3	Jamm's is a little indie breakfast joint in a strip mall in the West Valley area...very popular, only open until the afternoon. The food is very homey...you know the kind, big rough cut homefries with onions and so on. The food is good, the service is friendly and informal, the only downside is that it is small and popular, so sometimes you can catch them with a wait for a table. The coffee is good, they have a newspaper rack that you can grab a section from, and one thing I have only seen there, is instead of mints at the register, they have a bowl full of sticks of various kinds of gum. I thought that was cool. One thing, and I don't know if this is a complaint or not....I ordered some oatmeal once, with bananas, it just kinda sounded good that day....well, they gave me a gigantic vat of oatmeal that I would like to see someone try to finish. Seriously, it was silly. It prompted a discussion on portion size in American restaurants, and all that. Certainly generous, but kinda off-putting.
4	Thinking of an omelet?  This place has them ALL!  http://www.jammsrestaurant.com/I ordered the White Castle Omelet which was stuffed with crumbled burger!  It was huge--all of their omelets are huge!  Wilson Y. was correct when he said "The Pot of Bread is tasty and soft."  In fact, I'd try it you get to visit because the only other place I know that makes it like this is a place called the Summy House located in Manheim, PA.Jamms is located in a strip mall along Rainbow.  Inside, it beams with natural sunlight.  The decor is upbeat with a lot of personal touches.  The staff are friendly and fast.
4	can;t get the so to wake up to join me for breakfast ( i guess brunch since it's 12 pm ) - gotta hit the bank and the post office first, that gets me closer to the breakfast spots - hash house a go-go, maple tree, etc - still haven't tried jamms - today is the day !place reminds me a little of maple tree and 50s diner ( on jones )  in that they are in strip malls, kinda in the middle of things - for some reason i find these locations strange for a restaurant, let alone a breakfast place. still, the place has a nice homey feel to it - i sat at the counter - the server is the "flo" type - probably there 20+ years - a hoot ! go with the corn beef hash home fries and the pot 'o bread.  with a diet coke it cost $11 - i guess a little on the pricey side.  the hash - ok - it  reminded me more of chipped beef then corn beef ( i guess because how they cut it ) - the flavor was decent.  the home fries - ok - had a mashed potato quality to it.  the pot o bread - this brought bake the memories !  it's basically a yeast roll - kinda brought a tear to my eye because it tasted exactly like the rolls momma used to make when she was the grade school head cook  - loved  those rolls !service was top notch !  i liked this place but i still give the nod to maple tree - gotta try some of the other items on the menu before a final verdict is reached then it's off to al's diner before i cast my final vote for best breakfast in vegas.
4	After checking Google for the  best breakfast in Las Vegas I found this place-Jamm's listed as one them I had not yet visited.I checked out the reviews on Yelp (it had 4 stars on 8 reviews) & Urbanspoon* their menu on the website looked good an was very cheap. So we loaded up and headed out nice and early to beat  the before & after church crowd you sometimes find in a breakfast spot. Surprisingly the place had no wait but was very busy. It's a small diner with a 5-seat counter and very open floor plan with boothes along the walls. Very small-town mid-western.We were seated immediately in a very large booth which is nice so there's plenty of elbow room, we have a lefty.We ordered drinks right away-cofffee & water and then the waitress took our orders, she was very pleasant and efficient. We did notice right away that the menu prices were about 25% higher than stated on the website, kinda disappointing, BUT anyways, I ordered the Big Breakfast which was 1/2 ham steaK, 2 bacon,2 sausage links and 2 eggs plus 2 pancakes, my son got a full order of 2 biscuits & gravy and my wife ordered 2 eggs with country fries. The food came out timely and looked delicious. All well cooked-the meat slighty crisp and the egg cooked perfectly OVER-MEdium, something you find rarely done right.The biscuits were huge and the gravy was good but very little pepper and very little sausage. The bacon was crispy and the sausage had snap. The pancakes were a little dry and the whipped butter was like pure oil. The country fries were cooked well done with lots of onions & peppers. The coffee was a little weak but then again we like it strong so maybe its just right for most people. The service was great for us but in the table next to us it was exact opposite. A couple with 2 kids was ordering and they were told there was no avocado so they couldn't get what they wanted, then they got the wrong stuff when their food came out, they were loudly voicing their displeasure. The place is a little drafty and there is no TV to watch the football game,ETC but they do have the newspaper & Sunday comics plus the food is great & the service is TITS!! I would recommend it to anyone looking for a good regular breakfast spot.
5	Best corned beef hash on the damn planet. Seriously.
4	After reading the reviews here, I decided to give this place a try.  Two trips for weekday breakfast, and it is clear that this place is becoming one of those places that businessfolks meetup.  The food was decent, price was fair, and the service prompt.  I had an omelette, breakfast potatoes, and coffee, all of which were as good as such simple things can be.  Certainly better than the crap-on-a-plate that Dennys or Ihop wants to serve.  As I have said in other reviews, places that deepfry everything on the menu are a no-go with me.  I want real food from freshly prepared ingredients, and cooked properly.  Oh, and the bread-in-a-cup thing is really excellent.  It may not be Omelette House pumpkin bread, but it is good in its own right.As another reviewer said, good-for-kids is hard to say.  I have only been there during the week, when most of the customers are business folks and working stiffs.  Kids would probably ruin that atmostphere.  I can't speak for the weekend just yet.  There is nothing about the establishment itself that would be considered kid-unfriendly.I reserve 5 stars for only my favorite haunts, which this place has yet to earn the distinction.  But they are well on their way.  I'll check back in a few months with a more long-term opinion.
5	By far one of the best places for breakfast in Vegas. If the locas love it it has to be good. Not crowded with tourists, so crazy kids or weird people here. The food is served it very generous portions and I love the olmelt skillets with gravy. The last time I was there they started doing fresh corned beef hash, wow!By far the best hidden gem close to the strip.
4	This is one of our favorite breakfast spots. Voted #1-4 times by the LVRJ as Best Breakfast this place delivers every time out.I have seen other customer have negative experience so it does happen but I see the staff here try to do everything to remedy it too.The service is fast & friendly, the food is good and the prices are reasonable. NO $2.99/$3.99/$4.99 Deals here though.The corned beef hash is unique -fresh and tasty, the potatoes are always excellent and the eggs are always cooked perfectly. I highly recommend giving it a try.
4	What a great little diner. This place makes you feel at home with the newspaper,and the great waitresses. Reminds me of better days.There are so many good things on the menu it is always hard to decided. This time I wanted to do lunch and the NJ Sloppy Joe-a triple decker sandwich with pastrami,corned beef,and turkey w/cole slaw & 1000 island sounded good. BUT....so did the French Dip sandwich with steak fries and au jus.I got the latter and it was damn huge I knew right away I was at best gonna make it through Half.The beef was tender & tasty. The Roll was soft and buttery but firm enough to hold up to being dipped.The fries were seasoned and very tasty.As expected I barely made it through half but there was no way I was leaving this one behind!If you like that small town feeling when you go out to eat. THIS IS THE PLACE!
4	I'm a big fan of the breakfast place. I'm especially fond of off-the-beaten-track, magnet for the odd-bird-local breakfast place. This place fits the bill. Not long ago, I was yearnin' for somethin' different than my regular rotation and decided to check out this place. There was a steady stream of people heading in at 9am, which is a smidge earlier than a typical rush - a good sign.The decor is... well.... Bridges of Madison County meets sponge paint meets truck stop.  Once you get over the momentary shock of that, you know you're at a place that feels like home.The menu has a lengthy omelette menu which includes the likes of a White Castle omelette. Being from Chicago, I was filled with warm fuzzies.  I settled on the house special omelette, which was steak, onions, sauteed mushrooms and provolone cheese.  The omelettes are done just like I happen to like them, with thin egg wrapped around sauteed yummies in the middle.  The bread in a pot was a nifty surprise as well.  Home baked white bread in a little white ramikin served with softened butter.  All in all, it was a hit. Go to Jamm's and find yourself in breakfast heaven.
4	I wanted a different breakfast experience than another restaurant with the word 'egg' in their name so based on Yelp reviews, my husband and I decided to try this place. We drove a little ways from our side of town and would do it again to come back here!It's a cute little place in a strip mall off of Rainbow & Charleston. Upon entering, we were immediately greeted and seated. Our drink orders were taken, literally the second we sat down.Our very cheerful and friendly server asked to take our orders very soon after our drink orders were taken. Being this was our first time here, we needed a couple of minutes.I ordered the veggie omelet and my cute husband had bacon and eggs. I really liked that the food was NOT greasy! The omelet was huge and stuffed with perfectly sauteed veggies. I had home fries that were seasoned just right, AND I really liked the fact that they didn't drench my toast with butter! My toast had just the right, even spread of butter, which is rare.All in all, the service was great, the food was very good, and the prices were pretty much average to most other places. I would definitely make the trek to have breakfast here again.
4	Ok, so after being a regular here for a few months, I can update my review a bit.  By and large, their food is pretty good.  But there is room for improvement.  The omeletes are decent, but I prefer the kind where the ingredients are cooked into the eggs, rather than just piled in and folded over.  NO big deal though.  I will leave this at 4 stars, as I think the food could use a little more refinement, but all said, I am pretty happy with the place.
4	Just tried out their night menu - they have an awesome selection of unique hamburgers, some other sandwiches and wraps, a few salads and a short list of appetizers.  The choices of sides are many - seasoned fries, skinny fries, sweet potato fries, potato salad, coleslaw, cabbage salad and a regular side salad.  The drink selection left something to be desired, but they do carry the essentials. (Coke products for sodas)  While the items are definitely not standard, it *is* a smaller overall menu than most places.A recent addition (I don't remember seeing it on their lunch menu) is "The Jamminator" - a whopping 24 oz burger with your choice of toppings.  If you take the challenge and can eat it all in one sitting, they give you a free t-shirt.  After seeing how big their regular burgers are... that thing has to be monstrous.I had the Egg Salad Burger.  (Yup - a 10 oz burger with a scoop of egg salad on top, plus the normal fixins.)  It was fantastic, but super big.  Definitely something to cut in half and take part home for later.  For my side I chose the sweet potato fries; they came spinkled with powdered sugar.  I think I could've just eaten a plate of those by itself and been satisfied.  Super delicious, and a nice sweet change-up from normal fries.The waitstaff is super friendly, almost to a fault.  Great group of people, though.Comparing what you get for the money you spend, this is easily one of my favorite diner-style restaurants in town.  Expect to spend about $15-$20 per person if you go all out with drinks and dessert.  It's definitely worth it.
2	Had the corned beef hash and eggs over medium.  Eggs were cooked perfectly and were delicious.  No complaints there.  But the corned beef hash wasn't flavorful.  Just salted heavily but none of the delicious flavor you expect from a good corned beef.  Just tasted like salt.Had the pot of bread...I like that it's hot and such but it wasn't very flavorful either.  Just seemed like plain white bread.  Didn't get the yeasty flavor other people liked.Service was great and the staff super friendly.
4	After visiting Hash House A Go Go, and finding to our dismay, a ridiculous 1 hour wait, we decided to try Jamm's for brunch instead.  Jamm's is unpretentious, unassuming, honest-to-goodness mom 'n' pop little joint (the complete opposite of Hash House).  Service is fast and friendly and they treat you like family (they were really accommodating to my husband's request for hard boiled eggs).The food was good solid diner fare.  We ordered the eggs benedict, the chicken fried steak and eggs, and a side of corned beef hash. Everything was good, but we loved loved LOVED the house fries and the corned beef hash (which was perfected seasoned and lightly crisped).  Food was reasonably priced and portions were very generous.Will return if in the area again!
4	After reading the reviews, I had to try it.  Overall, a great little diner in amidst a strip mall.  It's quaint, with great diner service and solid good food.  They are well known for their popover bread, and you must get one when you eat there.  Great mom and pop joint away from the strip, and well worth the drive.  I eat here at least once a week because I love their omelets.
4	Oy vey! There was a ninety-minute wait at the Hash House a Go Go and not even a bench to sit around and wait. Damn that Rachael Ray. Alas, I went to the Yelp app on my iPhone and found a nearby breakfast eatery that was also averaging around four stars. It literally took us about three minutes to get to Jamm's and big surprise...it's in a strip mall, our third off-the-Strip place that was in a strip mall. We noticed the place was abuzz with customers but not nearly to the level of the Hash House. There was a fifteen-minute wait here, and the diners were not nearly as fashionably attired. It's a modest operation, the type that has a cheery hostess and cartoon murals on the walls. The menu is pretty robust, but unlike the nearby Egg & I, there was a lot more thought and care in the execution of the dishes. Jamie W. ordered the $8.45 Reuben Omelet, which was full of strands of corned beef and mounds of sauerkraut. There was also a generous slab of Swiss cheese melted on top and a side of crispy hashed browns (see photo). I went for a similar dish, the $8.50 Irish Skillet, which had the same corned beef accompanied by diced onions, green peppers and potatoes, all mixed into scrambled eggs and melted cheddar cheese (see photo). It was a mess of high-cholesterol goodness well put together. Tasty too. Jamie, in a moment of insanity laced with homesickness for his Midwestern roots, also ordered the $5.25 full order of Biscuits and Country Gravy, which was a gloppy pool on a plate (see photo). I won't deny it wasn't good in a deep Southern kitchen kind of way with the biscuits sopping up all that gravy, though I attempted to re-purpose it as an extra topping for my skillet breakfast. Bloated was the way we both felt afterward but also sated. Needless to say, I also noticed they decorated the restroom stall with the same cartoon murals. Somebody must have had time on their hands. By the way, the waitress was also cheery, chatty and about nineteen. She was refilling my coffee cup with unadulterated pleasure. FOOD - 4 stars...country breakfasts with deli twists, well executed with simple ingredients AMBIANCE - 3 stars...kitchen cozy with Fingerhut touches SERVICE - 4 stars...cheery thy name is Jamm TOTAL - 4 stars...good diner-style eats can be found in a strip mall
4	One of my favorite places for breakfast.One house special is the "Eggs Benedict" - of which there are several varieties (including one that is served with a waffle rather than with an English muffin). They are all good.The house coffee is Illy brand, which is an awesome way to start the day.Prices are fair for what you get. The food is delicious.Do not miss the "Pot of Bread" - fresh, hot white bread served in ... a pot ... what else?Also, it is just a few steps away from the Dead Poet Bookstore - Vegas'  largest and best used book emporium. Plan on spending the rest of your morning there.
3	Went there late Saturday the 15th. Enjoyed the food. Service was okay too, didn't appreciate the waitress coughing at the pickup window where there were plates of food waiting to be picked up. Definitely a real turnoff for me. Hope we don't get sick!
3	I like the atmosphere. It's sort a place you would want to walk to in your neighborhood, grab breakfast, and read the newspaper. Jamm's has been a voted favorite for awhile and I can see why. But there is always room for improvement. On the first trip, I ordered the Provencal omelet. It came with spinach, tomatoes, and cheese. The omelet was very soggy probably because of the main ingredients, but it should never be presented to the customer in the way that it was. It looked more like soup. I have to add, I never appreciate places that put a slap of cheese on top to melt. It tastes better when inside the blanket of egg. The pot of bread, which this place is known for is a cool idea. However, if they want to make a pot of gold serving the carb in a cup, they need to perfect the recipe. It's dry. Second trip, I ordered the turkey melt on texas toast. It was good. Just make sure you ask for dry toast if you don't like it to be buttered up. This place is one of the better breaksfast joints in town. With a few quick improvements it could be even better. 3 1/2 stars.
5	I tried the Chicken Fried Steak with Biscuit and Gravy.  I thought this was the best CFS I had in Vegas.  The steak is a deep fried variety.  The batter is thicker than others and has a good crispy crunch while being soaked with gravy.  It's not easy having that last bite still crunchy.  The hash browns were not over cooked or undercooked.  They were golden brown with a nice crisp exterior and nice soft interior.  The biscuit was very soft.  Melts in your mouth.  Coffee was good too.
5	Great service, food and atmosphere! If you like French toast get the Jamms French toast it has little bits of cornflakes on them, it's amazing
4	Went here on a Monday morning and the place was pretty busy, still lots of seating available, but a good first impression. I sat down and my drink order was taken immediately. I looked over the menu, knowing of course I was getting the pancakes!! My waitress came and took my order and asked what I was drinking. She came back with another diet soda and a caraf!! Scored some major points there cause I guzzle soda!! I ordered the home fries as well bc the pics looked sooo yummy!! I was dissapointed that they came out as little chopped up bits of seasoned potatoes with peppers and onions...did I order the wrong thing? I'm confused on what the potatoes are in the yelp review pics that look like they are super crispy on top, almost looked like a mound if mashed- are they the breakfast potatotes? The guy next to me had a dif style but they still looked shredded. Either way the pancakes were amazing, little crispy on the side and barely needed any syrup they were so tasty. They are def the buttery version as opposed to a dryer type like at maple tree, cracked egg and weiss deli. I will def be back to try and get those potatoes. Very friendly atmosphere....would have been 5 stars had I gotten the right homefries!
5	Great local hole-in-the-wall with a friendly diner atmosphere.  We ate breakfast there.  I had a meaty omelet and my wife had the eggs Benedict.   Both were tasty and reasonably priced.  We were headed out of Vegas going North, and it was an easy stop before getting out of town.  They are apparently famous for their bread bowl, wish we would have gotten that.  We didn't notice it until we exited.  I had whole wheat bread with my omelet and it was amazing.  Pretty sure it was homemade.  The texture was soft yet chewy and buttery... man that was some good bread.
3	My brother and I were both up at 8am and wanted some breakfast.  He found this place online and wanted to try it due to some awards they received from Best of Vegas.  I then looked it up on here and read about the special offer for a free pot of bread.  I love bread and was excited to find out what it was exactly and to try it.  After our waitress took our orders I mentioned Yelp and asked about the pot of bread.  She didn't seem familiar with the offer, but didn't question it at all and brought me one.  In case you're wondering, it's a personal sized piece of bread that comes in a little round bowl and resembles a large cupcake.  I got the cinnamon-raisin one and it was definitely the best part of my dining experience.  The top was just a little toasted and the middle was soft and chewy.  If that were all I ate I'd have given them 5 stars, but sadly it went downhill from there.    I ordered an omelet with avocado, bacon, and cheddar and it was a big disappointment.  There was quite a bit of bacon inside, but it was all way overcooked and a little thick, so it was rock hard.  The avocado was good but it was all on one side, so I had to open it up and spread it out.  Also, the only cheddar I found was a few shredded pieces on top.  Like I said, very disappointing.  In hindsight I should have sent it back and either gotten something else or had them remake it.They give a choice of hash browns or home fries and I had the latter.  They were good and had bits of onion and bell pepper mixed in.  Overall, I can see how this place could be good, but my experience wasn't the best.  I'd give 'em a mulligan tho.
5	We had breakfast at Jamm's and enjoyed the hearty food served by the great attentive staff.  I had the bacon burger w seasoned fries...very good.
4	This one was a recommendation from a co-worker at Century 21, yes years ago- we ordered breakfast items several times on a group order. It was very good. I never forgot it and had always wanted to go in person. We were on that side of town and since the Red Apple Grill wasn't open for lunch, this was Plan B. I had never been inside until last saturday, with my husband. It's a small but busy and popular restaurant located at a strip mall next to Albertson's on the corner of Rainbow/Charleston. There was a short wait- I gave my name. It was about five minutes or so. Not bad. My husband said it reminded him of a smaller version of The Cracked Egg. It was decorated for Halloween. We sat in a booth- I was facing their Wall of Fame- numerous "Best of Las Vegas" awards, as well as a travel site award.The drinks were brought over to us pretty quickly (quick refills too BTW). We ordered from the lunch menu- Reuben & Jamm's Philly (with mushrooms, and onions)- and split it (our usual MO). Your choice of side- fries, sweet potato fries, potato salad. All sandwiches came with lettuce, tomato, and pickles- cut generously. Most items on the lunch side were priced at $8.50 on average. We both got the sweet potato fries- very generous helping (next time, my husband said one of us will get the fries and the other will get something else). Both sandwiches were equally very good. Not super greasy either, which can be the case with both sandwiches. (We saw a sandwich that was going to another table that was super stuffed- wonder what that was, but I don't know how that person could even open his/her mouth- would have to take out an inch of meat from it. It was that big.) My husband liked this place; he recommended it to his mom and step-dad. I'm sure we will be back again. The staff is warm and very friendly- I noticed that there were regulars here (a good sign). The bill was $17 and change- pay at the front counter. Free gum at the counter. On a side note, we noticed that there are omelets named after us, our nick names anyway, and they're right next to each other- how funny. Never saw that before in a menu, so we thought it was cute. Good diner on this side of town, reasonable prices, fast/friendly service, cozy atmosphere, only open until 3 pm.
3	In my quest to find a new breakfast spot as I was growing tired of my usual places I found Jamms Restaurant. I wish I could say that I believe Jamms Restaurant is jammin' or had some delicious  and wondrous homemade jam, however I cannot but that is alright just like how the restaurant is alright.Mostly certainly it was a miscommunication between myself and the name of the restaurant as I thought that perhaps the restaurant would serve some awesome jam, but to my dismay only the pre-packaged Knott's jam is available.. darn.The menu consist of your typical breakfast items, omelets, sandwiches, corn beef hash, pancakes, but you don't need something extraordinary as long as the ordinary is consistently delicious. Although during my visits I was not particularly impressed by my dishes. Reason being is that I felt that my Jamm's signature omelet which was composed of steak, bearnaise sauce, murshrooms and cheese was somewhat bland and my steak was difficult to chew. I also had a piece of my friend's Jamm's french toast which was battered and covered in corn flakes, my impressions are that I will probably stick with the normal french toast as the specialty is a little mushy for me. The service was jammin' though, the waitress were friendly, helpful, and refilled my water often. My dining companions went MIA after ordering but the waitress was very understanding and patient with that, always monitoring when my friends would come back to the table. However I would like to mention that the waitress had no clue what I was talking about when I mentioned the Yelp special nor did the cashier, which made things a little embarrassing for myself as I had to explain their special promo to receive my free pot of bread.. the jammin' stopped there unfortunately.Maybe in the future when I am tired of my usual breakfast places again I will give Jamms another try or perhaps for lunch I could jam with the California Club
4	Good just got better. We've been going to Jamms for years, as we love their large selection of yummy omelettes and their pot of bread. We went a couple of months ago and learned they now have cinnamon raisin pot of bread. Yum!
3	It's just so darn hard to find really great breakfast food. I was actually really happy with my order. I had the Sandy Omelet with sweet potato fries and it was pretty good. I was interested in ordering the pot of bread, but I forgot and ordered toast the first time around, but got it on my second visit. I don't really see what the hype is all about, I preferred the toast, actually.The price was right, but the service was spotty. Hit or miss on my two trips here. Sometimes hard to get the servers attention and often would have to remind them two, three or even four times to get me a refill.All in all, I'll probably be back, but I'm still on my quest to find the best breakfast in town.
5	I'm a sucker for breakfast food. If only the appropriate time for breakfast was like... you know, 4pm... I'd be great.So on the rare occasion that I AM up early for breakfast, I kind of like to reward myself for it. And as I was driving from my bank, I see this little restaurant in the plaza, and it's been rated Best of the LVR-J for 4 years, and it's only open until 3. Well I have to try it, I thought.Best discovery on the Westside in a long time. The atmosphere is cozy, like your mom's kitchen (if she had an industrial kitchen). Knick-knacks and country sayings adorn the walls, and the staff treats you like you're in their house. Try the Texas Omelette (with chili con carne and cheddar cheese) or if you're daring, the White Castle Omelette (with ground beef and grilled onions -- yes, like a Slider!). They're famous for their "pots of bread." It's soft and doughy, and if you order the Cinnamon Raisin pot of bread, it's like eating a cinnamon roll.They also have lunch items, which I'm sure I'll try someday, when I can get past the breakfast pages without choosing something.
5	The pots of bread are awesome! Plus I had the country style eggs benedict, best eggs benedict ever. After visiting Portland this summer, we were looking for something like that in Vegas and this is it.
4	I love breakfast food and I must admit, its hard to find a really good breakfast place. I came here with the bfriend and we ordered:*Matty's Country Benedict: 2 biscuits at the bottom with 2 sausages and 2 perfectly poached eggs on top, covered with creamy light yummy gravy!  Also came with a choice of hash browns or fries.*Country Skillet:fluffy scrambled eggs with sausage pieces, diced sweet onions, shredded hams, sliced mushrooms, diced potatoes.. covered with their creamy gravy on top.The service is two thumbs up-- quick and friendly. The waitress came back several times to ask if we needed anything and if everything was okay. I really enjoyed their breakfast and the gravy topped off everything perfectly. Loved it!!
5	My family and I have been going to this restaurant since I was 12, that is currently 11 years. There are 3 people who I see everytime I go that have been there since before we first went there and they always greet me with and extra big smile. I recently took my wife and her parents and our nephew and there was not one complaint about the whole meal. I was suprised that my super picky fatherin law who is also an amazing cook did not say 1 bad thing about the meal and that was a shocker, he always complains. This restaurant is wonderful, the pot of bread is to die for (if it's fresh) and they are aware of the Yelp, free bread deal, and the waitresses are always so very nice. It is definitely 1 of my favorite places to eat in Vegas.
3	I've dined here four times.....The first time:I ordered the turkey, swiss and pear wrap........WTF?  Flavor explosions with every bite.  So good, I knew that it could easily become a "go to" item when decisions had to be made on the fly.  Also, on the side, I order their famous bread in a pot.  If you LOVE fresh bread and carbs as much as I, you'll flip for this warm, doughy goodness!  (sigh)The second time:I ordered the Jamms breakfast sandwich; scrambled eggs, ham, cheese, Texas toast.............typical flavors for a typical breakfast sandwich.  Yet again, I ordered the bread in the pot and it melted in my mouth!  It is the business!!!The third time:I was craving good 'ole steak and eggs so I made my way to the closest breakfast joint.  No, I'm lying, I wanted the bread in the pot!!!  =)  I'm a medium-rare, over medium kinda girl, and when the steak came out chewy and well done and the eggs, over-hard, I was terribly disappointed.  The only thing that was eaten that meal were the hash browns (you can't mess up potatoes, can you?) and the POT OF BREAD (of course)!On my most recent visit to Jamms, I decided to order my "GO TO" turkey, swiss and pear wrap........decision well made, THANK GOD!  As usual, I ordered the POT OF BREAD, and LOVED every moment of it!=)~The service is wish-y wash-y at best.  One time I'll have over the top exceptional attention, and other times I'll be flagging the server down because I've gone 20 minutes (literally) without any sort of look my way.~The menu is large........nearly 20 omelets alone!~The POT OF BREAD is what keeps me coming back!!!  I dream about that bread!  Every time I drive past Jamms (which is often) I think about that bread!  UGH...........I want some NOW just writing about it!!!   =)~I'll continue to give this place a shot......they can thank the POT OF BREAD for that! =)
5	Drove across town to fulfill my corned beef hash craving at this place. Because of all those remarkable "Yelp" comments on their corned beef hash, I could not get this place off my mind! Not only that, corned beef hash is my #1 preferred breakfast dish!!!Corned Beef Hash and Eggs: NO Question, the Best Corned Beef Hash I've ever had to date!! They crisp up the top and bottom of the corned beef hash serving which added a very nice subtle touch of texture and the meat inside stayed juicy, tender and tasty as can be! The portion was also Generous! The accompanied fried potatoes were far from dry, simple and delicious!French Toast - "Jamms Style" = corn flake breaded/crusted: 4 Thick half slices of toast that were a little crunchy, a little sweet and had a nicely executed spongy consistency. Add some of their softened butter and drizzle some maple syrup over the bits of powdered sugar.. Yummm!!Pot of Bread: Thanks Yelp for the complimentary/special offer!  Extra Fresh, Extra Soft and Plainly Divine Roll of Bread!! Worth the Drive, Server was Very Nice and Enthusiastic, Prices were Fair and the atmosphere felt like how it should be!! APPROVED!!
2	The food was OK, service OK (she never smiled once), prices abit high for the product. Then while paying.....our bill was 44 and change and they wouldn't accept our $50.00 bill. Told us to go break it at the store next store. There was no sign posted either. I'll never go back there when there are so many better places in this city to go.
4	Solid breakfast food at reasonable prices. I got a "reuben omelet" and enjoyed it very much. The portions are large, the service is friendly, and they keep the coffee cups filled. What more can you ask for from a simple place like this? Great job, Jamm's. I'll come back whenever I'm in Vegas....
4	One of the many things I love about Vegas is all the little breakfast places they have all around town. It's nice to know that I've got options if I don't want a Grand Slam breakfast from Dennys. My husband and I came here for one of our Sunday breakfasts. I'm a fan of Corned Beef Hash so when I read Russ V's review on it I decided to give it a try. I liked this corn beef because it wasn't salty and I knew it was fresh because it didn't have the mushy consistency that canned corned beef has. My order came with scrambled eggs, and house fries with a side of sourdough bread. I'm a little weird when it comes to breakfast I usually will put the eggs and the corned beef hash on the toast. Once the toast runs out I save the rest and take it home. Corned beef on top of white rice is yummy! The portions are huge here so there is enough for like three small meals! I was also very full because before the meal came out we had the free Cinnamon Pot bread. Just mention Yelp and you too can get a free one! It was slightly salty on the top but once you get inside the bread it's nice and soft. It's tastes really good with coffee. My husband had the Sandy Omelet that comes with bacon, tomato, avocado, sour cream and cheddar cheese. I sampled the omelet and it was really good too! It reminded me of the Cracked Egg's North Shore Scramble but in a Omelet.
5	My husband was in the mood for the Irish Skillet. There were people already in line waiting (it was almost 10:00) but the wait wasn't too long. My husband loved the skillet-it had corned beef, potatoes, eggs and Cheddar cheese. Of course he chose the Pot of Bread to go with!  Love the magical Pot of Bread-it's light, soft and has a touch of sweetness to it. They have a cinnamon raisin version but I prefer regular!I had the Sandy omlette-bacon, avocados,tomatoes and cheese with a side of the seasoned homefries (which are really small squares of potatoes with seasonings, onions & peppers) and of course a Pot of Bread.  The avocados were perfectly ripe and the fresh tomatoes inside were just perfect!  This omelette kicked the butt out of the similiar omlette I had last week at The Cracked Egg.  The seasoned home fries also kicked the Crack Egg's seasoned potatoes (and they are good).My husband also got the french press coffee which he raved about.  They bring the whole thing to your table for you.  It was crowded as usual but service is top notch and the staff is super friendly!
2	This morning's breakfast was a huge disappointment.  It was busy-but Jamm's is ALWAYS busy on the weekend.  I ordered my favorite-The Sandy omelette.  The omlette part was a bit skimpy & it was bursting with bacon (some slightly crispy, some slightly undercooked)-almost too much bacon but the avocados were PERFECTO! Perfectly ripe and huge luscious slices. Sadly my potatoes were undercooked and very greasy : (  The Pot O bread was great as usual.  My hubby ordered the irish skillet.  He said it tasted "fine" but from my view it also looked undercooked in places and I was not even tempted to ask for a bite as I normally do.  I liked our waitress-we have had her a few times (I don't recall her name).  I asked about the potatoes.  She advised us to order extra crispy but did not offer to take them back... Maybe we could have had a small adjustment?  This is the closest place to where we live.  I think we will put our other places back in rotation for now.
2	I was a bit disappointed when I ate at this establishment. I've a huge breakfast fan, and am always looking to try new places. It was pretty packed when I got there, and so I had high hopes. Busy places usually mean good food. Service itself was just bad. We were seated and given our menus, but no one came around after that for at least seven minutes. And when our waitress finally did come around, she had a very snide attitude.I ordered the chicken fried steak. The steak was good and flavorful, and not the least bit dry. The gravy however, which was put on heavy handed, was disappointing. It had no flavor and added nothing to the dish. The scrambled eggs I ordered with it, were very dry. Which is a big pet peeve of mine. Scrambled eggs are probably my favorite thing to eat, and ruined eggs just ruin my meal. The Sandy omelet was ordered by a couple others that I was eating with. Both of which said their omelets were dried out as well. And that it was just disgustingly full of bacon. The Cinnamon raisin pot of bread was probably the best thing that was served to us. I definitely don't see myself going back to this establishment.
3	Came here on a Sunday after working out at 24-hour.  Must have been early enough (around 1030AM), as we were seated right away.Coffee was good, food was good.  We got a small stack of the grain pancakes, which was actually a pretty big stack.  They were good, but nothing to write home about.  Also got an omlete with cheese, bacon, and avocado.  Minimal avocado, tons of bacon and cheese.  After working out, would have preferred the reverse.  It was tasty though and came with a heaping side of cottage cheese and tomoatos.  Food tasted as expected.Service was ok.  Not too spot on for a Sunday, which one would think would be the prime breakfast day.  Cost was around $20 for above mentioned food and 2 coffees.  Wish I would've ordered that cinnamon roll in a mug- looks divine!The crowd must come around 11AM, as there were 4 or 5 parties waiting for a table.
5	After yesterdays encounter we wanted to revisit a friendly place that we know we can get a nice meal and great service.  Jamms once again provided us with top notch service, very generous portion sizes.  We joined them early in the morning for breakfast to which we were promptly seated and drink orders were taken immediately and brought out right away.  Other than my wife getting a bagel instead of an english muffin, which she didn't mind getting, it was great!  My drink never dropped below half full.  Great staff and great food.  Waiters and waitresses in Vegas could learn something from a small ma & pop place like this about customer service and attitude.
4	This is a comfortable homey restaurant. Everything is great. The potted bread option can be a meal in itself but you won't want to pass up one of the great omelets. The southwest hamburger is a real treat. Friendly staff does whatever you need to enjoy your meal. Prices are very reasonable.
5	Delicious!
5	Went with the hubby today- we both ordered corned beef hash based on these glowing, stellar recommendations of fellow yelpers!! ...and we were not disappointed!!! He loved his plain pot of bread and my cin raisin one was awesome. Fresh coffee, great service. Really glad this business has survived the sucky economy. Will definitely re-visit! :)
5	What can I say! Well, to start off, Jamm's feels like home. I come from Northern California and so you can say that im spoiled with tasty and fufilling food with a very homemade touch. I feel that restaurants lack the "at home" type of feeling, Jamm's is definetely one of those establishments. As soon as you walk in your greeted with a huge smile and welcome. I waited less than 2 minutes for a seat. Right away we were asked what would we love to drink. Service right away! The waitress with an absolute contagious smile, was very sweet and helpful. We did not wait for our food no longer than 15 minutes! Awesome, because I get so anxious when it comes to food. I ordered the Sandy Omelette (which I reccomend), DELICIOUS! Goodness, it was GOOD, hey did not skim on the portions of bacon,avacado, cheese and tomatoes. I strongly reccomend this restaurant!
2	Not sure what the draw is here. If Las Vegans think this is the ultimate breakfast hotspot, then they have never been to an ultimate breakfast hotspot.  When we arrived the place was crowded and there was about a 10 minute wait. no problem.When we were finally seated, it took the server nearly 10 minutes just to get to the coffee. Now I know the place is busy but it's never too busy to serve coffee in a timely manner. But in all honesty, I have to say that once the ball was rolling, we did not have to wait for refills. Maybe there was a little redemption there.The location. What is up with that? It was a big ugly strip mall which I think is a weird place for a restaurant but Las Vegas is so full of big ugly strip malls, there's just no place else to put a restaurant. It's bizarre.The food is nothing beyond mediocre. I had a veggie omelet that was so loaded with cheddar that it just became a big greasy mess and worse by association, death on a plate. I tried to push as much of it to the side as I could and by the time I was finished, it was quite a pile.The next time I'm in Vegas, I'm going to do some research and come up with my own breakfast spot
4	This is a great place for Breakfast! The decor is ho-hum but the food makes up for it, as does the great service and friendly staff. The omelets are huge! And come with choice of potatoes and pot bread ( super yummy ) or English muffin or toast for around 9 bucks! I went there with my husband daughter brother and dad. For all of us with drinks and coffee was about 56 bucks...a bargain if you ask me =) We left happy and full. I suggest the pot bread french toast...mmm.
4	This is my go-to spot for breakfast on the weekends.  Their Irish Skillet is amazing and doesn't have that icky corned beef from a can...it's real.  Their pot of bread is my favorites thing here.  Service is good.  Wait can be long on the weekends but it's worth it.
4	Outside of the place being freezing, the staff was nice enough and the food was good. The Cuban sandwich was excellent and the French dip was just okay. The pot of bread is a good signature appetizer. We would go back if we are in that part of town.
3	Ok so today was the day to check out what all the fuss was about! Went for breakfast this morning, this "greasy spoon" restaurant is comfortable and casual with booths. I ordered a Denver omelette and the country potatoes, of course the raisin cinnamon cup of bread. Yikes I was not aware they loaded their omelette's with cheese, was a bit overwhelming to say the least. They saute the Denver ingredients to oblivion, onions, ham and which should be green bell pepper as for a "traditional" Denver omelette, they used red. I like my Denver omelette with a bit more crunch of the onion and bell pepper. Way too much cheese about 1/2 pound it seemed, was basically a cheese omelette with some ingredients. It was insane the amount of cheese.Anyhow, I will be sweating cheese for the next week, eek. The country potatoes and cup of bread was awesome, and the coffee is also good with plenty of refills. I will give them another shot and order something different next time, perhaps the french toast.I have to say the service was awesome! We had a waitress that was sweet, charming and on top of things! She is one of those that calls you sweetie, honey, etc. I love that and eat it up, she got a hefty tip! lol
4	Great food, great staff, great atmosphere.  The cornedbeef hash and eggs was great, loved the pot of bread, especially since it was free.  I could probably give this place 5 starts, but I'm going to have to eat there a few more times to make sure it's earned.  The staff seem to know and love there regulars which is kind of a nice change.
4	First off, they are not a chain and I LOVE that!!You must try the blueberry pot of bread. It is amazing. It is a special, so you have to catch them on the right week. Their plain pot of bread is just as good though.They have the best ham around.They grill it perfect! The owner is always there to greet you when you walk in.The waitresses are always friendly. I have never had a bad meal here. They are known for their pot of bread, so make sure to order one when you stop in!  Also, I think it is a cute touch that they offer you gum, instead of those red and white mints everybody gives you on the way out.
4	This place has a homey feel. Same waitress, same hostess. Great vibe. Must try at least once. Love the sweet potato fries and pot of bread! Can get pretty busy. Lots of regulars.
4	4.5 stars.  The extra .5 is just for our waitress, Shirley, who is awesome with her contagious laugh! (If they served freshly squeezed OJ, then this would be 5 star status). I am so excited that we finally found a local breakfast/ brunch location that we can be proud to call our breakfast home.  We must have come at the right time for Sunday brunch because we were seated with no problem.  But, after a few minutes- the waiting area was filled to the brim with hungry patrons.  I ordered the Eggs Florentine and after a number of misses with the hollandaise sauce at other breakfast joints- I finally found one that was perfect.  Of course, I mentioned yelp- and even got a free pot of freshly baked bread- and I selected the flavor of the day: apricot.  Yummo! My husband ordered his usual- chicken fried steak with a side of country potatoes and devoured it.  My cousin ordered an omelet and another ordered a sandwich with steak fries which were so delicious.  We also shared a plate of peach french toast and not a crumb was left.  Yes- we were quite the hungry bunch. Awesome service, awesome food and I love the fact that it is family owned.  We even left with some "Jamms coffee mugs" because we are such fans.  As their motto says, we did "enter as strangers, left as friends".  See you soon, new friend!
5	Best in Las Vegas for breakfast and lunch!  Order an omelette YOUR way or choose one from the menue......super waitress Sandy, Shirley!
4	What do three Yelpers do after a double hike at Mount Charleston?  We look for a place to refill our depleted nutritional content.  We first went to a restaurant that had a 35 minute wait.  We opted not to wait and started Yelping on our smart phones to find somewhere else.  On the way to a 2nd suggested place, Warren P. found Jamms and since it was nearby, I piloted the car to Jamms.  What a nice stop for idea #3.The three of us started out with a free pot of bread, just for mentioning Yelp.  They have plain, cinnamon, and the flavor of the day was green chili and cheese which is what I got.  It comes with a cup of softened butter and was tasty.I had the S'mores pancake.  That's pancake batter with marshmallow and chocolate chips in the batter.  It's topped with some extra chocolate chips--for good measure-- that soften from the hot pancake.  There is also a drizzle of caramel sauce on the pancake.  I got the single pancale and it was a perfect ending to a great hike.Service was excellent.  I'll be back here for sure!
5	Service was excellent. Food was great. The omelets were so big that the wife and MIL wished they had shared.I got the Jamms breakfast sandwich. Wonderful and very filling. The wide had the Tomato and Avacado Omelet, which she absolutely raved about.Wish I had this place in Dallas.
5	This is a LONG time family favorite of ours. My mom has been going here for 15+ years. My best friend and I take our kids in now, at least once a month.The service is outstanding! It's always the same group of ladies, and they remember everything. Kids names, drink orders, our regular menu choices. It's impressive to say the least!The menu is vast to say the least. My all time favorite is the Sandy omlette. Think BLT with avocado wrapped in fluffy eggs, melted cheese and sour cream. You have your choice of bread side- but I would recommend the pot of bread. It's always slightly under baked, which we have grown to love.Make Jamm's you family favorite, and let me know what you think!
5	We have been going to Jamms for years!  The food is amazing and the staff are even better.  Try the pot of bread, the omelets are fabulous.  MY favorite is the mushroom delight, cream cheese in a omelet, so good.   My husband's is the white castle omelets, ground beef, onions and cheese.  So Yummy.  Don't forget the biscuits and gravy!
5	We found Jamms on a fluke and absolutely love this little restaurant... It has a family feel to it and while not fancy- the food is amazing! I recommend the signature omelet- unlike many breakfast food chains, it delivers on not only the steak, but the mushrooms as well! I've also tried other items on the menu and they never fail to impress!
4	We gave this place a try in place of our regular restaurant for breakfast: Hash House A Go Go. Its a great hole in the wall. Very friendly staff and the food is fantastic.
4	Big breakfast for inexpensive prices is the drawing point of this restaurant in a non gross way. Unlike other places that give you a heaping plate of heart clogging ridiculousness, Jamms has more healthy options. I had ordered the veggie omelet with egg whites and no cheese. That was the health nut in me speaking and then the glutton in me decided that sweet potato fries and a cinnamon raisin pot o bread should accompany with it ($10).  Looking around there were seasoned customers and I knew this place was a winner. When you can get a bunch of older locals into a restaurant and have them enjoy a meal, it must be good. The omelet was massive, filled with tomatoes, onions, mushrooms, and big chunks of broccoli. The sweet potato fries were plentiful and I made sure to eat them all. The pot o bread was nice and fluffy. I just wished with a name like Jamms, they would have homemade jam. Just nitpicking now. The staff was nice, split checks were not an issue, and our server was quick with refills.
3	I like jamms.  It is good, they have a great little thing called a pot of bread.  The regular pot of bread is good, but I tend to like there special one for the week.  They have really good pancakes, and decent burgers. The staff is friendly, but they really do get crowded on the weekends. Especially on Sunday morning. The staff is friendly, and the prices are okay.  I do love the smores pancakes, and the cornflaked French toast.  You should give it a try you will love the home kitchen feeling and friendly staff
5	Very down-home! Great, perky service! Love this place for the food...
5	My wife asked me, "Do you think you can adequately describe the nirvana you just reached?"The short answer? No. I ordered a liberally cheesed dish called the Irish Skillet. I've been to Ireland, but I don't remember having anything this good. The pot full of bread is an awesome idea and the Cinnamon Raisin is very good. Service is incredible and though the atmosphere is a little lacking (what do you expect for a homey feel?), the sum of all parts more than makes up for it.Short story - go here. Home cookin' never tasted this good.
4	I love this place!! The servers are always on the fly and they've never messed up my order. The sandwich selection is phenomenal, anything you want, they'll get it made.  The food is so awesome, I end up there at least once a week, if not for any other reason than to try the weekly pot of bread.
4	I'm the type of person that once I find a dish I love; I never really try anything else. And at Jamms, the Irish skillet is my favorite! Potatoes, corned beef, onions, and smothered in cheese... yummy! It's a lot of food (can't possibly finish it) and at $10, not overly priced.  Today I tried the pumpkin spice pot of bread and it was alright. Not too bad.  I really like this place. The service is always good and they always give you gum on the way out. LOL
4	Checked in here yesterday for some good home style food.  At least that's what all the reviews say, right?  Let's just start off by saying that they truly do treat you like family.  Service was very warm and they're genuinely glad to see you there.  I ordered the corned beef hash and eggs.  Great flavor and I absolutely loved the texture of all the caramelized onions and crispy corned beef hash.  Very good.  I also was curious to see what all the hype was about the Pots of bread.  Meh, it was ok, but to me, nothing to write home about.
5	Love the food and the service. May be crowded on weekend mornings but totally worth the wait.
5	The best home style restaurant you'll find anywhere! Amazing food, great portions. The best country fried steak in Nevada and the best place to find grits!
3	Signature omelet and Sandy omelet.  Comparable to Black Bear Diner.
5	I'm one of these locals you'll see at Jamm's almost weekly!  I love this place.  The people are SO nice here, and the service is great.  The food is EXCELLENT.  Their bacon is perfect (in MY opinion)-I like it thick and crispy, and they deliver on this!  Their eggs are always perfect, and I love their pot of bread.  They have breakfast and lunch, and they have something for everyone.  Best of all, it's not far from my house!  :)
4	We split an Irish Skillet. HUGE. Neither of us could finish our half. Really tasty. I enjoyed the melted cheddar. The cinnamon and raisin pot of bread was like a light and fluffy cinnamon roll. A nice addition. The staff was super nice and attentive.
2	I wanted to love this place. The potted bread was good, but not tdf or anything. I might go back to try some kinda eggy or pancakey or waffley meal or maybe a sandwich...give them a chance to redeem themselves after the awful corned beef hash, which really was a dire salty pile of mush next to some flavor-free hash browns and perfectly cooked poached eggs. Hormel's cbh is miles better than that stuff was. In future when I want cbh, I'll either have it at home out of a can or pay a bit too much for it at Hash House A Go Go (for all that place's faults, they do know their namesake). I want to give them more stars as I always prefer to support local family-run places, but for now, it's just a Meh.
1	Was really  looking forward to my usual Irish skillet but about broke a tooth on a rock or pit the size of a small pea.  Luckily tooth was ok but did sent it back for a new skillet.  The waitress was very apologetic and told the manger what happened.The one star rating was not for the hard pit in my skillet but for not even a visit from the manager or an offer to give a discount.  This was totally unacceptable service in my opinion.  I didnt expect to get a free meal but I did expect the manager to at least come over and apologize, but NADA.Won't be coming back for awhile, too many other good breakfast places around town.
4	A great "locals" joint in Vegas.  Awesome breakfast place...plus they have a yelp offer if you check in.  How awesome is that?  Overall great food and great experience.  If you go on the weekend...be prepared for a line!
5	I apologize to my friends @ Egg, but Jamms has the best breakfest in town! Today I had butterscotch pot of bread & the signature omlet. It brought tears of joy to my eyes. The waitress, Carol Ann, my friend, had to pry the plate out of my clenched fists. I had already licked the top clean, but she had a point, no need to lick the bottom. BTW, Carol Ann is an atrocious spellern
5	This place is great. We go here often, definitely my favorite breakfast place off strip in Las Vegas. Great service, great food. Can't ask for more.
4	My daughter and I found this little gem on our way out of town.  Outstanding service, great food & a true local atmosphere.  We will be back!
4	The only reason I gave then 4 instead of 5 is because sometimes you have to wait more than 30 minutes, outside. Tough w a baby in arms!Food is great, staff are wonderful including the bus boys.
5	Break away from boring strip breakfast and come over here.  This place is an absolute gem. You must try the Jamms French Toast.  I do not even like French Toast that much and this is good.  Sandy is among the best servers I have had.  I had not been there in 4 months and she remembered our names.  I promise I am not just saying that because Sandy's omelette is the best egg on the menu.  Cannot say enough about the pot of bread.  Try whatever the special is.  I have never gone wrong.  Worth the wait, but if you avoid weekends from 9:30-noon you should be fine.
4	I really like the familial atmosphere. They have great service and long time employees.i had the corned beef hash skillet with a pot of bread. I would prefer wheat bread and turkey bacon be available on the menu... But the meal was great. I appreciate great service, and they were very constant with the checking and refills.
3	Me love breakfast.  Me like Jamms.Jamms is an okay at best breakfast/lunch spot in Spring Valley. Tucked in strip mall. Jamms is packed on the weekend. I think the reason this little place is so popular is their Pot O' Bread. What is Pot O' Bread, let me assist you. It's fresh bread dough, placed in a little ceramic ramekin, then baked, then delivered to your table. Recently they've added flavors of the week (recent flavors: chocolate peanut butter cup, cherry cheese cake, cinnamon raisin).Jamms has a wide variety of options found at any dinner. Jamms' food isn't all that special. It's on par with Denny's and IHOP. The service is friendly, warm, and prompt. Coffee mugs, water glasses, and iced teas are never left empty. The restaurant is clean and loud. There are scattered tables and booths. On the weekends (Sat and Sun), there is looooong wait, so get here early.On the way out, be sure to pick up a free piece of gum to get the sausage, egg, and whatever else is on your tastes buds.
5	Pot thingies...yummy and free if u mention yelp...but I have to say as someone that is not really a breakfast person the egg salad club is the best egg salad other than mine I have EVER had....I mean insanely good...and the Irish scramble...omg...the corned beef soooo soft.  The hostess barks at you but eh...it's Vegas right?  Lol.  YUM!
5	First visit today to this restaurant and it is awesome. I cannot believe we have not been there before.  My hubby wanted breakfast and I wanted lunch.  Hubby ordered corned beef hash and said it was homemade and delicious.  I had a tuna melt which was very yummy and so filling. Hugh portions and the service is excellent.  We will definitely be back as there was so much on the menu that i want to try.
3	I walked in and the place was packed!The decor reminded me of an episode of the Golden Girls...  it was charming.The service was excellent.  I had a Rueben for lunch.  The sandwich was pretty tasty. The pastrami was good, but they were real skimpy with the pastrami.  They had a total of 4 slices of pastrami...  When I was served the sandwich I had to lift the top piece of bread to see the pastrami.  When I eat a rueben I want layers of pastarmi, kraut and dressing slopping out the back of the sandwich when I eat it.  I like the place and I will probably end up there eating breakfast sometime...
1	Awful.  The wait was about an hour on a Sunday - which is actually perfectly fine with me.  Why?1. You know that a breakfast place is good when there's a line and full tables2. I'll wait for a good meal, no problemProblem was - the service was horrendous -- and so was the food.  It took the waitress 15 minutes to get to our table after being seated to ask us for drinks.  After we put in our drink order, it took another 10 minutes for us to actually get our drinks.  We spent so much time looking around trying to flag someone down (just with looks as I despise the whole hand waving thing that people do).  When our drinks finally came, the waitress asked if we were ready to order.  As I ordered, she rushed me through any questions that I had.  For example, her question -- "wouldyoulikebreakfastpotatoeshashbrownsortoast"  She ran that sentence so quickly, I automatically "uhh....-ed" my reply.  When I said "breakfast pota----" she cut me off with a huff and replied, "it has onions and peppers and is stir fried."  Anyhow, she continued on being rude, abrasive and hasty.  But enough about the ordering fiasco.When I got my "signature" omelet - the "signature" sauce was dabbled on.  I mean, it literally looked like the cook took a teaspoon of the sauce and drizzled it over the omelet and left it be.  I asked for extra sauce.  The extra sauce arrived.  It was disgusting.  It tasted like clumpy flour boiled in egg yolk.  The omelet itself was dry and overcooked.  The steak inside of it was bland, chewy and grey.My fiance's eggs benedict.  Disgusting as well.  No other way to put it.  My niece ordered mac & cheese.  She said it was really dry and wanted to pour her milk in it.  Serious?After our "meal" was over we paid our bill and walked on out.  The hostess tried to give us a discount of 15% for a future visit.  I politely told her she could keep it.
5	The chicken fried steak is awesome! My favorite though is the potato pancakes!!
5	We went here this morning for breakfast and it is awesome. My husband loves corn beef hash and he says that's it's the best he has ever had! The staff was very friendly and she even called for us to book a massage! I recommend this place to everyone I know. Thanks
5	Great food, price, and service!FOOD:Four of us went to Jamm's based on one of the guys recommendation. I'm glad we listened to him. We all thoroughly enjoyed our meals. It was my first time having french press coffee, and it was awesome. We each ordered the Pot of Bread - one guy had the cinnamon raisin, and the rest of us got the special Oreo version. It was so good. The taste and texture of the bread reminded of a soft dinner roll, but the Oreo added a really nice sweetness, and it came with a side of sweet cream frosting/glaze. For our main breakfast dishes we ordered the Cornflake-crusted french toast, and the Irish Scramble, which is corned beef hash with peppers, onion, eggs, topped with cheddar cheese. Sounds yummy, right? Well, it was!SERVICE:We went on a Tuesday morning just before 8am. We were seated immediately, and had great service throughout. The waitress and busboy were friendly and attentive.I'm rarely in Vegas, but next time I visit I will definitely try to come back to Jamm's.
4	Since Jamms is right across the street from where I live it is my go to weekend breakfast treat. I can always get a seat at the counter no matter how long of a wait it is for a table.  Jamms has illi coffee from Italy and you have the option of the little creamers in the plastic cups or milk served in a mini glass container. The also have a different flavor of their pot of bread weekly. I usually get something off of the breakfast menu but they have great soups and sandwiches too!
3	A- OK.Huge portions of good, well prepared food. I ordered a low calorie breakfast of avocado, egg, and bacon /w cottage cheese and it was good, and when I leftI was not hungry.The wait staff is friendly and attentive. Most dishes appear to come in at around $10, you won't feel burned.
4	We went to Jamm's for a late morning breakfast. Never having been there before, and new to the state, we didn't know what to expect. We were greeted by a very pleasant lady and seated at a booth. Immediately we were served our coffee. A very nice waitress came to take our order as soon as we got the coffee. After she answered some questions she put our order in. They have seasoned home fries, and sweet potato fries.i had the sweet potato fries. They sprinkle them with powdered sugar, they were yummy. They serve them in a little fryer basket. They also have the original bread bowl. It's bread made in a little muffin cup, the bowl. They have white, wheat, and cinnamon raisin. I loved the cinnamon raisin. They didn't keep my coffee cup full, but did give me a second cup before I left. Over all, the food was great,very original presentation, very pleasant ambiance, service was good with hardly any wait. It's a place you want to return to. Oh, they serve breakfast any time of day. Price for 2 breakfasts for us was $22.00, but you could spend more if you want. Great place to take friends.  I will be a regular.  Dan
2	I am amazed that this place has won the Best of Las Vegas multiple times and is currently ranked as one of the best breakfast spots in Vegas...The service just met my expectations, not bad but nothing special. The ambiance reminded me of an old fashioned diner. The decor was very dated and to be honest the place felt dirty to me.My husband and I both ordered omelets, the Jamm's specialty omelet and the Ruben omelet both notated as favorite items on the menu. Maybe we just ordered the wrong meals as both left a lot to be desired. The home potatoes were inedible. It's a shame I was given such a large portion. The meals do however come with a "pot o' bread'. You can choose cinnamon raisin or white bread. These reminded me of bread my grandmother used to make at Thanksgiving, just plain ol yeasty bread. This trip down memory lane gave Jamm's the extra star. To be a good breakfast spot, the coffee needs to be spot on. This was another failing aspect of Jamm's. They use Illy coffee which I find to lack the robustness I love about coffee, almost watered down. I know many people love Illy though so this might just be a matter of preference.Overall, I will probably never return to Jamm's. I typically give places two chances to win me over but on a good day Jamm's could probably only muster one additional star out of me.
3	We came here for breakfast on a Vegas trip, my husband likes to find local mom and pop places rather than the usual tourist traps.My son ordered the smores pancakes which are actually chocolate chip pancakes with caramel sauce and whip cream.  I tried a bite and they were delicious.  The pancakes were light, airy and chocolatey.  I was surprised they weren't overly sweet.I ordered the french toast with strawberries.  It was very good with fresh strawberries instead of limp soggy thawed berries and they were plentiful.  The french toast is drudged in crushed cornflakes so they had a nice bite to them and no soggy bread.My husband ordered the corn beef  hash, this is where they lost two stars.  What arrived looked like browned sliced pieces of lunchmeat.  He told me it was so salty he couldn't even taste anything else.  To make sure he wasn't being overly dramatic, I had a small taste.  OMG it was the saltiest thing I've ever eaten and I like salt.  I drank my entire drink after that small bite.  It literally tasted like someone spilled the entire salt container in the hash and fried my taste buds, glad I was done with my french toast.  Bottom line, don't go anywhere near that hash if you have functional taste buds and anything but perfect blood pressure.  Get the french toast.
5	I LOVE THIS PLACE!! I have been there several times.  The food is great and the service is excellent.  I love getting the pot o' bread and they know how to make an omelette (which most places just mix it all together)!!!  I highly recommend this place because it's not over-priced and I love that I have never had a bad breakfast there!!!!
5	Excellent food, I really loved the corned beef hash. Very well spiced and cooked crispy on the griddle just before serving.  The waitress was friendly and had a folksy attitude which seemed appropriate. Coffee was a bit weak, but better than you would expect for a diner.
5	Babalama omelette had huge pieces of avocado and lots of bacon (too much?) well worth the price. French press was great as well. Definitely suggest it.
5	I've eaten here many time, but have only tried 1 menu item. I get the N.J. Sloppy Joe every time I go. It has three layers of rye bread filled with roast beef, turkey, corned beef, coleslaw and 1000 island dressing. Awesome!
2	Been here for lunch many times.  I don't get breakfast anymore because they don't know how to cook eggs.  The sandwiches are ok.  The cuban is edible as is the chicken salad.  The burgers are small and over priced.  The place is always kept way too cold for me and the service can be down right rude sometimes.
5	Derricious
4	Good food, good service, good prices.
5	Great food and service! We live right around the corner and go here regularly. My husband always gets the Reuben Benedict and I love the French toast. Biscuits and gravy are really good too.
5	Great food! Cuban panini was great. French toast is amazing!! Cannot wait to come back next weekend and try more!
2	Man I had a hard time deciding how many stars to give this place.  We actually found this place by accident.  I wanted to try a place in the same strip mall and I won't give the name because that's another review.  Let's just say they sell poultry cooked different ways.  I let you do the math.  As I was bummed out driving I see a window blasted with "Best of Vegas" stickers.  I was about to eat my foot so we decided to stop in to the breakfast/lunch establishment.  As we were walking in I noted the best of stickers were kind of old.  I figured well it can't be that bad.  We walked in  and were immediately greeted.  If I were to base the review only on the service and how friendly the employees are, then I would give it more stars.  The waitress was friendly and the guy who was filling our drinks was even more friendly.  Our 1 year old was a little fussy because she was probably hungry too.  They noticed this and brought us some crackers.  This was great!  If you are a waiter or waitress and notice a fussy kid and you know the little things that help parents then you instantly max out your tip.  Just a little piece of advise, go ahead and write that down.  Let's take a look at the food.  I ordered the Jamm's omelet.  It had steak in it covered with a sauce.  When I looked at the steak and keep in mind I am not expecting fillet Mignon here it looked like the steak um's meat you get in your freezer aisle.  I didn't like it at all.  I think I really didn't like it because the omelet was about $10.  I guess I was just expecting more.  I did get the pot bread and it was really good.  My wife ordered the french toast and she thought it was tasty.  My daughters just at eggs and toast.  We emerged from the restaurant paying $30 for breakfast.  Ouch!  Overall I am sure at one time this place was great but as new restaurants opened it probably took away from this place.  There are a lot better breakfast places out there. Cheers!
5	Excellent! First time visit.
2	Mediocre in nearly every way. The food is bland and unmemorable, the pricing is a little high for what you get. The service is generally pretty good. There are better breakfast options not too far away.
4	good homestyle breakfast food
4	Good food and pretty good service. I was in Las Vegas for vacation and came to Yelp to find a non-touristy breakfast location. This seemed to be the best choice. We made the 8 mile trek from the strip and found Jams.The first visit I had the Steak and Eggs. The steak was nothing fancy, just a typical cheap diner steak. It was cooked well but it was just okay. The "breadpot" was pretty damn tasty. I had cinnamon raisin and added lots of whipped butter. VERY tasty =DThe second visit (not my idea.... families idea...) I had the Texas Chili Omelet. This visit proved to be much tastier! The chili was meaty and flavorful. They were more than willing to add onions and jalapenos, per my request. I had the pumpkin and marshmallow breadpot with sweeeeet sugary frosting =D. Overall it's a great local place. The staff was quick and friendly. Refills were pretty quick. Only thing that bothers be is the gramatically incorrect wording on the front page of the menu.
4	If you are staying in Las Vegas I would highly recommend leaving the strip and driving to this restaurant. The service is excellent. The French Toast tastes great. Coffee was good. They do bring milk for cream so it you want the classic cream taste ask for the half and half. The server asked me if I want a fresh cup of coffee with the cream. I noticed a lot of regulars and locals coming in. The hostess was very polite and cheerful. She also wondered on how we found the place. It looks like positive reviews are bringing people in. On the way out I noticed all of the social network ratings including Foursquare, Yelp, and Trip Advisor. Google needs to advertise Places.
5	I recently stumbled across Jamms and decided to check the reviews before visiting.  The reviews and food pics got me interested.  I'm new to the Vegas area so always on the hunt for a good restaurant.  I had some (southern) family come visit so figured that this would be the perfect time to try it out.  There were 7 of us that arrived around 11 on a Friday morning.  As any great restaurant/dinner should be, they were packed out.  We only had to wait about 5 minutes and the lady at the cash register was super nice.  Once seated, we were immediately greeted and got our drinks only moments later.  Everyone decided quickly what they were going to eat so we got down to business.  Our choices ranged from breakfast items to kids meals to the crazy awesome french dip sandwich.  Our food didn't take long to arrive and we were all surprised by the amount of food that came out.  Everyone had more than enough to eat and between the 7 of us, we managed to finish off everything.  The pancakes are to die for!  Kids loved the grilled cheese sandwiches, chicken tenders and the chicken nuggets.  And they all loved that the fries came in a "frying basket" for each plate.  The service was great.  Our drinks were never empty and we were checked on several times during our meal to make sure everything was great. The menu gives a great variety of choices and we will definitely be back to try something different minus the 4 kids under 7 we were accompanied by originally. Between the 7 meals, 7 sodas/teas and a couple of extra add ons, our meal totaled $68.  Considering the amount of food we consumed, that was a great $68 spent.
5	No words can describe how much I love this place!! Went here on a recent trip to the area, I was only in town for 4 days and had to go back twice! Growing up in a small town I always miss the breakfast place where everyone knows everyone and the servers know your order as soon as you walk in. This is that place!! The food is simple and classic.... except for the POT O BREAD!! Such a simple idea, and yet so good!!
5	This was a pleasant surprise.  Kind of a drive from the north end of town, but totally worth it if you like a homey family diner kinda place.  Very family-friendly atmosphere.It was a little while ago, but I remember the food was really good (and inexpensive!!) and in generous portions.  We were there for a weekend breakfast and I think we got a free pot of bread because we mentioned we found them on Yelp.
5	Second visit and I am amazed by the over the top service. I had the opportunity to meet with Ronnie, the owner, and really enjoyed the pleasant conversation. I enjoy patronizing establishments with great service, who also take good care of their staff. I can tell that with long time staff, this place is extremely well run with the positive customer experience being foremost of importance. Thank you Ronnie and crew!
5	Hello! First time to Vegas and I find this place! What a gem! They have huge portions and very reasonable prices. In the 4 days I was in Vegas I went there twice. That's how good it was. And the waitress remembered us. That's how a diner should be. Their French toast is deep fried and covered in corn flakes!!! Not to mention they have what is called pot'o bread. Brilliant! I got the special for that morning which was strawberry s'mores. Yes that's right. STRAWBERRY S'MORES! Together in perfect harmony. Why haven't we combined these favors years ago?!? I could never live in Vegas but if I had to, Jamms would make it a little less unbearable.
5	Can never go wrong with any food selection here !!!! Best breakfast ever , small town restaurant feel
5	We were greeted quickly and the waitstaff was nice. We had whole grain pancakes with whole grain crunch. It was yummy. I ordered Eggs Benedict, again great.  If you mention yelp, you get a free bread. Price was under 22 bucks with coffe and a coke for two :). We left satisfied.
1	Can't disagree more with this overall yelp rating!   Strike 1: coffee was served in a dirty mug with lip smudge marks still on it.                Strike 2: I order jams French toast and got waffles instead. I read it off the menu to the waitress . She argued with me when the wrong dish came out and said "are you ok " as though I am crazy.                           Strike3: the waffle was baaad , it was grainy and tasted like it was never mixed.The worst waffle that I ever ate. The bacon was cheap buffet quality . My bill was $17 with tax and tip. It was $16.99 too much. Keep away from Jamms, go to the omlet house or original pancake instead.
4	Had breakfast here during our latest venture into town.  What lead us here was reading about their pot of bread, which I had to try out.The resto is a typical family diner, but not quite that of a greasy spoon.  Menu offerings were fairly standard as they had a nice variety of omelets, skillets, eggs and such, french toast, waffles and pancakes.  I ordered their Corned Beef Hash and Eggs, which was definitely none of that can stuff, it was housemade and cooked to perfection!  It was one of the better offerings of CBH I've ever had; you can trust me on that, I've been eating CBH since I was a kid.  The pot of bread it came with was served piping hot and was yummy.  I added butter and jelly and it was a nice treat.  Definitely skip the toast and go for the good stuff!Service was very friendly, they kept our glasses full and most importantly my coffee cup filled with hot caffeine goodness.  Which by the way, their coffee was pretty good!Overall, Jamms is a nice spot for breakfast, we'd come back again!
4	This was my first visit.  I went with my son who's been there before.A slight delay but nothing to ruin the experience.  Plus you have to expect some of that for such a popular restaurant.  We were seated in a comfortable booth and approached immediately by staff for our drink order.  The coffee was so-so but good.I ordered Jamm's Signature Omelet and it was very tasty.  Totally forgot to get a pic of it as it looked just like the pic in the menu.  Medium to large omelet and very good tasting.I also ordered the Pot of Bread and it was very good.Prices were comparable to IHOP and Denny's but the quality and flavor was way better.
2	Had been hearing about this place and decided to stop by yesterday. Had the chicken fried steak, scrambled eggs, hash browns & cinnamon pot of bread. The best thing was the bread. Steak size was kinda small & gravy was bland. Small amount of hash browns. Not worth $12
5	We wanted to try places where the locals go, someplace off the strip, where you don't literally get beat over the head when the check comes.  Found this place and we're very glad we went!  While they didn't have a gluten free menu they were very accommodating.  I had an omelette and hash browns and they gave me some sliced tomatoes in place of the pot of bread.  Hubby was lucky enough to have the french toast sandwich which was totally not what he expected.  It was french toast, made from their pot of bread and had cooked apples on top.  When I say his eyes rolled around in his head while he was eating it's an understatement.  He said it was probably one of, if not the best breakfasts he's ever had!! Service was great.  We would definitely go back!
4	We came on a rare Sunday we were actually awake. The place had a steady queue, a sign of good food. There isnt much in waiting area and I hate creating a clusterfuck in front of the hostess booth where people are trying to ojt their name and check out. it was too cold to hang outside so we left our number with them to sit in the car instead.We decided to shareRueben Benedict -I was expecting more like chunky pieces of corned beef but they use deli cut for this but guess that makes sense too. Overall solid Benedict as the Hollandaise was perfectly done.  We got their home froed potatoes which was pretty good flavor with peppers and onions. Only I might ask to get a bit of it crisped up next time.  Jamms Signature Omelette - this isn't the fluffiest of omeletttes and is stiffer but still good. This has onions, mushrooms, peppers, steak and cheese in it topped with bernaise. It wasn't plentiful on the thin sliced steak (think like philly cheese or gyro), but all the components were decent. We also got home fried potatoes with this and this comes with a bread choice.  Seeing as they are famous for potted bread we chose that.  They always have plain or cinnamon and rotate a flavor of the week. Vanilla caramel was this weeks which soinds like everything we liked. It is similar to brioche crisp on the top and fluffy inside and theu fave us a whipped butter frosting like spread.  Yeah,  Im a fan of the bread.  Service was always friendly, and definitely on top of things. They are quite speedy here, our food was out in no time and drinks refilled stat. I can see why people like this place.  Its solid, no frills American hearty portioned breakfast with good service. I'll be back if I ever wake up early enough again.
5	Had the sandy omelet and let me tell you that thing did the disappearing act.  Pot of bread was the holiday cranberry flavor.  I can't give Jamms enough love, I want to skip the silverware entirely and use my fingers next time.  Old fashioned homey atmosphere, huge portions, great service, family owned.They also will do platter portions for carry out for you to supplement your next party!
2	I really wasn't impressed. My husband and I stopped in on a Wednesday morning on a recent trip to Vegas, we were seated immediately by a friendly hostess. I was really excited to try it due to the great reviews, it's a way off the strip and wasn't worth the drive. I had the Breakfast Combo thing with eggs, ham, sausage, bacon, and pancakes. The pancakes were doughy and not cooked through, the eggs were a spongy egg-replacement, and the rest was average. My hubby had the Corned Beef Hash Eggs Benedict at the waiter's recommendation and it was really slimy and the English muffin basically drowned and dissolved in all of the sauce. His hashbrowns were greasy and left a lot to be desired. We ordered the S'mores pancake to try it and it was just a pancake with chocolate chips and marshmallows sprinkled on top, it was gross. Our waiter didn't take it off our tab or bring us the cinnamon raisin pot of bread we ordered. Not worth coming back, and no clue why it is so highly rated. Cost us $25+ so not cheap diner food either...
5	I love this restaurant. Their cute decor makes it a home-y feel. We came for weekend brunch and the place was packed. My party of 4 and I had to wait about 5 minutes for a table.In my opinion, Their breakfast is almost, if not better, than the Egg and I. Service was awesome, food tasted great...everything came out pippin hot and fresh and the prices are on point. Also, anybody who loves biscuits and gravy would loveeeee it here. Their gravy had chunks of meat in it. Yummy!! =)
4	I really enjoyed eating here. Cute decor, warm and friendly wait staff, and great food. The only thing is that I wish my breakfast had a little less salt, but I have to give them props for using FRESH CORNED BEEF for their corned beef hash! Their Cinnamon Raisin pot of bread was excellent and it was enough for us to take back to our room and heat up for the next day! :) YUM!!!
5	Really good breakfast. I ordered the Hungry Lion breakfast and everything looked great. Service was great and our server was very friendly. Good atmosphere too.
4	First and foremost, the staff here is just delightful! They have a regular crowd, everybody knows each others names, it's really welcoming. They're always very friendly, even when busy, and they take care of you as if you were family.I've been here a handful of times as it's close to campus and I focus better in class when I'm happily stuffed. I've gotten breakfast all but one time in which I ordered the French Onion Soup and a salad and it was a total miss!The French Onion Soup has a light broth with way too much thyme in it. The bread was a cheap generic white bread, so it got sort of slimy once it soaked up the broth. The onions were a thick slice and were not meltingly soft.The salad which was Jamms House Salad was a cabbage salad with an "Asian" dressing. By cabbage salad, I mean, chopped green cabbage. That's it. The dressing itself was alright with some sesame oil and rice wine vinegar, but it was too heavy on the sugar.That being said, the only thing I've eaten here for breakfast is omelets! The reason? Simple: The cheese. Oh my goodness, the cheese!! The omelets here are delicious but they definitely cheat by adding A LOT of cheese, which I'm a total sucker for. I usually eat healthy breakfasts, but the cheesy omelets here do me in every time. So much cheese you have to chew it well. It's glorious!The Margie is my favorite omelet they have. It comes stuffed with mushrooms, tomatoes and artichoke hearts. Sometimes I add green peppers, sometimes I add spinach, but I always get egg whites which is a slight up charge ($1). They saute the vegetables before putting them in the omelets, so the tomato gets a little cooked which I love. It comes with your choice of potato (fries, hashbrowns, home fries) and bread.Their bread selection is unique in that they offer a "pot of bread." If you like dinner rolls, you'll love this. Their pots of bread are really soft, pillowy, yeasty white breads. They offer seasonal flavors (I once had a divine raspberry and lemon), white, and cinnamon. Or you can get toast of course. I usually get fruit instead of potatoes and no toast or bread (at an up charge $3). The fruit here is always a medley of melon.Great service, and amaaaazing gooey cheesy omelets! Coffee is decent.. just decent.
5	A locals restaurant, for sure, but super friendly to non regulars and THE FOOD!!!! The best french toast I've ever tasted, hands down. Amazing omelets, chewy super cheesy (the way I personally like them) The bread pots are like risen pots of yeast heroin. If I think too much about the bread pot I'll be right back there tomorrow morning consuming my entire day's  calorie consumption on multiple bread pots with the addictive cream cheese topping. They keep the coffee filled and the food out fast. Been coming here for over a year while out monthly for work and has been consistently excellent!
4	First time eating here and overall, very impressed.  Had the bumper omelet, which is mushrooms, broccoli, cream cheese and topped with hollandaise sauce. Although I wish the broccoli had been cooked a little more, it was delicious. The pot of bread was different and scrumptious. Parking is convenient and plentiful, since there is a grocery store a couple doors down. Decor was OK, but very clean,  booths looked a little circa 1980's. Honestly the only thing I wish they'd change is the kids menu prices, they seemed a bit high. Will definitely go back again.
5	I had the best omelet (the babalama - bacon, tomato, avocado, and cheddar) of my life here.
4	So...after the servers stopped kissing all the regulars, I was able to nom on some very delicious food. Prices reasonable. Food delicious! Servers VERY friendly. On a side note, I would highly suggest that the owners expand into the vacant space next door. I would also get rid of the booths and replace them with small tables. It didn't make sense to me that two people sit in a 6-8 person booth when the restaurant is busy.
2	Well what can I say other than I was disappointed. Came here for lunch with the Fiance and won't be returning. It wasn't that the food was bad, it just wasn't good. I'd rather spend my money elsewhere. I had the chicken fried steak and eggs with hashbrowns. The eggs were, well eggs. Cooked the way I liked it, but just eggs. The hashbrowns were cooked really good too, but had zero flavor. The steak was nicely breaded but there was too much egginess from the batter. There was no flavor development in the gravy. Just salt (but wasn't too salty). At least put some pepper in the gravy!The fiance had the French Dip. The whole thing looked like they bought all their supplies at the nearest grocery store. The bread was simple and there was only roast beef on the sandwich. The meat looked like it was pre-packaged and the au jus tasted like it came out of a box. On top of the poor food quality, our waitress spilled the au jus on her way out with it so the bread on the bottom was soaked and fell apart while you ate it. The waitress was very nice still, but bad mistake. The only thing I guess worth complimenting were the sweet potato fries. They were cooked nicely and they added powdered sugar on top. I hadn't seen that done before and the sweetness of the potato paired well with the sweetness of the sugar. But all in all, no plans to return.
5	This place was referred to is by a local. I wanted really good food and not just the stuff everyone is eating that is commercialized. This place did not disappoint. The service was impeccable and the food was outstanding. I had the corned beef hash (instead of sliced corned beef) Benedict and pot of bread. The bread was delicious except that the condensation in the pan it was served in made the bottom soggy. Oh we'll. the hash browns were crispy and their homemade hash was simply amazing. Coffee was on point as well. Husband had steak and eggs and was happy with portion and taste. I want to come back and have more before we leave. I also have to thank the waiter at another restaurant for the recommendation.
4	I like Jamms. It is a great local joint. It is a lot like the bar Cheers, where everyone knows your name. My dad is a regular and falls into this crowd. I meet up with him from time to time and always enjoy the experience. The food is always good, the portions will fill you up for sure, and the prices are pretty good.
5	Wow - just noticed the last time i reviewed this place was in 2008 !!! I'm guessing i've been to JAMMS at least 10 times since then.  I'm also guessing the exact same employees work there now since i first tried JAMMS in 2008.As the gf and I walked in we debated whether or not the place was freshened up with new paint - i generally don't look at decor but given our upcoming move to a new house and being bombarded by all the design/decor ideas coming from the gf for the new house, i've suddenly taken a closer look.As usual, the service is spot on - water and coffee at our table within a minute, Flo taking our order within minutes and the food served within minutes ... honest ! Gf standard breakfast - veggie omelet - no seasoning, no oil , packed with 4-6 veggies, and of course, egg whites - given the large number of veggies, her food usually costs between $12-$15 at the various breakfast places we visit.  Surprisingly, no extra charge for the garden of veggies that the gf requested - but a $1.50 upcharge for the fruit side.  I believe her omelet cost $10.  She proclaims JAMMS is the only breakfast spot that consistently prepares her omelet correctly.My ham and cheese omelet ?  All good - i like that they put the cheese on top the omelet AND inside the omelet.  IF we lived closer to JAMMS ( and with the upcoming move, we will ) I suspect this will be one of our top breakfast spots.pics included
1	If you eat here, pay cash.Someone decided after I left that I should be leaving a 40% tip.  Just found the altered charge.Service was ok, but someone @ Jamms is definitely over valuing themselves at that amount.I won't be going back.
5	So, if you have visiting European tourists and want to introduce them to an authentic, tasty, FILLING American breakfast, THIS IS THE PLACE. They're big enough to share. So, if you order the ham and eggs and your friend orders a shortstack it would be plenty. That's not what we did however. We had the corned beef hash and eggs, ham and eggs and a shortstack. The hash was as people claim one of the best restaurant hashes...not as good as my own, though. :P The ONLY thing that was pretty terrible was the coffee....or dishwater.
4	Super friendly staff and a menu I look forward to continuing to explore!
2	They charged me for my supposed" free pot of bread" that you get by checking in on yelp.
5	Jamms has won the RJ readers poll for the best breakfast in Vegas basically every year since the beginning of time, but then again, the RJ readers voted Taco Bell as the best Mexican food in town last year, so screw those people.  The Fat Man knows what he's talking about when it comes to food.You want the skinny on this place from the Fat Man?  I live off of Boulder Hwy in Henderson.  This place is at Rainbow and Charleston.  (About 35 minutes from my house.)  I don't do mornings, and I'm not generally a breakfast eater...But at least once a month, my wife and I get up early and trek across town just to eat at Jamms.  Over the years I've had a few things on their lunch menu, and I'll be honest...I'm not a fan.  But their breakfast....oh baby, their breakfast.  Their omelets are light and fluffy and PACKED with toppings.  They have about 30 omelets to choose from, so you have plenty of options (The White Castle is by far my favorite.)  Their corn flake french toast is AMAZING.  I have often wished for their signature pina colada french toast as a dessert after dinner at night.  (When I start thinking about that is usually when we go to Jamms the next morning)       Their fresh baked pot-o-bread is some of the best bread I've ever had.  It's like a poofy dinner roll baked like a muffin, only airier and fluffier and full of wonderousness. (And yes, that's a word.  I just made it up.) I usually get the original, but they also offer cinnamon raisin and the "flavor of the day".Ladies and Gents, as I said before, I don't do mornings.  As I often say, "they call it mourning for a reason".  Anything that can make me EXCITED about getting up early is something special.  Jamms is one of those rare things. The only thing better than the food at Jamms is the atmosphere.  The staff is friendly, helpful, and courteous.  They are always smiling and chatting with the customers.  They are excellent about refilling drinks and making sure you are enjoying your meal, but they also find that perfect line between being helpful and not hovering.  Ronnie (the owner) has great taste in employees, and has almost no turnover.  Almost all of the wait staff has been there since I started going there nearly 10 years ago.  My only caution about this place is to be careful.  Once you have eaten here a few times, it can become an addiction.  I'm pretty sure they put crack in their food to make you crave it more.  :)
4	The greeting at the front door is warm and inviting.  I love how they change the window paintings periodically.  The wait can be long, so come a bit earlier.  The decor is greasy-spponish, but everything seems clean.  There's so much on the menu, that you can find something you like.  Avoid the steak and eggs.  Chicken and waffles are very good.  Egg white omelettes excellent...in fact everything here is pretty solid.  Kids love the strawberry waffles, the s'mores pancakes (seriously, which kid wouldn't).  The regular coffee is good, but the coffee press is worth looking like a nouveau french pretentious wannabe intellectual.  Yep, it's that good.  Again, a good place to start the day.
3	I wrote a review about a month and a half ago for this restaurant. We had a disappointing experience. The Owner of the restaurant read my review and wasn't happy, so she invited us back for complimentary lunch or breakfast to try and make up for the experience I had. That is excellent customer service and really shows they care about the experience of their customers. We came back and the experience was better. We both ordered something different this time. I had the Wild West Burger and she had the French Toast. The burger was cooked as I liked it at. The chili that came with it was good. I tried the french toast and it was cooked great!Here's what I've found in my two experiences here: They have a wonderful staff who are friendly and seem dedicated to customer service. The food is cooked very well. Everything is cooked exactly how it should be. But my problem is the food does not wow me. There isn't any thing unique or special about it. The food isn't bad, it's just not something worth 4 or 5 stars.
3	I would go back.Reminds me of a mom n pop stop.  People were friendly, service was pretty good.  The food wasn't anything to write home about but I did enjoy my meal.  I liked the casual setting and it's in a convenient complex with plenty of parking.
4	Solid service, solid food.  Excellent breakfast spot.
5	Great breakfast, huge menu
4	Had the Denver omelette and it was very tasty! Coffee was great, service was good, overall good experience.
4	Have been going here for...  hmm probably 10 years.  I live around the corner and I love this breakfast spot.  Service is good, prices are reasonable, food is tasty.  They also deal REALLY well with specialty orders to the point where they know..  eggs benedict, dry english muffin, sauce on the side, fruit instead of potatoes lol.
5	This place is great. The people who work there are super sweet and the food is awesome! Defiantly try the pot of bread it delicious.
5	I went here for the first time today and the food was incredible. Had a Denver omelet with hash browns and home made cinnimon roll. It was a little pricey but the food was worth it to me. I would definitely go again and try the flavored pancakes, they looked amazing
4	Yummy food!  Homemade chicken soup and bread bowls!  Great local place for breakfast or lunch!
4	Cant go wrong with this place, very creative menu and super delicious.
5	I have been missing out! The pot of bread is reason enough to keep coming back. My omelet & home fries were delicious! Service was quick and the waitresses were friendly. I'll definitely be back!
3	A - OK pretty much sums it up.  I had a grilled cheese so it wasn't too hard to mess up.  Service at our table was good, but the hostess seemed a little rude.  We called ahead and they said there was no line, when we arrived 5 minutes later there were probably 5 or 6 parties waiting.  Could it have been bad timing and all of us arrived at once?  Possible, but unlikely.  We got a free pot of bread with our Yelp checkin but I wasn't too impressed with that either...  it's bread.  Am I missing why this is such a novel thing?
3	Decent food at a decent price. Friendly staff who remember you is always a plus.
4	Amazing had the sandys omelette, french press coffee, and sweet potato fries. Friendly great service and delicious food...large servings at a reasonable price.Definitely will return!
4	The food was very good! Loved the Pot of Bread and Sandy Omelet!! The coffee was a bit of a bummer, watered down. The service was fabulous and prices were reasonable. We will definitely go back!
5	This place was great. Food was delicious, pot of bread was very cool concept. I liked the cinnamon raisin plus the strawberry lemonade bread. I would for sure go here again to eat. Loved the atmosphere and the waiter was super nice too.
5	Amazing!!! Food is great, they were busy but food came out fast and was delicious!!! Donna was our server she was amazing!!! So helpful and always checking on us drinks were never empty!
4	I have looked worse, I think, at some point in my life, but I figure the fact that I appear homeless with a meth yearning us why I was greeted skeptically. They were nice, just a little concerned. Lol. But I was seated, and coffeed, and treated very nicely. The Blast was really good, just enough of everything to make the glaciers shine. The homemade potato chips were crispy and came in an adorable fry basket. Heh. Classier than a Denny's but still comfortable, clean, not too loud. Coffee cup always full, and a little creamer pitcher was a nice touch. Warning! They have some awesome sounding pancakes, if you're on a diet and not feeling strong this may not ge a good place! I will be back. Oh yes. I will.
4	Breakfast joints tend to disappoint me, but not Jamms. The service was great. I felt like i was being served by clones of my mom. You know how that is. Food was good and reasonably priced.
5	Jamms is a great breakfast place.  I found them on Yelp a few years ago and now everytime we come to Vegas, we make it a point to have breakfast here.  I love the pot of bread (use Yelp and you can get a free pot) and the french pressed coffee.  I had never had it before, but always will now.  We haven't tried their lunches yet, but will need to do that on our next trip.  Jamms is a great local place.  I get so tired of the chain restaurants and fighting the traffic on the Strip.  Get in your car and take a short drive to Jamms.  You'll be glad you did.
4	I thought Jamms was a nice restaurant. I would suggest ordering their in house items. I got the pancakes and eggs, they were good, but nothing superb, but my boyfriend ordered the french toast and bacon which was incredibly yummy! The service was quick and friendly and I would definitely recommend it!
4	Not bad for a breakfast place. Very friendly staff.
5	Delicious, tasty and filling breakfast served by the nicest people in a warm and friendly environment.  The potted bread is OUTSTANDING and addictive (try the specials). I had the nutella with strawberry swirl and it was like eating a little piece of Heaven right there and then!  Excellent coffee, good country gravy, unique and delicious omelettes, and fresh fruit.  Jamms is one of my favorite spots in Vegas for the "Power Breakfast Meeting" with my cohorts.
4	Came here with the wife on a Wednesday afternoon about 1 o'clock.  Read some great reviews on Yelp, so we thought we would try it.  We really wanted some breakfast.  The wife ordered the rueben Benedict.  The hollandaise sauce was okay, fake tasting.  The corned beef was awesome.  You could tell that they made it in house.  They overcooked her eggs and we had to ask for new ones.  The hashbrowns were crispy and good.  I ordered their Jamms omelet.  It was stuffed with thinly sliced roast beef that was crisped on the grill with grilled mushrooms, onions and cheddar cheese.  This was all topped with a homemade bearnaise.  It was fabulous. It all went perfectly together and I loved the crispy beef.  I also ordered their pot of bread.  It had a crunchy outside and a soft inside.  Very good. We will return and when I do I will be ordering something with that wonderful corned beef.
5	We loved this place!  Everything on our table was hot, tasty, and exactly as ordered.   We loved Shirley too!
3	I have heard here and there about this restaurant from various acquaintances and thought I would give it a try (after my grandmother got us lost looking for it the first time, as she was adamant about it being located farther on down Rainbow).Their menu was extensive and I REALLY wanted to try their waffles or french toast, but ended up ordering their chicken fried steak. I had my choice between potato dishes (hash browns, sweet potato fries, potato salad or regular french fries) and bread dishes (regular toast, English muffin or their signature pot o' bread). Once I received my plate and ate, the meal was no better than what I could get at my local Denny's.I was impressed with their homey atmosphere, the smell of roasting coffee, cooking food and all around enthusiastic attitude. If anything, I would go back just to be coddled and given all the attention I deserve from the waiters and waitresses eager to serve me.Though my first time wasn't brilliant, I will be sure to order something from their original stash instead of typical breakfast fair.(Want a perk? Ask for a to-go cup -- they'll top you off before you leave the restaurant.)
4	Drove out of my way to eat breakfast here based on friend's recommendation. Glad I did. Service was outstanding - fast and extremely friendly and attentive. Great coffee, very good food.
5	Best breakfast ever!!  Shirley made us laugh and had great recommendations. If you're close, don't miss this little gem.
4	My good friend and Muse said we were doing to Jamms. Jamms?  Okay...it's a cool name. I had no idea what to expect.  "Just please don't take me to any hoodrat establishments, bet?"I've NEVER done much of anything off the strip in Vegas..and so with me now having a good friend who lives there...anyway...She took me to Jamms and it was the funk!I had the Signature (steak) omelet, and french toast made with CORN FLAKE BATTER. Whaaaat???She had the Country Skillett and an order of the Pot-O-Bread. (She was sweet enough to get me one to go). GOOD STUFF.!!! It's like a little..pot..of...sweet bread (blueberry, cinnamon)...If you're ever in Vegas, you'll have plenty of nice buffet eating (Bellagiio, MGM Grand...)...but if you wanna venture off the strip...go to Jamms.Jamms is the funk!
5	We jammin! The cornbeef hash is the bomb, boom!The staff is very attentive. I love the irish skillet with my eggs over medium. Tony really knows how to cook an egg to perfection. The egg white omletes are awsm too. The coffee is strong, and the french press is even stronger. If you like that classic cream taste in your coffee ask for half and half, or they will bring you milk. All around great breakfast joint. Try it a couple times, then a couple more. Shirley,Maria,Kathy,John, and Albert were great all the times we went. cheers!
3	We ate here in February and we all enjoyed our food. We all ordered omelets this time and were disappointed. The egg was fully cooked with the ingredients stuck in the middle and the Denver omelette had more cheese than egg! Too much.
4	Would have been 5 again, but we wanted to start eating, and instead have to stand around. Star loss.The Pot of Braad was a vivacious disappointment. Kind of Pillsbury Rolls with a sprinkle of brown sugar, no Peanut Butter flavor at all. They waited to bring it WITH our French Toast. Huh?
4	we've been to Jamms twice in the last 2 weeks. they are right by our house and perfect for our "lazy Mondays" when we don't feel like cooking. they present themselves with a Paris-cafe-esque feel. its cozy & comfortable.my hubby & i have plant-based diets, and although the vegan-options are few, we still love enjoying a vegetarian meal here. their bread-pots are delicious and we've enjoyed all food items we've ordered. the waitresses seem to commit to the Jamms claim "enter as strangers, leave as friends". we've had great servers & all great interactions w/ the staff. we always feel welcome and valued.
4	Tasty breakfast options and friendly staff. I usually get the two eggs and bacon deal with a side of fruit. It's a great breakfast every time. The omelets are good. The Jamm's breakfast sandwich is a bit like a buttery grilled cheese sandwich, with the addition of some eggs and ham, which is a fine thing in my book. I got the eggs benedict once and it was just ok, I probably wouldn't recommend that one as anything special though. The pots of bread are fun, I really liked the peanut butter one I had last time. This place is one of the few joints in town that's on my regular breakfast rotation.
5	The service is really good, they're on top of it. The menu selection is huge and breakfast is served all day. My favorite is the pot of bread and the constant new flavors. For instance, they have eggnog pot of bread for the Holidays and its divine! I come here at least once a week.
1	Service was good, food was nothing like I expected. Yet again the great reviews on Yelp failed me. Not worth going back to.
5	Very good! We had breakfast everything hot and yummy, even the syrup, For my french toast that was nice with vanilla and just the right amount of pieces (4). Bacon thin sliced and not over cooked, perfect~   Coffee is in a generous mug and they are asking for refills promptly.   All servers and staff quite friendly. The pot of bread a nice option and 1 is definatly  enough for 2 people.   We live in Henderson so this was a bit far for us, but it was with the drive and if we are on the area would surly return.
5	One of my favorite breakfast spots. My favorite waitress is Shirley...she's full of life, very friendly, happy and a great waitress. I'm a regular here :)
5	***Local Vegas Breakfast Spot***#LocalFlavorThere is a basket of Juicy Fruit and Big Red Stick gums at the hostess counter to sweeten up your taste buds before or after breakfast because guess what? I did pick up a stick or two to chew on while waiting about 20 minutes before and another stick after an awesome meal.I've ordered their Irish Skillet which consist of corn beef hash, bell peppers, onions, potatoes scrambled with eggs and melted cheddar cheese, it didn't disappoint! I know a good skillet meal when I try one when it all just melts in my mouth, but hey the potatoes on these were not dry but almost light as butter, the scramble mesh well the all the toppings that made it a hearty meal for me. Addition to the experience my wife's Ruben Benedict was delicious! English muffin topped with corned beef, two poached eggs covered with hollandaise sauce? whats in that sauce?! it was creamy and it added some flavor, the corned beef was sizzlin'! and I love corned beef!No coffee this time! but I've ordered the specialty Mexican Cinnamon Hot Chocolate/no whip cream which was good it's almost a horchata, just not as sweet. On the side, I recommend giving their Bacon Ranch Pot of Bread a try! It's a small bread with bacon bits pouched inside with butter spread, very tasty along with the softness core to bite in.The ambience inside is like one of those old school diners with spacious booth seating and of course awesome service. Our server reminds me of some lady in the Simpsons because she had that friendly lovely voice.I highly recommend this spot to do away classy Vegas eats for breakfast time.
4	I think I may have a front runner in the quest for the ultimate chicken fried steak. Our Friday morning Breakfast Club chose Jamms for this week's get together and what a good choice it was. We were greeted with a smile and were soon sitting at a table with hot, fresh coffee in front of us. After checking in on Yelp, I was pleased to find out I had secured a free pan of bread. I selected cinnamon raisin. The cream cheese icing was the perfect compliment to this little loaf of love.As the rest of the club looked through the menu, I enjoyed my bread knowing that I had my mind made up. Of couse it was CFS, but I still needed to decide "hash browns or home fries?" I opted for home fries. The CFS comes with three eggs, choice of potatoe and a little loaf of love. I think I may have grabbed someone's by mistake, as I had three. There was so much food on the table I don't think anyone noticed.This was in no way a low carb encounter. The chicken fried steak was lightly breaded and so tender, no knife was necessary. The steak was smaller compared to the portion size of some others, but leads the way when it comes to texture and flavor.The gravy, although not the best in town, was abundant and mighty tasty.The staff was friendly and efficient and the coffee cups were never empty. Two of the group got the skillet breakfast and one opted for bisquits and gravy, all of which looked scrumptious. I give the whole experience and the chicken fried steak four stars. I would say in the overall scheme of things, Jamms has definitely taken the lead in my quest for the ultimate chicken fried steak. Stay tuned as the quest continues.
5	The girlfriend and I where in vegas for a small vacation, and while we where in town we wanted to get off the strip. So hit up some friends, and they said we had to try Jamms out. And so we did. Well worth it. In a strip mall, and perfect size. Also very popular! So recommended times to show up, try around 8:30, after 9 you have a 15 min wait. which is well worth it. The decor is fun and light. The staff is incredibly nice, which was awesome. The menu has a lot to chose from, which can be hard to chose from. LOL.. I got the chicken freid steak, which was delicious, and the girlfriend got the multi grain pancakes, which where awesome, I had a few bites and was hooked. The second time we went there I ordered the jamms french toast, which is french toast covered in con flakes, it was awesome.. The girlfriend loved the multi grain pancakes so much, she got that again. Fresh coffee, and the staff was on top of refilling the cups non stop. Bottom line, its the local spot for breakfast. So if youre looking for a pretty cheap and quick breakfast, hit up Jamms!!!
5	Jamms has the best chicken soup in the world!  : )  The owners are extremely friendly and so are the waitresses.  They always remember that i drink ice tea with extra lemon and always go the extra mile!
5	Best corned beef hash I've ever tasted! Even the English muffins were amazing! Also had the pumpkin cream cheese pot of bread which was also really good. Service was amazing! Definitely want to come back to try more dishes.
4	I thoroughly enjoyed the great good and huge portions at this great breakfast restaurant.  The omelets are large with a lot of different varieties, as well as the pancakes and French toast.  The Jamms French toast was good, but also not as flavorful as I would have liked.  But I would come back several more times to try all of the other types of pancakes and French toast they have on the menu.
5	My  adult daughter and niece, mother in law, wife and I ate here while in Vegas.  Well worth the drive away from the strip.  Excellent food And service, full of locals.  Try the bread bowls.  Everyone  left full and happy while saying only good things  about this gem
5	Chose this restaurant for Sunday breakfast based on other Yelp reviews.  Was not disappointed.  Excellent, reasonably priced food.  Friendly, attentive service.  Sticks of gum at the register are a nice touch.
5	No matter how hard I try to behave when I go eat at Jamms, I just can't seem to do it! The biscuits and gravy never fail me! And today I had not one, but two, of the famed pots of bread. I chose to sample the Cinnamon Raisin pot and the Pumpkin pots today. Topping the bread with the scrumptious cream cheese frosting made me weak in the knees. Jamms KNOWS breakfast!!
4	Good reliable breakfast joint.
2	Rudest hostesses...ever. Waitress was great, but the food was pretty standard diner fare. We tried one of the pot o' bread, two different benedict dishes and the kiddos split the french toast. Overall disappointing and not at all worth the wait.
5	My girlfriend and I have been here a few times and everything is great here. Last time I went I got the s'mores French toast and it was awesome. Also customer service here is excellent especially the busboy who gets u drinks, he was great.
5	Had breakfast with my wife. Had Joe s omelet was grestI hssd the breakfast burrito. Devyn was great!!!!!!!!
4	It's breakfast....it's Vegas....we needed to get away from the buffet and wanted to try someplace different and our hotel concierge suggested Jamms.  When we arrived, the line in front of the door indicated that the same advice was probably given to every other visitor to Vegas.  We waited about 20 minutes, and finally got a seat.  Mind you, Hubby is grumbling and complaining that this breakfast better be worth it - no rendition of eggs and breakfast meat can be worth waiting 20 minutes....Jamms is worth it!  I ordered the Ruben omelet and Hubby had Signature omelet.  Eggs were very fluffy (told they get it from a local farm), and the portions were very generous.  Of course, can't get past the review without commenting on the great house potatotes.  Crispy and seasoned (a bit peppery) but great side to the omelet.  Wish I had ordered the biscuit and gravy...looked so good.  Will have to leave it to another visit.
3	Decent food is served here at affordable prices.  We came during the middle of the week for breakfast after reading so many positive reviews.  Was looking forward to trying one of their pots of bread that we read so much about.We came at a good time because we had no wait at all.  The restaurant was about half full.  Our server was terrific, friendly, attentive, and fast.  There are many choices on the menu.  We were getting confused because everything sounded so good.  I finally decided on Jamm's French Toast.  My wife ordered an omelet.So, what did I think of the food?  Overall, it was okay.  Maybe, we did not order the best food off the menu.  Would I come here again?  Probably not.  There are so many breakfast places yet for us to try in Las Vegas.
4	We enjoyed a delicious breakfast here.  Loved the fresh-baked cinnamon bread!  Service was great.
4	Great down-home diner. We stopped by here before our car ride back to LA. I had the Sandy (?) omelette which had a avocado in it. Very tasty. I think the sweet part of breakfast was also really really good. Service was friendly and the wait was not very long.
5	Great price, good food. A little off the strip but well worth the drive if you have a car. Its a local place. Only problem is many people know how good it is so it stays pretty busy. Our wait wasn't that long though for me and my three kids.
5	Soooo good. I've had their Rueben Omelet and the Rueben Benny. Both were VERY good.
4	Worht seeking out for sure.Eggs benedicts if really good.Service is fast and friendy.Make the drive from the stip you wont be sorry.
4	This breakfast and lunch spot is a regular when i'm home in Vegas. The staff is fun and the food is plentiful...if your in the area make the stop and enjoy!
5	Met my buddy here for breakfast, recommended by him. I have to say I was very impressed.  He said anyrhing I order will be good. So I go for the country fried steak. It was simply scrumptious.  Then the hash browns. Oh my, cooked perfect. It's one of my indicators to knowing a good cook in the kitchen. Also hanb the bread in the pan. This is one of their specialties. Great stuff. Needless to say this will be another one of my must stop places while in Las Vegas and will be bringing all who come.
5	Excellent breakfast spot. Pot of breads are awesome (they are really just breads baked in cupcake size). Had an omelette, customized however you like. Huge portions, friendly service, and quality food!
5	This place was great, my brother brought us there for breakfast and it was excellent!
5	Service was great- food was great - wife got the corn flake french toast & is probably the best i've ever had- I got the steak omelet & it was good as well- the icing for the bread bowl was great not to sweet - We will be back
5	Excellent breakfast foods with good company. The place was packed so we did some quick shopping nearby. Ate our free pot of gingerbread bread, eggs bene on a waffle, and a straight-up waffle with some powdered sug for the lady. No complaints!
5	Wow. Awesome breakfast, fresh hot very tasty. I think this place is better then Peppermill or hash go go. The service was outstanding.
2	Decent food but nothing special. The corn flake crusted french toast was OK but again, nothing special. I had the Irish skillet and was underwhelmed.
4	We had a fantastic time at Jamm's! The food was excellent (we had breakfast) and the service was very attentive without being overbearing. I recommend you go for a small portion if you eat the smores pancakes- our friend, who can eat - could barely eat 1.5 pancakes. We also enjoyed the "pot" of bread which was very fluffy and light; we had the cinnamon raisin version.
3	We waited a long time to get a table, food was good, service was good and the people were nice.  Overall it was a average breakfast place.  We will go back.
2	I wasn't too impressed. The eggs didn't seem to be scrambled fresh. Likely bladder eggs. We went to Mr. Mama's the day before it was excellent. Highly recommend there instead.
5	My son and I are huge fans of biscuits and gravy. We have been on a mission to find "edible" B&G in Vegas. Loved Black Bear Dinner but the last 2x we ate there we found black hairs in our food...twice!! So never going back there again!!!Now for Jamms...waited 30 mins not too bad. Service was incredible!!!! Never had an empty glass and she brought my son their famous pot of bread at no charge. Food was very good...still haven't found B&G like they make in the south but Jamms is pretty close. Will definitely be back!!
4	I come here every now and again with my dad. It's around the corner from where I live, but rather than just the convenience I come for the food. It's not super fancy, but everything always tastes good and fills you up. The staff is always nice and friendly, and they will continue to refill your coffee or water until you tell them to quit. They seem really helpful with food suggestions too, from what I've overheard. Had Joe's Omelet today, less the mushrooms which the waitress agreed with me was a wise move lol.
5	Nothing bad to say. Have your group ready to be seated when you get there. Food choices are outstanding. Quality is superior, service quick and friendly. Portions great, hot, fresh. Priced RIGHT!!! Many regulars there each visit & they know all the friendly staff. Won't go anywhere else now for breakfast! Hostess Devyn is the best!Hated The Griddle :-(
4	We came in on a Tuesday morning around 11 and the place was already hoppin'. We waited for a few minutes by the counter - they have a couple benches there and it's a quick turnaround. Shannon (Shay) was our server, she was incredibly nice and very attentive. I ordered the corned beef hash ($6 side, $2.75 coffee) and loved both - 5 stars. I mixed the seasoned salt and mild Tabasco together (both on the tables) and had the saltiest, corned beefiest, hashiest breakfast ever. So good, and so unassuming of a menu item. The omelettes get much more play.My bf ordered an omelette, and I thought the steak was pretty dry (losing a star), but it had a ton of cheddar on it. The hash browns are definitely made in-house and are delicious - I recommend pairing them with the hash. :-) Very cozy atmosphere that gets busy, but is an excellent spot for families. I also like that they give out free gum at the counter. I saw a lot of grandmas today, and they all looked pretty stoked. Free "Pot of Bread" with check-in. Give em' a try!
5	Wow. this breakfast based restaurant is by far my favorite in the whole valley. Luckily it's right by where I go to school, so I come in here for a quick bite in between classes often. While this place is practically always packed, it's worth the wait. Usually the staff is working very proficiently and the wait isn't even that long. The breakfast food is very good, and they have a few vegetarian options. The pumpkin pancakes were my favorite when they were in season, but there's plenty other crazy combinations to choose from. The eggs benedict is usually what I get and the sauce is awesome. Yeah, awesome sauce.
4	Nice place to get breakfast away from the strip. Great pancakes and eggs. Although, I thought the coffee was a bit watery and weak. Would like to go back and try the french toast.
5	I love breakfast food!  This place is amazing and looks to have been around for a long time!  I think it's a hidden jem!  Took family here to eat breakfast once and now everytime they visit, we have to go to Jamm's at least once...even their friends came here on a recommendation!  The omelettes are huge and so the the pancakes.  They both taste great also!  They are even able to do egg subsitute upon request!  They offer sides with the main breakfast items and I recommend the "pot-of-Bread".  It's soooooo good!  They always have cinnamon raisin and plain...but they also have their "special" which ranges from jalapeno chedder to s'mores!  All of it is great!Price is reasonable, wait is reasonable, wait staff and hostess are always happy and helpful!Give it a try if you're ever on that side of town!
3	Not exactly sure what all the hype about...or maybe these people have just been breakfast deprived...but this place was just OK. I have had a lot better elsewhere and was kind of disappointed. The pot of bread (that everyone raved about) wasnt that great..and no one in our group of 12 really liked it. I got the corned beef benedict. It was alright. I think there was some kind of skillet that was the only thing everyone actually liked. However, the Service was great though
2	The Little Foodie and me were finally up early enough to eat Breakfast!  When we arrived, I figured I would go with the tried and true breakfast classics, but I was told about the brand new Chicken & Waffles!  Seriously, the day I went I was told they were added to the menu...so how could I pass that up??Well I should have done that...passed them up.Chicken and Waffles ($10). This was very disappointing! The waffle was good, but nothing out of the ordinary. There were only two pieces of what seemed like frozen chicken fingers, overcooked and bland. Pass! Yes, I know they aren't a Soul Food kind of place, so my expectations weren't too high, but looking at all the other positive reviews, as well as all the personal recommendations (the reason I was there in the first place), I was underwhelmed.I'm sure I will be back to try the traditional breakfast items, and I foresee a much more positive visit than the last.
4	Nothing fancy or pretentious, which is exactly what they seem to want. Just good food, reasonably priced, and friendly attentive service. If you're looking for more then that, go to the Strip
5	I never let the fact a restaurant in Vegas is in a strip mall bother me, because inevitably they wind up being great and Jamm's is no exception. We came based on the Yelp reviews and had to leave one for others.The free pot of bread you get with a Yelp check-in is awesome, we had the cinnamon raisin variety and were pleasantly surprised at how much lighter and fluffier it was than your regular cinnamon roll. We had omelets with home fries and it was very filling.Service was friendly and fast, good value.
4	Great food and service! Place is small but comfortable. As soon as we sat down we had someone come to us for drinks. I will definitely go back to try some of the other menu choices.
3	Items ordered:CoffeeNutella Almond Pot of BreadRed Velvet PancakeS'mores PancakeMcBeth - French Toast, Ham, Turkey, SwissGritsAnother long-term fixture of the local food scene, and one I'd unknowingly been driving by twice daily every Thursday and Friday since relocating to Las Vegas, Jamms Restaurant quickly earned a spot on the 'to-visit' list when my server at Mary's Hash House mentioned the quaint local eatery as another "great place" serving up home-style breakfasts at a fair price - a 7am opening perfect for another Saturday of dining.  Nondescript from the exterior but cozy and kitsch inside as a friendly staff bounced between tables with endless refills of coffee from Illy at a mere $2.75 it was to a diverse menu and a hot, yeasty 'pot of bread' slathered with Nutella and toasted almonds that I arrived and after perusing the menu at length an order was placed, a server named Shirley warning me that it would be "a lot of food," but failing to inform me of noted upcharges of $2 for a single Red Velvet Pancake and $1.25 for grits in place of potatoes.  Jovial in spirit with tunes ranging from Sinatra to Madonna playing overhead it was perhaps a ten minute wait after the bread that the rest of my meal arrived and with each item larger than expected in size it was indeed a substantial breakfast with only the cocoa-less Red Velvet failing to impress...the flavor merely that of a decent buttermilk pancake gussied up with $2 in dye.  Speaking to the rest, suffice it to say that it would be hard to mess up something as decadent as the signature "S'Mores" with ample chocolate chips and chocolate syrup finding balance in bold buttermilk, marshmallows, plus a dollop of whipped cream and yet as good as the pancake was, the un-fried riff on the Monte Cristo easily stole the show as golden Texas Toast dipped in custard housed Ham, Turkey, and Swiss of good quality and quantity, all just waiting for a sweet gilding of maple syrup to make flavors pop.  Never one to quibble prices but a firm believer that upcharges should always be disclosed Jamms strikes me as a good-enough place in a city with plenty of similar options; a bit better than some and a bit worse than others...the sort of place I'm sure to revisit at some point for the Waffle Sundae or the Stuffed French Toast, but not before investigating other family owned spots or before second visits to Blueberry Hill, Hash House, Egg & I, or Baby Stacks.
5	A really good, of the strip place for breakfast.  I've found there's not a lot of places to grab breakfast on the strip, unless you're talking a buffet. Too many people still asleep I guess. But if you stay off the strip and are looking for a non-cookie cutter restaurant Jamms is it.I had the eggs Benedict, which was perfect, and my girlfriend had the steak and eggs. We split a strawberries  and cream pot of bread which is really a must if you go here. Service was friendly and fast. Prices were reasonable. We'll definitely come back on our next Vegas trip. Highly recommended.
1	We went on the 8th, around 10am. Not to busy, waited about 5 minutes for a table. Thought we scored. Wrong! We were seated and the buser came over and took our drink order. And that was that! 20 minutes later without a server ever coming by our table, we paid for our drinks and left. So I can't review the food. Service sucked.  Doubt will go back there again, especially since we went out of our way to go there, only to be ingored.
5	Awesome little breakfast place. My boyfriend and I decided to give this place a go on a Wednesday morning. I got an omelet with bacon, cheese and avocado with a side of hollandaise sauce. Reminds me a of cute little diner.
3	I'm a fan of their food, just not a fan of the slow service. When I first moved out here, Jamms was our go to breakfast/brunch because my boss loved this place.  At the time, we loved it too because we knew that our breakfast or brunch would take at least an hour of our work day.  The wait and the service usually takes awhile.  On my last visit, the wait was better and the our food came out faster.  But it still took a while, in my opinion.  As for their food, there's a big selection of your typical breakfast items.  Price is actually pretty good and taste is not too bad.  My Past Orders:-Jamms Signature Omelet:  This is the king of all omelets here.  Steak and mushrooms dominate this omelet.  This is all you need because you are definitely stuffed after eating this one. -Chicken Fried Steak & Eggs:  Actually my favorite dish here.  Their chicken fried steak is tender and the batter is not too heavy.  Portions are huge as well. -Jamms French Toast:  Their french toast has a different look to them. I always thought that they were over-cooked, but they're not.  The french toast is crispy on the outside and after it's drenched in syrup, soft in the inside.  My second favorite.-Steak & Eggs:  I had this on my most recent visit and can only say...stick with your favorites.  The steak had no taste and was a bit too dry.  I felt like I was eating cardboard.  But then again, stick with your favorites when you come here.  Overall, Jamms is just okay.  With all the other breakfast joints in our beautiful city, it's tough to say that Jamms ranks above them all.  But if you're looking for a decent breakfast with a lot of options, Jamms is the way to go. YELP PERSONAL CHALLENGE - (056/366)
2	This is our second time here and the food is great so we came back for seconds. However this time a girl in a red shirt greeted our table, brought drinks and we sat for about 5 to 10min in an empty restaurant. We flagged the girl in the red shirt from across the room (signaling we would like some kind of service) she just pointed to the front of the restaurant at our server. She could have easily walked over and let her know. Such a rude way to carrying on business especially since she was just standing there.
4	The wait is crazy, 20-30 minutes (went on a Sunday). I was on Yelp looking at breakfast places and this is one place we were excited to try. It was worth the wait, I'll tell you that.Great customer service and the food was great! Don't want to leave a full review because I know I'm going to be coming back here. Will return whenever I'm in town.
5	The food was excellent the eggs are cook to perfection. The customer services is awesome very friendly services. Overall great services and food.
3	I didn't think our meal here was fantastic or terrible. It was just okay. My hubby thought the sausage gravy was a bit flat.  Other than that, it was just your standard diner breakfast. The pot of bread was probably the best thing about it.  Service was good.
5	Damn, I LOVE Jamms!!!! I am JUST finding out about this place. I am going to keep taking people until I have to go alone! PROS: *Jamms Signature Omlet - steak, cheese, fresh mushrooms topped with              bernaise sauce. ( I substituted egg whites).             Hamsteak - sweet and savory             Pot bread - Party in a tin pan!!!             Family owned AND operated
5	A great place for breakfast!I've had a couple different things on the menu and it was all great. The restaurant is pretty outdated and really needs a renovation, but that won't keep me from coming here.
5	The best place to eat breakfast. We eat here several times a week and are never disappointed.
4	Don't let the outside appearance keep you from giving Jamms a try. Very pleasant interior and friendly fast service. The Waffle Benedict was heavy but tasty. Terra worked hard to make sure everything was to our satisfaction!
5	I love this place for breakfast! Nothing fancy. Just a good neighborhood joint that never lets you down. Super friendly staff, great service, excellent food. They only do breakfast and lunch. Haven't tried lunch here yet, but it's sure to happen.
4	Went in on a Saturday around noon. We were seated immediately. Waitress was great. Food was great. Very casual atmosphere. Not for the snooty. Overall a great place to bring the family to breakfast. Will definately be back!!
5	Just visited Jamm's. Great breakfast stop for our family of six.  Everyone enjoyed their meals and we are stuffed!!!  Friendly fast service. Great location off the strip and on our way to Red Rock Canyon. :-)
5	Thankfully there are still some old school breakfast houses still left that are not chains. Jamms is one of these, and is my favorite place to get breakfast in between class or whenever I have a craving for a pot of bread.They have a great menu, and decent prices (averaging 20$ for two people). It can get busy depending on the times, and it does close early for Vegas time. I have never had slow service or a bad server, in fact, they get me in and out very quickly so I never worry. They have a great selection of omelettes and pancakes (Smores are the best) and they have a special Pot of Bread every now and then. So far I have tried the Pumpkin with cream cheese and the chocolate brownie with marshmallow, both were amazing but the brownie one was the best.
5	The food is super good !!! My two favs are the corned beef hash and eggs !! The best in town ..no one comes close ... And the country skillet... if ur running on empty this will fill u up !!! The service is great !!! my favorite part is just hearing Shirley's laugh...makes my day !!! Well worth the wait... because this place gets busy ..
5	Great breakfast at the right price! Definitely want to come back and I live in north Las Vegas!
4	I really enjoyed Jamm's! We used a yelp check in offer for some delicious free bread too! Ate a fantastic breakfast after a 15 minute wait on a Saturday morning that left everyone stuffed to the gills, whether was waffles, pancakes or eggs. Portions are enormous and service was friendly and relatively quick!
5	The food was decent, but the customer service was off the chain. Super nice people. That is why I gave this place 5 stars!
4	Solid experience, a mom and pop style breakfast place. Not the best breakfast I've ever had but also not the worst, everything was good, friendly staff as well.
5	Jamms is one of the first restaurants our family found when we officially moved to Vegas. OMG this place is amazing. Their pot breads are absolutely to die for, and their service is the BEST! They are busy, busy, busy but they can keep up with it; the servers are absolutely on top of it and sweet to boot. Our food has always been fresh and delicious and we have loved everything we've tried. Our two year old loves coming here too; they give her a bucket of crayons and coloring pages and she's set. Great family atmosphere! We love this place!!
1	I use to go to Jamm's a lot before I moved out of Las Vegas. I was in town with some friends, one local and one from the Midwest. I remember how good it was and how much I liked it. So I recommend that we go here for breakfast. I asked the waitress if I could order of the child's menu because I have gone through oral cancer and do not eat that much. She goes yes you can, we also have all our omelets at a senior size. (Which is half the size) I told her that would be great. So I order the omelette with sun dried tomatoes, green onions and cream cheese. It came out half the size of a full order, the sun dried tomatoes was super dried out. I have had them there before and they have been soft and easy to eat. Then here comes the ticket shock, you would think that you get a senior size the price would be less for half the size. WRONG IT STILL CHARGE FULL PRICE. I brought this up and was told it a smaller size but you still charge full price. We brought this up with the cashier, she was like oh well. If this how they treat people that is not right. They have lost me has a customer and I will not be back. I will tell all my Vegas friends not to eat here.
5	Very friendly and attentive staff. Had French toast combo that was great! Pot of bread was tasty!
5	In the summerlin area and was tired of all the stuff we tried before.  We frequent bagel cafe, egg works, cracked egg, and the alike, so we wanted to try something different.  We found Jamms on yelp, so wet gave it a shot. Firstly this place has a great "breakfast" feel, friendly staff, and the traditional specials dry erase board.  My gf had the jamms breakfast sandwich w home fries, and I had the corned beef hash, and we shared their special cinnamon "pot bread", everything was flavorful (not too seasoned) and most importantly fresh. Everything you would want in a breakfast spot. We will def be coming back.
2	I came here for brunch with my mother and grandmother the other day and the food was subpar at best. I got the chef salad with honey mustard dressing and it had a weird bitter aftertaste. I honestly thought they gave me dijon mustard instead of honey mustard. It ended up being the actual salad itself. My mother got the cuban panini and the pulled pork on the sandwich not only tasted weird, it had a weird/bad smell to it as well. The only person who got a decent meal was my grandmother who got the basic bacon and eggs breakfast. In all honesty, I probably wouldn't come back here because it was so off. The server, however, was quite nice. I can't seem to recall her name but she was very friendly and we never went with an empty cup. Always a plus :)
4	Been going to Jamms for almost a year now, and I love it more every time we go.Friendly staff, great service even when they're packed. Food is really good.Omelets are gigantic and tasty, and Eggs-florentine is really good.I love, love their pots of bread. They always have regular and cinnamon-raisin and they feature a different 3rd option weekly, today was lemon-lime. Last week was orange-cream. Delicious. And they always have a consistently great cup of coffee.It's a comfortable, family-feeling environment, great people and great food.
5	I got the corned beef hash, it was good...very good; and you I got a free raisin pot-o-bread just for checking in on yelp!  So worth it!
4	I've been going to jamms since before I can remember, and I mean how can you go wrong with piping hot mini loafs of fluffy perfect carbs rising out of cute little tin pots!They always have the white and cinnamon pot of breads and monthly they change the third flavor this time we had chocolate chip banana! This place is consistently good, and the people are always nice. I Usually have an omelet provencal and joe's omelet are my fave :)
3	The food was great ...once we sat down. Make sure your whole party is there when you request a table. If you say a table you better have 3 present or you have to wait until they get there before you get seated. Frenchtoast was perfect, the best I had in a while. Eggs cooked to perfection and huge fluffy pancakes. The country fried steak was reminiscent of that served in my school cafeteria, terrible. Biscuits were perfect and the gravy was pretty good. I would go back but never have the country fried steak again. Our waitress was great
4	Trying out a new breakfast spot in town was a good choice. Although this is in a shady neighborhood, don't judge a book by it's cover. What's inside is what counts. There was a short wait but as we were there I notice the wait got longer and there was a steady flow of customers coming in. I also noticed waitresses that spoke to customers by name, telling me there are regulars here. Those were all good signs to start. I got the veggie omelette which is my go to breakfast item of choice. This omelette really impressed me with large chunks of vegetables. They also cooked the onion and bell pepper prior to putting it in the omelette. I really liked this extra step and appreciated it. Having ordered this at many different restaurants, I can say that this was above the rest when it comes to giving me some actual veggies I can see in my omelette. Other places it is just tiny chopped pieces of veggies with no veggie taste. I also really enjoyed the hash browns. The bread that came with it I was not that impressed with. It was kind of dry and bland. We had the cinnamon. We also ordered red velvet pancakes to compare to others we have had, and these were different. They were huge, really thick and fluffy, and a little on the "less sweet" side which is a good or bad thing, depending on what you want. Service was good and quick. I think this is a good choice for a simple all American breakfast.
2	I would always see a line out the door for this place, so decided that it must be good! I had asked my friends about it and they warned me about how dirty it was. I figured that it couldn't be THAT bad, so I thought I'd give it a try. Such a bad idea!!! I ordered French toast, pretty hard to mess up. I couldn't even finish it. Our waitress ignored us completely and kept taking forever at her other tables, talking and laughing with them. Later that night I was so incredibly sick and throwing up. I will never go again.
5	This is a great local spot for breakfast and lunch. If you want something sweet you have got to try the crunchy french toast- AMAZING! Anything you order here is delicious. Also they have a special pot of bread for the day try them very yummy.
5	Get the pot o bread.
4	6/20 just had breakfast here Veggie Omelet was tasty. Ham and Cheese Omelet was ok. Server and cook did a fine job pretty speedy.. We will be back for more because Im happy... I approve this message J K KUHL...
5	Over the past year Jamms has won me over and become one of my favorite breakfast spots here. A big big part of the upgraded rating is because of the staff. Lots of friendly and just nice people, which goes a long way when they're some of the first people you see in the morning. Lots of regulars too that you'll start noticing if you spend more time here. Just kind of a pleasant way to start the morning. The food has been consistently good. The pots of bread have become something I look forward to, especially with the new special flavors every week. And that free stick of gum on the way out. Those details have really paid off over time.
5	For a Saturday morning, there was only a 5 minute wait. The first thing that caught my eye was the French Press coffee. This was a first for me and it was so incredibly good. They even offered a to go cup for what we didn't drink.The corn beef hash is hands down the BEST EVER!!!!!! It was what my husband had, along with the carmelized onion, bacon, cream cheese pot of bread. Dayyyyum!!!My next trip I'll be trying the S'mores pancakes. Sounds like a little piece of heaven. The servers were on point with everything!!Check it out!
2	Ate here on a Monday at lunch...the business was steady, not too busy. The decor is way outdated. The carpet is supposed to be red but is black because it's so old. The portion sizes are good but all of the food lacked seasoning.  I order the country version of eggs Benedict, which consists of a biscuit, sausage, poached egg and gravy with a side of country potatoes. I was so disappointed that the white gravy looked and tasted like it came from an instant mix...definitely not a good quality sausage gravy...it had no flavor. The country potatoes where crispy but again lacked any seasoning. Bottoms line...will never go back
4	There's always a wait, with good reason. Delightful, home style breakfast in a divey little strip mall. Get the pot of bread; you won't regret it. Great French toast, hash browns, and pancakes. Good service, good prices.
5	I want to go back to Vegas NOW!There are ways to tell if I'm having a good meal. One of them being is that I will moan a la Meg Ryan Sleepless in Seattle. I met up here with a woman who I consider to be a second mother. It had been more than 15 years since I had seen her and this is where she chose to eat. Thank you mama Cheryl!!The place is small, but what it lacks in size it makes up for in great service and food. Our waitress was a sweetheart! I ordered the cinnamon pot of bread and the corned beef hash breakfast. My hubby ordered the French Toast breakfast.DELICIOUS. ORGASMIC even.I need to go back to Vegas, nao!
3	Breakfast was average. The pot of bread is just a dinner roll in a tin...people were nice. Comfortable.
5	I'm going to say one thing to you yelpers pot of Bread.  yes you read it right pot of bread. They always have cinnamon raisin and they have a daily special when I went it was chocolate caramel now I have to tell you that was a little over-the-top for me you could only taste the chocolate not even the caramel but the cinnamon raisin... amazing and the pot of bread is just what it sounds like.  don't be fooled by the butter on the side no no no no it's not just  butter it's actually cream cheese icing. That's right cream cheese icing on the side of your pot of bread. I don't think I need to say anything else. I do remember ordering other things but I don't remember them not like I remember the pot of bread
4	My favorite place to eat breakfast has ALWAYS been BLUEBERRY HILL. I don't like anyone else's french toast. I ordered a omelet here and was really surprised by the size of the omelet, the amount of vegetables, and best of all the perfect amount of cheese. The omelet was fluffy and didn't have a overcooked patch of burnt on it at all. It was very beautiful. I was there at 8:30 am on Monday and I was so happy that there weren't loud mulitple crowds. It was consistently busy but not overwhelming and annoying. My friend and I sat there for quite a while catching up and best of all the server didn't harrass constantly. They let us talk for quite awhile without interrupting. The only bad thing I had to say was the hashbrowns were TOO crispy for me. They were overcooked and crunchy and had that burnt potato flavor. Other than that---this is one of my new favorite spots for breakfast.
4	I love the feel of a local neighborhood restaurant with yummy coffee and pot of bread. The food is plentiful and it is easy to get seating. Sometimes, I take it to-go to have brunch with friends at home. It's worth stopping by if in the neighborhood. A local gem!
5	Absolutely the best breakfast in Vegas and the customer service is excellent. If you're in Vegas you better come to Jamms! I had the Irish skillet which was so good and savory! Check out the pots of fresh bread as well as the cinnamon raisin French toast made from the pot of bread it's to die for!
5	Best Eggs Benedict in town.
5	Awesome great corn beef hash . Tres Leche pot of bread amazing. Will stop by again if in Vegas ;-)
4	Wonderful service!! Food is delicious and quick, the right amount of food. Shirley was outstanding and makes you feel like you are at home. Their hollandaise sauce is wonderful, not too salty. We recommend the French press coffee, prefect size for two cups of coffee. Prices were very reasonable and the servers don't make you feel like a bother if you want substitutions!!! We will be back here again and again!
3	Coffee is very weak. Dirty water type.Servers are so busy cause they also are tasked with making toast, english muffins, etc. They never have a free moment to check back with customers. Poor gals. You get one touch only. Kitchen staff is extremely fast and efficient turning out food at amazing pace.Note, the bus 'persons' (red shirt) takes your drink order, but not your food order. You need to flag down a server (black shirt) for that.Waffle is soft not crispy.Hash brown is the thick kind, little crispy surface and lots of soft center.Servers were too busy for me to contemplate ordering the 'pot o bread' as an afterthought. Pay at front when you leave.
5	I am a breakfast person! It is my favorite meal so I try breakfast places all the time. I stumbled upon this place when looking for Sundays breakfast. First I went to babystacks but they had a 45 minute wait. Me and my boyfriend came here and there was no wait. I ordered the mushroom omelete which had tons of cheese :) and a bagel with cream cheeseThe service was perfect and very helpful our waitress was lenore. Their coffee is excellent and we ended up getting a pot of bread (the nutella peanut butter one) sooo goood!!!
3	I was in the area with friends, so we decided to try it. Got the free cinnamon raisin pot of bread and it was good, just don't expect it to be big. I wanted to try a corned beef dish but as I tried to order, the waitress told me they ran out. Disappointed about that, but I ended up going for the chicken and waffles which turned out to be really good. My friends ordered burgers and said they were good too. So the food was pretty good, but the service was slowwww. The restaurant wasn't even half full, but the waitress barely visited us and when she did, her visits were short and she was very quick to leave, like she wanted to be somewhere else all the time. All in all, food was yummy, service was bad (lady at the front was nice though), and the price was about $10 each person. I give it a 3/5.
5	This is the place for breakfast and brunch slash comfort food. Every week they have a unique flavor of potted bread which is offered as a side to most entrees.  I like the omelette selection.  The wait staff is attentive and very nice. At peak hours there's usually a short 15-30min wait for a table. I like to burn time at Dead Poets Used Bookstore also located in the same strip mall.
2	I was not impressed with this place at all today. First we get there around 12:30 and they say 15 minute wait. No problem. We wander over to the vape shop next door. I go back about ten mins later and our table is ready, but they won't seat me as my whole party is not there. Whole party??? It's just me and my boyfriend. I tell them he's right next door and will be back in a minute but they still refuse to seat me. I guess that is just their policy, but it put a bad taste in my mouth and everything got worse from there. Our server while nice, messed up our order. I wanted to try the weekly pot O bread, which was strawberry almond, but she brought me out cinnamon raisin. Womp womp. I ended up just eating it, because I don't like to complain. It was pretty good though. Boyfriend ordered a Philly with no mushrooms, and it came out with shrooms. She admitted that was her mistake and offered to correct his sandwich, but he decided to order something else instead. He chose a chili burger. This was the smallest burger ever and you could tell the chili came from a can. I ordered the eggs benedict with home fries. I got about 2oz of home fries, which are potatoes with bell pepper and onions. They were good, but I had two bites and they were gone. The hollandaise on my eggs did not have much flavor, so the whole dish suffered. I paid just about $30 including tax and tip which is wayyyyy too much for just an ok meal. I probably won't be back.
4	The corned beef hash with egg whites and the pot o' bread are my go-to selections at Jamms.  A neighborhood breakfast/lunch eatery, the staff is always friendly, albeit a little slow on the service at times.  I think I've only been here on Fridays, so it's not too crazy busy and we've rarely had to wait for a table.  The pot o' bread is Jamms signature, basically a big yeasty dinner roll that comes with most of the breakfast platters, as well as getting a free one with your Yelp check-in.  Customers can choose the standard plain, cinnamon raisin, or the pot o'bread of the week; today's choice was triple chocolate brownie.  I had that pot o' bread plus the cinnamon raisin one that came with my corned beef hash breakfast--carb loading indeed!  If you haven't been here and love bread and breakfast like I do, give Jamms a try.
2	Dissaponted with our visit today.  It seems like when you find a good place it quickly goes down hill. When we first came after they opened the service was good, price was fair and the food was great. About 8 visits later the service was slooooowwwwww! My order was wrong and the price was ridiculous. I paid $12 for a vegetarian sandwich!  The original sandwich was 9.95 with bacon. I asked them to replace the bacon with a boiled egg and add spinach. Instead of taking money off for no bacon they added 1.50 for the boiled egg and a few pieces if spinach. This was after they served to me with bacon that I then had to send back and have remade with no bacon. Our total was $30!  A sandwich, coffe, iced tea and order of French toast should not have been over $20. Oh well, off to find the next place.
4	My very first yelp review. Had to do it, because if you haven't tried jamms, you're missing out. It's located on rainbow and charleston by the albertsons. Blends in well, I've lived in vegas my whole life and just discovered this place recently. My girlfriend and I have only gone for breakfast a handful of times, and each time we were impressed with the price and quality of food. I got the bumper omlette; fluffy eggs, mushrooms, broccoli, cream cheese, and topped with hollandaise sauce. I added bacon to it. AMAZING!! The service was pretty good, especially considering how busy it was. My girlfriend had a pretty customized order, and they had no problem with it. I would recommend Jamm's to anyone who likes breakfast food, and is tired of Dennys and ihop. Be sure to go early though, as they are only open for breakfast and lunch and close at 2pm!P.S. You have not lived until you get a "pot of bread" from these guys!!!
1	Coffee and pot of bread great....service is bad!!! Breakfast took 2 hours!!  Food was just ok. Had to ask for to go box twice and then it was thrown on table! Our bus person Jose was the nicest person there! Probably won't go back.
4	Good traditional breakfast the baked muffins are excellent and food portions are just right.
3	Really good bread.
4	:)
3	Good traditional breakfast.  Fast service and good coffee.  Cornbeef was tasty but a little too salty.  Hubby's french toast was good. We'll be back...
5	In typical Las Vegas fashion, do not be fooled by a store front.  So often I find that a strip mall with a nondescript doorway will lead to some wonderful experiences.  Point in fact for Jamms Restaurant.  It was my birthday and I wanted to try something new.  Hubby is always ready to please me and so my Yelp search begins.  After all the nice things posted about Jamms of course we had to visit.This is a homey kitsch diner.  It is a throw back to years gone by, but do you know what else is a throw back to years gone by?  Their SERVICE.  I found where all good service has gone.  They have come to Jamms.  Warm welcoming smiles are the first thing you notice as you go through the doors and it continues with the wait and service staff.  Just old fashioned goodness.  Then comes the food.  HELLO YUMMY.  The food is old fashioned, homemade, deliciousness.I ordered the Denver Potato Pancakes, first of all there is no way I could ever finish this dish on my own.  It is massive and not only in size but in flavor.  I could taste EACH AND EVERY ingredient in this dish.  So fresh and made to order.  I would drive miles for this dish.Hubby and our guests ordered the skillets and only one gentleman was able to finish his meal.  They were big on size and flavors again.  Excellently prepared.  Hubby ordered the homemade bread with his meal.  Today's flavored bread was a Chipotle, Cheddar concoction and it was D E L I S H...  I highly recommend that you order their homemade bread, especially if you are a popover fan.  They are very much more like popovers than a typical bread.This may have been our first visit here, but will definitely not be our last.PS I spied a crunchy french toast whizzing past us.  It looked wonderful.
4	Ham steak and eggs was a good choice. Service was very good and very fast. Glad I stopped in.
2	Sorry! Wasn't a fan. Went here with my gf and her family and so my hopes were high especially since I recommended this place based on reviews here. 3 out of 4 of us ordered the "hungry lion" which consists of eggs, sausage, bacon, ham steak and pancakes. Eggs and pancakes were pretty good, nothing special, ham steak ok, bacon and sausage bad! Bacon chewy like rubber and the sausage was unlike any other I've ordered in a restaurant. They were the kind you get at the cheap breakfast buffets that are snappy and are kind of gross without much flavor. So, to sum up, not too impressed. Service was nice though :)
3	This place was average. I was excited to try the food but my boyfriend and I thought it was somewhat bland. We walked in as first timers and waited for a while before I had to approach the hostess myself that was up front starring at customers/walking around but not asking if she could help them..it was awkward. The pot bread was the only thing worth mentioning but the country skillet and eggs Benedict with sausage was again avg. Gravy wasn't very flavorful neither was the sausage. The waitress forgot our side order but she took it off the bill. At least the food was reasonably priced and we didn't have to wait..meh
4	Fantastic place and worth the drive! I was greeted as I came in and everyone was very friendly despite how busy they were. I had the corn beef hash and eggs, bread pot, hash browns, and toast. The CB Hash is the real deal made from scratch with bit pieces of CB throughout. Eggs were poached and exactly to specification, bread pot was delish!I was told to pay up front when I was done with my meal and they kept the coffee topped off and offer a stronger blend if you desire.Yelpers that did not rate this establishment higher need to try it again, because it seems they have listened to your suggestions/complaints and have acted upon those making the needed corrections.I will return!
4	I drove far and wide to try this place. The reviews everywhere I looked seemed to be on fire and to be honest, breakfast is my jam. I feel like I ordered almost every breakfast item on the menu. I'm a small girl with a Man vs Food appetite when it comes to brunching. As expected everything was beyond delicious. They serve their homemade bread in it's own little dish, have you ever heard of anything so cute?  Everything was fresh, comfy seating, friendly staff and top notch delicious fluffy pancakes. If you don't love a good fluffy pancake then you must be a monster. Go to Jamms now. Go on. Calories don't count there, or at least that's what I tell myself.
4	Bananas Foster Pancakes were awesome. We make time for breakfast at Jamms every time we are in Vegas. Good food, large portions, and friendly staff.
5	At first it's deceiving when you drive up but once you get inside it has a small diner feel to it. Expect to wait at least 15 to 20 minutes  for a table then 10 minutes more once you sit down to order because it is that popular and busy.  They have very tasty food and they are humongous portions. We ordered chicken fingers for the kids and the flavoring was really good and they we very crispy.  My husband ordered a bowl of their homemade chicken noodle soup and it was really good and the serving is over 2 cups. I ordered the French dip and it was super yummy, normal size but still yummy. This place has 2 very unique things you can do for a discount and a free item. If you check in on yelp, you can get their pot of bread and if you do get the cinnamon raisin bread, you won't regret it. To score a discount all you have to do is clean your plate. Sounds easy but it can be a challenge because of the huge portions. I highly recommend this place. A must eat in Las Vegas.
5	The staff is always friendly and usually very quick to help you. We eat here once a week and the food is alway delicious and delivered in a timely manner. I would recommend this place to anyone who is looking for a new breakfast spot. The wait is usually about 30 minutes on the weekends but it is well worth it. Their food is reasonably priced and superb.
5	super delicious and huge portions. We checked in on yelp and got a free pot o bread (delicious) and posted a photo to social media with their tag and saved on our bill! Fast service, bomb food and discounts. Loved it
4	Ya, this place Jamms and the food is good. Make sure you get the French press coffee, delicious.
4	I just tried this place last Sunday with a friend and I loved it! The workers were very pleasant and welcoming, and the food was very good. What I liked the most is that they bake their own bread! I'd definitely come back to this place.
4	Little places like this make me LOVE Las Vegas even more!From the outside, in the midst of the shopping plaza, a tasty little breakfast gem hidden amongst the other stores.Let me tell you! - This is what locals look for in LV!!First and foremost....Pot Of Bread! Say it with me..."Pot of Bread"assorted daily flavors, freshly backed tiny single serving of delicious little mini loafs of bready, muffinish,  pop-over type things. Hell YES!!!!Everything else was really good. Yes, we did have to salt and pepper our breakfast. In my opinion, the seasoning could be turned up a bit...ok maybe a more than a bit.But still all the ingredients tasted fresh and made to order.
5	Went there for a late breakfast with the family.  Place was "Jamming", but only had to wait about 15 minutes to be seated.  Service was friendly as always.  I had the Jamms Special, with a cinnamon raison pot of bread and it was devine.  The pot of bread was mouthwatering and the omelet was huge.  They have some the best house coffee in town.  Will be going back again.
5	Jamms restored my faith in finding a breakfast spot which feels like home.  The staff was friendly and the corned beef hash was unbelievably good. I will be back next weekend for the hospitality and amazing breakfast.
2	I honestly wasn't impressed.  The man who seated us was very unfriendly he grabbed menues and followed with "Come On" and walked off. I hesitated because I wasn't sure if he said "hold on" but then he looked back at me and my kids impatiently so that cleared things up. On to the food- well let's just say two orders of French toast fries and the pot of bread we ordered was not very impressive. I didn't order food but my 7 and 8 year old did. The French toast came with out powdered sugar (which was a selling point for my children when pictured on the menu) and so we had to wait for the waitress to come back to ask for it bc my daughter wouldn't touch it with out it. End result- I nibbled at it and I not my kids were impressed. Burger King had better French toast sticks... And well the pot of bread... YUCK. 30 dollars to feed my 7 and 8 year old sub par food with moody service?... I didn't even order food... Nah I'll pass. Won't be back.
4	Came here because the original Pancake house we normally come to was torn down since out last visit. Great service, and great hash
5	Rounding up for Jamms since I really had a nice experience there getting breakfast. Crispy bacon in the omlette was key and you got a lot of avocado too - no skimping here!  Service was prompt and I would say I like Jamms more than Mr Mamas where I've been to a lot.  It's a bit further out from the Strip if you are a visitor to Vegas (as I frequently am) but worth it!
5	Delicious!!! We were in vegas and Friends that live there took us here for breakfast I want sure about it by it's looks but I loved it the ham was delicious and the pancakes everything I will definetly go back
3	Food was decent and adequately priced. I could take it or leave it. The people were very nice but the food took longer than expected.
4	What can I say?? Jamms is the best.  Expect to wait on the weekends,  the place is packed.  Try the pot of bread..
5	Outstanding! Great staff, excellent food and the coffee was great. My wife had the stuffed french toast and I had the eggs benedict and they were both very good we will definitely be going back when we re-visit Vegas.
5	What a great place. There weren't any recent reviews that we could find so we thought we would try it out. I am here to report that it is amazingly good food and lots of it.In the land of all you can eat, and Feng Shue less is more, they serve you well and you leave having eaten all you can.  both my wife's and my omelettes were filled to bursting. Her bacon and avocado were more than sufficient in the omelette. It was so big she ended up having to open it up to eat the insides and then still left food behind. The hashbrowns were done perfectly, crispy and flavorful and a good-sized portion. The homemade chips are perfectly sliced and served in their own little french fry basket. The bread pots are amazing. That special of the week was the pumpkin and cream cheese glaze bread pot and it was delicious.If you're thinking about coming, do it! This is a fantastic place for breakfast.
5	Cute place.  Plenty of food and plenty of choices.  Sandy is an excellent waitress.  Very efficient and friendly. Pots of bread a nice touch.
3	I love this place!  It's always busy, which is a good sign.  The service is always quick and no-nonsense, which I also like.  I would have given 4 stars, but some of their food is not consistent.  I've had their Cuban sandwich, which ended up being super dry pork.  It felt like the sandwich was just dry pork and bread, when a Cuban sandwich typically has pork, ham, swiss, pickles and mustard.  Maybe they were having an off day that day, because their menu states the sandwich ingredients as such.Their signature salad - the Jamms salad is cabbage, almonds, green onions, and sesame dressing is absolutely amazing!  It's light, crunchy and not over-dressed.  Very very good.The corned beef hash and eggs is fatty fantasticness.Their chilaquiles special sounded amazing, but was far from it.  It was under-seasoned, and loaded with tons of cheese.  Some may think that's a good quality, but this time it wasn't.  I wanted to taste the chips, eggs, and sauce, and the gobs of cheese made that difficult.  The beans that accompanied the dish looked as if they had gone way past their hold time, with the crunchy, crusty bits that form on the pan when they've sat there too long. Their pot of bread is their signature, and they do that perfectly!  It's got that fresh-out-of-the-oven temperature and smell, and when you pull it apart, it reveals light, pillowy, steamy deliciousness.    All of these dishes were had over a couple visits.  I'll definitely go back to Jamms, but I'll get something different every time to figure out what's good and what isn't.  Right now their signature items (salad, and pot of bread) are the front-runners.The ambience is homey, but clean.  Service is very attentive, and there's free gum at the checkout stand!
3	I eat here mainly out of convenience. The pot of bread is very good. They do offer a wide range of menu items. I can't say anything bad but I can't say a whole lot of good. I'm a flavor person and the food is kinda bland. I don't believe they make their soups from scratch and they tend to be over salty. Good in a quick JAM but not to go out of the way.
4	Great place for breakfast. Portions were large and the food was delicious. Coffee was pretty good. Went on a Monday just before noon and there wasn't a wait.Service was good enough, wasn't overly impressed with friendliness or anything but they weren't rude or unwelcoming.I'll come back again :) PS- For those of you who like S'mores, beware of their S'mores pancake. It includes a ton of Caramel that's kinda overpowering. Tasted like a Caramello candy bar more than smores.
4	Great breakfast place.  Wide variety of omelets and entrees.  Good service, fast seating.
5	we are here and loving it.  great food and friendly service.  the top breakfsst restaurant on my list.
5	Went in to this place today for a late lunch with family members. It was super busy but that doesn't stop us from being seated promptly. It also didn't impact the service! We were treated kindly, respectfully, and promptly.As a vegetarian Jamms let me subsitute vegetables for meat ingredients at no extra charge.We all ordered different types of food. I ordered breakfast and some of my family members ordered lunch entrees. The portions were enormous!!! I noted that I would take a to go box for my omelette I would be able to eat off of for the next couple of days :-)All servers and workers make patrons feel as though they are " regular" customers.They also give a small discount if you post on social media which shows they are in touch with the social media aspect of our culture.If you are looking for a casual, cool place to eat that has a down home feeling , I would highly recommend this place! Definitely will return.
1	I stopped in with a friend for breakfast. Ordered a spinach omelet  which came with a side of toast. The cook managed to ruin both the omelet and the toast. The waitress put a plate of burnt (black on both sides) toast in front of me, told me it was burnt, and then asked if I wanted more, presumably unburnt, toast. The spinach used in the omelet was the frozen blocks found in the grocery freezer aisle, I know because it was still in brick shape and still frozen in the middle. A breakfast place that cannot cook toast or eggs fails in my book. There are so many better options in the immediate area.
4	Had the Texas chili omelet and the smores waffle.The chili had great flavor and combined well with the omelet, very good and have never had shutting like it.Can't really go wing with a smores waffle! The chocolate part of the smores were chocolate chips that weren't melted and that was a little weird, probably would have been better if they were.The potatoes or home fries served with the omelet were better than most.The lemonade was delicious, no minute maid here!The service was fast and friendly. The atmosphere was cozy like grandma's house:)Strange a place called jamms only had the little Welch's packets of jelly!Check it out, it's worth it:)
4	Hello deliciousness! I've heard great things about this place and was eager to try it out and I'm so glad I did! The food was great and the service was great! The reason I give it four stars is that the place is a little out of date. Also, Seating is limited so if you have a big party you're not able to sit at one table. Besides that I am now a regular customer. :)
5	Excellent food and friendly staff. Check in on yelp and get a free Pot of Bread, which is amazing!
4	I love this place.  I have been here for breakfast and lunch.  However, no matter when I come in I rarely deviate from the delicious homemade biscuits and gravy.  Absolutely to die for!  I highly recommend!
3	The food was good and the staff was wonderful. The place was not to bad on a Saturday morning at 8am. So get here early to get a good seat. After about 9 this place is starting to get busy.OK the food is good but not great. I probably will not be going back. My omelet was to full of feta cheese and spinach, I get that's what was in it at least chops them both up in smaller pieces. I will not tell u to go and I will not tell u it's the best food in town. I would have rather gone to hash house a gogo. Now that food has good taste.That's it the food did not have a lot of taste maybe it was what I had to eat. I like to taste my food.One more thing I forgot to tell the waitress that I had a free pot of bread so I told the lady as we were checking out and she was not the nicest. I had told her it was no bid deal but she was not very nice about it. What ever....... And if u post on yelp in another social media place u will get 10% off u need to show the lady when u check out.
3	Gr8 omelettes and other breakfast items.  Pancakes and waffles are good.   Lunch is less impressive.   Bread seems smothered in butter so ask for dry.  Service is efficient and friendly.  Gr8 coffee.  Good specials.
