3	My favorite thing about this place is that it's right by my work.  I've gone here a few times after work to watch Laker games when they are at their climax or close to ending.  When you walk in here there's 2 paths you can take.  The path to the left will take you to the non smoking/family section/kids table area and the path on the right will take you to the bar/high tables/pool tables/smoking area.  I've only gone to the right side once and never again because i came out w/the stench of an ash tray.The food, prices and service is typical for a bar/restaurant so there's nothing really special about that here.  They do have lots of tvs here and you get a little box to control the channel and volume, so if you are a North Korea Dictator control freak then you'll love this place!I also love the fact that nobody reviewed this place and I get to be FIRST!FIRST!  FIRST!  FIRST!  FIRST!It was also very cold in this restaurant the past few times I came here, but not as cold as it is in the D.
3	Ive only been here once and went to have dinner on the lefthand side of htis place. its a mini casino. its smaller than it looks from the outside b/c it looks like this place used to have a movie theatre attached to it @ one point. DINNER: all of us ordered the burger special that comes w/ a draft beer (obviously b/c this is a brewery all the beers are made there) I'm usually not much for anything but pale ales but I went w/ the hef this time and it ok but w/e my bf ordered was even better. i wantt o say that was the blue diamond, if memory serves correctly. W/e it was there were signs all over the walls advertising its various awards, winnings and certificates for being an awesome beer. the burger was great. I do remember however being torn btwn gettng the salad bar & the burger but after looking @ its 8 pm slim pickins I decided on the burger & beer.  How can you go wrong w/ that for $9.99? I havnet come to sit @ the bar yet but I've wanted to on many occasions.. . maybe here in a few. I did see someone win big on the wizard of oz game and i remember thinking damn, she took my machine. . . lol. I'd come back again and try my luck, see if I can win big.
4	Love hanging out at the brewery.  It's an average bar... kinda smoky when it's busy, but it has everything a bar should have... cute bartenders and servers that treat you like a friend, pool, good food and fair gambling.  I win regularly and they have good friday night gambling incentives.
1	Apparently, my wife and I are invisible! We arrived at about 1:30 on a Thursday afternoon, pleased to see so many cars parked in the lot. The place is divided into separate rooms for dining and for a bar area. We went into the eating area and waited, and waited, but no one ever came. The one couple who were eating said to just take a table and the waitress would be in. After more waiting,a group of 5 entered the eating area. They were immediately seated, given menus, and had their drink orders taken. The waitress never acknowledged that we were present, carefully putting her back to us when she waited in the other people. There are too many other great places in Vegas to tolerate this. We left and found one.
4	I love hanging out at this bar!  It may not be very commercial or mainstream, but that's the best part... the mom n' pop shop  :)  They host fun events like slot car races, Irish Trivia during St. Patty's Day and have old school decor like official chairs from Wrigley Field (it's a cubby bar) and a phone booth.  I'm a fish n' chips fan and the garlic knots are delicious... but if you're particular about bar food and super attentive service, this might not be your joint.  It's more of a neighborhood hangout where people can get to know your name if given the opportunity.
5	REAL Chicago Italian  Beef sandwich!!!!  Done RIGHT!!!   Amazing!!! Have searched high and low and been met with such disappointment. Today I was so pleasantly amazingly shocked!!!  For a little while I was sitting at Wrigleyville Tap having a beef!!!  Thank you Brewery! I'll be back!!!  Tonight and tomorrow and the day after that!!!
5	Best ribs in town.  Always treats us right.  My family loves the entire menu.
1	The phone number listed is no longer in service. Is this place now out of business?
