5	A tire ruptured for my husband's Bronco on the freeway today - Not fun!  Tires he has we pay around $250 per tire.  My husband called the store which closed at 6PM, we arrived at 5:30PM and they were able to help us with our Monster Tire.  The service was excellent.  When I walked in with my daughter they offered us popcorn from their cool popcorn machine and bottled water.  I loved that they have a table with a window where you can watch the cars being worked on.  Actually, my 5 year old thought that was the BOMB!  I was really impressed with how quickly they worked, how professional they were and that Discount Tire now has a location on my side of town.  I would highly recommend this place.
5	I had to get a set of new tires. There was no avoiding it. My tire was flat- I didn't know that it was flat, I never had low profile tires before! One guy inspected all the tires and said that the tread was bad on all of them (said it would be unsafe to repair). I'm so glad that the resident mechanic filled all my tires with air (strongly advised me to get it repaired) so it gave me a few more days until my purchase (he was the one who told me it was flat). I called several places- Wal-Mart, Sears, Big O, Sam's Club, Pep Boys and another Discount Tire branch. I had so many different prices from $430 (no warranty, about 35,000 miles, Sears) to $750 (Pep Boys)- it started giving me a headache. One of the people I work with (gets the boss' tires here), referred me to Brent, who assured him that they would beat anyone's prices. I talked to Brian who advised me to go up a size higher/larger so I would have more options since there is only one other vehicle which uses that weird tire size. A few days later, I talked to Brent (the manager), again who gave me better pricing, $509 out the door, including taxes, install, warranty, etc. (Note: there are lots of guys here with B names, so forgive me I get the names wrong.)So, on saturday morning, we went here to get a new set of tires. Brian assisted us, and was very nice, and again, discussed going a size larger on the tires (he remembered talking to me earlier in the week). We went for it. The checkout process was pretty quick. The install process was very quick- it was done in less than thirty minutes (if there was a wait, we would go shopping at nearby Marshall's or Ross). Excellent service. Apparently we missed the crazy rush of customers just a half hour prior to getting here- good for us.  BTW, the rotation and the tire checks every other month are included, as well.  The setup of the store was very nice- probably nicer than what I am used to (the last time I bought tires was for my previous vehicle, Ford Explorer and this was at Wal-Mart, many moons ago). The waiting area has about ten red seats, with an assortment of magazines with covers (similar to book reports back in the day) complete with Keurig coffee machine (two flavors- nice) and a small refrigerator with bottled water (with the logo, of course). There are some tire and rim samples throughout the store with signs and prices- as well as promotion for a free camera  with  purchase of four continental tires (over soon). My husband got a price quote on a rim/tire package- it was neat to see the car with different choices. On the other side, is a fishbowl window (where the installs are done) with red stools, for your viewing pleasure. There is a popcorn machine (complimentary popcorn) on this side too.
5	Great service!!!  Stopped by in the am to price out tires, came back in the afternoon to purchase them and they were out of the tires we had talked about. We were offered a better tire for the same price quoted. They really took care of us, in and out with 2 new tires in less than a half an hr!!
5	Best customer service I have experienced in a long time.   From the initial phone call to my service rep Nic was friendly, but most of all helpful to my situation.  I was listened to, Not just sold to. The wait was shorter Than expected and they provided bottled water, popcorn, soda, hot dogs. Excellent!
5	I love this place! They are the most considerate company. I want to shout from the rooftops! They really care about people and want them to have a good experience. The lobby was clean. The bathrooms smelled really good, I almost wanted to hang out in there longer. But that would be weird.
5	I"ve purchased my tires from Discount Tire for several years. I"ve used two different locations for different reasons. One time a had a flat, so I had to use the nearest store to my location. But, when I visited this store that my friend recommended to me I was treated like a queen! I bought eight (8) tires (two different cars). They sold me what I wanted and need.  They didn't try to gouge me. They took the time a explain the differences in the tires. Brent, Brett, and Donny are the best! They are funny, personable, and attentive. This is my new store. I'm going to tell all of my friends.
5	I went in on a Thursday afternoon at 4:30 after I ran over a nail. There was nobody in the tech stalls so I was hoping to get quick service....and boy did I ever! We walked in the door and a nice man took my keys and went to work. I had a tire already that had a crack in the side, which sucked since the tires were less than a year old. I knew I could only afford the tire with the nail but this tech was able to not only repair the tire with the nail but also the tire with the crack! And all in about 20 minutes, so thank you Discount and thank you Lake Mead staff for such awesome service!!
5	Always have had great service! Only once did I have longer than expected but they do their jobs and they do them well! Not one complaint and they are very nice!
5	After working in the motorsports/autosports industry for many years I still have "hookups" and recently purchased wheels and tires for my 2013 Silverado. Thought about many places I'd try but headed down to Discount Tire. As I walked to the buildling Cory came out to greet me. He was extremely helpful and polite. I mentioned I'd need to remove the factory tire pressure sensors from the stock tires to the new ones and he said it wouldn't be a problem. Long story short, 50 min later my truck was done, looked amazing and I was very satisfied with what I was billed. They weren't the cheapest, BUT were extremely fair. No complaints, and actually have been telling everybody about the wonderful service. Thank you guys.
1	I made discount tire my go to place to get tire work done, until a few months back when I went in to replace a tire that was ruined. The manager, some guy with an Australian accent helped me. I had a tire warranty through the dealership when I bought my car. I know discount tire honors the warranty because the last time I needed a tire replaced the discount tire at lake mead / boulder hwy replaced it with no issues. The warranty I have, I buy the tire out of my pocket and the warranty company reimburses me. All the warranty company asks for is for a representative of the business to take 3 minutes of their time to advise them of the tread depth and any sidewall damage. The manager refused to talk to them and said he would not do it because I got my money's worth out if the tire. No matter how I explained it to him it just wouldn't get the fact that I was going to pay for the tires and he just needed to give the info to the warranty rep so I could be reimbursed. The warranty company advised me if he was refusing to talk to them I should take my business elsewhere which I did. I went to Big O Tire on lake mead and Chuck the owner was awesome and took care of my warranty for me. He even held the bad tire until I received my reimbursement incase there were any problems. I will not recommend going to this discount tire until they replace management.
5	They rotate tires for free even if you don't buy your tires there. Yeah, that's definitely their sales pitch, but I will definitely go back to a Discount Tire in the future for my tire needs. I was in and out in 20 minutes and didn't pay a dime. So much win.
5	Everyone was super nice when we stopped to get our tires checked before we left town to drive back home to San Diego. They inspected the tires, told us about the nails we already knew existed, and filled the tires. Overall a great experience!
5	After chatting with the guys at Discount I decided to take a chance and trust them with a 2014 Corvette Stingray. The job was to dismount the stock rims, remove run-flat tires and mount them on newly Powder Coated factory rims. This is a delicate procedure to say the least. You don't want to damage either set of rims or the Stingray ! Dustin and Brent teamed up to make the job go faster and I was impressed by their expertise, efficiency and professionalism. they worked quickly, efficiently and were careful throughout the entire process. I can honestly say a job very well done and highly recommended !
5	I bought tires at their Boulder Hwy store because it was half the price of Big O.  I have been going to Big O since 1983.  The Boulder Hwy Discount Tire store sold me some tires that in about 4k miles turned into tractor tires (made a very loud rumbling noise)  on a 50k mile Mazda5.  They gave me 4 new tires and they lasted about 60k which is good for low profile tires.  I bought another set.  About 10K into the 3rd set I drove over to the Boulder Hwy store and saw all the bays full with cars.  I went to the Discount Tire store on Lake Mead to get my tires rotated.  Normally I do this myself.  They put me right in, rotated and balanced my tires for FREEEEEEEE!  For the Mazda5 they have my business for life! . . . .  I can be bought : )
5	I went in to get a flat tire fixed on my brother in-laws SUV.  I'm not sure where the tires were bought, when I went to pay for the repair they said, "No Charge!"  I was flabbergasted.....When my brother in-law got in town I told him about it and he went right back to the shop and bought 4 new tires from them and is very satisfied too.
5	Not the way I wanted to start my Friday Morning, A nail stuck in my tire, of coarse it had to happen on a day where my funds are low. I called discount tire and Mike Helped me. He checked to see if they had a used tire for my car and they did 50 bucks with tax and installation. can't beat that. I was in and out in less than 20 minutes. the staff was very courteous and polite. Thank you Discount tire for all your help! I will be back for my tire needs!!
5	LOVE LOVE LOVE!!!! This Local is so great! They helped me save money and provided great information regarding their warranty that is available even if you do not purchase your tires from them!
5	The folks at Discount tire are the best! Our family have been going to the Discount tire store on Boulder Highway for as long as they have been there. We always get excellent service and advice! When I recently ( two weeks ago) had problems finding just the right size of tire for an older 1986 car, they were able to help me out and I got  what was needed! These guys know their stuff. and yes tire rotation, screws or nails removed, and fixed and always has been free. My husband taught me to always tip & give them a couple of bucks because they work hard and so much of their time is devoted to giving free (& great) service, Of course they have Never asked for a tip but they deserve it !!!!!! What goes around comes around!  I highly recommend  both of these Henderson locations!
1	Headed down there with two bad tires. Got a decent deal on two new tires. Asked them to check out the tires and keep the best two. One of my tires had a plug/patch in it, I wanted it gone. And also have a tire that was loosing a couple pounds of air a day. I purposely left that tire low and explained that to them upon arrival. They assured me that it was the tire with the plug. So I assumed I had three good tires. Turns out that the tire I went down there to get fixed (the low one), was still on the car. And I was able to verify this because they never put air in the other two tires. Customer friendly. But of course it's a shop trying to make money. Going to head back down there in hopes that they still have my two tires from yesterday and I am going to asked them to put the other good tire on the rim to replace the one I originally when there to have replaced. and if not I will be calling their cooperate office. Just the way I want to spent my day off.
5	Great experience I was greeted with a bottle of.water by alex he took great care of me new tires mounted and.balanced within an.hour
5	I love that they fix your flat tire at no charge. Who does anything as a courtesy anymore?5 stars for standing out in a stingy world.
5	My tire pressure light kept coming on. Even after I filled them all with air, a day or two later, the light would come on....after returning from getting air, I pulled into my garage just right, and saw that on my rear passenger tire, I had a screw.Discount tire is easily the closest shop to my house, so I made an appointment for this morning for their "free flat repair".I arrived at 1030, and was greeted by a gentleman before I even got out of my car. He was very kind and we made conversation, outside and inside of the building.I sat, and was playing around on my phone after my car was handed off and "checked in". About ten minutes went by, and a mechanic came in. He looked at me, and said, "miss, did you happen to want a water..?"Miss...? I feel so classy!The kind red headed man with black and red nikes handed me a bottle of water (could have been a little colder) but I won't complain.Ten minutes later, My car is pulled up, I am given a sheet of paper, and sent on my way.Twenty minutes to fix a flat, rotate, and make sure that all my tires have appropriate air...? Yeah, I'll be coming back, and I'll be coming back for services that I actually HAVE to pay for.
1	Dishonest, said my tire sensor was out went to another discount tire they said all my tires were low on air once filled the light went off
5	Consistently the best customer service around. Needed new rear tire a while back. No up sells, just options for my budget and needs. Today in for a flat repair. No waiting to talk to someone - they meet and greet you immediately. Both times I've been quoted accurate wait time which is a huge deal to me. Knowledgeable, friendly, courteous staff- I highly recommend this location to everyone in the area.
5	I hit a curb - yes I did!  Well, it looked like a knife was taken to it.  So, had to get one tire.  They did not have it in stock but had it brought over from another location.  The Manager worked with my husband to make it happen.  When I arrived I was greeted with a smile and helped right away.  I was in and out of there within 1/2 hour.  I have commented the last time too but POPCORN!  Love the added touch!
1	Clearly states I was getting tires on a car i was selling and wanted no warranty. Just looked at my receipt and was jammed with $66 in warranty that I didn't want, need and can't transfer to a new owner. Have been happy with other discount tire stores I won't be coming back to this location.
