4	great yogurt and better price than mojo
5	Best yogurt in Phoenix by far. The staff always recommends flavors with certain toppings and that is how I discovered my new favorite...sour apple with caramel sauce. Yummm!
5	TCBY who??? I stumbled upon Yogurtology on my way to Trader Joe's just after they opened. I love everything from the atmosphere to the crazy variety of 8 (I think) flavors, which are changed out just about every day. For their grand opening, they had a live band and gave away free fro-yo for a couple hours on a Friday evening, which I though was pretty smart from a marketing P.O.V.The first time I went, I tried mint and a little bit of oreo cookie. Deee-lish! Tonight, I tried the red velvet cake, and the boyfriend (who planned on just coming along for the ride) had peanut butter chocolate. The toppings are out of control. Everything from fresh fruit and nuts to ginormous marshmallows and gumballs. And the staff is super friendly and helpful. Want a sample of everything? Okay, no problem! I would definitely recommend this place. In fact, I'll probably see you there.
4	When one of my coworkers told my that Yogurtology had finally opened, I promptly went there for lunch the following day! The inside is very start and sleek, mostly decorated in black and white...in my mind, yogurt is a happy experience....so they need to add to some color! I liked the variety of flavors that they had, many that I have not seen at the other yogurt places, like Oatmeal Cookie & Cake Batter! The topping bar was fully stocked with the usual plus some unique choices....baklava anyone? I got cake batter and chocolate, topped with some chocolaty toppings, it was really good, the yogurt was creamy, but compared to the price at my Yogurtland, it was a bit pricey. But it is nice to know that there is a yogurt place nearby my office with the heat of summer on our doorsteps.....it has to have less calories than those addicting frozen custards at Culver's!
5	YUM!I was already a fan of the competitor MoJo, but after trying the red velvet cake flavor at Yogurtology I think I'm hooked. I know they change their flavors, but must they? Red velvet frozen yogurt with yogurt chips, chocolate chips, and fruit is DIVINE. Cute atmosphere, many flavors to choose from, and some unique and yummy-sounding toppings combined with a friendly and helpful staff.
4	i've been a mojo fan since... well, since mojo first became mojo. when yogurtology opened right up the street from my house, i arched a skeptical brow and decided to give the mojo-wannabe a try. *long sigh*my newfound love of yogurtology has me feeling a little guilty, as if i've replaced an old love with a new one. such is life, i suppose.the facts:yogurtology has a wide range of excellent flavors of frozen yogurt that seem to rotate daily. i've seen chocolate mint, oreo, cupcake batter, red velvet, chocolate peanut butter, mango, blackberry, oatmeal cookie and vanilla bean, to name a few. each and every one delish. they also seem to always have at least one non-dairy option available...the toppings are plentiful and varied. choose from fresh fruit, chopped candy bars, m&ms, nuts, baklava, brownies, truffles, cheesecake, sprinkles galore, ginormous marshmallows and gummy candy... i've never seen so many topping options in one place.staff are very friendly and attentive. a little TOO attentive for my taste, but hey, i'm the kind of person who likes to be left alone unless i ask for help...overall, they rock!loyalty punch-card? you betcha. so eat and eat and eat and score yourself some free yogurtology before starting the tasty process all over again.lick a spoon and feed your grin.lola
5	I almost wish I hadn't discovered this place because it's so good! Ton's of flavors and every kind of topping you could want (even cake frosting) So much better than MoJo and to top it off the staff couldn't have been nicer.
5	I love this place so much! If you are an oatmeal fan you can't pass up the oatmeal cookie yogurt at yogurtology! Its so amazing! With bits of real oatmeal mixed in- its incredible. The tart is also supererb and the cheesecake is my 3rd runner up.The prices are really good here too compared to many other yogurt places around.Being situated a couple doors down from my sisters closet in the town and country center, this place is golden in my book!
5	Definitely a place you gotta check out on a hot day.  Actually, I'd probably go here on a cold day too.  It's self serve so you can get any amount you want.  I tried the vanilla, peanut butter and oatmeal cookie.  I should have just gotten the oatmeal cookie.  While the other stuff is good, the oatmeal cookie is amazing.  You have to try it out.  It has oatmeal in and just the right amount of cinnamon and sugar.  Really, you gotta try it.  They have an awesome selection of toppings to put on.  They say they have 60, but the guy behind the counter said he has more in back.  There was so many, I was too confused what I wanted because I wanted the all.  The workers are super friendly and will help you out with suggestions.  This place is definitely worth visiting.  Go.  Now!
5	The oatmeal cookie yogurt is out of this world!!! I also tried the cake batter, chocolate and peanut butter flavors (since it's self-serve) which were all pretty good. They have around 50 toppings to choose from, from fresh fruit to chocolate covered cherries. The chunks of candy bar are huge, instead of like some places where the candy bar is almost powdered.
4	I blame Shannon C. for my latest frozen yogurt binge. Although, I suppose she shares responsibility with Yogurtology ($0.40/ounce) because I had been to Mojo and I could take it or leave it. Golden Spoon was too far away. But, Yogurtology at Towne and Country is a reasonable distance. I prefer their flavors and topping options include nutella and pretzel M & Ms! Yummmm...Self-serve stations and the topping bar are very clean; as are the tables and floors.One bummer is that outside seating is limited to a backless bench or freeloading seats at the near by Souper Salad.Anyway, with the stamp card, I'm assured $3-worth of free yogurt goodness after my 8th visit. Who can resist?
4	Great flavors, great toppings. Only problem what the service was not very upbeat or friendly. But I would totally go back there again for the frozen yogurt and its convenient location :)
5	Oatmeal Cookie Yogurt????  It is the best I have ever had.   I have been at least 3 times a week for the past month!  I hope its low fat, but really I don't care, its worth it.  I love this place, the people are friendly and very helpful!  I will be visiting again tomorrow!!
5	The best ever!  Beats mojo hands down
5	Better than Yogurtini and Yogurtland, and way better than MoJo.  Hands down the best yogurt place in town!
4	After bingeing on Pinkberry on my recent CA adventure, I was craving some tart and sweet frozen yogurt tonight.  Although Mojo is nearby, it isn't my favorite... so I relied on my trusty friend, Yelp, to find a new spot.  Yogurtology had great reviews, a pretty website, and was still open - so off I went! As I drove up to the shop (9:15 on a Tuesday night), I was surprised by how many people were there.  A definite good sign!  Upon entering the sparkling clean shop, I was greeted by an incredibly sweet ... ummm... yogurtologist?  After mentioning that it was my first visit, she gave me the run-down on the place - price, toppings, flavors, etc.  It was like having my own personal yogurt shopper!  I settled on the red velvet with dark chocolate and white mini chips and a bowl of the tart to bring home for the Husband.  While I enjoyed both, I think the tart was my fave of the two.  Unfortunately, I have sampler's remorse, and wish I had tried every one of the dozen (I think) surely delicious flavors.  Ah, well... a return visit will be happening tomorrow, I'm sure!4.25 stars - will surely be bumped up once I have a chance to try more flavors and toppings.
5	I think that 4 visits in 3 days says it all.  I love this place! I'm super impressed that on each visit, the service really went above and beyond.  Yogurtology is schooling other yogurt shops (and many other businesses) on the simple skill of customer service.  They are friendly, attentive, and speedy, plus they keep that place spotless!  As far as the flavors go, I have become a huge fan of all things fruity.  While I can appreciate the heavier, more ice-cream-like flavors such as Red Velvet and Oatmeal Cookie, I definitely prefer the lighter, juicier options.   My favorites, thus far, are Maui Coconut, Orange Sorbet, Raspberry and Tart.  Mmmm, mmmm, mmmmmmmm.  Don't forget to get a punch card - 'cause if you become a crazy yogurt-obsessed lover, like me, you'll fill it up in no time!
4	The best yogurt place in the valley!  I have made the rounds at all the other yogurt places and this one not only has better yogurt (the stuff you put the toppings on should taste great, creamy and just like ice cream!), it has fantastic toppings....come on where else can you put cream puffs and baklava on your yogurt??  And yes if it is on yogurt it is totally considered health food.....
4	I actually said 'oh wow!' after I sampled the Oatmeal. Yes, its amazing. I love the toppings they offered, both in selection and size. How nice to an entire baklava stick, mallow creme, almond roca... great stuff here. Ok the slightly bad-Price is higher than places like yogurtland. I spent about 40% more than I normally would, but to be fair, I got things like the baklava and brownie, 2 sauces, heavier stuff. But no more in quantity. They charge 40cents/ozAlso, my tongue itched for about 15 minutes after starting to eat. This only happens to me when I have underripe bananas or kiwis, and I didn't have any fruit. Mildly irritating to me at worst, but possibly they are using the same knives the cut fruit then the brownies without washing the knife? Could be an issue if someone is allergic. Yogurtology staff, if reading this, check into that!
5	Luv it. Swivelled myself out a mix of chocolate and mocha fro yo....topped it w/ treats from gleaming buffet: chopped snickers nubs, brownie hunks, butterfinger crumbles and ghiradelli syrup.  Marshmallow creme bottle cleverly reads: "mayo---not!"  Slick, white, modern decor and quality ingredients make you feel less guilty for pretending to be an eight-year-old for a moment.  MWAH!!!!
5	With so many fro-yo options nowaday, it takes a lot to impress me... but Yogurtology, you did just that!  You not only impressed me, but upon using the Yelp app on my iPhone to check-in, I received the Conehead badge!Friendly service, fabulous fro-yo flavors, an incredible selection of toppings, and even fro-yo for dogs - you've got it down to a science.  Oh, and you keep the place immaculate, which i love!  (They use a vacuum device to keep the topping bar fresh and clean).Yogurtology is self-serve, but they had a friendly staff member helping with samples when I went, which I felt was a nice touch.  He answered a ton of questions for us as well.  I was there with friends and went with the lemon meringue flavor for myself... but call me wife and mom of the year because I brought home some oatmeal cookie flavor fro-yo for Jared (topped with mochi and fruity pebbles) and a cup of peanut butter dog-friendly fro-yo for Minnie.  We'll be back for sure!
4	For a non-Pinkberry town, its tart is okay but not great but I haven't found a good tart yogurt in Phoenix.  But its peanut butter yogurt is amazing!  Worth writing home about, or at least yelping about.  I'm not a big flavored yogurt fan but that was worth getting and I'll get it again when I go back.  It had a quality yogurt taste.  Perhaps they use real peanut butter, who knows?  If you like peanut butter, check it out!
5	How can you not give frozen yogurt 5 stars? I mean really?! Love love love frozen yogurt, and clearly so does every other human on this planet. I seriously think that frozen yogurt shops are going to dominate the world here soon. There is just about one on every corner. I can think of about 4 within 1 mile of where I sit right now. They are all about the same, but I have to especially point out this one as it is one of my faves. In most part because it is right next to the gym I go to and it is my guilty pleasure after a hard workout. Last time I was in I had a little of the fat free original and the fat free strawberry... both are amazing, topped with a little bit of strawberries and blueberries. Best part is that is only cost me $1.89. The concept of do-it-yourself is amazing.... get however much you want of whatever you want and just pay by weight. I can't eat a lot of that stuff, just like a little bit so I don't want to be forced to get this mount of yogurt and pay some ridiculous amount for something I wont finish. Good job Yogurtology, we are BFFs for life!
5	I'm a yogurtology maven.  I've already filled up two loyalty cards and am digging their new automated card program.  With how frequently I was going, it makes good sense to switch to a more environmentally friendly system. Yogurtology is head and shoulders above the nearby mojo.  It has easier parking, more froyo, more toppings, and friendly staff.  The flavors change often (my fave has been the elusive butterfinger) but you can always count on some classics like oatmeal cookie and cake batter.  And, I kid you not, one of the toppings is frosting in a can!!  Unbelievable.
3	It breaks my heart to do this because at the rate I patronize this place you'd think I'd be upping the stars... and I WOULD if they would just fix a couple of things. Instead, I find myself very frustrated and I must remove a star from my review. Two reasons: Here's the crux of my beef: I like the peanut butter flavor. They offer chocolate peanut butter every Monday but I don't want CHOCOLATE peanut butter. Mind you, they have chocolate frosty every day AND, this past Monday, they had sugar-free chocolate in the SAME MACHINE as chocolate peanut butter (AND chocolate frosty was still an option in another machine!). I haven't seen the plain peanut butter in quite a while, and I know I'm not the only person who's been asking for it. (It's especially good with any of the berry flavors - like a PB&J!) The fact that they load up the machine weekly with a flavor that customers could "mix" themselves and deny the rest of our requests for the straight up peanut butter makes absolutely NO sense to me. So, fine: it's your yogurt shop. You pick the flavors. At least let me know if it's worth the drive. I'm willing to tell you exactly what will make it worth it for me: knowing there's at least one flavor I want. (And, it doesn't even always have to be peanut butter!) I have asked and suggested (and have overheard others doing the same) that the day's flavors be posted on a website, facebook or twitter. The response was that it was not practical because they couldn't be updating all day long and they didn't want a customer to be mad if they came for a particular flavor that was posted but had run out. I don't agree (Ahem, it's the digital age, people! You're not sending the Pony Express out with an update.), but I can understand the concern. Instead, I was encouraged to provide my cell phone number to be associated with a particular flavor and I would be sent a text message the next time that flavor was available. I don't know the mechanics of blasting a text but it seems that would be a lot more time consuming (or at least equally) than updating a fan page on facebook or posting a tweet. Also, by the way, once they've texted me, my number would be crossed off the sheet and I'd need to "re-request" to be notified. Talk about inefficient! Yogurtology has great flavors available to them. The bar and shop are clean. They could totally be five stars. I want to be able to give them five stars but I can't. In fact, as a regular customer, I'm so disappointed I can't even stand by my "yay! I'm a fan." Right now, in my book, they're "A-OK." If I'm going to go for frozen yogurt, this is where I'd go. And, I'd pray I'd be delighted to find a flavor I love in one of the machines... but, I wouldn't know until I got there. Change that, and I'll restore the star...
4	went over of my my way to visit based on a suggestion from my little bro.The scene- walking in it looked very friendly and clean a little stark bu nice and modern. The music didnt make any sense in the place . weird, felt like it didnt belong.Flovors- ok so yes they did have several flavors but was disappointed that there went really too many that i thought would mix well. although they have aoatmeal cookie that was dead on to the real thing ,I wasnt too impressed by the flavors which, didnt have anything unique.Top of the morning'- the toppings were quite spectacular , mainly the sauces, frosting,mallow cream, nutella, all kinds of yummy toppings and my bestest Nochi, i think thats it( little powdery mallows)Counter Lady- was helpful and nice, the oly thing she was explaining the way it works to a group in friont, but she controls the samples so we had to wait a bit and the people behind us even longer. I must say while there wasnt custmers she was cleaning and arranging the toppings so it was very nice to see staff working, not just texdting behind the corner, looked like she had pride in her job.Break it down Jess- I will return to Yogurtology if in the area and in the mood, however having drove 10 miles just to try it, I wasnt super impressed but if you like the self servestyle, its a go!
5	Could I have actually found a reason to update my Yogurtology review for a 3rd time?  Oh, yes... I have!The recently updated their register system and replaced the old-school stamp cards with a handy-dandy key-fob tracker.  Now, if you are ridiculously unorganized like me, you won't lose your frequent yogurt-shopper card.  YAY!I'm pretty sure I have found a new favorite flavor.  Key Lime Pie.  Oh, my... How have I missed this on previous visits?  It is phenomenal!  If only it could be served side-by-side in yogurt-heaven-swirlyness with coconut... then, I could die happy.  Please, oh, please make this happen, dear yogurt gods.Only one *tiny* tip - can we please get a facebook thing going?  A daily flavor update would be so easy, and would make it much easier for me to plan my visits.
5	Gotta say this is my FAVORITE FroYo place in the valley! The staff is friendly, the toppings are always fresh and the yogurt flavors rotate pretty frequently. I love the Red Velvet the best, and their pistachio second. And don't EVEN think about taking my mayorship...I'll hurt you!
4	Our favorite frozen yogurt place.I love that:1) It is yummy2) It is self serve - you get what you want and you pay by the ounce3) There are lots of awesome toppings4) It is clean5) The people are friendly6) Reasonably priced7) Frequent purchase cards rack up a discount really quick8) It is yummyI do not love that they use high fructose corn syrup.  When I inquired about this they said they only use enough to hold the yogurt - so it is not drippy.  I don't know HOW much that is...I am hoping it is not much.   I wish it was zero.But I like Yogurtology so much for the other reasons that I still go regularly - in spite of the hfcs.It is the one dessert option that our whole family really loves and gets excited about.
5	I have been to this Yogurtology multiple times and I have never been dissappointed.  I find Mojo's yogurt too grainy and Yogurtland is just lack luster.  Yet, something special happens when M&Ms are added to Yogurtology's Red Velvet.  It's truly magical.  The big secret is to take a walk through the shopping center where fountains, benches and cobblestone paths remove you from the chaotic scene of Camelback Rd.  If Oatmeal Cookie is your thing (sadly, I have had many negative experiences with anything oatmeal), my friends tell me it is divine.
3	Where were you hiding, you silly little fro yo place?!  Normally, I think frozen yogurt is just an ice cream poser but who's judging? Not me.  I quickly got past my "this feels like a buffet-germ phobic" challenges and jumped right in to try nearly every flavor.  The self-serve, long list of interesting options is a taster's delight. Next time, I will do without all the crunchy candy at the end of the buffet line, fill up my bowl a little further and hope to find some type of whipped cream product.  A girl can not live by marshmallow fluff alone.  Primary suggestion for the Yo-Team: Consider the impact of olfaction on taste! Don't mop with pine-sol while the shop is full.  It smells like pee.
4	Best yogurt toppings around!
5	Shared the gingerbread fro-yo with my 2-year-old. I LOVED that it was all self-serve! I didn't feel rushed to make up my mind or freak out over getting the "wrong" flavor or toppings. It also allows you to choose just how much you want, rather than be forced to a pick a size. (Even a small is sometimes tough for me to finish at other fro-yo places). I also liked that the flavors and toppings were somewhat unique. It was also very CLEAN. Will definitely be back!
5	Best (and cleanest) fro yo joint in the city!  The oatmeal cookie and (seasonal) gingerbread flavors are outstanding - really flavorful and creamy.  There is a good selection of both sweet and tart options, and the topping bar is nothing short of amazing.  The candy bars come whole, the fruit is fresh, and they even have baklava!The employees at Yogurtology seem to really enjoy their jobs, and there is always someone wiping up yogurt messes and vacuuming up toppings that have strayed from their buckets.  An enthusiastic 5 stars!
4	Like most of the trends that hit Phoenix, we were a little late to the game, and then our market becomes over saturated to the point I get a little nausesous.  The bright spot is the Yogurtology at least gets the balance between smoothness and tartness right.  I can't do frozen yogur where it is too icy, or too sweet.  I like it really tart and where it actually tastes like yogurt.  If I want it to taste like soft serve, I'd go to DQ or Culvers.  This place is super cute, very well lit and less "sticky" ie it is cleaner than most fro-yo places.  Overall I like it, I can't say that I'm a fan of all flavors and I usually don't even do toppings.  That helps since like many indulgencies, per ounce, it can get a little silly to spend so much per ounce :)
5	Completely measures up.  Love the cleanliness, the music, and the out of this world yogurt.  Its heaven.
4	Everyone is doing a fine job of detailing how they use fresh ingredients and have a good assortment of flavors so I don't need to reiterate that.  I will tell you one thing about Yogurtology that I have noticed that distinguishes them from other Fro-Yo places.  First of all their toppings are about twice as big as any other place I have been to.  Very large pieces.  Which could be good or bad depending on how you look at it.  I think it's a good thing.  Two: Their customer service is very good.  I have been to other places that just sit and wait for you to dispense your product and grab your money.  The folks at Yogurtology engage each customer as they enter the store and go out of their way to assist and educate their customers.  One day I was in there by myself and I witnessed this for about 30 Mins.  One only slight, slight issue I may have is that although their topping sizes are large, as mentioned before, the number of topping offerings is about average.  Probably due to counter space. I have been to some other larger spaces that have toppings bars that rival a salad bar.  Love this place.  I will frequently will drive out of my way to go there.
4	One of the better fro yo experiences I've had in the valley. As others have found it's usually very clean and the help is very helpful, offering free samples and what have you. Mojo is more colorful and interesting inside, but there's no real reason to prefer it over this.
4	I discovered this place at the end of my 2 1/2 months of visiting Phoenix for business.  I quickly made up for my error by visiting several nights in a row!  Great toppings bar, including fresh fruit that looks good even when is generally out of season time.Great flavors, texture, and taste.Small minor annoyance.  They follow you around even if you are the only one wiping up after everything you touch.  It felt a little stalkerish and hampered my exuberance sometimes.  I am all about cleanliness but when you make your customer feel like a nuisance...had to take a star away for same!
4	I live across the street, practically, from a Cold Stone Creamery, but I will drive to get the yogurt here.  The location is spotless, the toppings fresh and the staff friendly. You can sample any flavor and the staff there will assist you with the samples.   On my last visit as I was getting ready to decide on my flavors, when these 3 young girls come in (the oldest around 12 and the youngest about 4) sans parental supervision, forcing their way infront of patrons, each shouting for different samples.  No manners, no please or thank you.  The man working the floor was more patient than I would have been in his position.  Sneeking past these little girls I reach in for some Vanilla and a twist of mango and tart (I love tart!).  Working my way through the toppings I was surprised.  These are not the frozen saucy hyper red strawberries and sugary sweet blueberries....these were fresh real fruit.   Of course I had to add a little Mochi,  a piece of baklavah, 5 cheese cake bits (yes I counted them) and a drizzle of butterscotch over the vanilla.  They have several topping choices it is easy to go overboard since they give you such a big cup.  I would have liked to try some of the winter seasonal flavors they still had up like gingerbread and oatmeal cookie....but ehh maybe those girls did me a favor.
4	Spotless location and super friendly and excited staff (Almost a bit TOO excited to be hawking by-the-pound yogurt--maybe something's being pumped out through the ventilation system?). I had the oatmeal cookie, which was excellent. Great selection of toppings, but some were a bit strange and didn't seem like they'd sit in cup of yogurt so well (whole cream puffs, baklava, and Kit Kat bars, for example).
5	I'm a self serve soft serve snob and I will go out of my way to go to Yogurtology.  Yogurt quality and flavor is top notch.  Creamy, not too soft, perfect flavor!  Toppings are endless and I love that they have Nutella in squeeze bottle.  The girl working the cashier for the last couple of Thursdays has been awesome, friendly and helpful.  Only thing I'd like to see is more seating.  Otherwise, rock on with your bad selves.  Love you yogurtology.  Can you bring one to Tempe?  PLEAAAAZZZZEEEEE!!!!
5	Love!! The yogurt is so so yummy and the employees are friendly and fun. I'm an addict. My only, albeit small, complaint is that the employees are a tad too quick to dust-buster up any toppings that spill from the bowls...kinda makes you feel bad for using them. But not that bad. Oh, and more outside seating please! All in all, divine!
5	Phoenix needs more stores like this.  It has some really interesting flavors of yogurt and more different kinds of toppings than one might expect,.  The keep it more than clean and the staff is really a nice group of kids.  The relaxed setting makes you feel like stopping and having a few minutes to just enjoy your self and friends.  We are lucky to have this store in Phoenix.
5	I was at yogurtology and found out that they have "doggie yogurt" there  from time to time.  What fun was it to walk up last night to watch a couple of ladies feeding their dogs out of small cups at a table on the walkway out front.  Did it seem out of place, not at all.  Another thing I like about this store and this center.Call about the "doggie yogurt" if you want some.  They don't always have it.
5	clean environment...always friendly staff...amazing yogurt (oatmeal cookie is my fav)great stuff to mix in your favorite yogurt
5	If eating 36 ounces of froyo would not be classified as gluttenous, I would have filled 3 cups all the way to the top and totally justified the calories.  (Which I feel fine about because it's like 100 calories for 4 ounces... wait why am I talking about calories?)My friend, Jamie, told me to try Yogurtology last week while we were eating at another frozen yogurt place.  She claimed it was the BEST frozen yogurt.  Jamie, I hope you read this because YOU WERE RIGHT!Yogurtology's yogurt is the best I have ever had.  I feel a little sad that my cup is empty and I'm left dreaming about it.
5	Let's just say, you cannot go wrong with any of the flavors they offer! Feeling like a Pink Lemonade?! I can bet you my life, it tasted like it was sipped from a cup! Instead of biting into a Butterfingers bar, I was licking it! The accuracy of every flavor used in their yogurt was superb!The toppings bar was well stocked, fresh, cleaned!  As I moved passed the fruits and nuts, I noticed the Kit Kat's and Twix were not chopped and still in its full bar form! Elated I was! Also, seeing bakalava as a topping was refreshing!The store interior is quite bland yet still has a modern feel.  I've been to two locations and its pretty consistent.  Also, particular flavors may vary from location to location.  At the moment, Yogurtology is my goto froyo!
5	My favorite yogurt place in the valley- and trust me, I've tried just about all of them.  I don't know why, but Yogurtology always tastes the freshest and least aftificial to me.  I love that they have so many delicious flavors and toppings as well- and never scoff at you when you want to try every flavor! ;)
5	Hands down THEE best yogurt in the valley-bar none. It is NEVER icey. And their topping bar is always impeccably clean. The oatmeal cookie is seriously the best frozen dessert anything I've ever had. It is more expensive than other yogurt shops in the valley but OH so worth it!!
4	I love Yogurtology because every location has a slightly different twist on the high-quality flavors and toppings.  The staff at this location were incredibly knowledgeable and enthusiastic.  The guy who was swirling samples gave some interesting details about how their yogurts are made.  The oatmeal cookie is OUTRAGEOUSLY AMAZING at this location.  It's the closest thing to actually eating an oatmeal cookie--thick, creamy and rich.  Chocolate peanut butter and fabulous flan were also incredibly tasty.  They have a few toppings at the beginning of the line:  brownies, marshmallow oatmeal cookie sandwiches, granola and oreos.  Put these in before you dispense your yogurt to mix up your taste sensation.  The hallmark of Yogurtology is the extensive toppings bar.  It was kept immaculately clean at this location, something I really appreciate.  Some unique toppings included raisins, cotton candy crumble, chocolate logs and crumbled Butterfinger.  Sadly, there's no hot fudge or caramel at this location.  I'll definitely stop by again if I'm in the area!
5	Ah..Yogurtology.  How I miss thee.  Although it's been over 3 months since I've left Arizona, I still miss Yogurtology like a puppy misses its bone.  It's got the best tart froyo hands-down, and is cheaper (and tastier!) than nearby MoJo. The toppings bar is diverse; the fresh fruit is always fresh (instead of on-the-way to rotting like some other places I've been), and they have lots of toppings (Nutella, anyone?)  The store is always clean, and the employees friendly.  I've actually considered getting a membership to nearby LA Fitness just so I can use Yogurtology as a motivator to visit the gym.  If only they would open up a store on the East Coast.
1	This Yogurtology location is apparently owned by someone who does not understand the concept of meeting customer demands.  They have had the same dairy-free flavor for months on end.  I keep getting suckered into going in there with friends and I am always disappointed.  The one dairy free flavor they carry, isn't good!  I have asked for a new flavor and told them they would get more dairy allergy business if they were to carry more/ better options, but the last time I was in there I was informed that the owner's favorite dairy-free flavor is the one they always carry and he refuses to change it.  Hope he likes that flavor more than he likes my business.  Especially now that there is a Nami in downtown, I will certainly not be making the decision to go to Yogurtology ever again!
5	this place is going to give yogurtland a run for their money! the yogurt is just as tasty and creamy and the toppings are BETTER. as in, toasted coconut. do any of the other amazing full sized candy bar toppings or super fresh fruits even matter once you realize their coconut has been toasted?if you ever want to win my heart, bring me a vanilla yogurt w strawberries and toasted coconut. there's a joyful hum going on the entire time i eat it.  PLUS 10% off or something if you work in the area, frequent stampers card that you DONT have to carry around in your wallet.this place is the jam!
4	The Art + Science of Yogurt, according to their website.  I was keen on trying this place out due to my friend's overwhelmingly, enthusiastic proclamation that this was the best yogurt ever.  Fortunately for me, I was in the area, for Yogurtlogy(s) are only located in Arizona and Florida.   I guess I came all the way to Arizona just to try place out! I will say this, Yogurtology..-logy meaning study of, hence study of yogurt that it's pretty good,albeit a little too sweet for my liking.  Self-serve yogurt has become popular nowadays, thanks to Yogurtland and a bunch of copycats.  Yogurtlogy, does have the upper hand, in that the "yogurtologists" create very unique flavors on site.  When I went there, a young man created a salted caramel flavor, and mind you, it was delicious, creamy, and packed with flavor.    Aesthetically, it's more simplistic, with white tables and sleek, modernized chairs.  Several LCDs located throughout.  There are plentiful toppings, but mostly catering to those with a sweet tooth.  I saw full sized twix bars, waffle cones ($1/each), butterfingers, amongst other candy bars, fresh cut fruit, and a whole plethora of other toppings that will surely entice you.  This is not for the faint of heart.  I say go easy on the toppings because the yogurt here is rich and creamy, and to me, doesn't scream nonfat.  It's more of a real dessert.  And your wallet will thank you later.The price is a little higher than Yogurtland at 42 cents/oz.  One thing I noticed when the yogurt comes out, it doesn't have the swirls, it just comes straight out like a slithering eel.  I wish it had those pretty peaks.  Hours of operation: Sun to Thurs: 11 - 9 PM, Fri & Sat: 11 - 10 PM.   Also, if you sign up for their mailing list, you can receive coupons straight to your inbox.
5	This place is a lot of fun. You grab a large bowl fit for as much yogurt and toppings that you want. Then you proceed to self serve yourself what you pick for yogurt and toppings. The combinations are endless. You pay by having your bowl weighed. I really enjoyed this yummy, original yogurt shop. They have THE BEST toppings around. My favorites were snowcaps, raspberry chocolate bits, Captian Crunch, Nutella topping, Ghiradelli caramel topping, and putting a oatmeal cream pie cookie on the side. I rate this 5 stars because its my new favorite desert spot.
5	The best frozen yogurt I've ever had! I used to love Pink Berry but this is seriously the best flavored yogurt I've ever had. Loved the salted caramel flavor and my toddler loved all the topping options.so glad we live close by!
5	Yogurtology is the best!! Seriously, we live a solid 20 minutes away with no traffic, and I refuse to go anywhere else. For real... the boyfriend one time mentioned visiting another yogurt place near our house, and I told him talk like that was grounds for breaking up. I don't play when it comes to frozen yogurt...Threats aside, this place is awesome. Once upon a time, the place was an old ice cream shop, so I see they converted it well (basically looks the same). Next to the Souper Salad and My Sister's Closet, parking is awesome and there is generally enough seating inside (with overflow chairs/tables outside).Different flavors every single time we come here-- staples obviously are vanilla and chocolate, and they usually offer some type of sugar-free frozen yogurt option too, if you want/need that.Toppings are varied and plentiful-- I'm a chocolate lover, so I always go for the Twix, chocolate sprinkles, and whatever else strikes my fancy. They also have crushed Andes occasionally, cherries all the time, plus mochi, coconut flakes, crushed Reese's Pieces... and toppings like Peanut Butter Sauce, Nutella, Marshmallow Fluff, Chocolate Syrup...Pretty much if you can imagine it, they probably have it as a toppings. I'm not a fruit girl, but I know they always have kiwis, strawberries... maybe blueberries? Not sure, but they have a TON of fruit options as well as chocolate toppings :)The place is bright white and very clean inside. I've never seen toppings splattered around, and although the outside tables can get a little messy, the inside tables generally stay pretty clean.It seems like high school kid workers rotate in and out on a regular basis, so I can't say I have a favorite Yogurtology worker, but everyone there is really nice, friendly, and helpful. One of the things that first made us love Yogurtology is how friendly and nice the workers are there. If you've never been before, they walk you through the process and offer you a ton of free samples. Very pleasant!We basically go here once a week... if not more ;) If you're like us, sign up for their frequent member card - you get discounts like $3 off or a free yogurt. It's worth it!
4	A solid choice for any froyo lover; but I find it hard to visit with Mojo only 2 blocks away. I just can't stay away from mojo with their b1g1 free yelp check in, which shows from my huge (# of check-ins there). Otherwise, their yogurt is tasty and the toppings are fresh.
5	Consistently the best and most innovative flavors of any of the mighty Fro-Yo offerings.  Their plain base tart flavor is excellent and their flavors tend to taste very natural or very close approximations to their intended dessert (oatmeal cookie).  Nice staff, easy rewards program, clean, bright interiors.  A lot to like.
5	This is by far my favorite Fro-Yo joint in the area. I'd MUCH rather come to Yogurtology than drive another mile down the road and hit up Mojo.Yogurtology always has a great selection of flavors and the people working are usually great. There is one guy - not sure if he is a manager or what - but every time my boyfriend and I are in there when he is, he talks to us a ton, always suggests fun new combos and really seems to value our opinion on the flavors and toppings available.Yogurtology is always a fun experience and yummy treat.
1	I used to love this Yogurtology (see: glowing review below.) But now? I'll never be back.Over the past month and a half, I've gone to Yogurtology 3 times (I'd be there more, but I live a solid 20 min. away with no traffic-- but it was really that good!)During those 3 visits, I was treated rudely, ignored, and basically given the impression that my business was not wanted. What happened? Apparently, the same boy works every single day I've gone (and yes, he's a boy... obviously not even out of high school). He's rude, often has his friends in the shop, and is incompetent.The high school students Yogurtology used to hire were great-- there was one guy in particular who was funny, outgoing, and gave the place energy! But not anymore.First time I went-- no place to sit because this kid/worker's friends had taken all the inside spots. Not only were they taking a bunch of free samples, they were also loudly talking about how girls are all "hoes" and how ugly "hoes" are the worst-- come on, seriously??? In Yogurtology where there are children??Second time-- no place to sit because this kid hadn't bothered off to clean off all the sticky tables. I literally had to eat my froyo in the car because there was no CLEAN place to sit.This last time (today)?: Kid gave free samples to 3 people (a small family) standing in front of us. When my boyfriend and I walked up to ask him about trying the 'Spicy Banana Mango' (because seriously, who doesn't want to sample that???) he ignored us and walked away behind the counter.Given all the other frozen yogurt shops closer to where I live, this is an incredibly stupid move for Yogurtology. Hire some real workers and fire this clown who obviously doesn't care enough to do his job right.I will never, ever be back.
2	Where do  I begin? If you've ever been to a self serve yogurt shop, this place is no different. I guess it only has 12 flavors than 36, but still...nothing mind blowing. Pomegranite blueberry sorbet is pretty good, but otherwise it's just ok. Interesting topping selection though if you are into that. Oh, decor is pretty sleek. Cool, modern. Yeah...
2	We tried to like this place again tonight because although the last time we were in the yogurt wasn't the best the kid behind the counter , a bears fan was awesome but tonight was a different story! The kid behind the counter was horrible, when we asked for the peanut butter topping he stated it was in back & washed with 30 min before. Close we were surprised that he refused to go back & get it. Then much to our dismay when we got back to the hospital with our yogurt the Acai was spoiled, it was fermented & unedable! Do yourself a favor & never go there!
5	My top rated yogurt shop in Phoenix.. I love this place.  Many flavors (always changing them around); many toppings to choose from, never boring.  I will go out of my way to get my yogurt fix from Yogurtology...  The Rewards program is just about as cool as the yogurt..check it out..   Staff are always friendly, no issues with that... They could use a few more tables and spruce up the interior a bit.. but it is clean and tidy .
5	Great flavors and toppings. You can even get a waffle cone. I'll be back for the blackberry flavor alone.
4	As self serve dessert places go...I think Yogurtology ranks among the best.. At least a dozen varieties of frozen yogurts and a whole area dedicated to toppings. The employees are super friendly and super helpful.
4	YUM! The flavors were great! Oatmeal cookie and caramel apple were great and tasted just like the real thing. The only reason I gave 4 instead of 5 is because some of the toppings such as the twinkies and baklava were whole pieces and I wish I could have just grabbed pieces of them instead of a whole one...toppings like those could add a lot of $$ very quickly so I skipped those ones.
2	Really austere, creepy interior. It's all white and chrome and too OPEN - gives me a weird vibe. The girl working there was really nice and came right out from behind the counter to offer us samples of flavours. BUT they had hardly any flavour choices I'd want (coconut, pistachio, hazelnut, pomegranate all sound gross). I went with typical salted caramel and vanilla. They had a lot of different toppings I haven't seen at the other yogurt places I've tried (like whole Hostess Zingers and donuts?!) but a lot of the bars weren't chunked up so you couldn't really mix them into the yogurt, just kind of add it to your lot. Overall, another typical yogurt place that's trying to be a little too high-class for what it is.
4	Super close to our house, they had a Salted Carmel yogurt that was redonkulously good.  Tons of toppings (including WHOLE pieces of Kit kats and Swiss Bars!? What?!) and choices for flavors.  There is an area to sit outside and enjoy Uptown/Biltmore people watching, which is its own animal!Nice place!
4	The yogurt was amazing, and the toppings were on another level. How do you fit whole kit kats and oatmeal creme pies into a yogurt cup? Also, the young dark haired attendant was over the top with the cleanliness, I smell a raise in his future.
3	Yogurtolgy was my very first froyo place.  It was quite an experience.  I filled my froyo cup up with three favors (mint, oatmeal, and strawberry).  Next stop was the toppings, added some Reese's pieces and some coconut. Then I went to the cashier to pay my froyo. So, I did not realize that they charge you by ounce at the time.  It was $10.00 for my cup of froyo.  If you ever go to a frozen yogurt place, just remember that they charge by ounce. :)
5	I like the neo midcentury modern interior and the yogurt flavors are excellent... fresh toppings too.
3	With all the competition, you've got to step it up a notch, yogurtology! Last time I went there had been a change in the texture of the yogurt to something a little more dense than usual...similar to soft serve ice cream. And, PRETTY PLEASE, WITH A CHERRY ON TOP, will you please chop up some of your candy options!! I don't need a whole little debbie or kit kat bar to sit on top of my froyo.
4	Just get out of a film at Scottsdale Fashion Square? Your mouth is on overload from salted popcorn? You are feeling the need for something cool and sweet, but not too sweet? Well, just a few doors down is Yogurtology. A sure hit for that "been-at-sea-too-long" dry salty sea air mouth. Just a small cup of one, two, or three of their refreshing flavors will clear up that feeling of way too much salty sea air.Just be careful you don't fill that cup too full or you will have to take out a loan from your child's college fund to pay for it. Yes, it can get expensive, if you are not careful, especially with the multitude of scrumptious flavors and toppings. But it is worth every penny. Oh so sweet and refreshing. Yogurtology . . . . here I come!
3	The yogurt is great and they have the usual assortment of flavors. But unfortunately they were a little short handed on staff. I could have actually walked out of the place without paying if I wanted. But waited several minutes for the dude to reappear from the bowels of the store to take my payment. I just patted myself on the back and was glad that I didn't own the store. It's no telling how many drive offs that they have had.
4	Great place, exceptionally clean, great flavor selection, but outrageously expensive.  A bowl of frozen yogurt with a few berries on top should not cost almost $8.  I know it's par for the course at every frozen yogurt shop, but it's ridiculous!!  It can not possibly cost that much to make that stuff!
4	This is what frozen yogurt should be - creamy, saturated flavors. Not icy. Try the mint Oreo!  Delish!  A must-visit whenever I travel to Phoenix.
2	Go with mojo or any of the other places.
4	The oatmeal cookie foryo here totally lives up to the hype. It's amazing. Also, I tried a sample of graham cracker crust the other day and that was really good too. They have fancier toppings than most of the other froyo places and they are more spread out across the valley. One star docked for not being able to get your own samples (why...weird), and for being a little pricey.
4	Love this place but it's not all that great for my petite figure. Sweet flavors that melt in your mouth. It's the perfect choice to spoil yourself every now and then. Cheers!
5	Staff was very friendly and attentive. The location was very clean. And the froyo is great! Get the chocolate turtles! Mmm!
5	Really great fro-yo, and this place is spotless!!! Staff is very friendly, too. Great location, too. Introduced to this place via Groupon, but I will keep coming back!
5	Tried Yogurtology for the first time and boy do I love it.  The way that the frozen yogurt comes out of the machine just makes it look so light and smooth!  This place is extremely clean and staff is friendly.  A variety of flavors makes always creates a big bowl of froyo if you're a mixer!The one thing I don't like about the toppings area is the normal size of some of the candy.  What am I going to do with a KitKat, large brownie or yodel??  Although, it is a great idea to make your dream sundae - how am I supposed to eat that with my froyo.  Please provide a knife Yogurtology!!  Otherwise, this is a great place!
5	So, I'm 27 but when I come here I feel like I am 5. They let you sample the flavors and there are so many toppings. My favorite flavor so far is cupcake. The guy working there told me that they switch out the flavors as soon as they run out, 2 days or so. I love that it is fresh and not too sweet. Those little fruit mango bubble topping things are so good!
5	I tried every single flavor there was in there, I end up getting the pomegranate raspberry and the strawberry milk shake. With fresh fruits sprinkled with milk chocolate chips and two cherries on top!!!! Delicious  Chad was awesome. Go say hi  :D
4	Cute retro, mid century modern, designed yogurt shop. The shop girls are friendly but I do find it a bit odd that they come around and oversee patrons as they self-select the yogurt. I guess I'm just accustomed to being left to go hog wild in my yogurt selections without having to be self conscious about an employee looking over my shoulder. Maybe the shop is badly designed with bad blind spots and there are too many opportunities for us to get into trouble. Anyways I hope the shop finds a way to be less conspicuous about keeping an eye on us would-be troublemakers. Kudos to their raspberry sauce. I was delighted that it didn't come in a squeeze bottle and contained bits of whole raspberries. Their topping selection as a whole is very impressive. You can get whole hostess cupcakes and little Debbie peanut butter wafers among other non-traditional toppings.
5	I normally go to zoyo but I'll drive a little further for this place. I really liked the no sugar added vanilla. I was sold when I saw the stack of mini chocolate donuts. I also like the how they have the full sized candy bars.
4	Cake batter, tart original and strawberry shake. Yum. Not much to say here, but the staff was friendly, the store was clean and the yogurt was yummy!
2	I went here with a friend one night, the flavors weren't that good. Also the woman who was working had terrible customer service. She rang my order up wrong and didn't make any eye contact. Not good....
1	Came in to check it out for the first time, it's 3:46pm they close at 4pm- everything was put away and the young lady that works there said: they were already done for the day- my whole point is why say you close at 4pm & have the door open for business! Very upset!!!!
3	Great selection of flavors. Staff was weird about sampling though -- a worker wouldn't give us our own cups. I guess that's fair though, since so many people take advantage of samples.
1	First of all, I've always enjoyed going to Yogurtology and usually choose them over the others. HOWEVER.. I went in there with my mother while one of the owners (not sure from which store as she mentioned to the other employees, very loudly that the store was corporate owned) was in that night. She had the most fake happy personality I've come across in awhile and I've been working in retail for 16 years. The fakeness was tolerable, however her attitude and absolute anal retentiveness at talking to the other staff there was not. I'm pretty sure they did not need to be told 7 times in the course of 15 minutes how absolutely perfect the add in bar needed to be because it was their "look". Not to mention it doesn't need to be said so loudly that the customers can hear you!  Over and over again! Who cares if the spoon isn't at a perfect 90 degree angle! I understand training your employees but this woman was so over the top I wanted to mess up the whole bar just to spite her. It was obvious the employees were not happy with her. Having worked at great retail stores myself, of whom consistently topped lists of the best companies to work for, I know good upper management makes great employees which in turn makes happy customers. And those poor girls she was spitting the most OCD and intelligence insulting orders at had probably lost their will to live let alone do their job well.  No one should have to work with people like this woman. Also, what happened to the spouts on the yogurt dispensers? They now make the yogurt look like poo. And the store always smells like chemicals.
1	Great yogurt but wow.  7:40 and the employees want to go home.  The serving spoons have been removed  and customers are using plastic spoons and cross contaminating the toppings.  Gross for one and very bad for those that may have a food allergy.  Employees are focused on emptying the garbage and side work rather than customer service.  This place has gone downhill.
5	Not so typical bulk fro-yo place.  The yogurt itself is a very good quality (about 10 vanities,  try the salted caramel) but it's the toppings bar that earns it a full 5 stars. I've never seen anything like it. From fruits to nuts to candy to toasted coconut to Yodels. Yes,  I said it, Yodels. Yum!
4	I've been here a couple of times - it's not typical for me to go out of my way for frozen yogurt.Really appreciate how clean the store is kept - it looks brand new and spotless no matter the time of day - and the toppings bar area is constantly cleaned and replenished - always picture perfect.There is a good variety of flavors available. (10, I think?) And the staff is always friendly and quick to offer samples.Of course, as with most frozen yogurt places these days, you get to pile all the yuminess you want into the cup, and pay by weight when you're masterpiece is complete. That can add up REALLY fast!Fresh, clean, friendly, and good selection of yogurt and toppings? I'll definitely be back!
2	Usually a great place. I went this time and no sugar free option. At least one sugar free flavor should be the norm.
5	All frozen yogurt is not created equal!  Yogurtology is THE spot for creamy and non-icy froyo in town.  Upon talking with them, we found out they make their flavors from scratch, and it shows.  The oatmeal cookie flavor is insane, as well as the lemon pound cake, which is often a guest flavor.  This is the place you drive out of the way to get your yogurt fix!
4	Good food and very clean but a bit pricey. So so overall.
5	SOLID SOLID SOLID. Service beats zoyo any day! Amazing crew, amazing selection. Cheers!
1	Did not have no sugar added flavors. Store is large enough to have one designated dispenser.
5	Best yogurt in Arizona! The yogurt is so creamy and flavorful Lots of toppings and the place is so clean ! Love it here
5	I love this place.  My boyfriend and I enjoy frozen yogurt more than any other "treat", and we've tried several different places.  This is our favorite though, as they have many different flavors that change every time we go in.  However, this is unfortunate because last time I went in they had a pumpkin pie flavor that was perfect with just graham cracker crumbs on it and I hope its there next time we go too.The place is SPOTLESS.  Even the area with the toppings which would usually get even a little messy because of people using the area is kept pristine.  There's nothing out of place, no yucky anything anywhere.They also have a loyalty thing that doesn't require you to carry a card around. You just give them your phone # every time and it accumulates for you.  Everyone who works there is very friendly.  This is our new favorite place.
