5	Best Japanese curry this side of Kyoto.  Other items are pretty good too but you gotta get away from the same old teriyaki people.  Food has always been hot and fresh.  Service has been great too.  I've been coming here for about 10 years and always really enjoyed this place.
5	Nestled away beside the Tokyo market, Supersigns and Dunkin Donuts on the south east corner of Priest and University. This is an office lunch time favorite. It's not very big, so don't bring the whole office here. I don't know for sure but I think it's owner operated. I enjoy going to owner operated places because the staff care about you. They have a complete menu as well as "lunch boxes". The lunch boxes are an equivalent to a combo meal. It has 2 side items, the main dish, and a soda for under $10. The serving sizes are large. Their green tea is amazing.Tokyo Stop is not a very decorated place. So if you are looking for a place that seems like an American rendition of a Japanese theme then you've gone to the wrong place. It's like a straight forward eating spot.I highly recommend the teriyaki chicken with the brown rice. The brown rice is soft and tasty and the teriyaki sauce is a thick well balanced gravy. Fast in Fast out.Tokyo stop is not open during the weekends and they close before 5pm during the week.
3	Is it Japanese? Is it Korean? Hmm, not being an expert, I'm not quite sure. There is a varied menu, with both Japanese and Korean food. I think the owner guy is Korean, so I usually order the Bulgogi. It's decent, if a tiny bit overly salty, and they give you a giant portion with lots of good sticky rice. Lunch boxes come with sides like spring rolls, edamame, or California rolls, which some of my work friends really enjoy.The service is the absolute best part, mostly because the nice gentleman who is always behind the counter recognizes his customers and greets them warmly. He really makes the experience. ; )Also, when you are done, you are obligated to go next door to the Japanese market to buy some ramen, udon, or ramune drinks. This really completes the Tokyo Stop experience for my friends and I. Recommended for an affordable lunch, but be careful... it can get busy!
4	Really enjoyed the Tokyo Stop. I'm a huge bulgogi/yakiniku fan so the fact that they offered it was a big plus to start with. I'm not huge on veggies in my bulgogi though so thats what cost it a star. It was very tasty however and a large portion. The fact that a Japanese place calls it bulgogi sorta threw me a little bit. Like some others on here I was wondering if it was Japanese or Korean too. I'm going Japanese as the owner & I had a lovely conversation about my time living in Japan. He commented "I miss Japan" and, of course, I said "I do too". Anyone that knows me or my family knows these words are uttered several times a week in our house, usually after waxing sentimental about my beloved MOS Burger. I'll have to try the curry that Matthew K. recommends. Its a tossup as to whether curry or yakiniku is my fav food in the world.
4	When I first moved to Arizona (11 years ago) I missed good Japanese food.  Little did I know that a few minutes from where I worked there was this little treasure.  It's great.  Over the years I've seen different owners come and go and the food somehow stays the same.  I suppose if it aint broke don't go f'ing around with it.  The Yakisoba is good.  The combo chicken teriyaki with veggies is good.  A large is food enough for three people easily.  Unless you are completely famished.  The green tea they have makes you feel like you are cleaning out all the impurities from the weekend and putting something good in your body.  They have a limited delivery zone and it has to be over $20.00.  Oh I almost forgot the potstickers are good too.  The dipping sauce is so simple and yet I have NEVER been able to duplicate it @ home.
3	Food was pretty good. Although I have to say, i kind of feel lousy now but it might just be due to eating so much of it, so fast. Had the spicy pork, which was, well, very spicy. Cheap too. The place is small and i have heard its fairly busy. You can call ahead or order on their web site (web site sucks, btw).
4	The only words that come to mind when I think about Tokyo Stop are deliciousness, fast, and cheap!Per the advice of other Yelp readers, I had their Japanese Noodles and the chicken curry.  I wasn't a huge fan of the curry.. I wished it was not as thick and spicier... the Noodles however, more than made up for the shortcomings of the curry.   I definitely will go back and try more of the menu!
4	I keep going back to Tokyo Stop, as do all my friends, so I'm giving it an extra star. Plus, it's always packed! The teriyaki chicken is my new favorite. It's large enough to share with a friend for lunch, as long as you get the lunch combo... : )
3	I have visited Tokyo Stop twice now for an a-ok lunch. There's nothing really bad about Tokyo Stop, but it just hasn't blown my socks off. On my first visit I had the bulgogi plate. It was HUGE. Full of hot marinated beef and a large serving of white rice. I've had bulgogi several times before and this bulgogi is a-ok. Again, not the best I have had, but not bad! I poured Sriracha all over it and I was a happy girl! The second time I visited, I ordered the teriyaki chicken combo. Again, another a-ok dish. Nothing fancy! The prices for each dishs is VERY reasonable. I don't think I've paid over $7 for anything.I would most certainly visit Tokyo Stop again. They offer a solid lunch at reasonable prices.
5	I think this is one of the best Japanese/Asian fastfood/rice bowl places in the valley.  I have been going to them for over 10 years when I have worked at various places in the Tempe area.  They have really good rice bowls and a large variety of toppings to put in them, from curry to teriyaki to bulgogi to spicy chicken, chili chicken and good veggies.   I really like the miso soup they have and often order that as a side.  I would like to see a couple of things: a smaller side dish of california rolls, and soup.  On the lunch combos, I'd like to see a bit more flexibility with a choice of entree and two sides rather than a list of set entrees and sides.  Normally this might subtract a star from the "As good as it gets" rating but Tokyo Stop has been consistently good to me for so long that they get the bonus star.  They also get a bonus for taking American Express (they used to not).
3	Full Disclosure: I work down the street from this place, that being said, it's general closeness to my work does mean that it's more attractive to me. So basically, Tokyo Stop is a "fast food" asian place that delivers HUGE. If you are starving, this is the place to go. I'm serious. You know those mexican places that serve up burritos that keep you full for the entire day? Same concept, different genre of food. So far, I've had 4 meals there, the Sweet and Sour Chicken, The Orange Chicken, the Hot and Spicy Chicken, and the House Chili Chicken, and I'm only going to review the first 3, because the House Chile and the Hot  and Spicy were the exact same thing. With the Sweet & Sour/Orange chicken, the restaurant suffers slightly. I attribute that to the fact that the super deep fried pieces of chicken are completely soaked in sauce. For the Sweet & Sour, the addition of Sriracha helped add the "sour" to the sauce, but for the Orange...well lets just say I've had my fill of Orange Marmalade for a year. The Hot & Spicy is really where this place shines. The chicken is perfectly cooked( lightly fried in chili oil) and topped off with vegetables and chilis. Goes great with the tableside spicy rice seasoning.And now, the price. For about 6 bucks, you get a huge meal, and wonderful service. My only issue with place (minus the sauce) is the lack of room, but Dunkin Donuts is right down the way, and they have outside tables. It isn't perfect, but it's tasty and fast. I've certainly had better, but I keep coming back.
2	The first time I went to this place, I got a veggie yakisoba.I was very impressed that their vegetables seem to be cooked from fresh, not frozen. I also really like that they have a smaller size option about half the size of your usual styrofoam box. It was greasier than I care for, but that is a common issue with fast food yakisoba noodles.The second time I went I got a tofu veggie thing over rice. I was starving so I thought it was great, until I came across a piece of chicken in it. Regardless of being vegetarian, meat does need to be stored seperately to be sanitary, so this is worrisome. My boyfriend ate the rest of it and said he thought it was "ok" but he would've rather had something else. I really wanted to like this place since its so convenient for me, but I won't be eating there again.
5	i was a HUGE fan of this place when i was at ASU!  very hearty portions, a of meat too.  usually makes for 2 meals.  oh, and cheap!the owners are super friendly and remember their regulars.i believe they are linked too the japanese market over in the corner of the same shopping center... which is also a GREAT place.
4	previously reviewer couldn't be more correct;tokyo stop is a lot of bang for your buckthe food is prepared really fast and its pretty deliciousthe portions are healthy and service is with a smileLast time i came here i just said "give me whatever is good"the owner/clerk/chef idk smiled widly and nodded several times and was off, in a mere matter of minutes he came back with a few beads of sweat on his brow and some wonderfully aromatic food sealed up inside a styrofoam takeaway boxi get home and open it to discover a bed of steamed rice topped w/ spiced veggies; cabbage carrots, broccolli, etc etc, and huge chunks of white breaded chicken meat, apparently chicken katsuwith sides of gyoza and dipping sauce and a humongous mound of soy beans, sooo many soy beans! home boy did not skimp on the soy beans! loldelicious and fast, service w/ a smile...did i mention it was like $7??all grins from me ^_________^
3	Pretty authentic Japanese fast food (but Korean owner I think so Bulgogi on the menu is an added plus). Big portions. Very fast. Super friendly owner/cashier. Modest space. It is what it is. One star better than Kyoto Bowl if that helps orient you folks who like Japanese fast food. Also - super authentic Japanese chicken curry (brown meat if that matters) - not always easy to find in the Valley.
3	The owner is the best! So nice and he makes every effort to remember everyone. I don't know how he does it but after my second visit probably spread out over a month he remembered my name and my order. He greets everyone as they walk in too. This place starts jamming at lunch. Not a lot of seating so if your planning on going during the lunch rush you may want to call in your order ahead of time or take it to go. This food is good for the price. The rice is great and the chicken and other entrees are as good as any other rice bowl restaurant. They have an apple cinnamon green tea that I really enjoy. Overall, pretty good...probably not the best quality, but the rice and veggies are really fresh, the food is tasty and the service comes with a smile.
4	If you're looking for a place to get great teriyaki chicken on the fly, at a great place look no further. The owner is extremely friendly, and the portions are large. The chicken is grilled to perfection, and the rice is cooked just right. It's the place to go if you're hungry and want to spend less than $8 for lunch (drink included).
4	We originally stopped at the little Japanese store next door for their lunch bowls, but being underwhelmed by the selection and seeing very little room inside to eat, we wandered next door to Tokyo Stop.I love these little places--very small, but low overhead means lower prices, and less of a chance that the place will go out of business. We were there for lunch, and the place was super busy, but the owner treated everyone like they were a VIP customer. The food was good--I had the Katsu Bowl, while my wife and stepson had different types of noodles (can't recall exactly what now...this was a few days ago). Anyway, everything was good--not great--but good, and especially good for the price. Again, this is a very non-fancy, family run, very small, very friendly, inexpensive, decent place for lunch. Try it out next time you are in the area.
4	Great stuff! The guy at the counter / owner is awesome and really made us feel welcome. I had a teriyaki lunch special with a small salad and 2 california rolls. The teriyaki was awesome! The salad was "ok", some lettuce carrots and cucumber. The rolls were good too. It's really close to my work so I'm sure I'll be back many times.
3	Jury still out....  I ate there once and it was not so good but I still have high hopes!
4	Great rice bowls, fast service even when they are slammed, which is typical at lunchtime. Limited seating so plan for takeout. Also, there is a convenient small Asian grocery located next door.
1	The owners are Korean, the lady was really nice.She made eye contact and smiled and greeted us.The guy... I don't think he meant to be racist,but when a couple Latinos/ ppl of Hispanic decent came in the store and orders,he goes "Amigo, someting wrong?" I could not believe my ears lol.The food... I can cook better (and I'm pretty pathetic)I ordered sukiyaki and my bf ordered bulgogi.Sukiyaki was just veggies (carrots and lettuce) on top of rice. almost no meat.Bulgogi was not well seasoned.The food was bland and nasty.Was NOT worth the 15 bucks. Would not go back again.
5	great service great food there's no doubt  that its one of the best place for quick lunch takeout. amount of food they served compare to its price was worth spending.  i highly recommend for those  who are living in asu area because the store is located right next to school campus. come check it out you wont regret it.
4	I've been going here for lunch for over 6 years now.  Clearly a family owned joint that cares about making each customer feel valued and welcome.Listen, it's not the greatest food in the world, but for the price and service it's damn good!  I LOVE the hot and spicy chicken or beef.  My mouth waters very time I think about smothering it in Sriracha sauce.  The veggies and rice are good, but there are times the veggies could be fresher.  There are other times it's great though.  I usually ask for extra veggies so i can pretend I'm being healthy.  Well, that, and the fact that they don't give you much with the regular sized plate.  The extra veggies are free too.  The teriyaki chicken is very good as well as the bulgogi.  The food is cooked fresh and the service tells you that they are really doing everything they can to make you happy.  Check it out for a quick lunch, but beware there can be long lines around 12:45.  It's hit or miss.  If its too busy check out the Original Hoagie Shop next door for amazing food and service as well.
2	this place used to be great. The guys in my office went once a week.  New ownership came, they changed the recipes so now it's gone downhill. Big time.  Please change the recipes back!!!!  I miss the old Tokyo Stop.
2	Ordered the chicken Katsu and it was not fresh. They had basically taken Katsu that had been fried and cut up and re-fried it and yes, it was nasty and nothing like what Chicken Katsu is when it is done fresh. I wish they would just put "re-fried" Chicken Katsu on the board and I would have known not to order it. In addition, I thought it would come with some sort of veggie, even sliced cabbage but it was Katsu and rice. I will say the Katsu sauce is excellent but not good enough to try the Katsu again. I will try the Yakisoba if I go back again, and may raise the review but not cool to what they did with the Chicken Katsu so I'm a little disappointed in the establishment. Bottom line, if you want to order the Chicken Katsu, ask them if it will be fresh made, not Katsu that is sliced and the re-fried.
2	I've only eaten the lunch takeout, so my review is on the food and not the entire restaurant experience.  For lunch, I had the vegetable bowl combo and crab puffs.  First of all, the portion size was huge.  You definitely get a lot for your money.  Second, it's obvious that the teriyaki sauce was just poured over the vegetables, which made me a little sad. I definitely prefer to have my sauce and veggies cooked together, so the veggies pick up some of the flavors.   Not to mention, the flavor of the teriyaki sauce was a little bland.  The veggies were cooked very well, although I would have liked some tofu or water chestnuts/bamboo shoots, or sesame seeds in with my veggies.  The only veggies that came with the dis were cabbage, broccoli, and carrots; no onion, no garlic, no flavor.  The crab puffs were basically crab rangoon, only all the good stuff and not too much cream cheese.  The downside was that the "crab" in the crab puffs was also bland and my order didn't come with the sweet and sour sauce.
4	This place is a great little hole-in-the-wall restaurant.  Love the Teriyaki chicken that they have here and the prices are good too.  The owner was always very nice whenever I went here.  Miss going to eat here now that I've moved out of the area.
4	Chicken Katsu curry.. Or heck any of their curry is amazing.
1	I took my wife to lunch here last week. We both were very disappointed. We sat near the kitchen door. The food was terrible. I have had the teriyaki chicken many times before. This time the chicken was as dry as bacon, and the sauce didn't taste like teriyaki. My wife ordered sweet and sour pork. She  took 2 bites and was afraid to eat more. I tasted it. Neither of us liked it, and we agreed it wasn't even close to tasting like sweet and sour anything.The table was sticky. The floor of the kitchen was filthy. I used to pop in here for lunch. Never again.
5	Charlie is really friendly. If you introduce yourself, he will call you by name everytime you come back. The food is all really tasty. I'm partial to the house chili, but everything I've had there has been good. I think it's kind of healthy. I know it's inexpensive. And all the hot dishes come out piping hot, which is reassuring from a food safety perspective. You have to wonder about that aspect at competing restaurants.
3	Had a beef/chicken bowl, it was okay. The meat was a little bit tough but good for strengthening the teeth.
4	I read the reviews before eating here. I have had three entree's and they were all exellent. Sushi is fresh and delicious. Clean establishment and friendly fast service on all occasions that I was there. The lunch specials are great!
4	Great fast Asian food. Place was packed during lunch. Everything was fresh and flavorful. I like that combos are so cheap and cone with fresh potstickers.
5	Great place especially considering it is "fast food." The food was delicious (I had the chicken yakisoba), the serving size was plenty and I only had to wait for two minutes before getting my food. The cashier lady was extremely nice and pleasant to be around as well. This placed surprised me to be completely honest, I would recommend it to my friends, and I'll definitely be coming back.
3	Always remember. You get what you paid for. Don't expect high quality Japanese food.  I decided to give 3 stars because food is about average. I ordered lunch combo D and spicy tuna roll.  It comes with Chicken, vegetables, edamame, potstickers and a drink. Chicken was  dry, it was expected.  I think many people have commented same about chicken being little dry.  It is cooked on charbroiler. So expect the little dryness.  Spicy tuna roll was fresh and enjoyable. I think they just made it when i ordered it. So make sure to ask when it was made before ordering.  Because it is already made and stored inside the container.Service was good. Owner was friendly and attentive. For the money. This place is a great for quick lunch. I would revisit again if I am in the area.  However, I wouldn't make an effort to drive the distance just to eat.
5	Been here multiple times and the food has never let me down! Super flavorful food, and affordable, they also give you good portions sizes for what you pay
4	Stopped by here not long ago for the first time and I was very pleased! I got lunchbox C, the teriyaki chicken with salad and gyoza, and everything was very tasty and prepared very quickly. The staff was incredibly kind and very grateful for the tip I left. Great place, I'll definitely stop by again!
