2	Just a run of the mill Subway. Ate there last week and noticed a good size cockroach run under the chip rack.I don't think I will be back...
4	Always clean.
4	Great service and the freshest of ingredients.  The guys who work here are really on top of things, and provided me with a great experience, not to mention a fantastic sandwich.
5	They make a typical good sandwich... I go to this particular store because the staff is so sweet.
2	Nice store. The lady who took my order was having a lot of conversation with her fellow employees as opposed to listening to the order.  All the tables were dirty and needed to be cleaned.  My wife doesn't like to bring food home because she would rather enjoy right after being made. We wont eat in again because we had to listen to the staff gossip and eat at a dirty table.  Food was consistent with other subways but run by children.
1	The worst experience at subway. The moment i walked in jennifer was brooming the floor with no acknowledgement of the customer and max was helping another customer 10 min of waiting and she is still cleaning until her co worker told her if she can help the customer. She doesn't even say hi and absolutes terrible customer service. At least the other guy ( max ) was nicer and well mannered but this girl is telling stories to the other guy and keeps forgetting my order and makes faces and funny noises explaining her stories which was just unprofessional. Just disappointing.
1	The worst experience at subway. The moment i walked in Jennifer was cleaning the floor with no acknowledgement or any greeting, and Max was helping another customer 10 min of waiting and she is still cleaning until her co worker told her if she can help me. She doesn't even say hi and absolutes terrible customer service. At least the other guy ( max ) was nicer and well mannered but this girl is telling stories while making me sandwich to the other guy and keeps forgetting my order and makes faces and funny noises explaining her stories which was just unprofessional. Just disappointing. I know its just a subway and not much expectation but hopefully their management will hire descent employees in the future.
