5	I love this place! The name "liquor" in the name makes it sound kinda ghetto, but the store actually has a comprehensive selection of wine, hard liquor, beer, etc.  It's cheaper than BevMo and has four times the selection at the grocery store.  And this location does tasting of different things during the week. I went to buy a bottle of Sake yesterday and they has tastings of Wild Turkey, some Russian River Chardonnay, and whiskey.
4	Lee's is suppose to be The Place in Vegas to get your alcohol.I've also heard that if you can't find your beverage here then you're not gonna find it anywhere.With all those accolades, I had to check this place for myself. I went here on New Year's Eve and Stella called it a drunkard's dream department store.  I have to agree.First, any place that carries Hangar One Vodka gets much love from yours truly.  Then when I found Kona Brewery's Pipeline Porter, I was won over.So I have to admit Lee's carries a wide selection of brew, wine, and spirits.Although, I would've been completely impressed if they carried St. George Whiskey.Overall, I don't think I'll be going anywhere else in Vegas to get my libations.
4	Lee's on Flamingo is a new location for me to visit.  Had to pick up some alcohol for a dinner party on that side of town last night so I yelped Lee's.  This location is nicely spaced and organized.  The wine selection in particular was neat and one of the better organized Lee's in town.  Prices and service the usual.
5	I come to this place so often, never thought to do a review. But here it isThis is where I buy the good stuff. The cheaper stuff and the things i cannot get at smiths. This also the place my friends from California go to because it's cheaper and there is way more of a selection then Bevmo.It's like being a kid in a candy shop. There is so much to see and so much you'd love to get :)
5	Lee's Discount Liquor, is REALLY discounted!When it comes to partying like a rock star, I say, grab your drinks from here!I recently purchased a medium sized bottle of hennessy, patron, 6 pack of smirnoff, and back for another, instead with a 12 pack of smirnoff for almost 85 dollars... "that's what I'm talking about ;D"As for customer service, I was lost coming into this place on my own for the very first time at this location but a kind gentlemen who was giving samples of patron shots, guided my way to my bottle of patron and hennessy. And for the ladies at the house, I suggested bottles of smirnoff that the cashier then pointed out the direction to it's location as he kindly holds my stuff at the cash-wrap. He also asked if he can join the party, I was like "sure, when do you get off!" Haha, but we both knew he was just trying to make me laugh and he was closing anyways...With all the drinks to carry, they even offered to help bring the items into the car, but I was thankful & helped myself out on my own.I had a great experience & I enjoyed the well-trained staff for their service
5	I'm sorry I didn't get his name, but there's a gentleman who works here who is AWESOME. He is so helpful and knowledgeable about wine and beer! He recommended some good German wines to me and later kindly explained the process that Yuengling would have to go through to get their beer in Las Vegas. Best explanation by far.The cashiers didn't seem nearly as enthusiastic, but that's an observation, not a complaint. I picked two wines (they carry about five versions of Riunite! I must try them all!) and the cashier carefully packed them away for me. Free wine tastings from 12-7 on Fridays and Saturdays? Well, if you insist. Can I stay there the whole time? :)
5	This Liquor store is great! I was in there the other day and the store manager, Tom was the best. He pointed out some of the newst micro brews they got in along with their seasonals.We started talking and this guy knows his stuff from his liquor's to his wine's. He helped me picking out some good reds and a bottle of Scotch too.Not only the great service from him, but also their cheap prices will keep me going back.
4	Enourmous 'Sams Club-esque' sized variety coupled with great savings.... What more could you possibly want from a liquor store. Staff know thier stuff amd will answer questions. Cheap prices and locations around town make this a no brainer. 4 stars - not much else you can ask for in a wharehouse liquorstore!
5	My dad used to say, "Never ask a skinny waiter what is good on the menu."  The logic of this statement being that a heavy person has undoubtedly tried everything on the menu, and loves to eat.  I have a similar mantra with wine and spirits.  At Lee's, where the prices really are lower than everywhere else in the valley, there are some "well-versed" conoissuers of libations waiting to offer assistance.  Whether the question is about a spicy Meritage or a nice aged whiskey (Glen Fiddich 18 yr anyone?) someone is there who knows the answer.Everytime I walk into this playground for grownups, I end up leaving with something unexpected.  The reason Lee's is so amazing, besides the well-informed and friendly staff and great prices, is that the inventory is perpetually changing.  Unlike other liquor stores that stock the same labels year round, Lee's is always adding new and interesting variety.  Oh Lee's.  My wallet thanks you, even if my liver curses you.
5	I had to tell you all about an incredible resource at this Lee's location. His name is Sean (sp) and he is a walking, talking, breathing, world of wine knowledge and class. Sean is a Sommelier, and knows more about wine than anyone I've ever met. He is also a personable and classy guy, which makes him I met Sean two weeks ago, and for the past two weeks I've been coming in and talking with him about all sorts of wine and wine knowledge; it's like a free college course! I have learned so much and drank some amazing wines. Be sure to stop in on Friday from 4-7 for wine tasting. It's a great time to meet Sean, learn a bit about wine, and walk out with a great bottle to start your weekend. The prices are still the best in town, and no where else will you find Sean, the epitome of GREAT CUSTOMER SERVICE, CLASS, AND A LOVE FOR HIS CRAFT.
5	When we were in vegas my parents went here because it was reccomended by some friends. it was cheap and had everything even T-shirts. defanintly go here
5	Mr. Lee really does go out of his way to provide us with wOnDerfUl dicounts on the WoNdeRfuL Liquor that Is sold there, now this shop Is In the Timbuktu of Las vegas (meaning...really really far). This Lees's Is allot bigger than other Lee's In area, they have a HUUUUUGE selection on booze and they're lines are always short. 7Eleven Is dandy but Lee's Liquor Is quicker ;-) Hey, who likes to wait to drink?? I rest my case....
5	Vegas best liquor store
5	Every single time we fly to Vegas, we always make sure we make a stop at Lee's for our party rock liquor! lol!I swear this is the biggest liquor store i have ever stepped in & they even have tasters too!I always end up buying more bottles than I should (not necessarily a "bad" thing if you are planning to party in Sin City..hehe) because I always want to try something new since they have so many bottles I haven't even seen (or tasted!) before. *^_^*Among their selections they have giant bottles of Grey goose and the largest variety of mini bottles to purchase.
4	Me going into a nice, big liquor store like this location is probably just as dangerous time and money wise as a woman going into a clothing store.  I am going to spend a LONG time in here!  There is a lot of selection to check out...beer, wine, and spirits.  This is one of the few stores in town where I can ALWAYS find my favorite craft brews.  They carry all the craft brands you know and love, as well as brands you've never heard of before.  And the prices are some of the best you'll find in the valley.Their liquor selection is awesome as well.  Everything from the cheap $3 rot gut brands to the $100+ bottles of liquid excellence, and everything in between.  They also consistently offer value gift packs where you score a bottle of your favorite booze that is accompanied with some cool swag.There are plenty of employees here that can help you either find what you're looking for or can steer you towards something new that you'd like.  And there are multiple tastings offered every month where you get to sample new brands and products, so check their online tastings calender to see when their going on.
4	While not as big as Total Wine, this location of Lee's Discount Liquor has always served me well, especially since it is much closer to my house. Large, clean, well-stocked, with good sales from time to time.  Lines are pretty short, and the employees are friendly and helpful. Occasionally, they have liquor tastings, which is a nice perk, too!
1	Lee's Discount Liquor should remove the word "Discount" from its name. Instead, go to any of the Total Wine & More locations in the Las Vegas area. You will save lots. Same liquor, beer and wine (much larger wine selection too), but at significantly lower prices. Lee's should be ashamed of itself for fleecing LV for so many years.
4	"One Night in Hong Kong Makes a Hard Man Humble"I don't like the lady who works the register but she can scan, swipe and snarl like nobody's business. She reminds me of a mama-san I had a brief discussion with in a Hong Kong "dance" bar.Mama-san: (waggling finger) "You not smile at girls. Ever!"Me: (half-drunk and half-amused) "You not wave finger at me. Ever!"(Enter Triad lookin' dude with tats and scars, aka doorman/bouncer/enforcer/killer)Gulp.End of discussion with mama-san. (And end of smiling.)Nonetheless, Lee's often has great deals as well as a wide selection. I usually come here for Scotch but every so often I'll snag a bottle of wine when feeling especially upper crust and snooty. Lee's also carries numerous brands of beer from around the world. Another nicety I like is all the drinking paraphernalia they offer: shot glasses, flasks, travel cases, highballs, corkscrews, openers. The whole shebang. I wish they kept fresh lemons and limes on hand but oh well. Can't have everything for everyone.Anyway, I try to smile when I come to Lee's but something keeps holding me back. I don't know if it's the lack of dancing girls or the fear of Triads, but whatever the case, this is my go-to liquor store in the Vegas valley. Just don't expect to see me there with my happy-face on.Ever!
4	I realized I don't patronize this franchise enough. I'm a beer snob and prefer my beer on tap but every beer drinker has to have an emergency case or two in his apartment and or beer fridge. I always find good micro brews in 6 packs that are decently priced and if you don't like them you aren't stuck drinking them for the rest of the week or regretting the cost.  Its fun to be adventurous but be smart some things just shouldn't be mixed with beer. I was asked to bring home a bottle of Champagne on my last visit and having no freaking clue I approached one of the clerks; told them what I wanted and what i thought the GF liked in her drinks and she picked out a moderately priced bottle. I took it home and the GF loved it! I will be happy return and highly recommend you visit this location asap!
4	Good beer selection, good booze selection and is well known throughout the valley. Not the friendliest or best service but a decent spot to score some sauce.
4	It's liquor nirvana...and then some. I'm always amazed when you walk in as to how much booze is available here. All kinds of stuff, from the cheapest bottom of the keg barrel beer to the top o' the line premium whiskeys and such. Love it, prices are great and staff is always nice.
4	I can aways get what i need fast and it is not over priced.
1	Does anyone know what this place has to offer someone that does not drink liquor?
4	I've been here before to pick up weekly rations.  Today, I went in to buy some pinot noir and was pleasantly surprised to find a free wine tasting that takes place at this location Thurs-Sat from 12-6PM.  The lady behind the counter, Kiki, was super friendly and I honestly felt like I was a bar enjoying a (free) cocktail or three.  This is where I found Crabbies, a delicious ginger beer I had previously at a beer fest, so I was super happy to rediscover this little gem!I also ended up getting some pinot noir.  As I wandered around aimlessly, one staff member was kind enough to notice I was a bit lost and offered assistance and a recommendation for wine based on my preferences and price range.  I gave this location 4 stars because they have a wide selection and the service is consistently friendly and helpful, but I've found more competitive pricing on the same items at Total Wine & Spirits.
3	Ill keep this one short. They have a good selection of wine, beer and other booze like products. But I would still recommend going to total wine instead. Its cheaper and the selection is the same if not better. On Thursday-Saturday 12pm-6pm they have an alcohol tasting which is nice for some free boozing!
4	I recently lived in North Carolina, where all liquor must be purchased at a state "ABC" store.  It was also somewhat difficult to find a nice selection of craft beers.  It is very refreshing to be able to walk into one store and find whatever you are looking for.  Enormous selection of fermented delights.  Cold beer, a brand of tequila you've never seen before, mixers, bar tools, whatever.  This place is friggin' huge!  And prices are pretty good too, especially on the liquor aisles.  It should be on a list somewhere of places to visit when you come to Las Vegas. Although there aren't a bunch of extra employees around to greet you and answer every little question, I think it's safe to say most folks generally know what they're after when they walk into a liquor store. Great place for connoisseurs and folks that like to experiment with different brands.  Mr. Lee, keep on keepin' on!
4	Picked up a bottle for someone special. Helpful staff!
4	Great place to begin your Las Vegas adventure.      1.They have a superbly large variety of alcohol, personally one of the largest liquor stores I have ever stepped in.      2.They offer a knowledgeable and friendly service especially if you're one of those new liquor connoisseur as well as having tasters.      3.Beer,Wine, and Spirits they will most likely have your favorite poison in stock somewhere in there large store.     4. The prices are reasonable especially if you're planning to party in Sin City.Note: Beware, you might leave with more than what you walked in to purchase.
4	I don't drink alcohol, but the husband does. Plus, every so often I find myself buying alcohol as a gift or for a get-together with family/friends. I really don't know much about alcohol, but I do like this Lee's location for several reasons.1. They really do have the lowest prices! They have better prices than Walmart, even for the cheaper beers.2. Clean, nice, organized, and big store. I have been to other locations, but this one is the best! The store is spacious and everything is stocked up well.3. Friendly employees. At least one employee will approach you and ask if you need help.4. Convenience. No lines, and I can get in and out quickly. Unlike Walmart, you don't need to wait one hour to check out. Parking is never a problem as well.Simple as that. Thank you Lee's for making my life easier!
3	Why is it whenever I visit Lees I get the impression from the staff that they are doing you a big favor selling to you. No one ever asks if you need help. No where near as good as Total Wine.
5	impressive inventory! they have beer that i've had from belgium to new orleans to small breweries in portland. love it!
3	This Lee's is smaller than others in the wine section as well as in the beer section. The staff like to sit and talk about what your buying and why your buying it witch is nice sometimes but often leads to long lines and the quick "in and out" stop now takes about 30 min.
5	Ill start by saying I've never thought much of people working in a liquor store.  (I mean hey would you) But these people know their stuff (if i knew booze they way they did I'm sure id be drunk 24/7). So first ill say what every one else has, huge selection tons of beer, tons of wine, go on selected days and sample wine/liquor... yadda yadda.  Ive had excellent customer service here both times I've ever needed to ask for help in a liquor store.  Once i needed a thank you for a friend who really did me a favor... the aged scotch kind of favor.  knowing nothing of actually enjoying straight hard alcohol (wait we dont drink this in shot glasses) i had no idea what to get... I told him i wanted to keep it under 300, and he pointed me to the glenlivet 21.  It was a fair amount under my price range, which i really respect... I know a lot of places would show me their bottle that cost 299.99.  And once after having an amazing moscoto at a dinner where i ordered a wine pairing i decided i needed this asap... I took a picture of the bottle, lees didn't have it, but the girl had explained what too look for (make sure its a d'asti, the region of italy it comes from) in the wine... she pointed us to a 16 dollar bottle that was amazing!
5	5-Stars across the board!!! I LOVE Lee's Discount Liquor! This has to be like the best of the best when it comes to having a high quality liquor store! They always have any and every type of wine and or premium alcohol that I'm looking for! Just recently they had a SALE on my favorite dark liquor HENNESSY! And often times they have sales on just about anything you can think of that is top shelf, you just have to catch them on the right day! After living in GA for a year having a liquor store that opens at 9 AM is by far a privilege! This location happens to be the closest to my home so I use them on the regular and the staff is also very helpful and courteous when trying to find a certain brand because you WILL get lost in all this alcohol heaven ;-)
1	In November, the Lee's on west Flamingo had a big political sign supporting the rightwing anti-marriage equality nutjob Mark Hutchison.  Mr. Lee can chose  to support political candidates who are bigots.  We can choose to buy our wine and spirits elsewhere... I don't think buying a bottle of wine should involve politics.
