1	I can never for the life of me get some one to help me when I go to this Petco. Theres always one person at the register but there is no one working the floor. Unless they're hiding in the back or something. Anyway, I won't be back, its not worth the annoyance of trying to beg for someone to help. Unlike at petsmart, where people are always waiting to help!
1	I have been coming to this Petco for 2 years....   The only thing good about this place is the store manager but even as nice as she was.... it didnt make up for what happened.I took my dog in to get groomed.  They were understaffed (which nobody told me about when I dropped him of for his appointment.)  so I had to wait longer. Nobody told me it was going to be 2 hours longer than what I was told so I tried to be patient.  Waited.  Waited... I was ignore.....would have been nice if someone had given me an estimated wait time.... then again...they had the first time and look how that worked out.    But I was still keeping my cool.  Hey...things happen.  Then a man walks in with 2 dogs... didnt have an appointment and asks to get both his dogs a nail trim.  NO PROBLEM!!  That's what they say.  So my dog and I are waiting for a total of 5 hours to be taken care of and this guy just walks in and is helped right away.  Understaffed.  That why I had to wait so long.  More like...not a priority.  Thanks a lot.   OH...BUT IM NOT DONE YET..... I took him to my work to show everyone the new "do" and when he rolled over..his undercarrage was wayyyy uneven.   Nobody can really see it so I'm like...whatever today sucked I'm not going to worry about it... and then everyone asks why his tail is so uneven...and then my friend is petting his fur around the neck and asks why he has a dreadlock.  For real guys??  You didn't even brush him out??   I use to tell everyone how great this place was. Sadly, I wont be back
5	Took my 5 month old puppy in for her first groom here today and I am beyond impressed!!! I was a little worried she might be nervous but she fell in love with her sweet groomer, Robin, right away. My dog is a miniature schnauzer so the cut is a little tricky and I was worried they might go to short or too long on the legs. Also, we didn't want the traditional schnauzer face so I was worried about that too. When I picked her up she looked PERFECT!! They really did a great job listening to what we wanted and making it so! She was sent home with a cute pink bandana, a little bag of treats with a big bow, and, best of all, a "my first groom" certificate complete with her photo and gold stars for good behavior. Beyond impressed, will be going back and asking for Robin!!!
1	If I could give this location a zero star rating, I would. I took what use to be my beautiful miniature 5lb maltipoo to be groomed at Petco. Worst experience EVER! Left her there at 11:30 in the morning and at 3:45 she was still wet!  Chris, the "so called-groomer" was trimming her... I questioned why he was doing it basically wet and he looked annoyed by me.... that's when I walked out into the store, as she was clearly not ready to be picked up, and could hear her screaming... I evened asked the retail clerk if this guy ever worked with small dogs.... 30 minutes later... she came out completely chopped up! Nothing about her cut was even and she was completely shaking. Bows would not stay on because her cut was so choppy and you could tell that she was never blown out! The guy must have seen my face as he said he wouldn't charge me. .. but he did say it was "her fault" because she moved a bit!! I am so ticked off as the only thing the manager said to me was that I was the only one who's ever complained about him! ...SERIOUSLY?!?! NEVER TAKE YOUR DOG TO GET GROOMED AT PETCO (unless you like the scruffy mutt look)... I am so regretting this choice. The worst part about the whole thing... nobody there ever offered an apology... just a whole bunch of excuses. =(
1	i went in to get a new collar and a jolly ball. i kept wandering around trying to find the jollyball but couldn't and  NO ONE would help. so i bought the collar and left. so frustrating. you can't ever get customer service in this store
1	I'm going to try hard and not be too brutal. Eek or should just say Meow!Usually come here to pick up some 20 pound bags of Nyjer Thistle Seed for my favorite Goldfinches. They live in my super old and very tall trees that we have both in the front and back yard.Always have a difficult time at this location. The inventory is rarely in the same place and they are usually out of the only thing we want. Wow!Service is friendly once you find someone. Then it just gets frustratingly worse from there. Almost feels like we are talking Pig Latin or something.Today they tell me that the 20 pound bag is no longer an option and we would need to buy several 8 pound bags instead. Just for the record the smaller bags are much more expensive per pound and not something I care to entertain.Did I mention the person who was emptying a deadly smelling cat box in the trash can by the front door. Even though this is an outside trash can ... IT STINKS!1.5 STARS
