4	This year, we sold the truck, and bought a slip -- probably the best investment ever. What a pain it was, to load up the boat with coolers, hook up the trailer, tow the boat all the way the lake. All that gas we used. Then we had to wait to put in, and someone would have to park the trailer, like a mile away. Then we had to maneuver the boat to the ramp to pick up that poor soul. Then at the end of the day, do it all in reverse, and when we're tired, hungry, and sunburned.Now it's drive the car to the lake, where the little golf cart whisks us down to the marina. There, we can pick up a cart for our stuff, which is minimal, since we keep the coolers on the boat. Grab some bags of free ice, stroll down to the boat, load up, cast off, and be gone! When we come back, we just tie up again, grab our stuff, and hop on the shuttle back to our car. They even pick up your trash for you, when you leave the bag at the slip.The marina itself has all the conveniences -- a store, gas, a restaurant and bar -- which are open to the public. Sometimes, the restaurant / bar has a band or karaoke. I'm usually too pooped at the end of the day to check it out. But it sounds like fun.Plus, for members, there are also laundry and shower facilities, and a sort of rec room, with a bank of grills you can use. The staff are always friendly and helpful.For us, it's really been worth every penny. We go to the lake a lot more often now, too, since we don't have to deal with all the stress.
2	We used this marina for a few years, but the service level and overall quality has really gone downhill.  We finally moved out as they reduced or eliminated more and more services, and replaced the long-term and knowledgeable employees with new people that don't really know anything.  It's difficult to get anything done or any help here, and if they agree to help you with anything, the hourly clock is always ticking ($$$).  The attitude is the final straw; they act like you're disturbing their work.Overall the facility is middle of the road.  The docks themselves consist of concrete pavers over floating structure, and are *impossible* to walk on barefoot.  They are too hot in the summer, and the stony surface cuts your feet in any weather.  This is disappointing for a marina.  There is a large restaurant/bar facility, but the service is extremely slow and the prices are astronomical.  Food quality is middle of the road.There are fuel and pump-out docks.  The service docks are a little small so there is often a wait to pump out or fuel.  They let people park at or near the service docks and walk to the store, tying up precious space.  Fuel price is decent and the pump-out stations are well-made and function well.Slip prices have gone down lately as so many people have moved out due to the lack of quality and service.  There may be bargains to be had if you don't mind the negatives.  Just watch your contract, some people have reported that the price on the paperwork varied from the verbal price given.
1	Rented both dry and wet storage. Service was very middle of the road, and several policies hard to swallow. For example, If I took guests to the dinning room, my guests meals were charged at a higher rate, embarrassing and hard to explain if you split a check.After 4 years decided to cancel, was given a very hard time, management insisted we had a year contract and must pay. Our agreement was month to month. After several exchanges, Pleasant Harbor agreed to cancel, given we did not sign a year contract. Now I am told a refund won't be issued until late February at the earliest even though we were done in November.
5	My husband and I have a slip here and are members. We love this marina and its laid back atmosphere. The only downfall to this marina is the long walkway if the shuttle service is busy but you are more than welcome to wait. They do have call boxes for the golf cart shuttles at each end of the walkway. Being a member you have access to private showers and bathrooms, a bbq area thats shaded with tables and chairs, washers and dryers, power and water hookups, 2 free bags of ice daily etc.. Love the staff. All of them are friendly and helpful. The whole marina and docks have the feel of one big happy family. Never have had any issues with theft etc. Definetly laid back with the exception of the party weekends lol.. I reccomend this marina over Scorpion Bay Marina based solely on how laid back and personable Pleasant Harbor is. I have been to Scorpion Bay Marina a few times and things just seem a bit more uptight over there. Not to mention the cops that seem to consistently be driving around. Just an uneasy feeling all around for me. If you plan to get a slip here make sure to talk to Shannon. She knows her stuff. :)
4	I like this marina because it is at least 15 minutes closer than Scorpion Bay and the 10 lane on the other side of the lake.  There is a north and south ramp that are only 4 lanes but mostly experienced boaters back up here.  I have not rented a slip here but I would rather to save the time each trip to the lake.  The food has never been that great here but I would just drive my boat to Dillions on the other side.
1	went to see there Rv area they wanted 6$ just to inquire WTF what a joke you can go across the lake for 25 a night full hook up with better views and you can view the area without paying !!!! DO NOT GO TO THIS SHIT HOLE!!! Bar is a joke go to Dillans at Scorpion bay...Thats what you get for a privately owned area...
4	Great place to enjoy some relaxation with family and friends.  I got an opportunity to spend some time on a friends house boat.  I have to say great views from the roof of the boat, with the sunset over the mountains what else could you ask for?  Another friend did camp out over on the hills, so you could enjoy some views from there, if you don't have a boat.  Plus the Marina does have a bar and restaurant if you would want to spend some time indoors.  If you have never been it is a great place to check out.  I miss the water, being from Cali so this is a great place to remind me that water is only a half an hour drive.  It does cost money to get in I had to shell out $6, but carpooled with 2 other people so it really is not that bad.  Go check it out when you get a chance.
1	Awful customer service!! Went on Memorial Day weekend - what a disaster!  On Sat night the restaurant had to quit taking orders because they were so backed up, there is not ONE working grill (they have like 8), wanted to charge $10 for a breakfast buffet on Sunday but there was NO FOOD!! Trash right by front entrance completely full & overflowing. That is just a few of our complaints. Cannot fathom why ANYONE would come here for an evening or weekend much less rent a slip long term. Go to Scorpion Bay instead!! They have their stuff wired. This harbor is a JOKE.
1	I prefer to give no stars but I do not have that option,  It is very sad, because this could be a great place but owner/management could absolutely care less.  Food is horrible.  Customer service is even worse.  Place is dirty, and not taken care of.  Lights are out, fans don't work.  Everything is filthy, menu's (if that's what you want to call them, they look like a three year old did it) are crumpled dirty pieces of paper that looks like it has been dragged behind a boat, tables, chairs, floors, bar, condiment caddy even the books the bill comes in, all filthy, filthy, filthy.  Garbage dumpsters are located right outside the restaurant and are stacked full of garbage that stinks like you would not believe and is full of insects and I am sure rodents as well.  I was unfortunate enough to pay for their "breakfast buffet"  which consisted of nothing, everything was empty and the little bit they did have made me sick the entire day. My husband went to get me a glass of water and black chunks of grime came out in the glass.  Shows that filth runs ramped and laziness is the norm.   This place is in desperate need of an owner that cares and a staff that knows customer service and professionalism.  They should be ashamed.  Until this changes I would warn all to stay away.  Unless you enjoy paying for watered down booze, filth, bad food, food poisoning and no customer service.  Someone call John Taffer from Bar Rescue!  Go to Dillon's at Scorpion Bay, much better.
1	You could also see bad comments for the @ waterfront bar as well. The harbor patrol guys that roll around are useless.. Boat ramps can be a crazy place with control from harbor patrol they can make it better.
1	Just went there 2 days ago for a Sunday breakfast.  We parked our RV in the lot for a few nights and went down to the restaurant.  Service was so bad.  The waitresses act like you are an inconvenience, they don't know the menu, and the music is too loud for a Sunday morning.  Prices are outrageous.  This is the third time I've been there and every time, the service is slow and snotty.
5	Just had a great night there, had a birthday party for my daughter with 15 of us. Shuttle was great for all my guest that drove out for dinner. Ben had the area I requested all set up. Food was excellent and service was great. They had a good DJ too.  I know in years past this place has had some issues. But Ben and his staff have really turned this place around.  I highly recommend it!
1	Rude, rude, rude, rude, rude people that work there are incredibly rude and unprofessional. I'm not going back that's for sure.
3	As someone who hails from the land of 10,000 lakes, I must say it was a really strange experience to go to a lake that looked like it was surrounded by the desert. To me, this lake seemed like more of a man made pond (is it? can someone confirm this?). I had a paddle board yoga class early in the morning so when i arrived, it was eerily quiet at the Marina. I'm not sure how the boating season works in Arizona but I was shocked at the lack of actual people who were out and about. There was probably one boat out on the water and a handful people who were on the "boardwalk". The area near the dock looked very dirty, so "dirty" that it looked like the floor of a forest because there was a lot of debris and no movement on the water. After this guy started a machine to move the debris, the water cleared up and looked much better. The water was a perfect 71 degrees and once I actually got out on the lake, confirmed that it was pretty clean. There was a restaurant connected to the Marina which seemed like it would be pretty poppin if there were people in the area. The people who worked at the Marina were very helpful and friendly and it was nice that they offered a shuttle service back and forth between the dock and the main parking lot. Parking is easy to find for the Marina and signs are helpful to get you where you need to go. There are a lot of camping spaces surrounding the lake - though I did not really see a beach area for people to lounge around. This place seems like it would be great for grilling and relaxing on a hot summer day and relaxing by the dock at night. I'm interested in seeing how this place is during the busy season.
