4	This is my new favorite bubble tea place. Prices are goodand I highly reccomend the cantonese fried noodles, with chicken. They also serves meals and snacks. Its really closeby the metro and John Molson, so friends can come grab a bubble tea and play some cards. Theres a lounge section seated here too, with TVs and plenty of entertainment stuffs. Great for friends!
5	Nice calm lounge! Great location!Ordered the Mango juice with bubbles! its really good and the cups a pretty big! a little cheaper than the average placesI would definitely recommend this place
5	5 stars goes to the bubble tea!  Strawberry milk tea is great, taro milk green tea is great, or just plain milk green tea sugar free (now that I'm on a diet) is great!  I like the seafood undon noodles soup is amazing there and also I always order the pork vermicilli noodles.  Reasonable price and great for my taste buds.
4	They have amazing bubble tea (the extra-large size is humongous so be careful what you wish for), and their dishes are alright.The food was acceptable and the decor was okay. I love how they have many TVs with different sports channels, so that all kinds of sports fans can enjoy themselves.
4	If there's anything you should know about me, I can't go a full week without bubble tea. I was on vacation here from US, and I was suffering from major bubble tea withdrawal. I stopped by here after a long day of walking to escape the scathing wind. There was only one girl handling all the work in the front, so it was understandable that service was quite slow. I ordered the jasmine milk tea while my boyfriend ordered their mango bubble tea, and  both were DELISH~ I'm a pretty picky person when it comes to my bubble tea, but this place exceeded my expectations. The jasmine milk tea was on point, milky but also able to taste the green tea flavor in it.  I tasted some milk in the mango bubble tea, even though the waitress told us it had no milk in it. My boyfriend is lactose intolerant, so he wasn't actually able to drink his drink, but hey, that means more for me! :) I believe that they also serve a variety of noodle soups to warm yourself up. They have plenty of space in there, so it looks like a great spot to hang out. Definitely recommend stopping by here for great milk tea!PS: their menus look like storybooks! PPS: They have wifi!
