3	One word to describe it, Meh.I've only managed to stomach this place a handful of times.  I'm not sure if it's the placement of the bar right inside the door that causes me to dislike it.  Or the congestion caused by the location of the bar right inside the door.  Further back you go the more spacious it gets, but it never seems to be utilized correctly.  Every time I am there there seems to be something going on which entails that there will always be a cover charge which ranges from $1 for amateur stripper night to $5 for a drag show upstairs.  That's another thing I cannot comprehend about this place, you have two floors of space but if an event is not taking place you only use one floor causing people to be crammed around the bar by the main entrance (yes, I'm still complaining about that). Karaoke night here isn't as bad as other local establishments, people can actually sing.  Drinks are reasonable priced.  Bartenders are attentive.  That is if you can make to the bar for a drink.  One bad drawback about this place is that every once in a while you have a random person roaming around asking if you want to buy drugs off them.  Crack is whack.
2	If you can find the place... Avoid it.It's a tiny hole in the wall of a bar; which is acceptable, considering I live in Chicago and tight bars are our specialty.  I went with friends to see our friend Lola perform in her drag show of the evening.  It was fun enough as money and props flew around the bar's open floor 'stage' area.Had it not been for the somewhat under attentive bartenders and the overwhelming amount of cigarette smoke I would have had myself a fantastic time.Not being a smoker and living in a city where smoking is prohibited in bar and within 15 feet of a public building; I must say... It made me appreciate the Chicago law even more so.  If I were management; I'd figure out how to give your smokers appropriate areas to enjoy their death sticks, away from those of us who'd rather not die as a result of their desire to do so.If you're looking for a good night out, somewhere you can let loose and enjoy yourself... You may want to venture somewhere else.
