4	A Scottish restaurant in a very grand setting in the centre of town. The food is lovely, but it can be a little rich at times, and the service can be a little slow. A good place to take someonne you'd like to impress, though, and it's not ridiculously expensive.
4	Howies is a local chain with a number of restaurants in Edinburgh, it specialises in modern British/Scottish cuisine and proves itself to be popular with both locals and tourists.This branch on Waterloo Place is my favourite to visit for a boozy lunch. It is situated just beneath Calton Hill, so there's always the option to take a stroll up there if you're not too stuffed afterwards. The restaurant is bright and airy, due to the wonderfully high ceilings and tall windows, which drown the place with light (hence why it's good to visit during the day). The service is always impeccable and the food is of a high standard. I'd recommend that you end your meal with the cheeseboard, you get a great selection of delicious Scottish cheeses and oatcakes - don't be afraid to ask the waitress for a few extra, I always find myself with far too much cheese for too few oatcakes!
2	I had been to the other Howies on Victoria Street and was quite looking forward to trying out this one. It's located just underneath Carlton hill, inside a beautiful old building. Despite the great setting the food was a bit of let down. I came here about 3 months ago and ordered the vennison stew with chocolate. Very excited to try this exotic sounding dish we were presented with food, which tasted like it had just been microwaved. Have you ever smelt meat and potatoes that have been microwaved? They have that distinct smell and taste. To add to this, the bread pudding with custard I had, although delicious to start with, was dry in the middle.The girl serving our table was very friendly, although you could she was new on the job. She couldn't understand the order of wine we wanted and kept getting mixed up. Also it took them ages to come take our order in the first place and there weren't that many other customers. I know Howies can do a lot better and I hope this was a one-off thing. Their menu is always impressive and I hope I can write a positive update to this review in the near future.
2	Disappointing compared to its sister restaurants in the city. The Festival custom may have contributed to the gaps in the wine cellar but to run out of white bread seemed rather lax. The well done steak ordered by one of our party was still noticeably bloody and whilst the wait for that to arrive on the table will have contributed to the other meals' cooling I maintain that my risotto was much less hot than it should have been. No complaints about the service (indeed my companions were rather demanding at times but this was handled admirably) but I think I'll be sticking to Victoria Street when it comes to suggesting one of the four establishments to patronise.
3	This location of Howie's lies just at the base of Carlton Hill in an old restored building.We went with a larger sized group for dinner and they did a nice job of accommodating us although the service was pretty slow due to the fact that they had a number of large groups in there at the same time.  There had to be about 60 children at two long tables (looked like a mess hall) while we were there and the noise was unbelievable.But the staff took it all in stride getting us our drinks and our food with smiles on their faces.  I had a simple chicken breast served with potatoes and vegetables and others around me had the bream (a fish).  One in our group ordered a burger and was told it only came "well done" due to the kind of meat . . .which left us wondering just what that meant?   For dessert, the banana cream pie was a hit but I kept wondering all night what made this dinner "Scottish"??  After all- that is their claim to fame.Doubt I would head back to this location if I was on my own, but for a large group they did a good job.
4	Overall:  A solid 4.  Good, well prepared food with some subtle flavors, though one dish could have been better seasoned.  Very good service.  (Caveat:  We only had starters, a drink, and dessert--no main dishes.)  We'd return.Service (4.5):  Very nice staff; attentive without hovering.  Liked having a single waitress rather than a medley of servers.  Would have preferred for her to come by the table once or twice during the meal to see if everything was fine or if we needed anything, but her suggestions were good, the orders correct, and her attitude great overall.Food (4):  Well prepared & well plated.  The cullen skink soup was excellent, with a subtle smoke flavor.  However, one of our dishes--the haggis, neeps, & tatties starter (very good with ginger beer)--did not seem sufficiently seasoned (particularly the vegetables and gravy, which was a little bland).Ambience (3.5):  Nicely renovated older building with somewhat sparse decor (white walls, contemporary furniture, & a few sets of stag antlers on the walls), which makes me wonder if the place gets a bit loud when slightly busy.
