3	I am reviewing the sub side as I have never tried the Smoothie King's offerings but I can say that their counter is always busy.  The subs here are offered in various sizes on fresh bread and made to order in front of you.  One complaint I have is they smash the living daylights out of your sub when they cut it.  The meats are sliced as you order and the veggies are pretty fresh.The indoor seating here is very limited but they have a decent size outdoor patio which is really useless 4 months out of the year.  The parking is pretty tight and gets pretty hectic at lunch time.
4	In high school port of subs was available at our cafeteria so I think that is why I like it so much. They definitely have some pros over subway if you want fast food style subs. The bread is better,you get more meat, and I prefer the veggies as well. The owner would come to our school a lot and he was really nice and caring. I went to this location one time for lunch, and it was a bit chaotic during the rush, but still worth the wait compared to subway! I haven't tried any smoothies yet, but I've heard they are good!
4	This review is only for Smoothie King; I've had a sandwich from Port of Subs once or twice but I've had Smoothie King numerous times...I think they might be a little bit more expensive than Jamba or Robeks depending on what you order... I sometimes spend upwards of $5 which is kind of expensive for a smoothie, but I go back because I really enjoy it.  This location doesn't seem the cleanest, but my favorite thing to order is the lemon high protein smoothie - it's always the perfect refreshing snack when I need something to hold me over for a few hours... i love the tart lemon flavor and i don't feel guilty drinking it either!Depending on your nutritional needs and flavor preference, you can find a smoothie for you... the franchise has existed since the 1980's, so obviously they are doing something right.
4	I used to live off this place. They cut their meats and cheeses fresh like a real deli, so already it kicks the shit out of Subway, Quiznos, and every other fast food deli chain that offers up pre-packaged meats. Their bread and cookies are fresh as well. For some reason, this location has better tasting food than any other Port-o-Subs I've been to. Don't know why.There's always a long line at lunch, but it moves fast. There's some good people watching to be done here - cops eat here, firemen eat here, doctors and nurses eat here, and you also get the entire spectrum of downtown Scottsdale folk... sometimes you would think you arrived at a costume party or they are filming a new Village People video. I don't know what it is and I don't know that it matters either, but good looking people eat here. Whatever you want to make of that... Most of the people that work here are really nice and competent. They keep this place pretty clean as well. Once I noticed some fruit flies buzzing around by the soda machine and was told they sometimes come with the fresh fruit they get for the smoothies (which are fantastic). Outside of that, I can't complain about this sub shop and I eat here all the time... it's almost just about as good as a non-chain place.
3	When I didnt have some many requirements for where I will  eat I used to eat here. The sandwiches are really good and the onions are sliced really thin, the pickles are sliced filet stylr. The toppings are way fresher than its competators. Good sammies cheap. Better meat too they slice it right there
