2	As a diagnostician, he is very capable. Unfortunately as a person, he's rather unlikeable, borderline rude, and appears unconcerned with what the patient has to say.Overall: meh.
5	I found him to be a great doctor. He ended up having to fuse me. He fought me on the fusion for a long time. At the end there was nothing he could do to stop the pain. The surgery was a success and I have no pain now. It was life changing. You might have to wait to see him, but think about what you are waiting for. He is the best in the city and I think he is a personable guy.
1	Where to begin. My husband has had back pain on and off for quite sometime now.  Back in November it got to the point that he could barely walk.  We went and saw our primary doctor (Tom Peters) who was great.  Took lots of time with us to answer questions and note history.  We left there feeling better like we were finally going to get some answers.  He had my husband go for an MRI and got us in immediately after to go over.  He found a few things that were of concern to him and suggested we go to a specialist.  He recommended Dr. Bassewitz.  I had actually heard some great things about him from other people so we were happy about that.  That brings us to today.  My husband got to the appointment (9:50am) and they did an X-Ray on his back.  Then they put him in a room for 2 hours!!!!!  No one comes in to check or anything.  The doctor finally arrives with some story about Govt mandate.  Sorry we have had an appointment for weeks, perhaps that appointment could have been the one to wait for 2 hours????  So after all that, he must have been ready for lunch as he only spent all about 5 minutes to say, "sorry nothing there, you have a normal back for your age" and dismissed him!!!!  How disappointing!!!  Is it normal to have constant pain?????????  I would NEVER recommend this doctor to anyone.  My next call will be back to Dr. Peters to also share the experience with them so they don't think this is the place to send their patients.  It was a complete waste of time and just horrible that a Dr. can make someone feel like they just don't care.  You make your patient wait 2 hours and you cannot even afford 20 minutes to sit with them?????????  HORRIBLE
5	I've waited to write this review because I wanted to address the lasting effects of my surgery. Like others, I was referred to Dr. Bassewitz by my primary care doctor. I had had lower back and leg pain for about 3 years. I had tried epidural injections (good for a few weeks to a year in my experience) and physical therapy. I was looking for a long term solution.After consulting with Dr. Bassewitz, surgery was the recommended course of action. I had that surgery in February, 2012. The results are amazing!. My back and leg pain is gone. I've been able to do things that I hadn't done for several years.As to the waiting complaints, I found the wait no different than that in other doctor's offices. Regarding the comments about Dr. Bassewitz' personality, I found him straight-forward and open. I wasn't looking for a buddy, I was looking for a top-notch surgeon who could help me with my medical issues...and Dr. Bassewitz is exactly what I was looking for!.
1	Doctor seemed to be very intelligent and knew what he was talking about. His bedside manner; completely rude, uninterested, condinsending, superior/belittling attitude. Overall, I wouldnt recommend him to anyone who wants to feel like they were being helped. However if you wish to feel like a crumpled piece of garbage... hes your man.
5	I've had two surgeries performed by Dr. Basewitz on two separate discs. I just saw him again and am actually disappointed that he isn't recommending surgery at this time. His past procedures gave me instant relief. Now I have to see a pain doctor and address the problem in other ways. Aside from being exceptionally pleased with the results of his operations, I find him to be extremely personable and compassionate. I'm really surprised that some people describe him as rude or uncaring.Not sure why my review was put in the not recommended category, but want to update and say Dr. Bassewitz performed surgery on me yesterday)10/28/2014). I was legitimately suicidal before the surgery and about 36 hours later am feeling very optimistic about my future in regard to back pain and sciatica (the sciatica is gone). I will update again in the coming days/weeks.
5	last update unless something goes wrong. 5 weeks out. pain free and cleared to resume normal activities.  my particular surgeries have all been related to lumbar herniations.
