4	NEW LOCATION!Just as good as you would expect at any Jimmy John's location.  Very fast service and very clean.  It's about time they opened a location on this side of town!
5	Yeah, they opened one here.  I have been here 3 times.  AMAZING BLT.  I like it best with extra tomato and mayo. So good!  I love to get the day old bread for 48 cents to make croutons.
4	I love Jimmy John's sub rolls. They are the best. My only complaint? If you special order anything you might be disappointed. My husband always asks to have his sandwich cut in half and it almost always comes whole. Last time I ordered avocado on my sandwich, paid an extra 75 cents for it and honestly it looked like they had put it on and scraped it back off. That's how little there was on the sandwich. Very disappointing. Still, their sandwiches do taste great.
5	This Jimmy Johns is a little newer so I am gonna assume that is why they are not as fast. In the end the sandwich is still amazing and I love it. Club Lulu all the way. Don't get distrot about them having you order quickly, as soon as you get the system down you are thankful for such fast service because you don't want to wait forever for the deliciousness that it is!!!
4	This location is comparable to other locations, which is to say that they make pretty good sandwiches, and quickly. My one complaint about this location - why is the delivery radius so small? I was only 3 miles away, but could not get delivery. So sad!
4	I have to admit I was worried after trying to place my order that I wouldn't be writing a good review for this place, but I am so happy to say I was wrong.  I went in with my mom and we wanted to share a sandwich and since we don't like the same things on our subs, we asked to have the onions on the side.  We were told they couldn't do that and aren't allowed to.  Seemed strange to me, but whatever.  The team working didn't seem to know much about the menu either, but I have to say that our sandwich was great.  A simple ham and cheese but the bread was great and all of the fixings were fresh and tasty.  Beware of the hot peppers...they are serious!  Overall, since the food is the most important part, this place is worth it.
2	I'm a big Fan of Jimmy John's. However I ordered three sandwiches with two kids and they wanted to split both. The only different ingredient they wanted on half of one of the sandwiches was a smear of mayonnaise on half and dry on the other. And easy enough request however I was told it is "corporate policy" And they couldn't Fulfill this simple request. Not sure why they could not cater to me and my twins. But I agreed to have the sandwich dry and take mayonnaise packets with us. So I asked for a plastic knife so they could spread the mayonnaise on the one side and then I was told they don't even have any Utensils. I'm kind of annoyed they didn't tell me about the utensil situation until after we had the sandwiches paid for wrapped up and going out the door.Combine this with the Crazy story about not being able to get alfalfa sprouts back in the restaurant. I really do wonder what their training videos are all about.
1	So, I broke my foot and can't go anywhere so I called jimmy johns to see if they could deliver to me. Anyways, I was barley out of what he called there "delivery zone" so I asked nicely well I will pay you more if you could make an acceptation I broke my foot. He then got really pissed like I was out of line for asking such a thing and started getting loud saying he could loose his "franchise" then I asked well it's not like your stealing another stores customers your the closest one. Please I broke my foot. He then just flipped it and started just yelling being so rude all cuz I asked nicely if he could do me a favor and I would pay more if he could help me out. I will never go there. Terrible customer service and he was manager. I can understand if you really just can't do it but you don't have to be rude about it.
5	This is my favorite Jimmy johns location. I love the slim #5 and how I can save $1 but not putting lettuce etc on the sandwich....since I didn't want them on there anyway.
4	Okay. I love Jimmy Johns. I eat here more often than I'm willing to admit because it's decently priced and really close to my work. Had I completed this review before yesterday, I would have given them 5 stars. BUT... after my experience yesterday, they lose a star. Here's what happened:I ordered my sub: dry (no sauce), no tomato, and no lettuce. The delivery guy took FOREVER to get to us, probably about 20-30 minutes (normally the delivery really is freaky fast), and my drink was all gross and watered down. My sandwich was also wrong, with all the sauce possible and just a ridiculous amount of lettuce. I called the restaurant, and the guy was a little rude, and said "Well on your receipt it doesn't say anything about needing the sandwich dry." I replied with, "That may be the case, but I asked for it to be..." He kind of sighed and said "Okay, I'll send a new sandwich, but make sure you give the old one to the driver." Which was fine, whatever. I was more ticked off that the guy was rude to me for asking them to correct their mistake. In all probability, I will order from them again. I was just a tad put off with my experience yesterday.
1	I am not sure what the hype is all about.  I ordered a Beach and received cold hard bread and the most tasteless sandwich I have ever had.  My husband thought his sandwich was very bland as well and asked for some salt and pepper only to be told they do not have any.  Also the service is lacking in my opinion.  They said hello when we walked in and thank you when we left but in between the service was sub-par.  I felt like I was annoying the cashier when I ordered my sandwich.  Then I seemed to annoy her more when I asked if there was a drink chip combo....The guy who told my husband that they don't have salt and pepper lacked customer service skills in a big way.  If you want fast this is the place for you...but if you want anything else like good food or good customer service I suggest you take your business elsewhere.
1	This place is so gross!  Stale bread, rude employees and a boring sandwich makes for a place we will never visit again. Sorry jimmy you will never see another dollar from me.  Go to jersey mikes it's way better!
1	Ok. My sandwich was delicious. So if you want a good sandwich and you don't care if you are treated like shit, this is the place for you. The people taking orders are just rude. As other people said, you can't change your sandwich at all. Seriously? I hope everyone likes their subs the same. My daughter got a slim. That they would NOT add mayo or tomato to. We had to get mayo packets and take tomatoes off my sub in order to make her sandwich how she wanted it. Just stupid ordering practices and I WONT be back. Jersey Mike's is where it's at!!! They are very friendly and give you what you want on your sub!!!
4	I like Jimmy John's.  They are close to my work, and I often use the online ordering feature from their website.  I can go pick up my sub on my lunch, and they always have it ready and correct. I usually get the turkey, and it's fresh. I also like that they use Hellman's mayo.  I'm pleased with Jimmy John's overall!
4	The hubby and I moved here from Chicagoland and we really missed Jimmy Johns when we first moved here. We were thrilled when they started showing up in Arizona finally.  This has become our normal place for a quick lunch while we are out running errands. We were there on a Wednesday afternoon and yes, it was packed but we were still able to find a table inside and the service was fast and friendly.
4	ok, I've been to a ton of JJs over the years, and every one I've been to is the same in terms of food. my sandwiches have always been top notch and yeah the staff could be a little friendlier. BUT, the sandwiches come out super fast, and I've never had a problem with getting changes so I'm not sure what the other folks here experienced but it's definitely not consistent with what I have experienced.
1	Prett pathetic place. They are the closest to me for delivery and they won't even go suggested I come and pick up...what's the point of having delivery if I am in their delivery area and the delivery area of the of their restaurants and not one will deliver. Used to love going but now I won't
5	Absolutely love Jimmy Johns sandwiches :-) All of their restaurants I have visited around the valley have been great. The employees are helpful, upbeat, and always ready to take my order. I have never been to a food establishment that makes your order as quickly as they do and have not once messed one up. If you need a tasty place that you can get in and out, this is the place. Just like one of their creative signs around their restaurant, "My mouth isn't watering, it's just crying for Jimmy Johns!"
5	They make awesome subs for a good price.I enjoy these a lot more than Subway (bland.) Also, they make the sandwiches very fast. I've been in and out of the store within two minutes before. I always get the J.J. Gargantuan sub and it is the one with all the meat on it. Very good.
