4	I usually visit the clinic in Summerlin because it is close, but if I need Dr. Blank on a certain day and he happens to be at the Centennial location, then I schedule an appointment here.  Similar to my Desert Valley Pediatrics review in Summerlin:Our pediatrician is Dr. Blank, and for him alone, I give 5 shiny stars.  He is very professional, knowledgable, gentle & friendly to my 2 kids.  I always come in with a long list of questions and he is very willing to answer every one of them with a smile. The nurses and office staff are an average of 3.  Some are really friendly and others look/act like they wish they were elsewhere.  Since they are working with kids, I just expect them to be more approachable and warmhearted.  Like all doctor offices, you spend a lot of time waiting in the waiting room regardless of your appointment time.  But, at least this office has a partition between the healthy and sick waiting rooms with separate entrances.  I also like the fact that there aren't toys in this room because who knows how often those are sanitized.  So I recommend bringing your own if you need to keep your child occupied.  But, there is a TV in the waiting room programmed on a kid friendly channel, and who can resist an episode of Dora the Explorer.  The Centennial clinic shares the parking lot with the Centennial Hospital and other clinics, but there is always plenty of parking every time I have visited this location.  Telephone appointments are easy to make, and they always call with a friendly  reminder days before.  I tend to be an over cautious parent and make appointments for everything.  However, the peace of mind that I get after visiting is well worth it. *Yelp 100 Challenge: Review 30/100*
5	I'm giving 5 stars mainly for Dr. Downey.  He's been my children's Doctor for nearly 23 years. My eldest was sad to have to leave him since they really only see children until they turn 18.  I have a special needs child and Dr. Downey has always referred me to Doctors who have been awesome in treating her with her needs.  Dr. Downey always takes his time, never in a rush and always pleasant! The staff have always been pleasant as well. Sometimes the wait is not so pleasant. I highly recommend this place for your children's care.  We've seen other doctors there as well and they've all been very good. My favorite is Dr. Downey!
5	I had a mis diagnosis at another pediatrician that led to my 4 month old son having to have major brain surgery, so I was very skeptical when searching for a new pediatrician for my 4 children. I learned of Desert Valley Peds from a friend who loved Dr. Blank. I made an appointment with Dr. Ky and LOVED the full attention care we got from him. He took his time, asked questions, let me ask questions, and all of my children feel completely comfortable. We have also seen Dr, Nyarko and love him as well. The only negative experience we have had was with Dr. Burford. It was a sick visit and she was the only Dr. Available and she rushed us and was not friendly which made my son scream the entire visit.  I wouldn't use her again, but all of the other doctors are great!!
5	I usually go to the Summerlin office but this time Dr. Nyarko was only available at the Centennial location. I had to see him immediately so it was a plus he was available the very moment.The lady at the Summerlin set me up there and then. Gave me directions to the Centennial location and we were on our way. Once I arrived the girl in the front Maria (I think that's her name) was expecting me even though I was 6 minutes late.They called us right away and every person we came in contact was very understanding and nice. Even gave us some electrolyte when my son was crying.If it wasn't so far we would come here every time but we're closer to the summerlin office.   The doctor is always patient and explains everything to us.Im glad to have him as my kids doctor. The wait is way faster than the Summerlin office, way busier at summerlin.
5	Dr. Downey is outstanding. He is so nice and so good with kids. Every time I have a visit with him he answers all of the questions I have about my daughter and is so patient with all of the questions. Appointments need to be made as far in advance as possible as he is quite popular. The office is really good about setting these up with you in advance so it's never an issue unless you have an emergency. If that's the case they can always slip you in but chances are it will be with another dr. The girls at the front desk are always very friendly and I think it's overall a great welcoming place.
1	If your a cash patient WATCH OUT for all the SURPRISE charges. Not only do they charge you $100 "down payment" they also charge another $16 then charge to do a oxygen reading of $40!!! It's a clip on your finger to read oxygen levels, give me a break!!! (That should be included in the cost to do basic vitals. I.e. Weight, height, blood pressure..but NOOOOOOO not Desert Valley they want an extra $40!!I had 3 kids sick, $300 upfront, $120 for OXYGEN READINGS, $105 for rapid strep test...which they all had.  When the bill came it was another $275!! 1 dr visit=$600+meds. CRAZY!!!I would Never recommend this practice, cranky staff, rushed doctors , plus you never see the same Dr. Twice. It's whoever is in the office at the time.Another experience I had....My son had blood work done, they put a rush on it to know results same day, I left 3 messages and it took them 4 days to get results to me AND charged over $300 for 2 viral tests done. (Over $120 was for the rush)  My son was still sick and they refused to call in an antibiotic and wanted me to bring him in again?? They only care about how fast they can see as many patients as possible and didn't answer any of my concerns OR questions.  Had to get to that next patient. Thank God Quest Diagnostics gave me an AFFORDABLE cash discount. Unlike Desert Valley Peds. Terrible practice, if your a cash patient DO NOT GO THERE. They do NOT tell you all the EXTRA charges and think 20% off is a "good deal" BUT only if you pay NOW. Terrible practice!!!!
3	The only reason I give them three stars is for Dr. nyarko !! He is such a great doctor and has the best bedside manners out of all the doctors I've seen there and made him our primary doctor !! I will give Zero stars to the rest of the staff here, always save your receipts for as long as possible they seem to lose track of who has paid and try to double charge you for the same visit. The waiting time is absolutely ridiculous !! I show up 15 minutes early like they suggest and always on time no matter what !! I was waiting over an hour when another patient came in to see the same dr and was taken back before us , I asked why and was told her appointment was before mine( mind you it was already a hour past my appointment) she was over an hour late to her appointment but was still seen first......needless to say I was pissed. I began telling the ladies at the front desk how wrong that was and yes I got loud and thought it was funny as soon as I did they found a room available for my daughter !Then I called today to get my daughter an appointment for prescription refills and immunization's needed before school starts and was told they do not allow those type of appointments to be combined, so I scheduled the appointment for her to get her medications then asked when I can bring her in for her one and only shot she needed to start school, the lady then tells me I can bring her in a few minutes early on her appointment day to get her shots !! REALLY isn't that combining the appointments ?  I will talk to Dr. Nyarko about his staff and let him know what's been going on and if it's not fixed then as much as I love Dr. Nyarko I will find a new Doctor with a better staff that is a lot more competent !!
1	At first this place was great but now it has it gotten terrible. They would scheduled me with Dr Key a couple of times and come to find out everytime that I would get there he would be scheduled at the Summerlin location so I would have to wait hours to see another doctor.My daughter has had a rough time for the past year and Desert Valley  Pediatrics has done nothing to help her. I needed my daughters shot records today and come to find out she was behind on her shot schedule. The last time I went to go see Dr Key not one word was mentioned about her needing any shots. He's her Dr but knows nothing about what is going on.  I tried to schedule an appointment to get her shots this week but he's so booked that he cannot see her until January 26 so I had to go ahead for the fifth time, get scheduled with another doctor in order for her to get her shots on January 6. That is pretty pathetic.My suggestion to you is to go to a doctor who actually really cares about his patients.
