4	You might say Tony Badame has a head for hats. The owner of Sacred Feather, a store that specializes in head-wear, has been at it for over 30 years. "Back in the 1970s we could have opened any kind of store, a photo shop, a gallery. We actually opened as a craft shop," Badame said. "It sort of evolved. We had jewelry, pottery, leather and a few hats." Somewhere along the way over the course about 15 years, Badame said his business tipped to offer hats more than anything else. "That's where the demand was," he said "Of all the things we offered that's what people wanted most," he said. "During winter in Madison, hats are survival gear. So it was kind of a natural." The Sacred Feather derives its name, Badame said from the most basic form of head wear. "Think of King Tutt with kerchief around his head, you'll have one of three symbols, a lotus blossom, an asp or a sacred feather," he said. "Besides we just thought it sounded cool." Today Sacred Feather offers hundreds of hat varieties that include straw, fur felt, wool felt, wool knit, leather and fabric. Badame said hats for women and men sell equally well. And in each variety there are many more styles such as fedoras, bowlers, derbies, top hats, knit caps, cowboy hats, skipper caps, beanies, and fezzes. And yes you can get a cheese-head hat.
5	ahhhh hats!for my head hats!hats for my head.
5	Sacred Feather is an amazing store -- the kind you're always holding your breath as you approach, because such gems seem to suffer more than their share of premature closings.  But apparently this place has been around for over 30 years, and with good reason!  Housed in a neat little gingerbread-y building on Madison's busiest shopping thoroughfare, State Street, Sacred Feather has quite an impressive selection of hats, but don't go expecting to find tons of baseball caps and knitted beanies (though they do have a few of the latter); their inventory runs more toward fedoras, pork pies, straw hats, berets, vintage-looking beribboned jobs, cloches, newsboy caps -- that sort of thing.  They also have an interesting selection of costume hats around Halloween.  If you're looking to keep your ears warm, they also have lots of bomber caps lined with real (mostly rabbit) and faux fur.  They also have some leather goods, bandannas and headbands.The amazing thing about Sacred Feather is that every time I go in there, see a hat I love and pick it up, the price is far lower than I expect it to be.  For example, just today I happened to stop in and fell in love with a really neat Snoopy-esque flying cap, complete with ear flaps and made of genuine leather and lined with fleece.  I paid what I'd consider a very reasonable $45 for it.  Even the fur-lined hats are a good value and several are under $50.  Everything I've ever bought at Sacred Feather -- for myself and as gifts -- has passed the durability test with flying colors.  So, with a good selection of well-priced and high-quality hats, I'd call it my go-to headwear place and a true Madison treasure.
5	I think this is the best hat store in the world! Well, at the very least it is the best hat store I've ever been to. I loved the selection and I was very lucky to find the perfect hat waiting right there for me. The prices are very reasonable. The selection is great. The employees are friendly. Really, the best!
5	Disclaimer: I am a Hatguy (aka former employee of the Sacred Feather). There are no Hatgirls, only Hatguys. However, I feel that I have exceeded the statute of limitations on bias for this review as I haven't worked here in over 5 years. Or not....Either way, SF is AWESOME!Sacred Feather is the type of local store that is so infrequently found and is practically a Madison institution. Been around for 30+ years and when you go in, you'll know why. Friendly employees who really love hats, know a lot about them, and love sharing this with customers. We're talking about real hats here, people. If you are looking for a Brewers baseball cap, go elsewhere. But if you've ever wanted a real fedora, bowler, top hat, bomber, beret, leather aviator cap, etc, THIS is your spot. Prices are fair for such unique products as are hard to find these days. SF is not 'just' a hat store either, there is an entire room in the back with leather goods - much of which is handmade. They'll cut you a leather belt sized to you right in the store and you can pick the buckle. These belts were hand cut from a cowhide in house! How cool is that?When on State Street, a must visit. Even if you aren't in the market for a hat, you'll  have a good time looking around and trying things on.
5	I never was much of a hat wearer but I've purchased two hats here in one year. Having had too much sun exposure in my youth, I've needed more sun protection to ward off the Consequences. During a short visit last summer I needed head covering right away and found the perfect 'Gilligan" fishing hat that saved the day, Recently, as the weather cooled and my straw 'plantation' hats would no longer suffice. My son picked out a nice felt Indy Jones number and it's working out just fine.The selection, the price range, the service.All Great!
