2	Came to this spot looking for Canters Deli but this spot was there instead..... I asked about Canters and was told it was rebranded 3 weeks ago into a Chicago Style Hot Dog joint.Being a fan of Chicago Style dogs I was intrigued...I ordered a Chicago Style hot dog for myself and a Chili dog from my friend.After about 8 minutes our food was readyAt first glance they looked good size but easily deceived by big box it came in Chili dog was umimpressive,bun was super soft and fell apart after one bite.My Chicago Dog looked good and came with all the trimmings but then bun was super soft and dog had no flavor to the meat.  Bright green relish was good and so was the pickle and the chili pepper. But other then that this place did not give Chicago dogs a good representation.What saved this from being a one star were the fries, they abundant and very good. They had a good potato flavor to them and crisp but soft on the inside.If I ever come back ill order a basket of fries but none of the hot dogs...
1	This is not Chicago style. Ordered an Italian beef and polish dog. Neither reminded me of Chicago. Polish tastes more like a regular hot dog and after 2 bites, I couldn't eat it anymore. Italian beef was ok but like how my boyfriend pointed it out, it's not soggy or good enough. Even the beer tastes funky. Ordered a blue moon and returned it for a colors light but it was still tasting wrong.
2	Very mediocre food. There is nothing special about their hotdogs and fries. Piece was definitely overpriced for quality. I think it's priced for location. I will only come back if I stayed at treasure island with no energy to talk anywhere outside their casino and all the other food spots were closed... Maybe then I'll get room service instead. Need to either change up the quality or the price. The place is quite slow, just 2-3 other tables were occupied.
2	Meh. Is about the perfect way to describe this place. First, it's too expensive (I know it's Vegas, on the Strip, but improve quality if you're going to have such high cost). Food was okay at best. With so many other places at all different price ranges no need to eat at this one.
5	We were drinking, we were gambling, we were hungry! The solution? Little Richies Chicago Style Beef and Dogs. I got myself a huge chili cheese dog, fries and soda. The chili had beans in it, which I normally don't care for, but they went just well on this dog. The husband ordered the $10 basket of wings, fries and drink. Even though my dog was great, I couldn't resist trying out his wings. Let's put it this way, when we returned the next evening we both ordered $10 basket of wings. The cashier remembered us from the night before and even comped our soda's. Being in the casino, I wouldn't think this would be the best place for families to dine. The seating is very near the loud noise and smokey excitement of the casino floor. The average cost of a meal here is about $15. We will def go back!
2	This place used to be some kind of Deli from NYC but it's been converted into a hot dog joint? They got rid of the table seating and there's a poker room there now...wth!   My friends and I were in a hurry to grab some food and this was literally the only dining option available at treasure island.  I really think TI is in need of hiring a new director of food and beverage because the restaurant selections at the hotel are so bad it's not even funny.  Anyway, I wanted something quick and easy so I went ahead and got a chili cheese hot dog with coleslaw on the side.  The dog was wrapped in some funny plastic sheet so when I was ready to eat the darn thing it was super soggy and nasty.  I ended up just using a knife and fork to assault my food.  The hot dog itself tastes like any store bought, mass produced amalgamation of meats.  The chili didn't taste that well and I wouldn't be surprised if it came out of a bag.  Coleslaw was surprisingly refreshing and good.  I tried some of their house cut fries and they were nicely done!  If you want eat something quick at TI, avoid this place and go to that pizzeria near the self parking garage or just walk across to the fashion mall's food court.
1	This place sucks!  I wish Canters would come back.  Same price as Canters (~$15 for a sandwich), but at a fraction of the size!  That is totally whack!
2	ExpensiveSoggy bread but got fixed- good customer service. Over cooked meat on Philly- it was dry. Spiced well. Good hot dog but small.Great fries! Need vinegar offered at the condiment bar!
1	Not very good and over priced. Soggy bread average hot dog.
3	There was only one worker when we got there with 4 parties ahead of us but he was fast & someone came along to help. The food was ready pretty fast, considering the crowd ahead of us and it was pretty tasty. We shared a huge deli sandwich that had too much meat for my taste, but it was good.
2	We just arrived in Vegas. And, after ten long hours of being tortured by screaming babies and bad plane movies, we were excited to grab a bite of REAL food (and not anything in the realm of "cookies, pretzels, or peanuts" ... you know, the battle-cry of the flight attendant). The folks who work here were friendly and super accommodating (I'm a vegetarian and they offered to make me an off-menu grilled cheese ... which was very, very nice of them!). Unfortunately, the food was super overpriced and lacking in flavor. The grilled cheese was dry and bland, the chili-dogs were soggy, and the turkey club was "blah."I'll give it two stars because we were hungry and this fulfilled that basic need. And, the employees were warm and willing to help the customer. The food is not so great ... maybe management can work on making the food match the prices? Needless to say, we did not return during our week-long stay.
1	This place is false advertising!  I tried the Italian beef sandwich and a soda for $13.50 and it it was not fit to eat!  This place gives Chicago food a bad name.  Nothing at all like true Chicago food.  Please remove the Chicago from the name.  I would never waste my money or time here again.
4	This restaurant was the best hidden gem in the Treasure Island hotel. I loved the salami & cheese sandwich. The reason why it didnt get 5 stars is because of the lackluster fries. Fountain sodas were typical line up. Also this restaurant was kind of shoved in the corner of the casino so I was lucky to stumble upon it. Try it for yourself.
2	The customer service is great and the portions are generous, however the chili cheese fries were overcooked and chili was not very appetizing. I also ordered a Reuben sandwich that was mediocre. Lastly I know this is  Vegas, but $18 plus for both items seems steep. I don't mind paying a premium price for food when it's but this meal, did not meet the criteria.
4	I see a lot of complaints for the service, quality, and product. I've eaten here three times, each time I come to Vegas, I eat here. I notice no one ever mentions the wings? Well last time I was there, I couldn't even find them on the menu, oh wait, that's because there on a sign hidden in the corner, odd.... Well I order the same thing every time, the wings and they are really good so maybe all you people are ordering the wrong shit? I think yes! The fries are amazing and I would say I am a fries expert. I eat more fries than the normal person, and I am okay with that. If you dip them in there BBQ sauce & ranch, you've gone to heaven and died. The wings are only good after you've let the juices settle after about 10 minutes. With that said, the service is okay, they always seem to be under staffed. The price I feel is above average but come on, your in Vegas, expect to pay more for EVERYTHING!!!!
3	This place seems to take a beating in the ratings and I am not completely sure of why. It is an ok quick, casual place to grab some food. The service was quick and the person who took our order was very friendly. You order at the counter and then pickup a little further down.I ordered an Italian Sausage and Poutine. The sausage and roll it came on were both solid. With a little mustard, I was happy with them. The poutine was fairly good. The fries comes topped with cheese curds, bacon and gravy. It is a good sized portion.If you are looking for a casual place to get a quick, cheap meal this is an option.
4	There are not many places to find Chicago hot dogs outside of the Windy City that taste like actual Chicago Hot dogs! I remove one star for the lack of frontline servers. There was one person manning the cashier and bussing food but overall it was worth the wait if there were a line! We had the foot long hot dog and the Italian beef sandwich with fries. The servings were hefty and the fries were great. It reminded me of this hole in the wall I went to on the outskirts of Chicago where I experienced the city's genuinely reputable hot dogs, Philly cheesesteak, and fresh cut fries skin on. I would definitely return to this place if I were hungry and craving a good hotdog or cheesesteak with fries!
