1	The WORST of The WORST !!Unreliable !! Will not answer her phone or return messages. Even worse, if you're (un)lucky enough to get an appointment, she doesn't show up or have the decency to let you know she has to cancel !! She just blows you off !!Please, do yourselves a favor and blow HER off.....OUT OF BUSINESS !!!!****Follow-Up to my review: UNBELIEVABLE, she had the nerve to say that I was "CONFUSED" about when my wife's appointment was !!Claims it was for tomorrow, after SHE called ME the day I scheduled the appointment, on her website, saying SHE was confused and was looking at a past appointment confirmation......Tonya, find some other "NON-CUSTOMER SERVICE related business to be in, THIS is not for you !!!!(and maybe stop lying when you screw up, I can understand mistakes, but NOT LYING !!!!)
5	My wife and I have had Tonya as a stylist 16 years. Tonya has always done fantastic work, all lengths of hair and perfect color specialist. Very reliable and accomodating! Want a great haircut? Go no further!
5	Tonya has been my hairdresser for 15 + years.  Very reliable and flexible, has accommodated me at last minute many times.  She is now turning my red hair which was beautiful to blond.  I've gotten two complements and it was just done hours ago.  I love the way she can show me what will look good on me and my kind of hair.  All I have referred to her have been very happy and have stayed with her. She has made my husbands Valentine's Day a happy one with his new blond wife!
1	I usually dont write reviews however today Im a very unhappy customer!! Tonya herself is great and overall was happy with my services however her reliability is below average! My first appointment with her ever she was an hour late in which i had to call her cell phone and wake her up! But i gave her another chance untill now!! Last week I received a text message on Tuesday at 3am asking if we could reschedule my appointment  for that day which was not til 11:30am, i was irritated to say the least but agreed to reschedule for the following week at 11:30. So the day before I called to confirm and she had asked if we could do it for 11:45 to be safe cause an apt she had scheduled for the am that day! Once again i agreed the today, the day of my appointment i receive a text at 9;30am stating she was running behind and if we can move my appointment to later in the evening!! Umm I think NOT!! At this point I say F it!! I dont care about %0 dollars off ive gone over 2 weeks waiting to get an appointment to just be give the run around!! Looks like Im back to finding a new stylist!!!
