3	It was dead on a Friday night but I was informed they were only open that evening for a special show.  The most notable thing going on was a young lady's bachelorette party and what you might call a fashion karaoke event.  But I was looking for dancing.  I hear the night to go is Sundays.  I can't go on Sundays since I have to be back at work at 9am the next day.  How people do that and stay employed is a mystery to me.  Trying to find a solid dance floor with some good tunes on the weekend in Chartown is making me desperate because the current options leave a lot to be desired if you're a transplant from a city with a solid nightlife and far less-strict nightclub laws.  Nightclubs are appearing and disappearing like bats in the night in this city.  And if you try to rely on publications like Creative Loafing to keep up on everything you'll find yourself chasing the dust and glitter of a crowd already gone.They do have a full bar and lots of room to move around on the dance floor.  But they tend to have a small show/performance, then play music, then interrupt the music with another show.  That's a buzz kill for me.  Since I'm not there for the other reason (not that there's anything wrong with that) I probably won't be going back to check out the dance floor again unless the grapevine sends an alert that they've cranked up a regular Friday or Saturday thing.  But I'm keeping my eye on these guys because if they did get "dance serious" during weekend prime time it would be hopping mad.
4	This is SUCH a fun bar and it is huge!!  The music is fantastic and there is so much room to dance.  There is also an outdoor area and a separate salsa bar.  Fridays is all you can drink beer for an $8 cover.  They do have drag shows (not sure of the days) and they are pretty fun to watch.  I think this place is a blast for straight and gay people!
4	pretty cool club right by where i live staff could be nicer though
4	This place is pretty hard to review. Depending on your sobriety level when you leave, it may be because you have a little trouble remembering your time there.When you enter past the surly ticket takers and go through the doors you're greeted by the booming music of top 40s remixes, though I do like the fact that they don't play it so loud that you can't hear someone screaming in your ear. The drinks here are kinda eh, you don't get much for your money and they are fairly weak in my opinion. Though I hear that on Sunday well drinks are free with a $10 cover, and Fridays offers free beer on tap so that's something to keep in mind.The main reason to go here is for the dancing! They have a huge dance floor and it is quite a sight to see everyone dancing their tushes off! I was particularly amused by the twink who was twerkin it like it ain't no thang! I always have a fun time here, even when I'm the DD. The patio outside is filled with people smoking and chatting each other up. Good if you'd like to have a conversation with someone you've met, not so good if you are adverse to cigarette smoke though.Scorpio's is a fun time, and they have lots of cool drag shows that are pretty awesome to watch. There is a fair mix of people on most days. It is extremely ghetto on Saturday though, and lots of fights break out on that day though so I'd steer away from that day.
5	The drinks are cheap and the music is pretty good depending on the DJ that night. Its not that expensive to get in, either. I guess you can kinda say I'm a regular... its the only club that I have fun at and the crowd is never rude - drunk of course especially on free draft beer night but never rude in my opinion. hahah  Its a nicely sized place. I've had waaay too much fun at this club!! They have three bars in total (one in the main room right by the big dance floor), one in 'Divas', and another upstairs when they have that open. If you wanna get some air they have a nice outside patio too.Lately I do have to say that the drag shows that I have seen have been kiiiinda boring to be honest but that's not what I normally go there for unless they have special guests.  Reading the comments I realize people are all like 'this place is shady' and, yeah, kinda is but I don't expect something fancy unless its downtown. *lol*The only thing I don't like is the creepy straight dudes that show up and lurk around, especially on Fridays. They really don't take a hint. But that's with every club in my experience, sadly. xD And in my opinion Scorpio is kinda more-so for the guys. I'm a queer female and I find it hard to spot the girls who aren't just their for their gay bf. I've gone on every day they are open but Saturday - my friends say the crowd can be kinda ghetto.House liquor is free on Sundays, free draft beer on Wednesday. Other specials are normally only 3 bucks which is good in my book!  I read on another review that the drinks were weak but like every bar if you tip them well your bartender will treat your right.  If your looking for something fun to do with no frills and no pretentious people this is the place.
5	wednesdays and sundays are the best nights i think..ive been going to this club since i was 18, now 35... its a guaranteed good time! :) they have great specials on some nights its all you can drink draft, sometimes its all you can drink well drinks or vodka...with admission of course, which has almost always been $10... if you love drag queens check out sunday nights, its the most fun! :) djs have changed over the years, i dont know who is the dj now but i know there will always be some good music to dance my a** off to. :) been going here for years and will probably go for many many more. proud this is one of the oldest gay clubs in nc! :) go scorpio!
4	I always have a good time when I go here.  The crowd is mostly younger (18-30's, some 40+ but not many). The entrance fee is kinda steep, but it depends what you like.  Wednesdays are hit-or-miss; sometimes crowded and sometimes empty. Fridays are great, all-the-time packed with hot gorgeous people. Cover is $10 and free well draft beer is included on Wednesdays and Fridays. Sundays is another great crowded night. Music is always great as a mix between Dance/House and Top-40/Hip-Hop.  AVOID Saturday nights if you don't want to get shot or stabbed!! Overall a great place, this club has been operating for over 50 years now and bad really brought gay culture to Charlotte in full force!
4	Scorpio's is a fun bar! That is one of the few things you can say FOR SURE :)Is it a gay bar? Well, mostly! But there are straight, bisexual, gay, and transgender people who regularly attend and any given night, this variety of people will change! There are equally as many guys and girls if you go on a Wednesday or Sunday, which are by far, the best nights in my opinion! FREE BEER OR FREE HOUSE VODKA DRINKS! Who can beat that? You just pay the cover & literally drink all night for just what you tip your bartender! (Tip well for stronger drinks & faster service!)They have an outdoor patio for smoking, two dance rooms, and a drag show most nights. The DJ keeps great music going all night, and the crowd loves dancing & drinking! I'd say its perfect for the 18-30 age group!
1	Sundays used to be all you can drink vodka for 10 dollar cover... After paying our cover they let us know that beginning this week vodka drinks are 2 dollars... Why would anyone come on Sunday if they're pouring 2 dollar glasses of cranberry juice?
1	Would give it 0 stars if I could. Getto place with workers that don't give a damn about customer service! Never will go here or recommend to anyone that they waste any money on this place!
3	hmmm the guy that work up front hates his life but the club pretty fun if you have nothing better to do
1	SHIT HOLE!!!  Too bad 0 stars is not an option here.  The staff and management are rude and only want money.  Someone sprayed pepper spray and sent multiple patrons to the ER and the staff just sat there like they could care less.  Save yourself the trouble and just flush your money down the toilet!.  This place is so ghetto and trashy.  All the money they make from $30 admissions and it still looks the same as it did in 1974.  Disgrace to the gay community!!
3	Went for Charlotte's Black Gay Pride in July of 2014. My roommate suggested we get there early to avoid lines and having a decent viewing spot for the entertainers. The first hour and half was really dead, like maybe only 10 other patrons. We took a tour- 2 rooms with dance floors and bars, and a pretty decent outdoor patio. The outdoor patio is almost reserved for smokers and the cloud gets pretty thick.. I'm not a smoker, so.. yuck! Lol. Beware when you first get admitted you get patted down.. and it's more like getting felt up then patted down, not a particularly enjoyable experience. Forget what the cover charge was, but as someone else mentioned that for all the money they are making they sure as hell aren't putting it back into the business.. it's in dire need of an interior decorating update. Around 10-11pm it suddenly goes from empty to packed to a line into the parking lot. The area around the club is kinda sketchy and for those of you not from the south, you may become a little frightened by the exterior: gravel parking lot, porch, etc. Looks like something out of a bad movie. Drinks: prices are steep and alcohol content is weak.. if you like to drink, I'd recommend pregaming or expect the consequences. I went on a Saturday night, dress to impress.. people were thugged out.. if I knew to expect that, I wouldn't have put so much thought into my outfit and just put some gear on. One guy was literally in his boxers. Crowd was pretty young, was expecting a better mixture. Heard the N-word more times than I wanted to, at least one fight broke out, I was discouraged by the disproportionate representation of the staff- All white southerners, no diversity. Apparently this place has been around forever though which is pretty cool.. not sure if its gay owned or operated now but when it first opened in 1974 it wasn't. Music was pretty good. I'd go back again and try another night.. was a bit disappointed by lack of diversity /segregation in crowd.. I'm a Yankee so my experience was a bit backwards like stepping back in time. I know people that go more often and have fun, so I'd give it another shot.
