5	I was shocked that a fellow Yelper had not shouted out Blowin' Smoke BBQ. I am back in NY sitting at my desk after an Urban Lobster Scampi Roll and wishing I could go to Blowin' Smoke for lunch every day. Try their 3 Little Pigs (Bacon, Pit Ham, Pork) sandwich and you will have that wish too. After I had it, I tried to get my lunch there every day during my visit to Madison. A feast of porky goodness for only $6.50. Beautiful brisket, perfect pulled pork. Everything I tried is so-o-o-o true 'Cue.Sadly, I missed them on a rainy day and had to settle for Santa Fe.
5	I'm a northern boy, but 6 years ago I made a small journey through the south.  I fell in love with grits and bbq.  I still haven't found good grits up here in WI, but awesome mouthwatering delicious BBQ can be found on the Capitol Square 5 days a week!The staff at the cart was so friendly and nice as they took my order.  I had a beef sandwich the first time I went, a chicken sandwich the second time, and a pastrami sandwich the third time.  I've gotten pastrami ever since.  The pastrami is for those who like their flavors to be LOUD!  It is one of the most flavorpacked meats I have ever had, and it keeps me coming back there again and again.  For a healthy alternative, I sometimes like to get a salad with pastrami in it instead of a sandwich.For serious fans of BBQed meats, there is nowhere else to go in madison except for blowin smoke!
5	This food cart is great!  We ordered the BBQ beef and pork sandwich and the BBQ chicken sandwich - both were very good.  I had the spicy BBQ sauce, there is also mild and super hot.  The spicy was plenty hot for me.  The rolls they serve the sandwiches on are really good too, they hold up to the BBQ meat.  I also ordered a side of potato salad which was tasty.  Guys running the cart are very nice and friendly and your order is prepared in minutes, prices are reasonable.  I believe they are my new favorite BBQ place, just wish they would open a restaurant!
5	Blowin' Smoke is blowin' me away.I'm from Oklahoma, so I take BBQ seriously. Kansas style BBQ turns out to be cray as well. They do a dry rub with your choice of regular, spicy, and extra spicy BBQ sauce. Spicy is where it's at. A little bit deceiving, it's not actually "spicy" per se, just a good mix of flavors.Me loves some pork and beef, so I did the loaded sandwich. Amazing!!!! Note to anyone and everyone: this is not a sandwich you can eat with your hands. Well...you could. It would just be all over your face and then some. I recommend a fork and knife my friend, cuz this sammie is sloppy. The meat is hot and tender, just how I like my men...I mean meat. What?Next time I'll get it chopped. Easier to eat.
4	Stopped by this food cart for a quick lunch to take back to my office. The beef brisket bbq sandwich was very, very good. The fresh-baked kaiser bun was not too chewy, not too tender, but just right to hold its precious meat cargo. The dry rub + sauce gives the meat a layered depth of flavor. The brisket was tender, with a really good meat flavor coming through and not overpowered by the "spicy" sauce. Note: the spicy isn't really hot, just interesting and savory. I recommend it.The broccoli raisin salad for the side was tasty, but next time I'd probably try something else.
5	Get Three Little Pigs - Best sandwich I've ever had!  Couldn't stop smiling while I ate it.
4	Hands down the best pastrami sandwich I've had in town. Very good beef and pork. It would be an everyday lunch option for me if they offered more vegetables/more healthful sides. As it is, Blowin' Smoke is an occasional treat.
4	I just ate what may be the messiest sandwich EVER, but it was a supremely noshable bit of smoky heaven.  This great food cart appears near my work on the West side every Wednesday (Charmany Drive), and my coworkers and I make a point to go each week.  I got the pork butt sandwich, which was sliced rather than pulled--a nice change.  I had a mix of the sweet and extra spicy sauce today, and the sandwich was spot-on.  My colleague wished he had more sauce on his sandwich, but I felt that mine was perfect, and that my white shorts were in jeopardy as it was.  Thumbs up!!
4	Not bad, not bad at all. I'm on a mission to try every food cart on the Capitol Square at least once, so obviously Blowin' Smoke was on my list.I have to admit, being a born-and-bred Wisconsin girl, I don't really get the undying, passionate BBQ love thing. I mean, I like it well enough, but I don't understand the intricacies of sauces and spices and rubs, and I am not one to knock people over in a rabid rage to get good BBQ.So with my inexperience on the table... Blowin' Smoke's beef & pork sandwich (recommended by the woman in the cart when I asked her for something for a first-timer) was really good. The bun held up well to its task, not too much sauce involved, and it had a nice kick without being too spicy. The coleslaw on the side was a great complement, too.Overall? I'm not sure how often I'll end up going back to Blowin' Smoke, but I am definitely glad I tried it.
3	Ok, but pretty skimpy sandwich for the price.
4	Yummy, fast, reasonably priced food cart right on the square. When you can catch them, it's a treat! I believe they hang out near the Walgreens/Graze corner on weekdays until around 2pm. Their BBQ sauce is truly excellent, but sometimes the sandwiches are a little lacking in sauce quantity, so I always ask for extra. Spicy level sauce of course being my preference, but even their milder BBQ is delicious. (They have 3 levels of mild to super hot sauce, if I am not mistaken.)True to their name, everything has that wonderful smoky note. Personally I prefer their pork to their beef, but I frequently end up ordering the mix of pork and beef together as I enjoy the textural difference this adds. An extra bonus is to ask if they have any burnt ends.  Love those little caramelized chunks of goodness! (And this is coming from me, Miss Medium Rare.)   I have heard others mention that sometimes their sandwiches are more filled or less filled depending on the day. This has only happened to me one time, and it wasn't like I felt jilted because their prices are pretty reasonable anyway. But one of their staff members knows me as a professional friend of a friend a little bit, and I feel like I always get a very hearty sandwich. I hope this is not because she recognizes me but because they usually give good portions. But everyone I have met there has been very sweet, helpful, and efficient.  Definitely worth a try if you are a BBQ fan. I look forward to trying their new fixed-location restaurant one of these days!
