5	I typically take my car back to the dealer for its regular oil changes and servicing, but this past time I took it to one of those quickie oil change places. When they were finished they told me my battery was almost dead and needed replaced. Having heard and ignored a similar message a couple of years ago I experienced being stranded for multiple hours and eventually purchased a battery at AutoZone. I bought the warranty at the time. I was surprised when the mechanic told me the battery was low because I just replaced it in September 2010 - big I did buy the car in June 2008 so to be safe I stopped at the AutoZone on Camelback. I entered the store and asked if someone could check my battery. A gentleman grabbed the testing device and went outside to look. He tested the car and it registered fine. We started the car and still it was fine. He did say the alternator was running a big high, but it wasn't a problem yet. I told him that I was concerned because the oil change mechanic's report, my prior experience with being stranded, and I mentioned my blinder was spazzing out this morning. He checked the lights and determined a tail light wasn't working, I went inside and purchased the $5 part he told me, and he installed it. Instead of looking at a new battery and over $100 to replace, I left spending just $5. He was friendly, knowledgeable, and efficient. The store was very busy and all of the employees were hustling to help customers. I really appreciated not only his honesty but his time to replace the product. Plus they had some sweet salsa music playing inside. I would definitely come back to this location.
3	The service here is usually great but for some reason this time we purchased a battery here and they did not want to take the time to install it. After about 30 minutes of me trying to unscrew the cables, I got really frustrated and demanded that the manager do it. The manager came outside and changed the batter in no time. It must have been the fact that I went at night instead of during the day, but still, they offer to change the battery for free, so the time of day should not matter.
1	The worst auto zone I have been to. Typically other AutoZone locations provide me with great service and this one is by far the worst. Many of the employees do not know what they are doing. I was told multiple times I would be next and I waited patiently. I was the only customer not voicing how slow they were going. An employee that was stocking noticed I had been waiting and at this point for over 20 minutes and asked if I needed help and I explained the situation. The original man that told me I would be next chimed and started yelling while he was with another customer that he is doing me a free service and will be with me when he can. The guy ended up going over there to him and told him to cool down but the fact he even got that heated just baffles me.Free service or not, I purchased the items and have always been told by other AutoZone employees that I am welcome and that they are willing to help. Boo you, store 2792
1	Workers here are a- holes.  Had me go to another autos one to get something done- he was just lazy.  Go anywhere but here.
