5	We took our dog to Erin for grooming yesterday and were totally pleased.  Our dog looked and smelled fantastic.  She was going to need a lot of work with extra brushing and nails that were out of control.  We couldn't be happier with Erin's work and we were impressed by the other customers who were coming in to make appointments.  They were fighting over times to get in for their pet's grooming.  We'll definitely go back!
5	With all of the issues I've had with dog groomers before, I'm so thrilled to find Erin!!! She is such an animal lover and it really shows with how well she treats your furry friend! My pug is extremely squirmy and refuses to let anyone cut her nails. After going to numerous groomers and them refusing to cut her nails without putting her under anesthesia, I found Erin who has no problem with it all. She's also affordable!! Imagine that!My puggy even had a little hot pink flower on her leash when I picked her up.If you're like me and scared to hand over your animal to just anyone, know that they are in GREAT hands with Erin!
5	I took my dog there while I was at a wedding. Erin did a fantastic job of taking care of my little one. The service and the quality of the work was excellent. I should know best,  my sister owns a dog grooming business in Chandler Arizona. Thanks Erin for the amazing haircut for my dog sparkles. She barked thank you also lol!
5	We love our sweet puppy, but he can be a bit on the neurotic side, especially with new people and unexpected sounds.  I was dreading looking for a groomer for him, but I am so thankful that multiple friends all recommended Grooming By Erin! Our formerly skittish pup loves going to see her and we love to see his happy face and gorgeous tail after he's done with his appointment!Erin provides a first rate, spa like environment for your pampered pooch!  She offers traditional as well as the more edgy cuts for your well coiffed canine.  Aromatherapy?  Check!  Seasonal scents?  You got it!  Fabulous color?  You bet!  Nail wraps?  For sure!  This groomer does it all at a reasonable price and also has a fantastic reward program (so tell her I sent you!).  If you're looking for a new groomer who does the works and loves her furry clients, then no further than Grooming By Erin!
5	First off I wanna say that I never write reviews but after my appt. with Erin yesterday I had to! My dogs have had the same groomer since birth but since we moved to Summerlin it's been very difficult to get them all the way to the other side of town. I was referred to Erin and then decided to look her up on Yelp and every review was great. The Vet office she works out of is so clean and the office staff is so friendly that I've decided to make them my new Vet. When I met Erin she was very sweet and professional, you can tell she is a true animal lover! I was nervous how my dogs were gonna react to her and they were horrible to her in the beginning and gave her such a hard time but she was so patient! And even under those circumstances they came out beautiful!!!!!!!! I would HIGHLY RECOMMEND Erin to be your groomer :)
1	OK... so here is my experience with Erin... As a good Yelper, I looked for a groomer in the west side of town so this place came up with pretty good reviews, I've decided to make an appointment. I have a 13.5 pounds shih tzu, with no behavioral problems whatsoever, she is sweet as pie however, as you can imagine, she is not always trilled to go to the groomers, she's a bit nervous. After waiting for Erin around 15 minutes, she finally comes over to talk to me about my little dog, she's very hesitant to take her and has no rapport with my little dog, she asked me if she has been to the groomers before and I replied yes. She has not even touched my dog, and she is already talking about to get her with a different groomer that arrives at 2 pm, when my appointment was at 8:00 am!!!So after a little chat about the services I want, she tells me that she will try to do it but, if my dog was going to get snippy she will call me to pick her up (my fellow yelpers, please keep in mind that I have a 13.5 pounds shih tzu) Kind of second guessing myself, I decided to give her a shot, I asked the personnel at the reception if I was good to go, they told me yes, I walked out of the place, I barely got to my truck and someone came over and told me that Erin will not groom my dog because wouldn't let her do anything. I was offered the other groomer at 2 pm, that I could leave my dog there until then, to which I answered, NO, thank you! You couldn't handle her for 3 or 4 minutes and you want me to leave her here for 6 hours? I don't think so! Anyway at this point I am just glad that this happened, because if she didn't get along with the dog since the beggining and still done the grooming who knows how my little pooch would have been treated.Thankfully there are other places to go to in town, and even if my current groomer is in the opposite side of town, I much rather take it with a person that knows how to treat their main clientele, which is my pet. Granted! my pet didn't get groomed but I WILL NOT RECOMMEND this place!!!At work, sooner or later you will run into a challenge, and if you can't overcome the littlest obstacles you should not be doing that.I've noticed that this place has 5 stars, but only has 5 reviews...Anyway! have a good one and keep yelping!!!
5	Excellent groomer!  Our 3 chihuahuas love going to her. You can trust that Erin will treat your dog like family and you will always have a positive experience!
5	I'm surprised by the ONE negative review. every one of my dogs has loved Erin. I've been taking them to her since she began grooming. I think she reads dog behaviors quite well and she puts them to ease. The only negative review came from a nasty vicious 13.5 shih tzu (let's be honest, the smallest dogs tend to do most damage to groomers!!).  If I were Erin, I'd call animal control on that dog and maybe the owner should understand that his unpleasant dog should find a vet that can sedate such a beast to groom it.
5	I wanted to write a follow up review for Erin and Grooming By Erin.  We have since my last review gone to Erin multiple times for all of our grooming needs.  To say that our one little pup can be nervous is an understatement.  Erin is always aware and incredibly kind and considerate regarding this issue. I wouldn't say that our dog loves going to the groomer, but I would say that he loves, no, he LOVES seeing Erin.Recently, we rescued a new dog, that Erin had previously groomed.  We noticed that our new pup was becoming very irritated by an issue, I reached out to Erin, she immediately diagnosed said issue AND THEN, even though she was fully booked, made room to see him and take care of his issue.Having read the ONE recent negative review, it's clear to me that yelper was maybe having a bad day (at best).  Regardless, we love Erin and absolutely appreciate her kindness, caring, thoughtfulness, creativity and work ethic.
