3	So I didn't get to spend too much time here so I could be a bit off, but this seemed like a pretty decent place to spend some time and look around at all the antiques and such.  Not a very fancy place, things kinda just put together on shelves, nothing too organized, but it serves its purpose.  I think it has seen much bigger and better days however.   I plan on returning here to look around some more soon, I'll write more then.
1	What a horrible little place. It's like walking into a flea market, except I'm expecting I may get actual fleas from it.The entire shopping center is vacant for the most part. They've got signs up all over the place begging vendors to move in and open up restaurants and such, but no one seems to want to... (can you blame them?)The actual Antique "Mall" portion is nothing more than a few stalls with no one in them. A lot of vacant spaces dot the remaining space they're actually using. Looks like the Antique Mall portion used to be a lot bigger, judging from the windows and such, but they're shrunk down to a much smaller space now. Oh well. Unfortunate. There's very few actual antiques here, and nothing of real interest. I won't be surprised if this portion closes soon too and there's nothing left in the entire mall.
3	I was kind of torn between two and three stars. I'd really give this place two and a half, if that was an option. On one hand, I was kind of disappointed. 'Antique' is used very liberally here to describe things that are moderately old. I don't consider VHS tapes or toys from the mid 90's  to be antiques but this place isn't so picky. Therefore, you'll have to wade through lots of things to find anything of value. I'd really prefer if this place was classified as a thrift shop more than an antique shop. Anyway, most things were very overpriced. All the items are cosigned and resold by the people working at the Antique Mall, and the owners who priced the items are generally not very accurate. I don't see a Happy Meal toy from 1994 outside the original package selling for $20 or a book of matches from a closed casino, like the Stardust, selling for $10. However, most booths have signs saying the prices are negotiable.On the positive side, some really interesting things can be found with a bit of digging. Also, the selection is quite large, but you're not dealing with 'antiques' as most people would define them. All in all, I think it's worth taking a look at one Saturday morning for an hour or so, but if you miss it, don't beat yourself up too much.
4	The Better Half wanted to stop by this place on the way to California.....so, we spent a little while browsing the mall looking for unique stuff.This place is so interesting, you can find all kinds of stuff.  There aren't too many places in Vegas like this.  I think there is only one other Antique Mall.  We didn't find anything on this particular visit, but saw a lot of interesting items....(see pics).Will we return?  Wifey will several times this year and I'm sure I'll tag along on a few visits.
4	Located south of the Strip, this antique mall is huge. Expect to spend at least a couple of hours here to peruse all the stalls. Treasures you might find here include comics, costume jewelry, Hot Wheels, antique kitchen & household items, coins, Asian art, toys, and other vintage or antique items. I found a vintage silver mood ring, poison ring, silver yo-yo & silver vanity mirror. A little pricier than Charleston Antique Mall but that probably depends on the vendor and what you're purchasing. I probably would have been able to find similar items on eBay for around the same amount or a little less.  It seemed like they were understaffed as there weren't enough vendors/staff around to answer phones, help customers with locked up items, and ring up purchases.  However, I look forward to visiting this antique mall again during future visits to Las Vegas.
4	The fifth star is missing due to the fact they have downsized this "mall" substantially.  I can remember needing hours to get through this home of all things vintage, tacky, and just plain interesting; but alas, they have cut the space in half I'm guessing due to the  pesky economy. : /There's just something about that musty smell of old..not people old, that's an entirely different odor and not nearly as pleasant. I'm not talking about moth balls either, I am speaking of the scent the memories these quirky gadgets, sturdy pieces of furniture, and miscellaneous decor possess. The history behind each piece collected here at the Antique Mall (and any antique shop to be quite honest) intrigues me. From vintage glassware, to collectible memorabilia, I quiet fancy the old box and Polaroid camera's myself (shocker, I'm sure). Visiting this home of all things antique brings back memories, and that thing that happens as we get older..I think they call it nostalgia?  Memories-shmemories, though, I'll admit to you that I find it a little disturbing that things from my childhood (I'm a product of the 80's) are surfacing in an ANTIQUE store now, haha.If you want a trip down memory lane, a couple laughs or if you're looking for that completely unique gift for a quirky certain someone, definitely make Antique Mall of America a stop on your list!
1	Absolutely the rudest customer service I've ever encountered.  Particularly from an older man named Rocky.  Downright rude and confrontational.  Several of the other employees kept apologizing for his behavior, but the owner, when alerted to his behavior, didn't  seem to care.  I see by other reviews and talking to others who visited the store that I was not the only one treated like dirt.  Too many other places to visit and spend money to accept rude treatment from a salesperson.  Do yourself a favor and stay away.
1	We take a trip to Nevada once or twice a month to look at the antiques stores and then have a nice dinner. This was one of our stops. But the last few times we went we have run into employees that are very rude and dishonest. One time we went in and I wanted an item in the display case and when they took it from the case to the front the price tag was taken off and then they wanted twice what was marked. In there this week end and the item had the price tag back on it for the original price that was marked. Who was trying to make the extra money. It was a disappointment. Not to mention the attitudes of the employees. There should be a crash course in customer relation. I go to these types of shops for fun and this place just doesn't have it
2	This place has alot of great antiques.  More expanded space opened to the side which has even more cool antiques.  However, I don't give them a great rating because they have been rude about my child several times.  Saying I have to hold my daughters hand the whole time.  My daughter is 4 and I know that if she breaks it I buy it.  I know antique stores are maybe not the best place for kids but I wouldn't bring her if I didn't think she could behave herself.
3	I could spend a whole day wandering the aisles of this mega huge warehouse full of treasures. There is a mixture of some wonderful & priceless antiques as well as a lot of junk. But you know what they say... Ones mans junk is another mans treasure. With that said there is truly something for everyone. I have been scooping up my own treasures here for years. Aprons, picture frames, plates, bowls, chairs and most recently a beautiful punch bowl set and kitchen canisters from the 19030's. My one complaint is that they are understaffed, and not that helpful sometimes. The other day it took FOREVER to be helped. I made a very large purchase which required over 30 items to be individually wrapped. So I decided to let them take their time, wrap it all up and I would return in a hour. So when I came back I asked for my items (3 big boxes and a solid oak chair.) they placed them on the counter and that was it. So I made 4 trips to my car and never said a word. I just wanted to see if ANYONE would offer to help. But NO! Not a single person, and the guy wasn't doing anything behind the counter nor were there any other customers. Now I will admit that for me it was no problem at all to carry it all myself, but It was disappointing that no one offered. Customer service is so important!
4	One mans trash is anothers treasure! From new in the package items to the old and antique you can find it here. This place is loads of fun searching for a time piece of history or a reproduction of some sort. There has to be over 100 vendors inside this place and yes it gives the feel of flea market but what antique store doesnt?! I have no complaints about this place. There were only 3 empty booths that were open for renting and the rest were overflowing with art work, figures, toys from the past, furniture, coins, old vending machines this place has it all. Beware you can realy loose track of time in here. Now this type of shoping experince is not for everyone. Honeslty if you are not into antiques or reto items then I do not recomed you stoping in and bringing your kids may be difficult as there are a lot of item sthey are going to want to touch and half of them could break easy. The staff here is great too. They are ready to help you and answer any questions you might have. They even gift wraped my tin sign I bought for my wife for christmas!
1	My husband was in shopping at the "Antique Mall of America" (located on S.Las Vegas Blvd, south of Blue Diamond) on Sunday around 2pm.  He had been in earlier in the week and I saw a reflection of a purse in a picture he sent to me. I had asked him to see what the price was of what appeared to be a Chanel purse.  On Sunday July 7th, he had gone down to purchase the purse for me as a surprise.  When he brought it to me, he explained the sales associate Gina had told him yes when he asked if it was real.  It was locked in a glass case while the rack marked "Faux Purses" was left open.  I called the store immediately and explained I would be returning it. When I got to the store around 5pm just hours after the purchase was made they refused to take the purse back.  The supervisor Vincent said all sales are final no exceptions.  Both he and Gina spoke about my husband as if he was the one in the wrong for not knowing it was fake.  I explained that A) my husband builds motorcycles, he has no idea about Luxury brands. B) he took the word of the sales associate Gina when she confirmed it was real.  C) they intentionally give the idea it's real when they keep it separate from the "faux bags" and locked in a case. D) the hand written ticket said "Chanel". How is an honest customer, who is unaware,  supposed to protect them self.  It is illegal to sell fake designer brands. My husband knows I would never wear a fake especially since I work for a luxury brand that people try to make fakes of.  They were rude and refused to correct their mistake. I have contacted the better business bureau of Las Vegas as well as Chanel.  I want his money back and they need to stop selling fakes.
2	If there's one thing I can't stand about local business (who I try to patronize as much as humanly possible) - it's when they flat out don't care what impression they give to customers or what kind of service they give. And that's what happened when I drove halfway across town for a first eager look at the "mall" - only to see on the door a printed out sign with "new hours" which meant they'd be closing in about 10 mins. I took a quick stroll down a few aisle even though I was a bit dumbfounded (and livid) - the booths were actually a bit better than I'd expected, but nothing caught my eye that would warrant a return trip. The Charleston Antique Mall, Medusa's, and Retro Vegas are all in my neck of the woods (and those businesses definitely have higher quality fare). In this day and age, if you have an online presence (Facebook, Yelp, etc) and can't bother to provide consumers of such simple information - you obviously don't want the business.
5	I like to visit antique malls when I travel and usually there's the usual selection of brick-a-brack but this place?  It's VEGAS, baby!  Lots of huge prop pieces (need an 8' tall Anubis, anyone?) and other odd items.  It also has the typical selection of vintage stuff, craft stuff and new stuff.  Good for a couple hours of fun away from the strip.  Will definitely be back if I visit again.
3	Ok mall.  Understaffed and the poor guy running the cash register looked flustered when more than one person was in line.  They need to work on their coordination skills.  The selection was all over the place from '90s crap to some high end French antiques.  Pricing is about what I expected.  Good place to kill an hour.
3	The last time I visited this antique mall was maybe 3-4 years ago. It was certainly lacking in terms of staging of the items. I was really put off by some lady trying to sell some trinket for $30 she found at the dollar store (The sticker was on the bottom, I didn't have the heart to tell her). This time was much better but I'm only giving it 3 stars because unfortunately it still just like any other antique malls in Las Vegas.   Most antique malls are always filled with overpriced (setting their price to ebay prices) small junk. Theirs is no different. Though the saving grace is I think they are under new management. They seem much friendlier and the staff definitely not too invasive when we are browsing.For the quality of items it is hit or miss. Some booths had sellers who priced their items to move quickly enough and others are just so ridiculous especially when they are dirty. My husband wasn't too happy with the prices but I still walked out with a decently priced jewelry box. Would I visit again? Sure. The drive isn't too far and I know sellers frequently come in to change product.
1	My son and I have been here twice. The first time, we were there about 45 minutes before closing. The employees started "letting us know" when closing was 30 minutes before they closed. It was very annoying and pushy to the point of rude. We went back to give them a second chance about 4 months later. We were able to see the second half of the store. We even saw several vendors in their booth. The vendors were very friendly and helpful. We were talking and having fun when one of the employees from the front desk came up to us and said, "Hello, do you know what time it is?" When we both looked at her funny and said "No!". She rudely told us, "It's after 6:00. We are closed!" We walked out and got in the car where the clock said 6:03!There is no reason for employees to be rude. There are so many other antique stores in Las Vegas. Don't waste your time on this one!
2	Can't really review, as they are not open until 7 pm, as their website states.
4	I enjoy walking through every aisle and trying to find something on each visit. There are multiple dealers with booths in this antique mall. Some have prices that truly reflects the real value of items and others seem to have no clue what they are selling. I am a shopper who likes to be left alone to browse and some dealers hover, reminding us constantly that they will make a great deal. Offer once and walk away. Recently though I was most disturbed by something for sell in one of the booths and how it was listed. I cannot know if the seller is ignorant or greedy or just simply unaware. But I hope someone informs Judy's Junk that the American flag they have for sale in a funeral home zipped case is not " never used " . It was given to the family of a veteran and as such should not be sold the way it is. They should call the veterans cemetery and ask where they can donate it. It is the right thing to do. If I could afford to buy it, I would do it myself, but that would defeat the point of this review. I have bought from Judy's before so I hope they do the right thing.
1	Very rude caucasian salesman ! I'm hispanic So I walk in the lady at desk doesn't say Hi another African American lady sees me and doesn't say Hi! So I'm already walked like 1/3 of the mall. So the man goes ( mind you doesn't say Hi) do you know our policy? and I say what? He's goes no back packs! I say it's my purse small pack , the ladies didn't say anything about my bag when I walked in .I go do you want to check it? He's goes on the way out!! Mind you other women with bigger purses in there Caucasian ladies , I wonder if he said anything to them. Well he ruined my shopping experience , I was gonna buy something but I didn't . Just wonder if the guy was prejudice , thinking I was gonna steal? Because I'm Hispanic??
3	I don't know how many people my age are interested in antique stores, but my husband and I enjoyed walking through. You never know what you'll find! We walked down every aisle, laughing or pointing out novel items. Some things are obviously not antique, which I wish the vendors wouldn't do, but ah well. My husband ended up buying some Star Trek action figures as a belated Christmas gift for his dad.The shopping center is very sad and abandoned looking. I don't think this will be a must do stop for every tourist in Vegas, but if you're interested in this type of thing, it really is a nice activity to spend an afternoon on.
