3	Escape the busy crowds of Princes Street and head for the roof top cafe / restaurant in John Lewis.  This is a kind of food court layout with lots of different counters.  So don't expect silver service, just grab your tray and whatever else you want.  With panoramic views of Edinburgh this is the idyllic place to sit and relax.  The rice crispy cakes and hot chocolate with marshmallows, scushie cream and anything else you can get on top are a particular treat.
2	This place gives me the rage whenever I come here, but for some ridiculous reason I keep coming back.  First of all - how the **** do the lines work??  I feel like I'm cutting in front of someone if I go directly to the section containing the food I want, but if you don't do that you're left queuing past things you have no interest in.  Secondly, the pricing has a tendency to be ridiculous for the quality and quantity of food.  And the drinks?  Why are they warm??  And WHAT TAKES SO LONG TO BRING OUT THE FOOD???Last time I came here, The Man and I were starving and exhausted and just needed something in our bellies.  Big mistake.  The place was packed full of people taking their SWEET time on their tables after finishing their lunch.  I opted for a quiche while The Man got penne carbonara.  My quiche was miniscule, but to be fair, the carbonara was super tasty and was prepared fresh(ish) instead of just sitting under a heat lamp, turning to mush.  However, this fresh prep (using pre-made sauce) meant that we waited FOREVER for his food to come.  This ended working on our favour because we had to hover over loads of tables to guilt people into leaving in order to get a seat.  This place is good in theory but awful in practice.  Never again.
3	So this place is across the road from a number of places I go with the wee one and so I always end up in it with other mums with buggys....it's a staple and I can't help it. There's a fabulous baby changing room which is a massive draw but I agree with the other Yelpers that as soon as you get out of that glass elevator boy do I want to run someone over with the pram. You find yourself instantly dodging tables with people eating or someone carrying a tray with hot tea...seriously JL SORT IT OUT. I don't want to have to play dodgem's with other customers whilst trying to figure out which counter I have to stand at in order to get what I want...Saying that though the food aint that bad...I do truly go here though because it's convenient, there's parking underneath, it's central and I can shop before and after :) It wouldn't be somewhere I would take anyone to impress them put it that way.
