5	Sweet potato tots to die for! I also had chicken fingers that have many different flavors to choose from. But they are huge! And juicy and full of flavor! The fixed up the dining area so cute.. Looks and seems clean which is def important in my book! My friends that I ate with had really good things to say about the dishes they ordered. The also have an interesting breakfast:) I work in this area and so I am def looking forward to trying out many if the other items in the menu.... Off to a good start I would say!
1	We have ordered here 2 times, and both times we have gotten raw food, One we ordered fingers, and they were pink in the middle. Another time  we ordered a burger, the burger was raw!!! We didn't even order it rare!!!
5	Great food and great service. The chicken tenders are huge. The salads are super good. The wraps are no joke. Plenty to choose from no matter what you're in the mood for. I eat out a lot and I know when ever I'm in the area of skinychick's I'm eating there no questions asked.
5	Chicken fingers are to die for! Had the buffalo blue wrap at lunch today and it was delicious. I love hot food, and I wish the "damn hot" flavor was a little hotter so go up one notch when choosing your flavor. Restaurant is clean and well organized. Nice lunch spot for me since I can eat and catch up on a little tv. Highly recommended!!
5	We have been here several 3 times in the last few weeks and each time the food was excellent!  We've tried something different each time and have been delighted at how tasty each item has been.  Great salad made with Kale instead of just plain lettuce for a healthier option, HUGE chicken wings fried to perfection, the Turkeygiving Burger that gives the Bobbie a run for it's money and the Chicken N Waffles..oh la la....Absolutely Delish! We will be back again very soon!
5	Great wings and an assortment of wonderful healthy options for you.  Although if you're not watching what you're eating, try the chicken n waffles and the PB & J pancakes!
3	I had the CLT avocado and it was good the first time. I replaced the Pesto with chipotle BBQ which was very good. Second time around I called to order food before coming and picking it up. They told me it'd be ready in 15 and I showed about 25 minutes later they hadn't even started on our food we waited another 20-25 minutes for our food before we left. Another thing is second time I ordered the same thing CLT I requested it be in a wrap this time. Though when we got back with our food it was made poorly with old ice berg lettuce chopped up chicken instead of the whole breast and romaine lettuce. Over all the place is decent, fun menu, just be ready to wait for your food and order as is.
4	I tried this place out after looking through the "hot and new" filter of Las Vegas restaurants. It's located on industrial by the Can Can room and some adult stores.I was a little skeptical with the idea as a picture of the menu reminded me of SkinnyFats so I thought it was like a knock off, but I actually had a good experience.You order at the register and there's about 3 or four booths and a couple of tables so the place is pretty small. They have paper menus by the register and their menus also hang off of the ceiling. They have burgers, wings, fries, wraps, and salads.We had a nice young gentlemen who took our order, brought out our food, and cleaned up after us. It was nice that he checked on us a few times. With this type of ordering system they have you usually just get your food dropped off and that's it.I got the thanksgiving burger with sweet potato fries, a 4 piece fingers with fries, and a 6 piece wings with fries. This was for three people. My burger was really good! The patty was seasoned well, was juicy, and some tasty herbs. It had Sage mayo, cranberry, and stuffing. The sweet potato fries were good and the serving was just right. My only criticism of this is they should totally butter the bun and toast it slightly & they should put more mayo. I know that's fat but it would really make a difference.The regular fries were also delicious & their fingers were on point. Nicely seasoned, juicy still, & a good portion.I always consider food cost and what I'm getting so I felt good about the meal after we all left.After I left I didn't feel like they tried to rip SkinnyFats anymore. I think their focus may be more on the chicken items hence their name. All in all I'd go back for sure to try some other things. It was clean, the staff was nice, it's affordable, and they have a lot of unique things.The staff should definitely put out a better tip jar. Just saying. The paper cup isn't cute. I just left it under the cup I left. Hope they got it!
4	Alil pricey for the location but completly get the bang for your buck sweet fries on point 100%
5	Amazing menu. Had a hard time sticking with my craving for chicken and waffles during a late night in Vegas. Ended up w/ a bacon waffle and fried chicken, and some sweet potato tots. Waffle and tots were delicious and came out quickly. Chicken wasn't as spectacular but still good. Very happy with my order. It's in an obscure area just off the strip but inside the restaurant is very nice. I liked the atmosphere a lot.
5	I was really impressed with everything. The service is excellent and so is the food. I usually get chicken with sweet tots, it's always on point. The menu is not overwhelming. I hate going to places and looking at the menu and not knowing where to start.  At skinny chick you have the perfect menu that makes sense. There is a healthy side and a not so healthy side. This is one of my new favorite spots. I recommend it to anyone.
5	I've eaten here a couple of times and it's really good.  If you are really hungry you want to do the AYCE Wings and Fries so good and it was really fast coming out.  Then another thing you want to try is their Turkeysgiving Burger.  It was way better than the Bobbie at Cappriotti's
