5	When I saw that they were opening a DSW in the Tempe Marketplace, my heart leapt for joy since that is just down the street from my office. I stopped in there for the first time yesterday after work since I had some time to kill before the ISC dinner. I was super impressed!! The store is very clean and well organized since it is brand spanking new. But on top of that it is decorated in a really nice way. I loved the fact that they had the clearance section separated by a small wall since that area usually gets crazy. And the purse section seemed larger and not so cluttered as compared to the Chandler location. My only complaint is that I don't think they have enough registers or room for queuing since I am sure once everyone realizes that this place is here they will be very, very busy! There were not too many people shopping when I was there yesterday. I had to do a return of something I had purchased online but the person who helped me was really friendly. I did a little shopping afterwards (not too much since the hubby was with me) and the salesperson on the floor was also really friendly and able to direct me to the exact location of a particular item I was looking for when I described it to her. Did I mention that this store is humungous?!?The biggest surprise was that I saw that they had name brand purses like Coach and Calvin Klein. The one in Chandler only has cheap looking no-name purses. So I was pretty surprised. I am not sure if that is something they are going to be adding to all the stores or if this Tempe Marketplace location is like a flagship store or something (it certainly looks it).
5	Finally, a DSW in Tempe! They have a wide selection of different brands and styles here, as well as a good selection of purses to choose from. The clearance section is always my first stop, followed by a thorough browsing of each aisle. : )I'm always like a kid in a candy store at a DSW. There's always something tempting to buy!Service was cheerful and friendly. If you're part of their rewards program you can rack up points towards a coupon (I redeemed a $10 coupon this visit), and they'll also give you discounts for your birthday.
5	Walking in here made me feel like I was having an "Oprah Winfrey" moment.  Not the "Ah-ha" moment that we know her to have.... Not even a "I feel like buying every shoe in here because I am a billionaire" moment.....   I was having an "Oprah Winfrey" moment as I walked in this Designer Shoe Warehouse because I felt like screaming at the top of my lungs........ "You get a pair.  YOU get a pair.  And You get a pair!  EVERYBODY. GETS. A. PAIR!"  What a crazy and exhilarating high I get from walking in a store that has waist high displays of shoes everywhere.  Rows upon rows of shoes, no, not just shoes..... discounted shoes!  As Wilma and Betty (Flintstones) once said, and is now the battle cry of every shoe-loving woman in America ................. "CHARRRRRRRRGE!"Kids, elderly, men and women, out of my way as I charge for the back of this store for the shoes that are marked down even more. Yes, I head straight and I mean do not pass GO, to the clearance section!   As I am heading back there, I scan the area for my size.  Once I spot my size I almost, no---- I gleefully skip to my section.  I almost always find a pair of shoes that I like.  When I find a pair of shoes in that clearance section, I feel like I have won a battle!  Mission accomplished.Once I have taken a look at the clearance section, I start making my way to the checkout counter.  But as I do, I peruse the isles of shoes that are not on clearance.  I check out sandals and boots usually.  DSW has all kinds of shoes by many different brands.  Like many shoe stores now, DSW carries many different types of accessories from Jewelry to Purses.I have won many a battle on a DSW showroom floor.  I was in this one today.. I went, I shopped, I conquered.  Put that on repeat!
5	Well , I had seen this place before,but had never gone in side. That is until about 1 month ago. When a fellow Yelper did a review. Then I thought why have I never gone in before??So I did. Dangerous? yes, for me.I have the shopping disease as many of my friends tell me. DSW really brought that out in me. Maybe that is why I avoid it. But, this place is stacked high with many fabulous pairs of shoes. All at a fairly reasonable price. So Hello DSW The Shoe wonderland.It is clean and well organized, so you can search and actually find what you are looking for. Yest another wonderful thing.They also have a rewards program, so the more you shop ,they more you save. Which is another reason why I love to shop!By the way it is located in the Tempe Market Place.So lots of Parking.
4	Got a pair of Nine West heels for 30$. Need I say more? Clean, polite staff, huge selection, clearance. The perfect store. Everyone knows this already.
