3	My family came in for a visit this past weekend and I suggested the Omni to them for their hotel stay. The hotel itself is pretty, and having this restaurant is a nice convenience for sure. We decided to try it for breakfast, and when we walked in were a bit confused... Do we seat ourselves or are we supposed to wait for someone? There were menus sitting in the entry way as you walked in that I think you could use for breakfast. We stood there for a second and a woman walked up to us and said to sit wherever we'd like. We picked our table, and waited... she walked by and said she'd be right back. We waited some more.. there was a buffet there, but I had seen the menus and I was wondering if we were allowed to just walk up to the buffet or what. Our server comes back over and asks us what we'd like to drink. I order the sweet tea and it tastes AWFUL!! My mom took a sip of hers and made the same face in agreeance. We asked for something else, and she brought it over quickly. The buffet was $15 per person, and it was actually really good. If the review were based solely on the food, it would be a star higher. The pancakes were a vanilla malted concoction and they were amazing. I am not kidding when I say they were the best pancakes to ever hit my mouth. Yes, hit my mouth.. they were so good I was stuffing them in my face hole... NOM... Oh, but the service.. The service was just very poor for such a "high end" type of place. She was more like a server you'd expect at a Golden Coral, and frankly I've had better service at some of those than I did here. I never got a refill, and she never came back to check on us till we were basically finished. Now I know that it's a buffet and all, but man, you'd think that would make the service even better. Our server was more entranced by the guy who was working there with her, as they just chatted away. She did tell us bye and to have a great day though... seriously Omni, I expected much better than this.
4	This is one nice place. I went here 2 times in a 2 day period. Both times got the breakfast buffet. I missed out on the Vanilla Malted pancakes the first day. The bacon is thick cut and crispy. The meats are awesome, and I even ate some granola/yogurt. High class, a tad expensive but worth it! It's a little tucked away if you are not staying at the hotel, but once you find this spot, you will return. I would say on the first day we had sub-par service. I know it's a buffet, but refill a drink even if it is water. At least make yourself present. It wouldn't have been so bad if they were busy, but we were the servers only table. I know this because we were the ONLY table. The second day was completely different. The service was top notch. This server was on top of everything. I hadn't finished 5 minutes before the plate was snatched away, drinks refilled before they were empty. Great food, but service brings it down 1 star.
4	This restaurant is tucked inside the Omni hotel next to the hotel's conference rooms. The public can also get to this restaurant from the escalator leading to the 2nd floor in front of the Starbucks inside the Overstreet Mall. I would never discover this restaurant if someone hadn't told me about it. The Trade offers a lunch soup & salad bar Monday - Friday for $6.95. I'm a big fan of this salad bar. Supposely, some of the lettuce served on the bar are grown on-site on the hotel's pool deck. (Chef keeps a small garden up there). [Someone please help me verify this information]. All the salad dressing are homemade. The mix salads are changed daily, and they're hit & miss. The tomato basil soup is consistently good, but there's always something not right about the other soup of the day. The featured dessert is always good but they always forget to bring out the small dessert plates. Overall, it's a lot of value for $6.95 lunch. However, the fountain drinks are $4 with free refills. So, it may send your lunch budget into overdrive if you really have to have a soft drink for lunch.
4	This place is located right in the omni uptown Charlotte lobby.  I came here one night because I was staying at omni and didn't want to walk far for food.  I came here not expecting much because usually hotel bars/restaurants are overpriced and average at best.  Surprisingly this place is within reasonable price $15 bucks for a filling meal. I got their standard burger on the menu and it was well prepared and cooked (I like mine medium), the bun on the burger was very soft, and the fries complemented the burger to perfection :) OH YES they also serve you complimentary wasabi peas/Japanese snacks as you wait for your main entree.Since I stay at the omni for work I will probably drop by here from time to time.  enjoy!
4	This menu is top to bottom with great uncommon food like chicken lollipops & a grilled cheese with fig preserves on sunflower bread.  You must flip in here & take it for a ride... You will not be sorry.
5	I'm giving this bar/restaurant 5 stars because of the great service. Everyone of the staff members was very nice. The drinks were tasty and the good was good too. I would definitely return if in the area.
3	I went there for breakfast and I got the three egg white omlet. It came with potatoes and bread. The omlet itself was incredibly filling so I would recommend going if you're feeling like having a large breakfast. The potatoes were a little undercooked. Service took 30 mins even when no one was really there and we weren't a large party.
