3	I have dogs and they are my babies, so I understand the love for dogs, but I couldn't really get a feel for this store. It does have some cute stuff for dogs but most things were not suitable for bigger dogs, so I thought. Very cute if you have a dog obsession and it was nice to walk around and look at stuff, but nothing too practical I would actually buy for my dogs. You might love it though, so go check it out.
5	My favorite dog boutiques in Las Vegas! So many great products for your dog!!!
5	I have three little dogs and I can't stop coming here.  They have the cutest treats for my doggies and they love them.  Their own food they is super healthy and my dogs love the food.  Their skin problems have really improved since I swithced them to their food.Thye have great things for large and small dogs.  The owner is there all the time and she is very sweet and really explains the products well.  They are always getting new things in- some are expensive like the doggie treadmill, but still super cute.This really is the best dog store in Las Vegas.
5	I am often at Tivoli Village and more specifically right in front of The Dog House participating in adoption events.   The staff is always friendly and the fact they support adoption events and allow us to come inside to cool down when necessary, how could I not love everything about this store.  They have unique items for dog lovers at varying price points.  I, myself, am a fan of plaques with cute sayings, dog bowls and picture frames.  I would love the doggie treadmill to tire mine out on occasion but that's a little pricey so that would be a dream purchase!
5	What a great little store.....some of the cutest doggie toys, accessories and treats I have ever seen.  Lucky for us the Christmas items were 50% off and they still had some cute items.  The display with all the toys and the "pit bull" with all the Vegas toys was creative.  The special selection of grain free treats as well is very impressive.  All in all, very unique specialty store with just about everything for dogs.  If you are a Yelper.....make sure you check in, at the time I got 5.00 off any purchases over 25.00.  Or sales girl was very nice and answered all our questions, she did have to call the owners about the Yelp discount...but no problems.  Thank you Jillian & Ian. I will stop & shop next time I am in Vegas.
4	Great store for dogs big and small. I think they specialize in the small froufrou dogs but there are plenty of toys, accessories and treats for any size dog. Surprisingly their prices on most items is pretty comparable. They always have different toys that we haven't seen in other pet stores so we've been buying those the most. Of course, what dog would deny their fancy treats either. Staff is always friendly and helpful, if they aren't busy they love to find out about your dog. And encourage you to bring your dog in for a visit. When ever in Town Square we always pop in to see what they have new.
4	Nifty little store with all kinds of trinkets, collars, doggers (dog strollers), treats, apparel, even dog games to bump their IQ.....etc etc.  I enjoyed taking a gander, I would give this place a five, minus the extraordinarily high price mark-ups. Geesh!  But I suppose that's what you get with a "boutique" store. But overall, they've got some really cute stuff & I especially enjoyed the blinged out pup necklaces. ;)
4	Nice little bakery. The clerk was very friendly and made recommendations tailored to the breed of my dogs. The place was immaculately clean and not over priced for specialty biscuits. Only $1.50 and they have a special on Tuesdays. I will be back.
5	I absolutely love this store!!! So many great things for dogs that you can't find anywhere else! Plus all the items you can buy from local pet artists! They also have a great line of holistic, human grade food made by them!!! Not to mention the staff is amazing! Maggie is a fantastic associate that they have and is always helpful when I go in.
5	After living in Vegas for the past 1.5 years of commercialized businesses, it really warms my heart to see a local family owned business when you are originally from a town full of them. The employees are are so friendly and welcoming and always willing to help. Theres a little Chihuahua there to greet guests and is a total sweetheart. The Dog House doggy botique also has little hand made treats for you to buy your pups!  I saw a little doggy treadmill from the outside which is what prompted me to go inside and the little chihuahua was more than happy to demonstrate how to use it! It's really too bad I don't have a dog of my own or I would visit much more often (oops!)
5	What an adorable store! I love that the employees bring their pets to work and dogs are welcomed into the store.  Also very impressed by the variety of football jerseys for every NFL team. They make their own treats which my dog assures me is quite delectable as well as a frozen food that is causing him to have a little pooch... Pun intended !
4	I can't help spending money when I walk into The Dog House. Soooo many cute sweaters, accessories, toys, treats, and even supplements for your best friend. I am often irritated when I go into boutique pet shops because they usually only have things for small pooch's. But the Dog house doesn't discriminate and are looking out for all dogs, big and small.  I recently just purchased a 4XL sweater for my friends 160lb wolf hybrid! It would have fit me!The staff is always friendly and very knowledgeable about their products.
2	The manager doesn't know the meaning of customer service apparently.  The kids working the store both times I went in, were great!  But they had to call the owner about something that I wanted to buy during the 12 days of Christmas, and she refused.  Then she called back while I was still there and said she would partially give in.  Thanks for not much!I get much better service from the owners of Healthy Tails  or 3 Dog Bakery!  They are personable and they know how to take care of their customers (who aren't just tourists.)  If the kids weren't so dang nice I would've given this place one star.
5	I have a new puppy and of course I am now on the hunt for ways to spoil her. I'm fairly new to las vegas and I came across Town square. I started to investigate the shops and wahlah! here is a charming doggie store. 192 ways to spoil your favorite pooch. The staff is very friendly and they sometimes bring in their own pets.Im amazed at how well behaved they are running free in the store like that.(they must give them shock therapy,haha...jk) There are a lot of great choices ranging from treats to outfits to utility items. Be warned this place is addictive and it doesn't take much more then a whim to spend some money here...but its all for the little prince or princess in our lives so its definetly worth it !
4	Looking for something fancy and overpriced for Fido? Well, look no more - here's just the store for you.The store itself is nice. A cute little spot to window shop in Town Square. And if I was made of money, I would totally buy things from here for my little four-legged furry critter. There's really a ton of cute stuff! We wound up just purchasing a couple of dog treats. I couldn't quite sell James O. on our doggie really REALLY needing that little treadmill. Oh well.The one staffer never said a word to us until we went to the cash register to pay. Not exactly friendly and helpful service.But I'll give 4 stars for the cute and unique items. I'll be sure to keep this place in mind in case I 1) ever need a great gift for a dog lover and/or 2) ever hit a jackpot.
5	Huge fan of this cute dog boutique. They have a ton of really cool dog treats, toys and such. If you are at Town Square with your dog it is a nice place to take your pet in and have a look around. The staff is the tops! I did not get her name, but the lady working on Saturday afternoon was fantastic. She greeted our dog and gave her some treats. She also told us all about the shop and the different offerings. She was very friendly and helpful. It was a great experience and we will be stopping by regularly from now on!
5	You gotta visit this store! Trina was the best and so energetic. Can't wait to visit again.
1	Although this boutique had great dog apparel, I was highly dissatisfied with the service. At first the girl was helpful, but became pushy in no time. When they didn't have the dog collar I was looking for in stock, I said it was ok & I would order online. She became slightly offended and started asking me what else I needed to order online because I wasn't ordering the collar through this store. Why do I need to explain where I choose to shop?Also, she kept trying to feed my dog treats, even though I kept asking her not to. I also asked her not to feed him such a big of a piece, because he's only a puppy and doesn't always chew his treats well, and the treat she was trying to give him was tough and too big. After telling her I didn't want her to feed that to him, she proceeded to get a different kind and became offended again after basically trying to force it when I again told her no. I again had to explain myself, we only feed him organic cooked chicken breast that we make ourselves, we don't give him packaged treats. She kept trying to tell me how great and all natural the treats were even though I didn't want them and wasn't interested, and proceeded to tell me that it's better I feed the chicken to my dog raw because giving him cooked chicken is bad. I did not appreciate being told what I should and shouldn't do with my dog. We run everything by our veterinarian and I was offended by her pushy demeanor. This was probably the most uncomfortable shopping experience I have had. I felt disrespected and I would not recommend this store.
4	What a great place for ur k9 pal. From gourmet dog cookies/cakes and foods to high end purse carriers this place is super fun to visit/shop. Walking by I was intrigued by the NFL doggie uniforms and cheerleader outfits and after walking inside i quickly noticed the concrete covered floor which is ready for any accidents your doggie may have while visiting this store on leash. There is also a couch towards the back where you can take a break with ur pouch and enjoy the treats. There is a vast variety of clothes, collars, dog leashes, harness, and toys to choose from. My favorite was the 2' miniature Fire Hydrant! The staff was very friendly and quick to ask if we need anything particular. As window shoppers they were also nice not to watch over use and keep asking if we needed anything, so it was a relaxed experience and environment. Although somewhat higher in costs the other commercial dog accessory stores, the quality of the items and uniqueness of them lend to a slightly higher $ which I'm okay with. I can wait to stop in again and see whats new next time and even purchase some of those awesome looking treats they have!
5	I love this store, staff are super friendly and they ordered a Seahawks jersey for my dog for me and notified me when it was in.  Its hard to find a jersey to fit a 90lb dog but they were able too. They also have the BEST selection of dog tags for your pooch there, so of course I had to order one of those as well!!!And the Bull Dog who roams around in there is a stud!! too cute!!
4	My husband and I got our dog's 2nd birthday cake here! And yes I know it might sound silly but they had such cute pupcakes (cupcakes) and regular cakes that you can get personalized. They also had really cute treats! The staff was super friendly and helpful! I don't normal dress my dogs in clothes but they has such cute basketball jerseys! My husband and I have opposing teams so it doesn't seems like we will agree on this anytime soon.Cute store, cute stuff. Get your dog something nice!
4	Having a store where I can buy ridiculous things for my dog reminds me that I am not alone.  Other people have kids, but I have my dog.  We went to the mall specifically because of this store.  Even though my GPS took me to the wrong place (hello, Mandalay Bay parking garage!) when we finally got there, it was worth it.  Even though it was super expensive, everything there was high quality or ultra novelty.  For instance, I bought some toys that I have never seen before.  One of them says "Americanine Express" and looks like a little credit card!  I also got my dog a birthday hat and a cake mix.  So much fun to look around and dream about the day when I get a little girl dog, too!
