5	Great job on the repair. Worked great with my insurance and was quick to answer my questions about the job that was done.OH, and they had a bat-mobile in their classy lobby. Thank you, Gerber!
1	TERRIBLE REPAIR. DO NOT COME HERE IF YOU CAN AVOID IT!!!!!!...OR if you value your time, the quality of the repair, and your sanity!! This review is lengthy, if you want to read my horror story then keep scrolling. If your lacking in time: DONT CHOOSE THIS LOCATION!!!! PERIOD.This location has been an absolute nightmare to deal with!!! They don't give a rat's fart about fixing anything the right way. I took my truck in for repair 6 months ago and only just got it fixed properly by another location a few days ago. Gerber on Omaha is incompetent, pay zero attention to detail, and hope that you don't look too closely at their crap work so they can pass by with the least amount of effort on their part.If you point something out they try and deflect by making ridiculous excuses. I told Rudy, a service liaison, that my truck alarm sounded muted/ weird. He was like no that sounds normal. Well RUDY- The Hampton branch confirmed my suspicions and said the alarm speaker was crushed!Thanks Rudy for addressing my concern and at least visually inspecting it before dismissing me.My 2nd issue right out of the gate was when they didn't even notice that they hadn't buffed out the giant scuff on my headlight.3rd they installed my censors upside down!!! My truck would beep intermittently constantly. I had to drive back and forth to a toyota dealership many miles from my home to get it looked at. Not to mention on my own time + gas- at least 4 times. All in the hopes of determining what the problem was. Eventually a toyota expert discovered the censors had been installed upside down.Now red flags AND bells are going off about this locations integrity and competence.4th, I took my truck back because the bumper was not flush and the fender was bent in slightly. How could they overlook this? I spoke with Monica the manager, to address this issue. As a little thank you for my patience they filled in a small chip on my windshield so the crack wouldn't spread. Mind you I had to ask for this and big whoop anyways after what I've already dealt with. After I pick up my truck this time, they threw my front mud flap in the back of my truck and never even bothered to put it back on!!!! By this point I'm not a happy camper. Monica in my opinion only told me what she thought I wanted to hear to appease me. Which is incredibly frustrating. I don't want to hear apologies, I just want it to be fixed. Correctly.--during my re-do repair at the other location, I got an update saying they repaired the broken alarm speaker and that they found another clip hinge thing that was broken. So to me, it looks like the Omaha branch didn't bother to fix it- most likely because it wasn't visible from the outside. Cool guys. Thanks for taking such good care of me ;(I have lost sleep over my HORRIBLE experience at this Gerber. I will go out of my way to make sure to post my review on as many platforms as possible so people can make an informed decision to avoid this Gerber Omaha branch AT ALL COSTS. If your insurance suggests this location- drive the extra distance to go somewhere else. TRUST
5	Great experience! Staff very friendly and helpful. Kept us informed over the whole repair. Also they have the Batmobilein the lobby. Cool by itself!!
