5	This flower gallery is located at the McGill Rose Garden on North Davidson, it's that public park with the little house in front right before the railroad tracks, that building you drive by and say, "that little garden is so cute."  Or maybe that's just me.  I popped in Nectar to check it out.  It reminds you of a general store but loaded with little pots of succulents, large arrangments heading out the door for a fancy wedding at the Duke Mansion and small vases of seasonal happy flowers. The people working are always friendly and don't mind you wandering around, I go in there and poke around more than I go in there to buy something, but the other day a little potted succulent caught my eye, I couldn't resist.  And are you ready for the best part?.... it was under twenty bucks!  If anyone ever ask for suggestions for a florist, Nectar is top on my list.  Tiny, local business, grass roots values and seasonal products.  Go check it out!
5	Having long ago given up on national chains (1-800-Flowers, Teleflora), I came across Nectar after doing a Yelp! search in the area (I live in Los Angeles and was ordering flowers for a relative who lives just outside of Charlotte). They struck me as refreshingly unique in their flower selections and whimsical design approach. I ordered a bouquet with no direction beyond "Red, blue, and purple flowers. Something fun." and a $60 price limit. A few days later I received an email from my relative, who wrote the following:"I got your flowers yesterday and they were absolutely stunning! It was definitely the most original bouquet of flowers I have ever received, and I loved the square vase, too."Mind you, she works professionally in landscape design, so this is high praise. I recommend to anyone in or out of the area, especially those looking for an arrangement you don't see everyday.
5	I was very pleased with this floral designer, especially since I what I wanted was a rather difficult assignment!My mother-in-law passed away and my mom wanted to send my husband flowers. She didn't know what he'd like, so she enlisted my help.  I found Nectar online at Yelp and had actually walked through a few weeks ago while visiting McGill Rose Garden (they are right outside). They were in the midst of getting ready for a HUGE wedding, but were super nice and I appreciated it.I decided to run over and talk with the owner, Karisa, who was so very helpful!  I knew from her website she loves to design interesting an unusual arrangements, which is just what I needed for my hubby. He is NOT a typical flower guy  - is there one?I said, "I need something like my mother-in-law - contemporary, not frilly, colorful. It needs to go in a man's office and not embarrass him. I want it to live for awhile.  I want him to love it and think of his mom. The budget is $X"  Karisa was wonderful and knew just what to do! She showed me tons of flowers on cards and live plants to pick from so I could say Yes or NO, and had some very creative vase alternatives. She even put live plants with some perky colorful flowers (in water tubes so they would stay nice for a long time!)The arrangement was delivered the next day.  My hubby called to tell me he'd received an amazing, stunning, floral arrangement from my parents!  He said, "It is beautiful!"  I could tell he was looking at it while we talked, and he said it reminded him of his mom. Honestly, I just about cried when he said that because I knew my mom would so happy that my husband was touched and thought it was beautiful!Karisa got it exactly right! Hit the nail on the head! We will be using her again and again!http://www.flickr.com/photos/77884993@N08/7335841402/http://www.flickr.com/photos/77884993@N08/7335461688/http://www.flickr.com/photos/77884993@N08/7335841506/http://www.flickr.com/photos/77884993@N08/7335841252/http://www.flickr.com/photos/77884993@N08/7335841066/
5	Wonderful local florist...they take the time to give each customer the best care and attention. Warm and helpful, the florist personally designed a special arrangement for my father's birthday and even arranged for same-day delivery. Not your run-of-the-mill florist, this one takes the time to stock unique flowers and put them together in fantastic ways...so refreshing with all the ho-hum chains out there!!Reasonably priced arrangements and delivery is included in the price.  I can't recommend them more highly...I will definitely be ordering from them again!!Thank you, Nectar!!!
5	The best!  This place is AWESOME!  Went in needed some special flowers and she did not disappoint.  If you need flowers, this is a must go to place.
5	Wonderful staff--very patient and helpful even though I called with a very last minute request. I definitely recommend them if you live in the Charlotte area!
5	I ordered thank you flowers for my boss and Dan was awesome. Very lovely people with gorgeous arrangements. Our transaction occurred by phone (as I am in Los Angeles) and he couldn't have been more lovely. I highly recommend this business for all your floral needs in the Charlotte area.
5	Looking for something unique and full of character? Look no further than Nectar Floral designs! I have had the opportunity to work with Karisa for a few years now and I can promise you, she NEVER disappoints! She is creative and kind, unique and helpful, detailed driven and reasonably priced. She can deliver or you can go to her shop located off N Davidson at the McGill Rose Garden (which I highly recommend - it is a little paradise in itself)
5	The best florist in Charlotte. Karisa is a one of a kind. Creative and kind and thoughtful. She understands her clients and knows exactly what to do. Her creations will blow your mind. If you don't call her for your wedding, you are a fool-you will look just like every other wedding or bouquet of flowers out there with no thought or sentiment behind it. So call Nectar. Be original
5	Bravo to this wonderful florist for flawless customer service. My wonderful boyfriend planned to have flowers delivered to my job on my birthday from 1800flowers. When he discovered they were never delivered they told him I'd get them the following day (not my birthday). He was extremely upset and called Nectar close to their closing time and they were more than happy to throw together a beautiful arrangement for him AND deliver them. Nectar to the birthday rescue my boyfriend was EXTREMELY pleased and my last min arrangement was filled with beautiful poppies and hydrangea ! Thank you !!!
5	Wow.  Awesome.  I cannot possibly recommend this place enough.  Most of the modern florist world is FTD/Teleflora/1800Flowers/ProFlowers: generic.  Those are the McDonald's and Applebees of arrangements.  You're getting a reheated version of something mass-produced with no spice or character.  Nectar is the opposite of that.  You can describe the tastes of the recipient and the sentiment you wish to express, and this place will craft something that artistically represents what you want to convey.  If you're giving someone flowers and you don't care about that...why are you giving that person flowers in the first place?Cannot recommend highly enough.  If there's a cheat code on yelp for a 6th star, I wish I knew it.
5	I just had their flowers sent to a friend and they are beautiful! I chose Nectar based on the photos on their website and they do not disappoint. I asked for something with pink peonies, soft and pretty and they completely over delivered. I love their aesthetic and will most definitely use them again.
5	I ordered flowers for my cousin and this is hands down - the best flower shop in Charlotte!  The florists are truly architects of flower arrangements.  I was so impressed, especially coming from someone who is exposed to super talented florists here in San Francisco on a daily basis.  This place is not cheap, but when it comes to spending $$ on flowers, if I pay a certain price, I expect a certain caliber of work, and this place went above and beyond.  So, if you need to get flowers for a friend or special someone - this is the ONLY place to go :P
1	Cannot recommend this florist at all.   I really like to use local, neighborhood businesses, this one fell so very short.  The flowers were not delivered on time.  Even though they said they knew where the address was, they needed to call me well after the delivery time to find my address.  In addition, I do not think they securely handled the processing of my Visa -- which worried me enough to get an invoice and pay by check.   Will be looking for someone else.
5	Belated in writing this review, but Nectar came through on delivery with a brilliant bouquet despite treacherous, post-snowstorm conditions on Valentine's Day. A fun little shop that's a great change of pace from the national chains. Well worth stopping by.
5	I'm out of state and was looking for a local florist in Charlotte (for a same day delivery no less). I kept coming across shops with the same, identical boring arrangements until I found this gem on Yelp. Called right when they opened, talked about what I was looking for, my budget and just a few hours later a beautiful bouquet was delivered. They made it all easy, and I actually talked with a lovely human about what kind of flowers I wanted used. So happy!
5	Excellent. Period. I walked in, no idea what I wanted for my wife for Nurses' Week. Karisa was right there walking me through it all. No hurry and so friendly to talk to. She explained the types of arrangements and flowers and prices thoroughly. I left excited to come back and see the finished product. I picked up the arrangement not even 2 hrs later. It was GORGEOUS. So many different and beautiful flowers that worked perfectly. Most importantly - my wife LOVED IT. She was so excited she posted it on FB to brag to everyone. THANK YOU!
5	I live in  Los Angeles and instead of calling my usual go to connection.. 1-800-#%$$I decided to give a local florist a shot for a change.  Thank you yelpers, you steered me in the right direction with your great reviews.. I spoke with Dan and told him I wanted star gazer lillies.. He called to make sure they had some before he could commit to my order. Yes, he would have his designer make up a beautiful design and he was true to his word. My mother was thrilled. Delivered right on time with even refrigerated water in the vase.  A happy customer.. Happy Mothers Day...
5	Our guests were BLOWN AWAY! I placed a last minute order for seasonal, garden-esqe arrangements for an End of Summer party.  Karisa was very professional and provided a written quote with a detailed description of the room and the look we wanted.  WOW.  Just breathtaking.   AND less expensive than the other Dilworth/Elizabeth area florists we have used in the past.  I have no doubt, you will be VERY happy with Nectar Floral Designs!
5	I was a pleasure working with Dan and results made the recipient very happy. Dan went out of his way to get me Calla Lilies and got the flowers delivered in record time.
5	Nice little shop. Beautiful flowers and a very helpful owner. Without a doubt the best place I've found to buy flowers in Charlotte, and a great small, locally owned business to support. I'll be back.
5	Another out of town reviewer who needed to send flowers to someone in Charlotte and lucked out via Yelp.  Called with the vague instructions that I wanted "An arrangement with textures and colors that pop like gemstones" I gave a budget and said "She likes pink".  I was told that they didn't have any pink flowers in stock but would send out for them.  I told them that if it meant a delay, I'd pass on the pink.  Well, within hours I got a wonderful thank you telling the flowers had arrived with a photo that totally blew me away....the arrangement was beautiful and complex - not something you'd see walking into a typical florist...colors galore and yes there was some knockout pinks.  I don't think I could've found a more perfect arrangement.    The biggest surprise was when I got the bill...under budget!
5	Sent Christmas bouquet from Chicago to friends in Charlotte.  Chose Nectar based on reviews and it worked.  The bouquet was gorgeous!  My friend saved the Nectar card as a result and said she didn't think she had ever gotten a more beautiful arrangement!
