5	If you're looking to explore the city of Montreal, this bike tour is for you! It's really a great way to spend a day.My girlfriend and I went there for a few days and signed up for tour as a way to get a lay of the land. Shea, the owner, gave us a super-fun tour packed with the best places in town to drink, eat, and people watch. Shea was very knowledgeable about the city. He's lived there for about 8 years, and has learned a lot about the city's history; so, he can fill your curiosity.Throughout the tour, we had a lot of questions for him, and he was able to give us 8 places to go visit while we were there. We wound up going to and enjoying ALL of them! He really turned us into Montreal fans!
5	What a fantastic way to orient yourself to Montreal! First, I have to say that Shea the owner is super responsive by email and text (and totally respected my roaming cell fees fro the US). He spent a good bit of time trying to find a bicycle with three wheels that my mom could ride. He also catered our tour to our group of two non cyclists and one hard core gym rat. Plus, we were a diverse age group 53, 34 and 36 and the ride was adapted to accommodate our fitness levels.This is definitely a cruise, not a ride. Shea takes you all over Montreal with breathtaking views, interesting history and gorgeous architecture. It feels like he's showing you his favorite spots. A croissant, coffee, and light lunch are included.He's really embraced Montreal and wants you to love it as much as he does. His knowledge and enthusiasm are infectious. The bikes are practically brand new comfort style bikes. You never feel rushed and you feel that you got the most you could out of his tour.I will look for a bike tour now in every city I visit thanks to the fantastic experience I had at Cycle Tours Montreal!
5	I visited Montreal for work and had just two days to be a tourist.  To cover as much of the city as possible, I booked a bike tour with Cycle Tours.  Shea was very responsive over email and went out of his way to make sure I could get on a tour, even though I was flying in that same day!My tour group was roughly 10-ish people and was hosted by David (who, by now, is off to Germany to be a pilot).  He knew everything there was to know about the city, both from the view of a tourist and as a local.Even if you're not an experienced biker, you'll do just fine on this tour.  You'll generally go 5-10 minutes, stop for an explanation, and then move on.  It's a nice leisurely pace, especially when the weather is nice.Definitely worth doing again!
5	Excellent Bicycle Cruising Tour of Montreal... ::PROS::Cool, knowledgeable, tour guides (Shea and Martin)2 1/2 hour ride around Montreal (Downtown, Old town, Atwater Farmer's Market)Informative about Montreal past and present Novice route around Montreal, so it can get challenging the uphill partScenic trails Pretty decent bikes. ALL the moving parts work  Stress safety, and cautious of the groupIt was a good experience, and a different way to see the city..
5	This biking trip was one of the best ways to get a tour of beautiful Montreal. I'm so glad we did this trip on our first day there because it helped us get a few for the different areas on the city. Our guides, Martin and Shea were the coolest dudes. Not only did they give us a great tour of the city, they even mapped out a dozen or so locations for us to go party at night. The tour wasn't only about viewing the city. They both had considerable knowledge about the city's history, passing that long to us. It was nice taking breaks and getting to know more about the beautiful city. I would rank the bike ride as moderate difficulty, but well worth it.  They make sure not to leave anyone behind so don't worry about it. For our tour, we got to take a break halfway and get some pizzas and drinks. The entire experience was great and I would do it again when I come back to Montreal.
5	A friend booked the tour so I had no idea what I was getting into besides I would be riding a bike. Turned out to be one of the coolest things I did in Montreal. We had a large group so there were two guides that led us. Shea (the owner) and Martin. They were super knowledgeable of the area and the history and overall awesome people.You start out in their shop where they have a bunch of bikes and helmets. They'll adjust the seats as necessary. I thought it was cool that all the bikes had names. I had Percival. After getting everything ready and some quick instructions you'll head out on your 18km bike ride. You'll stop frequently for the guides to give you some info on the area.I haven't ridden a bike in a LONG time. so for a bike novice, the whole bike tour was like a 6.5/10 difficulty. Most of it is okay, but there was one long hill that took it's toll on my legs.I would recommend anyone going to Montreal to try this, if the weather is nice. You get to see the city in a fairly relaxed manner and probably get to spots that you would never think of if you were driving a car.
5	I was a part of a big group and it was an awesome tour.  In terms of the actual tour you could read my other friend's review's for the details.But, I wanted to share my experience with cordinating and booking with Shea and the guys at Fitz.   He understood that we had a group had a group of 16 and we were not that experienced with Montreal.  He asked about our overall itinerary and plans beforehand.  Not only did they work around our schedule but he actually gave us suggestions on how to plan our weekend before we even booked their tour.  We had to change our tour start time  a few times, but they were always cool with it.  Their flexibility was great considering we were dealing with so many people in our party.Montreal is a BEAUTIFUL city and Fitz $ Follwell Co is the best way to see it's beauty.  These guys are knowledgable and have the best customer service.
5	Excellent Bicycle Cruising Tour of Montreal...::PROS::Cool, knowledgeable, tour guides (Shea and Martin)2 1/2 hour ride around Montreal (Downtown, Old town, Atwater Farmer's Market)Informative about Montreal past and presentNovice route around Montreal, so it can get challenging the uphill partScenic trailsPretty decent bikes. ALL the moving parts work  Stress safety, and cautious of the groupIt was a good experience, and a different way to see the city..
5	A group of 7 of us did the Mountain to Island tour, about 5-1/2 hours with some pretty good climbs.  The tour was fantastic in every respect, and so was our guide, Martin, and all of the staff.  The equipment they gave us was excellent, and Martin was extremely knowledgeable and patient with some of our less experienced riders.  We liked it so much we signed up for a second tour during our stay.
5	The best and only way to cycle in Montreal. Bixi's are great to get to and from restaurants but if you want to really get to know the city and it's culture, this is the place. You can really sense their affection and appreciation for Montreal and cycling. I have absorbed their way of mind and plan to buy a bike when I get back home. Truly a wonderful tour and guide. Thank you guys soooo much!!!
5	My beautiful wife and I took a tour with Melissa from Fitz and follwell.    We opted for the culinary walking  half tour and can say with total honesty that it was the highlight of our trip.  Melissa was fun, knowledgeable, flexible and very accommodating, she made the tour feel like a good friend who lives in Montreal was taking you around (a very high compliment).  This group does a fantastic job of helping people from out of town like us get to know the Montreal of today while explaining the Montreal of the past.  I cannot recommend this group enough.  We will most certainly look them up again if and when we revisit the great city of Montreal.
5	Fantastic experience with Fitz and Follwell!!! We were a bachelorette party of 11 and decided on the bike and walking culinary tour. Our guides were so lovely - Martin & Mimi for bike, and Melissa & Leah for food. Saw so much of the city that we would've otherwise never seen. All guides were so accommodating to the group -  which is no easy task for 11 girls. Thanks so much to Annie and Shea as well for the coordination and planning! Will absolutely be recommending this company to anyone who comes to Montreal!
5	On our last day in Montreal, a group of friends and I did a bike tour around the city with Fitz & Folwell. We had to reserve a few weeks in advance, and our preferred date (Saturday) was fully booked - so definitely call ahead if you have interest. The tour starts at 10 and is advertised to end at 2 - but be aware that if you do have slow riders in your group (and we had a couple who crashed a few times, which slowed down our tail rider), it will go longer. Our bike tour ended at 3:45 PM, which was substantially later than we anticipated - but the weather was incredibly gorgeous out (70 degrees with nary a cloud in the sky), so I did not mind at all.If you show up around 15 minutes ahead of time, it's easy enough to get set up - you head out back (which is really just walking through the back of the store to a back road, where it's easy to get people set up on their bikes). After a short introduction (we had Frederic as our guide, and Mimi, a McGill student, as our tail rider), we were on our way. There's much more of a balance at the beginning of talking about the sites are you ride through McGill through downtown, and eventually down through Old Montreal to the water; once you bike past Old Port (which you will stop by later on), you get a decent amount of stretch where you are just biking beside Lachine Canal to Atwater Market. There, you'll eat lunch (which, for us, was pizza...and they even bought me a beer, which was quite awesome) on the old, unused tracks that ran along the canal before heading back. As mentioned previously, you'll stop by Old Port before heading up through the Latin Quarter and Plateau Mont-Royal back to the shop. It's a very informative tour that mixes in the sites of more modern Montreal with its older past. Frederic was very charming and knowledgeable about the sites, and didn't talk for too long - which can be a drawback of informative tours at times. The way the tour is designed, such that it does allow for an extended stretch of pure biking, was a nice way to make it feel more like you're just out for a bike ride and not stopping all the time.In all, this was a phenomenal experience. If you are looking for a tour that will give you a great overview of the main areas of Montreal, this is a must-do. The shopowners are incredibly friendly, and it's right by Mont-Royal as well - so it's centrally located. Even if you haven't biked for a long time (and this was my first time in nearly 10 years), you won't feel like you're in danger, mainly because Montreal drivers have a sense of courtesy that some (like those in my native New York City) lack.
3	I came here to have my bike checked-up and have some little repairs done. This being my first summer where I'll use my bike to get to work, I wanted to make sure it was fine and would not die on me... The staff was super friendly and helped me choose a helmet, a lock and went over the repairs that I would probably do. I left my bike with them and expected them to call five days later, the following Wednesday. Thursday, I called because they did not, even though they said they would. My bike was not ready yet and would be only Saturday. Saturday afternoon I come to the store and they tell me to come back on Sunday because they found something else. I did finally get my bike on Sunday and everything works fine. They did not end up doing all of what they expected because my bike gave them more trouble than they thought it would... I was a bit upset about that but went back home quite happy... until I realized they did not put the saddle back down for me after they tried it out... Overall, I really enjoyed the boutique and the staff is super friendly. However, I am not quite as impressed by their repair service. I have to say though that my bike is an old lady... Nonetheless, I will probably try another repair place next time.
5	So worth it! Lea our young educated guide from Quebec was a delightful teacher of the history of Montreal. A bike tour with views and laughs. Great pace and wonderful stops for bagels and coffee then lastly a picnic lunch in a beautiful park. Make a reservation.  The bike was top notch, obviously well maintained.  Montreal is a biker's paradise.  This tour will show you that fact.
5	On vacation in Montreal, I chose Fitz and Follwell's bicycle tour as my means of seeing the city. It was lead by a cheery and knowledge man named Martin, whose helped extended to after the tour when my party was planning our next excursion across the city. For four or so hours, our group cycled across the city, which, as an aside, is the perfect way to view Montreal. The tour package included a nice lunch, as well as an ice cream afterwards. We were given nice Linus bikes with bottles of water for our journey. Everyone at the shop was very friendly. As far as their shop goes, I wish I had a place this nice in the States. They have a nice selection of bikes, as well as functional and stylish accessories.I can't recommend Fitz and Follwell enough.
5	As a tried and true Montrealer, I can say without a doubt that this is the real deal. I didn't come to this conclusion quickly, either. Living nearby to the boutique, I passed by often and started going in to browse. Since then I've bought a helmet and my boyfriend has bought lots of other odds and ends for his bike. We're always greeted with a smile, and if they don't have whatever it is we're looking for, they either order it or point us in the right direction. I always wondered about the tours, and the perfect opportunity arose last year when we had an out of town guest visiting. We went on the (lower) Main walking tour and were really impressed. Although I am quite familiar with the Main, having family who worked on it when I was a kid and having  an interest in all things food and architecture related, I still learned a few tidbits of information.  And learned about a few places I didn't yet know about.This summer we had guests again, and this time we took the hoods and hidden gems bike tour. And it was great! It visited many of the locations I visit regularly and/or would take guests to. I learned a few things. And best of all I got to ride a wonderful bike in a big group. Cycling pretty much everyday, I'm comfortable sharing the road, but it was such a nice experience having peopling watch out at intersections, and have cars give us space. It was also nice to have our guests bike within the relative safety of a group, rather than be stressed out in a one on one situation. I can honestly say that this was a great tour!
5	What a great experience!  I was in Montreal for the week for work and was able to spend the weekend there before moving on to Quebec City.  First of all, I have to say how completely incredible Annie was to interact with.  I had originally signed up for a bike tour for Sat Oct 26th, but without anyone else signing up, the outing had to be cancelled.  Annie very promptly contacted me and gave me an option to rebook on a taste of Montreal walking tour and I was not disappointed!!I attended segment 2, so in the early afternoon met the group attending the tour at Fitz & Follwell.  In my group we had a couple from Toronto, a couple from Montreal, a couple from Boston, and me from Iowa :-) Fitz & Follwell has a lovely assortment of high-end bicycles and some great accessories and souvenirs as well.  It's a great store with amazing ambiance.  I had an opportunity to meet Annie and chat a bit before our tour began.  Again, I can't say enough how great and professional she is in helping me to enjoy my time in Montreal!Danny was our tour guide and he was equally amazing!  Lots and LOTS of energy, he was very knowledgeable and answered all of our questions about the areas we visited and tasted: Egg tarts in Little Portugal, Bagels in the Jewish Quartier, Sandwiches (Mustard Only!!) at Wilensky's, Coffee in Little Italy, Canoli in Little Italy, and cheese tasting in Jean-Talon market!  This tour was absolutely amazing, thanks to Danny!  It was easy to find the shop and easy to take the metro back to my hotel after the tour.  The people at this shop are wonderful and are very proud of their city.  They want you to have a great time and welcome you with open arms!  If you don't want to be in a group, you can also rent a bike and venture out on your own.  They have many different options, just ask and they are happy to share!  Overall, this was one of the best ways, in my opinion, to see and taste Montreal.  You could attend another segment that takes you in other quartiers as well, like China Town, etc.  Highly, highly recommend!!  I will definitely make this a stop again when I return to Montreal!
5	Very unique and a super friendly staff - NOT pretentious.  Excellent source of local info and they insist on total customer care.  Anyone from out of town looking for friendly faces - visit these guys and hang out.
5	On our visit to Montreal, my wife and I took the "'hoods and hidden gems" bike tour with Micheline.  It was fun, informative, and a great way to make sight-seeing an actual *active* activity.  It was also an expedient way to get to know the neighborhoods, particularly Outremont and Plateau Mont-Royal, that would eventually become our favorite, well, hoods.  Merci bien!
5	Awesome!
5	Bought a Linus bike and other things from here, had some work done as well. Amazing, friendly service.
5	Bonjour! I just wanted to drop a line of thanks to the staff at Fitz and Follwell. My wife and I got a 5+ hour bike tour with the excellent guide Martin Coutu and it was the highlight of our weekend trip to Montreal! Everything from the helpful emails from Emilie setting up the tour and answering my questions, to Bronwyn at the counter to greet us and sign in for the ride went so smooth and easy, I couldn't believe it. The entire staff was helpful and courteous in getting us set up to venture out on 2 wheels. We saw so many good things on the tour plus we got an insiders view thanks to Martin's excellent knowledge of his hometown. I would highly recommend this tour to anyone thinking about it and you can rest easy that the crew at Fitz and Follwell will take care of you like a friend. And don't forget to look around in the store, it's great shop with a vibe that makes you want to hang around after the tour. Merci!
5	If you know how to ride a bike...if you know how to walk...if you like to be around fun, cool people...   Go to this place.  Just go.  I'm a geek about bike shops and this one has a great vibe - it's definitely "upscale" and pointed toward townie rides - if you're a hard core racer, you might not score much here, EXCEPT that the owner - Shea - is a very fit, fast rider and will talk training rides for as long as you like.  I think this is ground zero for learning how/where to ride in Montreal.  I ran across this place when my wife, daughter and I were in town on a tourist gig and decided to do a tour through these guys.  Had a great 5 hour experience with Catherine and Fian - learned the ins/outs of Montreal via bike and had a blast.  Lots of other tours available and, as I write this, we're talking about which one to do next.
5	I'm in town visiting from the United States and decided to take the city highlights bicycle tour. Best decision I've made so far on my trip. The tour guides (Catherine & Fion) were both amazing. They brought a friendly, positive vibe and were extremely knowledgable about the area and were able to easily answer any questions our group had. We stopped in a beautiful market for lunch, had some great pizza topped off with the beer of my choice which was more than enough to help power through the second part of the tour. All in all it took roughly 5 hours but I didn't want it to end. Back at the shop afterwards the good vibes continued. All of the staff were friendly and attentive (and gorgeous) and the bike selection was hip and plentiful.I would recommend the tour to anyone, vacationers and locals alike. And if you're looking to rent/purchase a bike I really don't think the staff will do you wrong. They are passionate about what they do and it's obvious to see that within just a moment when talking to them.
5	i have no idea of how well their bike rental service is nor of the tour guides but i love their shop offering! if you have a bike and been following the interesting crafty accessories cycling scene, this is the place where you can buy some of it like the hand painted bells to the leather wine rack or lock holder to the awesome nutcase helmets to the wood fenders. anything you've read on the internet, you can probably find it here. i wasn't able to find wooden crates though but i'm sure they'll carry them eventually.it can be pricey but if you want to give your bike some charm, gotta have to pay a premium i guessstaff is bilingual but they are more fluent in english than french though. i have no problem with that but some might do
5	We signed up for their Montreal bike tour last week while we were in town and had a blast. Our tour guide Martin was delightful, the provided bikes were top-notch, and the tour itself was entertaining and informative. We will never forget what a great time we had!
4	Enjoyed a fantastic tour of Montreal on the highlights tour. The tour spends most of its time around old town, plateuh, mile end and then lunch at the Atwater marche. It's a beautiful ride with very few uphill parts until a big slope at the end prior to getting an ice cream. Lunch at the market was lovely pizza and some local beers. Our guide was very friendly but at times a little tough to follow when she was describing history. I don't feel like I really learned too much. That said the beauty of the trail, the small number of people in the tour and the quality of Montreal as a city really shined. I'd definitely recommend the tour to anyone.
5	Found this shop thanks to a Yelp Elite event that I attended last week (great tour, super fun!) I have been wanting a bike for a long time and after visiting this super friendly and fun store, I decided  that now was the time. I picked up my bike on Friday and am in love! It was a team effort getting me fit, picking the right bike and installing the basket so that my little French Bulldog can ride with me. Everyone here is helpful, knowledgeable and just all around easy to deal with. Fabulous accessories as well, hellooooo wine rack!
5	I wanted to give it 4.5 stars only because of the price. It is a tad bit pricey ($100 for a 5 hour tour) but the ride was worth it. We had Catherine as our tour guide and she was so awesome. She is super sweet and super fun. Her persona just gets you in the mood and you aren't shy to ask any type of question. Try to pick a tour where she is your guide.The tour itself was great. I just moved here a month ago and my bff came down to visit me. I wanted to do something special and active and this was perfect. We rode through downtown, through Old Town and then back up to the Plateau. I was a little wary of riding a bike through out the city, but after doing this tour, I realized how accommodating Montreal drivers are of bikers. Do this!
5	Good bikes and very interesting tours. Our guide Martin radiated positive energy and enthusiasm. We had a few people who weren't comfortable on bikes but they still managed to finish the tour without problem. Highly recommended!
