3	If I am driving southbound on Green Valley Parkway, or am in this shopping center, I will use this Albertson's as a giant convenience store. I do not regard this store as a competitive supermarket. The prices are steep. The interior is plain. Checking out is time consuming and aggrevating. On my last visit, there was one check out lane open and four self service lanes open. That is unacceptable! If you are going to charge high prices, at least have more than one human being operating a cash register.   I do rate the pharmacy highly. I have found the Pharmacists to be friendly and helpful, to the degree that I had considered transferring my prescriptions here.
2	I've shopped at Albertson's back home and I've always had good experiences with them. I guess it's because I came from San Francisco that I expect more from my grocery stores.  The prices are higher than those in San Francisco and the produce is terrible! All of them are already ripe which means I have to use them right away. The selection isn't great either. There is no one around when you need help and the security guard was following me around the whole store and was checking me out... I didn't go there to be leered at.  Could someone direct me to a better grocery store in the same neighborhood?
2	I used to really like Albertson's especially after my local Von's closed.  But, I see the same type of situation with Albertson's that I once saw at Vons.  Poor quality, off brand merchandise, older food and what looks like a move to import junk.  Yesterday I didn't see any of the familiar checkers and was met by a 12-year old "security guard" who looked like he was waiting for something to happen.  The guy at the check-out counter was unfriendly and officious.  The only person I knew was the bagger and she is always pleasant.  The pharmacy staff is  wonderful but for my grocery dollars, which is about $1000 per month, I will be moving on to Whole Foods.
2	Hadn't been to this location in about two years since I moved back to Summerlin. I have now moved back to Green Valley and this is the closest Albie's I have.I hate to be a snob, but when I first walked in I was like, OMG! I am not at my Summerlin Albie's anymore. The place just seems gloomy, dirty and vacant. Nothing about this location wows me at all. I have a friend that always tells me that all Albie's are less to be desired, but my Summerlin location (Hualapai & Flamingo) was so clean and inviting. I LOVED that location!Location shouldn't determined quality. I didn't want to move back here because of these types of things, but no matter the location, you should take pride in your surroundings. This place doesn't. Don't know if I'll ever shop here again. I take that back. I'd probably shop here again, but I will not go out of my way to do so.On a brighter note, during my last visit, my cashier was extremely friendly!
2	Everything at Albertsons seems somewhat expensive to me. They do have an excellent bakery though.
5	The bakery department is the best! My daughter wanted rainbow cupcakes to share with her classmates for her 5th birthday. Caroline assisted me in making the cutest cupcakes ever. My daughter was so proud to show them off when we dropped her at school. I've ordered cakes from Albertson's in the past, but the personal service I received on this particular trip made made it clear I need not look any further for my bakery needs. Thanks Albertson's! And thank you, Caroline!
1	Maybe it's just the neighborhood and how it's gone down over the years, but getting to the pharmacy and dealing with them was a joke. They weren't closed yet and the pharmacist wanted to tell me how long it would take rather than starting the process, even if it meant picking up my prescription first thing in the morning. I felt myself trying to convince her why I should fill my prescription here rather than somewhere else! She even tried to tell me I should go somewhere else?!? Unbelievable. Horrible service and see why this store almost has nobody in it.
4	I was a little harsh on my last review, but it was warranted. I shop here a lot and it has grown on me. It's not my Summerlin location on Flamingo and Hualapai, not even close, but it still is nice. I don't know if it has grown on me or they have made changes, but I love shopping here now. When I do my monthly grocery shopping, Albie's is never on my list. This is my after work or workout stop for 2-5 items. It is nice in here. They got rid of the self checkout and had starting doing better on the lack of handheld baskets for a while, but now it's back to the way it was. Walk in the door, no handheld baskets. Ridiculous. Overall, I like this Albie's and will continue to make this my stop for a few odds and ends. It will never be my primary or secondary stop for loading up on groceries however.
1	closed for business.
