5	Most competitive price in town along with excellent customer service! What more can you ask for? I called around and finally found this place with the best prices. Al and Asat were extremely professional and helpful. They went out of their way to help me find the right shades for my home. Thanks guys!
5	This is the best window treatment company in Las Vegas!  They installed custom motorized blinds in my home and they look amazing.  The estimate was much lower than any other company in town.  They were ahead of schedule with the install and the quality is great.  Al was very professional and a pleasure to work with from start to finish.  I would highly recommend Blind Wholesaler to anyone who needs window coverings for their home or business!
1	Hmm, I guess I was too small potatoes for them.Shaun came out to measure 4 windows and 1 slider.I was interested in cellular shades/panel blinds/and 1 motorized treatment.He said because of the (4th of July) weekend coming up that he would have to get back to me with pricing. Never heard from them again  :)Home Depot's window service got the business instead ......
1	We have 13 large windows for shades, and Shaun came to our house to make measurements. He was knowledgeable and friendly, giving good suggestions. I had three companies came and decided on them because I thought they know what they were doing with good competitive quotes. Shaun even dropped off the sample book a second time for us to choose the colors. Unfortunately, the good part ended there. When the blinds arrived, 5 of them had the wrong cell size, and all of them had loose cords instead of the cordless we had ordered. (We have 2 small kids and therefore ordered the cordless type.) The installation guy called Shaun right away when I discovered the mistakes and Shaun agreed that there was a mistake and said he would call back later that day and did not. I had to call and email him the following week. And it's now been a month after the installation date and 3 months after the estimates, and we are still "waiting for an answer" from Norman blinds and the owner of Blind Wholesaler. We may have to go through legal actions if they continue to stall. Highly disappointed and could not recommend this service.
4	Sean left the job, and the owner Al called us to make things right.  Apparently Sean made a lot of mistakes and damage to the business. Al came in personally and took measurements. When the blinds came the second time, though, they were the wrong kind again! The blinds ordered required drilling holes in our marble window sills which was not an option. Al reordered everything again. I am sure by this point he lost big money on our house but he didn't whine or leave any unfinished business. The correct blinds came 2 weeks ago and installed perfectly. He even gave us a discount for salesman mistakes. We are happy with the final results, even though it took us 4 months to get everything done.
5	Al w/Blind Wholesaler was very knowledgeable and helpful. I would recommend Blind Wholesaler for all window treatment needs!
