5	Really amazing Indian food truck.. Been here for many years and used to be called Kashmiri.. When I came back to visit Pittsburgh, this was my first stop. Spice level 10 is desi-spicy!
4	Let's get this straight. The food is quite good here, not the best I've had, but quite good. Lamb Vindaloo was what I ordered. The gentleman is also very nice. I would come back BUT I have the curse of white-man stomach. Maybe you should order it less spicy than I did. But I never seem to learn. (Probably means I'll stop by next week - see you there - damn you, intestines!)
3	So, I just wrote a review on the Thai food truck that sits right beside this one on Bigelow. The Indian truck is actually quite popular and people I know absolutely love the food. I think that as food truck quality goes, the food is good. While it's great that the owner (who is very nice) cooks the food in front of you, it does tend to take a while to get your food - and this is particularly rough when the weather is not so good! Since my first few visits, I've actually have their number programed into my phone so I can call ahead - which I highly recommend. In regards to the food, I typically get curried veggies and rice. The curry is great, veggies are just ok. They ask how spicy you want your dish from 1 to 10, and their spiciness tends to be a little higher than typical - so adjust your desired level of spiciness accordingly. And the dishes are cheap too, I believe a small dish is $4.50, medium $5.00, and large $5.50 (paired with a soda if you want for $.50).Overall, good food that takes a bit more time than next door, but worth the wait.
3	I had the Lamb Vindaloo spiced at a level of 7.5 on a scale of 1-10. I was warned that 10 was very spicy and that most Americans could not handle it. In retrospect, I felt the dish was not spicy enough for me  and that a 10 may have been underwhelming as well. The flavor of the dish was okay. It was balanced, and I couldn't pick up on any of the other spices. The lamb itself was a little tough. I would have liked for it to have been softer and for it to have fallen apart easier. There also wasn't enough sauce to cover all of the rice, so I had a few bland bites of basmati.As a final note, I think the portion size and quality are fair for the price.
4	Love, love, love this little Indian truck near Soldier and Sailors.  Yes, it looks somewhat suspect, but the Allegheny County Health Department blessed it with a green sticker of approval, so you're good to go!You can get a decent sized curry dish and rice (or two pieces of naan, if you ask) for $4.50!  Seriously can't beat that with a stick.  I love the daal, which changes daily, and the chana saag.  This truck is VERY veggie friendly. I usually come here once per week, more than that if they weather's nice.  Definitely give it a try if you're in the area!
2	So this is the first Indian place where my palak paneer was orange and not green and my roti was a wheat tortilla cooked on a stone. But it is a big portion for 5.50.
