4	This big lots has their furniture section completely sectioned off, which I love. They have some pretty good deals almost always and on top of it they have layaway at this location.I have purchased a kid's chair from this place for $60 and for those that don't know I have a really rambociuos two year old. He's definitely a boy, boy if you know what I mean and he has put this chair to its limits. Yet, you would never tell. Good Solid Quality.And their employees here are always up to par, always willing to help and assist. The remainder of the store has an easy layout and great deals worth searching for.
1	This place is so anti-customer, that I will never return. I was excited to be able to use my free coupons for clam chowder and grab a few other items. I then proceeded to wait in line for nearly 10 minutes while 1 single checker work slowly. Since this took so long, I figured I would take care of another errand and get some cash over the amount. Not only did they refuse to take the coupons but they would not allow me to get cash back, either. Whatever their policies may be, the cashier was so rude about it that I ended up making no purchase at all.Rude people, wasted trip, mediocre prices. Second visit, lost customer for life.
1	I found a good deal on food items, but apparently they were priced wrong.  They decided to blame me for it.  The cashier took it upon herself to just charge me more, even though the price in the system matched the price on the item.  I asked for the manager.  He called me an idiot and said I'm the reason the store is being closed down.  Uhm, NO!  You, Mr. Poor Excuse for a Manager, are the reason the store is being closed down.  And if you don't accept responsibility for that, you'll never succeed in management.  This location has always been more trouble than it's worth.
4	Incredible selection of furniture..nice furniture. I only needed a table for my tv and could not decide. Lots of couches, recliners, and kitchen dinette sets. I haven't been to the other ones in town, but this one is great.
