4	We walked the tents on Tuesday at West World before the big crowds arrived.  As per usual lots of "vehicles" but had to search the "ordinary" for the "extraordinary".  Checkout my photos for two sleeper nominations.  They won't pass current safety regulations for street use but they are cool to look at.   It seems to me today's designers could learn from the past...
3	Among the 5 or 6 big car auctions that take place every January, this is the one with the most desirable cars, but save yourself the $55 and watch it on the Speed Channel. You'll get a better view and commentary of the auction on TV, as the bidder's area has become so huge that you can't get within 100 ft of the block.If you must go, play hookie from work and go there early in the week. You'll avoid the crowds, you'll see more cars, the admission will be lower, and every Snottsdale d-bag is there on Friday night and Saturday. It actually is one of the best car shows you could ever see, with lots of vehicles from all eras to fit every taste.Also, if you are in fact interested in bidding on the cars, check out some of the other auctions first (Kruse, Russo & Steele, Silver, etc.). BJ has like 5000 bidders competing for 1200 cars and you're probably going to overpay for any lot that you win.
5	I will vouch that this truly is one of the "worlds greatest collector car auctions." The variety of vehicles that this auction carries is just mind blowing. I had the opportunity to attend the Opening Night Gala, that provides hosted cocktails and culinary treats from an array of restaurants. I can't really describe the vehicles other than they were absolutely gorgeous. If you have the opportunity to attend the Gala (which is invitation only) you will be able to view all the vehicles before they go to auction. Aside from all the entertainment, drinks, treats and amazing cars...I'll say  my one complaint would be the parking for the event this year, which was a tad inconvenient. They drastically separated the Valet lot from the public lot, which in turned made for a LONG walk from the public lot in heels, when there was plenty of open area they could have had for public near the valet. Especially with the weather being drizzly/sprinkling- it just made for a non pleasant hike to the "Garage" for the event.
4	This is about my 4th or 5th year attending Barrett Jackson Scottsdale and probably my last.The cars a amazing to see!  There is no way to describe in words how many amazing cars there are...rows and rows, tents and tents full of rare, and beautiful cars.  That is why I go, it is my annual car show and I love that part.
5	If you ever get the chance to go to the opening night gala, take advantage!  Free drinks, great food from some of the best restaurants, and some of the best cars you'll ever see.  Scottsdale at its best!
4	So Barrett Jacksons itself  is Awesome....But i am not a fan of how much food is there. Its like going to a theme park or amusement park Ridiculous! Its almost always always ALWAYS expected that the prices are going to be insane. So a word of advice....EAT OUT then go to barrett jacksons after 5 so you only have to pay 10 to get in!A bunch of nifty things to check out as well besides just the cars. This is one place i do not pay attention to the people working unless its THAT BAD. But it was your average get you in and out service. One day i will have to go back with cash on hand so i can try the food which to me didn't look appetizing enough for 9.50+
5	great time
4	What a great event.  A great place to look at cars and people.  Try to get into the opening night gala for a real treat.
5	It's a new year. And in Scottsdale Arizona that can only mean one thing.Old, fat, white guys from all over the country will soon be making their annual pilgrimage here for what can only be hailed as the ultimate testosterone-fueled event of the season; The Barrett Jackson Classic Car Auction.You've heard the term 'fat-cats' before?Well now's your chance to see what one looks like up close and in person as they dazzle with their unique brand of  elitist douchebaggery.What do these 'fat-cats' look like you ask?You'll know them when you see them, they're easy to spot. Typically, they're fat, old and white, (pasty white to be more specific), wearing Hawaiian print shirts, Chevrolet ball caps, and usually with a dizzy blonde in tow...one who's tripping balls on vodka, red bull and Xanax.And yes, they'll be the ones engaging anyone who threatens to even mildly imply they might have a little more scratch than they do by outbidding them, squashing their childhood dreams of owning that IROC Z-28 Camaro by not just a few thousand dollars, but more like a few million. Folks, this is classic American debauchery at its finest as this cunning breed of socialite uses a classic-car auction to prove to the Barbie-esque dumb-fuck on his elbow how he's actually six feet tall, hung like a pack mule, and sporting a third nut. Seriously, it's a fun event if you don't get outbid for that '64 Impala by some big fat drunk fucker whose girlfriend is egging him on. Almost like a fermented Dallas Cowboy's cheerleader, circa 1980.I hate my life.I can't even own a fucking '64 Impala. I wish I was Rambo.
1	I cosigned my car with these guys and they failed me miserably. Not only did they sell my car for about half of what it was worth but their customer service was horrid. These guys do not care about anything except making their outrageous fees and commissions. They will say anything to get you to cosign without a reserve but don't do it! Once you sign you can kiss your ass and your car good bye. Any of the other auction houses will treat you much better and let you protect yourself with a reasonable reserve.
1	It is not what it's hyped up to be. It's a high class State Fair with lots of low class vendors selling sunglasses and bric-a-brac in between the airplanes and tire companies. The biggest vendor selling labeled t-shirts, hats, shot glasses and other assorted garbage was Barrett-Jackson themselves selling with their goo on the crap. Of the 1200 or so cars only maybe a hundred or so are notable and they are the ones that gets floated during prime time on Speed.The only thing they didn't have was cotton candy and a Ferris wheel.I was very disappointed as a long time attendant at Monterey CA auctions during car week in August. You want a real quality auction event go to Gooding, Russo & Steel, Bonhams.
5	Absolutely love Barrett Jackson - gets better every year. Great cars & awesome food vendors.
5	What a good time!  SO many awesome collector cars to see.  The auction is entertaining too.  Hotties serving drinks.  It's a rager for car enthusiasts.  I still have a boner.  A must see!
5	Imagine a dozen of large tents full of hundreds of antique, classic, and modern cars.  Now imagine all of those cars getting sold in a nonstop auction for 6 days.  This is a car enthusiast's dream.  Staged at Westworld in North Scottsdale you'll see everything from classic muscle cars to one-off collector cars.  This year was my 2nd year at the Scottsdale auction, which is their grand daddy.  I've been to the Vegas auction, but it doesn't compare to this.  There's so many cars that it will take you 2 to 3 days to see them all.Bidder's paddles are $500 and you have to pay 10% on top of the final hammer price.  If you find a car or cars you want, it's worth it.  It's also fun to just sit back and watch the action.  The best days to go are Thu/Fri/Sat.  Sat can be nuts, so plan accordingly.Tip - Driving to/from can be challenging because of the sheer volume of people.  Parking is also a challenge.  So, for convenience sake consider paying $20 for valet ($30 on Sat) and you'll be at the front door.  Or, find a hotel shuttle and take it to the event.Return Factor - 100%
5	Was out in Arizona visiting my brother and we saw that the Barrett Jackson Auction was going on that weekend we were there.  We were able to get tickets and couldn't wait to go...When we first walked in, I was amazed at how big the entire event was.  There was so much stuff to look at, we didn't have time to absorb it all in on one day. There were so many gorgeous cars that you were able to look at and each one had a little bit of info about itself. I would say about 90% of the cars were gorgeous and I would have been happy to take anyone of them home. They had test drives for various car makes and they were free.  Once you tested them out, the Bonderant Racing team was out there in their Bonderant Corvette, and you got to go on a lap with them.  Man... that was almost worth the entire experience itself.  Amazing how fast and how much force you can feel when getting whipped around a hairpin turn and fishtailing through it. Everyone was super friendly here and made it an overall great experience.Sitting in at the auction was pretty crazy when you had a person bidding near you.  They are so intense and I enjoyed every minute of it there. It is amazing how people can just bid and bid without a worry in their head about what they are spending.  Must be nice... HahaThe one negative is the food is quite pricy, but it is expected at any kind of big event such as this. They did have a lot of tasty food tents to pick from, so that was nice as well. Overall, I would recommend everyone to check it out one year if you are able to.  It is quite the experience and thrill to see so much mechanical beauty in one area.
1	Customer Service is lacking.  Paid the $500 fee to be a bidder, and came down with a nasty cold/fever the day before my flight.  Contacted BJ and asked if we could exchange my bidder pass for a guest pass (non-bidder) for one of my mechanics and was told to pound sand.I'll spend my money in Monterey.
1	Used to go every year but skipped the last 4 years and went back for the 2014 show/auction.  This was fun in the past but it is just impossibly huge and expensive now.  You have to park , wait for bus, wait in line at entry, walk about 3 miles to the main auction arena, push through crowds of people with huge bags of purchases, avoid golf carts, strollers and wheelchairs, then can't get near the cars or auction platform.  Take a break and some fries and snacks cost $20, a small glass of wine, $10 a cup of coffee $4.Then walk, walk, walk, walk, noise, bands, drunks, kids, shoving, shouting, loud machines and games.This is so NOT a car event, just a huge circus of shopping and high priced everything.Go to free car show at Indian Bend any Saturday.  That is well worth the time.
5	I'm a novice to the car world, and....Barrett-Jackson is a wonderland of beautiful cars, and a nostalgic walk down a mile of American history. From the Great Gatsby style Duesenberg's to the 60's era Impalas to the Batmobile,you'll be impressed and thrilled with the experience!Some great options for cheap & quick eats and fun vendors to shop while you walk.Be sure to spend some time in the auction hall, it's a sight to behold!You can even hire a pedi cab for a ride from the parking lot!
