3	Went to Chrome to watch UFC117. Paid $20 to get in, and got a "free" tub of stale popcorn. Beers were $7, Amp $4 & Soda $3... a little high-priced, but as expected. The set up was interesting, 1 BIG screen TV on either side of the stage, and a retractable screen covering the front of the stage with the event projected onto it. Unfortunately, the only seats with straight-on views towards any of these TV's were the "VIP" reserved booths and tables along the center. For everyone else (ourselves included) there was abundant theatre seating and small tables and chairs, from which you could see the screens slightly off-center.UFC 117 consisted of some GREATLY entertaining fights (especially Skyscraper's 2nd round come-back KO)... then tragedy: The people running Chrome decided to give us a "taste" of the band performing after the fights "Rock Sugar"... now, nothing against this band (and the lead singer actually had quite an amazing voice), but this was neither the time nor the place for this preview. The Main Event was about to begin, and as silly as watching the guys get checked by the doctor, and listening Joe Rogan's rants might be... that's what I paid to see, not the Pop/Metal band's cover of Metallica's Enter Sandman "mashed" with Journey's "Don't Stop Believein'"... Thankfully, management realized their error (as the crowd nearly went mutinous), and offered everyone a free beer after the fights as an apology.I probably wont pay to see a PPV event here again, as the 4 of us spent well over $100, and could've done that at home with plenty of drinks to spare. :)
2	U F C in the Chrome Room!  Holla!  Ummmyeah.  I've been to so many UFC events shown by the Stations Casino peeps and I must say each time I attend I get more and more disappointed. $10 cover to get in which doesnt guarantee you a spot so you better be early.  There were actually people standing up in the back-no seats left.First off, I think this was the first event that I've been with no drink specials.  Whaaat??!  For years there used to be giveaways in between fights as well as drink specials.  It made for a fun time while you watched the fights but... No not anymore.  My BF ordered a double Jager shot.  It honestly looked like a 1/2 shot with ice in it....best thing was TWENTY DOLLARS!  Really?  Come on now.  Buckets of beer 5 for $25 seems a little much too.  I swear I've paid $15 or $20 other times.  They do sell munchies like hot dogs and nachos.  I'm not sure how much that was but the BF got the nachos - stale chips and out of jalepenos. SMH.Way to take care of the locals right?  It still brings in the people though.  The place was full.  Like I said peeps standing in the back.  They do have tables for people who want to pay to use them.  Another way to get more money out of us.  I'm definitely starting to think paying $50 for pay per view at home is a better option.  That way I know the shots will be coming from a $20 BOTTLE of Jager versus a $20 double shot with ice. ;)  $20 to get in, $20 for a double shot, $25 bucket of beer and $5 nachos.....hm you do the math.*must add one more thing - Free to watch at BWW with no crazy drink prices and good grub.  Just sayin.
3	Went to see comedian/impressionist Dave Burleigh. The tickets were moderately priced at $15.00 and refererred to as a cover charge, not tickets. Margaritas were nine dollars a piece, much more than previously experienced at the same venue. The show was good and I found myself often laughing outloud. However, it seemed at times like the background music, from a live band, was a little over powering and made it hard to hear Dave Burleigh. Not my best experience at the Chrome Showroom, but I'll be back. Generally a good local place to see a show with plenty of seating.
4	The Chrome Showroom is a beautiful, state-of-the arts set up.  They have an awesome stage and sound system, and comfortable seating.I was there as a contestant in the Karaoke World Championship Western Regionals, and that's the nicest stage I've ever sung on!  The casino didn't do much to promote the event, so they weren't very crowded.  To get drinks you had to go to the bar, no service, other than that.  Maybe if they'd have been crowded they would have staffed it better.Drinks were OK, but $7 for a well drink, in a plastic cup, seems a bit steep.  So for the showroom itself, I would have given 5 stars, but for service 3, so over all experience averages out to 4 stars.
