2	Big mixup on location of pick up. I'm from out of town and they couldn't find the location after I gave them address. Finally came. Dispatcher seemed concerned and worked with me over the phone until we found each other
3	This place is actually more reliable than I would have thought. Usually when I am traveling back to the Jerz, I call this place to take me to the airport. Once you call, it's usually 10 minutes before they show up. Because I live in an apartment complex, it could get a little difficult finding me, but everyone so far has figured it out.Big complaint on my end, which I'm sure goes for every cab company: the driver's aren't very good drivers. I have found myself getting car sick on that 10 minute ride. Also, it seems like alot of the guys love to lock all the windows and can't figure out how to unlock them. Last complaint, one of the driver's was listening to 'Black Panther' radio when I got into the car. That was a little bizarre, but to say the least, he was the best driver I've had.LBD still uses yellowcab.
1	I made a reservation 4 hours in advance and these guys left my group waiting for over an hour past departure time. No calls to say they were late or to apologize. I called dispatch to reconfirm reservation and was told they simply didn't have any cabs. I was left scrambling at the last minute to get my group to their location...an unnecessary frustration and unprofessional experience for me. I suggest another cab company.
2	My employer abandoned me at JC Smith University this morning (1/26/13) after telling me they would give me a ride home after I was unable to drive into work last night due to the inclement weather. I was faced with a 20 mile walk through some rough neighborhoods and was so angry I could spit nails. My wife suggested that I call a cab. I Googled taxis Charlotte and one of the first companies to appear was Yellow Cab.I had a very short wait till the cab appeared. The driver was friendly and polite. The car was clean and comfortable. But beware... the rate is $2.50/mile, .50/1/5 mile and it adds up fast. I got home in about 40 minutes. Overall it was a good experience except for the high fare.As others have remarked about their drivers, my driver tried to get me to pay in cash when I was set on paying with a credit card. He then proposed that I could gas up the cab. ( It was at a 1/4 tank.) The fare with a tip would've been close to $60.00. Filling up the cab came to $42.80 & no tip. I have to wonder what the cab company thinks about all these fares that disappear.Will I use them again? Only if I'm desperate.
1	Service is completely inept.  Called for a cab and was given a 15-minute window.  One hour (and three Yellow Cabs) later, I still had no transportation.  When I called to inquire about the delay, the dispatcher was extremely rude. Eventually I wound up taking a livery car at a 80% markup just to get home.
5	Finally a cab company that uses technology!  I made reservations for a 5 AM pickup via their web site, the night before.  Within a couple hours I received a phone call to confirm. Then just before pickup I got a text message that the driver was en route. And another one when he arrived (a few minutes early, yay!).  An efficient and enjoyable system.
1	If I could rate them 0 stars I would. Called to schedule my cab an hour early because I was taking the bus to the pickup location. I got to the pickup location 10 minutes early and and waited. 15 minutes after the scheduled pickup time I still have no cab. I called and they said that there were no cabs available and they would let the dispatcher know that I've been waiting. An hour passes and I still have no cab. Called again and they said still no cabs available. TWO HOURS after my pickup time I still have no cab and was told they still didnt have a driver available. I called Diamond cab and they had a cab to me within 5 minutes. Avoid these guys at all costs. Thanks Diamond cab.
1	Mixed feelings about this company. The dispatch staff was polite and concise and the driver was a great guy. However their biggest fail was the actual service.After my initial call I was told a driver was on his way (via dispatch and SMS). Ten minutes later I receive a call from the driver asking where the street was located (don't they have GPS units?).After giving directions I waited... 30 minutes later no driver. Called dispatch again and they said they'd contact the driver. Waited another 15 minutes and at this point I was getting annoyed. I could have easily been at my destination by now if I had taken the bus! So much for speedy service.I called dispatch yet again and they said they'd send another driver; after about ten minutes he arrived in a van. However I'm not sure who this van was designed for but it wasn't for adults. I'm 6' tall and my head was hitting the ceiling when I was sitting in the middle row. The seat's headrest must have been designed for kids because at it's highest point it was so low that it was pushing under my shoulder blades.Well over an hour after my initial call I finally arrived at my destination (which is normally only a 10 minute drive). Nearly a full-half hour slower than riding the "slow bus".Overall nice staff but absolutely horrible service.
1	If I could go lower than one star I would. We made a reservation to pick us up at our home to take us to the airport. We saw them drive by at the specified time, then when we called they said someone else got our cab! We ended up waiting 20 more minutes for another cab and by that time we almost missed our flight! Horrible service! And the cab driver didn't even know how to get to the airport!
1	Waited an hour and a half to get a cab that never came all the while dispatcher telling me that the Cab was right around the corner, five differant times.  These cab companies wonder why companies like lyft are putting them out of business, its because of reasons like this. Completely unreliable and I will never use them again. And I'll tell everyone I know not to use them.
1	I feel ripped off by my driver this evening. I live in fort mill and I've taken several cab rides to bus stops in fort mill. Today, for the first time ever, the driver magically came up with a 15 dollar surcharge because it was outside of meck county. I've never experienced this in my numerous other rides with yellow cab. I feel totally ripped off and doubt I'll ever use yellow cab again. The whole thing seemed incredibly shady. I believe I was taken advantage of because it was a snowy day out and I needed a ride home.
1	They screw customers! Operate without permits and lie! Driver charged me $21.50 to go 1/4 of a mile. Told me there was a $15 sur-charge for a short run. The run was $6.50 then he charged my another $15 because the run was to short. I called the police and they charged him with operating without permits and wrote him tickets!!! Dispatch refused to do anything. I told them on the phone I was only going 1/4. They said nothing about a $15 sur-charge. I would have and should have walked!!! It's time we Report them and get them booted out of Charlotte! That $15 cost him an hour of his time, loss of runs and hundreds in fines! GOOD!
1	I had a yellow cab driver almost run me over at the airport this morning. Not only do 1/2 scam you, they are also some of the rudest cabbies in town. It's no wonder companies like Uber are taking over their business.
1	Called for a cab and the driver that called was at the wrong location. Called back, told someone was on the way, 30 minutes and nothing. Complete waste of time and would never call back.
1	For a single incident, I would just swallow it.  After these few incidents, I will not use any cab in Charlotte especially from the airport.A month ago, I called a cab to the airport early in the morning.  I made it very clear that I need the cab at my house at 6 am as I have a flt to fly out.  I asked if that was posssible, the operator said yes.  It was around midnight when I called.At 6 am, I looked over the window, there was no cab.  6:05 no cab.  I got nervous as I was catching a flt to go to work.  I called yellow cab again, then she said there was no cab available.  I screamed as I would miss my flight to work.  She said she was trying but she had never notified me earlier.  I couldn't wait as the clock ticks. I had no other choice but to wake up my neighbor to give me a ride.  Thank God, with the kindness of my neighbor and my professionalism, I ran and ran and ran inside the airport and finally got to the gate be the last one before they closed the door.3 weeks ago, I came home at the airport to take a cab since my house was within 3-4 miles.  It was my first time using a cab.  I didn't know how much here but I had in San Francisco for less than $15 (with airline discount, they charge $12).  So I thought I better to use a cab instead of calling friends around.  I need to go to my house to get my car key then to the hotel right by the airport to get my car.  I explained very clearly to the cab driver who said nothing about the charge.  He didn't turn on the meter as I thought charge shown on meter.  As I got to my house, he said he would charge me double.  I asked how much and why double and what was supposed to be?  He started to yell at me.  Finally, I was charged $28 for a 6 miles ride.  I didn't know if that was acceptable.  I said  to myself I learned, if he overcharged me, I treated that as donation and God blesses.  I was too busy.Last night, I took a cab again from CLT airport just to go home that was really 4 miles.  The driver was acting like a wild animal, very unfriendly, talking everything I had no idea what he was talking.  He kept saying I had no idea how long people were waiting.  I asked what people?  Other passengers?  They were behind me and shouldn't be longer than me.  Or the drivers?  I even asked him to take me back to the airport if he didn't want to have the business.  He was driving crazy and I hoped there was a police car closed by.  Unfortunately when we want to see a cop, they were not there but when we didn't want to see them, there was always one.Finally, I was safe home.  I still could not understand what was going wrong with these cab drivers.  If someone can help to explain to me.BTW, if these cab drivers hate their work, find another one.  I was still figuring out what was their problem.  Perhaps, a few miles were too short the trip?  They were looking for someone who needs to go 100 miles or to another city?  For long ride, people will rent a car for $20-$30 a day and gas.  People need a cab if that is more economic than renting a car for a day.  Anyway, at least I understand why they are still driving an angry cab cos they don't know how to do maths.
