5	I love this place! So close to home. Great food drink and people:)
4	After going to Side Bar we ate The Living Room. The food really good along with a cool urban downtown atmosphere.
3	I'm a fan of Humble Pie. Wasn't as impressed with 5th & Wine. And so it is with The Living Room, which is a hybrid of the 2 menus. 3 stars for having one of my favorite salads in the Valley: the Veggie (Avocado, white beans, green beans, grape tomatoes, jicama, mozzarella, herb vinaigrette) and the butternut squash soup was worth every slurp. The bruschetta is not my favorite. Though, I love (all caps LOVE, actually) the chicken salad and they do offer it as a sandwich (which I just noticed and ) which is something I had dreamed about. I'll happily up my rating to 4 stars when they get the annoying light problem fixed. They flicker incessantly. This takes away from any pleasing element of the environment for me. It's a distraction. Wondering where the flicker is coming from. Is it a result of headlights from passing cars? No. Is my vision failing? No. Is someone messing with the lights? Not exactly. Is it an electrical problem? Is it safe to be here? Please fix the lights so I can enjoy my chicken salad sandwich in peace.
5	I kind of fell in love with The Living Room last night.  First, let's start with the atmosphere.  The decor is warm, cozy, and resplendent.  I literally feel like I am in someone's house (and by someone, I mean someone richer than me or my friends), but with waiter service.  Our server, Ryan, was attentive, friendly and eager to make our visit great.  I sampled two dishes: the fries and the artichoke dip.  Both were fantastic and if they can do the standard fare well, I am excited to try some of their sliders, salads or bruschetta.  My wine was the cheap cab and for the cheap cab it was pretty nice.They have all wine glasses for $6 before 6pm, which is something I will be checking out soon.Central Phoenix, please patron this place, so that it remains on the landscape...but don't get too crazy, I'd like a permanent seat in this Living Room.
3	My first visit left me unimpressed.   The size of the food platters are generous, but the food wasn't that good.   We ordered a rueben and a patty melt -- both were extremely messy.   Our service, while prompt, was not  very friendly and the experience didn't leave me feeling like I was in anyone's "living room" (this seems to be contrary to some of the reviews I read, so maybe it was an off-afternoon).  I would go back and try again, but as it stands after this experience, iIf you want an to experience  a new "urban" eatery, I much prefer Bliss (at 4th and Roosevelt).
4	There is a time when a nice couch and good lighting works wonders on the end-of-night brain. Such was the case with our evening jaunt to The Living Room.I'd barely heard about the place previously, but am planning to return, try more food, look over their menu more thoroughly. When I do I'll report back, but my advice is go and see for yourself.You might be in just the mood I was. A friend and I shared cheese fondue ($7.95) and we each had a Cherry Manhattan...made with Beam Cherry Bourbon. The two other friends split a huge cheeseburger with fries and some chicken wings, but I have to say I hadn't seen fondue in like a zillion years and it was fun and nice and great to split with a vegetarian. :-)Now the mahattans were uber sweet, a dessert drink really, but different. I'd look more closely next time. You ever just JUMPED a menu? Just pick a drink and a food that leaps out? That's what happened and that's why I want to further explore.Why go back? SERVICE! Professional, friendly and really charming service. Chelsea and Jeremy were our servers and it's true, you feel comfortable in this place. What's not to like about a modern leather sofa and servers who, seeing you are  dipping fries into the fondue and bring over a whole plate of their seasoned fries gratis?Nice people, nice place, deserving of more research!And though they don't have outdoor seating today, it's coming, so I'll list it.
4	Great place in Central Phoenix - friendly service, relaxing environment, great music, good food and drinks!
5	I went to The Living Room as a result of a Groupon. They had recently opened, and the reviews for the Chandler location were excellent, so I was intrigued. Plus, it's a wine bar, and my boyfriend loves wine :-)The menu is a lot more extensive than the one on-line.I had half of steak sandwich and the butternut squash soup: both delicious! I paired them with a glass of Grenache. I'm still a newbie when it comes to the art of wine, so I can't accurately rate it, but I thought it went well with my dinner.The atmosphere is relaxed, they have a bar, tables and couches. The waiter was attentive and presented us with tastings of the wines we were interested in. He also made recommendations.For the price, I thought everything was excellent. I look forward to going back.
5	Laid back but nice enough to entertain out of town guests with discerning palettes. The bruschetta was amazing along with the butter nut squash soup. Very proficient wine selection and spot on beer selection. The staff is very attentive. I will definitely be frequenting this place.
4	I went here for the first time a few weeks ago and I really enjoyed myself, as did my friend.  The wait staff is friendly, attentive and made us feel welcome.  We got the cheese board and had our waiter to choose for us, with a request for goat cheese from us.  Then we tried the veggie salad and ended with the antipasto board.  I know we gorged!  But everything was delicious and attractively presented.  We were also able to get a few glasses of wine during their happy hour, which is a good deal.They have a nice selection of wines by the glass and some nice bottles.  I would say that their bottle prices are a bit high, but honestly where are they not when you go to a wine bar, hell anywhere these days?  That's why taking advantage of their happy hour is a good deal!We ended up getting there early on a Friday, around 4:30pm and stayed until 7ish and had an excellent time.  By 6pm there were a ton of people, so if you want a seat I would suggest getting there early if you can.  This is a small place with limited seating but it's the small and cozy charm of The Living Room that won me over.  I will definitely be coming back!
4	Great service and waitpeople. Love menu. New favorite place before theater and symphony. Procedure right for lots of fun food.  Loved Ahi salad and cheese board.  Nice wines by the glass.
4	I hate burgers.  I eat ground bison at home, and need something close to a michelin star to order one out.  Must've been the really limpid house red that relaxed me, but I ordered a burger here - and enjoyed it.  Fries too!  So, bar food can be really good at a neighborhood place.Strangely, there are a few places with this name scattered around the Valley.  I wonder ... ?  I had no idea what to expect from this location, and was further confused by an invitation to attend a "strategy session" there last night - I thought maybe some sort of laid back coffee house?  But at the old Trente Cinq?Well, a standard, albeit well done, neighborhood watering hole in front, DJ, sport game on the TV, that sort of thing.Very comfortable living room in back - a lovely way to have a chat, drink and burger.  That is, if the DJ can be convinced to turn the back room music down.  Which is what our velvet-gloved tigress of a meeting arranger accomplished, sort of.  Eventually.  The likes of Applebees nailed these details a long time ago.  It isn't inventing a new tubular rolling thing any more.  Even 20 somethings sometimes want a softer ambiance. Why 4 stars, given the above quibbles?  Good ambiance, good wine, good burger [this coming from me] and really great, friendly service; even a DJ who eventually listens to a group of 20 customers out back.  If I lived in this neighborhood it'd be one of my staples.  Who knows?  I might move to it.
3	Not bad at all. The laid-back semi-hip atmosphere actually works and happy hour deals are good. They also have Franziskaner on tap, which means it's an instant favorite of mine.
3	I have learned one very important rule and it is that I'm only allowed to order bruschetta at Postino. Period. End of story. That said, the butternut squash soup was delicious as was my one bite of the Steak sandwich, which I might just order myself next time. The space itself has a much warmer, intimate feel than expected. It appeared so bright and coffee house like on the website that it was actually a deterrent. I get it, your space is clean and you want to showcase that but it really does give the wrong impression. I also understand the concept of lighting for photography purposes but it appears bright and uninviting, definitely not date worthy. Anyway, I'm glad I was wrong.The cocktail list was uninspired and I don't recommend bringing a beer geek here, but if you're into sharing some munchies and splitting a bottle of reasonably priced wine, this (and about 20 other spots in the valley) is your place. No offense to The Living Room, I will surely be back, It's just that I'd really love to see a restaurant owner bring something fresh and new to the table. I feel like everyone is doing a version of this...I too noticed the flickering light issue but being that I'm not prone to seizures it didn't bother me much. The service was on point and our server was attentive without being overbearing and seemed to genuinely care that we enjoy ourselves. When questioned regarding wine options he actually had an opinion and some basic knowledge to back it up. That may seem sad to get excited about but hey, I've gotten used to vapid shitty service, even coming out of some seemingly 5 star establishments. We came, we drank, (a lot) we dined, (not enough) and we took cheap cab rides home. Ahhhh, the beauty of living in Mid-town.  I'll be back Living Room; I'm not in love...but you're a perfectly acceptable rebound/transition until the next best thing comes along.
4	I truly enjoyed this place!  Comfy and fun ambiance....just the right amount of good all around.  There was even plenty of parking!  The food was pretty tasy.  We had a bottle of wine, but I will be sure to be back and try a few cocktails.  They had some kind of Vodka Vanilla Cream drink that looked spectacular.  I loved the DJ's selection of music...and yes, it was a bit loud but I had no problem carrying on a conversation.  The best part was the totally gorgeous and attentive server, Brian.  He seemed to really enjoy his job and I thats what I really look for in service.  Thakn you Living Room....you did not disappoint!
1	i will never go back to this place!  terrible service!!! here is what got me; we ordered a 2nd round 10 min. before happy hour was to end only to have the lazy and terrible server come over and asked if we wanted another round.  we politely reminded him that we ordered the round prior for the happy hour special.  he slowly brought us our drink and when we got our bill... guess what? we were not charged the correct price.  he used the excuse that the computer did it and that he couldn't change it.  we again reminded him that if he had brought us our drinks in a timely manor the computer would not have charged us more.  he then said he'd buy us one of the glasses.  what a jerk! please it isn't coming out of your pocket, do your job correctly!  so here is my take, this place is a copy cat of many others.  go to the places with great service and spend your money there. don't waist your time here with these rude people!
2	Oh, I had such high hopes for the Living Room. Had heard amazing things of it and was really looking forward to a nice, long dinner date out on the town with my man (which for some peeps like us, is rare). Didn't happen.When we walked in there were three people who were running around and when we asked if we can just sit where we like or what, responded "well we have a group of 30 coming in so maybe over there somewhere" and points to the already crowded bar. We took seat at a 4 top, which seems ackward to me if they're expecting a large group. As we sat down, a large party of 6 or so who had been sitting on the couches (the now reserved area for the party of 30), moved near us; and soon one other group of 4 did the same. We were soon surrounded and listening to what appeared to be (from the sound of ridiculously loud laughter) hilarious stories from the people in their party. Finally our waiter comes over and asks what we want to drink. No mention of the specials clearly written on the blackboard next to us (we had to ask him about the sliders and bottle special). No suggestions, nothing. I got a glass of wine and my noveo, a coke. Waiter returns with flat coke for noveo and an empty glass for me which he returns then again with a small container of wine and literally dumps the wine into the wine glass, practically spilling onto the table. We ordered a 3 cheese plate and some classic mozzarella and the prosciutto bruschetta, after not being very impressed with the limited menu. I was a bit confused because one friend who recommended it to me said they have this amazing brie fondue and pretzels. The waiter was nice enough to leave one menu behind incase we wanted more food, I didn't see the front page of the menu until I was about half-way done with my wine. I know, hello Capitan obvious but still. It was disappointing. Our food arrives and he throws the platters down on the table. No presentation at all. I asked him to refill my water twice while we were eating. For some reason, I was thirsty...who would think, a person thirsty while eating? The food was pretty tasty but I can get similar platters at just about any other joint downtown. While we're about  1/2 through our meal, the large group who came over near us moved back to the couches, apparently the group of 30 wouldn't be coming in.By the time we finished our two plates, we were still a little hungry but we had had enough of the neglectful service, we were done. It took him a well 15 minutes to get me some change for the bill and he didn't give me proper change, so considering the service, homeboy got a smaller tip. I can see where the owners were going with this one but the only thing really 'living room' about it was that I could see the toilet from my table and I can imagine from any other seat in the house.
2	I live and work within a couple of blocks of the Living Room, and had really high hopes.  Overall, the food and wine selections are perfectly palatable.  Nothing is going to knock your socks off, but you aren't going to be disappointed either.  Personally, I think the food is better than the Main Ingredient.  My biggest criticism, and the reason I haven't been there more than a couple of times, is the DJ.  It is SO LOUD in there.  Even when there are only a handful of people in the place, the music is blasting, making it impossible to have a conversation without screaming at the person across the table.  I really wanted this to be a laid back place where I could pop in for a glass of wine and an appetizer after work, but the incredibly loud music just makes me want to flee.  I've given it three tries now, and I think it's been louder each time.  If they would lose the DJ or at least turn the music down so you could converse, this would be a great neighborhood gathering spot.
3	I think the Living Room is fine! Like another reviewer said, it's nothing particularly exciting or mind blowing, but it is a nice neighborhood restaurant that has solid food. I like some of their bruschetta options more than Postinos. I do agree that the music is too loud! The atmosphere is more ambient and I wish the music was commensurate with that. I always forget my server's name but he is very nice and helpful - no complaints there!
4	A great place in the hood. The ambiance is great, good food, and fantastic staff. I brought a few of my friends and colleagues here.  I said try the Chicken Sliders. Instantly they thought bar food, but they were surprised and found the food delicious. I am glad to have a place like this in the Coronado Neighborhood.
2	When a new spot in the downtown/north central Phoenix area opens up, we historic district folks get quite excited...still too few choices, and too few great choices at that.  So, I was very happy to hear a friend say she went to The Living Room for an after work gathering and really liked it.  We went back last night with friends for happy hour.  We literally were screaming to hear each other across a small 4-top, and asked three times--nicely--for the music level to be turned down a smidge.  Here's the thing:  we all agreed we'd make this a go-to spot in the 'hood for happy hour and easy weeknight dinners.  But, if they don't get the sound level/ambience right, it's going to be hard for them to gain a solid and loyal following.  Shared a cheese plate and hummus app...all good.  Martinis and beers, good.  Service, decent.  Living Room has some strong pluses, but sound level is going to make it or break it.  Love a place feeling alive and full of energy, just not fun when you can't hear to have good conversation with the folks sitting at your table.  After just over an hour of the ridiculous shouting, we left and went to Tuck Shop for a wonderful, fun, delicious dinner with our friends ($90 plus tip that Living Room lost).  So, Living Room, are you a DJ-driven music spot wanna-be or a neighborhood wine cafe and lounge? (A nod to Postino for getting the sound/food/ambience mix just right.)
4	I imagine that when most restaurants put out a Groupon, they are busy right when it first comes out and right before it expires.  Well, I'm one of those "right-before-it-expires" kind of girls and my trip to The Living Room was no exception.  I figured this would be the perfect pre-party for Tina and I to use before the Yelp party at Bliss/reBar.  I was right! (I love saying that!)My first time to The Living Room was a great experience.  I love the location, nice and cozy.  Our server was very friendly and not annoying or pushy.  She was great with recommendations and keeping the water glasses filled - gotta stay hydrated!  We tried two bruchetta's and the fries. What a huge, delicious, bowl of fries!Great happy hour specials! Wines by the glass $5, including sparkling!  I don't like to wait for a special occasion to bust out the bubbles.  I would rather MAKE it a special occasion because I'm enjoying the bubbles!The bathroom situation was interesting with the sink outside of the toilet room and visible by most of the restaurant, but hey, at least you can see who washes their hands and who doesn't.Can't wait to update our "Professional Networking Series" (aka "After Work Happy Hour") to include The Living Room in our rotation!
4	I love this place, reminds me of a Tapas shop in Spain.  We came here on a Friday night and had a few bottles of wine and some great pretzels and bruschetta.  Great for cocktails and lounging with friends, they have a cat playing some tunes at your request.  Whether your are into the 80's 90's he definitely keeps the place fun.  They have specials on Monday for sliders and wine, definitely will be back for that.
5	I am getting married in just 4 short weeks (woohoo!!) and my sisters were planning my bridal shower. They had already printed out invitations with a different local wine bar listed as the venue. We ran in to some serious unfortunate customer service challenges with the nameless winebar and immediately were on the look out for a new place (that appreciated our business). We had just 3 short days to find a place to host 17 of my closest friends and family members on a Saturday.... My sister had talked to one of her coworkers who suggested The Living Room. When she approached with the idea I had no clue what to think. I love to support local business and I love to try new places but was nervous to try something new on such an important day. I took a gamble and said yes. When we arrived on Saturday for our reservation the staff had set up the couches to face each other with adorable throw pillows and coffee tables in the center. We were greeted immediately and they gave us the freedom to truly treat our reserved space as an actual living room. We set out framed photos of me and my fiance, a bouquet of flowers and had a table for gifts. All of our guests were really impressed with the ambiance. When it came time to order food we had such good things to choose from. Our bruschetta was unbelievable and our wine was delicious. We also ordered sliders, french fries and artichoke dip that were nothing short of fabulous. The food came promptly and filled all of our bellies! I work in the restaurant industry as well as most of my friends and we really appreciate good service... our server was awesome! She didn't hover or make us feel rushed. She was polite and patient with all of our guests. I wish I wasn't so preoccupied so I would have caught her name! After the shower was over I began getting text messages about how cute the place was and how much my friends can't wait to go back. I already made plans to return with my fiance for afternoon wine. I highly recommend The Living Room for parties or a relaxing dinner. I am so happy that the venue was switched it was everything I wanted and more for my special day. Thank you so much to The Living Room!!!
3	Delightful little joint with an upbeat atmosphere and a decent snacking menu.Love the free wi-fi, love the sliders (all of 'em), LIKE the antipasto appetizer, but it needs improved bread assortments.Drinks are cold and the couches are comfy.  Wish the music were turned down a bit...
3	I have to give this place a thumbs up and an A-OK rating. I went last night for dinner with some girlfriends and while it was enjoyable nothing was mind blowing about this place. I'd go back but I am not chomping at the bit to go. The set up is cool and relaxed, excellent atmosphere for a gathering of friends. Nothing that stuck me as interesting or unique. Just nice. Our waitresses were super nice and kept us happy without bugging us too much. They made the visit enjoyable. Food was good. Again, nothing bad by any means but nothing that I will be dreaming about for days. We ordered a cheese fondue to start and it was pretty delish. Melted brie cheese with cauliflower, broccoli, apples, 1/2 a salt pretzel, and some bread to dip. This by far was my favorite thing I ate. If I go back, I will get this. I ate the chicken sandwich with fries which was good. Nothing to go crazy over but for sure good. My girlfriends had the sliders and a tuna melt. Same rating for theirs sandwiches. It is worth mentioning that their sandwiches come with fries and they are pretty delightful. Another friend ordered the bruchetta and while she said it was good, she also mentioned it didn't compare to Postino's bruchetta... To drink everyone else had different wines which they enjoyed, but I had a glass of sangria. It was nice and fruity, if you like sangria I recommend it. Ever see 10 Things I Hate About You? Remember when she says I know you can be overwhelmed and I know you can be underwhelmed, but can you ever just be whelmed? The Living Room left me feeling just whelmed.
2	Warning: snarky review ahead.Living Room gained a star because I really do like the space, and I did really want to support a neighborhood biz.  Unfortunately, they blew it.I host a monthly event called Rogue Green and held it at the Living Room a few months back. They extended happy hour drink prices to us as I had 40+ people attend and they were still trying to build business. We had to scream over the music, which never did get turned down.I also have met friends at the space on several occasions, brought my kids in for dinner, and have tried to give constructive criticism, as I wanted them to succeed. The music really is AWFUL and TOOOOOO LOUD!  After reading all of the other reviews, how many times do people need to say it? A place called The Living Room just shouldn't have crappy, blaring music. it should be loungy. Or jazzy. Or anything basically other than what it is.So in a pinch for a space for my event last week, I called to see if they had room for us so I could give it one more shot. The manager was supposed to get back to me to let me know what kind of special they could offer (happy hour pricing, etc.)  Every other place around town I've held my events has bent over backwards to be accommodating. After all, I'm bringing in a group of people who drink, usually eat, and tip really well. I don't make money off the events and it's about supporting local business.The manager didn't get back to me until the afternoon before the event to inform me that the owner wasn't willing to do anything for us because "they hadn't been hitting their sales numbers." I told her I didn't care if they even picked one beer and one wine and put them on special - just something - as I was bringing in a bunch of people and they usually totally clear out after happy hour ends, and we'd probably be there until 9p. She said she'd talk to the owner and get back to me. She didn't. I called her the next afternoon and she said she couldn't reach them. Whatever...Once again, the music at the back of the space was BLARING. Everyone had to shout. I was told by the manager twice that "That's how the owner wants it, sweetie." Ick. Really? What about what your patrons want? There's a concept, eh?!So most of us left and went over to the patio of Main Ingredient. And they were nice to us. And once my ears finally stopped ringing, I actually had a good time.So stick it in your ear Living Room. You can't move into a real neighborhood and not act neighborly. Your customer service sucks and so do your speakers. IT'S TOOOOO LOUD! Think ambiance or change your name to Living Deaf.
5	I visited the Phoenix Living Room last night for the first time, my girlfriends and I frequent the Chandler location regularly and wanted to check out the new location. Must say I LOVE this one just as much! Service is amazing, friendly knowledgeable staff adds to the great atmosphere. Music selection was good, and reading the other reviews I'm disappointed that people think it's too loud. It's definitely not too loud. The food and wine are both great, the white sangria is like candy! Very good!For those of you trying to change the way The Living Room is, please, by all means, get your own restaurant and then you can make the decisions on how to run a business. Be glad you were given an extended happy hour once, it was a couresty, not something that you feel like they are obligated to do for you every time, that's just sounds completely unreasonable, ungrateful, and down right cheap. If you want cheap wine and quiet music, buy a box of wine and stay home.This cozy, hip, neighborhood joint is perfect for happy hours and dinner and drinks with friends. I definitely recommend this spot to everyone looking for a cool hangout, any day of the week, any time of the day. Yay to the new patio in the works! Two thumbs up and 5 stars from me for sure!
2	To Sarah l. -Buy a box of wine and stay at home? Funny, you sound like you're probably an employee or something...The point is that those of us who live downtown and do events to help PROMOTE local businesses are typically treated much more professionally - like had the manager gotten back to me when they said they would, I would have probably held the event somewhere else.  Groups of 40+ people boost sales - that's a typical no brainer.  If this restaurant can sustain itself on only having a decent happy hour crowd, but not listening to the people who live in the neighborhood, I'll be surprised if they last a year.The good thing is that there are many great restaurants downtown who DO appreciate patronage and what the customers think - and apparently I'm not the only one who thinks the music is ungodly loud and their speakers suck.
5	I live in the Coronado Neighborhood- so I eat, shop, work and play as locally as possible.  I rarely venture out of the downtown area anymore, especially when a glass of wine or a cold beer is concerned - opting instead to meet a group of friends at one of our many restaurants in and around the "Gourmet Ghetto."  I consider myself picky, but I'm not a food prude.  I like consistency, fresh flavorful foods and nice people in a relaxed setting.So, for me - The Living Room has become my new hangout.  Nice groupings of comfy sofas to gather around, great music and I swear they have the BEST fries I've ever had!  Served a deep golden brown with a simple sprinkling of sea salt, these bad boys are crisp on the outside and tender on the inside and the order size is generous (note: an order of fries as an appetizer generally comes with garlic, etc.. on top - but, if you ask, they'll happily hook you up with the originals).  Fries, as a side to one of their fantastic burgers generally come plain (without the garlic).The Living Room has that great neighborhood "everybody knows you" kind of vibe.  I'm in here once or twice a week and it's never long before a neighbor or two strolls in.  It's a great place to grab a meal.  The staff at LR are fantastic and the woman that waited on me and a friend of mine last night (so sorry I forgot your name) was a trip!  TOTALLY friendly and happy (and new).  When I asked her how long she'd been working at LR, she confessed that she was always in there anyway, so one night she asked if she could try helping... See?  AWESOME PEOPLE HERE!I complain about the wine selection and, to date, no one's brought my favorite Plungerhead back on to the menu- but all-in-all, you can't beat the burgers, sliders and fries so I'll choke down whatever the wine dude says he likes and open a better bottle when I get home.  As long as you're in before 6pm, the wine's  1/2 price anyway...
5	So chill, So delicious and So priced well.  The Living Room is a great place to kick back and relax on a date or with a group of friends.  The drinks are made well, generous and affordably priced.  The menu goes above and beyond "bar food" and has enough to interest pretty much anyone.  My favorite was the sausage sliders- WOW!  Delicious! And when you need a french fry fix, this is your place!  Portions are big, so perfect for sharing.
4	We love the Living Room! My boyfriend and I frequent this place. We love the chill atmosphere and super delish food. We always kick back on one of the couches for some snacks and beers. The bartenders, one in particular, maybe his name is JT or JR or something, he's great. Best spinach dip ever, and my boyfriend LOVES the Maytag burger. My only qualm is that they don't have a veggie burger. Get a good veggie burger and you'll win my heart forever!
5	my boyfriend and i are huge fans of this place. the staff is super friendly, the food is delicious, and it's a very comfortable environment. definitely will be coming back!
5	One of my favorite places in Phx. Clost to the house and very clean and freindly.
4	We love it here.We recently bought a house in the neighborhood (having just moved to Phoenix 2 months ago) and my husband discovered that a coworker lives in the Coronado!Thus the discovery that they all get together at the Living Room.  We've gone there now the last two weeks to get a feel for it and start frequenting what we are sure will become a staple in our lives as Coronado residents.Mary the bartender is awesome.  Happy hour is AMAZING with 2.50 drafts, $5 wines, and sliders and a bottle for $20.  the food is awesome and so are the people.  we will be here often and LOVE supporting our local business. :)
4	Happy hour with $5 well drinks and a nice assortment of discount munchies. But most importantly. . . . a crowd that smilingly, laughingly indulges a couple of old 40-somethings laughing and almost making out on a couch.So don't go if you don't want to see people with crows-feet acting like teenagers on a date.
4	I like this place. High marks for food quality and friendly service. Best of all is Happy Hour. Blue Moon for $2.50?????? ENOUGH SAID. Log off now and get over to The Living Room for Happy Hour!!!!!
5	My favorite new spot. Great food and friendly staff.
