5	We took the Landing tour of the western rim from henderson and it was amazing. We did the early morning flight which saves a few dollars, was a beautiful time of day cooler and had less turbulence. The shuttle picked us up at at our hotel about ten minutes late but no worries and brought us to the where the helicopters take off. They check you in at the depot and the waiting area is really nice and comfortable - with washrooms, a little cafe and ample seating on couches. It was about a 20 minute drive from our hotel. and the check in process took about 30 minutes. Everyone was super helpful and friendly from the driver to the check in staff to our pilot Ben. We had 6 in our group and everyone got a turn in the front of the helicopter though whoever gets chosen to sit up front on the flight to the canyon gets the best seats. But really every seat has a great view. The flight to the canyon was about 45 minutes and passed over the Hoover Damn which was very cool. Once we landed Ben served us champagne, soft drinks, and little debbie style pastries when we landed in the canyon - with ample time to walk around and also just sit and enjoy the view, take lots of photos etc. We never felt rushed but also didn't feel like we didn't stay too long.  Its true they offer video and photos to buy but also they   encouraged us  to take pics and videos of our own and never pressured anyone for tips.  It is expensive but an amazing way to view the canyon and we would do it again in a heartbeat.
5	I highly recommend this excursion. It sure beats a 6 hour bus drive out to the Canyon and was great fun! Go Sunday morning on the 9am tour and receive a special discount. The choppers seat 8 people including the pilot - all the seats are front facing in two rows. The helicopters are very nice, clean, and comfortable. They do shake a bit as you go but it's nothing more than a vibration - it was a very smooth ride in terms of turbulence. The pilot Jon was a great aerial tour guide pointing out what we were looking at below us as we flew. We passed over the Hoover Dam on the way to the West Bank of the canyon where we touched down, got to wander around for 30 minutes to take pica, and have some free champaign before heading back. On the way back we made a stop to fuel and changed seats so everyone could have a chance in the front row. Hotel pick ups from the strip are free as is on site parking at Henderson Executive airport if you have your own car.
5	I asked friends who live in Vegas for recommendations and they said this was the only company to go with and they were right. Very professional, courteous, the helicopters are in tip top shape and clean. The pilot was knowledgeable and great at pointing out what we were looking at on our way over and back.It is breathtaking and I think the best way to experience the Grand Canyon.
