5	Pet Club carries a wide variety of food for dogs and cats. If you want low end food, go elsewhere. They specialize in mid- to high-end products (don't believe the other reviewer -- she got it wrong). They also carry food for birds, rodents, and horses, but I can't vouch for their selection for these animals. The prices are fantastic -- bagged food is always several dollars cheaper than Petco/Petsmart, and canned food is sometimes as much as a dollar cheaper per can. Pet Club staff are far more knowledgable about pet nutrition and food options than the big stores.Even though they specialize in food, Pet Club carries a selection of supplies other than food, such as collars, leashes, grooming products, bowls, beds, toys, cat trees, and treats. It's not huge, but there's enough variety for most people. FInally, there is no actual club -- no membership is required.This location is small and cramped (the majority of the location is warehouse for inventory) and not particularly clean, but the service and quality of product is great. Skip the narrow parking lot and park on the east side of the building but don't worry -- they'll happily carry everything to your car for you. Pets welcome.
5	Surprisingly good prices on high quality dog food that I have found. Lower than online sometimes. Good Selection and friendly. It's definitely worth the drive out from Tempe for me.
5	This place is amazing.  They carry every brand of high quality dog food imaginable, and the staff are incredibly friendly and knowledgeable.  My puppy had parvo as a baby and has had stomach problem ever since.  The vet has tried a million things and finally settled on putting him on horrible Hill's prescription i/d food that cost $300 a month for his size.  Heidi at Pet Club got him on Limited Ingredient Diet and now he is PERFECTLY FINE!  It is really a miracle.  She even told me we were even able to bring the bag of food back and try new ones until we found one that worked without paying a dime, but we didn't need to because she nailed it the first time.  THANK YOU PET CLUB!
5	Very small cramped store, but they've packed a bunch in. Nice people all the time. I was looking to switch my dog over to actual GOOD food and had a couple in mind after doing research. A girl in there talked to me forever and showed me all my options and I finally decided on Taste of the Wild. Great choice by the way! They have a variety of some things you cant find in other stores, and also have some horse tack and supplies in the back. They also carry livestock feed, have a small public bathroom and good prices.Watch what you get for feed from in back though. I got very infested chicken feed one time.
4	We purchase our puppies' 5-in-1 vaccines here...bonus, the coupon we found in the mail also applies to vaccines which add up if you are doing the whole series yourself...Also the various Pet Clubs have vet clinics for for rabies and micrchipping at dif times of the month at extremely affordable pricing.
5	Yay! I heart Pet Club.They are the closest place to south Scottsdale for horse tack and supplies (other than Tempe Feed, who I'm not fond of). Half the store is horse stuff: decent selection of bridles and bits, halters and LOTS of grooming supplies, treats, food, supplements, etc. You not only get a diverse selection of things, but also every size imaginable of each product: they carried 5 different sizes of Leather New.  Decisions, decisions for sure!The rest is dog and cat stuff and holy crap, do they have a huge selection of toys. I stayed far away from those aisles because I knew I'd spend too much with the many choices. There were also a couple aisles devoted solely to high quality dog food (Innova, Blue Buffalo, Castor and Pollux, etc.)The girl working was really nice and loved on my dog, and even held his wiggly butt for me while I looked at a halter. He got puppy treats on his way out as well :)We'll be back!PS: You might miss it if you're not looking for it, especially if coming from the west; the building is kind of unremarkable. It's on the northeast corner of Main and Country Club.
4	The place was open on Sunday -two thumbs up.Especially after I drove to Mesa to hit the feed barn over on Main and saw they were closed.  The young lady working this particular early afternoon was pleasant and helpful.  She sold me on some wood shavings, provided me info on the chicks they had in the store on that day, and unbeknownst to her, almost sold me on a turkey chick.  Wouldn't that be fun?Seems like the place got crazy busy during the time I was looking at the chicks and the poultry supplies.   Shop is kinda small and well stocked so a few customers make it look busy quick.She gave me info about the Gilbert HS program that might prove useful in the near future too.I walked in only needing wood shavings but left with a small hen feeder, an apple scented Jolly Ball, scratch for my hens, and a huge bag or wood shavings for the nesting boxes.I don't like the parking set up much.  Seems there are a select few that feel they must park right in front of the entrance to the building.  I am talking less than 10' from the entrance.  Can I suggest that folks avoid buying and giving their pups a 5 in 1 vaccine here?A combo vacc is hard on the babies system.  Look up Jean Dodds vaccine protocol.Best to give your pups a good, healthy, start in life.
