3	Tanners is another one of those spots with long standing roots in the Charlotte area that have had a few locations over the years.  They're a soul food restaurant that serves breakfast all day along with menu items like salads, sandwiches, hotdogs, burgers, fries, and seafood platters.  The soul food buffet is served daily and includes baked chicken, fried chicken, ribs, fish, meatloaf, mac and cheese, greens and other staples priced at $7.99 which includes tea.  Desserts include a selection of pound cake and pie.  The breakfast menu includes chicken and waffles, fish and grits, and shrimp and grits.  I tried the chicken and waffles and as much as I love waffles I hate soft waffles so I was disappointed but the chicken was ok. The staff was very nice and there seemed to be lots of regulars coming in and out...but be warned there is low sanitation grade gracing the wall....
4	It was actually better than I expected, great Mac&chesse, yams, and fried chicken!!! I only wish the hot bar was more like a buffet, other then that great soul food!!!
4	It was my first time at the establishment.  The staff was nice and the food was fresh.  Lots of regulars.  I was satisfied and will return again.
4	Best fried chicken I have had in Charlotte!Me and my boyfriend headed to Tanners because neither of us had ever tried chicken and waffles and this place seemed fitting. Neither of us expected it to be great but more of something you have to try once.  We were both pleasantly surprised. The combination of the sweet syrup on the waffles and the crispy fried chicken was awesome. The fried chicken was fried to perfection.We also shared the shrimp and grits which was also very good. The portion sizes were large. Everyone there was friendly.The only down side is that it isnt in the best area of town. But most places you find great local food never is.  If your looking for good soul food this is the place to go!
4	This is a simple place with GREAT food, if you like southern cooking. YUM YUM. I had baked chicken, but really want to go back for fried chicken.  And the greens....to die for!
4	LOVE Tanners! Great prices for some of the best food in town. Friendly owners and staff too! HUGE portions!
1	Wouldn't honor my Groupon, I've had better chicken from a gas station.Most of the people inside this restaurant looked to be family members. The quality of food served could have been beat by a Hot Pocket! Store bought everything. The coleslaw was the kind someone's grandma would scoop out of a tub, ,notfrom the deli of the grocery store, from the cold case next to the hot dogs.
1	I really had my hopes up for this place as perhaps one of the epic places for fried chicken in the queen city.  Man was I disappointed :(  The service was poor as the only person working in the front was in fact smoking right beside the entry when I went in. However all can be forgiven if the food is good.  It is not.  Served cafeteria style.  The chicken was room temp and while the baked chicken was seasoned well enough(a rough equivalent to walmart's rotisserie) the fried chicken, which is supposed to be the main attraction, was bland and greasy.  The only semi saving grace was the prices but for slightly less you can get better food from Harris Teeter's deli section and enjoy much better ambiance in your car.
