4	I can hear you hipsters snarling now."What? You're writing a review of a Starbucks?  Fight the power, man.  Go to Espresso Royale!"Bah, I DO go to ER (and Paradiso, Aroma,  Kopi, etc), but on a Sunday morning before church, the closest place to sit and clear my head over a cup of coffee was the local starbucks.  And I liked it.First off, it was difficult to get to.  It's on Vine and Main, but to access it, you have to drive through the Schnuck's Express gas station (unless you want to use the drive through, but that's too bougie to even be pulled off effectively in Los Angeles, much less in Urbana--where you going in such a rush, buddy?  You ain't cool!)Once you enter the wardrobe to get to Narni--er, Starbucks, it's all good.  There's a nice patio with your requisite starbucks outdoor furniture, and a spacious inside.  I really liked the layout, and it's new-looking, with extraordinarily cheerful employees and a comfy couch.But that morning, all I wanted to do was drink my coffee and sit out in the late September morning.  It was still unseasonably warm, but that warmth had an odd quality to it, like it was the last gasp of summer before inevitably, inexorably sliding through the warm cheeriness of fall into the coldness of winter.  And so I sat this Sunday morning, sippin' my cafe, eyeing the clouds in the shadow of the beautiful brick Champaign County Courthouse and thinking about all the roads that had led me to this place, this time, this life.  Then i smiled, sat back and watched the dogwalkers, soccer mom's, and fellow grad students mill about me on a tranquil Sunday morning.Thanks for the peaceful moment, Starbucks.  For that I'm very glad.
3	It's a Starbucks, what else to say?The parking lot can be a nightmare though.  Not enough spaces and difficult to get around the Schnuck's Express,
2	Great for the drive-thru, bad for finding a place to study during times when one would think they would be busy (i.e. 2 pm on a weekday). If you sit there for long enough you will also reek of coffee when you leave.At least during the summer they have outdoor seating.
2	i am a fan of starbucks.  i really, really am.  i'm a gold member.  it's THAT serious.  however... this starbucks... consistently makes about the weakest drinks ever.  i have never had a latte that tastes more like milk than coffee with the exception of this store.  i will drive out of my way to go to another store just to avoid the weak coffee here.  also, the staff is hit or miss.  mostly miss.  there are some nice ladies who work in the mornings when i come through... but there are a couple who have no idea what they are doing and don't make any apologies for it.  i have had more than a few messed up drink orders here, and that sucks because i've become accustomed to starbucks just "getting it right"... that i don't usually notice it's wrong until i've driven away.  and forget going in for a coffee.  the parking lot was designed by someone with no concept of space and flow.  parking on a crazy incline?  backing right into the exiting drive through lanes?  i have no idea how people in wheelchairs would navigate this parking lot.  lameness, urbana starbucks.  laaaaaame.
2	Heh.  I just saw the "tip" I wrote for this place ("Why are there so many flies here!? Gross.") and felt like I should write a little more. There are a lot of flies around the windows where the two armchairs are located.  Not sure what it is about that particular area, but the rest of the seating areas aren't plagued by flies nearly as much.I don't really have any qualms about the drinks I've had here.  I can't remember having a really bad drink or anything like that.  Even though this Starbucks is pretty convenient to where I live, it's actually one of the last places I ever bother going for coffee.  Mainly because the seating is horrible and in true Starbucks-style the tables are always full of people on laptops, using the wi-fi for hours on end.  Of course, usually there's one or two people spread out over the entire table that seats 8, as well.  It's really obnoxious and I've actually gone in here to get a drink and left without buying anything because there was nowhere to sit.The staff are pretty nice and drinks are consistent.  Really only worth coming here if you want coffee to go or are just going through the drive-thru.  Seating is horrible, parking is annoying, and yeah...there are flies.
3	Parking is a pain
1	Very slow drive through service.  We waited 15 minutes for a coffee and there was only one car in front of us.  When we got to the window the server had to bang the scanner on the window several times to get it to work.Definitely will not be back!
1	We came here from West Champaign because we thought this was the coziest looking Starbucks in town. There were three or four tables occupied and nobody in line. The drive up was busy, and there were four employees behind the counter. It took almost two minutes to be acknowledged, and then that one moved on anyway. Finally someone asked me what I wanted and I ordered. She never made eye contact or smiled. I felt I was an inconvenience. She then gave me my total without glancing at my wife who had been right with me from the start. She acted surprised that we were together. She never asked how we wanted our coffee and never smiled or said anything other than what I accounted for above. Our treatment was negligent, dismissive, and essentially unfriendly. We will not be coming back. (And, yes, the coffee tastes weak. How do they mess that up?)
3	Nice people and good service, its just too cold inside!
2	Flies! So many flies! I won't be back until they get this problem under control.
1	Service very unsatisfqctory. When I approached the counter I received no greeting at all from the young woman at the register, just a blank stare. I ordered an iced coffee, unsweetened. I was the only one inside waiting for a drink, although the drive through seemed to be busy, I waited over 10 minutes for someone to simply pour some cold brew over some ice. I watched the "barista" (a different employee) make the coffee and then pump a ton of sweet syrup into it. She called it out, at which point I politely informed her that I had ordered unsweetened. She looked annoyed and said "well, are you sure it's yours?" in a rude manner. I told her I was the only person waiting for a drink. She remade the beverage, while looking pissed off and loudly banging the ice and cup. Incredibly petty and immature. Just because you carry a famous name doesn't mean you can treat customers with disdain. I will not be back.
1	This location can't seem to get anything about my drink correct.  I order from Starbucks stores across Illinois, as I travel often with my job, I get the same drink everyday for the same price at each location.  Except this one.  Charge wrong ,make the drink, wrong with attitude .... Never returning to this location.  Good thing others aren't this rude.
4	I go for coffee. They give me coffee. I drink the coffee. It works.
