5	Every self respecting fashionista makes an effort to visit Topshop regularly and we're very lucky to have such a lovely branch in Edinburgh. The shop was given a much needed make-over two years ago and now it's a wonderland of cool. Laid out over two floors (three if you include Topman), this shop can easily satisfy all your fashion needs - shoes, clothes, lingerie and accessories, you'll find it all here. There's even a personal shopper to help you piece together the perfect outfit. On the lower ground floor there's a great little section selling clothes from up and coming designers (the Yuki stuff is fab), stock is limited so you'll be unlikely to bump into someone else wearing the same item.
4	If you've not heard of Topshop, then you've been living under a rock for the past ten years. There are not many business tycoons I can name, but Philip Green - the creator of Topshop - has caught my attention. Yeah this is your standard Topshop clothes - wise, but it rises above all others i've been in for friendliness and layout.This particular store was given a really cool refurbishment last year, and now it looks really trendy and captures an old, traditional element of Edinburgh with the sweeping staircase and chunky banisters. As a result, you actually have room to browse without bumping satchel's or stepping on gladiator-clad toes. (See what I did there? Cos Topshop sells satchels and gladiator shoes...)The staff are really friendly and genuinely want to help and give really good advice without seeming pretentious. The personal shopper, which you can just turn up to (!!), is AMAZING. I thoroughly recommend it. I came to the personal shopper as I was going out that night and was going to be in the company of an ex-boyfriend, so had to look my best. I'm glad to report the personal shopper put me right at ease and made me feel amazing, and my ex was truly swooning. HA!
3	This Topshop, like most of them, is consistently good. Well stocked, armed with friendly staff, it's good to go.It's a decent size and as Emma outlined they've done it up. Seems to be more stock to love, and more effort put into their displays.Where Topshop falls short for me is how it takes the rip out its customers. It sells some absolutely beautiful clothing but the turnover rate for stock is ridiculous. It'll be on the rails for a fortnight then it's whisked away to the "get it now before it's gone!!!!" range where you feel rushed into buying. Gives me a headache. I feel like such a skinflint these days but you have no time to save for desirables in here because they are usually off the rails before you get your next pay.As for their jewellery, it seems as though they "borrow" inspiration from independent designers, especially in London since there are areas dedicated to them. So although their jewellery is gorgeous and more affordable, a lot of it is inspired by people working hard to fashion accessories by hand. I'm unsure whether this is a well known fact or my decective work, but it certainly seems that way. Also, I'm allergic to whatever they make their earrings out of!I do like Topshop - they host some well-made, gorgeous garments. But I have been made cynical over time by their stock turnover, high prices and designs. But as far as stores go, I like this one.
3	I've never really 'clicked' with Topshop, I have to be honest. Mainly because of their prices - if want to buy a top that's going to have twisted at the seams after only one wash, I can get it in other shops for a fraction of what Topshop charge.It also annoys me that the second you walk in you get mentally Gok-Wanned by all the sales assistants there who, judging from the expressions on their faces, never ever deem your outfit satisfactory. That said, as far as Topshops go this one is pretty good. It's recently been re-done and so now its about three times the size that it was before, with increased stock to match. The shoe department isn't really any better than it was before though, which is usually my first criteria for judging a shop.It's one saving grace though... if you're a student, make sure you go to their 20% Lock-In. The clue's pretty much in the name; you need a student card to get in, everything is 20% off and they give you sweets and drinks to keep your energy levels up during all that shopping!
3	Topshop doesn't really need an introduction. Big chain with "alternative" clothing which you either look ridiculous in (face it models look good in anything- accompanied by brush ups), or you look like everyone else. Ever since introducing new designers the prices have gone up whilst sadly the quality of clothing has remained low.I still get drawn to this place. I am a hypocrite.I have a love and hate relationship with this place, I won't deny it, and it's a big part of Princes street shopping anyway. Yes the clothes won't make me original or trendy as the image this shop is trying to push- in reality if you have it you have it, you won't get style and edge by just wearing the clothes. Plus everyone is wearing them anyway.OK enough about my rant about Topshop and on about this actual store:It's a lot smaller than the one in London and stocks less stuff (if you find something you like on the website don't get your hopes too high you will find it here). The layout is a bit odd, with the women's clothes spread out on two floors: my advice is just browse everywhere cause things are not always clearly displayed and you might actually find something you like).The shoe section is great, but sadly the girls working there obviously don't get the whole idea of customer service in the slightest. Come down from your cloud love. Why do all the girls working here look like identical clones despite the "alternativeness" of their outfits? Other than that , the 10% discount makes it alluring. Don't expect too much on quality though and be sure to try stuff on. I swear some of the clothes are not made for actual women. That is, women with actual bone structure and an normal distribution of fat. And I am sorry but some garments are actually ridiculous, even on Ms Moss.
