1	One word... AWFUL!  An overdue  review of this salon from June 2011. I had to get my hair dyed and wanted to try a local salon.I did not want anything special, a single process hair color  was all I needed. Firstly, the salon called 2 hours before my appointment on a Saturday to ask if I can arrive earlier, I said sure. I arrived an hour before my appointment and the receptionist mentioned the colorist had stepped out and made me wait 20 minutes -  What was the point of asking me to arrive earlier. She finally returned, (I think her name was Sophie- she had bleached blond hair at the time)I told her I wanted a touch up on my roots, and to even out the hair color since my roots were growing out (half a shade lighter than a very dark brown and I wanted to cover some grays). Fairly simple,  as my natural hair color is a very dark brown. She applied two colors and when she rinsed it off, the top half my head was significantly lighter than the bottom half. I was mortified. She had to apply 3 toners to even out the color and she was rushing to send me off because it was the end of the day despite the horrible mishap. I travel a lot and have experienced a number of salons both low and high end but this is by far one of the worst salon I have ever been to. Worst customer service with an awful hair colorist.  I would NEVER recommend this place to anyone. I had to go to Aveda (formerly known as Tonic) to get my hair redone which they were able to do successfully.
3	This would be a 2-1/2 stars review but that is not a choice here on Yelp, so 3 stars by default.The salon has had a redesign since I visited them back 18 months or so again, and unfortunately, that lovely young lady I saw there last time quit.I made an appointment (something I rarely do because my schedule changes a lot) a few weeks ahead of time and they sat me with a guy who looked unkempt. His hair was a mess and he looked more like a plumber than a hairdresser at a salon. However, looks can be deceiving, one of the best haircuts I ever got was from a woman who had hair like Betsy Johnson, so I wasn't too put off. I knew exactly the haircut I wanted and had pictures from all sides and perspectives so he could grasp the concept. Once he was done, it did indeed look like the pictures, not spot on, but pretty close - looking. The whole haircut fell apart the next day when there was not way, without the aid of TONS of product, to recreate the look. The hair on top was too long for the style, and the sides were uneven. I was completely disappointed, which is too bad since this salon is very close to me, it is clean and the place has lot's of potential.Overall: The first was that they never informed me that the original hairdresser I saw was no longer working there, and never asked me about any preference for another stylist. To add, I don't think any of the people in the picture above still work at this place!Second, I don't think the stylist I had listened to what I was saying. I wanted an easy to style cut, and the one I did show him should have been easy. I also told him that short short is not a problem, I like my hair short, it's easier and edgier.
