5	Newly opened and worth the wait!  Sugar's has all the sweets that one could want.  Big favorites are the cinnamon rolls and sticky buns.  The various cookies and cupcakes are really more than I can take .. super yummy.  Make sure you take home a bag of the Avanti Rolls ... you will be happy that you did.The decor is like no other.  You have to see it to believe it ...beautifully done, warm, comfortable and cute.Everything is made on the premises ... so everything is fresh and delicious.  I love this place.
2	I was disappointed - mostly because I really wanted to like this place and would like these types of businesses to succeed.The interior was obviously decorated with love and the overall effect is quite charming.  There is a very cute little-kids' corner with miniature chairs and books.  The other seating area had a coffee table, a sofa and a few upholstered chairs.  This looked great, but I was hesitant to eat my selection here.  It is difficult to eat a messy pastry balanced on your lap on a sofa or bending over a coffee table.The selections of baked goods looked to be of the type you would expect your grandmother to make.  Very homey.  This is good if you don't cook yourself and you crave something from your childhood, however, many of the items looked homemade to the point of being broken or crumbly.I selected a cinnamon roll and a coffee.  I would have gone for the latte, but it appeared to be the type that comes out of a machine pre-made, no espresso machine or milk frother in sight.When I got home, I sliced the cinnamon roll open to add butter and found a large portion of the center was not baked, in fact it was doughy to the point of being almost raw.  Because the business is new, I thought they would want to know and prevent this from happening to other customers, also, I still wanted to try one of their sweets.  So, I got back in the car and drove to the store, it was then well past breakfast time.I showed the uneaten roll to the young woman at the counter and explained I didn't need a refund, just a piece of coffeecake instead.  She was pleasant and made the exchange, though I had selected a less expensive item and perhaps should have requested a cookie for my troubles.I asked for the apple coffeecake.  When I tried this one I detected no noticeable apple flavor or texture.  The coffeecake was a bit dry around the edges, I think perhaps it had been made the day before or maybe wasn't wrapped well.  The coffee was a little weaker than I usually make for myself.  I would not want to see this place fail, so I wish them luck and hope they do well.  However, I am not likely to go back.
2	The pastries are pretty solid, atmosphere was great - kitschy &amp; cute... But I was not impressed by the cupcakes. I tried the vanilla/vanilla. It was dry, very heavy, topped with too sweet vanilla frosting, and one too many sprinkles.All in all... Great for a morning pastry, but lacking in the cupcake department.
3	I came here looking for an alternative to Mad Hatter's Cupcakes on Grand Canyon and found this place on yelp. I drove over here and tried a little bit of everything:- The shortbread cookes: 2 for $1.25. They were good, but not worth the price.- Red Velvet cupcake: $2.50 a cupcake. This place is big on frosting and piles it high. The frosting itself is a bit sour (maybe intentionally) and way too sweet, and the cake is a bit dry for my tastes.- Coconut cupcake: I liked this more than red velvet because you could really taste the coconut but once again, the same frosting was applied and it made me like it less.- Zucchini Pineapple Bread: My brother really liked this bread. It's $2.00 for a slice and it's a dark colored bread that tastes like fruitcake. It's got spices and raisins in it. I would rate it okay, nothing special.- Hawiian Wedding Cookie: My personal favorite is this crumbly, coconut cookie with powdered sugar. I think it was $1.50 each. It was a bit dry but I liked the texture and taste. Wish it was bigger for the price though.Bought one of everything plus two of each cupcake listed and spent $17.50.The interior is way too pink but the food's okay. For cupcakes, I'm sticking to Mad Hatter.
1	I have never written a review for anything. This place is awful! The cupcakes are completely dry. The cookies are bland. I have had better treats from 7-11. Try Mad Hatter.. they're amazing. For cookies... anywhere just not here!
5	I've never had anything bad here! Very cute place with polite employees. It's a little strange when it is your first time there and when you place your order they don't pull it from the display case, they go to the back (kitchen) and grab your stuff, this is how they always do it though! I always stop and get goodies here when on this side of town!
3	My sweet tooth was acting up today and I decided to stop at Sugars.  It's about a mile from home - almost too convenient.  I got two cupcakes, the Red Velvet and the Carrot cake.  The icing ratio on the Red Velvet was fine, and the icing was tasty.  On the other hand, the Carrot cake with cream cheese frosting and filling was quite sweet.  Mind you, my sweet tooth didn't care, but it could have been toned down a bit.  The cream cheese filling was so heavy the cupcake was split in half and I couldn't pick it up without it breaking into two pieces.The cupcakes were baked correctly and they were moist.  Except for the filling of the carrot cake cupcake, everything was fine. I think they're a bit pricey at $2.50 each for a rather small cupcake.  I won't be here often, but maybe now and then for a fix will be fine.
3	Have you ever walked inside of a pink cupcake?  This bakery is very cute, and a great spot for the little ones.  The walls are pink, and there are photos on the wall of customers enjoying baked goods.  For all four three times I've been here, the staff has been super friendly and nice. The food:I have yet to really enjoy a cupcake from here.  They aren't bad, but they haven't been impressive either.  I've found the cakes to be on the dry side, and the frosting to be subtle in flavor.  The red velvet is the best one I've had so far.What I like here very much are the cookies.  They have very delicious cookies here.  They also rotate the flavors, so you won't find the same old thing every visit.  My favorite was what I had this last weekend:  A pumpkin cookie with icing.  Mmm Mmmm, Jack-O-licious!!  Soft without being raw, creamy without being too heavy.  I hear there are a few really good bakeries in town, and I've been to a few bad ones.  Sugars is family friendly, and while they don't execute everything masterfully, there are plenty of delicious reasons to stop by and enjoy something sweet.
5	The cinnamon rolls are absolutely divine.  50 or so seconds in the microwave and you will be in heaven!The staff here is super nice and helpful.  They sell cute little tiny cupcakes for those that are on a diet.  And when Fukuburger visited their parking lot, they made Fukuburger cookies!  Fun!
5	O lord,we've been once after school, and loved it!Tried a smorgasbord...halloween sugar cookies, slice of sugar free pumpkin bread, pumpkin cookies,white chocolate cranberry cookies,and fresh warm choc chip cookies. Everything was amazing and exciting to eat. I felt like a kid in a candy store. The place is decorated really neat-with a couch to enjoy your goodies. I do believe they also serve coffees and make wedding cakes.great prices, btw.
5	I come here a lot. When u walk in, u have a nice cozy feeling. It smells so divine!  The bakery is decorated contemporary  in pink & brown.  I'm sure all the girls fall in love w/ the place when they walk in.  I know my 3 year old niece did. It's so cute in there! Even the bathroom's so cute decorated in pink.  The ladies, Sharon & Jen are sweeter than the name of their bakery. Excellent customer service!  Every time I come in, I don't know what to get because everything looks pretty amazing. Luckily these sweet ladies are very nice & eager to help u choose the best & fresh dessert for u. I love the chocolate pecan bars, zucchini bread & Mexican wedding cookies. So far, they're my favorites but I still have yet to try some other yummy looking goodies. Last Friday, I ordered a tres leches birthday cake for my son's birthday & it was soooo delicious. Perfect amount of sweetness & moist in the middle. Yum! People came back for seconds & of course it was gone in mins. The guest at the party were still talking about it. My sister ordered the strawberry hello kitty cake for her daughter's birthday 2 days later & it was good too. Of course my favorite was the tres leches. It tasted so good w/ fresh fruit toppings. I'm in love w/ this bakery! Can't wait to go back for more:-)
4	Stepping into this bakery made me feel like a little girl again! The interior is pink and brown with very cute decorations, just like a room I would have loved to spend time in as a kid!I came in a little over an hour after they had opened. They didn't seem to have much of a selection at the time, probably because I was there pretty early. I purchased:Cinnamon Roll: these are huge! I probably should have eaten this right after I got home, but it was still good the next morning after heating it up in the microwave. I feel that they could have cut down on the icing.Lemon Cream Cheese and Vanilla Cupcakes: Yum!! The cakes were moist and they didn't go overboard with the frosting. Cute decorations, I just wish they were bigger. The Lemon Cream Cheese is my favorite!Sugar Cookie: Nothing special, but pretty good. The icing made it a bit too sweet. I wanted to buy a macaroon, but the woman who was helping me said that they only had one flavor, which was Almond , so I passed on it. She was friendly and patient as I took a while to pick out what I wanted. The cool thing is they grab your items from the back and I even saw them putting the frosting on my cupcakes. I think I finally found my new home for cupcakes!! Yay!! I'll be back for sure. Hopefully there will be more of a selection next time!
4	The decor of this place is super cute and the cupcakes that I tried were fresh and excellent. I was a little nervous from the appearance of the cupcakes in the case. But those turned out to be just display and the really nice cashier went and got fresh ones from the back. The red velvet and black bottom were awesome. Definitely will be back.
4	I used to live right down the street from this bakery and I still try and stop whenever I'm on their side of town because those Scootcheroos are so awesome.   Butterscotch flavored rice crispy treats topped with a peanut butter chocolate ganache.  I always get a chocolate pecan bar as well. It tastes like a yummy pecan pie but with chocolate chips in it.  They have many other offerings as well including buckeyes which are peanut butter balls dipped in chocolate and cupcakes, cookies, breads, froot loop treats ( like rice crispy treats), and other standard bakery stuff. The cookies are a little pricey to me, but the shortbread is good,  I bought a chocolate banana loaf last time I stopped and it was moist and tasty. I'd recommend if your in the area to stop by and at least try a scotcheroo. Trust me, you'll be back.
4	I've never actually been in the store, but I buy their baked good all the time at the farmers market at Bruce Trent park.  Almost always get a loaf of banana nut for $3.  Next week the lady said she'd bring gingerbread!  AWESOME!
2	I came to Sugar's after work to pick up some treats for my husband's birthday. The selection was limited compared to the Cupcakery. The cupcakes here are a little cheaper though. I know that they probably don't want to over bake but I think it can be hurtful for business.  If someone comes in and find slim offerings they may think twice about coming back. I chose a vanilla ,chocolate and a red velvet cupcake. I also picked up some chocolate chip cookies and a Mexican Wedding Cake Cookie.The cupcakes were a bit on the dry side. The item that stood out the most was the Mexican Wedding Cake Cookie. That is something unique that I don't see everywhere.
5	Sugar's really saved the day!   We needed a special cake last minute and remembered Sugar's.  normally for a cake like we got you need a 2-3 day lead time.  Vicky & Sharon came through like none of the other bakeries we called in Las Vegas.  Not only were they friendly and went the extra mile to help us out last minute but the red velvet w/ cream cheese frosting in our soccer ball cake was delicious.  I can't thank them enough and will use them anytime I need a cake for something special.  Thanks girls you really saved the day by delivering a creative and delicious cake.
5	Still my go to place for delicious cakes, cookies, cupcakes and anything sweet!Their cakes are fabulous ... if you can dream it, they can make it.  Gorgeous AND yummy!My stand-by's are still:  Pumpkin break and red velvet cupcakes.  My son loves their chocolate covered strawberries, banana nut bread and snickerdoodles.I just tried their carrot cake and it is my new favorite.You just can't go wrong with Sugar's!LOVE. THIS. PLACE.
3	For those living or visiting the other side of town, you can find a selection of Sugar's baked goods at the Sunday farmers market in the Sansoni Plaza on Eastern Avenue. We stopped and were surprised by the wide variety of mini loaves of bread that we being offered at only $3 each. After much consideration and debate, my wife and I chose a loaf of raspberry cream cheese bread that we planned on eating the following morning for breakfast. The bread was fresh and tasty, but it was more like a dessert than we expected. Next time we will try a loaf of either the pumpkin or banana breads.
5	I love this place! It opens at 8am which is awesome if you need to pick up goodies before work like I did. Everything tastes so yummy & fresh. I highly recommend the red velvet cupcakes. She even sprinkled edible glitter on it. Adorable!!
5	I stopped in for tons of cookies, cupcakes and loaves.  Everything was soooo delicious, but my absolutely favorite is the Pumpkin Chocolate Chip Loaf.  Phenomenal!
5	Excellent greeting and service. I ordered items for an upcoming meeting, I will update after the meeting!
5	I have been in several time for different reasons, and each time I am impressed with the service and the quality of the baked goods! Excellent business!
3	First time being here, and the customer service was great. I order a ham and cheese croissant sandwich. Didn't take them long to make. But when I wasn't completely satisfied. The croissant was hard. And I jus got turned off from the whole thing. But I should of known, it's a bakery not a subway. So next time I'm going go and see what they have to offer in the sweet depart.
4	Birthday cake for my nieces birthday. Cake was fresh with beautiful strawberries in the middle, I ordered a few days before over the phone, told them the colors I was looking for and a general idea of what she wanted and they came up with a beautiful cake. I am not usually a fan of fondant decorations but totally perfect amount to carry the decorations and my niece was very happy. It was very sweet I think next time I might not do butter cream but thats a personal preference.
4	This is a review for their cookies only....I'm back on my cookie craving and my husband was sweet enough to bring me home some cookies from Sugar's on a Friday night. They close at 5 though so you can't come after work if you work till 5.Verdict: Big cookies (about the size of my hand) and it was 4 cookies for $5. Cookies were crunchy on the outside but soft in the middle. I'm sure they weren't cookies that just came right out of the oven since it was close to closing time but it did a fairly good job of satisfying my cookie craving.  Chocolate chip, oatmeal raisin and M and M cookie were all delicious. I definitely will be back.
