4	I remember Krispy Kreme from the Twin Cities. The donuts are terrific BUT way too pricey. I payed over $5.00 for two donuts and a cup of not too great coffee. Great donuts, bad coffee, high prices.
3	We all know that krispy kreme's are prone to inducing Homer Simpson-like drooling at the mere thought of their warm, sugary coated goodness. However this particular location could not be filled with more inept staffers and is the sole reason I go here when I'm truly desperate. Came through the drive through one saturday mid-morning and had an experience that went like this: Me: "Yes, I'd like to order half a dozen original glazed donuts and a dr. pepper"Them: OK, what would you like for your other half?Me: No, I just want 6 donuts and a dr. pepper pleaseThem : Oh OK! Pull aroundMe - Pull around, I am handed 3 donuts. No soda - " Oh, I actually ordered 6 donuts and a dr. pepper"Them: Oh, sorry, let me get those for you. (Hands me 4 donuts, no dr. pepper)Me: "What about the dr. pepper?" Them: "Oh! We don't have dr. pepper! I know our menu says we do, but we don't. How about a pepsi?"Me - defeated, I smack hand to forehead and utter "Forget it" Oy Vey!The other thing to know is that they do not fry the donuts here themselves. Apparently they're shipped in un-iced from milwaukee. They're iced locally. So, chances of getting the melt in your mouth warm donut is a little slimmer at this location.
3	I like the donuts and I do like the coffee but the prices are definitely too high.  Go to Greenbush on Regent instead.  You get a 1/2 dozen donuts for $5 and they are de-lish!  True, they don't have the hours like KK but all donuts are made on site.  Hope this helps.
5	The only thing I like about chains: consistency.At a buck per doughnut it is steeper than what's offered elsewhere. This location has a drive through-not sure how I feel about that. I mean you should at least get out of your car and walk up to get your doughnut, but that's just a personal opinion. If it's working I guess people want it and maybe some Yelpers will be interested to know that.
1	Knocking them down a couple of stars.  I just want to order from your damn take out, I don't want to be asked "how many dozen do you want"  Who wants dozens of doughnuts?  I don't want to be upsold to get to a dozen.  We recently ordered 4 doughnuts and they attempted twide to get me to buy a dozen.  I said no twice  - what don't you understand.  I can't see going back in the near future.  It is not worth the frustrateing expience to order and I felt we were way over charged.  We paid $4.40 for four doughnuts.  Not a good value or buying experience...
4	A free doughnut and drink for your birthday... you bet I am a fan.  The Key Lime Cheesecake doughnut was delicious.
3	9/3/13 Work supplied an assortment of Krispy Kreme doughnuts.  I fought them off all morning and then broke in the afternoon.  I ended up eating three (a classic sugar dusted, a lemon filled, and a glazed blueberry).  I'm still feeling fat.  ;-)
4	Ahhh, these are the best donuts around!   The only negative about this place is they are not made there.   So, they are not nice and warm.   But, they were Krispy Kreme donuts.   The service was good and I was greated right away.   I will enjoy another donut, soon!   Oh, don't forget the hot coffee.   Warms you up on our cold winter mornings!
