5	I had a root canal done by Dr. McClammy six months ago and I was very impressed by him and his staff. Unfortunately, I've needed root canals in the past that weren't the most pleasant experiences, so I felt dread when a molar with an old crown started to show symptoms. My general dentist referred me to Dr. McClammy who did an excellent job on my tooth and best of all the root canal was completely PAINLESS! I returned today for a routine follow up,  and Christin was very warm and professional.The office is beautiful and serene. The exam chair faced a wall of windows looking out onto a picturesque landscape. The staff are kind and respectful and obviously accustomed to anxious patients. They use 3d digital X-rays and other advanced technology. I hope I won't be needing another root canal in the future but if I do, I won't hesitate to return to Dr. McClammy.
5	My general dentist had referred me to Dr. Mclammy and after the first root canal treatment, i thought I'd never see him again but I've had a misfortune of needing 2 more root canals in less than 2 years. I was actually happy to be seeing Dr.  Mclammy again. He's funny, kind and most of all,  a very good endodontist.  The office is equipped with state of the art gear and Dr. Mclammy is an experienced dentist who really knows his stuff. Administrative staff will work with your insurance and also very kind.  The office is conveniently located and very nice (good furniture,  good lighting,  very welcoming, comfortable environment).  Everyone at North Scottsdale endodontist is very caring, kind,  and accommodates patient's need. All three of my root canal treatments were as painless as they could be and i highly recommend this place for all your root canal therapy needs.
5	Nobody wants a root canal, but Dr. Trond Hegle and his amazing staff made the visit to North Scottsdale Endodontics the best experience I have ever had in a dental office!!!  Dr. Hegle exudes compassion.  He took his time answering all my questions, and explained the procedure down to the smallest detail.  The technology in this office was beyond my wildest dreams: they take a 3-dimensional x-ray of your tooth before the treatment, and it's the coolest thing.  The root canal itself was completely pain free.  I had no pain after the procedure, and Dr. Hegle even called me personally the same night to make sure I was doing well after the treatment.  I would recommend Dr. Hegle and North Scottsdale Endodontics to anyone who is in need of a root canal!
