5	I like the food at Subway, but I don't like tiny, wobbly tables, so I don't usually go to them.  A couple of days ago I happened to walk past this one & hey, they have BOOTHS in there!  I made it a point to return today, & here's the report:I had a bowl of their tasty Roasted Chicken Noodle Soup, a foot long Subway Melt, & a 20 oz. bottle of Minute Maid Lemonade.  My sandwich was piled up with turkey, ham, bacon, pepper jack cheese & lots of veggies.  It was REALLY GOOD, & this was a very serious lunch at $7.30 for everything!!      :-))
5	I went to subway to eat today.  It was during the lunch hour rush.  They were very speedy - i ordered 3- 6" subs.  Everything was cooked and made perfectly.  3 sandwiches in about 5 minutes or less.  VERY FAST.  I did feel bad for the guy making the sandwich, he seemed to be taking on most of the load, maybe the girl was new?  Highly recommend the place - it was clean and fast. you can't ask for much more from a Subway.
1	This is a great sub place if you like subs made with pre-sliced, bucketed meat on crumbly, stale bread that disintegrates when touched by vinegar or tomatoes, or just by taking a bite.  In a word: DISGUSTING.  Good service, though, can't complain about that.  Sadly, that's not enough for me to give this place more than one star (although it really deserves zero).
1	Ew. The only sub worth getting here is the meatball. Even then, just go 'round the corner to Jersey Mike's and get yourself a sub with fresh ingredients. Where they don't stiff you on the extra veggies.
1	Literally worst Subway I have ever been too. Bedsides not being greeted at all to waiting for some to help me. I didn't know what to do? I asked if they were still open it was about 9pm they were busy cleaning. I felt rushed uninvited. Didn't have soup either. Some employees in uniform and some not in uniform. No more Subway for me at least not this location. I just moved to Laveen!
1	They don't have the usual great subway service that you would expect from a subway. Ive been in multiple tines and employees have not had a uniform. No great and they are mean when attend to you. I recommend the service at jersey mikes better.
