5	I happened to find this place on its opening night in Vegas. The staff are exceptionally friendly, from the host at the front door to the bartender and other waitstaff. Felt right at home for this Mississippi-born girl. I ordered a bowl of the gumbo and was greeted by a wide bowl with two perfect mounds of rice surrounded by delicious sausage and shrimp gumbo. Spicy, but not too much for me. I also had a Delta Sunset margarita, which has a bit of a raspberry taste. Tasty! The drink is mixed right in front of you if you sit at the bar. There's great decor from old license plates, film stills from the movie Forrest Gump, and other reminders of Southern culture. Also, a gift shop on the lower level with elevator access to the restaurant for those who cannot walk up the stairs. Smiles all around!
5	Go for the food and service...stay and drink looking at the incredible view.  Bubba's is a casual dinning experience with a Five Star view adding the feel of a very special experience.  My Cocount Shrimp could not have been better and my husband ate every piece of his Gumbo.  He said the spice kick was just the right amount.  When the dish came and he saw how much was there he thought he could never finish -- but kept playing the "just one more taste" until it was all gone!
4	First time at Bubba Gumps and it was quite an experience. I really enjoyed it, surprisingly. They have a ton of chachski on the walls.. You never know quite where to look but the staff is exceptional. We had a small wait and to keep the patrons from getting antsy they quiz you on Forrest Gump trivia. I'm a quiz/puzzle person so personally I had a bunch of fun. I felt their pricing was a bit over charged but its on the heart of the strip so its too be expected but otherwise.. all was good.. If they had a more convenient location I could see myself as a local going more. The food wasn't bad not was it exceptional so it isn't a restaurant I would go out of my way for but if im in the area again, i'd go back...
5	Went there on a Saturday @ 11:30 a.m or so. So it was good I beat the crowds.The first thing I noticed was the smell and look of a new building, thats always a plus. They have plenty of space there and the design worked with the location hovering over the strip. The interior stayed true to the theme of the restaurant.We had a great waitress, I forgot her name but it was evident she enjoyed her job and was truly happy to work there. The gumbo, EXCELLENT. Even the waitress said "Bet you wish you ordered the large". LOL. I had the cup. Beautiful arrangement and quite a bit of sausage and fish. I destroyed it in about 5 minutes. I recommend anyone reading this to try it. Had the seafood feast, The fish and shrimp, very tasty. Light and with flavor and not that heavy grease aftertaste as you would have in some places. Seasoned just right. Now some would say that it didn't have enough seasoning to the batter but I think it is just enough to where you don't overwhelm the taste of the actual fish and shrimp.  Try it. I would recommend trying every incarnation of shrimp they serve. I have my sites set on the Shrimpers feast next..Cloe slaw- cut fresh as you order it, not drenched in mayo. +5Only thing the jury is out on, and probably because of my own tastes...the hush puppies. I like the more flavorful ones,like at Long John Silvers...if you try both you'll know what I mean. But not work deducting a star, When your main course is good, who cares about the side piece. My biggest endorsement is that Gumbo, TRY it....You wont be disappointing. Well done Bubba!
1	This restaurant is not open until 1am on Friday as shown here.  The manager said the kitchen closes at 12, so if you are looking for a late night place to eat, go elsewhere.  I told the employees at the front about it being advertised on the web site as being open until 1am and they said "We have a web site?"  Stupid is as stupid does!!!
3	I worked at the Bubba Gump in Kailua Kona, HI; so I have been in love ever since and was Extremely happy they opened one in Las Vegas, NV. So my husband and I went for dinner on Friday evening. Location:  Is perfect if you ask me, the outside balcony seating that over looks the strip is great. They have the same Forrest Gump memorabilia everywhere. Only thing I didn't like was the entrance to (well all the people), you get to the front where there is a booth and the hostess radios how many (fine) they direct you through the gift shop up the stair (OK) there is a guy that tells you to enjoy your meal at the bottom of the stairs (nice) then you get to the top of the stairs where a person then tells you to follow the yellow smiley faces to another set of hostess. (at that point too much) which from there you are finally seated. I think they should have the booth out front and then one at the top of the stairs. Food & Service: Our server was amazing and very nice, while we waited they did the traditional trivia of the movie Forrest Gump. The food we got the Crab Stuffed Mushrooms for an appetizer, they were good but the pan was hotter than the inside of my crab. It was tasty but could have been better, next time we'll get something different. I got the Jambalaya (which the server tells me its the spiciest thing on the menu) of course I'm like that's fine (thinking everyone has their own version of spicy) it was spicy but it wasn't too hot where I couldn't eat it; YUMMY! I wanted the Gumbo but didn't see it on the menu and over heard another waitress say they didn't have it. My husband got the Accidental Fish and Shrimp (the fish is Mahi Mahi) it was delicious as well, the fish was cooked perfectly. We ended up splitting each others dishes (half and half) that's how good both were.  All in all very pleased with the experience and would come back, I only gave it three stars because I really wanted that Gumbo, the Entry felt like I was preparing to go on a ride, and I guess the food wasn't exactly how I remember from Hawaii.
5	This is my favorite theme restaurant everywhere- been to the Oahu (the most visited one), Maui, Anaheim, and San Francisco locations, and finally here! I was wondering when one of these would come to town- what took so long?! I'm a Landry Select Club member, so I can easily rack up more points for rewards (spend $250, get $25 in card credit). This one is located next to the Miracle Mile Shops, so here are your options: park at Valet at Todai or park at the Planet Hollywood's Miracle Mile Shops parking garage- enter the shopping center but exit out of the Todai side, and take the escalators or in our case, the elevator- we're parents now, so we're pushing a stroller. From here, a host will direct you. You will go through the store, into the elevator and up to the 3rd floor. From here, the host will seat you. It wasn't that busy, for lunch on a saturday, but then again, it's still new. New, clean, featuring memorabilia from the movie, seems a little smaller compared to the other locations, but the ambiance feature is this one is overlooking the popular Strip. There were some patrons outside, but it was too cold for us, plus, our two-month old baby. There were some tables  with chairs and booths (the booth was too small for us- we had a stroller). I can't comment on the bathrooms since I didn't leave the table. On to the food, the "Run Across America Sampler"- hush puppies, artichoke dip and chips, spicy chicken, fried shrimp, and peel 'n eat shrimp, is our absolute favorite. The price was $15.99, slightly higher than the last time but maybe the prices have gone up since then (last year- Oahu). This one never disappoints- we always split it. My husband really loves the hush puppies, it's his favorite. Mine is probably the chicken. I got the strawberry speckled lemonade at $5.99- refills are 99 cents. (Similar to Red Robin's lemonade.) The Ice Cream Caramel Spice Cake was phenomenal! This was $8.99, but well worth it. We've had the other ones in the past-  the bread pudding, strawberry shortcake, and the cookie sundae, but this one is specific to Las Vegas- it's new. I'm pretty sure we are getting this dessert again. It seems like a seasonal flavor combination, but really, you could have this all-year round. The server was really nice, and the service was pretty good, too. We got to ask the server questions about the movie. The manager stopped by to see how we were doing. He even changed out my wobbly chair. My husband thinks that this takes away from when we go out of town, because we always include this place in our must-haves/must-eats, but I really like that it is finally here, where we live. I hope that this place does well. Las Vegas and certain restaurants do not always mesh (except mexican restaurants seem to pop up when space opens up). And I intend on getting a shirt at some point, even though I live here. We were pretty stuffed and needed to walk around the mall to get a little more comfortable.
4	I stopped by this relatively new place on The Strip today after lunch because I had a business meeting nearby. I was shocked at how the interior space is utilized so well on The Strip in this location at the corner of Harmon Avenue. The entire place conveys a fun and engaging theme. The view of The Strip from the outdoor balcony is sufficiently impressive to warrant your dining or drinking here just for that experience.I had New Orleans Shrimp and a dark beer I'd never heard of with a marketing nightmare of a name, Moose Drool Brown Ale. Turns out the beer is excellent in spite of the crazy name, and I will order it again. And oh yes, the New Orleans Shrimp was delicious and, to be honest, this dish exceeded my expectations because of the seasoning and presentation. This place comes across as well conceived and executed with smart management and an excellent staff.
4	Bubba Gump Shrimp has arrived in Vegas! Last Saturday, I arrived on the Strip to dine in Bubba Gump.      I have been to Bubba Gump Shrimp as a tourist in New Orleans and Chicago. I had been waiting for the grand opening of their Las Vegas vacation. Last Saturday the wait was over.    Bubba Gump Shrimp is located in the new mall that opened up on the northeast corner of Las Vegas Boulevard at Harmon Avenue in the shadow of Planet Hollywood. It is a second level tenant with pedestrian traffic from  two strip pedestrian overpasses. Currently it is easy to find because a lady is advertising it to passersby. At the entrance is the menu. I appreciate it when restaurants have the menu at the entrance. I prefer to have an idea of what I want to order before I step inside a restaurant. Once we decided what to order,entered through the edge of the Bubba Gump Shrimp Gift Shop. The woman greeter nicely directed us upstairs. Once upstairs, we were directed to stand on a cue of circles in a waiting area of the restaurant proper. If you have waited to ride on Disney Land's Star Tour's ride, this is a similar arrangement. Inside the restaurant, there is a spectacular view of the Cosmopolitan. When the weather is nice, the balcony seats overlooking the Cosmopolitan is a prime dining spot. The weather was cool and we sat in the general Forest Gump themed dining area.   If you have never been to Bubba Gump Shrimp, they have a neat gimmick. On the table is a sign that you flip. If you want service, I believe you set it to "Stop Forest" and if you don't need service, I believe you set it to "Run Forest Run."   If I was in vacation state of mind, I would of spent $21.99 on the Shrimper's Heaven. I was in a budget state of mind. Bubba Gump Shrimp is a reasonable option if you are on a budget on the Strip. I ordered the Shrimp Po' Boy sandwich with fries and bottomless Coke. After a tip, the dinner came to $22. Not bad!   I have a minor complaint, which is the waitress up selling a restaurant card. When the waitress sat next to us, my instinct was that she was not a die hard Forest Gump fan that wanted to share with the world that Forest Gump played football and that he was from Alabama. When I am eating out, I do not care if Forest Gump was wearing no sneakers in a scene or that football was a sport he played. I want to relax! By the time I am eating I have passed enough people in the hotels trying to sell me time shares. Fast forward to when we were walking out, they were advertising sales at the gift shop. In other respects, the waitresses were friendly and served with an urgency.   Most likely I will return to Bubba Gump. If I am in a tourist state of mind, I will relive my past vacations with Bubba Gump's Shrimper's Heaven.
3	Let me preface this by saying  I DON'T LIKE SEAFOOD. I wish i was so enamored with it that I could destroy a bucket of shrimp and be happy about it, but I cain't. I just cain't.Okay -- now that that's done, I can confidently tell you that the solid 3 stars is only based on the service. The food left a bit to be desired. WIth all of the seafood buffet opportunities, I think that this BG cannot afford mediocrity. We were greeted on the first floor by the hostess, who ushered us into the store and up the stairs. There was a short wait, then we were seated. I can imagine this place when it's busy, and I definitely do NOT want to be waiting on the stairs, my man. Our waitress was entertaining and gregarious. She was also very attentive to our table and got us whatever we needed, which was nice. My friend had the fish and chips. The chips were good. Not many places can ruin fries - no worries there. But the "fish?" Boo. WAAAAAAAAAAAY too much breading, she could barely find the meat!Fun fact: you tell the waitstaff that you need help by flipping over the license plate signs to the RED side. This lets your waiter know that you are ready for service or you have a concern/question. They'll tell you that, " you're in the drivers' seat." I see what they did there. I got the burger. It was really good, but nothing spectacular. It kept well, but I was not too happy about the price tag. I believe there was only one option for a burger, so I was sour that I felt overcharged to add cheese to the burger. And what is a burger without cheese? WHAT. IS IT?The outside seating looked pretty appealing, but it was definitely chilly considering the temperature had dipped down into the 50s. and for the desert during midday, that was a little too CRISPin Glover for me. If you know you're about to get the chili's rate seafood experience, then you will not be dissapointed. As my friend pointed out, she would have liked more fish with her breading. From what I saw her pick off, it was an accurate assessment of the FISHuation. ...that kind of worked.
2	My momma always said, "Life was like a box of chocolates. You never know what you're gonna get."Well, no... actually Forrest Gump said that. MY momma always said, "For God's sake, Ryan, why can't you put down that Nintendo controller and play outside with the rest of the NORMAL kids? And what the hell are you wearing all that TINFOIL on your head for?"No, Forrest Gump was the one who talked about chocolates, and Bubba always talked about shrimp, hence, we now have the chain of the Bubba Gump Shrimp Co. restaurants. They're all over in touristy spots, and the Seestur raves about the one in Anaheim in Gardenwalk. She even sports the sweatshirt proudly. This from a girl who would practically retch if she even got near seafood.So boy, howdy, was I excited to see that there was going to be a Bubba Gump Shrimp Co. on the Las Vegas Strip. So excited, that I didn't even care it was located mere steps from the horrifying (to me) Goretorium. I was going to brave the danger and go to Bubba Gump, and if one of the evil scary monsters from Goretorium and/or one of the sleazy porno-card giver-outers on the corner of Harmon and the Strip came after me, well, by God I would buy fresh boxers from the Bubba Gump store.If life is like a box of chocolates, I should have tried poking the bottom of the candies before coming here. I got stuck with that one everyone else dodges. You know, the one with the pink cream-ish center that's supposedly cherry or raspberry but tastes more like Pepto Bismol.Las Vegans hardly need a reason to celebrate but we find them anyway, and as I had just been unceremoniously and hurriedly booted out the door by my former employer, ironically who stood across the street from Harmon Corner and rhymed with "Bosmopolitan," I decided to have a little "New Beginnings/I Got Fired" dinner at Bubba Gump's.Figuring I was the last one there (as I usually am) and not wanting a demon to jump out of the Goretorium and eat my soul, I asked one of the store clerks, "So... I'm in the store... but where's the restaurant?" She smiled and directed me up the stairs toward the back of the store. A sign or something would have been nice.I headed up the stairs, where I was actually first, gathered the party, and we were seated. They explained the license plates on the table that say "Run, Forrest, Run!" and "Stop, Forrest, Stop!" which I thought was a cute touch.The crew was stellar. Our main waitress was super bubbly and thrilled when she heard we were all locals (like, apparently they had not been frequenting the place... what a shock no locals on the Strip). She was very attentive to our needs, to the point where we never really needed our "Run/Stop" plates on our table. She even regaled us with ghost stories in nearby mining towns. So despite whatever else I say in this review, the staff was great and should be commended.And with that being said... well... We started with a round of drinks. Since it was my firing party, I was ready for something nice and strong, so I went with Bubba's Blue Hawaiian: vodka, rum, gin, Blue Curacao, pineapple juice and Sierra Mist, yes, please, come to DADDY! The menu says $8.99, but don't be fooled! That doesn't include your collectible Bubba Gump glass, so you're more looking at $13. You have to specifically ask to NOT get the collectible glass, whereas I think it should be the other way around. But the drink was pretty good. Not quite an AMF, so it won't belt you on your ass, but not a totally tame drink either.Dinner came around, and I have to say I was gravely disappointed with my dinner.  I got the Shrimper's Heaven, which along with french fries came with Fried Shrimp, "Chilly Shrimp," Coconut Shrimp, and Shrimp Tempura, along with three sauces: Asian, cocktail, and a Cajun sauce that reminded me more of orange marmalade.I started with the "Chilly Shrimp," which I thought was just going to be cold shrimp like you might find in a shrimp cocktail. No, in fact, that is wrong. "Chilly Shrimp" is Bubba Gump's version of "Peel-n-Eat Shrimp," which means the shrimp is cooked inside its shell. Yes, shrimp have shells, and shrimp have legs, which took that portion of the dinner from "tasty seafood morsel" to "creature that used to be alive, probably leaving behind a family he supported and a shrimp company job that will have to do some PR work to explain his disappearance and he was probably named Charles." I can't eat things that could probably be named Charles. So there's a quarter of the dinner shot down.The rest was tolerable. The coconut shrimp and fried shrimp were kind of dry, but the shrimp tempura was fine.What wasn't fine was the bill: for JUST that and the drink, after gratuity I was paying $55 BY MYSELF. People, I just got fired! Just because I was paid out my vacation pay doesn't mean I need to be spending it all on dinner! I'll stick with Lazy Joe's for some good, affordable shrimp from now on.I guess stupid really is as stupid does.
3	Ok Ok, at first I was bummed about going to a "chain" restaurant in Vegas but I was wrong, it was pretty darn awesome!I'm a tourist, I bought the Las Vegas Bubba Gump glass my drink came in, it came with a plastic cocktail shaker too!Ok, onto the foodFries were Awesome, with the sauces. The Calamari lil soggy.Shrimp Gumbo, Yum!Seafood Paella, Wow! Delicious! PACKED with seafood and packed quite a punch! Spicy! But not too spicy so you can't taste, but pretty close, Mmm! Loved it!And that drink everyone talked about - Great! Bit sweet but that's to be expected, it's a fruity frozen cocktail. I don't know if I'd run back here given all the other choices in Vegas on and off strip, but i would definitely not be disappointed if this was the chosen dinner venue again.
3	Great location, glad this place is finally open.As a single diner, I sat at the bar.  I ordered a shrimp po boy with the fries.  This sandwich was huge.  In fact, the sandwich was served open faced as it was so large. The shrimp is deep fried and good, though not great.  Could use some southern seasoning. The fries are just typical.  I figured, if I am going to get full eating this meal, I am taking down the sandwich and avoiding the fries. Glad I did, I was stuffed by the time I finished the sandwich.My waiter/bartender was Korey. Very nice guy. Good service and friendly. After my meal, I took a walk around the restaurant.  Great decor of Forrest Gump memorabilia, as in all Bubba Gump restaurants.  Went out to the balcony and there is a nice view of the Strip.
5	I love Bubba Gump's! I'm originally from California so when I saw that they were opening a location here in Las Vegas, I was stoked. I finally visited over the weekend and my first visit to this location was great! At first we sat down at a table in the inside but we had been walking around prior to coming in so we felt too warm, we asked if we could be moved outside and without any hesitation, they said yes! The view is gorgeous from outside! All our food was delicious, I got Lt. Dan's Drunken Shrimp, it was seasoned just right! On the plus, I got a free Shaker with my drink purchase! I highly recommend them, our server was very attentive and everyone was friendly as well.
4	Nice to see this restaurant make its way to Vegas. I have never been to one so I ventured in here during lunch over the weekend. As expected, since it is located on the second/third floor of Planet Hollywood's Miracle Mile Shops, the location gets great foot traffic from people on the strip or those coming from the bridge from the Cosmopolitan or Crystals/Aria. The retail store has all sorts of neat shirts, accessories and souvenirs and you have to go up the stairs to access the restaurant section. My eye caught the Stupid is as Stupid Does Shirt!Since I was on a lunch break I did not take long and went to the bar. The only TVs I saw were at the bar and I did not see any in the regular dining area so I for now, I do not believe this is a good spot to try to catch any game; only come for the fish and shrimp dining!I asked the bartender's recommendation and went with a cup of Mama Blues Shrimp Gumbo. He explained the gumbo as having worchestire sauce in it with a little kick and I like that sauce in my marinades so I was sold.  Surely enough, there was a little spice but The main course I ordered was the accidental fish/shrimp. This was a broiled mahi mahi with jasmine rice, grilled shrimp that came with a side of lemon butter with roma tomatoes. I've had freshly caught mahi mahi in Hawaii so I have a high standard when it comes to this fish. The one they served came very close but not quite that standard. It was a generous portion and came with some shrimp which I thought could have been bigger. The price of the meal was kind of high as well but that's what's expected from restaurants on the Vegas strip. This was a great experience and hopefully I'll buddy up with one of the staff there to come back in and get a discounted hookup. lol.
4	Yay i'm a fan is true. We were delighted to try this place was little taken back by the name didn't think the food would be great but it was. I am glad I loss the coin toss and ended up here.
4	Get the spicy jambalaya! And shrimp Mac and Cheese! Melt in your mouth delish!
5	Loved this place.  Had dinner here before a show we were seeing at the Aria (which is right across the street).  They do NOT take reservations, do call ahead seating, etc., so I was slightly concerned about getting a table, but since we were willing to sit inside (the outside deck is very popular), we got a table after waiting in line about 10 minutes, so not bad at all for a Vegas night.  Drinks were awesome, service was very good and quick and the food was very tasty.  Was really glad to see a Bubba's in Vegas, and I highly recommend.
4	I love seafood but I'm usually not a fan of chained restaurants.  This place was good. I had the shrimp scampi.  It was a big portion so I saved some for breakfast.  We also had some type of soup with shrimp, very delicious also.
4	Glad they finally have one in Vegas!So when you get to the hostess, they ask you "So what did Jenny tell forest to do? RUN FOREST RUN!" I thought they were going to make us run to our table..So that was uncomfortable, not expecting pop trivia. So after we get seated they explain the stop and go sign to us. Love it, because EVERYONE stops to help, not just waiting on your server..So server comes back with food and before we get to eat, we have to answer 3 more questions about the movie.. I was a bit annoyed because if you don't know the answer you kinda feel stupid.. even with trick questions like "What was the name of Forest's dog?" He didn't have one..I think next time, I am going to lie and say I never seen the movie.. Less questions. I am such a party pooper I know. Food is what I come for, which is always good. I walked out like I just ate a buffet, which only was the Shrimp mac and cheese lol.
3	Atmosphere is casual and laid back. The drinks are awesome. I had the New Orleans shrimp-slight metallic taste Andy rice was a bit dry. Also had the hush puppies--not traditional style hush puppies and slightly undercooked. My boyfriend had the jambalaya-it was great. Had the dessert sampler. None of them were up to par. My main detractor was that they wouldn't seat us until our entire party arrived-even though we were ordering drinks and appetizers. I still give them 3 stars for the atmosphere and drinks. But food left a little to be desired. Oh and the sun was in my eyes the entire time.
3	Ok... The shrimp and fries were ok but the fish was not cooked all the way. The batter that they used wasn't even done all the way. The hush puppies were rather Interesting because they had corn and shrimp in the middle of them. It's was new for me and it was great. The service was outstanding because they had a License plate on the table that indicated run forest run, for the waiter to know that we didn't need anything. The other plate indicated stop forest stop for the waiter to stop at the table to see what we wanted.  Overall, I should of found a chicken joint to go to in Vegas. I would of spent less and and been  more happier. That meal I got with two soft drink was 30 bucks. I  Took a financial hit going here.
3	Ok this place is ok, just ok. The food is fine and the servers are very friendly. So here is what happened, the last tin=me I was there, there was a table of people clearly from their corporate office. All the staff were falling all over each other to wait on them hand and foot. The problem was that it was at the expense of the paying customers! (Yes I know all about the Stop Forest Thing) know let me be clear, I put the blame on the corporate people for fostering a culture where the staff felt they had to act like that. If the corporate people were there to check out the restaurant they should have lifted their heads out of their plates for 2 seconds and view the sight of all of the servers at their table and nowhere else. So stop there if you must but if you see a large table full of people with the entire wait staff around them: Run Forest Run! Live it up, you are in Las Vegas for cryin' out loud!
4	Greeted with a smile and seated immediately with no reservation. Good drinks, great good. Fun atmosphere.
4	Overall the food was really good, I was impressed with the food, even though it was pricey. But your in Vegas you have got to eat good food and that costs $$$. Waitress was friendly.
2	Good food. Horrible service.
4	I've experienced Bubba Gumps once before coming to this one. When I heard Planet Hollywood was opening one I couldn't contain myself. The first thing you have when you enter is a souvenir shop which makes sense since there are a ton of tourists wandering the streets. you have to go upstairs to go to the actual restaurant. The walls are covered in Forest Gump memorabilia which makes it dangerous as you're walking up the stairs if you can't multi task.Once we made it to the top the host asked whether we wanted to be seated inside, outside or at the bar. We chose outside and glad we did the view is AWESOME! Fast forward to ordering our food; our waiter was very helpful with explaining anything we had questions about and even offered suggestions. Most of the best tasting drinks come with a souvenir cup. We ordered a bucket of shrimp, half Cajun half garlic & butter, they dumped it out on a giant platter so you can grub away. Be careful though it can get messy. We also ordered lobster stuffed shrimp on top of jasmine rice. It was very oily but when something is smothered in butter what can you expect. It mixed well with the rice. Couldn't finish everything so we took a to go box and our souvenir cups all for $75. A bit expensive but i'm sure it would have been cheaper without the cups. Overall great service, food and great time.
4	Food and service - 5/5 !Overpriced !
3	Had this restaurant bookmarked for some time now so we finally tried it for dinner last night.Location - great view, but horrible to get to.  It is quite a far walk no matter where you are coming from.  You can either park in the garage in Miracle Mile shops, park across the street at Harley Davidson cafe (for a small price), or park at the Cosmopolitan and walk across the bridge.  The views, if you are sitting outdoors, is awesome!  The location is overlooking right in the middle of Harmon and LV blvd. which has the views of City Center and The Cosmopolitan.Restaurant - Forrest Gump themed.  If you are a fan of the movie, you will appreciate the memorabilia all over the walls.  First floor is the retail area, Second floor is the actual restaurant.Food - Overly priced small portions type of meals (what one should expect of a strip restaurant).  My boyfriend ordered 2 of what our server recommended which was the Georgia Sweet Tea (alcoholic drink) and the Shrimp New Orleans.  I ordered Lt. Dan's Drunken Shrimp.  I loved the sweet tea drink (again, it was a steep price for a small drink).  I didn't care for the sauce on the Shrimp New Orleans dish (even though the server raved about it).  All that matters is my boyfriend liked it.  The Lt. Dan's Drunken Shrimp dish was nothing out of the ordinary.  It was shrimp, sausage, mashed potatoes which shoestring chips on top.  I probably could have made this myself if I made the effort to.Staff - friendly and attentive, but then again the restaurant wasn't that busy yet.  We did get a free glass at the end of our meal.  I didn't really catch the reason why, but I think it's because of the drink we ordered.Honestly, I don't know if I can recommend this place mainly because of the price.  But if you are like me who has to try it just to say you tried it, live the experience..!
5	The food, service, and drinks were great! I loved the dish, Jenny's catch- the lobster sauce was out of this world and tilapia didn't taste fishy at all! The dish was recommended by the waitress whom was really nice to us as well! Great place on the strip! Has outdoor eating as well.
1	Crab legs were terrible. Poor flavor, probably undercooked.Server did three high pressure sales pitches on buying a BG club card for $25. Worse than buying a used car. Totally inappropriate. Obviously s cash reward for her on selling them.Will definitely NEVER return.
5	Love the food and the sexy service, i will total be eatting here again when i come back to Vegas
4	We went here for dinner as the sun was setting. We sat outside against the rail and had a pretty decent view of the strip as the lights were just starting to come on. I got the delicious shrimp heaven dish and I must of gotten and 30 shrimp (coconut, fried, tempura battered, shrimp cocktail, and fries)  I especially loved the coconut shrimp. We ordered the lava flow drinks in fun light up glasses which made for some fun pictures. Very good drinks, but way overpriced. The waitress even asked us some Forest Gump Trivia which just added to the experience. It's right next to the balcony of the goretorium bar and we saw some zombies taking a smoke break! Great time!
2	From the outside it looks like is a great place to eat and dine at but in reality it was not all that great, overrated. Horrible customer service took about 20 minutes to get our table some drinks. Many employees walking around and was never asked if everything was ok or to take our order and took about another 30- 45 minutes to finally get our food. Definitely not going back to Bubbas when I go to Vegas again.Oh and did I mention the forks were dirty?. had to ask for CLEAN set of utensils smh
5	I had the best experience at Bubba Gumps with some of my friends!!! The food was amazing and the drinks were great!!! It's not cheap but the experience makes up for it! We had an amazing server (Lexi PLEASE request her!!!) and she made us feel so welcomed!!! I'm living in Vegas and this place was very comforting!!! The view of you are by the window is great and the Forrest Gump trivia is hilarious!!! I loved it here and will definitely go here again!! Especially if Lexi is there!!! :-D
4	I was first introduced to this restaurant back in 2005 in Cali. Glad they finally made their way to Vegas. Bubba Gump Shrimp Co is located ON THE STRIP. Tourist central. Nothing wrong witth that. But just be warned of the strip traffic especially if you go during peak hours.Everytime I go to Bubba Gump, I ALWAYS...and I repeat, ALWAYS get the SAME appetizer and the SAME entree. For the appetizer I get the Cajun Shrimp. Let me tell you, THAT stuff is delicious!!!!!! The spices, the dipping oil, the garlic bread that comes with it....ohhh man. Excuse my TMI but it's like an orgasm in the mouth!!!!!!! For my entree, I get the Shrimp Scampi pasta. The sauce is light yet flavorful. The bowl is big enough for me to have leftovers for the next day.Welcome to Vegas, Bubba Gump!
1	I wish I could review the food but since we could not get anyone to wait on us ( not even water ) I cannot. I will say that when I told the hostess others had been visited by their wait staff two and three times since we were seated she was unable to get anyone to take our table. I think we were in the middle the wait staff squabble and we were the recipients. Can we give a restaurant a negative number?
1	We were shown to our table and after about 15 minutes without being waited on at all (and asking a nearby employee if they could find us our waiter or bring some water) we left.
3	Bubba gumps based on the movie Forest Gump, later the waiter quizzed me on how many Dr Peppers Forest drank, he said 15, theres also a Dr Pepper sign on the restaurant wall, prior to all that I asked for a Dr Pepper, waiter said they "dont have Dr Pepper"...  WHAT THE??  ...no Mr Pibb either...
5	Very fun and delicious place on the Vegas strip that will forever remind me of my wife and I's first day in Las Vegas.The shrimp is the best I've ever had and they make it many different creative ways. You might think it's just a seafood place, but you're wrong. A fun family atmosphere for a casual price. They have surprise trivia mixed in and the staff is fun. Awesome vacation stop for a family or couple.
5	Incredible experience! I absolutely adore all the detailed decor!! The mason jars were the coolest souvenir ever in addition you can receive a new cup in exchange for your used one when exiting the resturant! The food was okay and the service was excellent! Highly recommend for a dining experience! Thanks Abby for all your recommendations and personalizing our experience! 8/20/13
4	Themed based on the movie Forrest Gump, this restaurant serves up delicious seafood and other entrees. Once discovered, my family must come to this place every time they visit Vegas. The employees are great and the food comes quick and always looks delicious. You can order shrimp by the pound and they also have specialty drinks. They also have some great non-seafood entrees if you're like me and are just along for the ride with friends and family. Overall we enjoyed ourselves and would definitely be coming back.
4	I was fooled to think that this place is just for tourists. I was so wrong! If my German cousin wasn't visiting Vegas with me I'd never step into a Bubba Gump. But man I missed out!The restaurant is very themed and staff is friendly. Now their food - definitely exceeded my expectations!Of course we have scampi - one of the best scampi dish I've tried in my life. And I've been to 12 counties in the world including Italy.Jenny's Catch - the tilapia melts in your mouth! The butter sauce is so (fat) but good! With some spinach and mashed potato to top it off.Gumbo - the only thing I didn't like at this dinner. Strangely this is one of their customer-favorites. Just isn't for me I guess.
4	Bubba Gumps is one of my favorite seafood restaurants in Vegas if I want something on the strip with friends.  I love, LOVE, love shrimp and can't get enough of it here.  The casual environment is great for a lunch spot and I've even came here just for apps and drinks.  In addition to seafood, they have a great variety of salads, deserts, and awesome style baby back ribs.  My favorite is just the traditional margarita and they will even hand-shake it right at your seat. Bonus :)
3	Welcome to Vegas Bubba! This now means 2 things, I can no longer eat you in Cali, because it's against the rules being that you're an official Vegas restaurant now. Second, you decorated well, but maybe you should have stayed in Cali. I liked you better there. I was super hyped up when I heard the news that my city was getting a Bubba Gump. I have dined at both the Santa Monica and Anaheim locations in the past and always loved it. Fried Chicken, shrimp bloody marys, and cajun shrimp. YUMMMMM!My boyfriend and I waited to go with our friends Mario and Sonya. They were always who we went with in Cali so it just made sense that we check out the new location together. I am in there looking like a tourist. It is set up so you enter through a gift shop, go up stairs and wait for a hostess. It looks just like all the other locations with great Forrest Gump decor. Everyone was super welcoming and friendly. 5 stars for service all around. Again as a tourist I asked to sit on the patio. It was about 9:30pm so the heat was dying down. We ordered a sampler appetizer that came with seafood hush puppies, chicken, fried shrimp, and shrimp cocktail and a pound of cajun shrimp. To me, the cajun shrimp were the highlight of the entire night. Mario and I ordered the bucket of trash which is a little of everything. Crab, fish, shrimp. It was average. Not amazing but not bad. My boyfriend had fish and chips which he didn't like, and Sonya had fried chicken, which again was average. Disappointed in average fried chicken because I know its above average in Cali. Now I understand when going to a seafood restaurant you should expect to pay $20 a plate. Especially on the strip. But oh boy do they rape you on the drinks. $4 sodas and $9 lemonades!?! And they charge for refills?! $160 seemed a little rough for 4 people. But maybe I am just not use to paying attention to the price cuz I am usually on vacation while dining here. But unless its a special occasion or a friend in town, I don't think I will be returning.
3	What can I say about "Bubba Shrimp Co", we had a good time but the food was just okay, I had never eaten there before and wanted to try it out, it was just okay, nothing to write home about...I know its a big chain restaurant but I was expecting a little more out of the food...
5	i am such a HUGE fan of forrest gump! it's one of my all time favorite movies! :]so this was my first time eating at a bubba gump and i've got to say, i fell in love with the theme. it was so interesting! there were so many signs and there were pictures and newspapers. there were also these adorable little signs that said run forrest run, and stop forrest stop!the prices are were high but i thought it was fun. my friends and i were sat at such a bright room, and it was spacious and white! i think it was meant to resemble forrest's home since it seemed like it was back in the day. it was decorated with plates and pictures which i thought was extremely cool!the waitresses were the nicest people i've ever met. they came every time, just to check up on us, which means, drinks all day every day!anyways, loved the place and i'll come back next time when i go back to vegas!
5	Delicious!!! Wow what an experience for a shrimp shack.  The food was awesome and fresh, had the shrimp spectacular and it was.  The waiter was super friendly and had a great personality made you feel welcome.  Really like the idea of flipping sign to show you are ready for stop or go.  Really good cocktails and you get a fee glass with purchase, it is a new one from the store:) Atmosphere and noise level were perfect lots and lots if Forrest Gump memorabilia on the was and slogans.  Recommend to everyone who loves shrimp.
4	This is my 3rd visit to a Bubba Gump, and my 1st visit to the Vegas location.First of all, kudos to the servers. They were certainly on point! Everyone helped out each other and were very professional. Thank you for our awesome customer service!The restaurant is located on the top floor of where the Miracle Mile shops are. Very easy to get to and accessible from the strip. Our table of 8 (gratuity already included) placed different orders, but I made out with the cup of gumbo and the Stuffed Shrimp (stuffed with crab). My gumbo was OK. I haven't had a gumbo as good as the gumbo from NOLA unfortunately. My shrimp entree ($20) was soooo rich and buttery. WOW, such great flavor! I also tried my Dad's jambalaya and it was spicy! Drink lots of beer!!! I also tried the coconut shrimp, which I enjoyed as well. I had a tempura shrimp and I didn't care for it. There was a weird taste that accompanied it. The drinks/cocktails are expensive so expect to pay an arm and a leg for them! I had a Corona and that went well with our savory entrees. We were all so stuffed for dessert. Fun place to catch a meal. I love all the Forrest Gump memorabilia!
4	I just have to say that I have been a big Bubba Gump Shrimp Co fan since the restaurant first started in Monterey, CA.  I have been to locations all over the country, including Hawaii and I have only had one tiny food complaint once in all of those visitsI am so glad they finally have a Las Vegas, NV location and right on the strip is perfect!  I wrote Bubba Gump on their corporate website once a year for five + years begging them to come to Las Vegas....right after they do, I move away LOL!  I guess I better get letter writing again to get them to come to the North West ;)I just LOVE LOVE everything about the restaurant!!  The food is always great!  The only problem I had this time is that I ordered too much food!!I will be back over and over!!!!
2	There are a ton of places to eat in Vegas, Bubba Gump happened to be on our list because they have an outside balcony patio that we could sit at and look over the strip and my sister has never been here before. When we first got here the customer service was fantastic, everyone is smiling as they greet you and show you the way to be seated. After hiking up some stairs and walking for a bit, alas the hostess to seat us! We were sat within 5 minutes and greeted by our waiter. The drinks here are WAY over priced and the food was bleh....... the drinks were very weak and cost us about $16 each for one regular mixed drink in a regular sized glass, a beer was $13...... ouch! The food was very bland and just...... well bleh. No taste, no flavor, no yummy to it at all. I remembered the Bubba Gump in SF being WAY BETTER! Definitely disappointed in this visit. Along with the cheap food and expensive drinks came panic at the end of our meal. I paid with a $100 bill and made sure I told the waitress it was a $100 bill, she brought be back change as if I paid with a $50, then disappeared. After talking to 2 other waiters, they finally found my original waitress and she pulled the rest of my change out of her coin purse, her actual personal coin purse and said "oh im sorry I must have counted that wrong, let me get you change from my tips" its ok to miscount money I understand, but why would you have put it in your personal bag and not in the cash register, and why would you be paying me back in your tips!??? I didn't say keep the change and leave you a large tip..... so why wasn't I given exact change? So that was weird and not fun, the whole dinner was just disappointing, time consuming (for service was super slow) and having to hunt for my money back is just a pain.Spend your money and time somewhere else!
5	great service. if you're looking for shrimp this is the spot! Po boy is a solid solid sandwich! shrimp n grits or also excellent.
2	Great view overlooking the strip way overpriced got two non alcoholic drinks a shrimp cocktail and a side Caesar salad and the bill was $37
1	I ate there on Wednesday November 6, 2013. I GOT FOOD POISONING. I  had the Jambalya. It would appear the the mixture of food in the Jambalya was not properly stored or prepared. We did have a great server and view. Would never return given that this is the first time in 20 years that I have had food poisoning in a restaurant.
5	First time here, service was great as soon as we walked in the door. I had the Shrimp and Grits, very very good! Our server Rikki was very nice and attentive. I look forward to coming back.
3	I do not eat seafood, but my husband does. I'd seen the movie 20 years ago, but didn't really like it. But as a fan of themed restaurants I agreed to try it. We got seated right away. Our server was very pleasant.  The "stop and go" sign on the table is a great idea, we utilized it. Most of the menu items contain shrimp. But there are a few choices for us non-seafood people. I had the fried chicken. It was good, and plenty.  The total of our meal was a bit pricey, but then most food in Vegas is.
3	We went here to sit on the balcony over looking the strip. It has a great view!  The food is ok.. The hush puppies are the best I've had. Bubba Gumps is a fun experience but way over priced..We split an appetizer, meal, dessert and 2 beers for $75! It was worth it for the view. I wouldn't go there if you're on a tight budget.
5	I've been to this particular restaurant before, and enjoyed it. This time was no exception. The hosting staff quickly and easily sat us at a wheelchair accessible table.Our server, Rafi, was an absolute delight and fun. She and her team were attentive without being obtrusive, and her playful banter just added to a very enjoyable late lunch. We look forward to coming again soon.
3	Hit and missFirst time (12/27) there we had Tabitha as our server. She is fantastic. If you go here, make sure you get in her section. She is attentive without being intrusive. Funny without being obnoxious. Tabitha is the person I would want managing the front of house operations. Tabitha is the server that I'd want to be training and managing the server staff. The food was fantastic. The bourbon cream sauce was heavenly. I mean I want to drown in this and then be embalmed in it. The rest of the food lived up to expectations and well worth the price tag. The mac-and-cheese was perfect in every sense of perfection. Creamy, well seasoned, cheesy but not overly so. In short, this was on track to be a five star review. Since the food was so good we went the next night (12/28). This is where is falls apart - a generous two stars. The bourbon cream sauce went from "to die in" to nasty - tasted like some one added water to a flour paste. The drinks watered down. The rest of the food was cold and not even worthy of being eaten. The staff...... downstairs the greeter acted like we were some sort of bother. Upstairs the host/hostess was too busy playing on their intercoms to acknowledge customers standing there waiting to be seated. When we were seated we were put in a vacant part of the restaurant and virtually ignored. We were later moved by one of the servers that thankfully acknowledged our existence. The servers were busy congregating in the back around a laptop or TV laughing and carrying on like there were no customers. The hosts/hostesses were congregated in the front ignoring customers. I did receive an e-mail survey about our visit because we have a Landry Card. I received a follow-up phone call from Deborah about my comments. This shows that they are willing to change and always improve the experience. Hence the final 3 star rating.When we go back to Vegas we will eat here again when Tabitha is working.
1	On my most recent trip here, the food was good and the same as usual, but it was the service and management that really pissed us off and now I don't know if we will ever return...at least to this location. Our server was alright. There was a couple times where we couldn't find her but I'm thinking they were just understaffed that evening; it was during the holidays after all. When we were done with our meal, she seemed a little pushy on getting us to buy desserts even when we told her we were way too full and just wanted the check. She asked us to think about it and she'd come back. What the heck? Why can't you just bring the check? It seemed like she wanted us to give a definite answer of no before she was willing to print the check. Strike one.When we finally received the check, we attempted to pay with an e-gift card that had $100 loaded on it and our meal was $91 including tax. When she brought the receipt for us to sign, she told us that we couldn't tip with the gift card and that we still had $8 or $9 remaining on the card, awesome...where's the gift card, could we have it back? The server refused and told us it was policy to keep our printed gift cards whether or not there was a remaining balance. WHAT? How does that even make sense? I will never be able to use the remaining balance then! We asked her to make a copy for us but she refused and told us to simply re-print one when we got home...problem is how do you do that when it was a gift and I already deleted the original e-mail?! No other business I've frequented has ever asked to keep a gift card, remaining balance or not without asking first if I wanted it back. She told me this is what her manager told her to do, which didn't really help the situation. I considered not leaving a tip since I just lost 9 bucks but ended up leaving a decent one and decided to take it up with management at a later date since it wasn't her fault and she was just doing what she was instructed to do.I e-mailed the company about a week later and complained about my remaining balance that was lost because I was unable to get my gift card back and 2 days later received a phone call from one of the managers of the Vegas location. She stated that it was company policy to do this and the server indeed followed protocol. I was really angry and got in a heated argument with the manager about the policy since it doesn't really protect them from anything, while making it super inconvenient for customers and discourages them from buying and using gift cards. It wasn't the 9 bucks that I cared about, but the principle of what was going on that seemed fraudulent to me. I got nowhere with management and she continued to tell me that it was corporate policy. Ok, I guess I'll have to contact them to get more info then.Then we contacted corporate customer service and was told that this was NOT corporate/company policy in any way, shape or form and that the store was mistaken and they weren't sure why. They ended up sending us a new link to re-print our gift card with the remaining balance and informed us that we would be receiving a phone call apology from the General Manager once they contacted him about the situation.All in all, Bubba Gump Las Vegas is run by liars and they did nothing but inconvenience my family and then lie to me about it to back up their side of the story. It will take a lot for me to come back here in the furture, if I ever do. Just thinking about it gets me fired up and angry. I really hope they go out of business some day when this all catches up to them!UPDATE (2/12/14): Well, it's been over a month and still haven't heard from the General Manager of Bubba Gump or received the apology I was promised. Worst customer service of any restaurant chain I've been to! Would never recommend this place to anyone
1	This place is disgusting! I ordered one of their most popular dishes (shrimp New Orleans)  gross! It had a taste of dirt! I took my family here for their first time in Vegas and honestly I think there are much better places at a  fraction of the price! I was so disappointed and I wasn't the one paying a nearly $200 Bill.
3	Get the shrimp basket! It is a bit pricey ~$21 but I think you get a good selection of shrimps that they offer. It comes with coconut shrimp, tempura shrimp, cooked cold shrimp, regular fried shrimp, and some French fries. Also, my favorite sauce is the pineapple sweet and sour sauce! Try to ask for more sauce because I felt that you need more. I also got the shrimp gumbo for ~$6. It was really spicy and had barely any shrimp. I honestly don't recommend it because it was spicy and hot. The place is also on the second floor because the first floor is their gift shop. Overall, I feel that most of their food was pricey for shrimp but if you want to taste good cooked shrimp the. Go here! Also, the gift shop is a good souvenir place for tourists!
4	The shrimp here was average. I went with a healthier option on the menu and did not get my shrimp fried, I got the kabobs. There was nothing special about the dish BUT the shrimp were cooked properly. I would go back here and try something different. Also great decor from Forest Gump!!!
4	I've been to this particular restaurant a few times and i always seat by the patio, the view is really really beautiful specially at night. I always order the BLT shrimp salad! OMG its soooo yummy!
4	Our first time at this location. Seated immediately on a Friday night. Very friendly server named Darius. Ask for him. He is fun, attentive & full of Forrest Gump trivia. I tried to stump him but couldn't. I had the jambalaya which was excellent & spicy & just the right size portion.
4	I loved the theme of this restaurant, as a big fan of the movie Forest Gump I marveled when I walked in and felt I was on the boat they used to capture all those shrimps. The service at this restaurant was great and everything we tried at this restaurant was of great quality. I'm a big fan of sea food and if you are too ten definitely try this restaurant and get their halibut. We will definitely go back to this place. They all so have a fried combo basket with shrimp and fries which was amazing. As always I added the pics, so try this place and enjoy the fresh sea food, you won't be disappointed.  Also it's not extremely pricey as some of the joint in Vegas can be.
4	Bubba Gump shrimp is great. They have delicious varities of shrimp. Ribs are delicious, good drinks, friendly staff, great environment. yea buddy.
1	I had the worst experience ever at this place!!!!!Service was horrible and the food was not great to make up for it either.I heard soooooo much about bubba gump shrimp and was always really excited to try it, and finally a group of friends and I did. Sadly the server we had was AWFUL!!!!!!!!! I had never in my life seen anyone hate his "life/job" more than our server, he was talking to us like we were "annoying him" for just being there it was ridicules. He would cut us off in the middle of ordering, and talk to the other waiters around him, and when we asked for recommendations he just simply told us "that it all depends on what you like" in the tone of voice saying (just pick darn it!). The food was not great and the portions were SMALLER than expected but the service did not help, it made us just want to get out of there, without even getting a dessert (this pretty much never happens in my book so its serious! lol) and when we finally got the bill he asked us to pick up everything off the table put it in the plates and pick it up and hand it to him, (if you ask me, he pretty much made us clear our own table for him! lol and we tipped him after! haha)overall horrible experience but gave for conversation at dinner and after! lol
3	Had to send the food back because it was cold, however the manager was extremely helpful.  The Forrest Gump trivia was funny, so brush up on your Forrest Gump trivia.  I didn't realize I know so much about the movie.
4	Friendly service. Fresh salads. Reasonably priced also. The pear berry salad had awesome raspberry dressing and the coconut shrimp are really good.
5	Great location in the strip. Very nice food and drink menu. Fantastic dinner for both taste and size. They have a patio with a nice strip view. Well worth the wait and beats the heck out of a buffet     Wait staff was friendly, knowledgable  and  attentive. I would go back.
4	I had a great time here.  I took my dad here and it was a lot of fun and the food was excellent too.  The key is to this place, get drunk and eat!
5	Thank you for giving me and my wife a nice time out in town. I have nothing bad to say. The food was good and sitting on the balcony watching people get crazy in Las Vegas was awesome. Thank you.
4	Good food! I was visiting Las Vegas with my husband. We went to the place for shrimp. I barely eat shrimp outside, because normally the restaurants don't peel the shrimp shit out......I know the shit is a line on the shrimp back.....when I order their shrimp,surprised me, they cleaned them so well. I was happy about this point! The food is really tasty, the service was good! I would like to recommend this place to my friend;)
5	Lots of fun , everyone is Friendly, Stephen our server was great. Food is good, fast . Atmosphere lively and upbeat . Lots of young people. Definitely will come again .
4	For starters the welcoming staff was very  friendly! My server was friendly and attentive as well, the food had good taste nice and fresh, nice presentation. Strawberry lemonade best I've had. I gave it four stars for the friendly attentive service.   I was  also impressed by cleanliness of the restroom. This was the cleanest bathroom I have ever seen in any restaurant, BIG UPS HIGH-FIVES TO THE STAFF AT BUBBLE GUMPS LAS VEGAS STRIP LOCATION...
4	Giving this 4 stars because my family really enjoyed the food.  We followed the server's recommendations and none of us were disappointed.  My daughter had the fish and my wife shrimp while I had the Jambalaya.  No complaints from anyone.  Service was excellent - we were actually served by a guy named 'Bubba'  :-).  A little of the pricey side though.
4	My server....Tammy...she was awesome sauce!!!  Her demeanor was pleasant.  She had good recommendations.  The girl who sat us down was nice too.  She made suggestions and I tried it...(I can't remember the dish) but it was good & I was pleased.  I wanted shrimp and that's what I got.It wasn't busy.  We were seated immediately.  I am pleased w/ my visit.  The manager was funny and kind and when I visit Vegas I'll be back!I bought stuff from the gift shop downstairs...the tall chocolate guy downstairs....very pleasant as well....I'd buy sweatshirts from him any time...Bad part - the nasty little greeter outside who was picking her nose and face when we came up and offered us a place to eat??  It made me nervous to go inside...and she needs to put that ponytail up in a net too!!
4	The Petron margarita was fantastic. Had the steamed shellfish bucket, the meat was a little overdone but the 'broth' was delicious and loved to dunk the garlic bread in it although there were only two small pieces of bread. The butter that was given for dunking purposes didn't really work for me either. Best idea that my wife had was to scoop the rice with an empty mussel shell then scoop some of the delicious steaming liquid.Bubba Gump's is always an all around great time and I will continue to enjoy each and every visit that I make. Plus a free collectible glass at the end of your meal doesn't hurt.
3	I ordered the shrimp and grits very attentive staff. My wife had the mahi mahi very tasty
1	The food is bland, overpriced, and bad service (although our server was sweet) everyone else was rude. I ordered a chicken caesar salad, my husband ordered the shrimp scampi. I didn't taste his food after he said it tasted like the smell of Raid. The chicken in my salad was so bland I had to pour a bunch of salt in it. Not to mention it took them forever to bring out our food.
4	Bubba's is a decent place to go with decent, Vegas priced fish and burgers.If you haven't been to one of these chains before, it's worth the visit. They're known not so much for their food but for their Forest Gump themed decor. Every inch of the walls, down to a separate room in the joint wallpapered to look like one in his famous house. They've got a license plate system on the tables, a blue Run Forest run plate for when you and yours are doing fine and a red Stop Forest Stop plate for when you need a napkin or a drink. Any waiter nearby will be there to help.They've got a big menu that encompasses many different items that are sure to satisfy any picky eaters needs. There are a few Forest-themed drinks, but, being in Vegas it's really not much.I've been to a few different Gumps in my days and the food is always pretty good. This place was no different. I devoured most of the hearty helping of fish and chips in front of me. Our waiter was friendly, joking with us and quizzing us on our Forest Gump knowledge.This location is nice too, right off the walkway across from The Cosmopolitan. There's also a terrace to sit outside if it's not as chilly as it was when we were there. This is a nice family place to eat on the Strip with the slightly over priced grub you'll find all over Vegas. Yum.
1	So let me just start off by saying that we love Bubba Gumps. We've gone to different locations and have had great experiences every time...except for this one. The restaurant wasn't very crowded. There was no wait, but we got seated in the very back room all by ourselves. Felt a little out of place and ignored. That was strike one. Strike two was when we ordered. I wanted a dish that came with tilapia and just wanted a different fish like salmon or mahi mahi. Most places would say "sure no problem" but our waitress said "nope. We can't do that." Imagine my shock when a restaurant can't do a simple switch like that. It took several tries of me asking her to please go double check with the chef before she finally went to ask. She came back and what do you know..."oh okay we can switch that for you". It's just very irritating when a restaurant makes it seem like a hassle to do something simple for a paying customer. After that whole incident I had asked for a comment card...and guess what. They don't have any. Of course they don't have any. So that's why I'm writing this here.All in all food wasn't anything special and service sucked. Our food was cold when it came out and they just dropped it off without a word. There are so many options on the strip and you can find something a lot better! Needless to say I will not be returning or recommending this location to anyone.
3	This was my first time ever to this restaurant. The food was okay. I had the Shrimp Po Boy sandwich. I wasn't to keen on the fact the sandwich came with mayo (which I had withheld) and I couldn't replace that with a different sauce. The bread was kind of thick, which I didn't care too much for. I asked the server if I could just get popcorn shrimp with fries and he dryly replied "no". The drinks are good, but for $14 you would make out like a bandit at the Rock Bar or Evening Call size wise. The server never said his name, which was the first step to informing me the service wouldn't be superior or close to it. I saw him sitting in a booth with two of his other female customers as cozy as ever. Yeah, no bueno. If I try this place again, they'll have to drag me there.
1	Terrible. Terrible. Terrible. My friends and I went here on our first night in Vegas and were starved for just about anything. We got seated quickly, which was nice but that was probably the only pleasant part of this dining experience. My friend is on a pretty strict diet and asked if a certain dish could be made without butter, the server said she would go and ask and that was the last we saw of her. The next thing we know the runners were bringing us our food and the dish that she asked for without butter looked like it was drenched in it. We asked if we could ask the manager or anyone if there was butter on it and it took about 30 minutes before we got any kind of answer.  Finally, the manager came over and assured us it wasn't so she began to eat it. About 10 minutes later she came back and said it actually was made with butter.  By this time everyone else was done with their meals. All in all it was a headache of an experience and was handled terribly by the staff.
4	Best hush puppies I've ever had. High price for the food but the atmosphere is fun and the entire staff was very friendly. Had a large group 10+ and they got us in less that 10 min on a Friday afternoon.  Like that they treated the kids like a fun addition to the group rather than ignoring them and only speaking to the adults.
2	The food was good the service not really, why use a system with plates when the employes don't care at all, I switch to red plate and after over 10 minutes some show off to take care, draft beer in plastic glass no bueno
3	Me and my daughter went last night and the food was ok the service was different but what got me was they charged for drink refills !! Really?? It's not like its a cheap place to eat let's just say I won't be going back anytime soon maybe never
4	We went there with a party of 7 on our recent Vegas trip and were seated right away (it was a weekday). The service was really good. Our waiter played fun trivia games with us and the overall atmosphere for my "Forrest Gump" loving family was fantastic. We loved all of the little details that made the restaurant so nostalgic to the movie, including the "run forrest run"/"stop forrest stop" license plates on the table to use to get the waiter's attention. Perhaps it is a tourist attraction but overall we loved the place, loved the food, and enjoyed the service.
5	I'm not sure why there are so many bad reviews on here. I think people sometimes make the time to leave that good ones out. Our server Chad #1 was awesome! The coconut shrimp was amazing! And so was the french fries, ranch, and mango strawberry chillers!
4	My friends and I came here on a wimp and ordered based on the pictures. The strawberry chicken pecan salad was extremely delicious and I'm not a vegetable type of person. Server was very kind and helpful as well. Definitely a must go if you're on the strip!
2	Came her on my fist visit to Vegas in February and I gotta say I expected waaaay better. I got the salmon and it was he worst. My fiance at the time now my husband, got the something (i cant remember) that was just as bad. Bad choice and wont visit again.
4	the food is good, & the service is EXCELLENT! our server stephen went above and beyond his job!! HE kept us entertain while waiting for our food to arrive...(which didn't take that long) it's my mom's birthday.. aside from the desert we ordered, they gave us something on the house too as well!! the manager checked in on us if we are having  a good time. I'm telling you guys, if you want a good food, and service matters to you. check this place out! it's awesome!
3	Food was alright and very very very overpriced. It was ridiculous. I am still shocked that I paid $6 for a non alcoholic beverage, their strawberry lemonade! Its a nice atmosphere and our server was very nice and attentive but the taste of the food and the prices just don't add up. I will go back though to try their shrimp po boy which I saw someone else get. It was pretty big and only cost $13. Other than that they wouldn't see me there for awhile.
5	Stopped in for lunch today. Tried the Shrimp New Orleans dish. The food was very tasty, but it was our server, Keisha, that made the experience a step above great. She was very patient with us while we were trying to decide what to order for our drinks and entrees. She made some suggestions that were really helpful. Keisha, keep up the good work !In the words of the Terminator,  I'LL BE BACK !!
4	Outstanding, friendly and fast service. My wife and I had the Cajun shrimp appetizer. For dinner we had the shrimp pasta with capers. It was outstanding. We ate every bite. We also had a few beers.  Our server even offered us to go cups for our beer. Gotta love Vegas.
3	I had higher expectations but it wasn't that bad. If you're looking for something affordable that's along the lines of an Applebee's or TGIF's then this is the place, especially in it's prime location in planet Hollywood. The view is great. And the servers are enthusiastically perky. Clam chowder: not the usual creamy version but more of a thin stew. It was okay but just wasn't expected.Forrest's Seafood Feast: A good amount as a sampler. Fries are decent, fish and chips were overly battered, fried shrimp was okay but the hush pups were good. Not the usual corn breaded hush puppies.
3	We were at Bubba Gump on July 3, 2014.  I thought it was pricey.  I think I paid $17 for a Creole shrimp dish but it was yummy!!  The service was excellent  and they were very nice.  If I go back to Vegas I would go there again.
2	Summary: Every time we visit Vegas we always walk by Bubba Gump but never stop in so for this trip my SO decided to drag me in. I like the setting, kind of remind me of Boiling Crab (http://www.yelp.com/biz/the-boiling-crab-garden-grove-2?osq=boiling+crab+restaurant) minus the sharpies on the wall.Food: Base on yelp review, we decide to try their Hush Puppies first to see how it is before heading in to the main course. Luckily that is all we tried. The hush puppies was bland and very oily. Service: 5 STARS for the staff members, from entrance to exit, the whole staff was cheerful and friendly.Overall: We should have kept walking. We should have stick to, "hmm maybe one day we should try this place" and just never try it so it could stay mysterious. But we tried it. We didn't like it. End of story.
3	This was not a great experience. The service was solid, but nothing special. The food was lacking. The jambalaya was worse than cheesecake factory. The salads did not have fresh ingredients. Also. Lt. Dan's sausage dish was small. Nothing was really filling.
5	We had a party of 33, so I called ahead of time. The person I spoke to on the phone didn't seemed too thrilled about a large party coming in. I was a little worried about that because we have been to restaurants where service was horrible because of large parties.However when we got there, everyone was really friendly. Our waiter we got on our end of the table provided excellent customer service. The lady I had spoke to on the phone stated that everyone on the same bill must sit together. Our waiter allowed for our kids to move around and said he will work with whatever we decide to do. He went above and beyond! The food was excellent as well! We enjoyed this location the best (we've been to three locations in California)
4	Great food and service!  Little pricey, but unique, tasty dishes.  We have always wanted to try them out and were pleasantly surprised.
2	Very mediocre food for being so pricey. A 2 person meal will run you about $90 for 2 entrees, appetizer and 1 drink each. We could've ate at a nice steak restaurant for that price. Also $15 for a cocktail that tasted watered down. I ordered the chicken. Nothing special about it. KFC style.
4	Ok so the drinks were good. Had the lava flow and margarita. The dip was good but greasy. Loved that it had shrimp tho. Ordered a po'boy. I asked if it had some kind of sauce and they said yes. When it came out no sauce . Just mayo on a huge piece of bread I could barely stuff in my mouth. Definitely for a mans mouth. So dry. Had to ask for thousand and just skipped eating the bread. Shrimp alone were good. The service was also good as well as the view.
3	I've been to Gatlinburg and New Orleans but had Bubba Gump in Vegas. It was ok. I thought the decor was very well done and the Run and Stop signs work really well. The food wasn't anything spectacular, but my boyfriend's food was better than my choice. Process are decent and service was good. Our waitress came over and gave us some Forrest Gump trivia questions, which we got all right. I thought we were going to win something though, lol.  I wouldn't make any special trips back to BG, but I wouldn't oppose to going of anyone wanted to try it.
5	"The food is great, but the portions could be a tad more". I recommend the Jumbalaya and the Cajun style bucket of shrimp! Cocktails here are also good. If you are going here on a weekend (I have not been here on a weekday) get there early because the line will fill! Lol.
5	After watching Forrest Gump and loving the movie, I had to try bubba gumps shrimping co. When I saw it on the strip I HAD to go there. This place is the bomb! Their shrimp shack pasta is my favorite dish; it has tangy, buttery sauce over a bed of penne, tomatoes, and shrimp. The workers also play Forrest Gump trivia with you. It's quite amusing! If you get all the questions right, you get some sort of prize. When I went to the one in San Francisco, they gave us free parking. I live in Seattle, I wish I could take this place back home with me. It's a bit pricey, but you get what you pay for!
3	Had this place really late, not sure why... Went ahead and are the coconut shrimp and the New Orleans shrimp... Both were average at best. I do feel like this place is a bit overpriced for what you get and there are plenty of other options around. However, if you want shrimp, they have plenty of it. Just don't expect to be "wow'd".
4	Food was excellent I got the crab stuffed shrimp.  Bar tenders were more than helpful, friendly, and personable.  The strawberry lemonade thing I got was outstanding.  It was a tad pricey, but not that bad.  Bar booths were missing seats which looked really tacky. Nice souvenir shop down stairs.
3	Came here on August 11, 2014 for dinner with my family. I've been to their location in San Francisco, so it isn't like I'm new to the place.Pros of the night:-Our waiter (I believe is name was Andrew?) was very enthusiastic, when he came by and didn't seem like many other waters who literally look like they hate their job.-The food was very good.Cons of the night:-The garlic bread was said to be out ASAP, but it came literally 3 minutes before our entrees came out. Mind you we had already been waiting for about 20 minutes.-I did not know that at this location you had to pay for drink refills. My first cup strawberry lemonade had an average amount of ice in it, so I was not complaining, but my second cup but literally a whole cup of ice. Why I had to pay $.99 for that, I don't know.-The sign "Stop, Forrest, Stop" is supposed to bring a waiter over quickly, but my sign was out for about 5 minutes before a waiter came, even though we were right next to their payment machine.
4	I don't even remember the meal. It's Vegas FFS. The waiter was awesome though, and I wish I was a billionaire, so I could afford to tip that dude. They gave us 2 free glasses after the meal, which instantly won me over. Cool place. Go here if you're looking for some fishy fishy . BTW I did tip the waiter... 15%, which is a decent sum IMO
3	At one time I really likes it here.  Now it's ok.. Very expensive for what you get.  The service was good and the food hit.  I had a salad and shared the popcorn shrimp with my grandson.   He also had a cup of the clam chowder.  It was very good.   I gave it an extra star for the atmosphere.  On par with Applebee's, Red Robin, etc..  Only way more expensive.  It was also clean.
2	This place has a great atmosphere and when you sit outside you have a nice view of the strip. The food isnt anything spectacular and the service was lacking. I probably wouldnt return but I am glad i checked the place out.
2	I ordered two different entrees and really wasn't satisfied with my meal. The food wasn't nasty or anything...just wasn't satisfied. Overrated and overpriced. I was also expecting shrimp and grits and it wasn't on the menu.
4	If you love shrimp you have alot of choices here. My wife and I have been twice and both times were really good. You get a decent amount of food and the mixed drinks are really good too according to my wife she likes them sweet).
3	Went here once with the family. The food is really good and we love the atmosphere. It can be busy sometimes. Also the waiters are really cool. They even quiz you questions from the movie which is really neat. It was a hard place to find though we got lost and had to ask people how to get there. Also the meals aren't cheap. My meal and my wifes meal were $20 each. Not bad but not a place we'd go to more than once a year.
3	Where to start- food was ok and beer selection decent.  Very disappointed with our dessert.  But my son loved Forest Gump and just loved the theme, including getting all the questions correct on the quiz.  Biggest downside- very pricey but everything in that area was over priced.
3	Well, it's worth a try considering it's Bubba Gumps.  The service was quick and friendly.  Sometimes too friendly.  We were quite hungry and quiet at our table so the nice waitress decided to come over and distract us by doing a Bubba Gump movie trivia.  Nice, but weird and could have done without.  We are anti-social.. LOLNow, the place and the food.  If you have ever been to the Joe's Crab Shack chain, this place looks and feels exactly like it without all the crab options.  Ordered the shrimp New Orleans which was okay but nothing special.  The hubs garlic shrimp were tasty, kinda small in my opinion.  Overall, the experience was decent however I would not go out of my way to try it again.  The End
2	I hate to give a bad review but there is simply nothing much to brag about I've tried this location 3 times and only came back for the second and third time hoping that it would get better but it just doesnt do anything for you right, the food isn't very well seasoned the only  only thing that's worth even bragging about is the strawberry shortcake everything else is just plain humdrum nothing special doesn't leap out at you it has a name & catchy touristy gimmicks but other than that it's not worth the price
2	Mashed potatoes were good, Cajun shrimp was alright. Didn't like how they popped in your mouth every bite. I think they steam cook them. Didn't get any Forest Gump movie trivia from my server as promised by the hostess. Don't believe the hype, skip this place.
3	the experience was good, good food and laughs. I do think it is a tiny bit over priced... $6 for a side salad..and about $16 for a pilsner beer. But overall it was good
4	Enjoyed my Delicious meal! We had the accidental mahi mahi fish and shrimp and seafood feast! Food was well prepared and staff was friendly. For a Sat. Night the restaurant was not busy like other Vegas restaurants.
5	Had a very nice time. Food was terrific. I sat on the belcony...great idea..great location....our server Erin was allot of fun and was very attentive. Defiantly would come again!!!
1	The badest Bubba restaurant I were. Dry and tasteless fish and shrimp were which too much lemon. The garlic bread was not crunchy. It was just soft.
1	This was my first time eating at Bubba Gump and I'm sure it will be my last. I am not a picky eater but my boyfriend and I developed the worst case of upset stomach after eating here. The location is good and the service is wonderful...  BUT the food  just did not sit well with us. We ordered the dip for an appetizer. It was okay, not super hot as it should have been. I ordered the shrimp poboy for an entree which was delicious. My boyfriend ordered the grilled chicken sandwich. Again, we are not food snobs and this was the first place we ate in the day. I'm gonna assume it was the dip that did us in. I really would love to give this place more stars. The waitresses are really good and attentive. But based on the vomiting and upset stomach my boyfriend and I both experienced after eating here I just can't. If you eat here maybe just stay away from the dip!
2	I was disappointed.   My shrimp showed signs of freezer burn.  Not up to the standard i expect from Bubba Gump.
1	Never coming back to this place ever. Might be the worst seafood I had ever had. Ordered a shrimp heaven and a shrimp came out looking like someone ate the shrimp and threw the tail back in the batter. Completely lost my appetite. But the manager completely swear that that is not the case and the chef is always on the line and watches everyone cooks move. So it is impossible for that to happen. So she walks away and does nothing to help or correct the situation. SORRY BUBBA GUMP LIFE IS LIKE A BOX OF CHOCOLATES AND YOU FOUND YOURSELF A LEMON OF A MANAGER.
3	Expensive for a chain restaurant. The manager who took our reservation and our server both had great customer services skills. Food was okay, not great for the price we paid.
2	I have experienced better but it was at the Chicago location..maybe because this one is located on the strip they assume people are just drunk and hungover so they will eat anything.. for the most part that is accurate. Especially if they have been smoking cigarettes butt to butt ("butt to butt" sounds funnier than "chain smoking") all night..I ordered the Cajun shrimp with Garlic toast..super buttery and garlicky and you could tell the shrimp was frozen. My mom got the grilled fish sandwich.. and frowned the WHOLE TIME.. I knew it was over when she asked for tartar sauce..The server was great.. she kept calling me "baby" though and I don't know how I feel about that.. I'M A GROWN A** WOMAN.. just kidding..but it did get a little annoying..She was prompt and courteous though.
2	I wanted seafood so my bf who does not like seafood decides on this place.  I went in with an open mind but was sorely disappointed.  We ordered the app sampler and two other shrimp entrees.  The problem with all of the food was the shrimp seemed old or about to go bad. The service was great no wait.  We walked through the door downstairs and as soon as the elevator door opened we were greeted by hostess with our table.  I still would not go again.
4	We have been here a few times for food and beer. The service here has been consistently good, especially for a tourist strip place. The beer selection could be a bit broader but is satisfactory. We have tried several items on the menu, my wife likes the hush puppies, and everything has been good each time, again unusual for the casual dining places on the strip.
