5	Walking into Marconi's was like entering a little pocket of Miami stuck in Charlotte. Spanish tunes on the radio, Latin barbers working nonstop and a great mix of clients; Black, White, Hispanic all looking for tight fades and killer shaves.If you're a walk-in on a busy day (like I was on Saturday) then be prepared to wait.  This place has a constant influx of regulars & appointments keeping the barber ridiculously busy with only 4 chairs in the joint. Also, in God they trust... all others pay cash. Plastic is not welcomed here.They take their time and leave no detail overlooked. Totally worth the wait for a cut that's top notch. I wish there were more barbers like this around. Sadly, they're a rare breed in this day and age of half-assed mall store haircuts.They got the 5th star for playing Ruben Blades "Pedro Navaja" which is aces in my book.
5	To be honest when I found this place I jumped for joy. Im a loyal customer here. When you go in you'd think your were in the middle of Washington Heights. But it's in Charlotte!! It's in a mini mall next to a Wells Fargo. Good location, non-threatening, tight cut. Call before you go and make an appointment.
5	I went to Marconi's on January 30, 2013. Marconi gave me hands down the best haircut I've had since I moved to Charlotte in 2004.    The decor is modern, with accents of major league baseball everywhere.  I arrived first thing in the morning and had no wait.  The shop has a diverse clientele.  You'll have uptown attorneys like me waiting along side laborers, all in search of a good haircut.   I've found my barber "home."
3	Definitely a diverse shop. Pictures of MLB players line the walls. There was a TV tuned to ESPN. There were eight chairs but only three people cutting. There was no shortage of customers. We walked in at the right time as the wait was less than 10 minutes. The wait was probably at least 1 hour long by the time we walked out. The prices for haircuts range from $12-18. They also offer other services like hot towel shaves. Results: Not the best haircut but it's passable. They are open on Sundays, which is a big plus.
5	I have used Yelp for a few years now and this is this first review I have written because this place is great. I have been twice and had two different barbers there, both did a solid job. The atmosphere is diverse: salsa y bachata music are always on the sound system and espn on the tv. Expect a wait on Saturday but it is well worth whatever you wait. Best barbers in Charlotte by far.
1	Don't go if you are not Hispanic. You will be ignored. I sat there with another white guy and a black guy, we all sat there as others just walked in and jumped in the chair. Lame way to do business.
1	Quite possibly the worst barber shop on the planet. I have never seen haircuts take 45 minutes or longer.  I guess these guys are not interested in making money. If you have 3 hours to kill...this is your spot.
1	The sign said open. I walk in and speak to everyone some replied some did not. After I looked for a place to sit and wait my turn. One of the barbers came up to me and asked did I have and appointment? I replied "no, I usually walk in. He replies " I know the sign says open... But, we are closed. Come back tomorrow. Now my question is why didn't you say that when I walked in rather than have me wait and sit down. As I was leaving another gentleman walked in and was called right into a chair. The customer service here sucks. After 4 years of my business I will NEVER RETURN!! they only cater to Hispanics..
5	Great cut. Walked in on a Sunday, no wait. Very friendly and super attentive. I'll be back.
