2	Can't comment about too much yet , but one thing that bugs me is certain things at the school must be paid for online at the schools website, seems that they want the parents money so badly that all your information is there,all they need is your credit card number.They also charge a 90 cent fee to pay online,but you can only pay online,WTF?who gets this fee?if it's a convenience fee,I'd just send 15 bucks to the school,but you can only pay online so if the extort .90 per paying parent,sure it adds up.
2	First and foremost -- it's high school. There's not much else to say other than the experiences range far and few from people, but for me, personally, my experience was below average. I graduated from NWCTA three and a half years ago, but even to this day, I still recollect memories from when I visited those halls.The bottom line is that they're hungry for money. While they're completely infatuated with the thought of money and nothing else, they cut out programs and software and other important items that make the school what it was. Field trips are expensive, books are expensive, tests are expensive, everything. Growing up in a lower class home, it was tough getting by. I originally came here to escape my public school. Admittedly, NWCTA is vastly better than that of public schools in Las Vegas in terms of education, but there are still some core differences that make the experience lacking. There is no "school spirit" (there are no sports teams, at least from when I was there), there is no long-term goal for the school, and even the teachers that are there are miserable and often complained about the school in its entirety. Overall, if you're thinking of coming here, I would look elsewhere. There are better magnet schools located within the valley. While I don't think I "wasted" my years being here at high school, I was certainly unhappy, and so was everyone else.
5	Northwest upholds strict adherence to the rules and policies of the school. This means that the students who go here really want to be here. The teachers, likewise choose to be at this school. When these factors are coupled together the results are an ability to aggressively teach past the standards to academic excellence. My daughter actually enjoys going to school each day making learning easier and more enjoyable. I would however, advise staying actively involved in sports and activities at your zoned school because this is the area where Northwest is deficient. As always, parents must remain interested and involved to avoid pitfalls. There are going to be some negative mixed in with all the good just by way of practical nature in all situations.
5	Northwest has an amazing atmosphere. I love this school, the students are nice and engaged taking part in after school clubs. The teachers at this school care for the success for all of there students willing to spend extra time with them if they are falling behind. Overcrowding is not an issue and neither is bullying. I would recommend this school to any student with the motivation to become a smarter person and to evolve into a mature young adult. This school is not for slackers, the main reason students don't like the school is because it's their fault. They keep their potential success potential, they do not engage themselves. If a teacher sees a student unwilling to learn and grow, they will loose interest and go help those who are trying to create a path of success. This is my only my second year here but I have learned so much and would of had it no other way.
1	I was supposed to graduate at North West with the class of 2015 but by the end of my sophomore year became fed up with the unfriendly students, careless administration, and rude teachers. I went to north west to avoid the typical public high school environment but in the end this school should no longer be considered a magnet school. It has below average students who flunk out of classes because they are more concerned about their social lives then They do their grades or classes. I'm not totally sure how they even made it past the lottery to get into the school with their grades from middle school being so below average. I was hoping to graduate from north west early but long story short they get a certain amount of money for every student enrolled. they do not want to loose the money they are getting because you are at their school by letting you graduate early. I left this school to graduate early and was so much better off for it. I didn't not sign up to attend a magnet school to hang around a bunch of sex loving, weed smoking, slackers who couldn't care less about their grades. I could have gone to public school for free if I wanted to do that. On another note the only good teacher at the school was fired, due to false allegations from a stuck up group of girls at the school.If you plan on or your child plans on attending this school go else where. There are many more magnet high schools with  much better learning environment!!
