5	Michael's is my favorite place to have things framed.  The selection of frames is huge.  They have a good selection of acid free papers and lots of choices for cuts and bevels as well. Their prices are reasonable, even more reasonable if you wait for their half off framing coupons that appear in the newspaper at least twice a month.   I have had no less than 50 lithos, photos, paintings and such framed by Michael's and they have never damaged anything or caused me worry over any of them.   They are not the quickest, but they have work done when they say it will be done.
5	Not a crafty person... but again the business name hooked me.I have been in here a few times over the years, and all the locations seem pretty consistent - the place is absolutely gynormous, with thousands of products. Note: they have great "project-kits" for kids.The pricing seemed pretty reasonable - excepting the framing - does anyone know why it cost less to fix your transmission than to frame a freaking picture?
1	Two failures in the same parking lot. Imagine that. (Walmart is right next door.)This place is dirtier than the State Fair. Floor tiles are missing, I saw two kids running around barefoot. Ew. Light bulbs are out, and the place grows darker by the day. The air conditioning in the summer was out for weeks. WEEKS, in Arizona sun.  Even the employees were complaining about the heat problem. In addition to all of that, prices here are outrageous. You can feel yourself being scammed. Take the drive to JoAnn's at Desert Ridge, the gas is less expensive than foam shapes at Michael's.
4	Well, if you are a crafty sorta person, this is it.  (I, on the other hand, am really not).  So, you may ask, why the heck do I go here?Lotsa reasons:  silk flowers (so, I  give up on real blooms - they just die - I plant these baby's instead - and they last - and you know what?  They don't need water, they don't wilt, no bugs, no weeds.)Wrapping paper.  Photo Albums. Wedding favors.  Party Give-aways.  Pots.  Baskets.  Kids Crafts.  Spray Paint.  Frames.  And of course, this is a crafters heaven.... Maybe I need a real hobby - and when I do, this would be the place.  (until then, it works for the odds and ends around the house projects).Oh, don't expect anything fancy here, or finding easy help - assistance is pretty rare, so you are pretty much on your own in your hunt for your art project.  (and don't forget to bring in your 40% coupon: found in every sunday paper)
3	It's a craft store that doesn't seem to have many employee's.  When you find one, your lucky, then you find several in a row, but they just say HI and keep on walking by you.I don't go there often and with service they way it is, it won't be long before they shut thier doors.
3	This box store is usually understaffed and messy.  Great deals on all sorts of crafty items for those of us who are inclined to make things.
3	This location is a standard one for the chain and has plenty of options for arts, crafts, home decor that is already prepped, and fun kid activities. It was clean and relatively well organized considering the recent holiday season and the changing of the merchandise from holiday to Valentine's Day / Spring.  My only real complaint with the chain is the lack of staff availble to answer question or give advice while shopping.  Normally the only workers you will see are at the frame counter in the back or the cashier at the front.  Both of these employees are almost always handling a line of some kind and are unable to answer anything unless you wait in line to ask it. This location is no exception to this rule - there were two workers that we saw in the store - both happened to be cashiers this go around and both had a line.Overall: BI love the variety of options - I feel that they are less expensive than other crafts stores locally, but if you don't know where something is, or you need advice on a project - you're on your own.
1	I have been to this Michaels a few times and every time it is the same.  The employees are NOT interested in helping you with anything.  The store is pretty big and when you are looking for something very specific it can be hard to know where it is.  I have gotten an attitude from all employees that I have encountered here.
