4	Luisa's has amazing pizza.  This place might get overlooked because it is in the back part of a little shopping area on Montford, but if you have been overlooking it you have been missing out.  The pizza here is traditional Italian style (as close as you'll get in Charlotte) and the owner is a wonderful Italian woman named Luisa.  When I was a kid my favorite thing in the world to eat was garlic bread with cheese and marinara sauce on the side- it's simple but delicious (they have great sauce) and it's the size of a small pizza, so it's plenty of food.
4	Best (Italian Style) Pizza in Charlotte.  For a thin crusted Italian style pizza, this by far the best place, tucked away in a little shopping center off of Montford.  It's family friendly, and the quality is consistently good. The Luisa (no meat) is my family's favorite, follow by the Milano when I am in the mode for  a bit of meat.  The spinach and meat lasagna  is great as well.
4	They have an awesome lunch buffet for $7.50 and that includes a soft drink, it just might be the best lunch special in town for the price and amount of food you get. I don't know if I would order a pizza for takeout, but I will keep going back for the lunch buffet. It's not the best pizza in the world, but it's good. The overall atmosphere and decor needs to be updated.
3	Pretty good pizza, not the best I've ever had but if you like good basic sauce and brick fired pizza this is a nice place.We frequent here because they have good sauce and the sauce does not have garlic in it so if you know someone with a garlic allergy you'd understand that to find good pizza where the sauce does not have garlic in it is unusual.The decor is a little outdated so don't expect to be overwhelmed with a trendy look. I think by my count there are 2 TVs in the place, not real big TVs but they have them. Good pizza place off the beaten path, it is on top of a small shopping center. There is no elevator (that I saw) so not sure if accessible.
5	If you are from New York or New Jersey and are really missing the taste of great thin crust pizza, you must order pizza from Luisa's Brick Oven.  This is the first great pizza I have had in Charlotte.  The crust is thin - the kind of crust you can fold in half to eat.  We ordered one large pizza - half cheese, half pepperoni and mushroom.  Very, very good.  We also ordered a medium Fiorentina pizza - no red suace, simply cheese, garlic, and spinach.  Wow was that pizza amazing!  My kids devoured it.  My husband voted for the traditional style red sauce and cheese as his personal favorite but I really think you can't go wrong with any of the pizzas on the list!  We can't wait to order from there again.
5	My review is primarily for the lunch buffet.  For about 7 dollars you can't do much better.  The pizzas are fresh.  They usually have about 8 to choose from.  And, they also take requests for what pizza to make next.If you want a quick, affordable, yet quality pizza lunch, you should give Luisa's a try.
4	I also have only been here for the lunch buffet and it's great.  Affordable pirce for all you can eat pizza and salad.  The staff is really friendly, they keep the pizzas fresh and take requests as well.  Oh and the pizza is really good.  Perfect for lunch with friends during the work week.
4	I have been to Luisa's a number of times for the lunch buffet over the past few years and I find it is a good value.  There is a small salad selection available with lettuce, tomatoes, and pasta salad, but the main attraction is the pizza.  The buffet is quite busy for lunch and often there is a wait for the pizza to come out so if you are on the clock or in a hurry I would not advise a trip.  The pizza itself is thin crust, but not crispy more the floppy foldable slices style.  I personally like the tomato and pesto, but the other selections are good also.   Overall the quality is good and the price is great.  The buffet with a drink comes to about 7 or 8 dollars.  The pizza itself is not my favorite in Charlotte and I wouldn't choose it if I were getting a single pizza, but if you want to try a variety of slices at once Luisa's is a good option.
2	I wanted to enjoy this restaurant...I really did, considering that's it's locally owned and in the hot Montford area. However; my recent visit was a little disappointing. Decided to sit outside because there was a shady spot on the small patio area (3 tables). Was offered the buffet by the hostess and the waitress, but wanted to see the menu as well. While they were getting the menus I decided to check out the buffet. My initial reaction was a short giggle, as the buffet is just a few pizza choices (4-5) I believe, and a big stainless bowl that had salad it in and it looked like it was doused in dressing. Um, no thanks. Started with an order of the mozzarella sticks, which were good...nothing fancy. When asking the waitress what pizza she recommended she said I'm not sure, I don't eat it (hmmm?). I was a little taken back by that and asked the wife if I heard her correctly after she left and she said I did. Anyway, that comment aside, decided to get the eggplant special pizza with sun-dried tomatoes on the side. Special pizza is suppose to come with eggplant, provolone, garlic and parmesean. Then we added half of sun dried tomatoes. Even pointed to the menu to make sure the waitress got it right...size was 15". Well after the mozza sticks the pizza came out and at first glace I knew it was wrong because half the pizza had eggplant and the other half had sun dried tomatoes. The pizza also had so much oil/grease on it, I had to go back inside and get extra napkins to pat it down. Decided to let the obvious misorder go and try the pizza...sure enough, just a cheese pizza with a topping on each half. This was reaffirmed when the check came and it said 1/2 sun dried, 1/2 eggplant. Not what I ordered. A small item that no red pepper flakes were brought out or on the table so I had to go back inside and get them from a table. We were also charged for an extra drink we did not get. When I asked the waitress what the extra charge was she said it was for our 2 drinks. I reminded her politely that we only had 1 drink and a water. Without apologizing for the honest mistake, she just looked at the person I was paying and said remove a drink and walked away. All and all, a "eh" experience. Recommendations...spruce up the buffet and leave the dressing off the side and make sure the pizza is labeled and fresh. Also, better knowledge of the menu by the waitstaff so answering questions and looking for recommendations aren't returned with awkward responses. Bummer...potential is there...
2	Ehhhh it breaks my heart to write less than stellar things about a pizza joint, even more so about a local pizza joint. I've been on the prowl for delicious pizza - of any kind (NY or Chicago) for more than three years now. Thus I was really, REALLY hoping that Luisa's dished out a delicious pie. The overall experience really left me with "meh."Hubs and I walked into Luisa's to enjoy a relaxed Friday afternoon meal and wanted to sit outside to enjoy the great weather. Our initial greeting from the gentleman (owner? manager?) was so sweet - he genuinely seemed happy to help us. I had high hopes at that point...and then our waitress took over and it went down hill...fast.We decided to forgo the buffet and order an appetizer of mozzarella sticks and a 'za - intending to take some home. The mozza sticks were good...however I've never had a bad piece of fried cheese. Then we waited for our 'za - not too long, though! In 15 - 20 minutes or so our pie came out...wrong. The waitress must have misinterpreted our order, but no worries...we decided to eat it anyway. That's all on us...not complaining about that. The problems were 1) the waitress never brought us silverware, red pepper flakes, extra napkins, etc., so hubs kept going inside to grab these necessary items. Tres annoying. 2) the pizza was full of grease. I'm normally a "pizza blotter" anyway, but this was an obscene amount of grease. Ack. After I blotted away, the pizza was just ok - not very inspired. Very little flavor and super bland. I expected a tasty, crispy crust too, considering the "brick oven"...but alas it was sub par. We brought the majority of the pizza home...and I don't think we ever ate it. That tells you something because I will typically eat pizza for breakfast, lunch and dinner. As Todd W. said - we both really wanted to like Luisa's but it just fell short. Maybe the waitress and the brick ovens were having an off day? Sad 'za, sad face.
5	Best pizza in Charlotte.  The pizza is thin crust style.  The brick oven is a real wood fired unit.  The antipasto salad is huge and fresh.  The staff and owner are friendly and on top of things.Tuesday is kid's night so it's great if you need a local fun place for the whole family.  The other nights are quieter and more conducive to conversation.
3	Pretty good pizza! A little pricey but you get a decent amount for the money. Other people have mentioned Jet's and for whatever reason I prefer it's pizzas (the smaller square ones) to Luisa's.
5	Always great and friendly.  Just celebrated their 20 th anniversary and 1,000,000 pie.  Well deserved success. Best pizza in Charlotte..
5	Our family gathers here about once a month...there are about 20 of us! As a matter of fact, you can see our faces posted on their wall. The Milano and Florentine pizza's can't be beat. Always friendly service and amazing food!
3	Great pizza. If you like thin pizza.  Great flavor
5	Excellent thin crust, oven baked pizza.  Jeff and his staff do a great job. Love this place.
5	I just realized I have never reviewed this restaurant but have been coming here since we moved to Charlotte a little over two years ago.  LOVE this place! They make their own dough and sauce daily and pizzas are baked in a REAL wood-fired oven.  This is thin crust pizza at it's finest!  The antipasto is fresh, cold, and huge..will easily feed four.  The Wine list is small but good selection and very reasonably priced.  Service is friendly and efficient.  Most nights you will find Jeff, the affable owner seating tables.  (The story goes Luisa brought the oven from Italy, opened the  restaurant and  then Jeff bought it)  Tuesdays is KIDS NIGHT, so be warned.  Although, I must admit that even though I don't like kids much, I have braved the masses to feed my Luisa's craving on several Tuesdays...it's that good!  Oh, and save room for desert, both the Tiramisu and the Cannoli are house-made, fresh, and outstanding!
4	Was flipping through the good ol' Entertainment Book on Wednesday looking for a place to go for dinner, and came across a buy one get one free coupon for Luisa's.  Had never been there before, but decided what better enticement to try a place for the first time than a BOGO, so off we went.  Headed up the stairs to the entrance and was greeted by a friendly server who said we could sit wherever we wanted and he would follow with our menus.  There were only a handful of folks there, but it was about 45mins before closing time, so not a huge deal at all.  The place had a couple of tv's set to soccer and I asked if he could switch one to the NCAA tournament game, and he said no problem.   We decided to try the hot wings as an appetizer and went with 1 Italian Sausage and 1 Pepperoni Pizza as our main course.  The wings were solid but not spectacular, as the sauce was hot but not overwhelmingly so and the actual wings were decent size but didn't really stand out in any way.  The pizzas were also solid but not spectacular, as they were comparable to other competitors in the local market.What elevates Luisa's from 3 to 4 stars is the service.  They really treat their customers like they value them and it shows in their attention to detail and level of attentiveness.  Our server did a great job of making sure our drinks were consistently filled and he checked multiple times to make sure everything was ok.  He was very personable without being intrusive, and overall did a great job (even though he was a Duke fan..ugh!).   Also, it is always a nice touch when the manager swings by to check on things, and to see if there was anything he could do to make our dining experience even better, so kudos to Luisa's for making their customers feel like they are priority number one!  With the Entertainment Book coupon, it was a solid value, as the 2 Pizzas, 1 App, and water for drinks only set us back about $20.   Again, the food was solid, but what sets Luisa's apart is the excellent customer service.
5	First time me and my wife had ever been there and it won't be the last. To me the #1 thing i loved from Luisa's (other than the pizza) was the hospitality. Jeff made us feel at home since we walked through the door. Everyone made us feel like we were locals, even though this was our 1st time here. Jeff and his wife made our lack of knowledge of their menu a non-issue. The pizza was everything that my wife and i had expected and the bruschetta.....AWESOME.Whenever my wife or i have a pizza craving, we know that Luisa's is the spot. Awesome pizza and great service...what more can you ask for?
5	Are you ready for this review?  Maybe I should call it a rant.I grew up in the Chicago area, home of three distinct, indigenous styles of pizza.  I know pizza and consider myself a pizza snob, which is different than a pizza chauvinist.  A chauvinist only likes one kind of pizza, usually the one they grew up with, and will insult all other styles.  I, on the other hand, appreciate high quality, lovingly prepared pizza of every style.The South is pretty much a pizza wasteland.  Most people's concept of "pizza" is Papa John's, which is fast food.  They want to feed six people for fifteen bucks, with cheap, doughy, conveyor-belt-oven pizza.  Ugh.And every time I've lived somewhere new, someone will always say, "Oh, man, so-and-so is the BEST pizza," and 100% of the time, that person is always wrong.  For example, Fuel Pizza in Charlotte is popular, but it is inedible.  Just lame.  It's like a slightly higher end version of Papa John's.Anyway, I write all this to establish my pizza "bona fides," as they say.  And lemme tell ya, Luisa's pizza is simply amazing.  The dough is a slow-fermented thing of beauty.  It has a delicious flavor, soft in parts and crispy in parts, with a good hole structure and a nice cornicione (if you're not a pizza geek, Google it ;-)).  The toppings are appropriately applied so as to maintain the perfect balance of ingredients.  This is one fine thin crust pizza.  It isn't exactly "NY" style, but maybe "NY elite" with a side trip to Italy.  The recipe and brick oven are from an Italian family (Luisa herself, before she sold the place to Jeff many, many years ago).  This is the only pizza place in Charlotte that I will spend money at.  Everything else is a waste of time and money.  Do yourself a favor and eat at Luisa's.  Trust me on this.
5	First of all, move your vienna beef hotdog eating ass back to Chicago! No one likes you or your slander. This is pizza for people who know what pizza is - vs a bowl of cheese and slop that they call chicago-style pizza. No one likes Uno - it failed here for a reason. This is not a place for dBags, snotty-types, nor big timers. They have the best pie by a mile and the service will rock your lame ass! Do you really think they have slung well over a MILLION pizzas out of that brick over b/c there is any doubt about the quality? Really? Again, I drive to Charlotte from Dallas and have to fight my daughter to get to go and see family before Luisas, so great is the pie - and the world's greatest waitress also. Go here, eat, and be happy!
5	Hey rating pizza is like buying clothes. Everyone has different tastes.  But for me this place rocks.  The ingredients are decent quality, the dough is light and semi crispy,  the sauce is not too tangy and actually tastes like tomatos. This is MY favorite pizza in Charlotte so far.
4	Great, very authentic brick-oven pizza.
4	Good Pizza. The service wasn't so great. The decor...not so great. The brick oven is visual when you first enter which is cool. I would go back.
4	It has been a long time since I have eaten at Luisa's.   When we first walked in, the place looked a bit dated and I was a bit concerned that it would not be as good as I remember. However, I was pleasantly suprised. We ordered the Fiorentina -which is thin crust topped with red sauce, spinach, garlic, fontina, parmigiano, & mozzarella.  We added chicken to it...which came to about $22 for a 17 inch pizza.   The pizza was nice & flavorful... not at all greasy.  The thin crust was nice & crispy, just the way it should be coming out of the brick oven.  We were so pleased to see that the quality of the food is as good as we remembered.
5	Wow, why has it taken me nearly 2 years to find this place??? I am a huge fan of pizza, but don't really care for a mediocre pie. Luisa's is as good as it gets. Granted, I have only had take-out from here so I can't comment on the service, but this is a perfect mix of New York style and brick oven -  delicious thin crust, corn meal on the bottom, whole milk mozzarella...delish. Our pizza had pepperoni, onions, and olives. I was surprised (and admittedly apprehensive) to see red onions when I opened the box, but they were delicious and probably even better than white onions.Next time we order pizza, it will ABSOLUTELY be from Luisa's!
2	I will first say we only ordered pizza and have never come in for a full dinner so perhaps this is unfair to review but this was my experience. Very friendly and cute little restaurant and the menu looked pretty good from what I saw online, but we only wanted a pie to go. I gotta say, we were disappointed. I was skeptical about brick oven because generally speaking the best pizza does not come out of a brick oven. We have tried most of the local pizza joints and have not had good luck of late and we try our best to stay away from the national chains. I wanted to like the pizza, but it just wasn't very good. The crust was so thin it was soggy everywhere but the edges. The edge crust was tasty and that was the highlight, which ironically is usually the least enjoyable part of a pizza. Since the crust was so thin and soggy in the middle, it did not fill us up and it could not support much sauce or toppings either. Pizza is supposed to have a thin crust, but that doesn't mean it should be so thin that its soggy and without structure enough to hold a tasty sauce, cheese and toppings. I've lived in different parts of Charlotte and for some reason all the good places are up on the northern side of town. I guess we'll have to start driving a little further for it. I give up on any place south of Harris Blvd.
5	More than Pizza!  Meat Sauce on Pasta (or in a Bowl) is VERY Good!  Might be the best in Charlotte!  Get Here EARLY the place gets Crowded and the Parking lot fills up fast!Pizza here is Very Good, the Lunch Buffet is very Popular and as good as getting a Pie at Night!  This Pizza is WAY Better than Al's Pizza and is also Better than Jett's and Fuel!Meat Sauce on Pasta Mmmmmm!!!  This one is Mmmm YUMMM!  One of my Favorites... Just right on the Spices and Meaty!  Very Good Flavor!This Italian Sandwich could be avoided if you can get out of the Neighborhood... Which means they BEAT a lot of places on Sandwiches:  They Beat Al's Pizza, Mcallister's, Which Wich, Jason's Deli, Fuel and probably everyone in the Neighborhood!  Compared to their Competition (just in the Neighborhood) they would get 4 stars or more on the Sandwich, Compared to the Best in Concord, Charlotte, Cornelius and Rock Hill, the Sandwich would rate 2-3 yelp stars, closer to 2 probably!Vavid!!!  I do not consider this place a Lookalota, though many will, from the Parking lot to the Stairway to the entrance to the Dinning Room!  You could get a WHOLE Lot of Attention here though not everyone would notice, nor be happy about it... You can probably ignore it and be fine!!!  People watching People is entertaining sometimes for sure, it would be nicer if more subtle...
5	BEST PIZZA IN CHARLOTTE!! We live 30 minutes from Luisa's but we look for every opportunity possible to go eat there.  A friend of mine recommended it as fantastic pizza and literally thought she was crazy.  There are probably 1,000 pizza joints in Charlotte what could make this one so amazing?  Well, she was right.The first time we went we ordered the 4 cheese and we loved it so much that's what we've gotten on all of our other visits.  The dough is perfectly cooked, and the service is super fast so it gets to your table with the cheese still bubbling.  After we had each eaten 2 pieces we realized we weren't even talking - it was so good we just wanted to eat.  It's like pizza cotton candy - it's so delicate it just melts in your mouth.  I don't know how anyone manages to not eat the entire pizza but I have seen people leaving with left overs.Great job Luisa's - we'll be back soon!
5	We found Luisa's on Foodie Call, and soooo glad we did! Great specialty pies, great pizza, awesome crust...I have found my new favorite pizza place!
2	Went to Luisa's for the lunch buffet. Very limited selection, but they were nice enough to take requests. The pizza was amazingly thin, and the service was good at first.  However, the pizza itself didn't wow me. The crust and sauce both lacked flavor, and even a well done pizza was still soggy. I like thin pizza with an initial crunch then some chew to the crust. This had neither. The buffet salad was predressed and quite soggy.  After the first round of drinks, we had to go to the desk to ask for every refill.
4	After spending most of my childhood in NYC, I am always on a hunt for a great New York style slice/pie, as I don't believe in pizza delivery, I was very impressed with Luisa's. The freshness of the ingredients & the dough, cooked to perfection, we enjoyed! I have not had a chance to make it during lunch, but want to get there based on other yelp comments. A true hidden pizza spot in Charlotte.
4	I was super excited to give this place a try after reading the awesome reviews. I'm always looking for amazing pizza in Charlotte and this place did not disappoint. I kept it simple and ordered a small pie half cheese and half pepperoni. While I was waiting I noticed all the pies that kept flying out the kitchen for the lunch buffet! They had a lot of different options and the super helpful and pleasant staff told me they take request for the buffet...whooo hooo!!! Seriously?!?! Yeah, I will definitely have to return for that...it's open Monday-Friday from 11:00-2:00. My pie was ready in about 15 minutes. I really liked the thin crunchy crust! And the flavor from the brick oven was awesome. I'm seriously falling in love with brick oven pizza!!! Not really a problem, but they say the first step is admitting it! Anyhoo...I also really liked that they didn't overwhelm the pizza with too much sauce which is a huge pet peeve of mine! The cheese blend was excellent and they were pretty heavy handed with the pepperoni...which is always a good thing. One downside was the parking. It was a bit of a nightmare, I during the lunch rush so it was hard to find a spot and when I finally did it was on the side of the building in a compact space...and while my car is far from compact I made it work. Well when I came out I was backed in...but some VERY helpful staff helped me out and of the tight jam. Just goes to show that their excellent customer service extends outside of the restaurant. Awesome! Like I told Amy C, I definitely recommend trying this place!! I know I will be back because that lunch buffet is calling my name!!!
4	I love this place. The pizza is great, very tasty, and has thin crust. The pizza is cooked in a brick oven, and doesn't take long to cook, so the food is ready soon after ordering. I love the taste, the service is good, the variety of ingredients is plenty, and the price isn't too high. And their lunch buffet is worth the price.
5	YES!!! Real Italian style pizza in Charlotte!I ordered one of the specialty pies that has prosciutto and it was great! I would recommend it to everyone, I would scream Luisas from the highest mountain top, and I would declare that this prosciutto pizza is the finest pie in the Queen City. Toasted ravioli here was great. The marinara sauce is fantastic as well!
4	$8 for an all-you-can-eat pizza buffet? It sure beats the heck out of others I've experienced elsewhere and the offerings are straightforward, well-executed, and not withholding on variety. We came in at peak lunch hours and still managed to grab a seat, indulge, and get out in about 35 minutes. The buffet is small, but awesome. A few tasty salad options at the start and a generous variety of pizzas. Several vegetarian options, some with meat, some plain, some more complex. My favorite was the pepperoni with pesto and any that had a blackened crust. I'm a large proponent, and of the school, in blackened pizza. A well-done crust, rather. This flavor is key and it makes the flavors really sing in a properly developed dough. The hearth of that gorgeous oven is making a rather fine pie. Where the buffet is awesome, some of the pies were getting shucked in and out quickly, so the middle was a little underdone. No worries, though. The black crust totally made up for it. In and out for the two of us at $20 is a steal and well worth it. I'm really looking forward to visiting again soon. Here's to you with a well-deserved tip of the hat, Luisa's. I'll be back soon.
4	I used to hit up Luisa's a couple times a month back when I worked in Southpark. It's a wonderful place to get a quick, filling lunch that won't cost you an arm and a leg.I've never been in the evening, but if the crowd for lunch is any indication, it's got to be busy as well. I've always gone with the buffet, complete with salad (and lots of extra tomatoes).Pizza is super thin crust, but not cracker-y. Plenty of varieties to choose from. Fortunately, not all were topped with meat-and I really enjoyed the white pizza and a pesto tomato pizza.The Mr and I sat outside and relished in the lovely weather, and our cups did not run dry.Definitely make the trip up the steps and give Luisa's a try.
5	Amazing pizza... the crust is on point and there is the right amount of cheese. I normally eat 1-2 slices but with Luisa's I stuff 1/2 a pizza in. For some reason not a lot of people I know eat here... I am slowly converting them to Luisa's lovers by bringing them pizza from here. I prefer to order for pick up but have eaten there a few times and its a good family friendly place. I hear rave reviews about the lunch buffet from co-workers..
4	The pizza here is so good! I had never even heard of Luisa's until a few months ago when someone told me I HAD to check this place out.. I'm so glad I did! I've eaten here 3 times & have not been disappointed yet. On our first visit, my BF & I got the 17" with half Rodolfo- artichokes, ham, mushrooms, & some red sauce & pesto (he subs out the ham for ground beef) & half Bianca- a 3-cheese blend of mozzarella, provolone, & parmesan, garlic, sun-dried tomatoes, & no sauce! OMG I don't even know if I have the words to describe it.. It is so delicious I could probably eat a 17" by myself in one sitting!I guess BF liked the Rodolfo since he got it again when we went a 2nd time. I also got the Bianca again.. I don't even know if I want to try anything else since the Bianca is amazing already. The crust is very thin with some cornmeal dusting on the bottom.. very nice touch. We also tried a couple of apps.. BF got the calamari & he wasn't crazy about it & I also tried the fried mushrooms. They were good, but very juicy, so it was kind of weird. I'm happy enough if we just stick to the tasty pizza!On my last visit, I tried the lunch buffet with a friend. For $8 you get a soft drink and unlimited salad & pizza. The salad was ok & they had several different pizzas to choose from. I went with a cheese & pesto pizza.. greasy but still good enough that I ended up eating 5 slices :) Can't wait to go back!
5	Luisa's claims that for years they tried to get the authentic taste of pizza they remembered from "the old country". Nothing they tried seemed to produce the flavorful pizzas they remembered in Italy. In an effort to reproduce the pizzas from their homeland, they went so far as to install a wood fired brick oven. Well, for them, this was the key to much success ! The pizzas here do have that extra something that puts them ahead of the competition. My wife's favorite food is pizza, and she has gone to some effort to hunt down by word of mouth the best here in Charlotte, and this tops the list. I can only take the word of the cooks, but the oven is the key. You can see right into the oven from the counter, and sure 'nuf, you can see the wood afire inside. We haven't tried the entire menu, but everything we've ordered here is excellent. Its just a little hard to find, but thats OK with me, otherwise it probably would be so crowded you couldn't get a table. I'd give it six stars if I could !
5	Stopped by last week for lunch buffet and they were filming a MTV reality show, inside. How cool is that? Love the pizza, and Lori is the best waitress ever !! When go with friends we fight over the pizza slices that have bubbles and the crust is a little char'd, yum. Check out their pesto pizza slices too..
5	I need to know if you make a pizza with either whole grain or whole wheat ?Diabetics have a hard way to go. Thanks
5	This is the best pizza in Charlotte hands down. The pizza is done in the Italian style with outstanding thin crust. The brick oven provides a great texture. Great toppings like salami. Their Coke machine is always well maintained so the Coke Zero tastes great. Service is generally good. Ambience is ok.
3	The pizza is great. Service? NotSo much. One of the waiters here asks every customer: "Parmesan?" Everyone said yes. But no cheese was forthcoming anytime during our meals. The closing time is 10:00 PM but they're putting chairs up on tables at 9:20? Tables around us go without cleaning and full I f dirty plates and drink cups during our entire meal. It just looks sloppy.Here's hoping they clean up their service to match the quality of the pizza.
1	Was excited to come here. Brought kids. Awful service. Nasty. Got sick. Do not recommend.
4	One of the very few places I know that uses an authentic brick oven. Their crusts are thin, and that's jus the way I like them. They have a few Italian signature pizzas that you have to try, but you can also make your own. I've also learnt that there's no limit to the number of toppings you can order on your pizza. If you are a wine lover they also have a few selections that are good but not too pricey, especially if you want to order a bottle to go.
4	If I'm going to have a pizza it's not going to be Pizza Hut or Domino's. I want something made from scratch preferably baked in an oven from Italy. This is what you get a Luisa's.Their flavors are simple, clean and fresh. I have to fight my boyfriend for bites of lasagna. Their wines by the glass are reasonably priced and they have a pretty ok craft beer selection.Pasta entrees come with a salad and garlic bread that is garlic butter pizza crust,They must bake love into their pies because you can certainly taste the care. Service can be a scotch slow but I keep on coming back from the heart and stomach filling pizzas.
4	Ordered from here through foodie call. I ordered the muffeletta pizza and my son got the hot wings. Being from Louisiana I can say that they nailed the flavors of a muffeletta sandwich on a pizza. The wings were huge and my son had leftovers because of the size of the order. A very satisfying experience and we will definitely go back.
3	Overall good experience.  Went for lunch with friends. They offer a lunch buffet. It had alot of varity, never ran out of pies. Parking is alittle cramped.
3	Stopped by Luisa's for a friend's birthday and it was a-ok. There are few options for signature pizzas and so I opted for a build-your-own-pie. I was surprised to see pickled jalapeno on the "premium" topic list (huh?) but the beer selection made up for it. Overall, the experience was ok and I would come back if I was in the area and craving pizza.
2	It distresses me to write this, because for several years Luisa's has been our go-to restaurant for birthdays and the place we brought out-of-town guests. The pizza has been fabulous, the best in Charlotte.  So for the pizza, in the past, this would have been a 4- or 5-star review.However, tonight's visit will be our last.  And yes, it was my wife's choice for her birthday celebration, so we drove almost 1/2 hour to get there.It started the moment we walked in the door.  The restaurant was nearly empty; only a couple of tables were occupied.  The hostess brought us to a table with two chairs and a corner banquette and said, "is this okay?". My wife, knowing we'd be getting at least two pizzas, said "no, it's really too small for two pizzas." So the hostess put us at the next table, which had no banquette...but the table-top was the exact same size! My wife started to say, 'but that table's still too small', but the hostess simply dropped her menus on the table and walked away without a backwards glance.  Now, there were plenty of eight-seater tables empty all around us...it's not like it was a packed house, so they certainly could have let us sit at a larger table.  As it was, when the second pizza came out, we had to put it on the table next to us simply because there was no room on ours.On to the waitress, who brought over a stack of plates, napkins and utensils and put them on the table, where the utensils promptly slid off.  Not a big deal, just loud when they hit the pizza stand.We started with our usual, the big salad, which is a salad that's big enough for all four of us to share. (Although, as it happened, my son's pasta dinner also came with a salad, but it was me who had to ask the waitress if he got one, since she didn't mention it.)  We asked for a couple of different dressings, since we were splitting the salad three ways and one cup of dressing isn't enough for all that salad anyway.  Turns out they charged us $.50 extra for the second dressing! Now, we've been there many times before and ordered as many as four different dressings, and never been charged extra. How cheap can you be, Luisa's? That salad's way too big for one cup of dressing.  The salad, by the way, didn't come with any serving utensils; we had to ask for them. And the lettuce was brown in places.The two pizzas arrived. The $20 eggplant specialty pizza had very little eggplant on it, and what was there was in big huge chunks rather than nice thin slices.  But the pizzas are good at Luisa's, can't take that away from them...although that eggplant one has been better in the past.My son's pasta came swimming in sauce, which was annoying since my wife had asked specifically for sauce on the side. But he didn't want me to send it back because he was hungry and didn't want to wait longer.We were surprised when the bill came, although the charges were correct they sure do add up fast! And of course monetarily that $.50 for 'extra' sauce wasn't a big deal...but it sure did rub the wrong way.  So my wife went to the guy at the cash register and said, you know, charging me $.50 for extra salad dressing is enough to make me not come back here' to which he replied in a bored and sarcastic voice, 'is it?'. VERY rude and with absolutely no interest in righting a problem.  I didn't hear this exchange because I was at the table counting out some money, but when my wife told me about the conversation when we got out to the car, I went back in and asked the guy...who, by the way, was the manager!...if they'd undergone a management change lately, he said no.  I said, well, things seem to have changed, and he said in what way, and I said, well, for one thing, the salad was brown, and he said 'was it?' in the same bored tone he used with my wife.Sadly, Luisa's seems to be on a slide downhill. I hate to see it happen, but when management simply doesn't care about quality service and customer relations, and is cheap enough to nickel and dime you for salad dressing, the writing's on the wall. With Libretto's right across the street, I think we'll be heading over there for future pizza outings.
3	We live right around the corner from Luisa's so we walk here all the time.  The pizza is hands down the best in Charlotte - SO delicious.  However, the service leaves a lot to be desired.  I often feel like I am bothering the servers just for putting in my order and the service is very slow.  Often my appetizers will come out after the pizza.  We have started solely doing takeout from here, but even then the cashier is usually fairly rude and short with us.  The pizza is top notch though so as take out customers we will probably continue to return!
3	So I've read all the reviews, mostly from my fellow Yelp Eliters, about this possibly being the best pizza in Charlotte. My first time here so I went for their famous pizza buffet as you get to try various types of their 'Za. I believe I tried one of everyone they put out.The first thing you notice is how THIN this pizza is. This to me is NOT "NY Style" pizze, but rather classic Neopolitan....with minimal toppings and a crust you can almost see through.The thin crust was nicely baked, and the rim edges were crunchy and flavorful. Toppings were tasty as well. But in a Neopolitan you simply cannot put too many toppings on it due to the uber thin crust which couldn't take the weight.For only $9, you get all you can eat pizza, pasta salad, regular salad, and a drink. That is a pretty good deal!But I have come to the easy conclusion that this is not even close to being "the best" pizza in Charlotte. It's tasty and good, nice staff, but to me, Portofino's pizza and some of the other (gulp, hold your breath) chain restaurants like Brixx are better than Luisa's. Maybe it's because I grew up eating Chicago THIN (yes, Chicago has it's own THIN style) pizza which have tons of flavorful toppings. I just can't get past the whole ("hey honey, you can see through the crust) uber thin crust style. Hey it's good, don't get me wrong, just not my thing.And for the record, New York style IS THICKER than this crust. Not much, but New Yorkers do enjoy toppings on their pizza's as well.I'd definitely come back though for a good pizza buffet. Maybe I should order a full pie to go and see how that differs from their lunch buffet?
5	In town this weekend for the ACC championship game and the hubby was craving pizza. After perusing yelp and looking thru the Charlotte Magazine, we found Luisa's. Luisa's is definitely a family owned restaurants with pizza as its specialty. Having  been to Italy (and now a very picky pizza eater), Luisa's does a great job coming close. I'm a thin pizza crust lover (or I'd prefer no crust), so this was perfect for me. It's brick oven pizza, so the edges are slightly burnt.... just like traditional Italian pizza.It's a very home like feeling and everyone that works there was super friendly.Great find on our short trip and exactly what we were looking for!
3	Came here one night when it was empty. It was in a decent out of the way location. Wait staff was friendly. Pizza came out very fast.Not as big and filling as other places I've been to, but it was pretty good and decent. I plan on coming back to try their buffet.
4	Went for dinner on a saturday night. Food came out very quick and hot. The thin crust is so good.
