5	This place is amazing!  Quality ingredients and the best service in town.  Oscar is the greatest server!!!  Delish chips and salsa! The food is amazing, the Burrito Tropical with grilled chicken is to die for!! mmhmm
5	OMG, the Chimichanga Mediterranea is one of my favorite all time dishes in Dane County!!! Seriously, it is amazing! I can't even tell you about anything else on their menu as I'd never order anything else as I am addicted to this. Seafood stuffed chimi with that white sauce, and fresh grilled veggies on the side. Plus their chips and salsa are excellent!Nice outdoor deck seating.
5	The chicken en rajas poblanas was excellent. Tender white meat is not always a given in Mexican dishes, but the quality of chicken in this dish was exceptional. My meal was served quickly and the server was very attentive.
4	My friends are in love with Mexican food and brought my husband and I to Casa del Sol.  My fish enchiladas were amazing - I loved the sauce!  I also really loved their chips and salsa served before the meal.  The chips come with slices of carrots - sounds weird, but they are delicious!  We requested more carrots and they brought a little bowl out for us.  The server was friendly, but not overbearing, so that was nice.  I gave it four stars instead of five for two reasons: 1) unfortunately the chips were a combo flour/corn, so my husband who needs to eat wheat-free couldn't have them, 2) the raspberry margarita was delicious, but not much alcohol, so that could have been better
3	Went there for lunch before a movie.  I had the chimichanga  with shredded beef.  Very best I've ever had.The beef was very tender and juicy. Just enough spice. And the sauce was not too salty like most places.  My husband on the other hand had house burrito with shredded beef. First few bites were shredded beef but the last 1/3 was some white meat, perhaps pork? It almost taste like turkey. Service very quick, Oscar our server was nice and alert.  My husband didn't complain because he's too polite. I ordered ice tea and they didn't have anything on the table to sweeten it, nor they offered. Which is fine with me because I like my ice tea plain anyways. Think worth give this place another try another day
5	We eat here every chance we get. We live about 30 minutes away, but we still get there every week or two. I love this place... the food is excellent and the manager is a sweetheart. The cheese enchiladas.... yeah... get those. Also, the specials are always great! My favorite restaurant since moving to Wisconsin!
4	What to say? Been here more than a few times with the family - mostly with a coupon. The restaurant is located on the top of a hill - personally, the outside is prettier than the inside. And if it's not scorching hot and humid, I'd recommend sitting on the patio.  The atmosphere is just not there for me. Call me a hypocrite - if the food's good, who cares about the atmosphere, right? Scratch that - You need it inside Casa Del Sol. Something is just missing, maybe booths? I just don't feel comfortable eating there. But, the food is good. I wouldn't say it's excellent - but it's worth the trip. I've tried the enchiladas, chicken fajitas and the chille relleno. The service is usually great and quick. Margaritas not too bad either. The atmosphere just kills it for me as a night out on the town. More for family gatherings - because this place isn't meant reeling in customers by the dining room setting - it's the food. And it's (sorta) worth it!
4	Probably would have given it five stars for the food except that the tortilla chips were really spicy to me, I am a wimp about spicy food.  They put some kind of hot seasoning on them.  I think the salsa was spicy too but couldn't tell because the chips already spiced me out.  So I didn't eat them.  Good for the diet but disappointed because I love tortilla chips!  I had the Chimichanga Mediterranea which was EXCELLENT.  Plump yummy shrimp on top, the chimichanga itself was very good, rich and flavorful.  Probably a zillion calories. Came with white rice which was cooked well, and grilled vegetable which were great except the zuchini was bitter as it often can be.   Service was okay except it took a while for them to take my payment.  I was a single diner and it wasn't very busy when I went for dinner on a Tuesday night.  I'd go again and have the same thing, or maybe try the shredded beef chimichanga.
5	Loved the food, loved the atmosphere, loved the service!!! It is the best Mexican eatery I have been at since moving to Madison.
1	I had the tamales here, and the whole dish was disgusting. The rice tasted like super cheap Chinese take out, and don't even get me started on the beans. The waitress was nice, but that was the only good thing.
2	We went here last weekend, and I almost forgot to review it because it was just that underwhelming.  We were seated by the kitchen, which meant every 5 seconds someone came bursting out of the metal swinging doors running.  I was briefly impressed by the quick pace of the waitstaff even though the constant bursting of the metal doors was annoying.   It made me think "oh wow, these guys are on the ball!"  That wasn't the case for our waiter.  His demeanor, movements, and voice indicated that we had gotten the stoned waiter.  Not the the giggly, silly stoner, more like the "I'm barely conscious" stoner.I had to repeat my order three times to him to get it right "Mole burrito with mixed vegetables."  At one point he asked someone in our party if they wanted a refill on their soda, the answer was yes.  The refill came at the end of the meal with the check.  As other waiters were practically running back and forth, our server was seen trudging slowly and aimlessly at times.  Maybe he was lost, maybe he was on a journey, maybe he got some bad weed.  The food itself was underwhelming, that is, when it finally arrived.  The tortilla used for the burrito was pretty soggy, indicating it had been sitting around for a while after it was made.  The mole sauce was insulting.  I make a better, meaner mole at home that puts Casa's to shame.  The appetizer cornbread was the best thing out of all the dishes, but like someone else had mentioned, there wasn't enough butter to go with it.  The atmosphere is strange.  Big, open, cavernous spaces filled with tables, and a terrible acoustics problem.  Get a bunch of people in there, along with the exploding metal kitchen doors, and I couldn't hear anything my dining companions were saying unless I leaned in, turned my ear toward them, and asked them to repeat themselves.  Bad service, mediocre food, and terrible atmosphere combined equals a bad time, and no repeat performance.
4	I came here for the first time in a few years for work lunch.  The place was pretty quiet inside - though the outside tables were full.The service was quick and pleasant.  I opted for the verde pork chili.  It was really good though, not as spicy as I had hoped.  The serving was generous - more than ample for one lunch, brought the back home for left overs.While it was pretty quiet for us, I have been here before when it was quite busy and loud.  That's partly the nature of the place - lots of hard surfaces, bare walls, etc.  And, yes, when they are busy, there is a lot of rushing of servers around, etc...
4	The seating in the dining area is pretty bare.  Service was very fast, even had we not been occupied with the chips and salsa.I get the same thing pretty much every Mexican place I go to (name that Johnny Depp movie) - enchiladas - and these were a cut above.  Meats were juicy without being runny or greasy.
4	My favorite for Mexican in the Madison area, especially in the summer when you can sit outside on the deck. I've never had a bad meal here, and whatever the "special of the day" is- order it. It's usually very good.
5	I've been there many times and they are always very good. When you go out to eat with five people ordering five different things, usually one is not happy with their meal. This is not the case at Casa del Sol. The staff is great, the food doesn't take long and the price isn't bad either.
5	This place has some seriously amazing Mexican food. Folks... Mexican in my book does not usually equal "five stars," so listen up.Casa del Sol has your classics (enchilada, fajita, tamale) plus some more "gourmet" style dishes that mix it up with unusual ingredients. Everything we tried was fabulously fresh and flavorful... the trifecta of "F" adjectives.We tried the "burrito tropical" with pork (mango, pineapple, and Caribbean spices integrated with more typical burrito ingredients) and the "Playa del Carmen" fish enchiladas and highly recommend both. Everything was served at just the right temperature, salt level, etc. The meat (and all the other ingredients for that matter) seemed to be good quality, which is rarer than it should be. Even the rice and beans on the side were tasty.Our server was really, really, incredibly enthusiastic. It was odd to me that someone was so excited to be at work on a Monday night, but what the heck, I'll take it.
4	A very good Mexican restaurant for Madison.  The bar is nice and cozy and the beer is always cold.  Good selection of beer too.Food is excellent.  I usually go for a burrito but sometimes the have very interesting specials that are always great.  I had one that used cactus and it was a nice gamble for me.  Introduced something new for my palate.The chips and salsa as appetizers are amount the best in town.  Te hot sauce has a good bite and the chips themselves have some good spice.Definitely a place to try if you are craving Mexican.
5	This place (and their sister restaurant, Casa de Lara-on State St), is the very best Mexican food Madison has to offer. Forget the  Pedro's and Laredo's nonsense. This place is FAB!Their chips are thin, crispy, and excellently seasoned. Their salsa, fresh with just a little kick. With each basket of chips they serve pickled carrots--which are absolutely delicious. My favorite dish is the Enchiladas Verdes- it's great with chicken or beef, but I usually get beef. The verde sauce is actually spicy! Most restaurant food in the Midwest doesn't deliver when they promise spice, but this place does. Take those little chili pepper icons on the menu seriously. Both my brother as well as my boyfriend really enjoy their Torta, a type of pulled pork sandwich. It's inexpensive and was a staple when we'd dine out in college. Now that we're older and can afford more elaborate menu items, we still enjoy this simple dish. You get the option of ordering it with rice and beans or fries. Please choose the rice and beans! Their rice tastes freshly prepared and seasoned--NOT like the Mexican rice-a-roni crap served at some places. And, I'm sure they must use some good fat in their re-fried beans, because they taste like heaven.When we went recently for my boyfriends birthday, a sexy waiter who looked like Antonio Banderas recommended the daily special. He offered to give our order to us for free if we didn't love it. He checked back several times during the meal to make sure we were happy with our choice, and seemed genuinely concerned with our satisfaction. While I prefer my usual order, the special, some homemade beef soup and burrito, were also excellent. I can't even count how many times I've gone to Casa de Lara on State St., but I've been to Casa del Sol about 4 times now, and I will keep coming back as long as they're around!
3	I love Mexican which means I can be very picky about my Mexican food.  Casa del Sol did not disappoint.  Immediately we were served chips and salsa.  I was a big fan of the salsa, not a fan of the spicy carrots (?) and jalapenos that were put on the chips...too much hot for my liking.  I ordered a banana margarita and the three people I was with ordered margaritas as well along with waters.  It did take a while for us to get the waters, and even longer to get the margaritas, but they did fill up the waters quickly when we finished them.  I ordered the enchiladas chile poblano.  LOVED THEM.  They used real cheese, and lots of it, and the sauce was excellent.  I wish there was more of it.  The mexican rice that came as a side was also delicious.  My one complaint about the enchiladas was the the bottom of the tortillas were very tough and chewy, but overall, I would order those again.  All in all, I thought the prices were reasonable, the food excellent and the service average.
3	I dont get the reviews ?  i tried this place twice in the last couple weeks and the food was ok at best.  i sat in bar area both times and they seem to run short staffed as it took a while to be served and get refills both times.  they do seem very friendly once they get to you.
3	Good place, not great. Atmosphere was more casual than classy or sensual. Margaritas were ok, not too strong if your looking for that. Did have the badger game on and the server was friendly, probably the only pluses.
4	The food was very good. I was rather impressed by the large portions and fast service for food.  Our waiter was not very attentive but I think this was partially based on the fact that we were dining in the bar area. However, we went here for the margaritas and I was not that impressed.  Not terrible but not amazing. Great venue for a large party!
4	I didn't go in with super high expectations, but was pleasantly surprised. The manager went above and beyond for us. We were treated very well and our food/margaritas completely hit the  spot. Bueno.
4	I stopped in here yesterday for a quick lunch.  I dine here at least once every couple of months.  Always great service, good specials, and tasty food.
1	Cinco de Mayo at Casa Del Sol 2013. Waiting for a deck seat for an hour while waiting 30 minutes in between drinks? Not fun. Waiting for our cheese fondue which tasted more like a bowl of melted leftover cheese which was overpriced another 30 minutes - awesome fun. Our food? Boring. The vegetable fajitas I got was almost all onions and cactus. It was not good. The waiter was awful. I don't know if he just was having an off day but based on him standing in the bathroom texting or doing something standing in the stall - guessing he didn't take his job too seriously. A restaurant shouldn't be a 3 hour experience, especially when the ONLY customers were just in the patio seating except a FEW sparse people inside. We've gone there a couple times before and I'd rate it 3/5 for those experiences but this one is a solid -6/5. You know that feeling when you're so concerned the waiter won't come back that you want to shove them your credit card just so you won't have to wait another 30 minutes? Yes - that bad.
4	Casa Del Sol serves up pretty good Mexican grub. It's not the most authentic joint but that can have its advantages. By this I mean a bigger menu, bigger portions, tons of cheese, and most importantly good drinks. They also have a great kids menu. For instance: You want to go out for Mexican and your younger children don't want to. No worries! They can get chicken strips or macaroni and cheese here. What a smart idea. Not something you will find at some of the more authentic joints in town.
2	Not the worst, but for sure not the best.It is what I like to call American Mexican food. If your looking for authentic, this is not the place. If your looking for a large portion of beans and rice with still tasty food, this is where I would come. I'm not saying this is horrible food, I'm just saying that when I'm craving Mexican, I'm for sure not coming here.The wait staff was quick on their feet, and the Margarita I got was full of booze. So no complaints in that department. Nice outdoor seating! Great Bar area!I still giving this place only 2 stars because I have had good Mexican food, and this is just not it. If I had to rate it for decent food not as a genre.....3 stars, but there are so many other things I could eat for the same amount at better food joints.To recap- If you are hungry for American Mexican, this may be your favortie place after one visit. If you want Mexican, no no no. Forget it.
5	I have a lot of food allergies, the staff was very helpful with the menu and even prepared/grilled my food away from the rest to avoid cross-contamination. Plus, the Enchiladas Verdes was VERY good. I would definitely eat here again if I was in town.
2	If you like bland food that's Mexican in title only, subpar service, salsa that tastes like spicy spaghetti sauce, guacamole that's clearly from a bag (our server confirmed that it was "pre-mixed," and we all know what that means), and pitchers of margaritas that are basically all ice, this is the perfect restaurant for you.If, however, you're looking for an authentic Mexican restaurant that uses fresh ingredients and employs friendly, personable, and attentive servers, avoid this place at any cost.The guacamole was bland (at best) and awful (at worst).  Our server was barely at our table--we waited for our check for at least 20 minutes.  The food wasn't offensive, but was definitely disappointing, as I had heard that this was the place to go for "authentic" Mexican.  It's not.  Go buy yourself a frozen burrito, a can of refried beans, microwave some tortilla chips, and you've basically got exactly what you'd get if you ate here.  There were a lot of old, white people in the restaurant.  That's all I'm gonna say.  You can infer what you'd like from that.
3	I'd say 3.5, decent food, restaurant atmosphere is simple.
1	Miguel was the worst waiter.  He stopped by our table only 3 times... drink order, appetizer order and dinner order... then never again, not to check drinks or see if our food was good.  I ordered my meal without tomatoes and it was loaded and I returned it for a new one and still never saw Miguel.  The restaurant never offered a free dessert or anything to apologize for the wrong order.  The food was decent but the service was horrible.
3	This place is pretty much your average Mexican restaurant. Prices are reasonable, menu is typical, and food is pretty good.We went here for lunch and I ordered the mole enchiladas. They were pretty good and the portion was huge. The chips and salsa on the table was just ok; the chips definitely outshined the salsa.It was good for a quick lunch, but I wouldn't recommend going for a special event or a date.
4	Good food for the price you pay, in my opinion! The chips and salsa are slightly spicy which makes it oh so good.  The spicy cheese curds are decent, and I've never had enchiladas there that I didn't scarf down happily.  The chile relleno is delicious too.  The rice as a side is a little dry, but nothing some sour cream or salsa can't fix. Also, restaurant.com always has discounts that will save you a few bucks here!
5	Casa del sol is really good- but their portions are pretty large. Make sure you know that! For me, the shrimp quesadilla appetizer was definitely enough. The salsa and chips were also really good too. The chips come with some carrots pickles, which I've never had before at a restaurant.
3	This place is pretty good, I think.  I come here a few times every few months.  The food is decent; the service less so.  I usually stick with the fajitas here and most of the time they are good.  The portions are decent and the flavors standard.  I have however veered away from the fajitas a few times, I ordered the guacamole chicken, and I was less pleased with the dish.  I will not be ordering that dish again.  I will continue to order their fajitas though.  They have decent seasoning and come with nice warm tortillas.  One thing that I do love here is are the complimentary chips and salsa.  They are nice and salty and have a pepper seasoning on it.  This place is worth a visit just for those.  This place is decent.  I am rarely disappointed but never blown away.  I will however continue to patronize the joint because it's close to my house; oh and the chips and salsa of course.
4	Used to be Casa de Lara years ago to which I was not a fan.   Heard that Casa Del Sol was much better and so I finally got a chance to try them again.   I ordered take out for three dishes to get an idea of what they were like.   For carry out Mexican food I was quite pleased.  The restaurant was clean and nicely decorated.  The staff was very pleasant and helpful showing a real concern for getting me my food quickly.   When we got it home it was all that we had hoped for.  Well made, good flavors, acceptable portions.I would have liked a larger portion on the beans and rice but no big deal.The food was good but didn't WOW me.  Thus one less star from 5.I will definitely go back.
3	Tried this place for lunch on Saturday despite some of the reviews about the service. There aren't that many Mexican restaurants in Madison or near my house.So we walk in and wait to be seated, and it took at least 5 min to be seated. We got water and chips pretty quickly and they were good. Took about 5 more min for a server to come get our drink order. Took awhile to get our beers but they came in nice frosty mugs. We seemed to have two servers so I really couldn't tell who was the main one. The food was quite good for tex mex and I'd go back for it. I had tacos and enchilada sampler, my boyfriend had tamales and my son had the kids nachos. We all liked the food.If the service had been great I would have given 4 stars but could not justify it for this visit.
4	Went here and was impressed the Bartender John was very helpful with my questions as I had never been there before and brought a sample of the mole when asked what it tasted like so 2 thumbs up for the staffI had the Polo Mole Chicken Breast Simmered in a Homemade Mole Sauce made with pumkin seed's roasted chile almonds nuts and unsweetened chocolate garnished wtth sesame seeds and a side of Beans and Rice. it was Very Good. 2 thumbs up for the Food.
4	Love this place. I have never had a bad meal. Fajitas great. Enchiladasrock. Carne Asada is out of this world. They catered a meal for 20 in January and we got tons of high fives. Wait staff is superb friendly ask for Miguel. We NEVER go to Laredos anymore with Casa in our backyard. Prices are reasonable as well. Juan runs a great operation.
2	One star for the clean facility and friendly staff. A half for nostalgia, for food that takes me back to my youth, when gringo Mexican food was all there was in these parts, and it was oh-so-good. Yelp and its fine community of Yelpers is forgiving, so the half rounds up and two stars seems about right for this fun, festive joint that unlike some other nearby places in the area, does not scrimp on and/or charge for chips and salsa (I'm talking to you Pasqual's). There is better food not far away -- El Pastor, Guadalajara, La Mestiza, Los Gemelos -- but Casa del Sol is better for families with its nice kids' menu, and that's why we were here.
2	We were far from impressed with our visit to Casa Del Sol. We were referred there by a trusted friend ( the trusted part is now in question...lol) that said their food is amazing. Maybe going in with high hopes was a setup for failure. It was about 3pm, and the restaurant was all but empty. We were seated quickly and offered drinks, chips and salsa. All good so far. Upon perusal of the menu, I was quickly underwhelmed. I was in the mood for some carne asada and some steak tacos. I did not see these items on the menu so I ended up getting taquitos. They were ok. What was worse than the selection was the wait staff. There were about 3 female and 4 male workers. Their conduct was not becoming of a professional establishment wishing to do legitimate business centered toward customer satisfaction. They were playful with one another...fine, but also inappropriately flirtatious with one another. Chalk it up to boredom, giving the slightest benefit of the doubt, but this behavior should not be seen by any customers. They say first impressions are the most important ones, and I for one am not impressed. I can walk there in about 2 to 5 minutes, yet I will not be returning.  Disappointing.
5	I love this place! This is my favorite Mexican restaurant of all time! I come here quite frequently and I've never had a horrible service! There guacamole is THE BEST and there pina coladas =) ! I highly recommend this restaurant !
4	I'm a big fan of the guacamole at Casa Del Sol.  They told me the make it fresh and I enjoy it.  My boyfriend and I go fairly often and we love the endless chips and salsa (probably too much) and we like the entrees too.  The service is always top notch.
5	The atmosphere is inviting, the food is fabulous and the waitstaff are very nice!  Go and see Chad.  He will take very good care of you.  Chad is awesome, so personable and outgoing!!  He is such fun, you almost feel as though you are at a friend's having dinner!!
