4	I am a big fan of Costco and make it a point to visit them whenever I visit a new city to check out the different things that they carry from the mainstream items.This store doesn't disappoint as in addition to the mainstream items found across the country one can find Quebec specific items here.I just luv luv the wine rack here as they sell some quality stuff I haven't seen anywhere else. I picked up a hard cider from here last time and it was amazing.In addition I picked up some nice pate' from here and picked up some excellent oysters at Costco legendary quality at an affordable price mantra. The cheese section is specially worth a visit here and one can find some interesting items that I haven't seen elsewhere. The bread section is nice as well.So what is there not to like you can buy cheap gas and load up on goodies.
4	OK seriously, what kind of loser reviews a Costco? I guess me;(Of all the Costcos on Montreal this one is the best. Ample parking. Very close to the city. Most people don't even know it exists.
4	Ok Mike S I can't stand the thought of you in loserville getting lonely, so here I am.I was here at this store (which I agree is the best location) a week ago and here is my 2 cents worth, cheeses are really good and really cheap (like half price on some of the bries cheap), the meat section for gatherings is top notch. For lobster lovers the giant and I do mean monsters are hard to come by anywhere else.  You can find pretty much all of the best of's in large quantities so if your planning a gathering (as I often do), this place is a no brainer.  Go there on a weekday afternoon if you can and you will sail through the cash register, on a personal note I love grabbing a hot dog with all the fixing which is really tasty.....if only they didn't make you get a membership...I never understood why but hey, them is the rules.nuf said
4	This small Costco, located just off the road on the way to the Victoria bridge is a rather small Costco show, so a number of products are not stocked in this store. Some of the regular employees can make this Costco feel very friendly, unfortunately this doesn't seem to the trend with the newer employees, who don't seem to be as friendly. Nicer than the Costco in Marche Centrale, but sometimes you have to go to other Costco stores for the items that aren't regularly stocked here.The gas station is effective, but as with all Costco gas stations, it's the drivers that can't seem to make things flow correctly.
4	This is my Costco. There are many others like it, but this one is mine. My Costco is my best friend. It is my life. I must master it as I must master my life. Without me, my Costco is useless. Without my Costco, I am useless.Have only been a few Costco's in my time, but this one is pretty good. It's always been clean, and even at the crazy-busy times getting through the cash registers never takes more than 5mins or so. The best times to go are during the day on weekdays. If you're not a fan of crowds, then be sure to stay away on the weekends.Don't judge the cafeteria by its clientele. The food is actually of decent quality, and the servings are big for what you pay. The turkey sandwich and the beef hotdog are both really good.
4	Lots of people. Lots and lots of amazing things in bulk for cheap/good value. Some food tasting (great for when you're hungry, ha ha). That sorta thing. I love their variety of good quality cheese and I love tasting the different foods and sometimes wine or beer. I've never been to any other Costco, but this one is closest to where I live, has whatever my family and I are looking for, and is always clean. Despite the chaos and human zoo that takes over on the weekends- it's actually not so bad.
3	I'm only reviewing the food here.1.50$ for a huge hot-dog and a soft drink? Yeah, I'd give that at least a four star every time. The only issue I have is that their dressing bar is always dirty and often empty.They have pretty good fries, and their poutines are alright. However, their pizza is EXTREMELY salty and people with hypertension should avoid their pizza at all time.
4	I loove Costco, so of course I had to check it out while I was in Montreal!Food section-they sell poutine for $4 and roast beef sandwiches!  Yummm.What else-I found some cute poop bags for my pup haha...some afterbite for all those mosquito bites (this is stuff I couldn't find in NY) and other normal products.  We came right when it opened, so it wasn't that crowded.  Yay!
3	Do NOT be in a hurry!  This place is crazy busy and traffic in the store is made worse by all the rubbernecking shoppers. They appease you with a good sized hot dog that costs only a buck and a half.  It's like a north American version of Ikea.
5	(Channelling his Inner Cartman) Oh my god, you guys *huff huff*, seriously you guysThe best Hot Dogs i have eaten in the city AND its hella cheap!It was my first Costco experience and I overwhelmed by the scale and size of the operation. My left/liberal leaning capitalist was happy to see the general narrative of Costco being true, they value their employess highly  (at the  entrance there was a wall celebrating employess 25 years/20 years/15 years/10 years of work and it was a decently big list!)The people were nice there. I didnt get to sample many items but the people who were offering the samples looked genuinely happy to chit chat with me! I wish I wish I wish they dont change their corporate culture, compared to Walmart (pick any one of them) this was a pleasant experience!!!Oh, btw, the batter on the french fries....A-Mazing!!
4	I. Love. Costco! They have everything... Ok so it's always costs me hundred and hundreds (please note that we are only two people and go there about twice a month) which kills me but it's totally worth it for the stuff you get.Love their poutine. Love their hotdogs. Love their fries.
5	Costco...you love it or you hate it, simple as that!  This one is pretty similar to all the other ones except that it is bigger than some others in the core area of the island. I also like that there's always room to park your car compared to other locations. I think this is because it's located in Griffintown and buying 80 rolls of toilet paper doesn't really go well with the tiny condo trend. The cherry on the sundae is the gas station which is always about 3-4 cents cheaper than anywhere else! Yes, you have to be a member but you end up saving more than the $55 it will cost you.
5	Costco is my favourite store in the world. You can tell everything was methodically planned out from the extra large parking spaces (enough to push your extra large shopping cart through) to the "our members come first" return policy. Whenever I purchase an item at Costco it feels like the it has been tested to meet quality standards set forth by a quality control inspection team. If I'm not satisfied with a product I purchase, returns are hassle free. I look at the board showcasing the longevity of their employees and I know exactly why they stay for so long. Whenever I plan a trip to Costco I get excited. When I finish my shopping at Costco, my life gets better!
