1	Dear Albertsons on 19th Ave and Northern. You SUCK! Seriously, wow. I decided to give Albertsons a whirl on Saturday for my dinner party grocery needs. I needed a ton of produce and meat. I bought a 10 pound bag of potatos, got home and they ALL had eyes, they were soft to the touch and green. I bought 3 pears, they had some bad bruising on the inside that wasn't easily detected from the outside (otherwise I wouldn't have bought them). I bought 1 sweet potato, started to peel it and it had black spots all over it. Who ever is running the produce dept over there is not on top of things. The meat selection was good. Better then my close by Fry's. I liked the wide aisles, but it was hard to find things. I will stick to my Fry's and Safeway that are much closer and don't sell bad produce.
1	This place keeps getting more and more ghetto! I will not, repeat will NOT visit this store after dark by myself. Hire a security officer already! Not only does the clientele leave something to be desired, the selection is awful! I will drive to Safeway on 7th St and Glendale (at least 8 more minutes away from my house) just to not have to visit this store. It's a shame that the closest large grocer to my home is so horrible. 15th Ave and Northern is a really nice area, yet the closest super market is awful. I just don't get it?!
3	This must be some type of "combination store", it's set up like Albertson's but seems to have a lot of generic brands some I haven't seen before now. The store is clean and the staff is very helpful. The prices seem to be good, however, since I didn't recognize some of the brands, the cheap prices might reflect the off brands. Overall a decent grocery store. Not sure if we'll be back in, we visit Phoenix often but usually stop in a grocery store at least once a trip to pick up some "Bill Johnston BBQ sauce" and refill the cooler with ice. So we tend to hit different stores depending on which part of town we happen to be in at the time.
4	Ok, confession time.   I LOVE make-up.  It is one of my three passions: philosophy, food, and make-up.  It's fun and I am addicted to the make-up tutorials available on youtube.  With that said, I had to add a review of this Albertsons for the love of make-up.  Why? Well the store itself is like any other Albertsons out there, as far as I'm aware of.  Except for the make-up section.  It is HUGE.  They have, arguably, one of the biggest "drug store" make-up sections in the valley that I have ever seen, including the make-up sections at various Walgreens and CVS.  Not only this, but they also have one of the largest Wet'n Wild make-up sections (and the only NYX) section in the valley.  Which is still not that big, but they carry hard to find and coveted items like the Wet'n Wild Mega Eyes Creme Gel Eyeliners and the Wet'n Wild Color Icon (6) Eyeshadow Palette.  If you don't know why these are coveted, then you probably also don't care about this review in general.  But, just to fill you in, these products are said to be equal to or better than MAC's Fluidline gel liners and MAC's eyeshadows, which are considered high-end professional products, and for a fraction of the price.  I went to five Walgreens all over the valley looking for these two products and had no luck.  As far as I know this is the only store in PHX where you can get them.  So, "Yay! I'm a fan!"
4	The good, the bad and the ugly from a guy that goes to this location every night for a year.The good: They are always stocked and I mean stocked to the rafters. Every time I go in their one of the floor managers is always putting something new in or someone is putting new stuff in. This place never ever runs out of goods, food or liquor. It is one of the best places for alcohol in the area with an extensive selection including some unique beers. Their pharmacy is 100% the very best I have ever been to. I went in post-root canal and the pharmacist who only knew me by sight saw I was in pain and excused previous customers to get me the prescription. I felt he went above and beyond at that point. Most of the checkout people are really helpful..Luis, Phillip, Terra, Matt are always there with a smile. These are nice friendly people that want you to find what you are looking for.The bad: Their bakery section is extremely bad..a very limited selection of bread, cakes and other baked items one would expect to find. Perhaps this is not their forte` for the area as several bakeries are located within a short drive and there is a very large Fry's about a mile away too. But it is a little disappointing. They also removed all the self-checkout machines which can cause the lines to get a wee long. Granted they work pretty hard to get the lines moving but I preferred the easy use self checkout for simple purchases. One small thing..this place looks like it was built and stayed in the 70's..a makeover would do this place wonders.The ugly: do not under any circumstances be lured in by 8 pieces fried chicken for $4.99. They advertise it for Fridays, it is appealing, the smell is right on but do yourself a favor and go up the road to KFC, spend the extra $2-3 and save yourself the return trip for pepto..This is my most profound advise on this place.Additionally their policy on returns is: No receipt than you get a little Albertsons gift card to make new purchases. It is not a bad policy and I am sure helps most people get their return and purchase new things right away.
4	The aroma from the bakery is a true delight. I think I have tried almost everything at the Albertsons bakery and it is consistently good. Everything but the doughnuts. They just can't seem to get them right. Here is a tip: at the other end of the store is a rack where they sell the about to expire items. These are almost as fresh as that days items but usually is one third the price.
3	I shop here on a semi regular basis because they are very close to my apartment.  Overall, I don't have a specific problem with this location, and do enjoy shopping here. There are plenty of perks, but overall I can't go higher then a 3 on this place.the good parts is that they have an awesome deli with tons of great prepared dishes for sale.  I always end up buying something from their deli, and I like their dishes better then Fry's prepared foods.  Service is quick and efficient with little to no wait.  Bakery is slim pickings for stuff like breads and what not, but its not half bad.  Produce is always well stocked, and their meat and fish counter rocks!  They always have great stuff on sale like chicken breasts, stuffed fish and a random selection of stuff. Love their prices and staff.The down side is that the register lines can be long and brutal.  I don't expect to not wait, but these lines get LONG. I feel like this is the one place that is so understaffed. I can get quick service anywhere in the store, but I end up loosing time in the checkout lines! It's not that the staff is slow, it's that the don't have enough registers open at any given time. Plus, they did away with the self check outs, and there's usually maybe one express line open if your lucky...plus, factor in the fact that there's always some illiterate douchebag with a cart full of stuff that goes through the one express lane and screws it up for everyone else!Also, the parking lot can be somewhat of a mess.  I swear, the people I run into here are crazy!  People begging at the door for change or a smoke, idiot drivers who don't pay attention and act like it's a Nascar racing track, and whatever else runs in and out of here. I know it's not their job to patrol, but dang, nothing sucks more then running out to your car with a bag of groceries and getting approached by some homeless dude while your trying to get home in 115 degree heat and hoping your ice cream doesn't melt or your milk doesn't spoil.  Or going into the store and getting asked for change by a homeless lady with her two kids....They could probably use a security guard to keep the riff raff out for sure.  GET A SECURITY GUARD OUTSIDE ALREADY.Overall, it's an okay store. I don't do all my grocery shopping here, but it is part of my short list of places to go.  Great deli, meat counter, produce and the staff is friendly overall, so I can't complain.
3	Average
1	really no stars. I just had the most horrible experience which smacks of discrimination. The staff were unprofessional.
4	I can't really afford to shop at Albertson's, but there are a few grocery items that they do best--including their store brand frozen pizza, boneless chicken wings, and I like their alcohol selection, too. The real reason I ever shop here, though, is that the customer service is the best of any store in town. The employees are genuinely nice and extremely helpful. Anyone from a stocker to a manager will go the extra mile to help a customer. It's a pleasant experience.
