4	Amazing yogurt. Great grand opening. Employees well trained. Very clean
4	Great atmosphere and flavors as well!  Very friendly staff!
5	The yogurt is delicious!!! So many flavors and toppings! I'm a big fan of the thin mint and strawberry lemonade! I'll definitely be a regular!
5	AMAZING! Probably the best frozen yogurt I've ever had. Staff is great. Can come in and watch sports. What more could you ask for?
4	Fun looking, and clean.  Smaller than some of the other self-serve Yogurt places I've been to, but that's OK.  Good variety and my daughter loves it!
5	This was my first time ever going to a yogurt bar and I'm hooked! I had the strawberry lemonade and added fresh fruit to it; awesome for a summer evening; not too sweet and nice and tart! My daughter had the perfect amount of dulce de leche caramel and added the perfect amount of sweets to it, very good and not super sweet.The atmosphere was fun, but not childish-good for adults and children.The staff was very patient and let us try plenty of samples before we made our selections. I also noticed that they have free WI-FI; nice touch.We'll be back!
4	Nice little self-serve yogurt shop with a good selection of creamy and fruity flavors.  Toppings are varied, and include sliced mango, fresh blueberries, mini peanut butter cups, shredded coconut, popping boba, mochi, and more!  The flavors of frozen yogurt for today included Irish mint, vanilla, chocolate, red velvet, pomegranate berry, orange sherbert, dulce de leche, and pineapple.  The only thing I wasn't too thrilled about was the mochi, which was old and tough tasting.
5	If you're in the mood for froyo, do yourself a favor and check this family business out.We've been here a few times and have been greeted by friendly staff with little sample cups so we can try out a new flavor or two before filling up our bowls.  So far the caramel is the family favorite. I also noticed they had a flavor of yogurt that sported even fewer calories than regular frozen yogurt. I had to check it out and I thought it tasted great!  Of course, I ended up restoring the missing calories by spooning some chocolate bar goodness into my bowl...  It was worth it.They've got a multitude of toppings and run special discounts on certain days. On one day they'll cut you a discount if you ride or bike to the store. I thought that was pretty cool.We'll be back!
