5	Inexpensive Chinese buffets rarely merit a very high rating, but this one deserves it. Although not located in a choice area of Phoenix, this establishment is clean, has a very efficient staff, and serves really good food - definitely better than in many of the good buffet establishments I have tried. I joined Rand H. for lunch here at opening day and was impressed by the appealing interior decor and the wide array of tasty choices which includes Mongolian grill (they have killer mini-kebabs), sushi, clams in ginger-jalapeno broth, as well as many of the staples in Chinese buffets but very nicely seasoned here. I'm definitely returning so that I can have some of the dishes I wasn't able to try because I ran out of tummy room - even though I had only a small tasting portion of each dish I tried. That's the happy consequence of having such a wide variety of good food available. And all that for just $6.99 + tax, for lunch.
4	For my money the best of the 3 or 4 Asian buffets in this stretch of Indian School.  Recently remodeled.  Plenty of choices.  Most of the trays were the proper temperature.  I've been twice now and it was busy during the opening weeks but not so much the second trip which led to a few trays aging before getting empty.  I hope it develops the following in the neighborhood it deserves.
1	Horrible! Food tasteless, watery, just plain awful. Don't go!
4	Heavy on the seafood, not so heavy on the wallet. They have beer and sake! I'm already impressed. Vegetarians, prepare to hate me forever. I had:Bacon-wrapped shrimp: I was skeptical at first, but this was good stuff! Tray after tray...piping hot...this seemed to be a real hit with customers.Orange chicken: Good, and had so much of a kick to it I thought it was supposed to be General Tso's! Whatever it was, I'd eat more.Honey chicken: Tasted great, but I have no clue why it was so oily. Watch out!Mushrooms: They look better than they taste.Coconut shrimp: Just regular shrimp in a delicious coconut sauce. Can't get enough!If you raised your kids to be pussies who can't handle food that's different, you can grab them taquitos and pizza. There's something for everyone.There's also a Mongolian grill, which you should try, and some pre-made sushi, which look good but should never be tried at any buffet. Just stuff your face with delicious chicken and fish, and wash it down with some Tsingtao and Sho Chiku Bai when you're thirsty. Buffet is only like $9, not including tip. WORTH IT. So while it's not by any means the best Chinese buffet I've checked out, you are for sure getting a good value. I'm a fan.
1	I spontaneously went to China City Super Buffet with the intention of trying something new.  Ironically, the experience that I received was far from what I was looking for...After finding this location in the hood, I was promptly seated and went for my first tour of the buffet.  After discovering that the first plate was not clean, I grabbed another and loaded up on some sushi.  It wasn't great sushi, but it wasn't bad either... it just didn't taste that fresh.  On my second trip, I grabbed some mixed rice, orange chicken, beef, and some cooked shrimp (with the head on).  Everything was quite lukewarm.Fortunately, I was still using the chopsticks that I used for my sushi as I sifted my way through the rice.  Then, I found the special surprise of the day in my rice: AN INSECT LEG!!!Now, I'll gladly admit that I'm not an expert when it comes to bugs.  I've seen plenty in my day, from cockroaches to bees and even crickets.  So, I can't say for sure which kind of insect that this leg came from, but I am absolutely sure that it didn't belong in my food.  After discreetly taking pictures, I called for the manager and showed her the evidence.  She tried to act like the two-jointed leg was a black thread as she held it up to her black shirt.  Good try lady- I may look dumb, but I am not stupid.Long story short, I will not return and only recommend this place if you are really open to wanting any kind of extra protein in your diet.  Two photos of the leg are attached for your viewing pleasure.
4	Good place for a wide verity of food and a nice family hang out spot.
3	It's an all you can eat place. It has decent food. That's enough for me to give a decent rating.One dining thing I have to say is that some tables are too close to the food and the tables in general are too close. I don't want anyone near me and I don't want steam up in my grill while I eat. It was so hot and nasty where we were seated.There's two dishes I do have to criticize though- the friend rice was crunchy. Unacceptable. The broccoli and beef was soggy and not good. Everything else was okay.There are better Buffets than this so I am not sure if I will return.
2	So many of these Oriental Buffets open with a bang, friendly staff members running around bright-eyed & bushy-tailed, delicious food, all the trays kept stocked, everything the right temperature & so on.  That's how this China City was on April 13 of last year when Norm R. & I had the pleasure of being the first customers ever here (since it opened in the shell of the previous Chinese Gourmet Buffet).  Unfortunately, sometimes these places then gradually let things slip down toward mediocrity & possibly all the way to closing.     :-O     That's what we've seen happening lately at two competing Buffets nearby, Lin's on McDowell & Hibachi at 75th & Thomas.  Now this one seems to be losing its way as well.     :-(The good news:*  The food was still good here.*  The hot, chilled & frozen foods (ice cream) were all the right temperature.*  The food selection of 131 items plus sauces & dressings qualifies it as a "Super Buffet" (if they would keep the trays stocked).*  The Monday through Saturday Lunch Buffet is still inexpensive at $6.99/$6.29 Sr.BUT TODAY THERE WERE PROBLEMS:*  The Host/Cashier, a schoolboy, was unfriendly. *  The Manager (?) woman was snarkier yet, running around yelling & trying to force me to sit in a place that was just not to my liking.  (Hey, going out to eat is supposed to be FUN!!  We all have food at home & also many other restaurant choices.  BE NICE if you want to remain in business!)*  The table I finally ended up at was all sticky, & I was unable to clean it up with water & napkins!*  The former Buffet here, Chinese Gourmet, had excellent Mongolian BBQ Chef  "Alex" whom China City here managed to bring back when they opened.  He was a big feature of the place, but now he has moved on.  The new guy is SLOW, cooking as little as one order at a time on the big round grill, & it took a LONG time to get some BBQ cooked up!*  LOTS of food trays were allowed to run out.  This is SO not ok, & they weren't even that busy for the size of the place.  Also, the gravies, such as for the Egg Foo Young, need to be kept stirred so they don't get a thick film on top, and they weren't.  A place this size should have someone who's main or only job is to keep the serving area clean, stocked, stirred, and everything looking perky!SO, this place was a big disappointment today, slipping all the way from 5 to 2 Stars, due only to poor management.  I hope they either get rid of Madame Snar Kee or give her some more training & get back on the right track!For now, I suggest that you SKIP THIS PLACE & GO TO MAY GARDEN 4 BLOCKS WEST INSTEAD.  It's Buffet is less than 1/4 the size, but everything is right with the place & you'll leave happy!     :-)
1	Went Saturday, and was disappointed, the food was old and dry, the stir fry food had no flavor at all, you couldn't add any seasonings and the guy didn't either apparently, I won't be coming back here...
3	This is like most cookie cutter Chinese Buffets. Some are better than others. This one falls in the bottom half of those that I have been to. The sushi was tasty and seemed to be fresh. There was not a large selection and those that were available only had a few pieces of each. The rest of the food was generally forgettable Probably not on my try it again list.
2	= = = = = =  CLOSED!  = = = = = =Like many a Buffet before it, this one that was 5 Stars back in the day slipped down, down, & finally closed.     :-(All is not lost, though.  A new Asian Buffet has opened in the building, China Asia.  I tried it today and will post a Review for it now.     :-)
