5	OMG, what can I say?! I have a reluctant sweet tooth but that's not a problem here where you can have the most delicious kick-arse hot chocolate with chilli ever, I'm still thinking about it this morning! The only problem here is trying to decide which chocolates to buy and not wanting to buy them for everyone you know! As Arnie said, I'll be back....
5	I'm not quite sure what to say about this place other than it is AMAZING! My chocolate knowledge has expanded and my new favourite is chilli chocolate. The chilli hot chocolate is also divine (just don't wear white when you drink it, yes i dribbled). There are seats through the back so you can drink this chocolate goodness and admire the library of chocolate and decide what to devour next. I can't wait to go back and try something else new :)Also, my theory (i'm sure you will all agree) is that chilli chocolate obviously counts as one of your five a day as it has veg in it. So yes, chocolate is good for you and healthy!
4	Having heard lots of Hotel Chocolat, I still wasn't sure what to expect from a visit.Ok, ok I was invited to an event and everything I drank and ate was free - but I and other yelpers really enjoyed ourselves and the price list too was completely reasonable.The front end of the shop is piled high with as many different types of chocolate as you could imagine - not overpoweringly valentines related either which was nice.The back half is a wee cafe, with the most reaonably priced coffees, teas and of course hot chocolate!  The chili chocolate, like Nadine was my absolute favourite and like Nadine, I am still thinking about it now and regretting not buying a tin to take home with me!Also after lovely sampling, picked out some chocolates for gifts and was delighted at the reasonable prices.Would recommend for a pop in during shopping to grab a drink and also for pickng up nice wee/ amazing presents for mates.
5	Chilli chocolate caramel hearts. Coconut bombs. RUM CHOCOLATES. Champagne truffles. Cherry bombs. Freshly-made chocolate cake with the darkest, richest chocolate sauce. Did I mention chocolate?Throw into the mix the happiest, seriously *happiest* hopped-up-on-chocolate-happiness staff, super friendly and who really, really love not just chocolate, but Hotel Chocolat. And rightly so. I learnt that they use cocoa butter instead of vegetable fat or oil, like most mass-produced, shop-shelf brands. They may have tried every chocolate in the store, out of love and dedication. And I am jealous.Hotel Chocolat is a UK-based independent chain, this is the first store out of over 60 in Scotland. Go. Go now. Buy the little six packs, and don't pretend you're going to share them. Then buy a big slab and leave teeth marks in it so no one else can share it. Then buy a big box for those you love, as seriously, this is love in food form.And be warned, the alcohol chocolates (I tried the rum ones) taste as though they literally have a shot per chocolate. Lethal. Deadly. Too good.
5	So it seems that 2012 has been bringing Yelp Edinburgh the most enthusiastic event hosts! From the last Elite Event with happy Ben who served us healthy chocolate, to Liam at Hotel Chocolate who serves us.. well scrumptious and decadent chocolates! I'm convinced, this enthusiasm exuding from these people MUST come from the chocolate! It looks like we all need to eat more to be happy! Saying this, I don't think I saw any sad faces last night.  My happiness that was a result from this event shall continue, when I indulge in my Cinnamon rum soaked sultanas covered in white chocolate (oh yes.) and experiment with my cocoa penne!  Good work to Hotel Chocolat for putting on such a great event. Gotta say I loved the half-half coffees (half cocoa beans half coffee beans). Delicious combo and I hope to see it around town soon! I definitely will pop in for one. Might be my new hidden coffee shop local when I'm shopping on princes st!
5	Cocoa is actually savoury; in the 16th and 17th centuries, when it was first being introduced to the UK, sugar was very expensive, so it was only the wealthy who could afford "chocolate" as we would recognise it today.   This is why we think of chocolate as a luxury item.Hotel Chocolat does nothing to dispel the view of chocolate as a luxury item - although its prices mean it's a luxury most of us will be able to afford!After a wonderful event last night, I can't see anyone who goes into Hotel Chocolat giving it less than 5 stars.  The cafe is at the back of the chocolate shop itself - and when I say "chocolate shop" I mean chocolate heaven.  Or hell, if you have to actually make a choice.  It was almost overwhelming, the walls of wonderful varieties and old favourites (but all with a far better standard of chocolate), but eventually the inspired thought hit me....I could always come back next week.   ....Or sign up for their monthly tastings...Mental note:  must renew gym membership!Actually, on that note, I tried their cocoa infusion, which was like chocolate tea, only not like tea at all (thank goodness!) - but it wasn't as rich as some of the other items on the menu and, as such, it didn't feel like too much of a marvellous thing. I'm dying to know how Jurgen's chocolate rubbing concoction goes, and I'm tempted to try out the cocoa pasta.Whatever the recipe in our own kitchens, I'm looking forward to making my way through the Hotel Chocolat menu.  The variety, the price, the friendly staff all make an experience guaranteed to be sweet.
5	Wow these guys really know their chocolate!It really is chocolate heaven with sumptuous coconut bombes, chilli chocolate caramel hearts, rum chocolate cups, salted caramel cups. (I'm sorry I had to stop to mop up the drool.)The staff are incredibly knowledgeable and give excellent advice on what kind of chocolate would suit your tastes. The charming and enthusiastic Liam was amazingly helpful and also full of the kind of knowledge (such as, did you know chocolate was actually a savoury dish??)  that I lap up. He also let me taste some of his home made chocolate cake which made him my favourite person yesterday. If you buy a gift of chocolate and need some help choosing this place is perfect and there's nothing to stop you buying some treats for yourself when you're in there!
4	Holy Creme De Cacao, Hotel Chocolat is phenomenal, like in that amazingly Scottish Irn Bru advert....... but better. You will have to excuse the nonsense, I am still on a sugar high!The staff here was delightful, personable and the whole event was unbelievably generous! I expected chocolate yes. But not THAT much chocolate!! Empty trays of samples were constantly being refilled, a free taster of the coffee/chocolate..... I mean guys, way to spoil us!! This shop seems to have everything any chocolate fiend could ever possibly need, I kept oooohhh-ing and aaahhh-ing at all the things people were showing me they had bought! The chilli caramel chocolates were different, but good with a nice kick..... then there were those rum ones..... I lost count of how many I had. Buy them, you will not be disappointed!So I basically ended up leaving here with a huge grin, 3 boxes of chocolates (Billionaires shortbread, pink champagne truffles and Chambord Truffles) which I am excited to try tonight! This place is my new achilles heel..... heaven.
4	Great product, great shop, friendly staff.I was never really a big chocolate person until I got into Hotel Chocolat's stuff, but then they don't really do your 'usual' chocolate.They're not cheap, so if you're looking for this then don't even bother, but you certainly get what you pay for. They have a massive range in store from your basic pure chocolate right through to random chocolate pasta and suchlike!The store also has a coffee counter. I tried a tea made from cocoa husks, which was nice, but on hindsight I wish I'd tried the 'liquid chocolate' which looked great!
4	I really like what they've done with the place: stripped-back wood, stone, metal and glass keep the focus on the racks of chocolate. There's far too much variety for me here! It was all lovely though and of the highest quality. As others have said, the staff were excellent on the night we went along - very engaging when you had questions then letting everyone mooch about and see what's on offer. I decided against the 'Large Dipping Adventure', but maybe next time.I also had my first (ever) espresso, one of my dozen hot drinks for the year. This one was made with cocoa beans, which I'm told have to be blasted and scolded to break them down, hotter than a coffee bean requires. It took about half an hour to drink, so rich was the resulting blend! Very nice as well.I've some dark chocolate brownies sitting in the fridge, waiting for a special occasion to break open the packet. Any suggestions?
5	I first discovered Hotel Chocolat on a trip to Newcastle last year and thinking it was something a bit exotic, left with a bag full of goodies and spread some chocolate love around on my return home to Scotland. I am delighted it has now opened in Edinburgh and once again left with a bag of goodies after Yelp's event here with the intention of sharing more chocolatey love. However after much consideration I have decided I will be keeping these ones for love to myself - afterall I will be making plenty trips back here = plenty opportunity for sharing in the future, ok?! My delight, along with everyone elses, was ehibited through Oooohhhhhs, aahhhs, ohs, nom, Nom, NOM's, hmms, head nods, heads cocking to one side pondering conclusions, bulging eyes, raised eyebrows, maybe some crinkles of the forehead, sharing love of chocolate and sharing the chocolate with 'have you tried this one?' and 'you know what I mean' and 'there it is, that hit the spot!' So much thrill and excitement all round!This chocolatier has truly evolved chocolate past the traditional pralines, milk, dark, white and supermarket options. There are cocoa varieties and infusions of flavourings I have never heard of or seen before (even chocolate pasta!), chocs with personality, for different personalities, moods and dietry requirements and enough to keep you going until the sun comes up! Also, in keeping with current times - offers reasonably priced luxury. And for those who don't like chocolate, how could you not find something you like after a visit here! Give it a try!This shop and event exceeded my expectations with big hearty helpings of chocolate samples laid out on trays and mini doses of chocolate cake drizzled in more chocolate. These were washed down with a delicious cocoa/coffee drink of your own choice and prosecco in a nice little seated area at the back where you can sit back and savour it. I was so caught up in these yummy sexy moments, a friend of mine laughed when I pointed out that the canvas prints, to me, flaunted The Cocoa Bean.  The big helpings were matched by the big heartedness of the staff who were friendly, chocolate fountains of knowledge and attentive to near empty glasses with a general interest in our thoughts on these scrummies. Thanks Liam for helping me to decide on my third purchase! I came home with Fruity Threesome (cherry, coconut and blueberry truffles - 3 of 5 a day, no?!), Billionaire Shortbread praline and Kir Royal (champagne truffles with blackcurrent liqueur) and would have to say that the delight voiced above extended to a squeek of an orgasm. The only thing that was missing was a big comfy bed complete with cushions for pure indulgent.
5	Chocolate is a frame of mind. Few days go by where I don't indulge, but it's not an indulgence. Hotel Chocolat reminds me of what it should be like, sensual, glorious, seductive, delicious, amazing. Chocolate tends to be the after. Anything that is an after isn't always so good - afterthought, aftermath, afternoon (and the long wait to the end of day...). With chocolate from Hotel Chocolate, it's any thing but. It's a reminder on why you should indulge, and not gorge. One or two pieces, go on, just roll them around in your mouth, appreciate all those flavours that are going on. Then put the packet down. Stimulate your imagination. Come back for more tomorrow. Hotel Chocolat can almost rescue me from my junkie-like addiction to the sugar and fat concoctions that draw me in from the high street. Fruit truffles that have a much greater connection to fruit than your average bonbon. Liqueur truffles that pack a heavyweight punch. Chocolate in all various forms - polished, rough, smooth, dark, white, milk, savoury and sweet. It's chocolate you want to savour. You can eat, marinade, drink (roasted, like coffee, or in a more traditional form) or rub. Hotel Chocolat promises to return us to a point where chocolate held promise, and not that of a lifetime on the hips. Hotel Chocolat: je t'adore.
5	So i have already been back - had me a wee cocoa espresso - bitter coffee cocoa goodness!!! very happy Jd.Also acquired the cocoa chilli oil..........this stuff is incredible - as a salad dressing, on fish.....on meat......for dunking bread in......its just awesome!!!Foodie winner!!!
5	Remember when you watched the first Matrix and Neo did that whole bending-over-backwards-dodging-bullets-thing? Yeah, that's what the coconut-balls will do to you. I'm not kidding, they're insane. I mean, it's been over a month and I can still *taste* them.You know how they say that some women even prefer chocolate over sex? Well, if it's this kind of chocolate, I'm more than willing to commit myself to the coco-bean. Just colour me oompaloompa. Oh wait, no I saw the Only Way is Essex, perhaps not quite oompaloompa.Awkward.Did I tell you about the champagne truffles yet? No? OH MAN. They are so good, I want to hug them and then ask them to marry me. You know what, I'm not going to tell you about all of these things, mainly because that might deprive you of the opportunity to go see for yourself.Seriously. Why are you still reading this? Get going! That staff will love on you with all the chocolate you'll ever want.
4	Nomnomnomnomnomnom.I desperately love chocolate, but due to its location, I don't get to Hotel Chocolat much.  My first visit here was the day after my wedding when my head was pounding and my stomach roiling from the excesses of the night before.  When the kind sales assistant offered me a sample, I just couldn't bring myself to eat it.  So, I had to limit myself to buying a box for my fabulous makeup artist.  It wasn't until my return the other day that I actually got to try the deliciousness myself.  This time I was able to try the sample on offer, and bought myself a little package of six chocolates that were recommended by the sales assistant.They were SOOOO tasty.  The best thing about good chocolate is that you don't want to stuff yourself with it, and the 6 chocolates were eaten by the two of us over two days.  My only wee complaint about Hotel Chocolat is that I didn't see any of their boxes of chocolate that were alcohol-free.  When wanting to buy a gift for a Muslim friend I ended up having to go elsewhere as I didn't just want to buy her a few packages of chocolates.
3	Take-away coffee. Great taste, lovingly prepared but smaller than I'm used to. Perhaps that's because I need a pint mug of latte to function in the morning.
4	Damn fine chocolates. The only flaw is you can't pick and choose individual pieces; instead you're encouraged to purchase three or more packages of six to save a few pence.The blueberry white chocolate truffles are by far the best I've tasted.
4	Chocolate lovers paradise. Very good gift ideas!. We had a little wander around the fancy shop then at the back of the shop they have a little cafe, we ate chocolate cake and mousse, which was homemade and delicious. Worth a visit.
5	I've become slightly addicted to Hotel Chocolat. It is pricey but the great quality products are addicted and they do great truffles - I love the Kir Royale truffles. There are usually samples of sorts to try, there are GF and vegetarians chocs and sweets and students - flash your card to get 5% off your purchase.There is a little cafe at the back - the hot chocolate (real melted hot chocolate!) is pure luxury and delicious!
4	Really friendly staff...Love their drinking chocolate...Several deals too!
5	Hotel Chocolat is easily my favourite Chocolatier in Edinburgh!!I have been in numerous times before, either for some delicious chocolates or for a coffee, and ive been a fan for quite a while, so when i saw their was a Yelp evening, I thought yaaaayyy!!!.......What a great evening! We were allowed to have a nosey around the shop after hours and, i am not joking when i say i could have bought everything! We were treated to a selection of chocolates, ginger hot chocolate and chilli hot chocolate that was just divine! I was then treated to a luxurious hand massage with their new range beauty range! ****happy carolann*****The staff were fantastic and Mark the manager was very helpful, when picking special chocolates for a gift!!I love love all the Yelp events, but I think this could be one of my favourites!! Thank you Jenny and Hotel Chocolat for a srummy, wonderful evening :)
4	So glad that Yelp picks places like Hotel Chocolat for their event evenings! We were able to sample praline hearts and peach and champagne chocolates, delicious. The gingerbread hot chocolate was very tasty indeed but the chilli was too spicy for me.  We got a hand massage trying out the new hand wash, scrub and lotion, makes me want to go to StLucia to go to their Spa! I can see why it was a max of 20 people, any more and it would have been too busy. The manager Mark Joyce is very knowledgeable and happy to help. Been here a few times and really like the chocolates, my current favourite are the mojito truffles, I have to ration them to stop me eating them all at once! This is top end of the market quality and it is worth it.
5	Hotel Chocolat is a chocoholic's dream come true.  I'm not sure how this happened, but I have only been here once before, so when a Yelp event was organised, I promptly signed up!We had the store to ourselves after shopping hours, and got a chance to sample some delicious hot chocolate with cardamom and another one with chili. Also there was a selection of chocolates to be tasted.Hotel Chocolate makes the most of its space. There are wall to wall displays of chocolates with various fillings and flavourings on offer. It was so difficult to make a choice.. but I ended up buying a 250g variety box. In the back of the shop there is a small cafe area where you can have coffee, tea, cakes etc. The staff were very friendly and helpful. If you are buying a gift, this place is great as the chocolate is of high quality and the packaging is very elegant. They offer something for everyone! e.g. if you are concerned about eating too much sugar, fear not - there is a 'Less Sugar more Cocoa' selection available. I will be back... :)
5	How can I cell myself a chocolate lover and yet I've never been to Hotel Chocolat?!  Thankfully this issue was solved last week when I attended the Yelp event, and I cannot wait to return.  WALLS OF CHOCOLATE.  A CHOCOLATE CAFE.  WALLS OF CHOCOLATE.  It was fantastic.  I gave myself a ten pound limit and was still able to get out with three boxes of deliciousness.  There's something there for everyone, and I cannot wait to give out the little boxes as gifts.  We tried some of the hot chocolate and the chili hot chocolate was divine.  As if it couldn't get any better, the staff were fantastic, the prices great and reasonable, and this wee little shop is just phenomenal.  I've been seduced by Hotel Chocolate and I'm perfectly ok with it!
4	There was life before Hotel Chocolat and now there's life with Hotel Chocolat!I am very fussy about chocolate and before Hotel Chocolat I never found any chocolate I liked in the UK (OK apart from maybe some Green & Black in the supermarket...)Hotel Chocolat have stuff for everybody,  for every occasion. Actually they are very good at that.  Birthday boxes, lovers boxer, Christmas boxes, kids boxes, they have thought about everything and everybody!And if you are on a budget like me, you can also buy the small little packets that are just wrapped in plastic.  They allow you to taste lots of different chocolates for a very reasonable price.And, very important too, the staff are very friendly.One minus point = their hot chocolate is rather thin and disappointing.
5	This is not any old chocolate... It's Chocolate Heaven!! Believe me once you've checked out Hotel Chocolat once you will find plenty of reasons to return! Having first tasted their sumptious chocolate in Birmingham its great to see it open up in Edinburgh - though might not be good for the diet! Whilst it's a little on the pricey side it's worth every penny! Only problem is there's too much to choose from.... The truffles are devine and soo many fantastic varietes...
5	What I love about Hotel Chocolat is the huge variety, as well as the super friendly staff who tend to be very generous with the samples! They have such an innovative range of chocolate combining really interesting flavours. Today, for instance, I had the gin, elderflower and cucumber chocolate! Their chocolates cone in all shapes and sizes (and prices) and they also have wines and ports that pair well with chocolates. Their port that goes with milk chocolate was delicious! They also have a neat home cooking items and I bought some chocolate pasta that I am excited about trying!The best-kept secret about this place is that they have an amazing cafe area in the back. Their drinkable chocolate is to die for! I was surprised by how good the chili drinkable chocolate was, too, but I think the classic one is my favourite. I need to come back to try their mocha and other coffees!
5	All you need is love. But a little chocolate now and then doesn't hurt.- Charles M. SchulzPretty much sums my feelings up for this place. Love going here for the hot chocolate during the winter. Has lots of variety my favorite is anything with chili in it. Reminds me of the way the ancient Aztecs used to drink there cocoa. They also sell some wines that pair nicely with the chocolate they sell. The staff are also always great! They walk around with samples for everyone to try. Sometimes I buy whatever I just sampled! They answer any questions you might have and will help you pair a wine up with a particulate chocolate. I feel like the place rotates stock to which is nice. I mean when I go back I always see something I did not see last time I was in which makes me think they change up the store stock from time to time which is a positive thing. It entices people to become regulars and keeps customers coming back just out of sheer curiosity of what they might find that is new. So stop on in( maybe Johnney Depps movie Chocolat was based off this place) sample some goodies and go to the little cafe in the back for some of that Willy Wonka chocolate river drink that they sell because it really is the best hot chocolate drink I have ever had!
5	How I love thee, let me try to express in too concrete a form for the bliss I feel. Coming in, the amazing chocolate man Logan offered me a piece of chocolate and asked if I had anything in mind. Having read that there was a cafe here with particularly good hot chocolate, I mentioned I had heard sumptin about it.  Enthusiastically he offered to make me whatever I wanted, and walking into the den of bitter and sweet heaven I asked what eh would recommend. He gave me a suggestion, his own creation, which I  opted for. Waiting for me to try it I alerted him that I would have an honest reaction, not one based on his eyes fixed on me. It was amazing, thick, sweet, with two complementary tastes suited to the medium they were infused into. I had to make a call and taking sips apparently I made a face of extreme pleasure, since he remarked that he could tell I was really enjoying the drink. I wanted to pass this on, and say that this is actual chocolate melted in milk. It is as good as you could ever imagine hc to be. It is almost too much, but being a glutton for happiness, I keep d
4	This is one of the few places in town that, when you feel like you want to pig out and have a huge sugar hit, you can go to and be safe in the knowledge that everyone else in the store is feeling the exact same way.Very nice touches include seasonal designs on their chocolates and offers and the staff are usually walking around offering free samples, which is always a winner in my book. For dark chocolate lovers, this little shop of high blood sugar levels offers 100% dark chocolate. 3 different types in fact!The cafe is a lot more spacious than it looks which is always good because it looks tiny. I went for the salted caramel hot chocolate which was amazing. I'm not a hot chocolate connoisseur but I would say that a company that specialise in making chocolate that isn't mass produced crap are probably going to be one of the top dogs in the hot chocolate world.Friendly staff, delicious smells and a huge abundance of sweet brown sugary goodness all around. Enjoy.
