3	It's always been a tradition to eat @ a Hooters when we visit in AZ.  I give this location a 3.5.  The hostess couldn't seat our party of 7 and 2 kids properly, but we made good use of the tall table with stools and low table with chairs that she gave us.  The food took a long time to come..but it was bearable when you're conversating with friends.  The HOTT wings were so good...too bad, they accidentally gave us blue cheese instead of ranch.  I had the "naked" wings this time, and to my surprise, they were actually just like the breaded ones.  So my final tally of the place is:  Great food!!  C minus for service!
4	Hooters degrades us.Their use of big breasts is gross.I go for the wings.
3	I must admit, I eat here about twice a year.   It's nothing more than typical bar food.  There is certainly nothing fancy about the beer and usually the folks that eat here are just the average working man.  The first time I had hooters was in Miami back in 1992.  In fact, that was the first time I ever had a hot wing!  I have never had such great wings (at least not here).  But what IS good here is the chicken sandwich.  They have many hot flavors.  If you order just NORMAL, the sauce is butter (literally).  I prefer the hottest one which is NUCLEAR.  Even this isn't THAT hot.  They also have 911 sauce.  For the longest time, I thought hooters named their heat sauce after the terrorist attacks because when the planes hit the two towers, a lot of heat was generated!!  As it turns out, it just means DIAL 911!!  THIS SAUCE IS HOT!!  Anyway, go here and get the NUCLEAR CHICKEN SANDWICH!!
3	Don't call me a pig for eating at Hooters. I was driving in the area when I saw the restaurant and got a sudden craving for chicken wings and fried pickles. No I am not pregnant ( I'm a guy), but I do like their chicken wings. The joint in Mesa/ Gilbert is on the small side, but is in typical Hooter decor. I sat down and was informed that it was all u can eat wing day. JACKPOT! Now you can call me a pig. Because by the time I was finished I ate 20 wings and a plate of fried pickles. I had the Samurai and the Cajun styles with Hooters hot sauce on the side. The wait time for each order of wings was a little slow, but they were served hot. Over all a good day for a coronary,
4	This place is well maintain, clean and spacious. I mainly go for the happy hour since it has good specials on wings and beer. When I order the food  it always comes out fresh. The waitress are really pretty but some are kind of ditsy at this location.
3	Fried Pickles!
2	Was craving some wings so thought we'd catch the game here and indulge. Needless to say I told my wife I'm definitely done with Hooters. The wings aren't that great, they're overpriced and they don't hire their waitresses for good service. Arguably, they don't hire them for their looks either - doh!
2	Ohhhh hooters what happend to you??You use to make me smile with your awesome food and beautiful women.But are times really that tough that you must use the c squad now and make ok food??I came here last week as it has been at least a year since ive been,and was not impressed.First thing, when I arrived the place was dead but was told I would be seated by a hostess, after five or so minutes we were seated.And at a dirty table no less when I asked our waitress if she could wipe our table she simply rolled her eyes and said sure.Placed orders(wings and beers) and after what seemed like forever we got said order but wrong flavors so we smiled and just ate them anyway.The waitress seemed to forget about us as she stood out on patio with a couple of gentlemen and had a conversation.After that she came back in and walked right by our table with empty beers and finished food.That was my que I got our tab and WOW for two people you would have thought we had a party.So after this Hooters has left a sour taste in my mouth and I may not return which is a sad thing to say.
1	closed!  closed!  closed!
2	Both times I've been to this location I was amazed that waitresses could be soooo horrible and still keep their jobs. #1- Didn't know what draft beer was. #2- Totally screwed up the order, extra sauce wings came out with no sauce, wrong drink. The worst part is that both times they acted like it was our fault.
1	They are closed now. :(
