5	How does this place seriously not have any Yelp reviews?! Craziness. Went here for the first time today and saw a PA, Christina Cousins... she is awesome! She takes the time to explain things and answers any questions very thoroughly. She is also not a pill pusher at all, makes sure you are totally comfortable taking medications and you know what they are  before she prescribes them. So, while I can't speak for any other PA's or MD's here, I can say that she made a dreaded doctors visit very pleasant.
1	The Dr's seem okay but their billing department and office department is atrocious to say the least.  They will bill you for things that were already paid and then will continue to harass you to pay it and continue to increase it and add lots of $ on to it.  This is after you have already paid your bill in full during the appointment.  They will change the amounts and threaten and they will not discuss things reasonably.  They will just insist that you pay for their office/clerical errors.  Read the reviews on other sites from past employees and you will hear the same thing from past employees as well as patients.  I wouldn't trust either location just based on their billing practices alone.
5	Christina Cousins, P.A. has more people skills, a better "bedside manner," and makes a greater effort to get to the root of your problem than most doctors.  She is a very good listener, allows you to actually ask/discuss the questions on your list (if you brought one), presents possibilites and options, and trusts YOU, the patient.  Because I have been going to her for 5 or so years, she knows my medical history, she knows how I approach a medical situation, and she is willing to listen to the input I share about the problem and the possible solution.  Then, she whips out that latest electronic handheld medical instrument (looks like a smartphone...) and does some quick research. She is very thorough and really wants to serve her patients. Deseret Family Medicine is fortunate to have her on staff.
4	I see Dr. Fazz and am very happy with him. But I think he's pry the most popular doctor cause it's practically impossible to get an appointment with him without scheduling way in advance. I've seen a few of the other doctors and PAs also and they are nice enough. No real complaints to share. Definitely a busy office, so you do end up waiting a bit. I really appreciate that they will go above and beyond to find you an appointment if you really need to see a doctor. They are busy, but they definitely put their patients first. A Sonora Quest Labs is right next door too, so if you have any bloodwork or other tests that need to be run, it's really convenient to just walk next door! You don't have to worry about driving to a separate location or anything like that. I recommend their office. I don't come more than a few times a year; and I have no complaints!
