5	If you're looking for an authentic yoga practice, this is your sanga - your yoga family. Every class Dave or Cheryl teach is mixed with Sanskrit, chant and yoga philosophy. It's never just about the poses. They will strike your interest in a complete yoga practice - practicing all eight limbs of yoga. I have learned so much from them - after only 2 years of yoga I am now learning the Sanskrit language, teaching yoga, chanting in Sanskrit and my practice is amazing. All thanks to them for opening the doors to what an authentic yoga practice should be.
5	Cheryl and Dave are really nice people. I showed up a complete novice and they really helped me along. It would have been very easy for them to get rid of me or not bother as they are experts in their field. Most people going there are very good but they accepted me as a true beginner and made me feel welcome. They change it up once in awhile and they are starting to get other teachers in so there is a nice change of pace, it isn't always the same thing. I highly recommend.
5	Dave at Dave's Ashtanga is the best yoga teacher. He is kind, considerate, patient and a very nice person. He will take the time to show you a yoga move or asana. He is very knowledgeable about different subjects. What I like best is once he said, "here you can do nothing wrong."
5	I have recently started going to Dave's Astanga Yoga for Yoga Teacher Training. I am so happy that I made the decision to attend Dave's studio. The owners, Dave & Cheryl, are kind, hands-on, and really care about the students. I feel very welcome and experience an amazing energy from those around me. They've done a great job of creating a culture that embraces all levels and I am confident that the knowledge I'm gaining from them will take me to the next level in my practice.
5	I am currently getting my 200-hour yoga teacher certification at this studio. Dave and Cheryl are amazing and treat you like family - the energy in this place is amazing. They are patient and help you ease into poses instead of popping up into them incorrectly. Also, fellow student are amazing there as well - they are willing to help newer students (like myself) learn the sequences and adjust us correctly into the positions. I can't say enough amazing things about this place. Whether you're in new to yoga, in teacher training or seriously advanced in your practice, this place will be your new yoga home.
4	Nice studio. Everyone that goes here is very advanced and I felt out of place. The teacher (Julie) said it's okay to rest whenever I wanted to which was kind of her but I still felt bad for not even able to do a full class without getting in child pose for a significant amount of time. I like to think I'm a physically fit person and a well seasoned yogi but this studio proved me wrong! It humbled me and taught me I have so much more to learn.They have a teacher training program which I think I might have been the only one that wasn't part of it. Looks interesting.-1 star cause I'm not a fan of carpeted studios.
5	Wonderful studio where the yoga is rich and varied (all 8 limbs), the teachers are incredibly knowledgeable and the atmosphere is simple and (dare I say it?) authentic!  This studio is the real deal - teachers with limitless knowledge about all aspects of yoga, sharing it in a simple one-room studio to keep it within reach of as many people as possible.  Dave and Cheryl are warm and welcoming - they really treat the studio like a family.They have astanga, mysore, slow flow, etc., and, best of all, a wonderful variety of workshops guaranteed to fascinate your inner yoga geek!  Beyond the poses (which are beautifully taught in the precise astanga tradition), I've noticed workshops on chanting, sanskrit, chakras, thai massage, inversions, and that's just the tip of the iceberg!  Dave's is well known for having the most flexible and affordable teacher training program in the valley.  With quarterly intensives that feature 170 hours of classes over the course of two weeks, they offer tons of opportunities to learn from expert teachers about virtually any aspect of yoga.  They've just added an additional scheduled YTT option with John Salisbury, one of the most popular and respected yoga teachers in the valley.  I've enrolled in the Fall class and, so far, it's absolutely amazing!TIP: Bring cash!  They don't accept credit cards.
