5	Finally, a hotel in Arizona that isn't decorated with cow skulls and Navajo rugs.  In leiu of the typical Southwestern decor, the James hotel is very contemporary and sleek.  Brought to you by B.R. Guest, the same people who own Blue Water Grill in NYC.  The swanky lobby bar is quite the Scottsdale see and be scene place.
1	Ah, back in the day this used to be THE place to go.  Went back this summer at it was so over.  The bar scene was lame.  The rooms were loud.  The pool was overrun with the worst element of Scottsdale.  I hear they are totally renovating the place... or already have?  I won't be stopping by to find out.
2	It is now called the Mondrian and it is fabulous! Plazma TV, platform bed that I never wanted to get out of in the morning. The staff isn't as attentive with time management as I would like but overall it is a wonderful place for hipsters or those that love minimalist furnishings. I will return here. Buyer beware though the rooms have exterior hallways.
3	Scottsdale has come a long way in recent years. Once wrapped up in the drunken, college-town revelry at places such as Patty's First Avenue Lounge, it's denizens have taken -- at least at first blush -- a more sophisticated approach to a night on the town. Perhaps that is why the J Bar, or "The Bar at the Mondrian" as they call it for the time being, has been such a hit. But is it going to last?Past trips to the J Bar have been enjoyable. The crowd was hip enough, ego seemed to be in check, service was acceptable and they served up a decent variety of beer, wine and liquor.  I've always believed that the reserved booth seating was a little pretentious and made the place seem like it was trying too hard to be some kind of hot Los Angeles nightclub. But that's me, I suppose.  Perhaps that's why Mondrian decided to bring in some changes when they bought the place in early 2006.While structural alterations are in the offing (an expanded outdoor seating section, among other improvements), the first thing that seemed to go was the beer menu. It's no secret that I enjoy Sierra Nevada Pale Ale. It also is no mystery that I have a hard time coping at places where beer drinkers are akin to hillbillies and the beer menu includes little more than a half dozen selections that end in "light." Unlike at the J Bar, Sierra Nevada is not available, nor are any other consumable beers --- a serious disappointment.Beyond the lack of beer, the place seems to be about the same. Our server on a recent night was pleasant enough and tolerated my absentmindedness. The prices seemed reasonable and the music was upbeat without being too heavy. Thus far, "The Bar at the Mondrian" appears to be traveling the same, hip path has the J Bar --- minus the beer.
3	Pool parties can be fun and i love the fact that they have speakers in the pool and you can actually hear the music in the water... beyond that the rooms are over priced uless you get the summer rate...J-bar or what ever it is called now is not too bad to start out...
4	Looks like this is now called the Mondrian Scottsdale, but it was James Hotel when I was there back in 2004 or so.Since my company had to pay, it was really wonderful to enjoy!Walking into the James Hotel is like stepping into a catalog of everything you wish you could buy to decorate your own home. It's all so fresh and modern and trendy looking. The platform bed was pure luxury and so were the sheets. The large plasma TV in every room with internet (just in case you don't have your laptop for the wireless) was very cool. Drinks in plastic cups out in the hot tub rated high on my list of things I enjoyed, too. I took so many pictures just on the grounds of the hotel - such pretty landscaping and such vibrant colors. I had a nice walk for several hours all around the immediate vicinity in Old Town Scottsdale and managed to find a nice lunch and a latte, too.I suppose to some the cost would be no matter at all, but since this is my review, and since I wouldn't probably shell out that much of my own cash on a hotel unless it was for some very special reason, I had to take away one star. A quick look at current rates shows "discounted" rate of $175 if you book 14 days in advance and more like $400 (or even way more, depending on room) if you don't. Sorry, but any place that charges for two nights close to what some pay as a monthly mortgage payment on an entire house is just a little beyond my speed. Now, that said, if someone else ever wanted to send me there, I'd glad go to enjoy again and again!
1	Let's get one thing clear...it takes more than a cool factor to be a kickass hotel. Sure, this place looks super-posh with their all-white sleek minimalist too-sexy theme, but save all that for a club that I can leave at the end of the night. When we checked in we were offered an upgrade to a pool view room. So we took it thinking that a more expensive room meant a better room. No one mentioned it was a corner room next to a rickety, rusted wire pool gate that would slam and re-slam every time someone walked out of it, which usually occurred around 3am when all the drunks are wandering around the pool after the bar closes. Three restless nights in a row had me pretty bitter by the end of the stay.And I have more issues. I'm all for a cool hotel, but someone needs to tell the staff that they're not too cool to serve you - that's their job. Every afternoon at the pool, it took forever to get a drink from the too-hot servers walking around in their gigantic sunglasses and little white terrycloth sweatsuits. And I don't mind getting up and ordering my own drink from the bar; just don't populate the pool with people that don't do anything.We arrived at midnight on our first night and were starving. After placing our room service order, they called us back to tell us they'd be cleaning their kitchen for 2 hours so we were out of luck. No one could even tell us where we could get some food nearby. Their TV/movie software works about 40% of the time. Oh, and I'm pretty sure I'm going to get charged for their lame Mondrian CD that comes next to the stereo, even though I didn't take it. In fact, I didn't even open the case since the CD was already in the stereo, but apparently if you break the seal on the case, you pay $22 for some crap music. But I'm not too sure about any of that, since I've called twice now to get a copy of my charges and I haven't seen a thing.No wonder the Schraeger organization went broke.
4	I predict that the Mondrian is on its way to becoming something fabulous. It's not quite there yet, but I can feel it in my stylish bones.OK here's the deal. I'm in Scottsdale on business during all that unpleasant football madness. What did the call it, the Fiesta Bowl, or some such. You've got fatheads in polo shirts from all over the Midwest, read Ohio, dropping down like a flock of pelicans, and all of these tractor-pull millionaires have eaten up every resort hotel in town. So instead of staying where I want to stay, I have to hunt around for an alternative. This brings me to the Mondrian.It figures that there are rooms available, because it would force Bob to speak French, which of course they are loathe to do as they follow their Ohio State Buckeyes (to defeat). Fine with me. I grab a week's worth of room.I get there and the Hollywood in me is immediately satisfied. So let me tell you about the rooms. They're all black and white. The top half of the room is white and the bottom half, just below waist level is black. Every room has a 42 inch flat panel TV with pay per view. They're not HD however and you cannot play DVDs on them, but it makes a huge difference anyway. Beats the hell out of the Marriott. The bathrooms are stylish and there is a big fat mirror for conceited people like me. On the left bathroom wall, there is a galaxy of hooks for all of your clothing. The bathroom has a sliding door. It's all very modern and very chic and conducive to making you think about bedding starlets, but in the end it's not extraordinarily comfortable. Really not for the business traveler, more for the guy who wants to look like Tom Cruise and all such babeage attracted to such guys. If you're driving a rental car, you will feel out of place, unless of course you are as excruciatingly cool as some people I know. Still, you cannot deny the aura. The pool, the staff, the restaurant, the valet parking, the dramatic lighting. It's all very Euro. You half expect to run into Pierce Brosnan or Elizabeth Shue up in here. Of course you won't but all their wannabes will be hanging out here as soon as they finish construction. I'll drop by just to check that out.
4	Swanky! Snazzy! Stylish! Oh my. I stayed at the Mondrian once - last June (2006). The room was impeccable. The decor, the modern furniture, the color palette were all pleasing to me. Plus, I made sure they had a CD player in the room (bonus!). Check-in was a breeze, as was finding the room. We ate dinner at the hotel, which, evidently, has been remodeled. I took a look-see the other weekend and did not like what I saw. All white. White. White. White. Everywhere, except the new bar (also renovated, which I also don't like) which boasts of devilish red. Quite ironic, it's decorated with cherubs... and plastic-looking stuff. Not my bag. The old Mondrian, the one I hold so fondly in my memories, deserves a 5-star rating. This new hotel only gets 4, and that's generous because I'm still writing this based on a year-ago memory and not on a recent experience. On a side note: Apparently the pool is the hottest place to be on a weekend. But don't plan to swim. This is where, if you're beautiful enough, you'll get to be beautiful with other beautiful people. Just don't expect any Manson to be playing. Instead, expect some typical rap-ish tunes to be blasting from the speakers. Again, not my bag. But, dammit, if the rooms are still as stylish as I remember, I love this place.
4	I had a great time at this hotel.  We had a standard King room and it was more spacious than I thought it would be.  The bed was comfy - not too soft.  I like my beds firm.  The room was decorated all in black and white.   The furnishings weren't luxurious by any means, but functioned well enough.  It's valet parking only, but it's complimentary and they are pretty quick about retrieving your car.  You stay here for the hot pool and trendy bar scene.  There is some serious eye candy at the pool - both super hot guys and girls.  It seemed like most were locals hanging out and having a good time.  You have to get there early in the morning to get a lounge chair - especially the ones under an umbrella.  We stayed at the pool all day and ordered drinks and food from the waitresses.  They are white bikini-clad and super-cute.  The cobb salad is really good, but the pizzas were disappointing.  I felt like they had no flavor and were lacking in toppings.  I definitely recommend the cobb salad though.  The hotel is set up where the lobby, restaurant, and bars are in one building and the rooms are located across the driveway.  It's not an inconvenience at all though.  We checked out Red Bar and it was a lot of fun!  They have all these really yummy specialty cocktails.  There is also Skybar, but the view is pretty much a parking lot.  But it's a great place to grab drinks.  Overall, this is a really fun hotel to stay at if you want to party and is centrally located to all the restaurants and nightlife.
4	What do singer Nick Lachey, Cardinals quarterback Matt Leinart and Phoenix Suns point guard Steve Nash have in common? They were hanging poolside together a few months ago for Leinart's birthday celebration at the see-and-be-seen Mondrian pool. My friends and I couldn't believe our eyes when we spotted the trio along with the majority of the Suns and Cards in the pool during a  girls' weekend at the posh downtown Scottsdale hotel. Nick Lachey was touching distance and Matt Leinart nearly ran me over with his drunken breast stroke.The pool is where the party is on the weekends. It's filled with the beautiful crowd, many who live in the Valley.  I recommend getting a group of friend's together and splitting the $100 local rate between four people so you can enjoy the fun pool scene -- you can't use the pool unless you're staying there or you're with a guest who's staying there. Plus you never know, Matt Leinart may very well run you over next!
3	I guess I need to preface this review that I left my "see and be seen" years behind me about 5 years ago.  I landed here during the hot off season for a company meeting, and found it a bit odd of a place to hold a technical meeting.  I don't doubt this is a great party hotel (I mean, how can you turn down a full half liter of grey goose and "intimacy kit" in the mini bar), but for a business user, its not so great.The room was fine, a standard queen, with I'm guessing a 42" plasma TV and a lot of white sheets and lampshades.  I spent at least 10 minutes looking for somewhere to plug in my laptop and most of the electrical outlets are of the two pronged variety.  There is no desk or workspace and the wifi was spotty.  Otherwise, great linens and toiletries.The lobby, bar and restaurant is just plain odd, with a heaven and hell theme and white sheep statues (I am not kidding).  My coworker and I both ordered off the appetizer menu, we had a salad, lettuce wraps, sparkling water, a glass of wine and a beer, and the total bill with a 20% tip came out to just under a hundred dollars.  I'm not cheap, but I think that's pretty steep, even if the food and service were very good (not spectacular, but very good).  Not to mention $8 for a bottle of sierra nevada pale ale.Anyway, it was an interesting place, but not one that I'd visit if I was footing the bill.  I'm not sure if it was the heat, but I also did not witness the heavy partying and hot bods that might have made this place make more sense.
2	The butt lamps, sheep, et cetera are not tongue in cheek. It's definitely tongue out of cheek and all over someone's genitals. It's also incredibly tacky.The valets are young punks who apparently forgot their job, but it's very Miami for them to assume the lady should open her own door. Hello? I'm paying you and tipping you for the convenience of not having to do this myself. Doubtful that "bereft of manners" was part of your qualifications in getting a position there, but whatever.Basically, this isn't your mother's hotel, unless your mother's a filthy whore who doesn't expect much.
1	It's like a motel 6, but with very trendy decorAnd of course the Sheep.The hotel rooms are terribly old, the grounds are terrible old, all if very reminiscent of a Motel 6.The clubs are crowded but fun.Odds are you will see a celebrity or two, I sure did.Don't think I'll be back anytime soon though...
1	This is honestly one of the worst hotels I've ever stayed in -- worse than that ant-infested Holiday Inn in Wyoming. Worse, even, than the dirtiest youth hostel I visited in Mexico. Why? Because it's overpriced and disgustingly pretentious.The worst part about this joint was the lobby, which reminds me of what might happen if  Salvador Dali met Christina Aguilera in 'Moulin Rouge.' And then they had a love child. I get the idea of a hip boutique hotel. But this is just some crappy 1960s motel that they painted black and white and furnished with shitty IKEA-esque furniture. Really.  It reminded me of  some "design on a dime" example on HGTV. "For just $40 and a bit of black paint, we transformed this aging motel into a hip destination!!!" Except that they didn't.The rooms are tiny, the bed was horribly uncomfortable and even the bathroom was...well...odd. They didn't even have a coffee maker! And the huge flat screen TV was too big for the room, so we couldn't even watch it properly.I'm also convinced the front desk worker was faking some vague European accent, too, but I can't prove it.
1	I just can't imagine why anyone would like this place.  The odd decor in the lobby area is...yea...odd.  The minimalist decor in the room--complete with a VERY cheap looking clear plastic chair for the desk--feels really cheap.  Especially considering that the room rate was $300+ per night.  The tagline for the hotel is "urban chic" and I get that the decor is *trying* to get there but if falls WAY short.  I'd also heard that the food here was great...yea...not so much.  I travel a lot and I have to say that this was one of the worst room service meals I've ever had.   AND it was $40!! (for an omelete, fruit and a glass of milk)The staff wearing all white was cheesy...the traffic noise sucked...the internet access required two calls to tech support (and I'm no n00b)...the bed didn't have a fitted sheet but a poorly tucked flat sheet...the fact that there is no signage on the exterior of the property is just plain quizzical.  The only upside was the 42" LG plasma TV--for that I'll give it 1-star.  That and the fact that 1-star is the lowest possible rating that I can give it.
1	Hm. I spent one night here. The main lobby is spectacular. The Skybar inside is small, chic, moderately pretentious, which isn't a bad thing.  The random beds with white canopies strategically placed outdoors beg to be lounged on.The rooms? Ehhh. At first glance they definitely look nice. But look a little closer, and it becomes quite apparent that its nothing more than a comfort inn (or worse) dressed up in contemporary fixtures. The cool looking sliding door to the bathroom? I thought I was going to break it (or it was going to break me). The grody looking balcony extended all of 3 feet out of the room. Worst of all, it smelled...lived in. Who put in the fancy sink, covered the bare walls in long drapings, knew what they were doing, and did their best to cover up the unsiightly aspects. But unfortunately, putting a spoiler and neon lights on a Kia doesn't make it a good car (Henry: 1, Kia: 0).The Mondrian is a nice place to hang out, I'd definitely swing by the bar a couple times, but there are probably better places to stay.
1	I am not impressed with the Mondrian at all. I have stayed here 4 or 5 times and each time left with a irritated feeling and an empty pocketbook. The rooms are upwards of $300 bucks a night.. For that you would expect them to be decent... When you first glance in at the black and white interior you find it modern and sleek, pretty swanky. Upon further investigation you realize it is all a scam. They must have went to "Design on a Dime" for ideas, then left because they couldn't afford it. The "remodeling" from the James consists of sheets tacked to the walls and dangly things hot glued to the undersides of the counters, the bathrooms are a joke and I have almost broken the sliding doors (twice.... sober). Also the TV's are too big for the rooms so they must be watched at an odd angle.The Skybar over looks the parking lot, how tacky (and hot) is that.The pool is a pretentious joke. You should be a beauty queen or at least have an expensive rack.. The cabanas can be rented for $500 a day, for that you get a TV, misters and a couch. I have actually been here on a few occasions because friends have DJ'd and my friend is the bar manager (it always helps to choke down free drinks).. But if I was paying.... Last time my friend ordered a pitcher of Sangria. We knew it would be expensive but $75! They use little penguin wine that you can pick up for 5 bucks... I wasn't even able to get drunk enough to enjoy the underwater speakers.. Ostentatious jerks!
3	Ya know, this isn't so bad.  I just finished up a stay there last week for a night.  Note that my night was free because I was staying there for work, but here are my thoughts...1) Service = B.  The front desk girl was nice, but seemed to lack a general enthusiasm about her work.  Instead of feeling like my needs were of her interest, she sorta just made a vague attempt and sent me on my way.  The poolside drink guy was super nice, but then again, if you were selling drinks at $12+ each, you'd probably want people to drink them too.  It's bank for the place.2) Atmosphere = A.  I'm young and I like sleek/shiny.  This wins.  It does look a bit cheap in some atmospheres, but I don't want to think they have cashmere hanging on the walls or something - who wants to pay for a hotel like that?  It's not the Ritz.  FYI - my plasma TV was huge.3) Overall Experience = C.  How does A + B = C you ask?  Well, it's all put together a little poorly.  First, everything's a la carte.  Internet = $10/day.  The most expensive mini-bar I've ever seen.  The staff was basically pretentious (umm...hello?  you WORK AT a hotel - you're not Paris Hilton).Go here if you want a swanky, minimalist contemporary hotel experience with a luxurious, decadent, and hearty rack rate.
3	This review is of the bar only. I visited a few nightspots in the Phoenix/Scottsdale area and this place was actually tops on the list. The bar area had a modern Jonathan Adler feel and the crowd was a nice mix of straight/gay, casual/dressy, & mostly young and some older. The music was all over the board (r&b, pop, hip/hop) and even heard a couple of good dance mash ups too. Also, there was no cover charge and half of the place is the balcony. The only down side is that the drinks are expensive. I ordered 3 cocktails for $36. $12 for a cocktail. Is this Los Angeles????
2	Oops...I should have searched the Yelp site before visiting the Mondrian so as not to waste my efforts.  I went with friends after attending the Luminaria exhibit at the Desert Botanical Gardens.  It was a cool night, so my friends and I were hoping for a nice after dinner/hot toddy type of drink when we stopped at the Mondrian.  Nope.  For the hype that this place has received, I was VERY surprised to find no such thing on the menu...heck...not even top shelf liquor.  The bartender sent us to the restaurant, hoping we would find what we were searching for but no such luck.  We each "settled" for a drink from the menu and then left, feeling that the Mondrian is terribly overrated.
1	This is simply a Holiday Inn in disguise- don't expect anything more (except the flat screen haha) and you will not be disappointed.
2	Before you read this review, I strongly recommend that you visit the hotel website at http://www.mondrianscottsdale.com.  Looks pretty cool, doesn't it?  Now, forget everything you just saw and keep reading. When I booked this hotel on Priceline for my annual spring training trip, I was extremely excited.  It looked as though for $86 a night + tax, I was going to stay at a 4-star hotel similar to one of the W Hotels.  In reality, what I got was a remodeled Holiday Inn Express, more pretentious than a house of a young rapper whose album just went double platinum and more tasteless than, well, a house of a young rapper whose album just went double platinum.  As my friend eloquently put it, "pig with lipstick."We arrived at the hotel around 8 pm, and 2 valets dressed in white linen shirts and pants approached us.  White is the theme here.  EVERYTHING is white.  We walked up the stairs into the lobby, which looked like . . . well, the place where alabaster goes to die.  Ambient lighting revealed alabaster chairs, alabaster clouds hanging from the ceiling, alabaster sheep covered with fake wool and alabaster lamps, adorned with women's derrieres holding up the base.  WOW.We walked through the white sheer curtains into the front desk area.  The two male clerks at the desk were sporting the Euro trash look with great panache.  Too much product in their hair, and too much chest hair peeking through the unbuttoned shirt collars.  While their voices said "Welcome to Mondrian," the inflection in their voices said "You have no idea how lucky you are that I am talking to you."  I was being helped by a woman, presumably a manager, who looked like Tawny Kitaen from Whitesnake.  "Here I go again on my own . . ."  Didn't she beat up her husband, pitcher Chuck Finley, with a stiletto heeled shoe?  Sorry, there's nothing funny about domestic violence.Throughout the whole check-in process, no one bothered to ask us about our room preferences, number of beds or any other questions you expect to be asked at a decent hotel.  They were more concerned about getting us out of there, while informing us that parking cost $10 a night.We drove around the corner to our building.  The hotel is shaped like a giant "U" with a long, narrow pool in the courtyard in the middle.  Each building is three stories high, keeping up with a Holiday Inn Express tradition.  The only difference was, it was painted white.We got to our room, where everything was, well, WHITE with navy blue accents.  Cottage cheese ceiling reminded guests of the building's 2.5-star past, but cottage cheese walls were masterfully covered by pleated sheer curtains to remind guests of the hotel's 4-star aspirations.  A giant flat screen TV looked almost too modern, but it was still my favorite item in the room.  Clear plastic Kartell chair and nightstand went well with the decor.  Big queen size beds were very comfortable.  The closet door swung open when one least expected it, partially blocking the entrance.  Fire safety FAIL.  The bathroom looked fine, but not luxurious.  The sliding door was a space saver, but didn't have a lock.  The accent navy blue wall housed 12 hooks - a simple, yet impractical organizer system.  We were given one bar of soap.  Even 2-star hotels give you two: one for your face, and one for your body.  We asked housekeeping for more, and they brought us 2 more bars right away.  We didn't see new soap for the rest of our stay.  On the bright side, however, the soap was imported from Greece.  Is Athens the soap capital of the world?  What's wrong with Ivory soap?  Not once did housekeeping manage to get us the right number of towels.  It was strange to have to request more on a daily basis.  Everything in this hotel was a la carte.  I am not complaining about the ultra-expensive minibar, which, by the way, included a cap and a pair of flip flops with the Mondrian logo.  I can understand why a can of soda in the minibar is $5.  I can also accept that a breakfast burrito by the pool (a very nice pool, might I add) costs you $17 + 20% gratuity + $3.50 service charge = $24.  However, a hotel music compilation CD for $25, a bottle of Voss for $8 or a bottle of starch for all your ironing needs for $2.50?  Who charges for a crappy hotel CD or starch?  A hotel should be cheap or pretentious, but not both.The hotel is located within walking distance from Scottsdale Stadium and Old Town Scottsdale, so I would probably stay here again if the price were right.  However, I will definitely lower my expectations for next time, and I strongly recommend you do the same.
2	Like An Episode of Nip/TuckThe hotel is super hip. The coolness factor almost borders on overkill. Everything is white. Valets are all dressed in white. The lobby is white. The rooms are all white. I felt like I was in some kind of hospital recovery room. We pulled up to a valet area that was filled with exotic sports cars. Our rental Hyundai was a little out of place. When we checked in, we asked about getting a double room instead of a king. My friend had actually called in advance and they said it was no problem so we didn't think it was a big deal. Well, the clerk made it very clear that because we booked through Hotwire, we really had no say in the type of room. He said that we were lucky there was a double room available and he was going to let us switch rooms but not to expect it when we book through Hotwire. I should note that the double room we were given was right near the hotel's nightclub so the thumping of bass from the music went well into the wee hours of the night. Think of sleeping nicely at home and having a car parked right next to your bedroom window with the loudest bass popping stereo... that's what it is like to sleep at the Mondrian.Other than the front desk clerk, all of the other hotel employees were nice. I probably wouldn't stay there again if given the choice not because it's not nice but because of the general vibe given off from the place. It just wasn't my scene. If you are young, toned, tanned and have a tattoo on the small of your back if you're a girl or a tribal arm band tattoo if you're a guy, this is the hotel for you. If not, you'll probably end up feeling worse about yourself than when you stepped out of your rental Hyundai.
2	Major Disappointment! Second-rate customer service began right at arrival while we were checking-in. We waited patiently to be helped, and when we were finally able to check-in, we were faced with an unfriendly welcome. Our condescending guest service agent rudely interrupted other agents and guests while she was still assisting us. On our way to the room, we noticed the white exterior walls badly needed a new paint job. Not only was the exterior an atrocity, but the inside of the room had tears in the wall paper, and unfinished/missing trimmings on the wall. The size of the room and bathroom was decent considering the large balcony over-looking the Scottsdale Mall/garden. The bed; however, was impressively comfortable. If you're looking for a loud pool party, this is the place to be all weekend. Good luck getting in though, the line is outrageous! The only saving graces I found in this place was the Skybar, and Red Room. We wandered in for a drink at the Red Room on Saturday night and were thoroughly impressed by the acoustic cover band playing that night. On Sunday night, the Skybar transformed itself into a french themed night titled Pere Lachaise. The DJs were two of the best I've heard in a long time mashing up 90's to current hip-hop, classic 80's, and some house. Since I can still visit these two bars without checking-in, I will remember to keep it that way for the next time I need to stay in Old Town Scottsdale.
1	When I stopped and asked for directions to this hotel, some girls explained the lack of a sign here because "if you don't already know where it is, then they don't want you there".  Real nice.  It wasn't easy to find.So upon walking in, the girl at the guest services was so snotty and rude I left.  Bad vibes. You could hear a friggin pin drop in that place it was so dead.Why hasn't this place closed yet?  Its so overrrated.  Old looking building, rude greeting staff.
4	OK, let's just get this on the table right now. NO, this is NOT a modern, new hotel but it is definitely cool and fun. It has that feel of an old desert resort, like the ones you find in Palm Springs. It is set up more like a resort, with all of the residential buildings surrounding the two pools. It's fun that you can walk around the hotel's landscaped grounds, featuring curving walkways and fountains. It's also in a great location, right in Oldtown Scottsdale so you can walk to great dinner options. The check in process was great. The woman took the time to explain the layout of the resort and all the amenities available. The parking was a bit confusing, but the valet was quick to assist me. The room was cool and modern. All the walls have a sleek curtain covering, making you feel like you're in a trendy club. Yes, the bathrooms aren't new marble, but you don't really care because it's hip and different and not your boring norm. The only thing I would say is that it's not quite geared for business travel.. the plexi glass chair and tiny desk area are not conducive to long work on the lap top. Hell! Who cares! I took my lap top out onto my large patio that featured a comfy chaise lounge. Problem solved! I ordered coffee through room service and it arrived on time. It could've been a bit warmer, but I sure guzzled it down at 7:30 am. Another nice touch you don't see that often anymore was the minibar. Yes, everything is expensive, but I love the convenience of having a beer on the patio on a hot night if you want. Overall, I had a great experience. I will definitely be back, hopefully in cooler weather. These 115 degree days can be killer!
3	I've been dragged here numerous times and never really enjoyed myself. However I now realize it was probably the company I was keeping, because on my most recent venture to the pool with friends we did have a good time. The crowd was typical but I was excited to see a large handful of men and women fatter than myself. One gentleman had so much hair on his back I thought he was wearing a rash guard. Our waitress was probably new, she had to come back 3 times to tell me what kind of light beer they had, even though I said any light beer will do. Its prob my fault for being a douche and ordering light beer in the first place. My point being, I would never go here by myself but with this group of friends we had a blast. No one got out of hand wasted. We were able to laugh at all the drunk and drugged out people there light heartedly and not take it as a personal attack against our sensibilities, and I didnt get sun burnt. The pool water was suspiciously cloudy though. I doubt I'll be back anytime soon but I had a decent time.
5	I checked in at the Mondrian Hotel on a Friday afternoon. The valet and check-in staff were very helpful and made sure my room was ready right away.Later that night my friends and I visited the Pere Lachaise bar at the hotel for some drinks and fun. The atmosphere was very inviting and the bar/cocktail staff were so helpful and friendly. The next day we stopped by the hotel's main pool and decided to spend the whole afternoon there at a pool party. We were definitely not alone as there were many other people out having fun enjoying the sun and cold drinks.My friends and I all had rooms at the hotel and ended up spending most of our time at the Mondrian because there was so much to do between the bars, pool and restaurant.I had a great weekend here and would recommend it to everyone!
4	Let me preface my 4-star rating with: I did NOT pay the full price of $145+/Night for my stay here.  In fact, when I stay at local hotels in Scottsdale, I ALWAYS Hotwire it and end up spending about $50/Night on average. Because of this, my reviews tend to lean towards a more generous star rating than they may actually deserve if we were paying full price.That being said, I think Mondrian gets a bad rap because it's easy to hate on. Yeah, the butt lamps are tacky, the rooms are small and have what look like boobie tassels hanging from the counter, and wtf is with the sheep thing?  But honestly, the service was great from start to finish (with the exception of a slightly bitchy pool bartender), the drinks were strong, and I really didn't get a pretentious Scottsdale vibe from any of the other guests. The pool had enough plastic around it to float a small village but really who doesn't like a good pair of fake boobies for your Saturday afternoon enjoyment? I know I do.We checked in early (around noon, when our room wasn't guaranteed until 4) and it was kind of a late birthday party for me so since I knew their pool was opened to the public I invited some friends to visit. They met me in the lobby and I asked the front desk person about the pool policy. He said there is a cover if you're not a room guest but slipped me 3 extra "guest passes" so my friends wouldn't have to pay! To top it off, our room was ready immediately! AKA they didn't look at the rate I paid before deciding to make me wait until the very last possible second before letting me into my hotel room (a la Valley Ho).The valet guys didn't turn up their noses when we said we'd rather self park, they just gave us directions as to how to park the closest to our room. When we checked out, everyone asked how our stay was and the same front guest guy invited me back to pool for round two. Unfortunately I was way too hungover (see aforementioned point about strong drinks) but it was tempting.All-in-all I had a good time, and I don't consider myself a douche. Though, after reading this review, you might disagree.
1	This place needs an update, bigtime.  I booked 5 rooms for co-workers and I in town on business.  Upon pulling up to the hotel, I was immediately thinking I may lose my job for making the decision to stay at this dump.  The hotel is comprised of white buildings that look like a run down apartment complex.  The lobby is nice..cool decor of butt shaped floor lamps and a random lamb.  The bars are nice too, but seem to be chock full of strung out coke heads.  One co-worker had to move rooms due to an ant infestation and the AC sounds like an airplane is about to land in your room.  I've also heard that the AC doesn't keep up in the summer months, but didn't experience that as our stay was during the month of October.  All in all, I would go back to the bars here, but wouldn't ever stay here again.
1	I was in town for the Fiesta Bowl and decided to try another hotel.  I always stay at the W in Scottsdale, but it was sold out.  All I have to say is that this place is a complete dump.  The service is terrible.  Apparently, they find it necessary to book all the rooms with what seemed to be an entire fraternity, then have no security to monitor them after the bars closed.  Did not sleep a wink.  Will not stay here ever again and will make it my mission to make sure no one else does either.
2	I stayed here a couple of weeks ago for the Fiesta Bowl (Go TCU!). Online it looked awesome, in real life, not so much. The Mondrian is an old hotel that has been converted into a new hip, modern hotel. The main lobby was adorable, as were the pools, but the rooms only looked good from afar. I stayed in a two-bed room and it was soo small. The bathroom door was on rolly tracks that slid open and close, but the door was stuck off the track and there was paint and sawdust around it as if it had just been installed. Not to mention the bedsheets felt like paper. When we arrived at the hotel, my friend, who is a diabetic, went to the fridge to store his insulin, and found that the fridge was completly stuffed with honor bar things. After a call to the front desk to see if they could clear the fridge to make room for his perishable insulin, we were informed that there would be a charge to the room. Exscuse me?I know it was a big football weekend, but the guests were rowdy and noisy all night, and one of my friends even had to break up a fight outside of our room at 3 in the morning. I wouldn't stay here again.
1	Just checked out of this hell-hole hotel. Don't blame the staff for this mess, however...they were both friendly and helpful. The problem is that this place reeks of cheap. Yes there's a pricey Kartell Ghost Chair here and there, but other than that the negative reviews people have mentioned about the run-down conditions of this place are true. Think IKEA meets Howard Johnson's and you've got the idea.They did upgrade us from our $300 king pool view room to an apartment...an enormous space with a separate living room, dining room, and three private terraces. But that only meant there was three times as much that needed to be gutted and re-done. Shame on you, Morgans Hotel Group, for misrepresenting this property. Next time I'll be staying at the Sanctuary at Camelback.
3	Phallic alert. Yes, everything in this place has some sexual connotations about it. From the butt lamps, boobs on the lobby walls, and f*ck me looking rooms, it screams sex. Oh ya, on a side note, check out the plastic chairs in the RedBar. If you look at the floor at just a right angle from the chair, the shadow looks like an erect penis. Okay, maybe I shouldn't drink so much Malibu here. But if someone else is buying, I'm not saying no. Drinks can be pretty pricey and the service is halfassed at best. And I'm not just talking their slutty outfits. Pool can be fun if you're with a big group. There are always lots of strippers and slutty skanks walking around in high heels (yes, at the POOL) and douche bag dudes with fake tans and too much muscle. It's great for next day stories :)
2	Front desk guy could not have been ruder or less welcoming. The concierge was wonderful however. Experience was so-so - from the hot tub having too much chlorine and ruining our bathing suits (general manager did little to replace cost of all the damage), to breaking out in a skin rash also from the hot tub, to the spa showers being broken!
