5	Hello
5	Recently got the Perfect Peel (A chemical peel) here. First of all the price was a steal! Compared to other chemical peels at spas, dermatologist, etc I paid less than half what I would have paid elsewhere. Plus I felt much more comfortable having this procedure done in a medical setting by medical professionals rather than spa. Second the clinic and the providers are awesome! Being that this was my first time getting a peel I was a little nervous but this is something I've wanted to do for a long time. For the price of dark spot correctors, microdermabrasion, not to mention makeup to cover my problem skin it was soooooo worth it! And lastly, I am on the 3rd day after treatment and already I see INCREDIBLE RESULTS! The dark patches that I most wanted gone are gone and I feel so much more self-confident again. Thank you Vivacity for giving us with skin problems the opportunity to feel so beautiful without breaking the bank!
5	I come here to VIVACITY to get my glutathione iv and vitamin C for my weekly anti oxidant and immune booster. EVERYONE that works here are super awesome and are very professional. I highly recommend this place for your iv supplements and they also have weight loss programs. They always have great deals and have found them.to have the best deal overall in Las Vegas for Glutathione. Also their Latisse is cheaper than anywhere else. :) Love you VIVACITY!
5	This is an update review... I love this place so much! Karen is the one who always administers my glutathione iv. She is awesome and the best at it. This place has the best deals on ivs, weight loss and vitamins in Las Vegas.
5	I got all the shots I needed for school at Vivacity and I can tell you that this place is great! Karen is the best! I would definitely recommend this place to anyone. They do a lot more services other than just shots (MMR, varicella, hep B). The only thing is, they don't take health insurance but they said they can give me a total of what I've spent and send it to my insurance company! Thanks Karen for being awesome!
5	I had my third visit today, and I can't express how much I LOVE THIS PLACE!!!  Karen and Emmanuel are amazing at what they do.  I am extremely pleased with the care that I have received from the clinic, and will continue to return for Glutathione injections and Hormone Optimization therapy.  Thanks you guys!
5	I cannot say enough of how good this place is. I went for a weight consultation and they made me feel so comfortable. I got everything explained to me. The dr. Gave me options and the nurse was so helpful. The prices are very resonable. And they have specials. They gave me hope to reach my weightloss goal.
5	I was referred to this clinic by a friend. I suffer from migraines, after much research, I found that Myers cocktail help. The clinic was easy to find and was greeted with a smile as I entered. They were very busy (good sign). I spoke with the doctor, Ralph, about the migraines and he agreed Myers cocktail would greatly help.  He was very pleasant and appeared to genuinely care.Karen, the MA did the Myers cocktail and Glutathione via intravenous. She did an awesome job, just felt a minimal pinch. The process took about 15 minutes and she talked to me the whole time to keep me calm.When in town, I will definitely return to this clinic.
