5	We used Big J Plumbing on an emergency plumbing repair this evening.  Jay was on-time, did a great job and did not try to gouge us at all.Big J Plumbing will be the first and only plumber I will call when I need plumbing work done in the future.Fast, efficient, HONEST and friendly service!
4	We had Big J come out to confirm that we had a slab leak.  He was on-time and professional.  And, he's going to end up saving us $$ since I didn't even think to involve our insurance company!
5	Jay did another job at the house and did an excellent job for less money and expected. Very efficient, patient and took the time to answer any questions my wife and I had.  He's not just an "I'll install it, take your cash and leave" plumber, he patiently explained everything he was doing, how to use the equipment and how to extend the life of his work and be more efficient with it.Again, the only plumber we're ever going to call!  Shop local!
5	Just wanted to say that I had a better than expected experience with Jay "Big J" the plumber and I would definitely call him again for any plumbing needs that come up.When I called Jay he was available at a convenient time for me and arrived on time.  He runs his own business, so when you hire Jay, you get Jay.  I explained my problem and Jay described what he would need to do to look at the problem in the wall.  I normally ask for rates up front and was pre-occupied with several other things and forgot.  However, after Jay finished the job, he gave me his price and I was pleased that it was in the price range I  would have expected.  I have had a few unpleasant surprises from others in the past.Jay is knowledgeable and experienced and his truck is practically a mobile plumbing warehouse.  He says he usually has what he needs to get most jobs done without having to make several trips to buy parts. This also helps him keep costs down for customers. I'm glad I found him on yelp!
5	What a wonderful company who does a wonderful job.  Took a late night call help me solve a big issue
5	Big shout out to Danish Master Plumber Jay for hooking us back up with hot water! Came out within an hour fixed out water heater at a reasonable price. Fair and honest and a decent guy. If you need a plumber  in scottsdale, Jay is your man!!! Plus his step van is way cool!!
5	Big J is awesome. Not only is he a great plumber, he is a great guy with a good sense of humor. I had a leak in my bathroom. Of course it was Sunday and a holiday. He had his family in town. He came out and replaced a hose and did a few other things, He charged me his usual rate of $69.00 an hour. I highly recommend Big J.
5	We just called Big J to come back for the third time.  We are remodeling our home and have used Big J for all of our plumbing projects. He installed all of our shower heads, faucets etc. and now we have called him back to fix a busted water main. He is so easy to work with. I told him what my problem was. He asked me to text him some pictures and then said he would be here on Friday. He is very professional, does amazing work and his prices are great. We highly recommend Big J.
5	I had a leaky kitchen faucet replaced by Big J on Aug 6th. I'm often torn between doing the manly thing and fixing it myself or finding someone with the strengths and interest to do the job right in a fraction of the time. Big J was on-time for the appointment and installed a fairly complex faucet with sprayer in under an hour. He's professional and courteous, cleaning up after the job is finished. His prices are very competitive and his craftsmanship is second to none. Guys, the moral of this story is I put away my macho, I'll get to it someday mindset, and hired a pro that did the job in a fraction of the time and costs that I could. Now we have a beautiful, non-leaking faucet that my wife loves. I matched this faucet  job with with Jay's plumbing strengths and got great results. Now I'm going to look for two sticks to light a fire and cook dinner ;-)
5	This review is not just for Big J plumbing company, but for the kindness of the man him self. My wife and I were broken down on the 101 today. He was the only person out of the thousands of "people" to stop and see if we were ok and needed help. He took time out of his day to have a heart for complete strangers. In what most of these "people" in scottsdale lack. After a few helpful tips from him, my wife and I both looked at each other and said, "we know who to call if we ever have plumbing issues!" Big thank you from us both. It made our day a lot better because of you!
