4	Sweet! A farmer's market in the center of town, in a new, well designed space, indoors.Variety of ready-to-eats, including one booth full of vegetarian/vegan only pies, pastas, soups, salads. You could totally make this a stop for lunch and be satisfied, for cheap.On offering today: local cheese, eggs, meat, chocolate, greens and bread. Saw a gorgeous bag salad greens mix sprinkled with edible flowers - colorful shard - some beautiful foccacia. Staff and sellers were sweet and smiley. There's even an info booth at the front, with cute bags for sale, if you're looking for particulars.What I'd like to see: more sellers! Locally roasted coffee would be awesome, dairy counter (local milk FTW), more cheese, maybe someone selling fungus. This is only week 2 of Atherton Mkt being open (although these, I think, are the same peeps that put together the Tailgate Market) so we'll see. There's a lot of empty space, and a ton of potential. Hours are perfect for stopping by at lunch or after work - Tuesdays, 11:30-6:30. Or hit 'em on the weekend - Saturdays, 9-2. Hifive guys! See ya next Tues!
5	With a heavy heart I said good bye to the Tailgate and HELLO to Atherton Mill and Market.  Located conveniently in SouthEnd this warehouse is a perfect place for most, if not all, of your weekly shopping needs.  Local North Carolina farmers, fishers and bakers alike sell their goods for cheap!  There is something so human about buying produce right from the growers hands.  If you find something you typically don't use, ask for cooking recommendations or even recipes.  Everyone there is happy to help and glad to be providing you with healthy, natural and  organic meals...from farm to fork as they say.  Last trip I purchased butter, eggs, cheese, beef, kale, spinach and a trendy yet sturdy tweed Atherton Mill and Market reusable bag.
5	Love this farmer's market!  It's modern and the vendors are friendly.  I have never thought much about it, but at other farmer's market sometimes they look like zombies.  I only had $5 on me, there were so many things I wanted, but decided on local honey.  Next trip I will arrive with a fistful of dollars.  I think I want to return this Saturday, does anyone want to meet me?  Coffee, buy produce and fresh flowers and go find bloody marys!
5	Take Two!There is a running joke with my friends, sometimes when my husband comes along he will graciously pay for lunch, cocktails or movies, so they jokingly refer to him as "the wallet", so today at Atherton, I brought the wallet with me!!!  Yay!!!!  I bought fresh pickled jalapenos, squash, onions, pimento cheese and potatoes!!!  I didn't have to limit myself to one $5 item like last visit!!!   If you like jalapenos, you have to buy some from the pickle man.  The pimento cheese from Beverly's Gourmet Foods was super yummy too!!!  I love this place.  I might even have to change my current crush to Atherton Mill and Market.  Sorry Jed Steele Lake County Cabernet.  I take that back, I still have my crush on Jed.
4	My new favorite market!  I love the selection of baked goods and fresh, natural eggs and meats. The prepared foods are great too.  Convenient after a good workout at the gym next door, Evolution.Look forward to more quality vendors and more "open" days...
4	This is how a farmer's market should be! The nice, bright, and open space is perfect for strolling from one vendor to the next. Today they had a grand opening event with live music and lots of samples.I was very impressed with how well marked each vendor station was. There is a chalk board above each station with their name and other important information. Great stop, good parking, and friendly vendors. Bring your cash and your own bag!
5	Check out the new hours, folks! I'm a big fan of this sweet farmer's market - a big part because it's so close to home! Literally - it's really nice to be able to walk to a great FM in South End!You'll find all sorts of local items here: grass fed beef, super fresh produce, gorgeous floral bouquets, pimento cheese, soy candles, baked goodies, jewelry, etc. There really is something for everyone and while some of the vendors do take plastic, know that there is an ATM close by for the vendors who do not. Price wise, most items are very affordable and it's definitely a great feeling knowing that you support local farmers. If you didn't remember to bring a reusable bag, you can purchase their very cute (and sturdy) burlap bag for $3 each. Visit this market, your body will thank you!
5	I love this farmer's market, mainly because it's so close, but also because of the fresh food and variety. Chocolate, candles, soap, produce, nuts, natural beef, seafood, herbs, jewelry, etc, etc. They are open at more flexible hours than other markets around town too.Bring some cash , as not all vendors accept cards.
4	Well, well... what a sweet little gem we have tucked into an old trolley barn here in the hip South End.  As a usual shopper of the (much) larger regional farmer's market, the colder temps drove me over to Atherton to see what was going on.  Glad I did.Smart little wooden stalls showcase a bakers' dozen or so vendors hawking everything from locally-made honey to vegan prepared foods to oils and balsamic vinegars of every taste and variety.  I'm a big fan of the local coffee roaster and the homemade pickles guy (no vinegar, only fermentation).  It almost seems unfair to have to review this place as a whole, each of the booths are so very different that they should each have their own spot on Yelp (hint, hint).It seems there were a number of bakers there (although none of the bigger guys in town) along with a disproportionate number of folks selling local eggs.  Perhaps it was just this time of year, but aside form salad greens, I didn't see a lot of local produce.  While this did cut down on my purchases, it did not detract from the fun and exploration of talking to and sampling from the other vendors.  What I like most about these local markets is you usually get to talk to an owner who will give you all the detail about his/her product.  Want something you don't see?  Just ask.  For example, the local coffee bean roaster just began making an espresso roast but didn't bring any to market out of fear not enough locals make their own espresso to create the demand.  They've actually consulted with a cupper to perfect their roast.  Now, I've got a bag coming in next week to try and report back to the roaster, all because I just asked.  Sweet!Do bring cash, not everyone takes a credit card.  Do come prepared to taste some great local things.  Do make a trip over here if you have any interest in broadening your locavore horizons!
5	This is the makes me feel at home. All of the vendors are so friendly and their products are of the highest quality. My fiance come here every Saturday and sometimes on Wensday because we love buying local.What makes Atherton great besides the products but the relationships that you have with the farmers. It feels good to know the color of the eyes of the person who raised the cow that tonight's dinner's beef cheeks, that  came from Proffit Farms. I know that three boys watch over the chickens at the New Terra Farms, which is where I get my eggs and Yogurt. You can't beat the freshness of Harmony Gardens greens which is so sustainable they made a Green House that has a roof made from a refridgerater door.It is always a joy to buy Honey from Cloister! No matter how many times I go buy honey he always gives me samples! I've had them all and Tupalo is my favorite, It should be eaten while listening to some Van Morrison (10pts if you know why)!There are countless other stalls that are mainstays such as Crumbs Bakery, Pickleville, and that Roasted Nuts guy (I love a good Nut) You can even get amazing organic doggy treats from SkyeTurtle Designs, which by the way this market is DOG FRIENDLY.Someone could argue that is two expensive to buy locally, I say learn to BUDGET and BUY the BEST quality food you can. Atherton Mills Farmers Markets has really fair prices and the products are more than worth it.
4	I actually saw the market on "For Your Home" and figured I should stop by to see if they were adequately represented (they are, though they look larger in that segment).  That is really the big complaint - though the market is cool, it is on the small side.You get a decent selection of goods, and the space is awesome, but it is not large by any stretch of the imagination.  Now it is both larger and nicer than Mint Hill, and probably rivals Matthews in both regards, but it takes all of three minutes to walk around the entire market even if you take your time.Where this market really shines is the vendors.  Go to the regional market and you get smiles, but aside from a few stalls, they are not terribly outgoing.  At the Atherton market, almost every one will start up a conversation, even if you have little to no interest in their product.  Some will seem like an old college roommate - and that can go either way.This is definitely what a market should be like.  Prior to the Atherton market, the last time I was in this space was when it was the trolley barn, and it is definitely a good upgrade.  Though I would hate to have them move, I would love to see them have an even larger space and take the energy with them.  In the meantime, it is definitely worth a stop.  Make sure to check the pickleman.
5	I recently found out that there are only three (3) Farmers Markets in Charlotte that allow locals-only: Atherton Mill, Mathews and Davidson. All others allow non-local and conventional farms. This alone makes Atherton a five-star destination.I visited the market for the first time on Easter weekend and although I arrived a little late (9 am is recommended), I still found a beautiful selection of spring vegetables, strawberries (in season), mushrooms, eggs, cheese, flowers, breads and pastries.  They also had several farms selling local and humanely-raised meats.I loved listening to the Farmers talk about their farms and products - which gave me a refreshing feeling of being part of the local food community.Bring your shopping bag & cash!
5	Nice farmers market, we go on Saturdays and they open at 9:00. Maybe 35-40 vendors, seasonal fruit, veggies, meat, eggs, fish, candles, soaps, nuts, milk, cheese.  Definitely more expensive than Earthfare but worth it. Bring cash. Spent $80 today without trying. Hours may be different in the winter, and fewer vendors, but still good stuff.
4	This market has great quality items and really friendly vendors! I stopped in around 10am and it was pretty busy. I walked past the guy handing out wine samples but I knew I would be back by on my way out. I managed to score some absolutely amazing blueberries from a guy outta Greer SC. I pulled away two quarts, 8 bux each I think. Also, be sure to buy a bag of almonds or walnuts from the Chosen Roaster, FRESH roasted nuts - try not to eat the whole bag on the ride home. I didn't find many vegetables that I was looking forward to, as many of the vendors seemed a little light on produce. I tried some awesome pickles from a really cool guy, didnt come away with any as they were a sodium bomb!I'm gonna be back often for those blueberries!!
4	My first farmers market visit in Charlotte. Really good selection of goods. Everyone was quite friendly.
5	Old MacDonald had a farm...and he brought his wares to South End. You know you were all just singing the tune in your head (just as I was when typing it)! On a more serious note, this Farmer's Market is the cat's meow. They have everything from grass fed meat to seafood to veggies to soap to candles to jewelry to honey (be sure to try the infused pumpkin spice or cinnamon honey). The vendors are all local and very helpful when you have questions on how to prepare their wares. The entire atmosphere is so friendly and upbeat that you just want to be eating and living a healthier lifestyle. New hours are Tuesday from 3-7pm, Wednesday from 11am-7pm and Saturday from 9am-2pm. Now for those of us who need to shop at least twice a week because we're using all fresh ingredients, being open after work is much appreciated! There is quite a bit of parking so that's never an issue. You'll also want to bring some cash as not all vendors accept cards.Be sure to check out Atherton; you won't be disappointed!
4	This farmer's market actually has farmers selling their goods! Unlike some other of the bigger markets in town - the ones I refer to as "outdoor grocery stores" - Atherton hosts a nice variety of local growers and merchants. Today I saw everything from red okra (!! way cool), goat and cow milk cheeses, to our local honey company Cloister Honey. The environment is great - there was live music today (provided by little old moi.)
4	I could kick myself for not getting here sooner. Of course I've had my eye on it for what seems like forever, or the pickles at Pickleville really, but I finally made it (and now love going back)! Yes, it's small, but if you get there early enough that loop holds plenty of goods and will definitely give you your farmers market fix. I like to start all the way on the right - a quick browse through simply local (mmm cheese), $1.50 coffee from the friendliest people at Monks, $6 quart of anything pickle/salsa/kimchi related from Pickleville (hot garlic and half sours are delish, as is the bean salsa!), and then my next few stops are up in the air... brioche? pastas? a bit of jewelry? handmade soaps? fresh greens and veggies? grass-fed lamb, beef, chicken, or pork (and sometimes duck) or maybe some fresh seafood from seafoods.com? it's kinda hard to pass up on the infused oils & vinegars when you have duke's bread to dip in it... yeah, there's a lot more than you thought crammed in this building! Plus, if you feel like holding off cooking your new purchases until the next day or so, they have plenty of prepared items (duck confit anyone?) to get you through dinner that night. There always seems to be a food truck out front these days (Maki Taco is the regular now, at least on saturdays) if you need a bite to eat immediately, and honestly from the vendors to the fellow shoppers, everyone is so nice (pre and post first coffee) sometimes you just want to hang out a little longer on the benches outside. Wednesday it seems really only half the vendors are there, some leaving their items at other stalls to sell (I know if I need to satisfy my Pickleville craving mid-week, I can usually pick some up through Simply Local), but Saturdays are definitely the biggest. Also, they open late enough that you can hit the large regional market and then come here, if you really like being the early bird.
3	After reading all the other reviews about the Atherton Mill Farmer's Market I'm wondering if I totally missed the bus, but I wasn't terribly impressed by Atherton Mill Farmer's Market. At some point I'm going to have to realize that I happily live in the South End.  At some point I will have to realize that I do enjoy the perks of living in an area where everything I need is within a matter of minutes' walk or drive.  I need to recognize that certain areas of town cater to a certain clientele.  South End tends to cater to the modern urban dweller.  This market caters to the modern urban dweller.  It's clean.  It has soy candles and artisan breads.  Whatever...  I want to see some leathery old dude wearing a hat with a farm machinery logo selling turnips or some shit.  No leathery old dudes here, though.  Just really smooth skinned, soy wax soap cleaned, barber spa shaved urban dwellers here.  And I'll bring my smooth, soy soap cleaned skin back here and give them a try again.  One thing:  he was not leathery and he was not wearing a tractor hat, but the pickle man is badass!   I felt like I'd known him all my life.  And all his pickled goods are damn good.  Typing this I am salivating just thinking about his kimchi.  Off to the fridge to get some now!
3	I strolled through one late Saturday after visiting Savory Spice Shop, did not purchase anything but all the stands looked very nice with great products. I look forward to returning one day when I actually need something so I can give a proper review.
4	Afternoon walk turned into a random farmers market trip :)Was so happy to find this place, I didn't mind waiting 30 minutes for it to open. All the vendors were super cool and helpful and after all the sampled goodies, I wasn't even hungry for all the goodies I bought!Def check out the pickle guys spicy pickles :)I bought some local honey too in hopes it will help my BF's body adjust to Carolina allergies :)Wish I lived locally, will have to send the BF to get me pickle refills :)
3	If you've been to the Airport Farmers Market, this one seems dinky in comparison.  That being said, it's still a very very nice location.  Clean, bright, friendly, and awesome.  The nut lady is for real! She has really nice nuts.... HAHAHAHAHA, ok sorry.  It would have been better if there was more of a selection to choose from, because it really is a nice place to shop.  Kinda pricey too, but that comes with the territory.  I'd definitely go back and get some things here and there, but probably only after I've purchased the bulk of my stuff at the airport market.
5	I can't help myself, I love this place. Wonderful fresh veggies. BTW, the vendors here are producers, so unlike some farmers markets that have vendors that purchase from farmers and then sell to you, so these people really know their product. So what can you get here  besides great veggies ?  Artisanal breads, pastas, humanley raised beef, pork and poultry( vistit the Windy Hills Farm booth). Soaps , candles, even healty treats for your pets. So whats not to love. This place reminds me of stories told to me by my Grandfather who was from Italy, where one would go and purchase the absoulte freshest items to prepare the family meal with. Do stop by and check it out.
4	In a mad dash to try out "Pickleville" on Saturday, we headed over to the market. I love it here!It's bright, clean, organic, & has a "down home" feeling. I love the details of the wooden displays & the chalkboard signs.As others noted, the folks here are really friendly & eager to let you sample.  And bets of all, they're all local vendors. As Will noted, not everyone is set up to take credit/debit cards, so bring cash.
4	Ok I went back and I loved it. I got there before 9AM, there were a few folks but relatively empty. I did a quick sweep of the place which did not take long and my first stop was the pickle guy, as everyone has said his stuff is awesome. I sampled all of his pickles and I had never had pickled Okra so that was interesting but very tasty. He was a friendly dude too, pickles were not even on my list but I had to get some bread and butter pickles since they are my favorite. I also picked up some salad greens from the lady next to pickle dude, she also had her first batch of carrots so I also got those. On my way out I needed tomatoes, the first stand had them along with WHITE cucumbers which I had to get too since those were new to me. I think this will be my go to Farmers Market from now on, I liked the variety and all the vendors were friendly. Sure it is a bit pricey and ill more than likely pick up extra stuff that isnt on my list, my salad greens were four dollars more here than the Kings Dr farmers market. But at least here I know its from a real person and not Monsanto. Whats more expensive through time, eating good food to maintain health or: Diabetes, heart problems, obesity?
3	Just past the Savory Spice Shop is the farmers market! The location is sort of small although I do like the homeliness of it all. It's a great place to pick up seasonal vegetables or to try some new artisanal treat. I actually didn't care for the peaches I got, but I adored the vanilla smoked bacon from Kobe's! Service was great but it's definitely more expensive than your supermarket fare. Bring cash and bring your reusable bag (although most vendors have plastic ones). Come early if you're seeking baked goods. By Saturday 11:30, most are sold out.
4	This is our "go to" market. Mostly local and always fresh. all the vendors are really nice and they always seem happy to see us. Much more laid back and a whole lot more local than the big market on Yorkmont. advice - get there earlymore advice - get some pickles
4	I highly recommend Dukes Bread!Went here again to give the spot a second chance and had a much nicer experience. This time I focused more on the bakers and cheese makers (last time I had a miss with the fruit). Dukes bread has this great cracked peppercorn sourdough with jack cheese. It was fluffy, flavorful and delicious! I didn't get to the market till 11:30am but I was able to purchase a loaf. At only $5 a loaf, I think it's a great deal for a gourmet bread. I also got some Bosky Acre's goat cheese which was tangy with a great, light texture. For food truck followers, it looks like the Roots truck is here on Saturdays.
5	This place is incredible.We recently moved into Ashton which is next door.  Having this marketplace to walk to is priceless.We walked down on a Saturday morning, grabbed a hot coffee and an iced coffee from one of the vendors, and walked around.  We picked up some fresh veggies and fresh Grouper to make for the weekend.  It was very convenient, very fresh, and we felt excellent that we were able to support the local market vs going to a chain location.  I highly recommend visiting but would say that you need to visit early before all the good stuff sells out.  We went a week ago at 11 (they open at 9) and nearly all the fish was sold out.  We got there 45 minutes after open this time and the shrimp had already sold out.I can't wait to go back!  The Roots breakfast truck was outside and I'll be sure to sample that next time.
5	I love this place! They get ALL of my coins. You have to be sure to go early, because the vendors sell out of certain items fairly quickly. I get lamb sausage, homemade butter, chipotle honey, various types of baby kale, mushrooms.... on a biweekly basis. There's always something worth buying. Bring cash and a tote bag to lug your purchases around in.
5	I love Atherton. Such a great little spot to stop by, peruse, "window" shop, or even grab some coffee or lunch-ish food. There's tons of options. There's a Cast Iron Waffles pop up stand here, Pickleville (they always have samples of different pickles), and per my last visit, there was a stand selling tons of cast iron cookware. I picked up a sturdy and perfectly shaped loaf pan for bread. It's a Lodge which is suuuuper nice. Super cheap, too! Think I got it for less than $20. Big props for the seller using Square to take payment, too. There's so much going on in here and it's hoppin' on the weekends. Especially in the earlier hours. I like to stop by after lunch at Luna's in the early afternoons on a weekday. Not too many people then and you can get some one-on-one time with the sellers.
4	So it's cold out and you have a hankering for fresh farmer's market esque food.  Where to go?  Right here.  With new additions like Heist Bakery (ie, Heist Brewery) you will love what you find here.  They have a rather ecclectic collection of vendors, from pickle specialist to honey to meat shops.  All good and all local.One of my favorite vendors is in here, Beverly's Gourmet Foods.  Unreal food from them and here's a hint, if you catch some right before they begin closing down you might can snag some really good pricing for those items they can't keep!!
2	Maybe It's off-season or something. When I walked in...it was completely DEAD! I think I saw one head of lettuce. Looking at the pictures I thought I was going to be WOW'd by fresh foods. There are winter fruits and Vegs correct? Just not here. I guess I should wait until spring. Hopefully it'll be a little more lively in the market.
5	I wish I lived by this place. An open, indoor old warehouse space which is AWESOME with local vendors. Everything is fresh, organic and sustainable. Meats, breads, produce, brownies (they were great) and more....Also bought some bar soap and deer antlers for the dogs.I always root for small business. Every community needs a place like this.
4	Local farmers selling their fresh meats and produce. Chosen Roaster has premium roasted nuts, they will make fresh trail mix with dates, apricots, cashews, peanuts and whatever you like. Cardais Gourmet makes good paleo granola! So fresh with a kick of cayenne! Unfortunately not a lot of fresh produce on 4/30.
4	Two Reviews in One!The Mill is REAL Cool!  Should get 5 yelp stars for being Cool!  Still it could be better and hopefully will eventually actualize its potential!Here are my favorite parts of the Mill :Big Ben British PubZucca PizzaSavory Spice the Spice Shop!Has Had a GREAT Gallery Space (thanks to Mr. Elder)Market? My Favorite places at the Mill are NOT the Market, though the Market is still worth a visit, it will not take long to see it...  Market has Potential, Great looking Spot!  Though I have not been on the Weekend, During the Week lots of Vendors are not "maning" their booths andThese were my Favorites (in Order): :1).  Pickleville 2).  Cloister Honey3).  Simply Local had:  Uncle Scott Root Beer!                                         Chocolate Bars from:  "French Broad"(Asheville), Black Mountain Chocolate (Black Mountain,NC) and Escazu (Raleigh)!                                          Muscadine Juices... the one I bought was about 2.75 stars, better than a few, though no where near the best!  Not enough flavor!
4	So I had never been inside the market. Shame on me. But we stopped in last night to see the newest installment of Not Just Coffee and I'm glad I made it. I couldn't BELIEVE how many adorable booths there were! Everything from soap to pickles to jewelry to produce to...you name it! It's a small market, but adorable on all counts.The one obvious drawback is the lack of airflow. It's dang hot in there during the summer, folks! I'd recommend getting in and out as quickly as your locavore self will let you. It's great, but not where I'd be spending any great length of time unless absolutely necessary.So stop by. Grab an iced pour over coffee from NJC, pick up some pickles and local produce and enjoy the Atherton Market.There are also quite a few restaurants nearby, so it's the perfect area to shop and dine.
3	Too small and closes too early (2p). Nice vendors when you can get in though
4	Great spot for shopping and dining.  I usually go around lunch time and so far haven't had any problems finding a parking spot.
4	The market is a small area with usually a food truck that is parked outside. There are about 15 or so vendors in side selling everything from fresh vegetables, local fish, meat, honey, farm fresh eggs can be found most of the time.If I cooked more I'm sure I could come up with a couple meals from the food I find at the market... Alas.... I am not a cook or chef.Prices for what I can tell seem to be pretty fair.Make sure you bring your own shopping bags because this market does its best to be green.The place is dog friendly and if your working on training your guy in tight quarters this would be a great place to take him to get use to all the sites sounds and closeness of people.
4	OMG. Are you kidding me? I've driven past this mecca of goodness for all this time and never made it in? What in the hell was I thinking? Tucked away in the back corner of the Atherton shopping center Atherton Mill and Market offers tons of great variety from local vendors. They've got coffee, desserts, local produce, art, bread, local grown grains and pickles just to name a few things I can remember. Seriously, whatever you're looking for it's here!Highlights for me:NJC: I'm glad to finally see a NJC on my side of town!!! So I'll be sure to get my Caramel Latte fix satisfied. Dean Breads: They have a Garlic and Olive Oil bread that is heavenly.  Like, seriously I think I sampled half the loaf. You can't forget to add to that the Spicy tomato olive oil (I think it's called something else) but it's ridiculously good.  Pickleville:  Hot Jalapeno Pickles. Say What. Sooooo GOOD. I can't wait to get back here. I'm sure this place only gets better in the summer months...so I can't wait!
4	I stopped in here while in the area because I knew Not Just Coffee had a location there. I wasn't expecting the rest of it but was so pleased with it. There are so many amazing shops in the market, only a few were open when we came in because it was a week day but we were able to sample some pickles and well as purchase some and see that they had a honey place as well as a place that made fresh pastas. We will be going back on a weekend as well to try the rest of the stores for sure.
4	Atherton Mill and Market is an awesome place!  It's the home of Not Just Coffee's second location and home to a number of local vendors including farmers, bee keepers, fish mongers, etc.  Other notable vendors include Pickleville (homemade naturally-fermented pickles), Bell's Best Berries (local produce including some awesome beets and fresh eggs), and Cloister Honey (local Charlotte-made honey with some amazing infusions) just to name a few.While Atherton has more of a farmer's market feel than 7th Street Public Market, the downside is that most of the shops aren't open during the week and the ones that are don't have full daytime hours.  I can't always make it on the weekend so it's disappointing to miss out of some of these gems.Please check out Atherton Mill and Market.  Get a coffee, some veggies, check out the Microfarms stand, and while you're there, don't forget about Luna's Living Kitchen and Savory Spice Shop also located at Atherton Mill (just not inside the market).
2	I was there on a Tues at lunch time.  Unfortunately there weren't many vendors and the ones that were there were not great at selling.  A lady trying to sell me soap wrapped in 'homemade' paper, who eventually said, well, its not really homemade.  It looks like it but from Michaels.  The pickle man seemed to have lots of info and samples, but they werent that great so I didnt buy.  I saw a main produce lady pulling peaches and strawberries out of a FLA. box and labeling the chalk board sign local as well as watching her wipe down waxed cucumbers and refrigerator squash.  I've had a farm.  This wasnt local.  There was some local hippy types selling patchouli  soaps, oils, and a great booth set up w air terrariums and a Pasta and Provisions make shift booth.  I would hope it would be much busier on the weekend, as I dont see why people would enjoy an empty space w not much to offer.  I'll have to try again later in the summer.  Going to check out Matthews F.M, Kings Dr, & CLT Regional to compare.   I use to deliver fresh veggies from our farm to your front door, so its not difficult to spot things out of season.  Id like to find a TRUE local farmers market.  I'll keep ya posted! :)
4	I love coming here Saturdays!  There is a great variety from local farmers to get the in-season fruits and veggies.  There are also vendors for soaps, plants, local shops and of course the awesome Not Just Coffee is set up inside.  The wine shop across the street has a tasting set up most Saturdays also and will discount your wine if you buy that day.  The location is easy to get to off the train or they have a big lot shared with Luna's.  Stop into Luna's or Big Bens for a bite and then wander over to the Mill - you won't be disappointed!!
4	What an awesomely cool market. All sorts of great stuff here, including Not Just Coffee. I particularly enjoyed the booth that just sells pickles. I mean, who would think that such a thing could exist but it does. We also picked up an artisan baguette that was perfect with our leftover Italian food. And as a housewarming gift, we bought a beautiful little terrarium. Just way cool.Only bummer was that NJC was closed promptly at 2:00 on Saturday and the local farmer was out of eggs. Oh well.
3	I feel like the bad guy considering All the previous great reviews but one thing really bugs me about this place. The pushy vendors. God, that irritates me when you and your partner are discussing the merits of one item vs another and the vendor is constantly in your face. Nothing chases me away faster. Needless to say we were not able to actually discuss and purchase anything as we were forced to leave. Attention vendors, if I have a question I'll ask.  Otherwise butt out.
