4	I was searching for a real hamburger, made with Beef and cooked to order (which includes Med Rare) I wanted something with flavor and it had to be juicy. I found it. I went for lunch some time last month and finally found a good burger. Everything was great the food, service, price, the place looks good after a recent remodel. I went back again with the kids, wanting to see if they had a fish fry on Fridays. Well they don't so I got the burger again. CONSISTANT! it was as good as the first. The kids got fish and corn dog nuggets, we had 2 loafs of homemade bread. and was out the door with tip for $20. We went again this time it was the 4 of us on Friday night. I had a steak, wife had the burger and the kids had DINO NUGGETS. Everything was cooked perfectly, fresh, and the waitress was great. They were having a live band outside on the large patio but with the kids we decided to skip the party. I will be back to try more.....
5	This place deserves more patrons. They rock! I am adding some keywords to help future searches. The best burger in phoenixhamburgerburgersteak
5	Ok, we love this place and want more people to know about it.  The staff is great, the food is awesome.  Large servings.  They have a bar, inside and outside seating.  They have live music and karaoke some nights.  Great for families, everyone is so friendly.  They really need to advertise more or something.  They hand cut their steaks.  Awesome really.  Best place in New River, a lot of folks just don't know about it.  You won't feel like an outsider here!
5	Okay, I have to confess, I signed up for Yelp just to review this restaurant. My husband and I just got back from breakfast with some friends of ours and WOW. It was seriously one of the best breakfasts I've had in a long time. If you like the small town, mom and pop sort of places, this is for you. The food is hearty, down-home food, in a small, cozy restaurant. The staff is really very friendly and attentive. But what really did this place for me was the over all value and quality. Breakfast for four, with coffee was $40. The boys had the country fried steak platter (country fried steak chopped up and put over country potatoes topped with country gravy and cheese). This was easily the best country fried steak I have ever tried. And believe me, I am not normally a fan of country fried steak. (This is the part where my husband would yell at me, "BUT IT IS FRIED!!! What is there NOT to like!!!" Eh, just not my thing. I like my arteries just the way they are tyvm.) I had the breakfast enchiladas which was scrambled eggs inside corn tortillas topped with Spanish sauce, cheese and sour cream with country potatoes. WOW. I loved every second of that breakfast. The potatoes were so flavorful. Again, not normally a fan of country potatoes. Usually places over season them for me, or completely under-season and make them bland. Not the case here. Very flavorful. My friend didn't care for the bite of my breakfast that she tried, but she isn't a fan of corn tortillas. Go figure. She isn't from these parts, so I'll let it slide this time. I'll keep working on that one. I forget the name of what she got, but it was another layered dish with loaded fried potatoes (made with the fab country potatoes that I just mentioned, only loaded with ham, onion and peppers, MMMM!!!) on the bottom, topped with a sausage patty, bacon and eggs. All of the portions were huge, and we all rolled our way out of the restaurant back to our respective cars. And I will absolutely be crashing for a nap here shortly, but over all, this was SO worth going to. We will absolutely be back. Great value, great food, great atmosphere. A nice hidden gem!  If you are not in the New River/Anthem area, this is just off the I-17 and easy to get to on your way in or out of Phoenix.  Worth stopping!!
2	The best thing about this place is the service. The food was average at best and very bland. I ordered the Steak & Shrimp which I got 3 with my meal. Steak was medium and still a bit tough. My salad came with a few shreds of carrots, one cucumber slice and a slice of tomato. The dining room looked looked hand built with metal siding and 2x4's : /Red, if you were truly this poor you should have stuck with the bar you have going on the side of the building instead of venturing further in the hospitality business.
4	Great local steakhouse. Went on a Saturday night and had a complete prime rib dinner for $9.99. Huge cut of meat and very little fat but lots of flavor cooked perfectly.  Note: they have changed their name back to New River Station as of May 2010.
4	Been here for dinner and breakfast a few times and breakfast is the shizzle! Dinner was good, but nothing to write home about. Ok so dinner first, straight forward, nothing unexpected, hubby got ribs he said theyre decent, baked potato was itty bitty, salad is iceburg lettuce, but its all good enough and filling. No complaints, no wow's. Service is good, everyone is friendly. Now breakfast is whole different story (not the service, just the food, service has been good any time!). It is soooo good, I got the chicken fried steak and it was awesome, you know how sometimes, it can be all chewy, not here! The portions are HUGE so take your appetite! It was good and its just down home cooking, nothing fancy (not the place or the food), but it hits the spot!
1	It is closed and they auctioned it off a few days ago, may reopen soon?
