1	Okay maybe out east our fake beef is tastier or something but this was hands down the worst Taco Bell I've ever had. First off, they messed up our order but being hungry and having a grumpy toddler yelling in our ears, we didn't bother to correct it. Second, the steak in the chalupas my husband ordered was extremely bland and the chalupa bread was bitter like it was old or fried in bad oil or whatever they do to that. The "beef" in my soft taco was the right color and consistency but was also flavorless. Stranger still was the normally soft tortilla wrap was crispy on the edges but soaked through everywhere else. How long had it been sitting there anyways? Hmmm, hoping that not ALL the Taco Bells in Arizona suck. But thankfully with all the Mexican food around, it shouldn't be hard to find decent tacos elsewhere.
4	What's not to love about Taco Bell? You can't seriously go there and expect more than exactly what you get. This particular one gets my order right more often than not, so that's good at least.
5	OK, seems silly to review (another) Taco Bell, but I just wanted to write a little something about how friendly the staff is at this location!  "Please," "Thank you," "Have a nice day," and a smile go a long way!
4	Taco Bell - for a fast food restaurants it's quick and easy. I've dropped into this location several times to beat down some tacos and burritos, among other things of course. My favorite is the enchurito but Word on the street is this item has been discontinued. But with plenty on items on the menu, I guess I can satisfy my taste buds somehow. You can always buy a burrito and a taco supreme then put them together and make your own jumbo size burrito supreme. Yeah, that's a J Monday special.....haha! Location wise - it's very convenient. Pretty quick drive through. Can't say that my order has been messed up yet which is a plus for this food chain. Inside is a bit aged, doesn't have that awesome clean feel to it but it's not dirty either. Overall, when I'm in need for pretend Mexican food that's fast and fast, and I just happen to be in the area this will be my jam.
