4	Next time I eat here - I will wear sweat pants...This will be a breakfast destination when I want to over indulge (or I went out the night before).I like breakfast and they serve a good one :-).   I chose to sit at the counter (due to there were no open tables) and felt sorry for the waitress.    The diner was so crowded (due to the good service / food) that the servers had to orchestrate Cirque du Soliel movements behind the counter with large platters of food.The food was very good and as Leah mentioned earlier (at a reasonable price).I will be back!Food - $8 Service - Great - The waitress was friendly even though she was busy.Atmosphere - Very busy - but still pretty clean considering the foot traffic.Please note the parking lot was full when I arrived.   This will be your biggest obstacle to a great breakfast!
4	Great joint for breakfast. Huge hangover killin' pancakes! And the best French toast I've had since '99.
4	Above average diner. Huge pancakesAnd while more expensive than a Denny's, it is local and not depressing like a Denny's. Will go back.
4	Food was great & Great service, good prices, great portions!
1	Horrible service! Dirty place!  There was 5 of us for breakfast and our food took so long to come out!  Don't eat here!
2	Tried Bob's for the first time today. The food was good-- we got eggs and pancakes- and our service was friendly. However, I was very put-off by the lack of cleanliness. I eat out a lot, and I think the floor in this place was the dirtiest I have ever seen. Also, the upholstered chairs looked downright grimy. Sorry to say that I won't be back and can't recommend it. When the basics aren't taken care of out front, I can only imagine what is happening back in the kitchen...
4	Carnegie needed something like this. A great little diner and good food. The pancakes are huge and tasty.
4	I eat here regularly, as you can see by my number of check ins here. This doesn't include the times I just forget to check in lol. I love seeing regular faces here. The home fries are almost as good as Pamela's Diner (in the strip). The breakfast sandwich, however, is my fave!! I actually become sad when it's time to take my last bite. Gotta try this place for breakfast. It's a diner, not a 5 star restaurant. Keep that in mind when visiting. It's not going to have matching linens, plates, and chandeliers, like some people would want. Go to the Grand Concourse for Sunday brunch with Bloody Marys and mimosas. Good home style cooking with good people surrounding you.
2	Service is decent food could be better. $1 per slice of bacon side order is pretty step. Restaurant cleanliness is lacking as well. Looks like stuff that's been on the floor for the last few days. Most likely won't be going back unless I hear things have improved.
3	It's places like Bob's that makes you forget about Denny's, IHOP, Eat N Park (although I do love ENP's whole grain pancakes) but, not Waffle House, that place will always have a place in my heart. Okay, let's get talking about Bob's, good coffee, that's what I judge a diner by, and Bob's has some good Joe. I had an egg white omelet with peppers, onions, and shrooms, whole wheat toast, and fresh fruit. The fruit was fresh sliced, mostly melon, nice and fresh. The toast was perfectly lite brown and the eggs were cooked through and benefitted from a few dashes of salt and pepper. The vegetables were cooked through. All and all a good meal. Next time I will ask if they make an oatmeal pancake or buck wheat and give them a try.
3	I was apartment searching in Carnegie on Good Friday since I had off work. I've been searching Craiglist but sometimes you're lucky enough to find a "for rent" sign on a great apt that isn't listed on craigslist. I didnt really have luck, but i worked up an appetite. I had passed a few places in Carnegie to eat, but the words 'diner' really stuck out to me. Also, I noticed from the decal on the door that they took cards which was a plus. They had specials for Lent and the crab cake sandwich stuck out to me. I also took a look at their menu which wasnt bad at all.. usual diner fare.The crabcake sandwich was satisfying and it came with a side of fries and cole slaw. The cole slaw was actually good. My mom is one of those people who wants hers to bathe in dressing. She wouldn't have liked Bob's but it had just the right amount in my opinion.Service was okay. They were busy and you felt as if the server was rushed but that was fine.I could agree with the other reviewers who mentioned the upholstered chairs that could use a good scrubbin (or just new ones) & that the food takes foreverrrrrr- hence the only 3 star review. However, an older gentleman stopped to ask how my meal was (the owner im assuming?) Afterwards he went back into the kitchen and i couldn't see/hear any other cooks, so im thinking he does it all on his own.. which would explain the wait times. I'll wait for an old sweetie to cook for food! If i become lucky and find an apartment in downtown Carnegie, then I'll be back for some dinre fare.
3	After hearing good things about Bob's Diner, my wife and I decided to visit for an early dinner after attending the Pittsburgh Pirates game of Wednesday, 7 May 2014.  We were immediately greeted by two delightful and friendly people, including the lady who would be our server and a gentleman who apparently works in the kitchen.  They engaged us in pleasant conversation about the game and immediately established rapport, making us feel welcome.My wife ordered liver and onions, which came with homemade mashed potatoes and fresh green beans.  I had a reuben sandwich, which came with bagged chips. We were brought two large slices of fresh Italian bread and soft butter. We shared an order of onion rings for an appetizer. The portion sizes were standard.  All of our food was delicious.  My sandwich was served on a nice marble rye bread.  The bagged chips meant nothing to me as this is something that I can have at home.   Eat 'n Park serves excellent homemade chips with its sandwiches and entrees. Although we did not have dessert, they looked good and I was impressed to see an old-fashioned milkshake machine.Throughout the meal, our server was efficient and gracious, performing a quality check.With early bird $1.00 discounts and a $1.00 coupon, our total tariff came to just over $20, a bargain for all of the good food that we enjoyed.The downside of the restaurant is that it is old, old, old: badly in need of renovation and style. Unlike Bob's Diner in Carnegie, Eat 'n Park offers modern, bright, cheerful, attractive restaurants.  If Bob's would adopt a similar strategy, it would be a place that I would be anxious to visit again.  As it stands, I would not go out of the way to dine there again.The restaurant is to open a new location in my community of Upper Saint Clair soon in an area in which a number of restaurants have failed.  I hope that this new location will be a modern, bright, uplifting facility, and that it will succeed.
4	Very large menu with all your breakfast needs. We went with a large group and they were able to accommodate us. My husband's French toast was made exactly how he likes it. The cookies and cream pancakes were a unique choice and a little too large to finish in one sitting (no dollar from bob for us). As far as diners go, this was a great find and we'll be back.
3	Solid Breakfast! I had an egg white omelette with mushrooms, ham and Swiss: the eggs were fluffy, and the cheese melted perfectly into the juicy ham and mushrooms. My Husband enjoyed the Dad's Double Breakfast, with scrambled eggs, bacon & sausage, wheat toast and two Banana Pecan pancakes. Again, the eggs were fluffy and the pancakes were cooked perfectly and loaded with bananas and pecans.Both meals came with Homefries, which were just ok: some of the potatoes weren't cooked all the way through and some tasted of old "grease."The service was prompt and very friendly; and the coffee was hot and fresh. We will definitely go back with our children, who I'm sure will love it!
3	The food was very good. I got the eggs bendict and my husband had the sausage biscuits and sausage. Everything tasted great and fresh. The sausage patty was huge, homemade and delicious! We went Saturday morning so it was crowded but we were seated immediately by a very overworked gentleman. The host clearly needed some help and another waitress would really improve the time waiting. We got our food quickly and thankfully everything was fine as it was because we had to wait a long time to get our check. This is probably my biggest pet peeve when it comes to service. They had run out of silverware and our waitress was either making toast or on her phone for 5 minutes while we waited for the check. I would probably go back again but at off peak times. Great food but the service isn't the best.
2	Stopped @ Bobs Diner for breakfast. The food wasn't bad but really wasn't that good either. Pretty basic diner food, nothing special. The eggs Benedict didn't have a lot of flavor, the pancake was chewy & the egg sandwich was kind of greasy. Wasn't the worst diner food I've had however isn't worth going back. There are much better diners around the city. Service was ok, waitress was friendly & prices are decent. The diner wasn't dirty but yet didn't feel really clean either.
