3	Visited Applebees for a family restaurant outing.  They have a good kids menu, and make an effort to make families feel welcome.  The restaurant has sports bar but it does not affect the family friendly atmosphere.  When we were there appetizers were half price for the elongated happy hour.The meals came promptly, and were enjoyed by all.  The apple pie desert was exellent.  The only minor problemscame with the clearing of the table, which we had to ask for.  Also a wine glass was accidentally spilled, the server never offered to replace it, free or otherwise.All in all a good place for after work sports bar action, and also for a family dinner.
1	I've really grown to HATE Applebees...so why do I go?  Well, when I ride with my reps they get to choose lunch.I hate Applebees because everything is prepackaged and then warmed up in each store.  BUT, the service is what gave this location a one star.  The server came and took our order (drink & food).  Then about 5 minutes later she came and told us our food was coming, but she had not brought our drinks...so we asked for our drinks.  Then food came, but i was missing a requested sauce by both of us.  She didn't come back to the table so my rep went to the counter and asked for sauce for both of us.  She brought his, not mine and then asked if I wanted sauce.  Then she asked if we needed more drink (they were both empty) and we said yes.  No, drinks until we asked again.There are too many options to eat at Applebees.
3	I guess I might be biased because I used to work at an Applebee's, but whatever - I still like the place.But I can tell you for a fact that everything is NOT "prepackaged and then warmed up." Nearly everything is made fresh, so don't act like you know this for a fact. I've watched the cooks prepare the food daily so many times, I could probably do it myself.That being said, yea, it's not the greatest food in the world. It's definitely bar/grill food. Some of it is delicious, though - like the boneless wings and the oriental chicken salad. Other items are hit-or-miss, but what do you expect? This isn't a four-star establishment. They've cut down their lunch specials menu to just soup and salad, which sucks, but maybe they'll bring back the Pick 'n Pair someday.This location is always good to go to if you want to relax, except for Fridays and Saturday nights. Also, Saturday night is karaoke, so go at your own risk. You'll probably have to suffer through tons of older folks singing bad country music.Happy hour is pretty good here - 1/2 off drinks and select appetizers Monday through Friday, and drinks on Saturday and Sunday. Can't go wrong with that. They're totally dead late at night, so that's a great time to go.I know this is a chain, but I like this location in particular because it isn't too busy and everyone is pretty friendly.
3	Good for 2 for 20, if you want something cheap this is the ticket.
1	We went here for lunch with my 3 young kids, my cousin, my dad, my husband. Party of 7. The adults all got the all-u-can-eat soup and salad lunch. The kids got kids meals. It took exactly 40 minutes for us to get our plates. Kids are cranky at this point from the long wait.  If you've never had the all-u-can-eat deal, it's basically a pinch of salad and 2 slurps of soup; i.e. the SMALLEST possible serving ever. Soup is cold, salad is drowning in dressing.The fun part begins now that we are STILL starving... wait 10 minutes after eating our meal to track down a waitress to request a "refill" serving. 30 minutes later... we get our second serving - still, tiniest ever portion. Hunger is still not satisfied as the portion is so minimal - BUT the kids have now been sitting there for well over 1.5 hours and we just need to get the hell out. The very pregnant manager finally appears to open the door for us to leave - I VERY kindly tell her that the service was extremely slow and the all-u-can-eat deal seems like a scam if you can't get much to eat... and that when you have children, this kind of service is really sad. She says sorry but thanks for coming. Well, NEVER AGAIN.
2	Are these places Corporate owned or franchises?  I wonder?  Went for an early dinner with my wife last friday.  When we got there, we opened the door and waited at the hostess station for around five minutes before anyone came to greet us.  At the end of the bar, four wait staff were standing around and talking and not caring that they had customers waiting.  Then we were seated and waited a few more minutes before a male waiter came to take our drink order.  My wife ordered iced tea with no lemon and I ordered a beer on tap.  Her iced tea came rather quickly but it had a lemon wedge in it.  My beer did not come with her drink so I waited and waited.  About seven minutes later the waiter said that he could not find the bartender so he could not get me a beer --- WTF?  What kind of stupid place is this?  So after about 10 minutes we got our iced tea without lemon and my beer.  We ordered the two for $20 dinners they were pretty good.  Not outstanding, but pretty good.  We ordered the onion rings for our appetizer and they came hot, crispy, and perfectly fried -- I liked those.  My wife ordered the riblets with french fries and those were good too.  I ordered the four cheese penne with chicken and that came as a big serving and was pretty good too.So I think the food is decent, not great, but decent, and the male waiter was a good server.  But the overall customer service focus and the way management runs that establishment needs to pay attention.  My guess is that this place is losing money and it is no wonder why this is happening.  I could be wrong, but these are my opinions and observations.
5	We have been several times. Dining in as well as curb side to go. Great service and good food. We always return.
2	Food was cold even after sending back, beer was at 45 degrees. Asked about when it was going to be fixed, as it has been this way last 10 times I went, and was told that is all it gets. Rude waitress and no smiles at all. Greeter was excellent aswas the cleanliness of restaurant. All was spoiled with waitress, food, and beer!!!!
1	Worse service ever. My husband and I went in on a Friday night. Service was slow not that busy we just were lucky enough to get laziest of them. 20.00 special...appetizer was decent spinach dip... My husband got the sirloin med rare..initially it came out Med to Med well. We hate to be complainers but come on..took awile for manager to come out and "inspect" our complaint...she of course agreed..meanwhile I'm sitting with my food and I hate eating when somebody else isn't eating or has their food delivered, but I digress the 2nd steak came out still over cooked. Hungry by now we just accepted in stride and he ate it. Way salty. Check cones to table FINALLY! Seriously we never saw her. Was sooooo frustrating. Its like what are you doing. Ugh! Check was 20.00 off. We had to wait and wait, wait, wait, wait till finally my husband approached our waitress while she congregated up front with Co workers. She fixes the mistake and by now we want to leave..we were ready to go, but we wait and wait, wait, wait, till I finally grab another more ummmmm astute waiter who took our bill. I hate, hate under tipping having worked in the industry in my youth, but I had no choice. In the short will never ever never visit this establishment again.
4	I've eaten in here 2-3 times and did "Carside to go" twice.  No matter how I've eaten here - it has always been a solid experience.  The carside to go deal is awesome.  They see your car pull in and bring it right out.  The staff on the phone is friendly when they take your order, the staff in person has always been very accommodating and they don't do the "eye roll" when I ask for a booth.I just moved to this side of the valley from the west side and, let me tell you, if you think anything negative about this Applebee's - try to eat at one on the west side (yech).Favorites:  The new wedge salad, the pretzels with beer cheese, and the potato twisters.  (I am a real health nut.)  Also, if you haven't tried a Perfect with extra olives, you're missing out.
5	I must say, Applebee's has really stepped up their game lately! I've been to 2 of their locations in the past few months and haven't been disappointed at all. Their HH is awesome and they have re-vamped their menu. The drink menu is also really good. I specifically enjoy the white peach sangria and you can't go wrong with a $3 20 oz beer on draft. I literally live around the corner from this location and have visited several times (carside to go included). The customer service is quite wonderful; everyone is very friendly and helpful. The carside to go is super convenient and fast so if you're in a hurry or don't want to eat inside, get it to go. The 2 for $20 is also a nice option (but limited) if you're wanting to eat out for less. Overall, 5 stars to Applebee's and this location especially!
1	Beer still warm and service slow. Food was not hot. You would think they would want to have the coldest beer but as usual, they don't seem to care. Place is always empty and the reputation is going down
4	My husband and I had lunch here for the first time in years. The service was good and so was the food. We enjoyed the new lunch combos. We are looking forward to trying them all. We will definitely be back in the near future.
1	Came in to order curbside togo, got the soup of the day and a full size salad. The soup was broccoli cheddar, when I received the cup, it was filled a little over halfway, $3.29 for literally 1c. size of room temperature thick soup where some of the cheese is not even melted. Also another disappointment was there was ok spoon provided in our bag, just forks. Not very helpful, and sadly I have no spoons at our house since we are currently in the process of moving. And to top it off, some of the lettuce in the salad I ordered was brown. I recommend skipping this one.
4	Its your standard Applebees.
3	When you have the munchies and everywhere else is closed this is the hot spot. Outside of that I probably wouldn't come to Applebee's. It's not bad by any means but it's not a choice I consider until desperation sets it. The nachos are on point for sure. They aren't as good as the nachos of 2005 but they are still pretty good. The people here are always friendly and the restaurant is always clean.
4	place closed down as of dec 26 2013steve
1	Went for lunch  closed   All signs are off the building no notice. What happened?   Pfft gone!
