2	the "hook" for this restaurant is their all you can eat sushi which for your sake, DON'T DO IT. all you can eat is not neccessarily a good thing, unless you came from a war torn country and your last good meal was taking a bite out of your dead neighbor's rotting corpse. I am NOT one of THOSE. bulk eating makes me think of muffin tops, food comas, and crapping in my pants. all you can eat is no bueno!anyways, i decided against the all you can eat sushi option and settled on their combo meal (shrimp tempura and california rolls) with a spicy tuna roll for an appetizer. nothing was particularly outstanding. the rolls were mushy and it was obvious the spicy tuna was not of the best quality because you can taste the "veins" in it. you know, that elasticky chewy white part in the flesh that shouldn't be there!since i'm not familiar with sushi in nevada, i cannot offer another "you should go here instead option." i'm sure the strip has lots, but in henderson, i am baffled as to how this place survives.
5	My husband and I love this place! We're not usually all-you-can-eat fans of anything, but their all-you-can-eat sushi is a must. There are so many different types of sushi and rolls to choose from as well as other non-sushi fare. We always sit at the sushi bar which adds to the experience. If you're in the mood to try a variety of food this place is definitely the place to go!Note: You can always ask for a half order of a roll so that you don't get full off just one or two if you want to try a good variety.
2	lets just say the only good thing about this place was that there waitresses were pretty. as the review below me stated the all you can eat is pretty much the only good thing about this place. you can order only FULL rolls. you can't order half rolls so you cant even get a taste of everything on the menu. also you are only allowed ONE desert -_- so there goes desert selection also. service was okay, but at times pretty slow. as i said the best thing about this place was the waitresses. if your up for the trip theres a nice little sushi place called XTREME SUSHI in southern highlands.... much more better.
4	My girlfriend introduced me to sushi about a year and a half ago and she took me to the Sushi Factory on Eastern in Henderson for my introduction.  I LOVED it and was hooked on sushi from the beginning.  The downside to my review is that I cannot compare it to any other sushi places because I've always just gone back to the Sushi Factory.  In my mind, there's no reason to try elsewhere because I'm very happy with the food and service there and they have a punch card where if you get 10 all-you-can-eats you get the 11th for free.Without being able to compare their sushi to others, I find it very fresh and tasty.  As others have commented, you can get half-rolls, which makes it easier to try a variety without completely stuffing yourself.  My favorites are the fantasy and double-d rolls.  I always get the red snapper and cajun albacore sushi and they have a decent little side menu with egg rolls and the like as well.  The lunch all-you-can-eat price is $22 and the dinner price is $25.  I think the time change between the two happens around 4pm or so.  I'm aware that there is a time limit at other all-you-can-eat sushi places but NONE here.The same main sushi guy is ALWAYS there when I am in there.  I get the feeling that he is also the owner and he actually mentioned to me last time I was there that he only takes like a few days off the entire year!!!!  I can't imagine that, but yet again, he is ALWAYS there no matter what day or what time I go in.  He an extremely friendly guy and the whole staff welcomes you as you walk in to the place!With the caveat that there could be better places out there since I've never tried anywhere else, I would highly recommend this place.  If you do try it and don't find it as good as somewhere else, please leave your own review with an alternate idea.
4	This used to be Sushi Club but they changed owner I believe. The staff was friendly. Sushi was pretty good. Lots of variety rolls. They had a special roll called Muscle Buster that we tried.. It had gyoza, shumai, crab meat, spicy tuna. I think I like my gyoza and shumai separately though. For desserts - Their fried banana ice cream was good! They also have the standard mochi, green tea and plum ice creams.
4	This place is very good for sushi.  I always get the AYCE and you will get your money's worth.  I usually go nigiri and their fish is fresh.  They are also good on the rolls.  They also have a list of the top 10 sushi rolls ordered or most popular and it is also a good list to reference to if you are undecided.  The chefs are also very nice and personable.  The service is good and pretty quick.
1	I like to  start the day with positives, so on that note I will say that Sushi Factory has a fun college-like atmosphere, Staff is friendly enough, and the restaurant is bright and welcoming. What's not pleasant however, is the fish.  It was horrid. Not fresh AT all. The sushi rolls were no better-the rice lacked the vinegar kick it needed and again the substance was skimp/tasteless. We ordered about 6 rolls, none were spectacular. The Dynamite roll is supposed to be "off the hook", but it was no better, it was simply disguised underneath a thick baked mayonnaise concoction  The miso soup was the only thing I half enjoyed. The salad was a cut of ice berg lettuce with a less than exciting dressing (that I believe was supposed to taste like ginger?). Thank goodness I didn't go for the all you can eat!Ending on a bright note, I hear they have good happy hour...
5	I go out for sushi about once a week and I continuously come back to this place for all-you-can-eat...You can get oysters and terriyaki and 25 different rolls and edamame and quail egg shooters and dessert and apps and it's all GREAT! Naka (sp?) is always there at the sushi bar to make you laugh and smile as you eat delicious sushi. Tell the sushi chefs what you like (ie: spicy and hamachi) and they'll create something on the spot.
4	Great place for all you can eat sushi and it's an excellent alternative to sushi-mon down the road.... Mainly because when we walked in last night, there was no wait and we were seated right away. One of the best things about this place is the all you can eat sushi is limited to the whole menu and includes other dishes like Gyoza and edamame (which are probably included at other places but I never noticed)And while your there and sitting at the sushi bar, buy the sushi chef a shot or two or six of sake! He will greatly appreciate it. $1 sake on Monday nights to!
2	I really wanted to like Sushi Factory because I am a fan of AYCE sushi, but sadly, I did not like this place and will probably never go back here. Went with my BF and his Aunt and Uncle.  The four of us have been having sushi together pretty regularly for several months now, as the Aunt & Uncle have just discovered their love of sushi.  We decided to venture outside of our normal stomping ground, I Love Sushi, and check out Sushi Factory.  We tried Edamame beans (good), Miso soup (really salty), they had salads which were apparently good as well.  We tried a variety of rolls and don't really remember most of them.  Mainly because they were not very flavorful.  The fish was fresh but we tend to go for the spicier sushi rolls and even the ones which were supposed to be spicy were not spicy enough.  The last roll we ordered and our favorite was Spicy Christmas Roll.  This was the only roll that had enough hotness for us.  On top of the fact that we didn't care for the sushi, the atmosphere was not great.  It was like eating sushi in someone's garage, not decorated at all and awkwardly set up.  The staff was really friendly but the mediocre sushi coupled with the surroundings had us all longing for I Love Sushi.
5	My favorite place for all you can eat sushi! Lunch is $22, dinner is $25. They also offer a la carte rolls if that's your forte, but why not splurge?! All You Can Eat also includes things like (but not limited to) soup, edamame, tempura, yakitori, and ice cream. I love the open feel of the new location (original is at Flamingo & Rainbow).
4	This place was really great. I was always a fan of Sushi Mon but this is much less crowded and is three times the size. The All You Can Eat is a few dollars cheaper, at 23.99ish for dinner and 20ish for lunch. They have two sectioned off areas with 5 - 6 dinning tables, the horseshoe bar and a couch area. This is going to be our new place.
5	sushi licious!!!
1	I had a really bad scallop and got sick. I will never go back here!
4	The best all you can eat sushi in Las Vegas. I prefer the location in Henderson. The thing that make this place great is that you can get EVERYTHING on the menu in the all you can eat. And there's no time limit!
5	A $10 lunch that includes TWO veggie rolls, stir-fry, rice AND soup? Plus decent service. Might take a bit of time, but it's made fresh to order so definitely worth it. Lunch special is on til 3 so we miss the normal lunch rush hours & get faster sevice. Not the super chic decor, but I'm there for the food, not trendy vibe that doubles the prices.
2	Sushi rolls are okay. Not very authentic. The tuna was lacking in flavor, probably frozen. Teriyaki was really sweet, tasted a lot like mikarashi (rice cake sauce). Next time we'll spend our money at Miko's Izakaya.
2	Went to sushi factory on a whim since I was in the area. I went for the all u can eat for $24.95. First off I started with the yakisoba which was good but it had a pool of oil on the bottom, so stick to just eating the top part. The ahi poke was too sweet and vinegary. The tempura calamari was perfectly cooked and seasoned. The sushi rice was excellent. The fish less than perfect. Since they use a Lot of frozen fish. I can taste the co2 in the fish. It was pretty slow when I went only 8 people in the restaurant including myself. Overall pretty good. I didn't eat any rolls since I'm not a roll kind of guy. Hehe.
3	When you first enter the building, it is nothing special. The decor of the restaurant is sparse and bare. It is an open space with a lot of room. You will not suffocate from close proximation to other guest.The service is fantastic. The sushi chef that took care of us was quick and rolled a tight roll. The waiter removed dirty dishes promptly and refilled our drinks in a timely manner. The nigiri is the highlight of the whole menu. The generous cuts of fish is a good balance to the amount of rice. The starch is well flavored and has a good consistency. The rolls are nothing spectacular. The ones marked as spicy do not hold up to the chili pepper symbol that sits next to the name. The tempura batter is also too thick and does not fry up crisp enough to give a contrast to the rest of the ingredients.The seaweed salad and ahi poke are delicious. I ordered two to share with a friend and found that I had devoured most of it before he saw what happened. The poke is not like anything you have seen before. They do not believe in small chunks, these pieces are the size of Vienna sausages. I do not mind and actually prefer it this way. The nigiri is what makes the all you can eat worth it. Lunch will set you back $21.95.
4	LOVE THEIR FOOD.the service is great too :)
3	def fan of AUCE and this place isnt bad but its not great. not a huge menu, at least not full of diff things. a lot of the rolls are very similar. weve been twice and both times they only had 2 sushi chefs and one guy working the floor, thus very slow service.
5	This is by far my favorite sushi place. I'm a sushi lover and gone to all the sushi restaurants places in Vegas and this is on the top of my list.  I just wish they have a location in SOUTHERN HIGHLANDS!!!!
4	Love this sushi restaurant.  They have one of the best AYCE in Vegas.  And through the month of October 2011, the AYCE price for lunch AND dinner is *******$18.95******** per person.  That includes almost all rolls (except the super fancy ones) and sides like edamame and miso soup.  However, this price is ONLY available at the Henderson location.My favorite roll is the Spicy Tuna Crazy Roll which is a deep fried spicy tuna with jalapeno and cream cheese.  It's sooooooooo good, just the right amount of crunchiness and subtle spicy flavor.  My new favorite roll is the I.T.Y. (I Told You), also deep fried but with shrimp.  (I may or may not have a penchant for deep-fried rolls.)   Although the menu seems overwhelming, the rolls mainly tend to be a variation of shrimp, salmon, tuna, scallops, eel, cream cheese, avocado and jalapenos. The space in this location is a bit odd; one-half has tables and chairs like, uh, a restaurant.  The other-half is sort of just an open space with a pool table.  It's VERY casual.  The service does tend to be slow at the tables, so its best to sit at the bar if you want quick and efficient service.  Nonetheless, the sushi (and chefs) here are great.  They also have a frequent flier card, buy 10 AYCE and 1 free!  If that's wrong, I don't want to be right...
2	Well, the rolls here are pretty special. The "Jimmy the Attorney" and the OMG roll are fantastic as is the price, $18.95 all you can eat. The carpet was in need of a vacuuming and some of the "food safe" practices were questionable. I will try it again in a few weeks.
3	AYCE is awesome. Makes me wonder though why every time we come visit it's a different chef. Hmmm *scratches chin.* Nonetheless, experience was never bad. I would come back, especially if they keep the chirashi in the menu. :)
1	I was not impressed by this restaurant at all. The flooring is all carpeting and it is disgusting. Please vacuum and deep clean it. Even better just replace that nasty floor. The menu was dirty and sticky. Just clean the restaurant!!! The rolls were nothing to brag about, just average food. Even the roll presentation was bad. We will not be returning.
4	PRETTY DELICIOUS, and DEPENDABLE.Sushi Factory is always a good time. It used to be better when NAKA worked there but, i guess he went on vacation... and never came back. Ooooo, creepy. ANYWAYS, Try the THAT'S HOW I ROLL. i invented it....seriously. i did. :)
3	Years ago, this was my favorite sushi spot. It's moved down that list a ways, mostly because my tastes have branched out. Decent quality food but it seems like some combinations of the same 5 things are used in every roll.
1	My previous review was written 3 years ago.  I've been back MANY times since, but my friends and I tried to go there tonight (2/15/12) and it was closed and there was a red warning sign on the front door from the Henderson Constable's Office.  Everything inside looked the same, so I hope whatever legal issues will be resolved, but I'm not holding my breath.  It would suck because I have a $40 gift certificate which, if not redeemable at the Sushi Factory West location, might be worthless.The quality of the food has never seemed to go down these past couple of years, but the place was NEVER really busy, even during peak times.  There's approximately 10 sushi places up and down Eastern between Anthem and the 215, so I'm guessing this place might have succumbed to the glut of competition in the area.  Let's hope not!
5	I love going here. Its across town for me at the moment but I go out of my way to visit especially when I have friends in town. Great sushi, great sake and a fun sushi bar! Keep it up
