5	I can dig it. Ate here Xmas day and wasn't expecting much but in fact it was reallGood. I enjoyed the rice a lot. I am a rice expert and this rice was excellent. I'll be back.
5	My family and I ate here yesterday and were very pleased! It's a small restaurant between Grabba Green and Rubios. There is a lot of foot traffic in the area so sitting on the patio gave us some good people watching. I ordered the gyro and my husband ordered Combo #1 with beef and chicken. It was delicious!!! The meat in my gyro was sooooo tender and flavorful. The sauce went very well with everything and the pita was nice and soft. I couldn't have asked for more. My husbands combo was also very delicious. All the meat was seasoned perfectly and the rice would be great all on its own. I am so pleased with this place I plan to go back today. I hope it stays around for a long time and that people in the area help support this small business.
5	Great place. Came in Friday for lunch. The owners were EXTREMELY polite. They gave me samples of hummus and garlic dip. I will be back weekly!
3	I went to Aladdin's for lunch and had the chicken shawarma plate and the baba ghanouj. The chicken was lovingly spiced and prepared by this smiling woman of ethnic decent. I enjoyed my plate: chicken, rice, some cucumbers, onions and tomatoes. The garlic sauce tied in everything nicely. The baba was pretty good- you can't go wrong with roasted eggplant dip. In an area with few ethnic places to choose from, Aladdin's was a nice change of pace. I hope they make it in there- the parking can be tricky as there are several places in that section of the center. I would come back again.
5	I'm so happy I discovered Aladdin! The food was great, and the people who helped me (I assume they're the owners) were extremely friendly. What more can you ask for? Might be my new favorite place to go when I'm feeling lazy, but want something quick and delicious to eat.
5	Found this place via Groupon and very happy with the $30 for $15 deal I purchased. This is right down the street from my house, almost right next to Twin Peaks, directly next to the Skeptical Chemist but never knew it was there. Very happy I tried it and will definitely visit on a regular basis now. Prices are great and the gyro meat was delicious. The falafel was outstanding too.Very clean inside with only a few tables inside but also a few tables outside. The staff/ owners were extremely friendly and nice, which made for a great first impression. I will be going back here a lot!
3	I chanced about this place quite accidentally and am glad to be able to add an additional place in the list of greek places to eat. I ordered the chicken shwarma plate and baba ghanoush. The food was well seasoned and cooked fresh in front of me. The helping size is decent but might seem slightly on the higher price range , given it looks like  a take out place . It may however be a while before I am back since I do not eat beef and chicken options are limited.
5	Delicious!!  I had the chicken shawarma plate.  The chicken was very tender and well spiced, and my husband said his gyro was the best he ever had.  We both cleaned the plate.  It is a small mom and pop place, very casual, great for lunch.  Other patrons praised the food while we were there.  We will be back frequently!!
3	Pretty decent food but very dry.  Both the gyro and falafel sandwich were small portioned but lacked any type of moisture.  Once I finish using my Groupons, I will not return though the person (owner) running the register was very pleasant.
2	Read all the good reviews so I figured I would try it out.  I have tried the gyro:  overcooked and not very good, the chicken shwarama:  just plain old stuff and not very good, and the jalapeno hummus which was average but the pita with it was like cardboard - thin and stale.  No way is this place even an average Greek/Mediterranean place.
4	Nice little Mediterranean spot in the neighborhood. Had the Gyros and fries both were excellent. Like the thin cut McDonald's style fries. Made fresh to order with fresh ingredients.
5	Just found this place, and so glad I did! Best chicken shawarma sandwich I've had in a very, very long time. Very authentic Eastern Mediterranean cuisine, so fresh tasting, healthy, and delicious. Great food at a very reasonable price. Check them out on Grub Hub for delivery around Airpark and North Scottsdale. Or stop in...you won't be disappointed!
4	The owner was changed several months ago. At first, I wished the owner did not change because the atmosphere of the restaurant got worse - it is hard to explain though. No customers during peak lunch time and the place was very quiet. Foods were(are) not bad, by the way. But it seems that the things have been improving these days, and we go there for lunch once or twice a month.
1	I ordered from this restuarant via Eat24.  I would never order from here again.  Delivery time was originally 60 mins.  The delivery driver actually showed up at my door 120 minutes later.  I put specific instructions on my order.  Apt # and Building #.  They also had my phone number. Still took that long.  Asked for no onions on anything, so they did get that correct.  The "greek" salad had no greek olives on it - had the canned sliced black olives on it.  No dressing on it or on the side.  The Gyro had literally no meat in it at all.  I asked and paid for 2 pita on the side.  I received 2 HALVES of 1 pita.  It wasnt even the same pita that the gyro goes it.  It was literally as hard as a rock.  The food came freezing and and gross.  Would never order from them again.
5	I tried almost everything on the menu.. Every thing is delicious specially the chicken shawarma and the rice is my favorite
4	I saw the place from the car wash and decided to take my dog over and have one of the chicken wraps.   They had outside seating, although limited, it was a very nice treat.  The gentleman I ordered from was patient and explained the different options based on what I was in the mood for.  I settled on the chicken wrap.  I like the fact that they brought the food out to me because I was sitting outside with the puppy.So the wrap (bread) and chicken tasted fresh.  The chicken had a nice zesty taste to it.  I really enjoyed the sauce, which was ranch dressing like, although it was runny and came out the bottom of the foil and got on my pants.  My fault, I am sure.I would say for the price it was a good fresh meal and I would go back.
