1	I lived in an apartment at Legacy Bungalows for an 8 month period in 2010/2011.  The apartments themselves are nice.  Our apartment was very large for a one bedroom and it had a nice open floor plan and high ceilings.  The grounds and pool area was always well maintained.  The location is convenient to downtown, once you walk past a few blocks of sketchiness.  The management was always very friendly and was quick to repair maintenance issues.  And to top it all off the rent was dirt cheap!So why would I not recommend the Legacy Bungalows?  Well that would be because of our fellow neighbors.  Many of the apartments are rented out as section 8/low income apartments, and it shows.  I should have been tipped off when I was signing my lease and I had to sign several documents saying I would not commit a crime or sell drugs in the apartment complex.  Some of the things I experienced while living there include being awoken at 6 am on a Sunday by someone trying to beat in my neighbors door with a baseball bat screaming, "I'm going to f-ing kill you b*tch!", people inside the dumpster rummaging through our trash several times a week, parking my car next to the most dumpy cars I've ever seen in my life, being asked several times if I "smoked" and if I wanted to buy some "weed", and having my door checked if it was unlocked by people who seem to be checking every door in the complex presumably to break in and steal things.  The door checking thing happens several times a week, making me paranoid that my door be locked at all times.  Until they stop renting to low income families and the surrounding area cleans up a little, I would avoid living here.
5	Living here now, have lived here for over a year now. Things are very different. Management staff is darling. Maintenance is on the ball. Neighbors issues have been dealt with. There is police patrol on site at night. Place is close to everything downtown. Love it, love it, love it. Get here... ahaa, oh and BTW i am not getting paid to say this.
5	Hey its ot Paradise but itll do! Front office is always helpful kool pool and hot tub, nice little gym! Nieghboors are you typical middle class people yes a lil Hood but so what! Lived here for two year now going on three maybe! = ] Very spacious by the way = ] ur lucky of you the ity view = ]
1	I lived in unit #1078 (which is in the north east corner of 13th Ave/ Van Buren) from April '11- May '13. Had it not been for my job being just 1 mile away, I would have chosen to stay else where. Paying $775 for a spacious 2x2 in down town is almost too good to be true. If your ok with the extreme noise pollution by walkers (the occassional drug user who likes to scream "F U N*ggers", the run aways, the homeless & the poor) or the heavy rail train just 6 streets west that blows its horn at exactly 11:31 every night (& doesn't ever miss a beat), the ambulances, fire truck & PD blaring their horns and of course the screeching of tires as they take turns too quickly, then this place is for you. Of course after a month or two, you just learn to block out the auto noise. Compared to it's surrounding areas, Legacy Bungalows is a beautiful place to live. The state park is next door and if you catch it just right during the day, there isn't too many homeless people camping out. In all fareness, PD does stay posted (most nights) @ the front of the office and he occasionally comes around checking door knobs and wonders thru the halls which gave me a false sense of security. I awoke to gun shots back in May of '12. Two gunmen were opening fire to someone on the north end of 13th Ave & were using my bedroom walls and balcony post as a shield. We picked up the bullets the next day and turned them in to the office to hopefully hand them over as evidence to PD even though we never did hear a cop car come by after we called 911 the night before. Things got progressively worse since. In October of '12 our unit was robbed between the hours of 8P-11P by a neighbor that lived in the back of the complex. We were 1 of 3 units that got hit that night. The front office was nice enough to offer another unit, but in a not so well lit area. And unfortunately we had just signed on to another 6 month lease so leaving all together wasn't an option. We learned to sleep w/ 1 eye open. Having people knock on our window in the early evenings only made us more observant. I have nothing but nice things to say of the professional staff @ the front office. My issues were always immediately taken care of & it was nothing ever really major. The grounds were always well manicured & parking was never a headache even though stalls weren't assigned. The pool area & gym was of a decent size & well kept. The business center and laundry room (even though all units came with full size washers and dryers) were a nice convenience. I don't recommend this place if you have another option. If safety is @ the utmost importance to you, then look else where.
3	Not really loving the new changes going on...
1	Moved out a While ago ... Got hit with $800 moving out fees. Terrible Management lived there 3 years the last year was the worst. Loved our first year there Managed by Christina. Would not recommend after all there changes and rules and fees.
