1	This place was nasty!  I ordered the BBQ Pulled Pork Sandwich ($7.49) it tasted like shit.  The onion rings were crappy too.  My friend ordered the Butterfly Shrimp ($11.99) it had no flavor.  The Ginger Ale was flat.  The service sucked.  The bill came out to be $23.57!  That cost way too much money for such shitty food.  Never again!
3	We stopped here on our first trip through the airport.  It was about 6am and they already had customers eating their breakfast.  So we joined the small crowd.  We got the basic breakfast (eggs, bacon, potatoes and toast).  It was good.  Service was very good, she kept on top of all her guest needs with a smile and cheerful words.
1	It there was something lower than one star, that's what I would have given this place.  The $10+ Chicken Caesar salad I got was not worth $2.00. The chicken was cooked at least 1 week B.C. and stored in a freezer until I made the mistake of ordering it.Only one word suffices to describe this place, plain NASTY.
1	I don't even have words to paint a clear enough picture of this awful restaurant. This restaurant was beyond HORRIBLE. We stumbled in here during a layover off an early morning flight. We didn't want to venture far from our gate, so this left us the choice of Bojangles Chicken and Biscuits and Stock Car Cafe. Riiight. Which would you choose?I ordered a cheese omelette with breakfast potatoes. What I received? I couldn't even tell you. Something bright yellow, greasy, flavorless and needing to be entered into a science experiment to ensure the preservatives it was full of weren't harmful. It's very possible the breakfast potatoes were freezer burned. Maybe even powdered eggs? I hardly believe they even used a kitchen. I bet it was microwaved. It looked what I imagine prison food would look like. Then I made the mistake of ordering "salsa", thinking it might help. Boy was I wrong. Thankfully, the bookstore next door had a Starbucks. I may not have survived the pot of motor oil  "coffee" they were serving.  The Charlotte-Douglas airport has some very sad options for dining. I know, because I looked. Unless you like fried, greasy, flavorless cardboard-- I highly suggest eating before arrival or packing snacks for your layover.
1	rating would be a -1. Went there yesterday during a layover at 9:00am. There were only 2 tables taken yet it took 10 to 15 minutes to be greeted by the server. The coffee tasted like maple syrup was added (nasty), a half an hour after placing the order, the server said... what did you guys order? I forgot to place it. Once breakfast was served, the eggs had a greenish tint to them (didn't taste like eggs), toast was not good and the order was wrong. The poor guy to our left had breakfat by himself but received a bill for $79. This place should be shut down!!!!!
4	For an airport tourist place, it was not bad at all. The service was very friendly and talkative. As I was here fresh off of a 5:10 flight I gave breakfast a shot. I was expecting the usual small airport-has-you-over-a-barrel portions but was happily surprised to get a full plate. If you are coming through the airport, give this place a shot. I think you will be happy you did.
4	05.17.11We land at Charlotte for a connection from Miami to San Francisco.  The plane was delayed 15 minutes.  Then 30.  Then an hour.  Then two.  Two turns to six.  I was unhappy.In rescues Karen from Stock Car Cafe, who reopened the bar for our flight so we can get through an otherwise six hours of nothingness.Caveat: this place isn't cheap by any standards.  A glass of wine (OK a double) will run you $15.  Multiply that by three.  Yep.Still, I can't thank Karen enough.
1	This has got to be one of the worst restaurants that I have ever experienced! I had a layover at the airport in Charlotte and thought it would be a handy place to grab a bite. First suggestion is to order some sort of liquor, as this seems to guarantee you prompt service and attention from the so called waitstaff. First of all, I sat at a table as instructed by the "seat yourself" sign and spent the next 10 minutes being ignored by the staff. Every single one of them walked past me, looked right at me and kept on going, including the young lady who was to be my waitress! EVENTUALLY she came over and took my order. Another 15 minutes went by and I finally received my food, that was hardly worth waiting for! The salad consisted of lettuce, chopped tomatoes with shredded carrots and cheese on top. The brisket sandwich was so dry the only way to get it down was to dip it in the watery au jus that was served with it. Even the pickle was limp and soggy! When time to came to get the check so I could get to my gate, it took 10 minutes of waving my waitress down with no luck and actually having to leave my table to go to get her, interrupting her chat with one of the other servers to get my check! I did notice though that those who were ordering drinks received much more attentive service! I do not know if this review will reach the management of this establishment (I hesitate to call it a restaurant!) sees these reviews, but if they did, it might help! In short, IT IS AWFUL!!!!
3	Stopped in here on my layover with about an hour to spare.  There are not a lot of options on Concourse B, so I stepped into this place ( in order to eat near my gate) Good service.  Nice waiter.  I ordered a sprite and a roast beef sandwich with fries.  I. Thought that the food was quite good and would have no problem stepping I here again on a layover.
2	Cool looking but Basic airport fare... And frankly to expensive. Find other options in the airport.cheersSteve
1	Quite possibly the worst airport food in my life.  Ordered the steak southwest salad, they brought me chuckie, when I got the steak it tasted just like the chuckie had. It was a weird pressed meat kind of texture.  Three other people in my patch also had to send things back.  Bid bad ass glass of wine was the salvation.  Service was chipper but hopeless.
1	WORST SERVICE EVER!  Walked in and saw the waitress cleaning off a table and asked if I could sit there.  She tells me that it's fine then walks off.  She never came back to wipe the table down or bring me a menu.  Another waitress walked by and I asked her if I could get a menu and she tells me that my waitress should bring me one.  Long story short...-- took forever for my table to be cleaned off and a menu brought to me-- took forever the waitress to return to take my order -- too almost forever for the food to come out-- the food was decent (pork sliders)-- the waitress never returned.  I had to walk around the restaurant to find someone so I could pay.Never ever coming back here!
3	Chance, the bartender, makes this airport bar feel like a bar in a busy city somewhere.  She's hard working, straight asks for ID no matter what, cocktails have a good pour of alcohol.  I'd come here again.
3	I had the Pace Car burger and it was good.  I had it within minutes of my order being put it - I swear they have retired pit crew workers back there.  However, the service to clear the table and give me my check left something to be desired.  I understood that my server was VERY busy, and I don't blame her, but they were understaffed and mgmt may need to reevaluate their scheduling.  Especially when they are serving people that need to catch a flight - if someone was waiting too long and heard their boarding starting, they might just leave...
1	This is a terrible place to eat.  They really have a captive market here at the airport and feel they can charge any amount of money for their junk.The service was slow and terrible and others got served quicker then we did who ordered after us.This was the worst steak sandwich i ever ate. Full of gristle and so touch i have to bite it and use my hands to pull the rest of the meat out of my mouth. i asked for medium, i dont know what they think is medium, any tougher and i could have soled my shoes with it.I complained and the waitress brought the manager over to humiliate me. long story short i got my money back, but too little too late when you have a plane to catch and no time to order anything else.
3	This was a quick dinner pit stop during work travel. So personal disclaimer - I totally misread the sign and name. I thought I was walking into Rock Star Cafe. Don't ask why! I'm sure you can imagine my confusion when from the first second I was overwhelmed with the excruciatingly obvious NASCAR paraphernalia. I asked a server why a Rock Star Cafe would have so much NASCAR stuff. He stared at me oddly and pointedly handed me a menu. My co-worker had a nice laugh over my mistake. Thank you ladies and gents I'll be here all week!So a few things, the food is not impressive but it's a better option than airport fast food. I ordered a bun-less veggie burger. It was not the best but certainly not the worst. Service is SUPER slow. We almost missed our boarding while waiting for the check to come out. Wait staff is mostly friendly but always looking frazzled. I didn't get that. They weren't that busy! My summarized assessment - Meh. Overwhelmed with the NASCAR shrine and underwhelmed with food. But then again that's work travel at it's finest!
3	I actually like this place, first because it's always closest to my gate when I travel to Dallas and secondly the food is always OK and the service is great.  This is one of the few places that you will find has plenty of wait staff available.  Some places like the resources to keep up.I had the buffalo chicken salad and I was not impressed.  Very simple salad and just not a lot of flavor and the chicken was obviously just warmed.  I don't really expect much in airport restaurants though.
4	This is a cool little bar inside the airport.  The staff is super friendly.  They have a decent beer selection.  I'm reading some people think their prices are too high.  I paid $9 for a beer but its was 22oz.  Not a bad price and you have to figure, they are paying premium lease space for having a cafe/bar in the airport that gets a lot of foot traffic.  I didn't eat here but if I ever go back to Charlotte, I would sip a brew here again.
4	I had a layover in Charlotte for about 3 hours, so my Girlfriend and I had some time to kill at the airport.  We felt like sitting down, so we stopped at Stock Car Cafe to have a look at their menu.  They offered pretty standard American fare, which was what we both were in the mood for so we grabbed a seat.The server we had was really nice and relatively quick, which would normally be a big plus in an airport.  I had the Buffalo Chicken Wrap with fries and my girlfriend got the mushroom swiss burger.  The wrap was excellent with plenty of buffalo sauce and ranch, which I really like.  The fries were also pretty good.  I tried my girlfriends burger and it was cooked a little more than I normally like, but that's probably safer.  They put a lot of toppings on it, so it had plenty of flavor.  All in all, I really enjoyed the food, as did my girlfriend.  The Stock Car Cafe looks pretty much like it sounds - lots of NASCAR everywhere.  Let's remember though, this is Carolina!  When I lived in NC, fantasy NASCAR was a big deal to the people I worked with, so I think they're trying to give out of towners a taste of a sport they love.  I can understand if you'd find it a bit overwhelming though.The bill for the both of us was $27 before tip, which when you think about it, isn't that terrible for a sit down restaurant at an airport.  There are quite a few mixed reviews on here, but if I regularly went through the Charlotte airport, I would probably find myself here again.
3	Stopped by here for dinner before a connecting flight to Nashville. No frills place. Ordered a buffalo chicken sandwich and it was alright. Pretty big portion and lots of blue cheese. Only downside was the fries which were cold and definitely not seasoned like it says on the menu. Service was friendly if not a lil absent. Would prolly eat here again.
2	Ah, the airport... not only has flying become more of a hassle throughout the years, but food places in the airport always seem to rub me the wrong way.  After taking belts, shoes, and jackets off and being body scanned, all you want is a relaxing beer right?  I was looking for a drink and some food before my delayed flight to Chicago and found this place in the B terminal of CLT Douglas.The server was super nice and I ordered a Bad Penny (Big Boss - Raleigh, NC).  It would have been my last "Carolina brew" before heading out to my destination.  Ordered a standard Fish & Chips to go along with my beer.It took a while for the food to come out, but unfortunately, it wasn't worth the wait.  The fish seemed it was of the breaded and frozen variety and the coleslaw side it came with had stringy mayo sauce on it.  I did not want to get sick so I left the coleslaw alone, but it seems like it was left under a heat-lamp too long.  The fries were much like the fish... came from a bag and frozen.  The whole dining experience was less than enjoyable and to top it all off the dish was $14!!  I can understand my frozen meal being below 10, but 14 should get me some freshness at least!  Anyways.. my bottled beer ended up being the price of a six pack so my total bill for this meal came out to about 25 bucks.  Yikes.Good thing you have a captive audience here.  I will stick to just drinking drafts... and maybe at another venue.
1	Terrible service at the bar!! Grabbing a quick drink during a layover turned into a bit of a production. Dirty glass, mixed up order and a lot of attitude from our server - Brian. Maybe it's because it was almost closing time (around 10 PM), or because the people working their just hate their jobs, but it seems like everyone who dared to make an order was getting a nasty attitude from the servers behind the bar.Avoiding this place is hard due to the lack of options, but I'd def not go there again.
5	Had the chicken quesadilla. Very delicious. It's lil spicy. And I heard the steak one is chewy. Also had the seafood bisque soup. Also tasty. Atmosphere fits the name of restaurant. Waitress was very friendly. Gave me good advice. Would eat here again .. Prices are reasonable for airport food.
2	I have been here several times and when I leave I vow I won't come back. Sadly I am a captive patron as the only thing this place has going for it is location. The servers are slow and inattentive. Not just mine but I see other patrons shaking their heads while trying to flag down the staff to get some attention. The food is plain but with the added bonus of airport pricing.
2	Who the hell serves orange juice with ice in it? This place...Let's see...the breakfast burrito was half the size of my fork...no kidding...and tasteless...the potatoes the burrito was served with were disgusting. Sour cream (for the potato skins) was brought to the table half frozen. The potato skins while half way edible weren't crispy or very flavorful. The cole slaw was excellent - but had the consistency of soup.Won't come back.
4	Great service. We had 15 mins... They got us in and out. Food not bad, ordered the chopped salad and a turkey sandwich. Will definitely be back.
5	I wasn't feeling well after getting off my late night flight. All I wanted was some toast to settle my stomach and the sweet staff accommodated. I had had the absolute WORST flying experience, being stuck in the Denver airport for over 12 hours then having to fly the 1am flight. They will never know what their kindness meant to me!
3	Worse service in Charlotte and Racist Ass old Waitress who only was short with me from the beginning ! Manager was nice and accompanying and professional unlike this OLD should have retired years ago waitress name I did not catch cause I asked for another. Food was good and the rest of staff was just this one lady who Did not change my feeling of Charlotte which I was here for a week were great!! This one lady unfortunately played my pre conceived notions of racist south but the rest of the great people I met in Charlotte were great. Too bad people like this lady still exist and reason why this place is getting only 3 stars !  Funny Thing is I tipped big to the 2nd waitress as I always do so at-least I could teach the racist with monetary loss
2	There weren't many options in this wing of Charlotte's airport, and we were starving, but had we read the reviews we would have skipped Stock Car Cafe. As others have noted, service was prompt and fine, but the food was so bland and boring for what you pay. I would rather have spent less for fast food and gotten the same quality for less.
5	Great food and awesome service! Would definatly recommend  to my friends! These people that gave bad reviews must be crazy. It's not a five star restaurant people.
1	Breakfast time? Don't do it. Don't eat here. Okay- here's why- I had a fairly long layover- but it took forever to bring me scrambled eggs and sausage. I had only one bite of the eggs. They were out of potatoes. I paid $14 for toast. My friend's eggs were cold and just as gross. Server was nice. I'd give it zero stars if that was an option.
3	Look - this place happens to be in a section of the airport that doesn't have a whole lot of selections to begin with and it is in an AIRPORT - you have to expect that it will not be fine dining. My server was Brice and Mr Brice was as good as a server gets! He was right there making sure I had everything and everything was to my liking. And for an airport restaurant most everything was what I expected. My chicken tenders were a bit over done, but I've had much worse - at least they had flavor and a bit of juice inside and the BBQ dipping sauce was probably out of a jar, but still tasty - probably the same stuff I use at home so I really cannot complain there. The french fries were not as hot as I would have liked, but they were not all that bad and it appears they use a good quality ketchup in a bottle and they don't give the customer 10 packs of crap to squeeze! The strawberry ice tea was actually perfect and though there wasn't much cole slaw it was good - could have been colder though.The place was clean, service was a little slow - had nothing to do with Brice though - I just mean it took awhile to get chicken tenders and fries. If you don't have at least an hour to eat - I'd either ask what can be served quickly or I'd go somewhere else, but that would only be due to time! The price was in line with Airport restaurants. However, I cannot go higher then 3 stars here because of the speed of service AND because for me - they need to turn the music down just a bit and perhaps offer more places to plus in!
4	I wanted to leave, but i met the waiter "Brice" He's the nicest most polite waiter I've had the fortune to meet. The food is average, but his service made me like it. I ended up staying 2 hours. Thank you Brice!
1	Disgusting place with disgusting service . I am a global traveller who has spent his time in 20 odd countries and 40+ different airports and this is the worst among all. It's a racist joint. I didn't want to rate even 1
3	For an airport restaurant, Stock Car is alright. You really don't have a ton of options in this area of the airport, especially if you want to sit somewhere to kill time and charge up your different electronic devices.After selecting a booth so that I could charge my laptop, I ordered buffalo wings and a cheeseburger (I was hungry, okay?). The service was pretty quick and friendly, and the food came out quickly.The wings weren't bad. The buffalo sauce was tangy enough, and while there were only six wings in my small order, it was enough for an appetizer.My burger was surprisingly tasty. The menu said that they could only cook it from well done to medium, but the beef was tasty, even though the patty was a little small.It's airport food, but it's not a bad choice if you need somewhere to hang out.
