5	During the Grand Prix weekend my father and I have found it very difficult to find quality food in Montreal.  We suspect that because of the crowds, normally excellent restaurants are churning out sub-par food for above average prices.  Primi Piatti bucks that trend.  Desperate for high quality food, we ventured away from the city center and explored the beautiful St. Lambert neighborhood.  After a few positive reviews on Yelp we decided to try Primi Piatti.  We did not have a reservation, nor, embarassingly, were we properly attired, however the host Pino took pity and seated us in the outside patio area.A quick review of the wine list revealed true taste and selection went into putting it together. While some wines that americans are accustomed to having inexpensively are a bit pricey due to import taxes, there are a number of excellent bottles under $50.  We selected the Cellar 8 Cab Sav. for $30.  The bottle was brought along with glasses proper to the wine.  A quick look around and I saw that every wine was being served in the glasses appropriate for that wine.  I also observed that most of the "newer" (2006 and up) vintage old world wines were poured through an aerator.  When our host Pino approached I mentioned my observations and he told us how he is a somolier and he ensures all of the staff is well versed by trying new wines every night.  Our waiters, Hubert and Pat, made very educated suggestions on their menu and were incredibly attentive and personable.  The ladies reading this will appreciate that every waiter in the house could model underwear as a side job. The food delivered to our table was amazing.  I had a wood oven fired pizza with prosciutto and arugula and my father had the prix fix menu which included a creamy vegetable soup, the filet mignon and dessert.  The filet was perfectly fired and the accompanying veg and mash were nicely done.  My pizza was easily the best pizza I have had since Italy.The food, wine and service was so exceptional that we returned there for dinner the following 2 nights, appropriately attired of course!I can't recommend this restaurant more highly.  Finally I would like to thank Hubert, Pat and Pino for being so warm and welcoming.  I look forward to meeting you again.
5	Outstanding Italian food. We had the risotto and it was hands down the best I ever had. It was on the Table d'Hote menu with vegetables, goat cheese and guinea fowl and it was just cooked to perfection. My friend had the half lobster on avocado with a saffron sauce, again tasty and spectacular. Even the foie gras au torchon beef tartar was to die for (I am usually not a fan of beef tartar, but there they do it really well). The food was tasty, the flavor of the few ingredients were showcase not hide under spices. The beef tartar especially was cut perfectly so you can really taste the meat and it was greatly seasoned. If you are looking for great food on the South shore, this is THE place to go.
4	Very good Italian restaurant, on the upper scale. The calamaris were awesome. Very classy and formal setting. Good place for a birthday dinner, if you can afford it. The menu is more on the "fancy" side, than on the rustic italian side. It is very good, but certainly not light. I would suggest it for a special night.
4	Had the salmon and calamari. Both were delicious. A little expensive, but definitely worth it.. all the servers were very nice as well.
