2	Our office has been going to this place for almost 2 years and we loved it. They have recently moved the location to Cactus and have adopted the "Chipotle " style of serving and scaled back the menu. We had it for the first time since the change and we wont be going back..ever. :( Very sad.
1	At the Tatum store the food/service were always good.  That is no longer true.  I wanted something light, so I ordered the lentil soup.  It was extremely watery with tons of salt, in fact I think it had more salt than lentils.  The lentils were not even cooked thoroughly.  It was so bad, I asked to exchange it and they refused.My dining companion had a rice bowl.  The rice was undercooked and barely warm.  She tried all of the sauces, and liked the curry, spinach, and vindaloo.  The masala was too sweet.
1	Loved the location on Tatum and shea but since they moved and adopted a new "chipotle" style concept it has completely gone down hill. The food is bland and sitting in containers for who knows how long. What a disappointment and I will not be going back or referring it to my friends.  Bring back the old restaurant and awesome cooks where everything tastes fresh and hot!
2	What a disappointment at Bombay Spice Grill tonight. We were fans of the full service restaurant that operated nearby, but the change to fast-casual misses the mark completely. I am going to assume that the restaurant group behind the treasured Roka Akor and Nobuo is no longer affiliated with Bombay Spice. What a change from the attentive servers and the well thought out menu, the hip decorations and carefully programmed music. The place has all the vibe of the DMV, with glaring CFL lighting and sparing decoration. This just opened and the walls had marks and the floor was worn in spots. The serving plates and utensils seemed to be of the lowest grade, while the napkins were just a little larger than a paper bar napkin and not as soft. The hot samosa melted the tines of the fork! We went there knowing that they made the change to the concept. I get the Chipotle - style ordering and was able to figure out what I wanted. I had chicken masala over rice, while the lady had the same with steak, plus veggies. We also ordered one naan and some samosas. We both found that the rice was old and dry and the meat overcooked. The naan was half a piece, cut in half. The samosas were dry and overcooked and weren't ready until we were about to leave. We were nickel and dimes for all these extras, including sauces. Bombay Spice, I will give you one more try in a month. If the food is better,I'll consider you an alternative to the sub shop next door. I'll order a $7.00 plate of food. You'll never sell me any go-alongs and I'll never bring a group of friends, as I did withe the old concept. You're not a cool wine bar with healthier Indian food, anymore. Also, don't eat outside. That parking lot has smelled like sewer since 1985.
1	My wife and I have what we call good "food-dar".  If we hate the look of a place, we usually avoid it, and the accompanying bad experiences.  Date Night at the old Bombay Spice was a tradition with their healthy menu, great atmosphere and excellent wines.  We tried out the new location with the expectation that we would be happy.  What a terrible disappointment.This review really breaks down into two categories:  what we think about the establishment as it is now, and how it compares to the old place (which was a solid 4-5 star rating).We walked in and were greeted by Ray, the head cook from the old Spice.  He has real skills, so we gave him a chance.   But alarm bells were going off.  The sauces had brown deposits around their edges in the warmer.  The meats had been there for a while.  We ordered masala with chicken, chickpea ceviche and some samosas.  Another guy was there, but not really helping.  Just standing around.  Ray explained that this was a "Chipotle-style" program now.  My immediate thought was that it was an affront to Chipotle to even compare.  Maybe theoretically.  "Chipotle-esque", perhaps.  Our food was slopped into some pretty nice take-out containers (we kept them, as they are washable), and we headed for the table.  The masala was awful.  If that sauce is not out of a can, then they should move up to canned sauce.  The rice and quinoa were dry.  The chicken was grainy and flaccid.  The samosas were starchy, spice-less and pulpy.  The chickpea ceviche had all the flavor of canned chickpeas.  No tamarind sauce was present.  We doctored up the masala with hot sauce to make it edible and took a few bites.  I looked at Val.  She glanced at the door.  Ray smiled at us.  We were trapped.  Please understand that if you give that chef good ingredients, he is a magician.  But if you cut your ingredient costs to the bone and buy garbage, that is what you will serve.  Pre-make everything, and it slips further downhill.  The veggies were clearly a heavily spiced food-service Vegetable Medley.  Is anyone in the Paradise Valley area looking for a talented chef?  Save him from this hell.  Please.  And let all the former Spice customers know so we can come to your place.  I said I would compare this to the old Bombay Spice.  But it's not worth it.  They are not at all the same thing.  There is no atmosphere.  No wine bar.  No lovely, caring servers.  But it costs pretty much the same.  Not.  Awesome.  It is like running into your high school girlfriend, the one who was the love of your young life, and she is a toothless meth addict trying to get a stolen ATM onto her bicycle.  That's how much I hurt for you, Bombay Spice.  Tough love time.  You have gone from being my favorite Indian place to the single worst Indian food I have ever eaten.  I have heaved out my guts in a hotel bathroom after eating better Indian food than this.  So I am cutting you off.  Don't call me.  Don't email.  I loved you so much that I can't see you like this.  Maybe some day I will see golden light pouring out of your windows and happy customers sitting at the bar, drinking great wine and eating fantastic food.  And I'll come in.  Maybe we will be friends again, but it will never be what it was.  Goodbye.
1	Hugely disappointing. Big fans & frequent customers of the Tatum/Shea location for years. This new concept is a bust. Small portions, limited food options, plastic ware everywhere. Sad to say - we won't be back.
1	I've been to the old location and loved it. When I saw that it was opening up a wee bit closer to my house, I was ecstatic! But that didn't last very long when I showed up and saw what the place had turned into... It's no longer a place I want to bring my friends to. It's a fast food joint now and it's quite disappointing. The last 2 times I was there, the meat and tofu was dried up and the quinoa as well... I think I would much rather go next door to Genghis Grill than eat dry Indian food that has been sitting out for who knows how long. Even the samosas were cold! I don't even want to order wine to pair my food in a plastic container... One cashier said they were going to change it up and go back to the old ways but I don't see that happening anytime soon... I'm gonna give the place one more try before I go looking for a new Indian restaurant.
1	It's with a heavy heart that I bring you this review of the once-beloved Bombay Spice. You're dead to me now. I was a huge fan and frequent diner at the old location. I loved bringing friends there and my husband and I enjoyed the Wednesday date night special on more than one occasion. Unfortunately, those are just memories. There is no way I would go here to enjoy a glass of wine and samosa or curry. This new location looks like a crappy diner and the "chipotle style" order line just misses the mark. The servers literally just dump food into the to-go containers and man the till.   The food quality and quantity has plummeted...not to mention the lost appeal of FRESH food. I have some friends who eat a vegan diet and they appreciated the ability to request modifications to their meals. Not such, any more.  The lentil soup was reminiscent of the old recipe but came with about three bites and was bland overall.  RIP, Bombay of Olde.
5	I think it's unfair to judge the new restaurant and the new concept by the old location.  The food in the new location is fast, fresh, healthy, the portion substantial (I'll eat my leftovers for tomorrow's lunch!)  and most importantly FLAVORFUL!  The chicken was truly grilled to perfection with wonderful spices blackening it a bit, the veggies, even though in a warming dish were crunchy, spiced (not spicy hot though) and cooked just right (chick peas, carrots, broccoli, and cauliflower) and all were fantastic and appropriate.What a wonderful alternative to Chipotle, burgers, pizza, fast food, and all of the sub chains in the area and certainly a LOT healthier, less expensive and quicker than Ghengis Khan next door.  Yasu's is the only other alternative for a  "good" lunch, everything else is just standard.  I had been to the old location once, several years ago, and while I LOVE Indian food, and thought there's was pretty good,  the environment was sterile, the food overpriced, and the sit-down experience awkward (say compared to an Indian buffet where you know what to expect or an upscale Scottsdale eatery of which the old location was neither).  I think this concept makes the flavors of India more accessible to the common man or those intimated by an Indian buffet or a more "Persian" style sit-down place who might otherwise be intimated.I REALLY encourage anyone wanting something fast, fresh, healthy and a little different to try this place and I hope it stays around giving us PV/Phoenix/Scottsdale folks a VERY nice, affordable, tasty alternative to pizza, burgers and subs.Only suggestions are:  1.  The menu board needs descriptions of the flavors to help the intimidated.  What kind of curry is it?  Red, Yellow, etc...  What does Marsala taste like or what is it made of.  What the heck is "Vindaloo" any ways?  Also, why no Tikka?  that should be standard or maybe I missed it.2.  I like SPICY.  Please, let each of the dishes be "spiced" up to taste, kind of like traditional Thai fair (1 = mild, 3= medium and 5=extremely hot)  3.  I agree with the one "don't nickel & dime me to death" comment.  At least sell me a "combo" where the bowl comes with Naan bread (who eats Indian food WITHOUT Naan bread?!) or the wrap comes with a Samosa or a drink or an optional side of rice.4.  Don't forget to put a fork and napkin in my "to go" bag or mention it, just in case I forget like I did today!!!
3	Such a bummer! Turned a nice restaurant with delicious food into a fast food joint with mediocre food. Booooo!
2	I never went to the original location, and frankly don't know what all the crybabying is about; you can see what this place "has become" as the full restaurant is viewable from the entirely-windowed front of the place. Anyway, this place is kinda lame and possibly misleading; it urges you to "Think healthy!" with that phrase plastered on the windows in a very obnoxious repeating/subliminal pattern, but this is some of the most greasy Indian food I've ever had. I don't get why the spinach sauce has to be so oily; maybe it makes sense for masala as it uses butter or cream or something, but  I felt like they just went nuts with the oils in the sauce. Seems to me that adds a lot more calories than what they post.The TV plays this hilarious but demeaning Indian TV channel that shows Indian gangster rappers or something. It's wild and probably off-putting to the high-brow folks who have given this place a bad review based on its past incarnation. I just think it's stupid and silly, not sure what the owner's thinking.Despite the hoity toity crowd's whining, they are right about one thing: This place is fastfoodish. Looks like all the fixins come from a bag, and it's like a hospital cafeteria. Sure am glad my entree was free with some card I got to try the place; anyone who pays for this is a sucker!
5	Great food, reasonably priced and large portions. I like the wide assortment of grilled veggies as well as the addition of tofu as a protein option. Choose a base (quinoa, brown or basmati rice), a protein (beef, chicken, tofu), choose your veggies and a sauce -- or as I like to do it, a blend of sauces. Having brought multiple friends here as first timers, I have gotten nothing but excellent responses from them. I appreciate the vegetarian and vegan options and my friends enjoy the beef and chicken options. Everything has been tasty tasty tasty!I was a fan of the old Bombay and continue to be a fan - probably because I come for the food, not the atmosphere. While hesitant about the change at first, I now enjoy the flexibility that this style of restaurant provides. For those who only came when it first opened, some things have changed - including the assortment of available vegetables. As a vegan diner, I was a little concerned about my options. However, I think they've done a good job of adapting to a changing market as well as the input of their loyal customers. Now, if I could just get them to bring the Korma sauce back. : )
5	Something that caught my eye immediately that seemed pretty odd but pretty cool was the chef was walking around to peoples tables and asking them how their meal was. He was also offering free samples of the lemonade and the chai. That's generally not what I expect when I go to a place like that. That gets points in my book...I've been to a lot of Indian food restaurants all over US and this is definitely one of the good ones. I've also spent a lot of time eating fresh homemade Indian food so I'm a bit if a snob and always a bit skeptical anytime I step foot in a new Indian restaurant. Long story somewhat short, I tried a lot of what they had on the menu because I wanted to know how everything taste. I realized before I ordered that this Indian food is intended to be a more healthy style of Indian food so I wasn't sure what to think. Once I Dug in I could definitely tell that it was a lighter style of Indian food, still had all the great flavors but it wasn't has heavy as the Indian food I normally eat is. All the sauces were awesome. All the veggies were really fresh. The style and the way you order is pretty cool because you can see everything right in front of your face and mix and match with your dish. I can't really think of anything bad to say about the place, I did like some sauces more than others but nothing was bad. I def plan to stop in more often. THE LONGER STORY for ya readers out there.... The Vindaloo was really awesome. Perfect amount of spiciness to it and def a must have for next time. The curry was probably my favorite. It was really really good, I could mix that with just about anything at home. Not oily, not to much flavoring. I'd love to buy a jug of it and smother some wings. The masala was also really good and I def didn't leave any behind. The mint chutney was really cool. It was zesty and next time I go back I'm gonna get a wrap and have a bunch draped over my chicken. The tamarind chutney was nice because it wasn't too thick and sugary. It was a nice little addition over my rice. I tried all the meats and they were definitely good. I favored the chicken and tofu over the beef but it was still good. I'm not really a tofu kind of guy but it was definitely good to have in the bowl. It was kind of like having chunks of pineer. The Mango Lassie was aw aw awesome!  I've never really had one that I didn't like though but some have been to thin for my likings. The manager asked me if I wanted to sample the chai and the lemonade so I did. I've never thought I'd get so excited about lemonade but that lemonade was absolutely awesome, I'd like to make some good cocktails with it. If it was on the shelf in the grocery store I probably buy it once a week. The chai was also really really good, I've always loved cardamom and that chai was packed full of it. It definitely didn't taste like anything else I've ever had. I liked how it was cold too. There was also a hot sauce that they gave to me on my plate and it definitely has some Kick but it's got really good flavor too.  It was perfect because most of their sauces are pretty mild but I like some heat added so it worked out well. All in all, I'll definitely go back. It's nice to find a place that isn't the same as everyone else. One cool thing I noticed, I didn't feel really weighed down after I finished. A lot of the time after eating Indian food, I'm ready for bed. The staff was cool and friendly and the place was super clean! Definitely check them out. If the place is busy and the bald chef isn't walking around offering samples, ask him for one. I'm sure he'll give em to you.
4	New location New format old name. Indian food is often relegated to lunch buffets and white table cloth dinners.  BSG offers a new take on how Indian can be done.The build to order layout is familiar for anyone who likes burritos.  Pick a bowl or wrap, rice type, protein type, veggies and sauce and avid the pricey extras.  A meal can be had for ~$7-8I Had brown rice, tofu, all of the veggies with a truly spicy vindaloo sauce. This is not the best Indian by far as your protein and veggies do not simmer in the sauce, not is any one part of major note. The real reason for a decent score here is the ability to get some good flavors quickly and at a decent value.
4	Really 3 and a half, but the guys here were nice.  Decent sauces, veggies,  lassi, great lemonade.  So so chicken.  I'd prefer a buffet for this money.
5	We used to frequent Bombay Spice when they were located at Shea/Tatum and always enjoyed our dining experience, We even ordered from them using Delicious Deliveries on a regular basis. Now since they have moved they changed the way they serve their food and we love it. The service was always great and that has not changed. They brought back the Bhel Puri and made it more of a fast food setting. We look forward to even more visits to enjoy their GREAT food.
4	Not the same level of food as it's old location. This new style reminds me of Chipotle, except not as great. I've been there twice and each time I've been a little unenthusiastic about the presentation, but the taste is still great! For me, it's plenty of food. Others may think differently.
4	We never went to Shea, and this is our first visit here. I was surprised it is like a fast food place, I am kind of naive that way... : PSo ordering and getting your food seems to be fast, and the employees were very helpful and friendly. I had a coupon and they were very patient explaining the terms to me.We got 2 bowls, one drink, one naan and one order of the crispy chip like stuff (pappadum?)... total was $21.Food itself is like 3 stars, I was not that crazy about it. But I bumped it to 4 for these reasons:*Service was good*They had the following options: Basmati rice, brown rice and quinoa (kudos for the quinoa)*Aaaaand... the vindaloo sauce is in fact hot/spicy... which is a great thing for us.*Tamarind chutney was delicious.
4	Very good food. I liked the curry but I think the masala is better. I would def get a side of naan and veggie samosa. The two guys working were very friendly.
5	Ok, so the old Bombay Spice was one of my favorite restaurants....and then they moved and their reviews here weren't great.  So I stayed away.  But recently I noticed their reviews improved.  So today myself and a friend went for lunch and I am happy to say that Bombay Spice is once again one of my favorites!Their menu has switched to a more Chipotle like way of service and a couple of my old favorites weren't on the new menu.  But I asked about them and was told they could make them for me.  I ordered one of those favorites and a wrap from the new menu.  My old favorite, the Chickpea Ceviche, was as good as I remember.  So fresh tasting, light and comparable to nothing else.  Just great for what it is!The wrap I had was gigantic enough for two meals and also really delicious.My friend had a bowl with chicken, rice, veggies and the vindaloo sauce.  She loved it.  It is a very spicy sauce but not spicy just for the sake of being spicy.  It was spicy but flavorful.  She thanked me for introducing her to Bombay Spice and we will definitely go back.As it was before, it is also a good value.  Gigantic wrap was $7, i think and WAY more than I could eat for one meal.Service was also good and everything appeared clean and tidy.
4	This is a great place to get something different for lunch or a quick dinner.  I love the chicken masala wrap.  As the other reviewers have said, it is a "Chipotle" type setup, as in, you choose your rice, your protein, veggies, and sauce.  It's really an excellent wrap.  I also love the Bombay spice iced tea - yum!  I can't believe people are sitting next door eating a bland Jimmy Johns sandwich when they could be having one of these exotic concoctions.  I am really sad people are giving this place bad reviews, but I never went to the original location, so I'm not sure what they are comparing it to.  If you are coming in looking for a traditional Indian restaurant, that is not what this is, so set your expectations accordingly.
4	Read the mixed reviews and decided to try it out. I had the chicken vindaloo brown rice bowl. It was pretty good and definitely very spicy. The naan was great too.
1	I miss the old location. They tried to make it Indian Chipotle now and the food just isn't the same quality. It's really a shame. My boyfriend and I used to love the old one as a date spot and it's gone forever. :(
2	I wish they would bring back their traditional restaurant style of service like they had in their old location.  This has gone way down hill since moving to this location.  The food they offer is decent but nothing like they used to serve. The menu has been scaled down tremendously.  Please bring back the original Bombay Spice!!
2	I love Indian food, yet I'd never heard of Bombay Spice when they were in their original locations just a mile away from where they move to several months ago.  A friend notice their new locations so we went.  The majority of the photos I'd reviewed on Yelp are not from this new location.  The former place was more upscale in atmosphere whereas the new place is more of a fast food type place where you go up and order your food (not necessarily a bad thing).  The owner/chief brought us our food because it was taking them just a little time to get things ready and he was extremely friendly and sat with us for awhile.  The idea of and inexpensive fast Indian restaurant is a good one.  They changed their formula from their former location he told us.  They have another new place with this same formula they just opened in downtown Chicago.  They give very large portions.  I ate only half of mine and took the rest home for the next day.  Prices are very reasonable.  However when comparing taste to other Indian restaurants (almost all more expensive) in the valley they don't measure up. I'd go back here, but if I wanted good tasting Indian food I'd go elsewhere.  I will give them another try at some point.  Great owner, staff, large portions, supposedly healthy and inexpensive.  A nice combination.  But when I want Indian food, I want good taste.
5	As others have said, this is a Chipotle style Indian restaurant.It tastes good (I wouldn't classify it as one of the best in terms of taste), its quick, its not very greasy. The portions are huge - enough for at least 2 meals for me. It is one of my favorite take-out places in the area.Many fans of its earlier incarnation (fine dining?) seem to have rated it low because they miss the old format! I think the new one deserves to be rated on its own merits!
