3	It's a KFC. It does whatever any other KFC can do. All I can say about this one is be careful going here on a Friday night because people are buying food for their families and sometimes the line gets long and it might be a 20 minute wait to get your  bucket of chicken.
1	I guess I can't write a stellar review of KFC since I really actually don't like KFC in general. Honestly I'm pretty sure their chicken is some mutated, deformed chicken raised to be torn apart and shoved in buckets.However, my family loves KFC and I am subjected to it. I'm not against eating it, I just wouldn't do it without having someone else purchase it for me. Their chicken is meh, mac and cheese meh, coleslaw okay, and they really are lacking in their sides department. Is it just me or did they used to have more variety? I believe the last time I was there you could actually select a salad as a side, but apparently that is no longer an option.The only thing I like at KFC is the mashed potatoes and gravy. Don't know why, but something about the salty balance really gets me.This KFC is pretty well taken care of, service tends to be mediocre, but nice. It can get busy at dinner time for sure. Today we went there and my mother swore up and down she saw an advertisement for a special KFC was offering on TV and asked for that special. This particular store would not honor it, so I'm not sure what that's about.In conclusion - no thanks KFC! I'll get my fried chicken fix elsewhere!
3	It was the first time I ever came to this location, and not gonna lie, it smelled like sewer! Bad day, perhaps? But oh well, it's KFC and I love me some fried chicken.
1	The only constant to this location is that they can only be counted on to screw up your order. The staff will forget parts of your order or not give you honey packets when you ask for them or their being a very long wait despite being the only customer there. Bottom line this location can and will screw up your order every chance they get. Go to a different location.
3	I love KFC but like someone mention it sinks as soon as you park I front of this location. It kinda kills your appetite. And to top it off I feel like they lack in customers service. They don't greet you when you come in to let you know they at least know you standing there waiting while they are I. The back or the drive through. The chicken is good. And they do keep the tables clear if trash. They just need to work on customer service a little harder.
4	I'm not a huge KFC fan, but I heard about their chicken pot pies and had to try them out for myself. We asked for three pies, but they only had two pies ready to sell, the next pies would have been ready 19 minutes later. When I got my pie, I could see why. I was expecting a tiny, microwaveable pie, but what I got was much better! This was definitely a hearty meal. The pie had lots of yummy crust on the outside and a wealth of chicken, carrots, peas, and potatoes inside. It was delicious. And I believe it was only $3.99, with a drink included! I will definitely be revisiting KFC for these pies, especially.
