2	Ordered the #1 right before close: mustard, chili, cheese, and onions.Dog was out quick, service was friendly, but product was sub-par: small dog looked boiled and old, not at all visually appealing. Taste did not seem to include any mustard per the order board, but the chili was actually really good. Onions were weird, almost shredded to death instead of chopped. Bun fell apart halfway through eating.This isn't the best food court I've come across, but there are better options here instead of this joint.
5	I love hot dogs and this place satisfied my craving! Customer service is great, the owner came out and was super nice. Chili is made daily,  fresh buns and an all beef hot dog (with the alllll important snap!) you can't go wrong =) I had the Capone with chili cheese fries, it was deLish but maybe next time I'll try something different,  the owner was great with recommendations. Good prices as well! Yup I'll be back
5	First off let me say the owner is super, super nice. She is passionate about what she does and it comes across in her food! Coney Island was at the Meadows Mall but the owner informed us that they recently moved. Wishing them success because the food is definitely enough to keep me going back! Oh her chili is awesome!
5	Hands down, the best hot dog I've had in Las Vegas! I love Sabretts...it's what I look forward to eating when I go to New York. I actually think this was even better than those "dirty water dogs" in NYC! The lady working there was super friendly and really cares about the customers. This was my first visit, but I will definitely be back! Just wish it was a bit closer to home, but it's worth the drive!
1	Hotdog was green and tasted spoiled.  Kinish was soggy.   Why prepare the hot dog in a toaster oven?Tried to return it and the person told me no refunds. So I was out $8.  I even told the person I was going to post a negative review on Yelp.  Didn't phase him at all.  I wound up buying a second lunch at the Chinese gourmet express next door which was better.The whole way this was prepared was gruesome..Avoid.   Consider yourself warned.
5	Very best, had this back in the midwest.  Vinny boy slider and cyclone with everything is what i order every time.
