3	I think about this place and am reminded of being almost 17 and discussing the all important prom details here. If you like your ribs with a healthy serving of strip mall cheesy goodness on the side, this is your spot. Look no further!
4	4 stars for the onion rings alone.
1	"Famous For Ribs"  Famous for what?  These were the worst ribs I have ever had!  The meat was dry and chewy.  They were also very thin.  I had the dirty rice which was ok.  The mac and cheese was tasty.  The staff was friendly.  With Memphis BBQ in town, I have no reason to return to Tony Roma's.
2	I'm normally not the chain restaurant type, but plans changed and here I am.Service was typical nothing extraordinary but nothing too great either.Food was bland, chicken was dry, and I don't think I got half my plate down. Should have known better than to order pasta at a place that specializes in "ribs, seafood, and chops"Someone please shoot me if I ever find myself at this place again.
1	this place sucks... food was low quality and really bad service..the McDonalds next door would probably satisfy your needs better than this place.
3	Not as bad as what others said about this place. The service was slow but she was very nice. Food was not bad but not great
3	It's a chain.That is all.
2	I had Christmas Eve dinner here with my parents. I'm not a huge fan of chains, but that's where my dad wanted to go.Both of my parents ordered the soup of the day which was lobster bisque. I tried a bite and it was decent, kind of rich.  3/5My dad ordered a full rack of baby back ribs. They were very, very tender and good. I wasn't in the mood for ribs, but after I tried his I wished I'd ordered the ribs. 4/5For sides my dad had cole slaw (fine 3/5) and ranch beans (kinda sweet, okay 2.5/5).I had the salmon and shrimp picatta. It okay, but I wouldn't order it again. I didn't care for how the salmon was prepared and the sauce wasn't very flavorful. 2/5For sides I had rice pilaf (good, nothing special 3/5) and creamed spinach (would not order again, didn't taste good and a major disappointment since it was listed as a "premium side" 1/5).My mom ordered the fillet medallions with bleu cheese and wild mushroom topping. They were fine but certainly nothing to get excited about. 2/5She had the loaded mashed potatoes. They were pretty good and were the best of the sides that we tried. 3.5/5The service was not great (2/5). The waitress was overly chatty and seemed kind of flustered or something. Also, she kept fanning herself when she took our order and told us she was having hot flashes, which I didn't really need to know. Overall, 2.5/5.  The only thing that was really good was the ribs. Of course, that's what they're known for. Definitely recommend getting the ribs if you go here. Everything else, meh.
4	What?! Kids eat free on tuesdays, all day? Sweetness!
1	Food was decent , but the wait staff was extremely unprofessional as well as slow. Which is weird considering there was only 4 customers total in the restaurant and nearly 12 wait staff.   It took nearly 20 minutes to receive our drinks ( should have been a warning sign ).   We will probably never return.   This Tony Romas was nothing like the California ones im used to.
4	Enjoyed a nice chicken panini! T had a calamari caesar salad she said it was good except for the sauce.  Kids eat free on tuesdays was a very nice bonus!
2	Food was okay, service was fine.. but got serious diarrhea shortly after leaving there (both of us did)... same thing happened last time we were there also.  The first time I wrote it off as a fluke, could have caught that bug elsewhere.. but two times?  Health Department is failing us here, and so is Tony Roma's.
3	This is my third or perhaps fourth Tony Roma's restaurants that I have been to around the world. It was way less crowded than the Bangkok location. Lighting seems brighter than the one in Fremont, CA, and I can't recall at all the location(s) of the other chain outposts I have been to.The menu still have some of the regular old school items, but it has definitely been revamped in the last 6-8 years since I ate at a Tony Roma's. The Steak & Wild Mushroom Flatbread in the appetizer section and the Basil Pesto Mahi Mahi & Vegetable Linguine in the pasta section both look really good, which I have to try next time.But here's my review on what I ordered for dinner on this visit:I was craving the Original Back Ribs with the TR's Original BBQ Sauce, which came with cole slaw and I opted for the loaded mashed potato as the other side item.  It came out of the kitchen before I could finished reading a page out of a book I brought with me.  Was told it was because they were slow.  So who knows how long it has been waiting in the kitchen to be served.  The full slab of ribs looks kind of small, it didn't even cover the length of the oval plate, and I knew I would have to order more food.  The flavor was good, but the ribs didn't match my fond memories of it.  Ellis Island's ribs is definitely the way to go for me while I am in Vegas.  (ribs 2.5-3 stars)Ordered a Chopped Wedge Salad after the ribs arrived, and as simple as it was, it was a highlight of the dining experience (the rice pilaf was the other - crazy! I know).  (4 stars!)From the Seafood section I ordered the Norwegian Salmon Pan Seared with Sesame Crust and finished with Thai Sweet Chili Sauce. It was served with great rice pilaf and steamed broccoli.  The fish was prepared well, but it would have been better if it was not cooked all the way through.  (3 stars) The best part of this item is your ability to customize your salmon or mahi mahi and the cooking method and finishing options.Service was friendly, and attentive.  There were only 3 tables my waiter was responsible for, and only 2 at the most were in the restaurant at the same time, so it wasn't hard to check up on the guests and bring refills.They also have a full bar, but I didn't order anything interesting from them.Ambiance/Decor: 3/5  Had some pictures and such as wall decoration, the lighting at the booth were fairly bright which I like for taking food pictures, and music playing in the background.  Nice feel but nothing special.Service:  4/5  Pleasant.Food:  3/5  Portion is noticeably smaller with the ribs, flavor still the same, but the salad was refreshing and tasty.Price:  3/5  Comparable to other casual dining competitions, and has options that will meet the needs of those on a modest budget (under $15/person) and others that can slightly splurge a little more.During lunch they have the 7 for $7 promotion, and their happy hours are from 3pm to 7pm and also from 9pm to close.Location:  West.  Not at all close to the Strip, so it is for locals.Parking:  Plenty to select from, as it is in a large strip mall complex with several large national retailers such as Best Buy.3 stars!  But the ribs will no longer be the reason for my future visits.
4	Great food and service but a little expensive. I love the ribs here which are delicious. To make things better they have a perfect margarita which is amazing, PLUS lobster bisque on Fridays which is very good. The employees here are all very friendly including the hostess, bartender, and servers. Combine all that great food with great service and you have a great restaurant. The only reason I couldn't give 5 stars is because its a little on the pricey side. Basically this location deserves 5 stars but I had to deduct a star because of the corporate decisions about pricing.
3	Tony Roma's used to be one of my favorite spots as a teenager. Oh nostalgia...Where has the time gone? Unfortunately, a lot has changed for this restaurant since then, specifically now with their raised prices and smaller portions. Oh and can I mention that they don't offer the 4 different bbq sauces on the tables anymore? Just more of an inconvenience to have to ask the servers for it. I guess they're really trying to save costs, huh?I came here last night and ordered the full slab of baby back ribs with a side of baked potato and rice (It's the only item that I order every time I dine here). Their baby back ribs glazed with their bbq sauce are freakin good and has always been freakin good. The ribs are so tender and juicy. However, I feel like their portions have been gradually decreasing over the years. And I'm confident to say that two full slabs today would make up a full slab back in the day along with cheaper prices. Sadly, due to a lot of their changes, I think they lost a lot of business. However, if I'm really craving baby back ribs which isn't very often these days, I will most likely end up coming back here.
5	My wife and I LOVE Tony Roma's, always have. We used to live in Seattle and they all closed down there a few years ago. We just moved to LV and we so happy to see they are still around. Love the pulled pork sandwiches, ribs, and chicken strips! Never had a bad thing there. The best sauce is the Blue Ridge Smokies. Ask for it you won't be sorry! Also my wife loves their honey mustard on just about everything. :-) Enjoy!
4	You can't go wrong with any of the steak options. their meat is always bevy juicy and tender. their potato soup is great
3	we went there for lunch and they have a pretty nice lunch menu. i had their steakhouse burger and it was pretty tasty! would definitely go again because the price was definitely right.
2	Received a free birthday coupon, they are cutting down.  It used to be "one free entree", now it was up to $15 (what can you get for that?)  Last time we were here in June, I fell over their sign and had to eat with my leg elevated and swollen.     I had ordered rib steak which  was $23 and came practically blue.   When it was served again, it looked totally different and over cooked.   However, it WAS rib steak.    We went back on 2/15 and were seated immediately.    The server "hovered"  I hate that!I knew what I wanted to order, but it was annoying.     My husband wanted the short ribs because he likes it and it  is very soft.  $17 and NO SALAD or SOUP goes with it.To me,  anything over $15 should come with that.   Their spareribs were over $21 and also do not come with soup or salad.     I make better spareribs as the one time I ordered it when it came for a 1/2 rack special it was overcooked and dry.We went a few times last year and the 3 filet medallions were good at $19, but after going to Roy Yamaguchis and having a filet, this doesn't even compare!    Roy;s was GREAT.   Of course we didn't pay for it, we went to a "finance seminar".To get back to Tony Roma's this time, I ordered the rib steak, now $25.   Seriously, I took one look at it and it did not LOOK at all like a rib Isteak, even one without a bone. I asked the server to call over the manager, and she looked at the steak which I had only cut into one slice and said "That is a rib steak"    Well, it didn't taste or look like a rib steak.  At least not one cut from the center of a prime rib.   It tasted more like  a strip steak or  sirloin and was extremely firm.     The prime rib at the Suncoast buffet was ten times better and they cut it to order.   We pay $9.99 there.Well, I ate the steak and gave half to my husband, but wrote to Tony Roma's corporate office.       I am waiting for a reply from their Operations Manager.I am not sure if I will return there for steak anyway.    Maybe the filets.    We went to Outback and a few weeks ago had the exact same experience with the rib steak.   It was definitely NOT a rib steak.  The manager came over, apologized and picked out one personally and when I ate it , it was definitely  RIB steak.     Next time I am going to Austin's at the Texas Station.  For $5 more I can get a great steak and it comes with soup or salad and a vegetable.
4	Haven't been here in a few years, and still pretty good! Prices were a bit much from what I remember, and there wasn't much to choose from on the menu.I ordered some short ribs, being the classy bitch I am. I got some big ball of meat smothered in peppers which was fuckin delish. And only 17 dollars. I recommend that to anyone who goes to this place, it's the best. It wasn't till I was halfway through this juicy rib slab that I remembered I was a vegan. Oops. So much for that new years resolution.The staff is super friendly and even engaged in some interesting conversation with us, since it was pretty late and the place was practically empty.My only complaint is that they put bacon on the mashed potatoes. Potatoes are the food of gods but I HATE BACON STRIPS AND BACON STRIPS
4	The food was good but some problem in the kitchen slowed down the service. They were nice and  comped our apps and made sure the rest of our meal went well.
1	Don't buy from here. The ribs are close to being meatless. We had ordered take out. St.Louis ribs and baby back Ala Carte.  And had to order pizza to fulfill our hunger.
1	WTF Tony?  Seriously, I used to love this place!  On a recent visit here, my ribs were dry, boney, and had very little meat.  No more deliciously flavored sauces at the table.  You get one "coaster" dish containing about half an ounce of sauce...I asked for 4.  Who doesn't love sauce with their ribs?  Their Hefeweizen beer is also WAY over priced.  Service was average, at best.
2	Not really busy tonight yet it has already taken half an hour since we ordered, still no food!  Server just came by and apologized which doesn't help my starving children!  Management came by and as I asked for a check for drinks and appetizer she promised food would be out in less than two minutes.  Food came out immediately, restaurant comped our meal and continuously checked to make sure everything was good.  Started our bad, but they saved it.  Food wasn't the greatest, but we will give them another try.
2	Last chance and not good.  It's our oldest son's 13th birthday and he loves ribs so we figured we'd give it another try.  My wife got the Memphis burger, she was not asked how she would like it cooked and they brought it out rare!  I ordered the pulled pork sandwich and it was quite dry.  Not very appetizing.  I'm no expert but most other pulled pork sandwiches the meat is simmered in the sauce, this one they plopped the meat down and then put the sauce on top like Arby's would do on their sandwiches.  Management once again was on top of things to take care of the problems and corrected the problems.
1	Brought the family here last night after not visiting a Tony Roma's in about 2 yrs. Decided to give it another try. Not very crowded. ***Our waitress was great; very attentive. We all ordered different varities of meals.Husband: Chicken Alfredo Pasta. Cheese smelled really rotten. He said his meal was not good at all.Daughter: Chicken salad, she said this was the only salad that she's ever had that tasted weird. (Not sure if I should count her opinion) lolSon: Kid's ribs. He liked themMe: Ordered Chicken with Pineapple salsa. Sweet mashed potatoes & broccoli. There is really something to be said if the broccoli is the best thing on your plate. My food was not good. The pineapple salsa & the sweet mashed tasted like dish detergent...No exaggeration! The sweet mashed looked old & dry. Not edible looking at all. My son passed his up at first sight. My husband tasted it and agreed with me.Also had the Sangria: Tasted flat. Very flat! Overall, I feel like I was robbed of $60 + dollars. We will definetly NOT be returning...Ever!!!
4	The food was good and the service was excellent! Our server, Susan, was very attentive and friendly.  We've eaten here before and have always had excellent service.
4	Went with the wife for lunch on Thursday, not crowded at all.  The waitress, Nina, was very prompt, courteous and professional.  Had the Kickin' Shrimp starter and it was very good, the presentation might be a bit overboard.  I had the 3 filet meal, all were done to perfection, as ordered, and the sauces were nice.  Overall a very good experience, just short of outstanding.
5	Absolutely fantastic. This is my fist time at this restaurant and Heath my server was completely amazing. Fun, friendly, and very attentive. I would come back here for the filet mignon. The best I had in years.
2	I had the St. Louis Style ribs and I was completely disappointed. It was dry and tough with little or no sauce. It's not the same from when I had it years ago when I was a kid wherein the meat would just fall off the bone. Tony Romas is not for me anymore. Famous Dave's wins by a landslide.
