2	Along Wilkinson Boulevard there are a couple of these old drive-in restaurants left.  The Bar-B-Q King serves a large variety of food, but everyone seems to come for (surprise) the barbecue, hamburgers and hot dogs.The onion rings are served in a heaping pile as well, and it's one of the few places you can get a Cherry Lemon Sun Drop where they actually add the cherry and lemon to the Sun Drop rather than pour it from premix.
3	I saw Bar-B-Q King on Guy Fieri's Food Network show, "Diners, Drive-ins and Dives", awhile back, so I thought I'd check it out for lunch.I got the 1/4 barbecue chicken plate, which included fries, cole slaw, and "dinner bread" (AKA "hamburger bun").  The barbecue chicken was featured on the show because of the unique way that it's prepared - fried and then dipped in barbecue sauce.  The chicken was pretty good.  But that was the only highlight of the trip.  Nothing was terrible, but everything except the chicken was below average, even for a drive-in.To Bar-B-Q King's credit, everyone should try the barbecue chicken once.  If I get a hankering for it, I'll stop in again.  Until then, I'll leave the king to his royal responsibilities.ps  If you want a throwback to the early days of the Internet, check out the website - 40 different fonts, animated text, bad graphics.
3	i had the cherry lemon sun drop too and it was great. i had the 1/4 dunken chicken plate and onion rings. and my hubby had the minced meat sandwich. the chicken was the best fried chicken i have had but i dont normally like fried chicken. the onion rings were real crunchy but they dont make it as leftovers so if you dont finish them throw them away. they have no tables so you eat in your car. kinda like a sonic were you pull up and order. so dont wear nice clothes or bring the nice car to eat. they only take cash but have a atm back in the kitchen.
5	A 1/4 dark BBQ fried chicken meal with fries & slaw is hands down one of the best meals in Charlotte - if not the entire country!  I just want to smear it all over my face its so good.  Every time I'm back visiting home I have stop at Bar-B-Q King on the way home from the airport.  This is hands down some of the best food I've come across - and I've been all over the world!The old-fashioned drive-in experience is unique. The staff has a "we know our food is great" attitude in my opinion it adds a certain level of authenticity and persona that I look forward to every time I go.Don't forget the sweet tea either...Its the best I've ever had!If you are in charlotte and you can only choose one place to have lunch... THIS IS IT!
5	I have eaten at BBQ King for over 10 years. They are the best! My Favorite is the BBQ Plate. I substitute Onion Rings for the French Fries that normally come on the plate. The rings are always good and crispy, the bbq "melt in your mouth" tender and the hush puppies AND the coleslaw are the best around, hands down. I have made a lunch of JUST the coleslaw and a half dozen pups before!Their tea is great and the Cherry Lemon Sundrop is made the old fashion way with syrup and a cherry!I like the the hamburger steak, the ribeye sandwich and the PO Boy. You can't beat the people that work at the BBQ King. It's a family business and you get the feeling you are part of the family!If you get a plate, come hungry!
4	Dude, I don't know about the other reviewer's but I'm a native Charlottean and I've came to this spot since I can remember, having grown up on the West Side. Simply put Bar- B - Q King has some of the best burgers and rings in the city and I've tried them all, Nothing like an Ol'School Drive In for the best on the West:-)
4	I have been going to the Bar-B-Que King since I was a little kid and my parents dated there for years before I was even a gleam in their eyes. Happily, I can say it is just as good now as I remember it being as a kid. (My parents would load me & my siblings in the backseat and we'd stop in here for dinner, then stop by the Dairy Queen for dessert, and then we would go to the drive in movies, where we'd inevitably fall asleep before the movie was over!) Two things I always order here are the onion rings (which are home-made not frozen!) and a cherry lemon sundrop! When I was growing up, I didn't generally care for bar-b-que, but I really liked theirs. As a kid, I also loved their Po Boys. Now, I don't eat beef or pork at all, but they have plenty of other things on their menu besides pork bar-b-que & hamburgers such as fish, chicken, and grilled cheese.  The barbequed chicken is messy but delish. The servers are typically quite entertaining and usually really hustle. Once we even sat indoors (they have a couple of little bar stools at a counter) which was quite entertaining as well! Almost everything here is pretty much fried, but the quality of the food is excellent considering! Love this place! For those who've never been, this is an honest-to-goodness drive -in where you typically sit in your car to order and eat. They do have a TINY counter with a couple of stools inside for those who do not want to eat in the car - but it is really small and cramped inside, so don't expect a "sit down" dining experience! Also, I don't think they take plastic - so make sure you have cash on hand before you go.
1	Having grown up in North Carolina, I've had lots of Barbecue (and I also smoke my own).  I feel I can adequately judge the quality of BBQ.  This particular establishment was unique in that it's right off the side of a highway and has drive-in microphones and ordering stations straight out of the 50's.  I did feel a little uneasy in the parking lot as it was in a shady part of town, but not a big deal.  I ordered the 1/4 Barbecue chicken meal and substituted potato salad for the slaw and onion rings for the fries.  In addition I ordered a "Minced" barbecue sandwich, which is the classic barbecue that people would think of when talking about North Carolina style BBQ.   First let me say that FoodNetwork came to this establishment for the unique nature of the 50's style drive-in and for the unique way that the pieces of barbecue chicken are prepared.  They are deep fried and then dunked in barbecue sauce.  I will say that it is unique; however as the above would suggest, it is quite greasy.  It was "okay" but I wouldn't say it is anything to specifically come here for.  As for the barbecue, it is also "okay;" I can safely say that the meat is not smoked (there is no smoke rising from the kitchen, so I don't see how that could happen).  In addition, the meat itself lacked the distinctive smoky flavor characteristic of good, slow cooked North Carolina barbecue.  The sandwich overall was ever so slightly more typical of NC BBQ than what I received from Mac's (which was very overcooked and completely lacked flavor), but unfortunately I would never recommend the restaurant for NC barbecue or otherwise.
3	I wish Yelp offered half stars.After trying many acclaimed restaurants featured on the food network, I've come up with a conclusion. The food at many of these restaurants kinda sucks.  They don't want to offend the restaurant, so they give good praise. In reality, the food isn't that great. It seems they are only featured because they are a staple in that community, unique or has some type of significant history. I respect that though. I like BBQ king for being all of those things, but the food is mediocre. BBQ was not smoky at all. No flavor. I don't think it's even really smoked. I am no connoisseur, but I know this isn't good Q. Regular fried chicken is good. The fried chicken dipped in BBQ is nice. Something new, not my cup of tea, but if I grew up on it, I surely would understand. Service and Cheeseburgers are good though. And most importantly, very affordable.
5	Americana at it's greatest. I was travelling from Philadelphia to Richmond, to South Carolina to North Carolina to Georgia over the weekend. I was road tripping with my friend and she was doing some bike racing down south. After racing in Charlotte, we were driving down to Georgia. We were hungry and following the GPS. As we were driving I saw this place on the side of the road. We drove in and pulled up to an odering place. (this is a place that sonic is based off of but no rollerskates)I ordered the shredded pork sandwich and my friend ordered the bbq chicken. It was very good and tasty and i wish that I lived closer I would eat here regularly. The best part was the fact that they put pickles on every thing. But I don't eat pickles.
2	Classic American food in an old fashioned drive-in setting. Although I'm not a burger person, theirs was pretty tasty. I've eaten there a few times now and sometimes the food is better than other times... its hit or miss. Oh, and they stay open pretty late too. If you like this place, you must visit Zack's Hamburgers only 15 minutes away.Con: They only accept cash. No debit/credit here!Be sure to tip the guys that bring your food out the car!
4	The BBQ fried chicken was interesting and good. The breast meat was very juicy. The highlight was the onion rings. This is what onion rings are all about, very thin breading and super crunchy. I'm thinking about going back for some more rings. The lemon cherry sundrop is worth trying as well. $11.20 for 1/2 chicken, slaw, onion rings, and large soda.
4	Great place to try pork BBQ & chicken. Nice people. Helps that the Diners & Dives guy likes the place too!Pros- tasty fried chicken smothered in vinegar BBQ sauce. - tasty diced bbq pork - friendly service- great price - paid $22 for BBQ tray, 1/2 BBQ fried chicken, BBQ sandwich, 2 sodas.- parking lotCons- no indoor seating- no ribsReturn Visit- yes - I'd stop by readily for a 2nd helping of the fried chicken
3	We were really excited to be visiting Charlotte after seeing this place on the Food Network's "Diners, Drive-ins and Dives."  My hubby and I are both eastern transplants that now live in Utah so we get really excited for real Southern BBQ when we come back to visit.Pros: This place is old! I loved that they are still using the original ordering system.  It was fun imagining what this place must have been in it's heyday. Also, there's a big menu so everyone will find something they like. The fried chicken dipped in barbecue sauce was amazing!  I will go back there just for that dish.Cons: Cash only! We had to use their ATM machine in order to pay for our meal. That means getting out of your car to go inside at a drive-up place. Some "retro" stuff isn't so cute, like not taking credit cards.  Also, the guy who delivered our food to the car basically asked for a tip which I thought was quite rude. Also, a bit of a sketchy neighborhood. The pork bbq was so-so and the hush puppies were too greasy, like they tried to cook too many in the fryer at one time. The french fries were blah.Final note: go for the fried chicken but go elsewhere for your 'cue fix.
5	CASH ONLYGreat dive place.  Heart attack on a plate.  Lotsa of tasty greasy fattening food.  Loved the chicken bbq and the onion rings.  If you are into  Americana, this is the place for you.  Tip the guy that brings the food a little bit and ask for extra napkins.
4	I ordered the pork bbq sandwich and if was really good. The sauce was tangy southern style vinegar based sauce that came on the side which was nice because the bun didn't get soggy.  The hush puppies were homemade and tasted great.  But the real star of the menu was the bbq chicken; it was totally off the hook.  Deep fried and then dunked in their signature sauce, it was a AMAZING.  I don't typically like chicken on the bone or dark meat but I dove right in and I am glad I did, this place is the real deal.  The only thing I didn't like was the coleslaw; it wasn't very good but the bread they served on the side was really good.  This is a true old school drive inn and you eat in your car, which was a negative for me.  It was tough to eat this amazing bbq in our car.  It is nostalgic to eat at a drive inn but not practical when grubbing on bbq.Service was friendly and it was an all around great experience.  They don't take credit cards but they so have an atm on site (that charges you $2 transaction fee).  Not too far off Interstate 77 so if you are driving through Charlotte take exit 9C and stop on in for a real BBQ treat.
5	Driving up to the place, you contemplate if you should have brought your bullet proof vest. You pull in, see that nothing has been touched since 1950, and fall into deep thought about the greatness that's going to enter your mouth. You look at the menu (with taped over prices) and order through the original Alexander Graham Bell phone. Can't understand what the lady is saying back to you? WHO CARES!! All you need to do is order the BBQ Minced sandwich and a 1/4 BBQ chicken (white meat). Yeah, some people say the sandwich could have more BBQ sauce on it, but those people need to walk out onto Wilkinson with their eyes closed.You won't find another place like this in the world, i promise...I've looked. The people that work there make this place especially unique. The guys are funny, quick, and they were shirts with holes in them.Overall, if you are in Charlotte, you better go there. Make sure you bring Cash with you because Credit Cards are not allowed.
4	I've been eating at BBQ king since I can remember, being like most westsiders. I really love their PoBoys, crushed ice in their sweet tea, homemade onion rings like no one else and even their trout plate and tartar sauce. The best part about visiting the king, as we call it,  is the workers. They always recognize their regulars with a friendly hello. And to the person who said their tea was too small, refills are free if you walk inside.
1	The food here used to be good, but like the side of town its on, it has gone down hill. I would not feel comfortable eating here at night without my friend Smith & Wesson with me.Its an old style 50's drive in where you order at your car and car hops bring the food. The last time I ate here the BBQ was greasy and had no smokey flavor. What really turned me off about the place was the car hop. I took my Mom for lunch one day. The bill was $12. I gave the car hop $15 and told him to keep the change. He looked at me in disgust and just turned around and walked away with out so much as a thank you or anything.  I gave him a 25% tip. What did he want 50%?Thats okay, because Bar-B-Q King will never see me again! I'll spend my hard earned money where the food and service are better.
2	I finally got around to trying Bar-B-Q King.  The weather was pretty nice so it was a good day for a drive in.  I always try to keep an open mind when eating at a place for the first time which can be tough after reading reviews about the place.  I ordered BBQ plate which comes with 2 sides.  I got fries and slaw.  My visit was on a Saturday between noon and 1 pm.  The place seemed pretty busy with about 50% of the stalls occupied.  It took a little while to get my food, but not so long as to start thinking, "where is my food."  The server dropped my tray off and quickly moved on the the next car without getting my money.  Odd, but probably the most efficient.  The pork was minced with sauce on it.  The slaw was also minced rather than being shredded.  There was also a sandwich bun along with the fries.  I was able to get some pork without sauce to try first.  The pork was moist and tender, but very bland.  I then tried some of the pork with the sauce and the sauce was bland too.  There was no smoke flavor at all.  The fries were good, fluffy on the inside, but not quite crisp enough.  The slaw was crunchy and fresh, but it too was bland.  I don't really care about the sauce.  Tastes vary and some like it spicier than others.  But the pork although being tender and moist was disappointing.  Overall it wasn't a bad meal, but it wasn't good either.  Again there are better places to go for much better BBQ.
5	Amazing, that's all I can say!!! No, wait...delicious, tasty, friendly, fun, unbelievable! If you haven't been, definitely check it out. The BBQ chicken is great!
2	Saw it on Triple D, looked great. Showed up to the ghetto as expected, but the meal was underwhelming.I had the chicken fingers dunked in BBQ sauce as featured on the show. Not very good.Cash only.Did it, won't do it again.
4	This place was featured a while back on Drive Ins, Diners and Dives on The Food Network - the show with Guy Fieri driving up to places in a convertible. It is a 50's throw back drive in with curb service in a somewhat scary part of town. You call in your order on this antiquated system -  it is kind of cool, but hard to understand the person taking the order.They serve all the usual drive in items with the addition of minced Pork Barbecue and some of the most unusual Barbecue Chicken you'll every try - it is fried first, and then dipped in a tangy barbecue sauce. This method is used by Keaton's in Cleveland, NC, Ted's Famous Chicken on S. Main  in Winston Salem, and Bar-B-Q King's neighbor down Wilkerson Blvd.,Town & Country Drive In.The Barbecued Chicken is good, the sauce tangy, but not especially hot. The pork barbecue is ok, but a little too finely chopped for my taste. The hot dogs, hamburgers, and onion rings are all really good. The service is generally fast. This place is worth a visit, and if you visit you gotta try the chicken. No credit cards accepted here.
5	I saw this place on diners, drive-ins and dives over a year ago and I have really been looking forward to it. Well -it was GREAT!!!  I had the BBQ chicken and sliced pork sandwich. The chicken was perfect. Plump, juicy and the sauce was awesome. The sandwich had a wonderful smoked flavor and meet was tender and cooked to perfection. The charm was eating in the car and using the 50 year old speaker system to order. I didn't understand a  word the order taker said, but it didn't matter. I recommend you try this. It exceeded my very high exceptions.
4	in the Ghetto? Really? I would hate to see what you think the real ghetto looks like. I had the minced bbq sandwich and regular onion rings (still a HUGE portion). The pork was moist and tasty with a subtle, just the right amount of slaw on top. The side of sauce made my day as it took it up a notch with just a little more kick from the vinegar base.As others have said, leave the credit cards in the wallet, CASH ONLY here.
5	We saw this place on Diners Drive-ins & Dives, just like so many others, and decided to give it a try on our way to Asheville today.And...I am soooo glad we did!First...yes, the intercom system is dated, and hard to hear, oh well...I chalk that up to character. We didn't know what to order, so my lovey hubby went inside to ask what they recommended. David asked him, "How many you got?" And proceeded to invite us inside to sit and eat...they only have 2 stools, and we felt happy to be invited. (He also said, "bring your missus inside, and we'll take care of you.)The inside is just as dated as the intercom...but, we asked what to order and they recommended the BBQ chicken and BBQ pork plate.Now, I must admit, we are from Augusta, and as true Augustians, we have one BBQ love...Sconyers...it is simply the best in the world, and we have been bred to eat it.But, BBQ King does a real decent job of the pork!!! I was happy to share the plate with my lovey hubby, and we enjoyed it...the sauce was Texas Pete based...and very tasty.I must give a mention to their cole slaw...they have a "secret" ingredient, which just happens to be MY secret ingredient also!!! Celery seeds... and they really make for a tasty slaw! (try it next time you make cole slaw...it is so good!)I've saved the best for last...their BBQ dipped fried chicken. Now, I saw this on Guy Fieri's show...and didn't think it could be good at all...I thought, "Fried chicked, dipped in sauce??? It'll get all soggy...won't be good at all..." Well, folks...I was WRONG. They fry it so crispy...then dip it at the last minute before serving...so you get this absolutely delicious, crispy, juicy, tender BBQ chicken. I will go on record as saying: BEST BBQ CHICKEN EVER...possibly the best fried chicken ever!!! It really is that good...it is incredible and original...and I can't believe that every where doesn't serve chicken like this.Last, but not least...get the cherry sun-drop...yes, it is sun-drop, but with cherry syrup...I've never had it anywhere else. (I'm very sheltered, obviously!)
4	BBQ King is all the reviewers say and more. The intercom in completely unintelligible. The neighborhood doesn't feel terribly unsafe, but I hear tales about Camp Greene (2 blocks over). The barbecue chicken is off the Richter good, but definitely strange.I've never had barbecue chicken that was battered and fried first, then seemingly baked in tangy sauce. The skin is more than crunchy, it's FIRM. But sticky and chewy and tasty. It just feels like something you shouldn't eat more than once a year, unless you wanna join Elizabeth. nahmean?
1	NASTY NASTY NASTY first who in the H*** still takes cash only? then you have some guy that looks like he just got out of jail for selling crack with a hand  full on cash...That takes your order .. Ok so you have to find cash . But they have a atm Damm so $2.50 for the atm fee and then $2.50 from my bank . Then $10.00 bucks for this nasty food So for all to see is a $15.00 dollar meal At BBQ King what a rip off . I walked in and thought I was going to pass out from the nasty smell of rotten onions .          They might have been great 30 or 20 years ago and I saw people eating this  this ... I do not know what it is its not food nor BBQ.Health Department must feel sorry for them any other place they would close done
5	After moving out of Charlotte, the BBQ King is one of the restaurants that I miss the most. First, its not really in a ghetto, but its definitely not the safest part of town. Second, its a drive-in, so you'll have to pull up and order through an intercom or walk inside and order. No indoor seating (usually folks just eat in their car or on the tailgate). Everything I've had there has been delicious, but where they excel is their barbecued fried chicken. Tender, moist, crispy, delicious fried chicken, that is submerged and soaked in their homemade westen Carolina style bbq sauce thats the perfect combination of savory and tangy. You'll need plenty of napkins and beverage while devouring this bird. Cash only, and be sure to tip the server! Closed on Sundays and Mondays too. Don't pass up a chance to eat here!
2	Don't be deceived by Guy Fieri.  He does not know everything.  I, like so many others before me, was duped by a TV show making things look better than they are.  I've said before that I'm not a huge BBQ fan, but this place was pretty underwhelming overall.  Nothing special about anything, IMO.  And I was furious about having to get out of my car to hit up the ATM to pay for my food.  And the car hop literally said to me "Yo, I get a tip?".  Sure, I guess, if you're going to bully me into it.  It was ok, but I'd rather save myself the hassle and hit up Hilbilly's if I ever get another BBQ craving.
4	I've been going to BBQ King since i was very young. Some of the best BBQ Chicken you'll find in Charlotte. If you like granola or are watching your weight, this is probably not the place for you. If you like good food, you've found the place. The car hops have been there as long as i can remember and remember their customers
2	Not the worlds greatest BBQ chicken (sorry Guy). It was good. Very vinegary. Second price got soggy and the crust is only good when crisp. If I am back down in that area I will try the regular fried chicken.One thing that really bothered me what the car hop hovering for a tip.
4	What can you say...it's an institution and you don't go changing a classic like this. Pork sandwiches, Chicken, fries and Onion rings are the best and don't forget the cherry lemon Sundrop.
3	I moved to Charlotte several years ago, and had wanted to eat there for ages. After seeing it on "Diners, Drive-Ins and Dives", I *finally* made the extra effort to make it out there (they're closed on Sundays and Mondays).I got the BBQ chicken, which was advertised on DD&D as "fried chicken coated in East Carolina-style BBQ sauce". Well, the sauce is far too thick and sweet to be traditional East Carolina-style sauce (which is sort of like Tabasco sauce). Although a disappointment, the fried chicken itself was well done, perfectly cooked and juicy.The fries are nothing to write home about, probably frozen commercial. But they were cooked well and nicely salted. The onion rings were far better, especially if you're a fan of the cornmeal variety. I'm not a fan of cole slaw, but the slaw seemed fresh and was pretty tasty.One knock - my friend ordered a Sun Drop, and received a Coke, even though the order ticket was clearly marked as Sun Drop. Yeah, we coulda used the speaker to call someone to fix it (and for $17.85 for a drive-in lunch, we should have).
2	Not as good as I expected. The food was ok but not crazily yummy like shown on triple Ds
1	The food was greasy. BBQ sauce wasn't good at all. I went to try out their restaurant because the food looked good on triple Ds. Turned out the food wasn't worth the drive
5	BBQ chicken. Best in Charlotte. Bring a bib---or turn your cape around.
4	The popcorn shrimp was good. The pulled pork sandwich lacked sauce. It is beyond me why they don't add sauce to the sandwich. We were all fans of the fried bbq chicken.  It is soft, moist, and has a vinegar taste.  We got a breast and a wing without having to pay an up charge. This is most likely the only item that we will order next time.  The french fries were really good, but the cheap Hunt's ketchup was not an asset.  The fries are good and definitely worth gracing with Heinz ketchup. the hush puppies were nothing to write home about. I like something added to my hush puppy like onion. The onion rings were of the flour variety with the fried casing kept falling off.  I prefer the crunchy cornmeal type. They are closed Sunday and Monday, so we had to wait for them to open Tuesday.  The iced tea was delicious and it was already sweetened! The cole slaw was delicious, just like grandma used to make.  The potato salad was meh. The roll was meh.  Thank goodness were were traveling with cash because they don't accept credit cards. We will go back and after reading other reviews i am curious to try the cherry lemon sundrop.
5	YUM...this is a charlotte classic! :) great fast drive-in old school food. hear their fried chicken is amazing. i always get a burger and fries and some of their delightfully delish onion rings!! they also make cherry lemon sundrop which my boyfriend is very greatful for ... really yummy, all the car hops are super nice and quick! dont forget to tip! :) this place doesnt take credit cards but inside they have an atm..
5	Great Carolina BBQ
5	One of the best places I have been,it has everything atmosphere, attitude all of it and the food is amazing.
4	Drove by this place a bunch of times heading back to the airport in Charlotte and today had some time and decided to give it a try.  Old school drive-in type service and only take cash (there's an ATM inside).  I had the BBQ Chicken which is essentially fried chicken dipped in BBQ sauce.  It was awesome....vinegar-based sauce and the meat was super moist and tender.  They serve fries and coleslaw with it...but you don't need to eat that - just focus on the chicken!  Will stop by again next time in town.
4	I took a trip down to Florida and stopped at this place on a tip.  This is an old school drive-in.  You order through this old switchboard and they car hop to get your order.  Simple food, but very good.  You have to try the BBQ fried chicken.  It is a unique recipe.  It is great.  If you want to try a different dining experience try this place out and try the chicken.  It is also very affordable.Thanks
4	Great historic place here, and definitely worth coming here 3 or 4 times a year... any more than that and my arteries would explode!Their BBQ chicken is deep fried, soaked in a tangy buffalo sauce, served with adequate hush puppies, and absolutely worth trying at least once.Great family owned place, you can order from your car, but remember CASH ONLY.
1	You get 1 star instead of two because the dude that brought us our food to our car, DEMANDED his tip.  DUDE - HERE'S A TIP - DON'T ASK FOR A TIP.CASH ONLY.I wanted to come to this place because it was on Diners, Drive Ins and Dives and fried chicken and bbq sauce.  Need I say more?Well, would I go back the next time I'm in town.  No thanks, I'll be making my way over to South 21 or Price's Chicken Coop.The sauce was too vinegary for my taste. The chicken was somewhat moist, but I did feel that it might have been sitting around.  Everyone else in my party said the same thing.  The fries were definitely old and sitting around.  and well, the guy demanding a tip put a bad taste in my mouth.
1	i really didn't appreciate the man who brought me my order asking me for a tip. here's a tip, don't ask for a tip. i worked as a food server for many years; and rule #1 is never ever ask for a tip. tips are earned! as for the food, i was epically disappointed. thanks for nothing guy fieri.
1	Did you read my tip?! Good *** BBQ?!  Haha, I was being totally sarcastic.  IT'S GOOD IF YOU LIKE "ass" BBQ!  First of all, the wait time before anyone serviced us was long and the place wasn't that busy.  Second, it's cash only, so that put me in a bind because it's BLACK FRIDAY and I wasn't going outside for anything, not even the bank...and on that note, I must digress because I was bamboozled into coming to this dump by that oompa loompa, Guy Fieri, on DDD!! Third, the waiter had the audacity to ask for his tip! Are you that thirsty for cash, my brotha?!  Maybe I was digging for it in my car cushions because your establishment doesn't take debit/credit cards?!Here's a tip: Don't eat here unless you like good "ASS" BBQ (unless you're into that sort of thing).  The chicken was "meh", the sauce was too watered down and spicy, and the wait staff was incredibly rude.  I really don't know why this place was featured on Diners, Drive-ins, and Dives....
3	Looking at some of the other reviews, I'm surprised tipping became an issue.  Isn't it common to tip the person bringing you food?  Maybe it's just me.  Anyway, I'm lost living in New Jersey looking for good BBQ.  Since I was headed south for the holidays, I decided to look up the best BBQ spots in Charlotte.  Several came up in my search but I noticed that the BBQ King was on triple D and the best thing I ever ate.  So BBQ King it was and the plan was to try the BBQ chicken.When we landed in Charlotte on a Sunday and they were closed.  So, on the return we gave ourselves a little time to check out the BBQ King.  It's an old school drive-in with an intercom ordering system.  I thought it was kind of cool.  What first struck me looking at the menu was the lack of BBQ items.  I saw burgers, steak, fried chicken and similar drive in type items.  But I didn't worry because I had a plan to try the BBQ chicken; and for good measure I choose the minced BBQ sandwich.When the food came, I was surprised the BBQ chicken was fried chicken covered in BBQ sauce.  It then dawned on me that in the Carolinas BBQ is pork; like the minced sandwich I ordered.  Unfortunately, in my search for good BBQ, the BBQ King was not going to be my fix.  But I had to try the food.  I took a bite of the chicken and it was delicious.  The sauce was vinegary and the meat was moist and tender with a nice crunch.  I won't call it BBQ, but I will call it good!  They did a decent job with the pork sandwich but it didn't really taste smoked.  I put some coleslaw on it and it really made a nice sandwich.Would I recommend BBQ King?  It was unique enough that with full disclosure yes.  Would I go back again?  Only if I was going with someone who had never been before.  As I said, I was on a search for good BBQ and the BBQ King doesn't really serve BBQ.
4	While I love the idea of a drive-in in theory, in practice I'm always annoyed by it.  Couple that with the fact that much of Bar-B-Q King's food isn't ideal for car eating, and the experience is not necessarily the best, though I can't really fault Bar-B-Q King for that, I suppose.  The car hops are helpful and friendly, and their food is delicious.  The sauce on the dipped chicken is somewhere between a buffalo style and bbq sauce. It's definitely worth the trip, but if you are from Charlotte, I'd grab it to go.
4	I like this place, it is a fun throwback to old school diners you see on TV where people sit in their cars and have people bring the food to them. You can also go inside.Service was good, the waiter/car hopper guy seemed to be a little confused as he didn't appear to understand our order and he even forgot one of the items we ordered but other than that he was nice a friendly.I ordered the dozen fried shrimp with french fries, fries and shrimp were both cooked beautifully.   Shrimp were a quality size and met my needs to fill me up. Shrimp batter was seasoned well and added to the flavor of the shrimp.  Fries were also nice and crisp and warm.  My one issue is they don't give you much tater sauce to meet the size of the shrimp they provide.Cash only sucks, I mean who has cash nowadays but so not a big deal because they have an ATM inside you can use.Overall definitely worth a visit if you're in the Charlotte area.
3	Like many of the other reviewers we ventured here in large part because it was featured on DDD.Pros: old time drive-in, lots of food for the $$$, chicken was really moist, good coleslaw & good sweet tea.Cons: fries were the kind that if you don't get them right out of the fryer and salted, they will go limp quickly. As another reviewer described the sauce: it is a combo between bbq sauce and wing sauce - kinda bummed that it was not solid bbq sauce.
5	For me, when it comes to BBQ Fried Chicken, I refuse to go anywhere but Bar-B-Q King. How they manage to make fried chicken soaked in bbq sauce stay crispy and not get soggy is beyond me but thats okay, as long as I get to eat it. After I first ate here, it took a lot of energy not to go back at least once a week. I cant have anyone come visit me without taking them there and I cant help but yell out "BBQ King" whenever anyone mentions their favorite bbq place. Its that good. While, Its sad that they are closed on Sundays and Mondays, whenever I head over there the place puts a smile on my face. Their old ordering system from when, I think, they first opened, is very old school and gives it a fun feeling. The servers are always smiling and seemingly happy. If 'diners drive-ins and dives' says its a good as I say, then you better make a trip over to try their chicken!
4	A DDD spot. Cash only.Ordered BBQ chicken, sliced pork sammy and apple pie ala mode.I LOVE their BBQ sauce.Chicken was awesome. Fried then dunked in the sauce. Sliced pork was moist. However, I should have gotten the pulled pork so it sopped up more sauce...or at least asked for some sauce on the side for dipping. If I am in Charlotte again I will go back. Only next time I will ask for more sauce and pickles!
3	If you crave some greasey spoon food at a drive-in style spot not near anything, this is your place. Once or twice a year is fine by me
5	I'm leaving California and moving into the parking lot.
4	We just love to eat at locations featured on the Triple D food show. I have never been excited about the vinegar style NC BBQ but this was delicious.  I had the BBQ chicken Dinner.  Hot, crispy, crunchy on the outside chicken that was full of flavor and moist on the inside.  The fries were freshly cooked and scorching hot, the way they should be served.  The cole slaw was just as I like it, not drowning in mayo.  Our server was friendly and attentive.  Lots is napkins needed on this yummy meal.
4	This was, I believe, #8 on my Diners, Drivers, and Dives stops, and being a BBQ connoisseur, I had to give BBQ King a try. This is a drive in BBQ place and definitely has a hometown feel. As I pulled up I was greeted by a guy who came out to meet me. After a bit of conversation and defining what it was exactly I was ordering, I ordered the chopped pork sandwich. Now, allow me to say I'm from Texas so obviously I do not agree that what they serve in NC is even remotely "BBQ", however... "When in Rome". So, I this review is written with that in mind. The sandwich was topped by finely chopped slaw and was actually really good. They also offered me BBQ sauce on the side which was also pretty good. The fries were bland and nothing special but ok. The Coke however ... Was. Freaking. Awesome!  It had just the right bite to it and tasted amazing. All in all it wasn't the best I've ever had but was certainly good for what it was and was exactly what I ordered despite not being confident that I placed it correctly. I do recommend stopping in if you are in the area.
4	any time i am on the road and see a place that has been on DDD I stop. CRISPY CHICKEN Thats all I have to say!
3	My Ist time experience was GOOD! Visiting Charlotte for the 2nd time and I made this place a must stop after seeing it featured on the Food Network a few years a go. Saw a few folk carrying boxes to go, so we thought it was going to be worth the try!!The place hasn't change since it was show on FN. The food was worth the money. We had 1/4 BBQ Chicken ( comes with F.F., Cole Slaw & a Roll), a Minced BBQ Pork sandwich, Fried Onion Rings (regular sized) and a Cherry Lemon Sundrop soda (Large sized) totaling $16.45.The place has friendly car hops working for a tip. One of the retired owners came over and carried on a conversation, especially after finding out we were not Charlotte natives, but visiting after asking us if we were enjoying our food as we were munching down!As for the food, I expected the chicken to be crunchier, but it was hot and seasoned well to the bone. I didn't find the bbq sauce too vinegary; kind of disappointed in that, but never the less it was all GOOD!  I thought the Cherry Lemon Sundrop could of had more cherry syrup and lemon flavoring, but over all it was tasty and refreshing. My sister said her sandwich was just okay, but she loved the Onion Rings. She thought they were reminsent to a place back in Greenville/Mauldin, SC where she lives. Come to find out the place she was referring to was owned by the owner's son in-law. Small World!!I would make a return trip if in the Charlotte area and had a hankering for some BBQ FRIED CHICKEN and a Drive-In experience!!
2	I sought out Bar-B-Q King after seeing it on Triple D, but I can't say there's anything special about this place beyond the novelty of an old-fashioned drive-in. True, they do dunk their fried chicken in their barbecue sauce, and while it's not bad, it's not exceptional either. The pulled pork isn't very smoky, but the sauce, slaw, & hushpuppies are decent. On a bit of a negative note, my server asked me two times for my beverage order, & despite saying "Sweet Tea" both times...I got a Coke. I really really really wanted Bar-B-Q King to be awesome, to remind me of & even surpass my hometown drive-in that looks much the same (Na-Bers, if you're ever in Bryson City, NC)...but it didn't. It was just average, & for that reason I'd recommend passing on by.
4	The service here was outstanding! We pulled up and were quickly approached by our friendly server (is that what you call them in a drive in situation?). When we told him it was our first time there he quickly said that one of us will need to have the chicken and one should have the pork. Who are we to argue? We love chicken and pork! After just a few minutes wait the food appeared in our car and did not disappoint. My only complaint, there was too much of it. Since I was headed out of town I went in and got a box to send the leftovers home with the husband so that I knew he would have something to eat for dinner. The service inside was just as friendly as that which we received upon arrival and that alone is reason for me to hit this place up again next time I'm on my way to/from the airport.
2	Not too good and not that much flavor for what chicken can have.  The sauce is nothing special and as one reviewer said, the neighborhood is suspect.  Service was good and I liked the potato salad.  Baked beans were from the can.  Drive up was good and service was super fast.
4	This is a delicious place to eat. I really like the chicken filet sandwich as well as the Po Boy. The service is wonderful. Family owned and operated.
5	I LOVE the BBQ King!  For years, I'm amazed I just drove by this place on the way to/from the airport in Charlotte not thinking much of it, but then I saw it featured on Diners' Drive-ins and Dives.  Now, I am a regular.  It is a ritual for me to stop every time I'm coming home from the airport (or I just need some awesome fried indulgence).  The two best things on the menu are the BBQ chicken (note that this is fried chicken dipped in BBQ sauce) and the onion rings.  Some of the best onion rings I've ever had.  I always opt to go for dark meat chicken, since I think it has more flavor than white meat.  That first bite of a leg with that tangy sauce is heaven.  A little piece of advice if you do get take out.  If you leave the food in those cardboard containers too long, it will get soggy on the drive home.  I usually un-staple the lids to let the steam out to keep the food from over steaming itself.  I prefer to lose a little of the temperature for crispier food when I sit down at home.  The best experience is to eat it in the car.  Granted, your car will smell like BBQ King for days, but it is such a wonderful smell.A little side note.  My wife asked me where I wanted to go for my birthday dinner this year.  I've been to many of the great restaurants in town, such as Fig Tree, but my choice for my birthday meal is the BBQ King!  I absolutely love it!If you haven't tried it, do it.  It's awesome.  Bring cash!
3	The BBQ chicken was very tasty. The fries, cole slaw, and roll were not with the calories. Don't forget to bring cash as that is the only currency that is allowed. The service was excellent and very responsive.
1	This place was not so good. The onion on the burger was too strong and the burger did not taste good. The BBQ chicken was just ok. This place was old and I will definitely not be going back. Very disappointed with Diners, Drive Ins, and Dives (DDD) for recommending this place.
4	A piece of Charlotte history.The BBQ is good, maybe not the best.I kinda compare the local que to Kyle Flethcers in Gastonia.This is alright but not quite Kyle style.The days of the drive-in or waning.Go here for the experience before it's gone.
2	Decided to give BBQ King a try after seeing it on Diners Drive-Ins and Dives. I was really wanting to like this place. It looked cool on the show and the fried BBQ chicken was supposed to be the best. Complete failure the moment we arrived. I pressed the button on the 1950s speaker system to order and the lady snapped on the other side was about as rude as rude gets. "I can't hear you" in a rude hateful voice. I wondered if I was in Charlotte or NYC. I had to contain myself from pulling her through that speaker system. Wow lady, the speaker system is from the 50s, no wonder you couldn't hear me. What I wanted was a BBQ fried chicken sandwich, but what I got was BBQ grilled tenders sandwich. Meat was too salty and the hush puppies were just ok, nothing good. Def won't be going back.
5	Best bbq fried chicken I've ever had. If you dont want your chicken over sauced then just order the fried chicken and have the bbq sauce on the side for dipping. Bbq pork was yummy and pulled pork style. Onion rings were fresh, hot, and stayed crispy even after cooling. Great comfort food and drive in style but if you want to drop in there's a little room inside that might seat up to 4 people.  :)
3	I live with in walking distance so I am a regular. Food is fine, nothing especially special. I enjoy your bbq chicken most, it's always very moist.
3	Visited 'cause Fieri featured BBQ King on both DDD and Best Thing I Ever Ate.  Really?  Like other reviewers stated, the food is good but not great IMO.  I ordered the chicken with onion rings, and chose to eat in my car--big mistake.  The entree is very messy and carving my way through it with a plastic fork didn't cut it.  By the time I finished wrestling with it, I had more sauce on me than was on the plate!I am willing to try them again when I can eat from a table.  Maybe I'll be more inspired, or should try something else.  For now I'm on the fence.  Notes:  Great service.  Fast.  Friendly.  Easy to find.  Good value.  Cash only.
