5	This is the only place I take "the Smurf" to get his hair done that he doenst get all freaked out & come out with his beard soaked from stress saliva (YUCK) They are awesome and always do a perfect job. ANNNNND, they didnt charge me and arm, a leg and a half like the place I went to in Tempe!
5	My high maintenance Yorkie goes to "doggie day care" 3 days a week at Shear Pet Elegance and has been doing this for almost 4 years now. (I know...trust me...I know...)But in my defense, Tigi is a ROCKSTAR and needs to be treated as such. Tracy, the owner, is my hero. I trust her 100% with Tigi and have no worries when I drop her off in the mornings. Tracy loves animals to the core, and it's very apparent to anyone that does business with her. And don't think the dogs can't sense that. Tigi loves her more than I do.There is also a full grooming center. Tabitha the groomer pimps out the notorious T.I.G. when she's looking a little less than camera ready, and I have been using her for 4 years as well. Awesome.In addition to daycare and grooming, I've used their overnight, cage-free boarding service. That's right, no kennels! And there is always someone with the dogs.Shear Pet Elegeance, also known as PAWS Salon, is nestled in cozy old town just across from the Valley Ho.I LOVE, LOVE, LOVE this place. I hadn't reviewed it for so long because I wanted to keep it my little secret, but I feel that dog owners might appreciate a place they could trust and good businesses should get the reviews they deserve!
5	I have tried various places to get my labradoodle, Chelsea, groomed, but had never found anywhere that did it just right.  Well, i am glad i have found Paws Salon - they have done a fantastic job with my baby girl and really listened to what i wanted.  She did not come out looking like a poodle, which so often happens with labradoodles (apologies to poodle owners, but I want my dog to look like a labradoodle not a poodle).  They did exactly what I asked for - in fact she looks better that I could have imagined - thanks folks!  We will definitely be back and will probably try the day care as well.
5	Absolutely love this place! My very active American Eskimo/sheltie mix puppy go to doggy daycare several days a week and comes home absolutely exhausted from playing with all his buddies! This is also where he stays when we go out of town on the weekends... They dont kennel the dogs so they are free to find there own little sleeping spots on doggy beds and staff is there overnight to keep an eye on everyone. He absolutely adores the people who work there. The staff is very friendly and helpful. LOVE this place!
4	I bought the living social deal for grooming.  I got an appointment in a reasonable amount of time and on the day that I wanted.  They did a decent job with his cut and were done early (you get an A+ for that!).  Their regular price for grooming seems to be reasonable so I see no reason why I wouldn't go back.
4	We are relatively new to Paws Salon. One of our dogs has been there for doggy daycare.  She has "issues" in terms of being afraid of people due to lack of socialization.  They were very kind to her.  I could tell when I picked her up that she had a good day.  We will definitely use them again.  Very nice people.
5	Excellent service, happy animals, loving crew...what more could you ask for in a pet groomers!  We love this place.  Tracy, the owner, is such a great person to work with.  Our cat and dog always look great afterwards, and they are so happy!
5	I LOVE LOVE LOVE Paws Salon. I used to take my dog to Canine Preferred but the ladies at the front dest were flakey, so I thought I'd try a new place and I am SO glad I did. The owner Tracy clearly has a passion for animals. Walking in you are greeted by a cat, dog, and Macaw that call the front of the shop home. You are able to see them grooming the dogs (a big plus for me, you never know what some places do behind closed doors). She is very professional and seems like a no bullshit kind of lady (in a good way). She's to the point, tries to listen to exactly what you want and offers options and suggestions to help. They keep track of the previous cut that was given (it's annoying some places you to have to tell them every time). I would highly recommend this pet salon. They also offer daycare, and overnight boarding. I can't want to try the daycare to socialize my pup some more! Can't go wrong at this salon..
5	Yesterday, my dog Scooby was smelling so "rank" it was making my husband crazy! So, I took her in to Tracy at Paws and she shampooed her with oatmeal shampoo. Scooby came home with a pink bow and smelling like strawberries and cream!  She is huggable again.. Another thing about Paws Salon, when I park out front, Scooby jumps out of the car and runs right in the salon with no leash! Then when it's time to go back into the washroom area, Scooby runs ahead and goes out the back door to play with the other dogs til it's bath time.  There's no dragging & coaxing like at the other places.  When I leave her, she's not cowering in a cage somewhere she's running around meeting new friends.  So I don't feel guilty at all. When I pick her up she's happy and not desperate to leave or anything. Thanks Tracy! You're the best!
5	I can not say enough wonderful things about Paws and about Tracy, the owner. I have been taking my two boxer boys, Oliver and Cooper, here forever and they LOVE it. Literally when they see where we are they dash inside and I have to drag them out at the end of the day. Tracy knows how to handle all of these different animals and there has never been a problem, even with my high energy dogs. We take them to day care regularly and this is where we board them if we go out of town. They always come home happy and exhausted. I love the report cards I get to let me know how they are doing, and Tracy is great about making sure they get meals and medications (if needed). Would definitely recommend this place to anyone!!
2	One of the few times Yelp steered me in the wrong direction.  Not sure how my experience differed so much from everyone else's but... it did.  I dropped my bichon off this morning for a groom and temperament evaluation.  Picked him up a little bit ago and after getting home I see that three of his nails were trimmed so short that he had clearly been bleeding.  Ouch.  Poor little guy!  That is NOT what I expect from a professional groomer - that's what I expect when I do it myself - that's why I take him to the pros!  They claim to have done an evaluation of his temperament but clearly had not - the dog they described was not how my dog acts around other dogs - unless, I guess, they did it after they hurt him while trimming his nails.  We won't be back.
5	I have been bringing my Persian cats to Tracy for grooming for years.  She is patient and always does a good job, even though my older cat is horribly behaved (sorry about the scratches).    Thank you Tracy for always taking such good care of my boys!   It is difficult to keep Persians brushed and bathed, and mine will not cooperate.  If you have the same problem, head for Paws Salon!  A shave every 4 months is well worth the money and makes them happy!
5	I have been using Paws for years now. Always excellent service for my dog and self. Tracy is always good with details and I wouldn't bring Rocky anywhere else. Thank you
5	Tracy and her crew are the absolute best....Gizmo and Gretchen see her every other week and they always look awesome when they are finished...they are so friendly, accommodating and I love this business...A+ all the way!!!
5	Tracy and her staff have done an excellent job grooming my cockapoo and my mother in-law's Maltese for several years. Her prices are reasonable, she keeps notes on her computer regarding your preferences, and she is kind and patient with the dogs.
5	We've enjoyed using the services of Paws Salon for years and have referred family/friends, all with good results. The care and quality they show toward our "best friends"has earned them our trust and they have never disappointed us! Keep up the good work!
5	Finding a Pet Groomer you trust is not easy especially when you have a Rescue pup that is shy and nervous! I found Paws Salon on Yelp since I wanted someone close to my work and right in old town. My dog Mia has been to Paws Salon 3 times now but each experience has been quick and easy and although she's terrified when we arrive, she is perfectly content and happy when I pick her up. Mia doesn't need major grooming since she is a Chihuahua mix so we just do a bath, ear cleaning and toe clipping but Tracy does a great great job! It's a small shop and kinda hidden off 5th avenue but you definitely won't regret leaving your little ones there for a few hours! They have pretty good hours since you can drop off as early as 7:30am!
