5	I was so very happy to find this hotel, I did a little dance once we got in the room. If you need a relatively inexpensive hotel, in Old Montreal, close to everything, that still holds the modern luxuries that grown folk need... this is the place to go. I guess since it's such a hot vacation location, hotels and B&B's find it easy to charge $160 and higher for a simple room. This place will do you right, with closer to $100/night for an AWESOME room with bubble jet and chromatotherapy tubs, room service, FREE FULL BREAKFAST AND COCKTAIL HOUR, a full kitchenette and parking. They have everything you want. I'm sorry for the all caps a la angry Kanye, BUT THIS PLACE IS SO DAMN FANTASTIC AND REASONABLY PRICED EVERYONE SHOULD KNOW ABOUT IT. I'M ABOUT BLOW UP THE INTERNET WITH GOOD REVIEWS!!!! People are friendly, location if fabulous, price is right, what else do you want? I swear you won't regret staying here. If you do, come at me with your comments.
4	Stayed for three nights and this hotel had literally everything we were looking for during our stay in Montreal.The location was perfect as it's right between downtown and Old Montreal.  We did a lot of walking and this was a great spot.Our room was fantastic, literally no complaints.  We enjoyed the free hot breakfast every morning and the staff gave us a lot of free drink tickets for the happy hour each evening.My only complaint would be that they seemed to be having a lot of problems with the elevators while we were there.  Probably just bad timing, but it was a bit annoying to wait 10+ minutes just to get downstairs.
4	This was definitely a nice surprise! I was expecting just a regular hotel, but this was an updated suite! With a kitchen (everything but an oven), a large hall closet, a living room with a pullout couch and complete with an extra office area, a nice bedroom, and a very nice bathroom with a jet tub! The lobby still has a little ways to go before it is the same quality as the rooms themselves, but they are very friendly and offer free wifi in the lobby, plus free drinks & snacks in the restaurant every evening! This is a reasonably priced, yet really nice hotel if you are just looking for somewhere to enjoy after a long day on the town of Montreal!
4	I stayed at this hotel for 5 nights in April, and was very pleased with my experience. I work for an Embassy Suites in Southern CA, so it was interesting to compare the two and evaluate the level of service they provide. I don't have much to complain about except for the wireless internet, which was "supposedly" complimentary in the lobby. However, I had the most difficult time connecting, so I opted to pay the $10/day to connect in my room. Other than that, the room was beautiful, modern, and cozy. I stayed in the queen studio (non-suite), and it was the perfect amount of space for just me. The kitchen was huge, with a full sized fridge and plenty of cabinets for food storage. There's even a dishwasher, although I didn't utilize it at all- but nice little feature I guess. The bathroom was a little on the small side, but I really liked that the tub had jets- perfect for a relaxing bath on an unexpected snowy day. Full cooked to order breakfast is always a treat at any Embassy, as well as the happy hour in the evening. I would come down at the same time same place, every evening, and mix and mingle with other guests (mostly business travelers). Staff was very helpful with directions/ attractions, and provided me with excellent transportation throughout my stay. If you get a chance, ask for the driver Belo. He is very kind and knowledgeable about Montreal and won't overcharge you like some other taxi drivers. Location is great too- just around the corner from Notre Dame, the port, and the metro station. Overall, wonderful stay at Embassy Suites in Montreal!
2	The only reason why THIS hotel gets 2 stars: nice spacious rooms and prime location! The rest is terrible and is enough for me to not return unless I hear of significant improvements from Hilton Honors myself as I filed an official complaint against this particular hotel. The problems are not impossible to resolve. In fact with proper hotel management, this hotel has the potential to outperform all the other chains in the area.What's most frustrating is the service. It appears that not one front desk staff is properly trained. They first messed up with my reservation. I asked for a 2 double beds, they give me a 1 queen. After being passed around the staff like a frigging soccer ball, the matter was finally brought to a manager's attention where I had to reiterate my case over and over until he finally accommodated. THIS hotel throws in a complimentary breakfast for all guests which is a nice touch, but the restaurant was terribly understaffed. Tables were unclean, dishes were piling up everywhere and utensils were dirty. Needless to say the eating experience was not quite pleasant.The night prior to leaving town, I called reception to request a late check out. The evening staff rudely told me to call back the next day because it cannot be done. This, in my mind, is someone who either does not want to be bothered or is not properly trained to do his job. To top it off, my invoice came back with over $50 additional charges. I was not the only guest with billing issues as there were a few people I saw with corrected bills in their hands. When I requested the front desk to amend it, it took a long time to finally get it resolved. During this time, I looked around and it became clear to me that all the problems I encountered throughout my stay at THIS hotel were attributed to extremely poor hotel management. What a shame because its location and prices are one of the best in town, but it's not worth the headache when you're on vacation!!!I would NOT believe that this type of hotel management is meeting Hilton's high standards. It deserves some investigation and definitely improvement all around. To be fair, I would return to THIS Embassy Suites if I hear of significant improvements. Otherwise there are many hotels in the area, particularly the Intercontinental and the Westin that are of the same value.PS: Don't be surprised to find yourself in a suite at any Embassy Suites. It should be expected given the name is Embassy "Suites". The rooms are spacious and overall clean. The huge jet tub was a good feature, just not appealing to me. Who knows if that thing is clean :s ....
4	I stayed for 3 nights this august. The hotel was excellent. The rooms are well-furnished and comfortable. The staff is knowledgeable and friendly. The food in the reastaurant is nothing to write home about but still good. The breakfast was passable for something that you didn't pay for. Just avoid the eggs in the steamer tray and go for the made-to-order line. The city bike rental kiosk is located literally right outside the hotel... like literally less than 5 meters from the front door... that is cheap transportation 24/7... very convienent. All-in-all a great place to stay
4	We really enjoyed the modern suite with sliding doors, well-equipped kitchen, jacuzzi tub, flat panel TVs, and comfortable bed.  Embassy suites are a great deal for space and also the breakfast and manager's special.  breakfast was basic with eggs, bacon, fruits, and baked goods - all that you really need to start your day on the right foot.  the manager's special was only ok though - the red wine was so-so and there were lots of flies in the lobby - kind of annoying.  We would go here again, but maybe skip the manager's special for a local bar at Old Montreal.
5	This hotel is truly the best you can get at an AWESOME price.   I actually switched from Intercontinental because the reviews were so much better!  I was in Montreal for a conference and when talking to other attendees, everyone said the embassy suites was also the best! Embassy Suites are, as the name suggests, SUITES! They are HUGE.  I walked in and realized the place was bigger than some studio apartments in Boston.  Long hallway, and then your very own large kitchen!!! The fridge is TALLER than I am, with 3 shelves for freezer space. There was a sink in the kitchen and a DISHWASHER.  I thought that was funny because you don't have a stove, but you have a dishwasher.  Ha!! There is a large microwave.   The kitchen is laid out so there are chairs in the island area where the sink is, so it feels very much like hanging out in somebody's home.    There is a desk with a deskchair and a small lamp, a small comfy couch chair, a queen size bed and flat screen TV.  The bathroom and closet are also spacious.  I really like the decor of the room as well- above the bed are these paintings that really make the room look like someone's home instead of a hotel room.  The room is clean and the front desk staff is super friendly.  You also get complimentary breakfast!!! AND you get two drink tickets per night during their happy hour night, which is 5:30-7:30pm.  The hotel location is wonderful, right in Old Montreal, next to the convention center.  You are steps away from Chinatown and basically close to everything, and the Metro!My rate was $166 per night for a large suite, prime location, free breakfast and drinks!! How can you beat that???
5	I loved the three nights me and my wife spent at this Embassy Suites.  The room was large and clean, the staff was very friendly, and the location is great.  The bed was one of the most comfortable I have ever slept in.  As with all Embassy Suites, you get free breakfast and drinks.  But the breakfast here was even better than most, with all the usual items along with croissants and chocolate croissants.  The drink reception is also better than other Embassy Suites' because the area in which it is held feels like a real bar, especially if you sit outside.  The free drinks are breakfast are really something to consider when deciding on where to stay in Montreal because food and drinks are so expensive in this part of town, you easily save $50 a day by taking advantage of these features.Finally, there is a Bixi stand right outside the hotel.  The Bixi system is awesome (see my review on that), and locations are everywhere, but it is especially nice to be able to rent and return bikes ten steps from the front door of the hotel.
4	Stay here instead of somewhere more expensive.  Seriously.If you are looking for a good home base during a visit to Montreal, the Embassy Suites may be your best option.The hotel is located across the street from the Metro, with Place d'Armes and the Cathedral of Notre Dame right around the block.  Vieux Montreal, with its cobblestone streets and restaurants and shops, is only a short walk away.  And the walk is very pleasant (if a bit uphill).The rooms are clean and well-equipped.  Plenty of space to spread out, with comfortable beds and decent kitchenettes.  The hotel strikes a good balance:  It has the amenities that I appreciate at cheaper or more family-oriented hotels -- such as the refrigerator, kitchen, and sofabed -- while still maintaining the high-level of service and, well, fanciness that I enjoy from a more upscale place.The service is top-notch.  Attentive and friendly, but no so attentive that you feel like you are being watched.  The dining area offers a view of the street that is great for people-watching, including some outdoor cafe-style seating.  The complimentary breakfast is crowded and chaotic, but that's how complimentary breakfast is.  People on vacation carry two plates with 40 pieces of bacon back to their tables while trying to balance four cups of artificial orange juice in the crooks of their arms.  With that said, the food here is better than at other Embassy Suites, and the dining area is a bit roomier, which eases the congestion.  Breakfast here was actually pleasant.  That's not the case at many other Embassy Suites hotels.The complimentary drinks (the manager's reception) in the evening is the icing on the cake.  It was great to relax with a (free) drink in the dining area after a day walking the sights.  It was even better to grab a (free) drink in the dining area while waiting for my wife to get ready for dinner.If there is one downside, it's that the elevators are overworked.  There are too many guests with too few elevators, so the wait to get upstairs or downstairs can be of excess of 5 minutes during the busy times in the late morning or early evening.  That's a venial sin considering the good experience and the value that this hotel offers.  I would stay here again in a heartbeat; it's a great hotel.
4	I have never had a nicer room anywhere. This place was amazing-convenient to everything also. Highly recommend a stay here.  Great outside patio setup for happy hour and breakfast. Room was incredible with huge fridge, fireplace and tub for 2!!! not a jacuzzi tub for 1 that 2 could squeeze into-but room for 2!! wow.
3	Perhaps my love of Montreal prevents me from raving about this hotel; It's a perfectly nice example of an Embassy Suites in many respects.  I've stayed here several times and have never regretted doing so...it's just that the antiseptic sameness of the place strikes a discordant note to my Montreal expectation matrix.This Embassy Suites has an interesting duality going on; the rooms are some of the nicest in any of the chain but the breakfast and to some extent the staff, are below the standard I've come to expect.  Location is great  - gateway to old Montreal and proximity to the Metro.  This strikes me as a great base of operations for a family vacation to Montreal as opposed to a business hotel.  The rooms range from spacious to massive.  They are well-designed, functional and make excellent use of space.  The beds are very comfortable and the housekeeping standard is excellent.The staff is friendly enough, but somewhat lacking in the helpful department.  Not complaint worthy - just enough to notice having to ask a lot of follow up questions.  There is a free breakfast and cocktail reception as is the custom in the chain.  Others have provided positive comments but I must respectfully disagree.  I found the quality of the food to be sub-standard.  Why on earth would you serve a frozen paste bagel when either Fairmount or St. Viateur can supply you with fresh at the same price? Sorry - it had to be said!  There is also a decided school cafeteria vibe to the set up.If you are able to score a room at a bargain price you'll be quite pleased - especially compared to some of the other properties that appear on the "Surprise! You're staying here." bargain hotel sites.
4	Although I rarely stay at Embassy Suites, this hotel is making me a fan. The room was HUGE with a jacuzzi tub in the bathroom and a nearly complete kitchen. While in a sort of business area, it is just a few blocks from Old Town. The staff was very knowledgeable and went out of their way to help. Gratis happy hour bar and snacks and cooked-to-order breakfast was very welcome. Would definitely stay there again.
3	really nice hotel with great rooms.it would be four stars except for the bartender who a. didn't know what a negroni was and b. only realized there was no compari after the gin and vermouth was prepared.
5	Love this spot!!! The location is great because it's in the middle of all of the Montreal happenings (Old City, Downtown, Shopping, etc.) and the building itself is swank. Jacuzzi tubs, flat screens, full kitchen, the works!!! Even the free breakfast and manager's happy hour was great.
4	Very nice rooms.  The nicest Embassy Suites rooms I've ever been in.  It had a great location, easy walking to old town Montreal, close to the subway, close to China Town, plus all of the normal Embassy Suites extra's.  The staff was very friendly and very helpful.   I'd go there anytime. I was a wonderful experience. Parking extra.
4	My wife and I came to Montreal for a weekend and were very impressed with the Embassy Suites.  When we checked in we were upgraded to a king suite, and the suite was better than our hotel back home.  The carpet could have used a good deep cleaning, and the view kind of sucked, but the huge whirlpool tub and spacious everything more than made up for it.The servers at the happy hour were also awesome.  Even when we ran out of our complimentary drink tickets they were happy to get us an extra drink or two, and when I accidentally knocked my drink over, they were quick to respond with a mop in one hand and a replacement drink in the other.The location was also pretty solid, walking distance from St. Catherine's, plateau neighborhood (a bit longer), and just about 2 blocks from the Notre-Dame basilica and the rest of old downtown.
4	Nice place to stay.  It's not fancy but a good value.  The room was spacious, more like a condo.  It had a full kitchen, although you had to ask for the dishes, living room and separate bedroom.  The bathroom was very large with a soaking tub and shower, quite clean.  The beds were full sized so hard to fit 2 adults in one bed.  We booked 2 room knowing this.  There was supposed to be wifi but we didn't get any in our room, not sure if being in the corner of the building mattered.  There didn't seem to be wifi in the lobby either.The location was great!  It was a short walk to Old Town.  The breakfast was a good variety of things.  We didn't go hungry.  I would come here again.
5	service was excellent.  Staff was attentive, flexible and professional.  My room was clean and comfortable.  They provide complimentary breakfast and happy-hour which made it even a better deal
4	came into town after a one week cruise from boston.  The room was not ready at 10:30 am, but the hotel stored our bags and we checked in at 2:00 pm.  Very large, clean rooms with jacuzzi tubs and kitchens. Great location and excellent value for the price.    I booked thru expedia and paid $150.   Price included complimentary happy hour and breakfast.   Taxi from cruise terminal is about $15 dollars, to the airport $45.
5	There is no better place to stay in Montreal for the price.  First, the staff is very friendly and helpful.  They appear to enjoy their jobs and working with people.  Second, the rooms are clean, large and there is a decent selection of english/french chanels.  Third, the manager's happy hour is excellent.  This is the only Embassy Suites I have stayed where there are servers and very nice people who take your drink order.  There is a coupon system, but that is required by Montreal.  Generally, they don't take coupons for soft drinks.  The snack food is good.  The bartenders are wonderful!  Fourth, sometimes our group does not want to go out for dinner, so we eat at the hotel.  The food is excellent.  It is not fancy, but it is filling and has a high quality which for me, is perfect.  Going on business for more than a week, sometimes I want a nice salad, chicken meal, burger or steak.  The quality of the food is great.  The location is good - you can walk to the old town or downtown/Victoria Square.  Fifth, the breakfast is very good.  My only recommendation to the hotel would be to have more gluten free food (my son has celiac) or a heating surface that does not cook pancakes as well as eggs/bacon, etc.  The internet could be an issue, and the problem could be specific to my personal laptop.  You have to call the reception to give them your IP address in order to access the internet.  They are moving to a new system, but I was at the hotel in April 2012 and the problem/issue persists.  However, if your laptop can find an IP address that starts with 10, then you won't have an issue - after you call the reception.
4	Great hotel. The rooms are super clean, there's water in the fridge, and the gym is decent. My only critique is that you have to refresh the Internet connection every 24 hours (and must pay $10 bucks per device - iPhone included), the breakfast is not very good (unless you get it made to order), and they left my previous nights room service tray outside my door until the next afternoon. Besides that, everything else was fantastic. The location is convenient, service attentive, and overall experience pleasant.
2	Well what a surprise I got booking into THIS Hilton. What a dump. It's no wonder this is a 3 star establishment. The rooms are ok, if you don't care for the amenities listed. Free wireless internet costs 10 dollars a day! No safe in the rooms and no special features found in other Hiltons.Granted it was the only Hilton in Montreal I could find that has smoking rooms! Where are smokers rights with this hotel chain? Very disappointing.The lights and plugs take half an hour to figure out. They flicker to different levels of brightness, which we still haven't estimated why? One minute the closet area light was so dim I couldn't see my hand in front of my face and the next it was a blazing achievement of light unleashed. ????The "complimentary" coffee was one coffee bag but it had two cups. Which were paper. Nothing to stir it with, no napkins and no "kitchen" utensils etc even though they have a full kitchen, complete with a dishwasher. What was supposed to go in there, I surely don't know. Maybe your dog, for a quick wash?They say that Ottawa streets roll up pretty early but after 7:30 Old Montreal was all but dead, devoid of people and closed. All you see down there is chi-chi shops and restaurants. Very few shops and by the time we were finished dinner they were closed too.Wont be staying here again and it's only 8:30 of the first night.Also it is NOT handicap accessible except for some rooms that come with bars.The parking is a nightmare and there are no handicap spots available.
3	So these chain hotels in and near the Old Port get the job down as they provide a nice clean bed and are a roof over the head and are usually way less expensive than the boutique hotels. But, with that being said, they have no character whatsoever. I wake up and I could be in Gary, Indiana not the beautiful city of Montreal.The staff is super friendly, the rooms are spacious, the bed comfortable. The king suite had a huge kitchen and dining area which would makes it perfect for sharing as well as entertaining. The bathroom had a ginormous whirlpool yet a small shower which was weird but other than that, no complaints.The complimentary breakfast was intense: a bit chaotic and unorganized. I'd recommend picking up some fresh fruit and forgo the rest unless you're looking to save money.Overall, a solid option but definitely not the best.
3	I am usually big fan of embassy suites hotels. I visited this hotel with a convention group. Let's just say this hotel was not prepared for the 3000 women in my convention. The hotel suite it's self was top notch. We had a remodeled kitchen with a huge jacuzzi tub in the bathroom.  My only disappointment that with such a nice kitchen there was no kitchen wares. No forks, no plates, NOTHING!  Why have a nice kitchen in the room and not include these things? The service in the hotel restaurant was lacking. They were really not prepared for so many demanding women. Included in our room rate was a nightly manager's reception where everyone was given 2 free drink tickets. I think they will re-think this next time. This manager's reception completely overloaded the staff. I wasn't please that when I checked into the hotel they put a hold on my credit card for the full room rate for my stay + an additional couple of hundred bucks for incidentals. I'm writing this review 3 days from when I left the hotel and that hold has still not been taken off my credit card. On a normal visit this hotel would probably have been top notch. With my large convention group, I'm going give an average rating.
5	My new favourite hotel in Montreal.Rooms are massive; you get a living room, a kitchen (full fridge, stove, dishwasher, and microwave), a giant bathroom, and a bedroom. Kitchen has no cutlery/plates/etc but you can request them by calling downstairs. If you're lucky your suite will have a giant jacuzzi (i'm 6'2" and i fit in like a glove).I was here as part of a group so internet was included for free (pro-tip: it's always free in the lobby).  As someone who travels a lot the internet was good: it was stable and had adequate signal throughout the suite.  Anyone who expects speedy/cheap internet in a hotel is naive (or hasn't done much travelling). I got strong LTE signal (Rogers) on my phone, so could have tethered too.Each room night comes with a free drink and complimentary breakfast, alas sleep came over food so i didn't get to try out the breakfast, and didn't care about the drink. Parking is $23/night and includes unlimited in/out privileges: it's a small lot so you might need to park at the convention centre down the street if you're in big SUV (or suck at driving in tight spaces).THE WINDOWS ACTUALLY OPEN.  Sorry for caps-lock but so many hotels are so concerned about people jumping that they bolt all the windows shut.  My co-worker had a smoking room and was shocked to find the ability to open the window.  The non-smoking rooms have newer/nicer furniture than the smoking ones (and obviously don't reek of smoke).Only downside is that none of the rooms have a view (unless you count construction and other room windows as a view). Also there are only two elevators that are sometimes so slow they feel like they're being hand-cranked. No free water bottles either.
1	The place is the pits.  The suite has a full kitchen but no plates, glasses, silverware or anything else you would find in a kitchen.  If you need a spoon or a glass, you must call the front desk.  After it is used, it is removed and not replaced.  The suite has two tv's but only one remote.  If you want to change the channel in the bedroom you must go to the living room to do so.  The bathroom has a dressing table with a mirror, stool and hair dryer but no outlet to plug it in.  There is a huge jacuzzi but the shower is the size of a postage stamp.  We stayed here because I am a Hilton Honors member but despite that, they want $10 a day for wi-fi.  Our room overlooked a massive construction site, which fortunately was closed for the weekend.  The decor is dreadful.  Everyone sits in the lobby which is the only place there is free wi-fi.  It looks like a homeless shelter because of this, 20 people crammed on 4 sofas trying to get on line.  We will never stay there again.  It makes me question Hilton Honors.  I can't wait for the Residence Inn to re-open.  That place is heaven compared to this.
4	Friendly staff, rooms are nice and the hotel is in a good location.  IN addition, their manager's special every evening is a nice treat along with the full breakfast in the morning.  Gotta love the Embassy Suites!
5	From the moment we walked through the doors we knew we made the right decision.  Their located right next to Old Montreal and the convention center so this location was perfect for us.  We were warmly greeted, they went out of their way to offer us assistance to included even the use of umbrellas as rain had moved in for the day.  The place is very clean and well maintained.  Our room was very large and we enjoyed the kitchen and sitting area.  The bathroom was well stocked, clean and we loved the jacuzzi tub as a great way to relax after a long day of walking about and touring.  The nightly free drinks and finger food was great and each morning we enjoyed a nice hot free breakfast buffet.  Everything this location offers makes it well worth the price they ask.  The only thing we thought needed attention was what we considered poor attitudes of the morning breakfast wait staff and manager who would never speak to you.  The chef making the omelets was awesome and funny.  They held our luggage too the day of our departure as we had a late flight which was great so we could enjoy another day exploring.  We'll be staying at this location our next visit to Montreal.  If you're a gold level rewards member you get free wifi and upgrades plus other perks making it even more worth what they charge.
2	I had dinner there on a weekday where the hostess, waitress and bus "boy" is the same person and the service reflects this.  I ordered a glass of wine and watched this person across the room pour me the last of what was in the bottle and apparently was too much work to open another bottle.  I kindly asked for a bit more and she said the amount was normal showing three fingers knowing very well it wasn't looking at the glasses of other customers.  I then asked for a glass of water toward the end of my meal and then watched her do ten other things (take orders from other tables, etc.) before I got it.  A very disappointing experience that ruined my meal which was actually pretty good.
5	Up till now, my experience at ES has been spotty - few and far between, as well as "not that great".  Their ersatz 'decor' at a couple of properties especially turned me off. It is easily among the 1 or 2 brands in the Hilton family that we frequent the least.But this place in Montreal is pretty jaw-to-the-floor gorgeous.  (Where are my pictures?)  As a suite, it is palatial by the standard of any large-city hotel in the downtown area.  The granite top may or may not be real, but coupled with a low-key but classy look in the entire suite, accentuated by romantic halogen hanging lights, it's a great place to call home the first couple of days we spent in Montreal skiing.  The bed was comfortable, and the bathroom appointments classy.  Ours had a jacuzzi tub that we did not hesitate to use, carbon footprint be damned.  The breakfast, while not stocked with smoked salmon or eggs Benedict, was a cut above even the best Homewood Suite, let alone Hampton.  They have an evening reception, with some snacks like potato chips, chips and salsa, and plenty of fresh veg as crudite (which I LOVE, since I often don't get to "veg out" when I travel).  They give you drink coupons, and it's table-service for drinks with a self help snack buffet.  I'm not sure if everyone gets 4 tix or we get extras because I'm HHonors Gold, but even at 2, it's pretty generous, since it includes a few choices of mixed drinks in addition to wine a few beer choices (none terribly exciting despite the claim to IPA-dom).  One night, we just decided to eat dinner as well, seeing how wine is gratis!  The workout room is on the small side, but it worked well.  The morning we checked out, the lifts were not working.  We had to walk up to the 10th floor.  Thankfully, it got fixed after about 2 hours, and we didn't have to lug our luggage down in the stairwell.  I would recommend this hotel highly if you're able to get in at a reasonable rate.  We moved to the Bonaventure, but I would gladly have moved back here after just one night there, but the rate had ballooned by 95% on those nights.
3	I always enjoy staying at Embassy Suites because I get Hilton points, free house drinks every night and a free breakfast every morning.  Like all hotels, this Embassy Suites has some pros and cons.  The good:1. Location.  On the outskirts of the Old Port, and next to Place d'arms metro stop, this hotel is in a prime location for any tourist or business worker whose offices are located in the neighboring business district.2. Rooms.  Always clean and spacious.  The bad:1. Internet.  It is not free, costs $10 per day outside of the lobby for non-Gold or Diamond Hilton members.2. Breakfast and Happy Hour.  Seating is very limited, so even if it's free, good luck getting it when busy.3. Elevators.  They are not sized for the volume of use within the hotel.  On more than one occasion we waited in line for access. Overall, I would stay here again and I would recommend it to others.
4	Nice hotel situated in a great area close to downtown and old Montreal. Friendly staff and very comfy rooms. My only small complaint is staff are slow in the morning to keep breakfast area clean after people finish reading and replenish items. Other then that minor issue very nice place to stay for a fair price.
5	Had a wonderful three night stay for Heavy Montreal 2014. I'm a Diamond Hilton Honors member and was welcomed with an upgrade to their massive presidential suite, free breakfast coupons, and many free drink coupons. I didn't get to use the amenities, but the cooked to order breakfast was really a highlight.The room itself was well appointed. The kitchen was clean and stocked with cookware. We had to request plates and silverware. The bathroom was huge! We enjoyed the stand shower as well as the deep spa tub massage and bubble jets. There was a fireplace in both the bedroom and living room. Spacious sitting area in the bedroom and also a huge dining room.I would definitely stay here again because of the fabulous room upgrade and Diamond treatment. I've previously stayed at the Hilton Bonaventure down the street.
1	My partner and I stayed here while on business.   The hotel lost AC (complete hotel) for more than 24 hrs.  At time of departure it was still not back up.  The room temperature were 26C (79F) and it did not get fixed through the night.   Hotel Management recommendation was to open windows, so ended up still not able to sleep with still a hot room, full of bugs and hearing everything that was going on through night including the car alarm at 3am.After voicing complaint to hotel management, they did not care even though it says on  a sign in front "we will make it right".   Stay away from this hotel!
5	We loved this hotel and wish we had stayed longer in Montreal. The visit and this hotel was very pleasant. We were surprised by how spacious the room was. It even had its own dishwasher, fridge, etc. The bathroom was large and wheelchair accessible. Very clean.The staff were all so nice. When our friends came by late at night they were nice and welcoming and even delivered cups to our room. Other hotels around the area seem to have a problem w/ guests visiting. The location was perfect as it was close to old Montreal and the metro. We are definitely staying here again the next time we visit ! The parking wasn't free ($22-26 a night) and I don't think the internet was either. We received vouchers for free breakfast and 2 free drinks (real drinks lol) from 5-7pm daily.
