4	I had the opportunity to try Kate's mini cupcakes at the Relief for Japan Bakesale (yelp sponsored event).I've never really had mini cupcakes from a cupcake place before because most shops in lv don't normally offer them. However, they are absolutely great because of multiple reasons. 1- if you are an indicisive person you can pick a few or even a dozen rather than buying 1 or 2 normal sized cupcakes. 2- if you are trying to watch what you eat you won't have to feel as guilty about eating a mini sized one. 3- the minis are can be consumed in 1 bite which is great for snaking compared to thinking of it as an actual dessert.chocolate cupcake- from what I tasted, it was a butter cream frosting and chocolate cake filled with chocolate ganache. I am normally not a fun of chocolate cupcakes, but this one had a good balance between the 3 elements. Normally chocolate cupcakes make me feel like it's chocolate overload, but since it was a mini sized it was perfect.   Kate is super nice and as I was chatting wtih her we both share the same ideas of what goes into a prefect cupcake. To top it off, she sells her cupcakes for only $2, which is the cheapest I've found for gourmet cupcakes.
5	best cupcakes in town
5	Kate supplied us with 65 or so various mini-cupakes for an in-suite reception at a major hotel on the Strip.  They were a huge hit, everyone loved them.  Kate delivered them right to us at the hotel, despite midday Las Vegas traffic on a Saturday, and her prices can't be beat.
5	Cupkates hosted my daughters 6th birthday at home my this past weekend.  The theme of the party was as a princess tea party.  Complete with beautiful dresses, hair do done, traditional china on the table that was decorated to the hilt.  Kate and her team took care of EVERYTHING.  I did not have to purchase anything else for the party.  I can not recommend her enough as this was the best for my daughter thus so far and the easiest event I have ever had.
5	We LOVE CupKates - I am in the middle of the move and as a wonderful surprise - I was delivered a box of cupcakes by CupKates. One of the people helping me to move works in the wedding industry and wants to recommend CupKates - the other person works in retail and event planning and also wants to recommend CupKates. We all agree the cupcakes were light, fluffy without being too overpowering or TOO sweet.  Yummy, delicious, incredible, delightful are just a few of the adjectives I can use to describe this treat. Thank you!!!
5	My husband brought me a box of the Cupkates from farmers market today! They are incredible, so fresh and delicious. Half of the box was gone immediately after opening!!! The chocolate ones are to die for!
5	So much love for Cupkates, we have used them for our son's birthday party and just for fun! Delicious, super cute & just the right size!
5	Had a craving for cupcakes and was bored with the usual local places. I did a yelp search and luckily Cupkates showed up with great reviews.  I LOVE cupcakes that I make at home and most places taste very mass-produced and stale. NOT CUPKATES!! They are located in the somewhat new Tivoli VIllage (which is awesome, btw) inside the Marketplace. Its kind of hard to find since they are not listed on the location map for the Village itself and I had to call to get directions. The shop is so cute and you can tell its very personal to the owners by how much care they put into the decor.  The gentleman behind the counter offered us a sample (I had the pumpkin and my husband tried the caramel) and I knew instantly that I was going to love it when I removed the wrapper and the cake was so moist. These mini cupcakes had MAJOR flavor!! I'm not sure if they have regular sized cupcakes since all that was displayed were 12-packs of assorted mini's. We bought 2 12-packs and I'm not even ashamed to admit that my husband and I ate them all the minute we got home. I am so glad that we went a little out of our way to find this place. We will absolutely be going back.
5	I had bought some of Cupkates mini cupcakes. They were in holiday flavors like red velvet,  gingerbread, creme brulee etc. The little cupcakes were decorated with individual designs of glitter, gingerbread men, and hearts. They looked adorable and tasted yummy! The cupcakes were soft and were just the right amount of sweetness!
4	Their cupcakes are good and they have cute stuff for kids. I checked in and got a deal on the cupcakes =)They also host little tea parties for little girls which I thought was cool. When my little one gets older, I plan on having a party for her there. They have little aprons and these cute shoes for little girls. If you like that kinda stuff check them out!
4	Wandered the Market LV at Tivoli last night...stumbled upon a sweet shop with an adorable little tea party set up. If you don't have a little girl, it'll make you want one, or want to be one. Well, I decided an easier way to partake would be to bring home some sweet treats for breakfast. They sell mini cupcakes by the dozen for $12. They are very pretty. They are glittery and topped with drizzles and wee hearts. So precious. In addition, they are delightful. Fluffy, creamy, sweet....yum. So far, I've tried snickerdoodle, caramel, and chocolate. All good - I liked the snickerdoodle best. This sweet little clamshell of 12 goodies would be a nice surprise for any birthday boy or girl, hostess, or a hospital patient! I'll def return when I'm in need!
5	Cupkates is such a great addition to Tivoli Village.  It is located on the 2nd floor of The Market and once you spot it, you will wish you were a little girl so that you can have your own tea party there. (Seriously, even some of the dads were jealous). My daughter was invited to a 5 year old's birthday party there for 10 girls.  Once my daughter saw the place, her eyes lit up... A REAL princess tea party with real tea cups and everything.  Kate, the owner, was the one entertaining the excited little girls and she did an amazing job.  One of the girls was actually acting a little bratty, and I overheard Kate kindly say "princesses act like this...", and who doesn't want to be a princess???Before they sat down for their tea party, they each dressed up in a beautiful princess dress and chose a hat to wear from the wall.  Then they got in a line behind Kate and walked around the second floor waving their princess waves while the parents snapped photos of the entourage.  Then, when they returned they sat around the table and did a craft.  They had lunch, and concluded the party with cake.  (At this time, the parents had their own little break to enjoy a glass of wine and adult convo at The View Wine Bar  & Kitchen across the way). We joined the girls in time to sing happy birthday and after they ate their cake, Kate sprinkled "fairy dust" on all of them.  They had a blast.  When I checked in on Yelp, I noticed a yelp deal for a dozen cupcakes so I took advantage of it.  Not only does Kate throw an awesome party, she makes awesome cupcakes as well.  The dozen mini cupcakes came in 6 different flavors and every single one of them were delicious.  I should know, because I ate half of the box last night.  I can't wait to return!!
4	Kate to the rescue! With only one day notice, Kate took my order of 25 cupcakes for my Birthday get together.  She suggested glittery rose shaped icing in different shades of pink on top of either chocolate, vanilla bean or s'mores cupcakes.  What a vision!  Cannot wait to pick them up tomorrow night.
4	Great cupcakes. Moist and perfectly sweetened. Great flavors too. Treat yourself to some outstanding cupcakes today, especially if you are only familiar with grocery store ones. You'll never go back after this.
5	I had a last minute order, and they were able to fill the order! And were super cute and delicious!!!!!
5	LOVE Cupkates!It's a hidden gem inside the Market LV at Tivoli Village, just above Brio Tuscan Grille. I'm a huge cupcake nut and have tried many places around town. By far, Cupkates has the best tasting cupcakes in Vegas. The butter cream frosting is to die for and cake is always the moist and light. I've had the  mini cupcakes which I will warn you: they are small, so it's easy to just keep popping them like bon bons. Before you know it, you've downed a whole dozen. And then I also placed a special order for my wedding open house. Kate does a great shabby chic setup with chandeliers and teacups.  Honestly, most people had to have at least two cupcakes, caught some packing away up to five. Price point beats out any competition and the taste blows them away. Kate is super great to work with and very accommodating.
5	Delicious cupcakes for a great price. They were the perfect bite size, and super cute to boot.
5	cute little store. was expecting more of a cupcake store but it has tons of little trinkets and girly stuff that's fun to look at & buy!
4	I wasn't too sure about this place but ordered cupcakes from here solely because of the reviews. Let me tell you, I was pleasantly surprised. I didn't call in my order in time to make a custom order so I had to go with the "flavors of the day". The flavor I wasn't excited about (lemon cello) actually turned out to be very delicious. The cupcakes were good. I would definitely call this a cute little  "hidden gem" as they say. The mini cupcakes are so tiny though. I can eat 10 of them in one bite!
4	Yelp pointed me to Cupkates, and I bought two dozens of mini cupcakes for a friend who is now in a better place.  He loved the cupcakes and put a smile on his face.  The mini cupcakes were beautifully decorated and actually tasted very moist and delicious. Kate was also very nice.  Her little store at the Tivoli Village was beautifully decorated.  I would definitely shop from Cupkates again and not only for sentimental values.
4	I first tried these cupcakes as a gift from my brother. He got me an assorted collection of mini mini cupcakes, so I got to try them all! I first tried the red velvet since it is my ultimate flavor and it was really good! It nailed the red velvet flavor and while some are a fan of the chocolate chips sometimes found in red velvet I was happy to find none. There chocolate cupcake was really great in that portion, if it had been bigger I don't think I would have been able to finish it all. All their vanilla cakes are really good too, I wasn't a fan of the pumpkin spice but that just because I don't enjoy pumpkin. The collection of mini cupcakes is a great gift too. Totally acceptable any time for any occasion I think.
4	This is for their downtown LV location at the Container Park.went 1/9/13 & got to try a free sample of a red velvet cupcakethe cupcake was small but packed a lot of flavor! the icing didn't over power the red velvet & instead complimented it. It was soft and just awesome!
1	Items selected:Red Velvet - red velvet cake, cream cheese frostingVanilla Bean - vanilla cake, vanilla buttercreamSnickerdoodle - cinnamon cake, vanilla cinnamon buttercreamChocolate Lab - chocolate cake, chocolate buttercreamCoco Cream - chocolate cake, vanilla buttercreamSticky Fingers - caramel cake with white frosting, caramel drizzleNever ashamed to admit my fondness for cupcakes as a sort of dessert sampler or 'tasting menu' and happy to see the 'fad' still going strong despite yearly talk of their imminent demise it was with high hopes that I stopped by cutesy Cupkates by Kate at Tivoli Village late Saturday evening only to be met with resounding disappointment on all fronts.  Obviously not the shop's target audience as I'm neither female nor five and certainly not content to be condescended to by the tiny male attendant who refused to sell me a half dozen - one of each flavor - because they only had two dozen left in the store it was begrudgingly that the little fella even broke conversation with another mall employee to accept a Yelp! check-in lowering the $12 dozen to $10, and taking the small plastic clamshell downstairs to enjoy the frustration continued with each bland bite...the saving grace an impressive "sticky fingers" harkening a moist tres leches cake, though certainly not on par with that at Drago Sisters.  First taking into account the obscure location plus a layout suggesting a clothing boutique rather than a bakery and then tacking on limited selection, disinterested service, and $1 selections the size of a Ping-Pong ball I really can't think of a single reason why anyone would visit this store when so many superior options exist nearby...a sentiment I generalize to Tivoli Village as a whole thus far, though Echo & Rig remains on the short list.
5	They were really tasty!i loved how moist they were and the cream cheese frosting was amazing! I wish she was closer to my house :( other than that I love them!!!snickerdoodle is the best!!!!:)
2	I try cupcake shops everywhere I go and was excited to stop here. They're located inside a fantastic building with other quaint little shops surrounding it. We picked up  a dozen minis ( that's all they sell at this location) of pre selected pre packaged flavors. There were 2 each of six different flavors cupcakes in the package  .... But it might as well have been 3 flavors! Unless you have a chocolate or red Velvet all the cake is the same! Boringgggggggg! The Snickerdoodle, birthday and vanilla all taste the same the only difference is the sprinkles on top. Such a disappointment . I will say they were very moist which is why I gave 2 stars instead of 1.
2	Was really disappointed to find out that this isn't a bakery and is just a boutique (the bakery is downtown). The only thing I could buy was a package of mini-cupcakes. Ugh. They're not in a temperature-controlled environment, so the frosting is like liquid. Kinda gross. And the cupcakes themselves? Go somewhere else. The only one I liked was the caramel cupcake. Not worth the $10.
5	The mini cupcakes which I devoured were so delicious! I enjoyed every single one. Next time I try cupkates I will go to the container Park location so I can try some more flavors! Truly delicious!
1	This isn't a full cupcake shop. It's a little boutique that sells what seem to be little dresses or something. We've gone there twice and both times they were out of the cupcakes that must be brought in from the actual store. I can't comment on the cupcakes because I've never eaten them obviously. My advice...call ahead or go to an actual bakery.
5	These cupcakes are perfect. The red velvet is my favorite. The owner is very nice as well.  This place is a must stop when I am Las Vegas. My mouth is watering just thinking about it. Also so glad they are mini cakes so I can try more then one flavor without overdoing my sugar intake.
1	I was craving for cupcakes and decided to try Cupkates after reading several reviews on yelp. When I went to pick them up at the rampart store I was surprised to discover that this particular store is not a bakery. There were no cupcakes in a case to choose from, just my order that I had placed the day prior. The cupcakes were by the cashier not refrigerated. I took my 12 mini cupcakes home and upon first taste realized these are no better than a box mix or cupcakes you buy from a grocery store. Over priced and nothing special. The 6 different flavors I ordered all taste relatively similar. Very cutely decorated but they certainly lack taste. Very cute shop but if a gourmet cupcake is what you are after this is not the place for you. I recommend looking elsewhere or buying a cake mix for a fraction of the cost and you will get the same result as if you buy from cupkate.
