4	I once bought a 7 lb. cow heart at Woodman's.  Everything you could want in a grocery store.  Plus cheap liquor.  Loses a star for having noisy tile, being absolute gigantic (trying getting from frozen foods to produce sometime - you'll know how Shackleton felt) and having really shitty produce.
5	The midwest is the land of plenty.  Allow me to introduce you to it's grocery store. About 5x bigger than your biggest Safeway "Marketplace". (ha! what a joke.)  For example, where Safeway may have, say, three brands of canned olives, Woodman's will have 10 or 20, and many of them will be local Wisconsin mom-and-pop suppliers.  Really shitty produce is just symptomatic of the midwest, but you can get that 7 lb. beef heart.  Can you pick up one of those at TJ's eh???
4	There are few things that are in the UW Graduate Student Handbook.1. Academic performance is vital.2. UW Student Union is a must.3. Grocers are in tiers, from most expensive to cheapest it goes Brennans, Whole Foods, Sentry, Trader Joes, Copps and Woodmans.So when I came here I thought well... Woodmans is at the bottom in terms of quality.NOT TRUE.Their selection of pretty much everything, from mild sharp red blue cheese to layered potato salty chips from Indonesia (ok, I have no idea what these things are), they have everything.  And I WILL admit that 4 years ago, their produce selection was a big meager.  That has since changed, and seriously, this is DEFINITELY a one stop shop.  Especially given the store hours (24 hours, at least in the west side), and it's FANTASTIC to go there at 2am, buy a brownie mix box, and eat freshly baked brownies at 3:30am.Also they have delivery, in the sense that you leave your cart, go pick up your car, drive up and they transfer your groceries to the car.. NOW THAT'S SERVICE!!!I only wish it was closer (to downtown).. But eh, it's only 14 mins away...Two downfalls.  They DON"T take credit cards (come on 2007 anyone) and their liquor store is detatched, so you have to pay for your groceries, THEN buy your alcohol.
3	Woodman's is great, huge selection of stuff you wouldn't have a chance of finding at Copps. Prices are the lowest in town, even in the liquor store.However, their produce kind of sucks. Not always fresh. Also, I go shopping late at night when they're doing restocking. I see piles and piles of boxes of frozen food sitting in the aisles waiting to be put away. They sit there for a while and feel awfully NOT cold to the touch, so there's that.
4	"Madison's Food Emporium."Everyone has been to grocery stores. There's not too much to write, except that it's humongous, newer looking and offers the most selection of food and related goods that I have ever seen.Clappers:* Cheap:  As a father and a husband, I need to shop for a lot of groceries on a weekly basis. I do not recall the last time I spent over $85 here; absolutely amazing. * Extensive: It's the Noah's Ark of grocers -- if its made -- it carries it (including beer and liquor)!* Clean and Newish: These supermarkets are often run down and your practically tripping over the sawdust over a year-old up-chuck of one of their samples.  Bummers: * No credit cards: They have to keep prices down. Credit card companies charge a % per purchase. There are decent work-arounds including cash, debit (and checks I think). * Lack of help: you can walk for miles before seeing a stock clerk. When you line-up to check out, the lines wrap (most frequently). Bottom line: At the expense of your time and inability to charge, you can shop in a massive, tidy and inexpensive grocer.
3	Oh my, this place is huge. The main entrance has the "pick up section," and totally reminds me of an airport arrival scene. So in this gigantic store, they have everything!! Big selection of produce, meat, dairy, you name it - except garbanzo bean ... I don't know why my friend and I couldn't find it that night. We weren't even drunk. The prices of goods are cheap, too. I bought almost lifetime supply of paper towel for only $6.99. Yeay.Aside from Woodman's huge selection on everything and prices being very cheap, I don't have too much to say. Oh wait! It's 24 hours open! That sounds convenient for grad students when they come home from their office late knowing that the fridge is nearly empty. I felt like it's a good Madison experience.
4	Woodman's is a scary place the first few times you go there.  It's *massive*, there's no apparent (or at least logical) flow to it, it's always full of people no matter when you go, and said people all know where they're going and WILL run you down with their big carts.That said, if you can get past the initial shock and anxiety of going on a Woodman's shopping trip, your wallet and stomach will thank you for the effort.  This place has the best prices of any grocery store I've ever visited.  Plus, since it is so big, it has almost every product imaginable.  Want something called "Grass Jelly Drink" in a can?  Done.  Oh, wait.  You don't like this brand of Grass Jelly Drink?  You like the other kind?  DONE.  And yes, I am serious.  The liquor store is beyond anything I've ever experienced.  It's HUGE.  They have everything, particularly in the way of wine.Remember to bring cash, checks, or your ATM/Debit card with you.  No credit cards! I love Woodman's, and yet, I dread going every single time.  I hate the friggin' parking lot, I hate the long lines that stretch all the way back to a horizontal through-aisle, I hate the way the aisles are always packed with 6 carts in the middle all at the same time, I hate the way customers walk around in a daze whilst crashing into other customers..... but still, I go.  Cheap prices and major selection, baby, that's what it's all about.
5	This is my favorite grocery store in the whole world.  I am still looking for it's equal anywhere.Huge selection of everything, and my favorite (non-farmer's market) cheese curds.  Plus, they have good prices.  The only slight drawback is their meat selection isn't very good. Especially the chicken.  You almost HAVE to buy Tyson brand.  I think it's the only fresh one they carry?Other than that, there are just so many options for anything you might want, it's crazy to shop anywhere else.  Lingonberry jam?  yes!  Mexican Coca-Cola in bottles?  yes!  10 Brands of cheese curds?  Probably more than that!  They also have an institutional sized canned and jarred food aisle.
2	They do have tons of groceries.  I went there and fought for a parking spot, fought the crowd in the isles to find my goods, picked through their lousy produce and questionable meat, waited in line to be checked out and then hauled my stuff back to my lousy parking spot all the time navigating the miles of isles with an active seven year old.  Not worth the stress or time it took to save a few dollars.  Shop a locally owned company like Sentry and the quality of the fresh goods will be much better and you will also spend much less time doing your shopping/
5	This store is AWESOME. The Jelly Belly display alone is amazing. There are plenty of organic and healthy options here, as well as big name brands. It's a huge place and you'll find pretty much everything you want here.
2	I can't handle going in here anymore. Woodman's is known for low prices and a massive selection of food and it's good for what it is. But get ready to spend an hour and a half at the grocery store. This place is HUGE and can be crowded at certain times of day.I'd much rather eat the few dollars I would have saved and go to a smaller supermarket instead of wandering around this behemoth of a store losing my mind. Sure, they've got 1,000 different choices for bread, but who cares? There's so much inventory that it gets really hard to find a specific brand of something or which has the lowest price.I've been disappointed with their meat every time I've bought it. Very greasy and fatty. Their produce isn't so good either.Also note, they don't take credit cards, only debit.
5	Hey have you heard? Woodman's doesn't take credit cards. Great, now you know and can move on.I love everything about Woodmans except the produce. I left Madison for a while and came back -- and missed this place so much.  This is the best place in town for non-produce groceries based on both variety and prices.  The produce is often a crap and I don't like digging through boxes of moldy fruit.  I am giving 5 stars to Woodman's, because it carries some of the cheapest pantry staples I can find and the bread/meat/dairy/frozen/health food section are mesmerizing.
4	I always liked the east side Woodmans in Madison. When I have an itching to goto a Copps/Cubbs type place, Woodmans always stands out. Woodmans has a great selection of organic and vegetarian selections that can only otherwise be found at Organic special stores like Whole Foods. Yes, they don't take credit card but they take debit cards[i.e. enter your PIN]. Have you ever thought, for one moment, that VISA/Mastercard/processing fees would create a higher overhead and thus result in increased prices? Why should I have to pay more out of my pocket because you want to take out a short-term loan from VISA to buy a gallon of milk? The weak side of Woodman's is they are pretty old school. The dim lighting and crunched aisles can create some frustration. There are also a lot of families with snot nosed kids running around that tend to cluster aisles. But alas! Woodmans is open 24 hours. It is very enjoyable to hit up at midnight and shop like a king in the deserted store. There is also some pretty extensive waits during peak times but I can't say that is something uncommon to Copps or Cubbs or Pick N Saves in the area either.
2	Woodman's is cheap! Oh yeah, they're also an "employee owned" business. The employees don't seem to reap any benefits, or I'm sure they'd smile one or twice.If spending less money on garbage is your idea of ideal shopping, here's your gold mine. The atmosphere of the building is by far the 2nd worst grocery shopping environment I've experienced. I reserve the absolute worst for the no longer existing Star Market, in my home city. Here, the employees always look depressed. The lighting appears to be up to date with the 1970s. The produce selection is ready for the compost heap. Everything about the meat counter reminds me of the setting for an old horror film. If time is money, then I'd rather pay more for my food and spend a few hours less in line.They do have a larger selection of natural foods than the average conventional market, but that's only one thing that allows me to occasionally decide to visit Woodman's. The other, they're open 24 hours. That alone, is why I cannot give them only 1 star.
4	Since many of these reviews have been written, Woodman's East has GREATLY improved their store. They are still working on it, but as of now this is what I've noticed: - More/better lighting - New freezers - Self checkout (Whoohoo!!! I love self checkout!) - They've rearranged the store giving the Organic Foods and Ethnic Foods MUCH more room and have put more products in those areas. Woodman's needed these updates and I'm glad they finally happened, but even before that, I was a big fan of Woodman's. They are cheap and have a wide variety of items. The store is older, open basically 24/7, and people pass through there all day - OF COURSE it's not going to look like Copps or Sentry. If you are looking for atmosphere in a grocery store, you are spending way too much time there. Woodman's never claimed to be Madison's best hang out spot. They claim to provide you with groceries that happen to be at a VERY reasonable price. Yes, sometimes you will find better prices on items elsewhere, but overall Woodman's gives you the most bang for your buck. For $100, I leave Woodman's with twice as many groceries than I would if I went to Copps. This is what counts. I will admit, I do buy my produce there, but I spend quite a bit of time playing 'Unbruised Banana Hunt' and the ever-so popular 'Strawberry Quest: The Search for No Mold'. If you take some time, you can actually leave Woodman's with some decent produce... or you could save yourself of 15 minutes of 'Find The Perfect Fruit' and go elsewhere. The produce is the only thing that is holding me back from a 5 star review. If i could give it 4.5 stars, I would. Woodman's carries a wide variety of items and I love that I can walk in and grab apple butter, Wheetabix and veggie burgers for myself and some Pepsi Throwback, Cap'n Crunch and a Hawaiian pizza for my boyfriend - all for a very reasonable price.
4	Store is messy and not very well lite, but prices and selections can not be beat by any other store in the Madison area.
4	Gosh, I love Woodman's. It's my no-frills, cheaper than cheap but you can still find anything/everything, favorite liquor section and worth the drive to the far east side grocery. My family has been going here since the dawn of time, and I follow suit whenever I'm back in town. On an enchilada mission we were able to find loads of tomatillos, tortillas, queso fresco and a few more essentials for under $30. Seriously. Our shopping cart was full (and they're generous with space here).  Sure, the produce section requires picking-over a few things, and we couldn't quite find the scallions that day, but it's a minor inconvenience I'm willing to endure for friendly service, low prices and being able to patronize a local employee-owned business. See you next time!
1	Ok, I get it. Woodman's is cheap. Still, it's not worth the filth and the long lines. I want my groceries from a clean establishment.See you at Cub.
4	I go to Woodman's for two things: prepared meals and alcohol.  The prepared meals I buy are in the natural foods section.  This department has a surprisingly good, cheap selection of fairly healthy, ready to eat foods like Amy's dinners, good breakfast cereal, and vegetarian alternatives.  If you have trouble with crowds, check out the natural foods aisle.  It's NEVER crowded.If I only bought food, Woodman's would be just okay, but the liquor department is a sight to behold.  They have just about everything, and it's almost always cheaper than anywhere else.  If you are the kind of person who likes to have a beer or a glass of wine every day, you could save at least a hundred dollars a year by getting your booze from Woody's.  The lines can be long on a Friday or Saturday night, but most of the time they are very reasonable.Three stars as a grocery store, five as a liquor store.
4	Yes, it's true.  No credit cards.  Only cash, check or debit.  If you are like me and forgot to bring your check book only to realize after all items have been scanned, they will look at you in a disappointed sort of way, and pack your groceries back up into your cart.  They will then put your cart into cold storage until you go get that checkbook and pay, ashamed, at the service desk.I love the selection and the prices, and I'm learning to navigate this labyrinthine store after recently moving into the neighborhood.  As others have said, the produce isn't great.  I try to go at odd hours to avoid the crowds, and under no circumstances do I attempt a Woodman's run on the weekend, unless maybe to just their liquor department.Also, I've found that this isn't a great store to go to if you just need to pick up one or two things.  It's just too big, and unless you know where you're going it's also a little confusing.  It is great, however, for picking up lots of groceries at once.Woodman's is across the street from the East Transfer Point, so it's easy to get to by bus if you need to.
5	Anything you could think of possibly needing is here at Woodman's. Anything. Their ethnic and natural food sections are extensive. The organic produce section is adequate, although I wish it had local stuff. The cheese section is large, and mostly from Wisconsin dairies. They have the biggest, most diverse yogurt section I've ever seen. It's open 24 hours. The checkers are fast and laid-back at the same time. I like the kind of 70s vibe I get there, with it being so old...makes me think of grocery shopping with my mom on Saturday mornings. The best part about Woodman's is that I can walk out of there spending about 2/3 what I do at Copp's for exactly the same items.Some advice: go with a list. If you get to the check-out and discover that you forgot ice cream, it's about a block back to the freezer section. And never, never go on a Friday at 5:00 unless you want to spend your evening waiting in a check-out line. If you've made that mistake, appreciate that every check stand is actually open, and that you're spending your dollars at a locally owned grocery.
2	Woodmans is the grocery store of the damned.  The produce is attrocious and nasty.  The lines are always way too long.  It seems dirty.  Its unpleasant in so many ways.  It takes forever to shop there.  Its cheap, but I'd rather pay a few extra cents for a more pleasant grocery store.
4	"THIS PLACE IS GREAT."- my madisonite and their succinct, introductory four-word review that rings rather true and now i can never doubt them again about anythingi don't really give a shit if this place always has a clusterfuck of people.i don't really give a shit if this place only takes cash.i don't really give a shit if this place isn't pristine or aesthetically pleasing.i don't really give a shit if the employees seem to be standoffish.i don't really give a shit if this place is "ghetto" and "sketchy."because if...the prices are insanely cheap.the perishables seems to be quite fresh and appropriately taken care of.the overwhelming selection and variation of goods is unbelievable.the store is employee-owned. how fucking cool is that?then...the former is irrelevant.p.s. an attached liquor store? oh no they didn't.
4	This place has inexpensive groceries and a great selection.  The produce can be questionable at times, but if you go on certain days, it tends to be better than on other days.  I wish we had a Woodman's where I live now.  The stores here have no selection and their prices are outrageous.
4	Woodmans has simply the best prices on food, and the widest selection in town.  Their stores are huge, and have excellent selection.My only complaint is that getting through the registers is really slow.  This has improved a bit with the installation of a bunch of self-checkouts, but they still need more cashiers.Also, they accept Debit cards, but not credit cards.
1	The prices are the only thing that saves this lousy grocery.  I almost never go there.  I may if it is convenient.  I don't even go there to save money, which I we all could use in this day and age.  No one seems happy at this place.  I once witnessed a jerk (check out person) yelling at a woman in line for using food stamps.  Otherwise they just scowl.The store always seems cluttered and dirty.  Yeah, food is food but heck, life is too short to shop in a scuzzy grocery.  Even their adds suck!  They have "better people" because they are "employee owned"?  Where is the logic in that?  There are plenty of very good people at the store I shop at and they are always friendly and even know who I am!  Wow!  What a novel concept!Phil Woodman is always touting some cheap mac and cheese, olive oil, or cereal.  Never mind that the stuff is bad for your health.  It's cheap!  Come on down, we will save you a buck and give you a coronary!Anyone who says this is a great store is only saying that the stores they are accustomed to are worse.I hate this place.
5	One of my favorite grocery stores! It tends to be crowed on the weekends, but I don't mind because the prices are right in my budget. Plus they have two isles that are dedicate to foods from around the world. I usually grab a few English candy bars, biscuits and some Mexican candy. YUM! Unfortunately, there are quite a few grocery stores closer to our home, but if we need a big stock up, we drive the few extra miles to Woodman's.
4	Woodmans is awesome.  Not flashy or great service, but amazing selection, prices.... everything everyone else is raving about.I find that the checkout is busy, but I still can't believe how fast they can push people through - they are machines!  Seriously, it can take longer at the check out at Cubs with only a handful of items in your cart, as they will get you through with an overflowing cart at Woodmans.  Busy yes, but they do an amazing job at efficiency!!!!!Produce and veggies is hit or miss at Woodmans.  The one downside.
5	Love their ethnic and hispanic foods selection as well as their prices.  I used to get all my organics and veggie meat the the co-op but the prices are much much better at woodmans.  I can finally afford to eat 85 -90 % organic! ! It's perfect if you are willing to go on off hours. Personally 10 pm proves to be an ideal time for as there are very little people in the store and no lines. Perfect for that huge grocery haul I like to do once a month. I love woodman's but I can't speak for the meat or cheese selection as I sill prefer the coop for those items.
5	Woodman's is the best. Some people hate this place because it's big and strangely laid out and the produce is iffy at times, but seriously, the prices are great, the selection is huge (there's almost nothing I can't find somewhere in there), and the staff is friendly. When we briefly lived in Chicago, once a month we would drive up 45 min up to the Woodman's in Carpentersville just because it was so much cheaper than anything in the city. Simply put, if you want good deals and great selection, go here. Oh, and they take debit cards now, so don't worry about the cash thing (plus they have a no fee ATM).
5	Holy shit. I decided to switch up my usual grocery habits and go to Woodman's for a change of scenery...Just like that, I cut my grocery expenses in half. I'm not talking a LOOK AT ME I SAVED HALF OFF MY BILLS AND SO CAN YOU advertising bullshit. I'm saying that I literally went to Woodman's and spent $150 on a cart-ful of the exact same shit that I bought at Madison Fresh the month before for $300.  Reviewing my reciept, almost every item on there cost me 2 dollars.You'll get a poor first impression when you walk in, leading you to believe that this place is really ghetto. As anyone can tell you, everything in their produce section is rancid; you couldn't pay me to eat it. I'm still not inclined to knock a star off the review though, since I prefer to get my veggies from the Farmer's Market or the freezer section.Instead you should skip straight to the groceries, or better yet the liquor store. It's like a Toys'R'Us for alcoholics. Every beer I have ever tried anywhere in Wisconsin was stocked here. I consider myself quite the beer connoisseur and I would have been hard pressed to recognize even half the beers that lined three massive walls of this store-within-a-store.Also, cheapest gas in town if you're willing to pay cash.Show up with a grocery list if you don't want the trip to last you 5 hours. The place is a veritable warehouse and contains every American grocery product you ever could possibly want to get your hands on. This is the place I want to be when the zombie apocalypse hits.
4	I only go to Woodman's for one reason and that is the beer.  They have a fantastic selection of craft brews from all around the country and most of it is in coolers.There is not a lot of wiggle room in the price of booze, but I find that beer prices are typically less than or equal to what I usually pay.This was my first trip to this particular Woodman's as I was visiting Madison on beercation, but it basically looks like the one that I have frequented in Appleton.One thing that drives me crazy is the tile floors in the liquor department.  I am usually buying a bunch of beer at a time, so I use a cart.  The seams between the tiles are huge and the carts rattle like they are driving on an old fashioned corduroy road.  It is so much noisier than it has to be.  I really wonder how they could make such a decision.Checkout is always a little bit of a trial.  It seems that every time I go, there are a ton of people waiting to checkout.  The checkout counter is not designed well to deal with cart loads of beer either.  I end up having to play some kind of shuffle game, unloading one pack while bringing another back to the cart.And finally, they don't take credit cards.  I suppose that is partially why they are able to keep prices low.  I don't carry hundreds of dollars in cash on me, but my beer bill does get up there sometimes.  So I am forced to pull out the debit card, which I never use.I will definitely keep coming back to Woodman's for the beer.  On this particular trip, I was able to stock up on all of the fantastic Wisconsin beers that I cannot always find in Illinois.  I am giving 4 stars based on the beer selection and pricing.  It would be 5 if they fixed the floor and improved the checkout experience.
4	This place is dirt cheap! I usually spend about 80 for two people when I go here whereas I usually spend 160 at Copps or Hyvee. They have a huge selection of everything, I can find things here that I can't find at other grocery stores, like low sodium string cheese and certain veggie burgers. Yes, it has some flaws, it can be a zoo on the weekend and can be a bit messy, but the price and selection is worth it. The only true complaint I have is the produce can be pretty crappy. Sometimes I have to go somewhere else if I need a lot of produce or certain things that I know will be bad at Woodmans. And no, they don't take credit but they do take debit which is just fine for me.
4	yes, as many others have noted, the produce and meat are iffy, it's often crowded and less than clean, and it's impossible to find an employee when you need one. however, the vast array of ethnic food, cheeses and beer make woodman's perfect for those of us who aren't loaded/pretentious enough to shop at whole paycheck or willy street co-op.
3	I guess what some people want from grocery stories is different from what I want. This store lacks a lot in what I want.It does have almost everything you could want. If there's a random item on your recipe that you've never heard of before, Woodman's probably has it. They've also got good prices on lots of things, especially name-brand dry goods and dairy products.  I also like that I can get a variety of pet supplies there -- they have more variety than most grocery or general retail stores. However, the layout drives me absolutely bonkers. It's difficult to navigate the store, and the isles in the meat department are tiny. It also looks fairly unclean, and because it's extremely crowded, it's hard for someone who's never been to the store to get oriented, even at times of the day that should be slow. The staff is decently friendly and efficient, and I've never had any service-related problems. The appearance and the difficulty of getting around are what make it less than ideal for me.
5	Best in town. Best prices, they have everything. Amazing liquor department. Help can be hard to get and lines are long but its worth it.
4	Best grocery store in Madison. Not the nicest - but definitely the best. Great selection and cheap prices; if either of those things turn you on, this is the place to shop. It's a cavernous space (shopping here should qualify as a workout, seriously, especially when you forget something on your list and have to go all the way back across the store to get it) and the layout/organizational scheme is confusing (like, why do they have the dry beans in 2 spots, one in the canned veggie aisle, one in the Hispanic aisle?) but you get used to that after shopping there for a while.Yes, it's grimy. Yes, they don't take credit cards. Yes, they're understaffed. If they fixed any of these issues the prices would go up, so I'm okay with it. The employees are mostly super nice and helpful, if you manage to find one. They seem to have very low employee turnover as well, so they must be doing something right on that end.Older reviews here will tell you the produce sucks, and I would have agreed at the time. But I suspect they've gotten a new produce manager in the last year or two, because it is VASTLY improved. Stuff gets taken off the shelves now when it starts to show signs of age, and is bagged up and sold at a discount in a cart near the entrance. So bargains can be scored there if you're cooking something right away or don't mind trimming away bruises, and the full-priced fruits and veggies are in much better shape than they used to be. Not Brennan's quality by any means, but you're not paying Brennan's prices either.
2	Absolute worst produce around!  Always forced to go elsewhere for good, fresh produce.  The employees are drab and need to learn how to smile and talk to people and try to help out now and then.  Ever try to find someone on the floor when you need to find a product...?  Good luck!  Prices on meat is far better at Costco and it's far fresher there, too!  25 years ago, I'd rate Woody's at an 8 out of 10...now, 4 out of 10!  Get it together Phil, there's competition out there and they can do better!
4	Sooooooooo there's a little bit of beer here. And by "little bit" I mean a $#!% ton! I don't think I've ever seen so many different varieties under one roof, so much so it was near impossible to settle on the two brews that I grabbed... Moon Man and a New Glarus first for me, Enigma. They call it a sour, but I've had sourer (is that really a word?) It's tasty! Sweet almost cherry-like notes, but what do I know... I just started drinking beer yesterday. The liquor aisles will take you days to navigate. Let me make it easy. Three Olives S'mores Vodka. It's all you need. It's best shaken with ice and strained, but you can do pretty much anything with it. We had some eager drinkers (read: drunk ass mo fos) over to the house who discovered that you can add anything right down to tonic and it'll probably still be delish. As for foodstuffs, I can't say much because I haven't shopped those aisles. Carry cash, check or your debit though. Visa isn't everywhere you want to be.
3	If you need booze and don't wanna spend a ton of money, head straight to Wood man's.  They have the largest liquor and beer selection in town and it's likely the cheapest too. You can find anything here! The rest of the store is a lil' but questionable, but super affordable.  I can't really recommend the produce; the few times I've bought some the quality has been iffy.  Cheese, bread and packaged goods fare much better. This place is huge and always crowded so bring your patience, maybe some xanax and a little extra time.
3	I have a love/hate relationship with Woodman's on the east side.Reasons I love it:- It is 5 minutes from my house- It is so cheap!- You can find anything you want here.- Employee owned- They hire and train people with developmental disabilities who have always been helpful and very friendly to me- They have a great selection of alcohol and anything canned or boxed.Reasons I don't love it:- You can find anything you want as long as you don't mind walking around a giant store for 30 minutes to find it sometimes. The layout is not intuitive, which makes it difficult to find what you need.- It is busy. Always busy and crowded.- There is never, ever anyone around to help me if I need help.- The produce and meat aren't that great. My advice is if you have the time, you enjoy the fuzzy feeling of going to an employee-owened establishment and you want to get the best deals, go to Woodman's. However, if you need something fast, or what help with an opinion on something, there are other nice, employee-owned grocery stores nearby.
2	Understaffed, crowded, I used to steel myself every week to go shopping there and I would return aggravated and exhausted.  Good luck ever finding anybody to help you in their cavernous store.  What help you can ever find is harried and grim-faced.
5	I love Woodman's. First of all, I'm the kind of shopper who doesn't stop by for more than 2 things at peak hours. I'll wait until my day off and grocery shop in off hours so the crowds at Woodman's don't bother me.Second, employee owned. That's awesome. Third, the prices on most everything rock! Seriously, it doesn't get much more budget friendly than Woodman's. I do 80% or more of our grocery shopping here in bigger, stock-up trips and then pick up hippy dippy stuff I can't find here or restock milk and veggies as needed elsewhere until the next Woodman's run.So there is that set back:  while you can find plenty of items including a variety of brands and import foods and most anything you could want out of the liquor dept, they don't have a very big natural and organic section. There's plenty of organic produce, just not so much packaged hippy options - still when I looked for a natural ketchup, I had to pick between 4 brands so its not exactly sparse either.
4	Good selection. Poor management. Wish it wasn't so far off. Get your shit and get out. It's still worth it.
3	good selection and many options, poor quality produce and meat.Prices are good on canned items, otherwise, prices are not that great.i guess shop smart and do not assume they have the best prices on stuff.It is often a hassle to shop there, many items in the isle waiting to be stocked and many items on the shelves out of stock ...
5	Wow wow wow, a breath of fresh Woodman's air. This location is the place to go. Way less crowded than the west side location with all the same perks!The place is enormous and they have a huge selection of different grocery items. They also have many ethnic and organic groceries not common in other stores.The best thing? Their prices, for sure. They have better prices here than all other Madison grocery stores on multiple items that I've checked.They're open 24 hours! Another nice little tidbit.If you're stocking the liquor cabinet, you can also normally grab a nice deal where you get sausage/cheese/pizza for free with your case of beer or bottle of booze.
4	One of the best employee owned supermarket chains...awesome local produce...awesome low prices to make the best bang for your grocery buck...
2	Yes, the beer selection is expansive, cheap and high quality. That's pretty much it though.Madison suffers from Isthmus-itis when it comes to grocery stores. There are none centrally located, meaning if you live in the downtown vicinity you have the option of going to Cap Center (small, overpriced, meh) or a 10-20 minute trip elsewhere to Woodmans, Hy-vee, Trader Joe's, Whole Foods or Copps. Well Copps is just awful and expensive so let's just forget about that. The rest generally have their own issues, like that you just can't get certain things at Trader Joe's and Whole Foods. Basically, I have to go to 3 separate stores within a 2 week-1 month period just to stay stocked in household staples. Woodman's, for the most part, has everything you need. But, and it's a big BUT, you will feel miserable when you are there.Not long after I started going there, I decided I wouldn't go there alone. The clientele is not pleasant to put it mildly. On one memorable occasion, the woman in front of me in the (short) checkout line was so... tired(?) she had to sit her very large body on top of her multiple 36-packs of soda. I just. I just can't, I'm sorry if that makes me judgy. People also tend to wander aimlessly, while talking on their cell phones, and not moving to let you by. There's just a lot of rudeness in general, and no help to be found anywhere. I would rather pay more elsewhere to have a more positive experience that doesn't leave me in a bad mood or feeling sad about humanity. The store is not laid out in the most reasonable way, and a trip to Woodman's always takes at least twice as long as I think it will. I once said to my husband that I can't go there without spending an hour and a half; although meant as an exaggeration, I don't think I was far off.The produce is not great, dented, not that fresh. I've considered buying chicken there but it's weirdly expensive. The cheese selection, like the beer, is expansive and cheap. Yes, it's employee-owned, but employees don't get mental health benefits. Not acceptable given that workers in cashier type jobs (and other similar opportunities) tend to be high users of mental health services.
2	I have to downgrade Woodman's because lately, I have noticed that things are actually MORE expensive than other places. Additionally, it is always busy. Always. And now they moved things around so now it takes me 3 hours instead of 2.
2	This is my updated review from a 1 star rating.This particular Woodmans has rubbed me the wrong way! #1 complaint---Their produce is cheap and goes bad within a day if not used immediately! To name a few things: Forget buying green peppers or nice lettuce/spinach here---unless u want to eat them within a day of purchase. I've had one too many bad produce problems to say anything positive. #2 complaint--- There are too many people using too many methods of payment at the registers, which in turn is holding up the lines.In specific:I sat for a very long time as a I watched a couple trying to reach a specific dollar amount  ($200) and continued to ask for how much they purchased while they grabbed multiple sources of junk food (candy bars) to fulfill their transaction and held up the line. The last time I checked my shopping must be completed when I decide to get in line and check out. -Hey Woodman's----Try adding some more open registers. I do not want to sit in line to check out for long periods of time when I see you have so many registers just sitting there not being used. Look at your parking lot----It is always full of cars!!! This should tell you one thing, hire more people!-If you would like to avoid confrontation in your stores, please start providing training to your cashiers to move things along better when people are trying hold up the line-----I'm paying cash or debit card and will not be taking any longer to pay then a few seconds. ----Maybe make a few registers open for "cash or debit card only". or a line that says "for customers that have fully completed their shopping experience". #3 Complaint--=This store is HUGE! If you forget something on your list (if you made a list) your going to have to run across the entire store to go get it. We are talking long isles, and lots of them. Too much trouble for me just to head back for a loaf of bead when I'm standing in the ice cream isle. I think there are many other store options in the Madison area better than this particular Woodman's. Woodman's is employee owned, and for that instead of a previous "1 star" I give them "2 stars". Not to mention they do have a very nice liquor department. But overall---I'm not reviewing a liquor store, am I? This store is popular to the masses and is usually swamped with people, so if you plan to come here, please prepare yourself in advance for pure craziness.Not my first choice for grocery shopping in the Madison Area.
5	They have a great selection and they have the best prices in the city.
3	It's ok.  Produce isn't necessarily the freshest, but they do have an ok Ethnic selection, and the meat is ok.Hyvee is better.
4	I personally want to give Woodman's a 5, as i've gone to this store literally my entire life, and therefore I find it very easy to overlook it flaws.  With that said however, it does have flaws, and now that i'm older, I can recognize them, but I still find Woodman's to be a store very much worth going to.When it comes to selection, this is where Woodman's really shines.  The store is gigantic, and has multiple choices for basically every item.  Others have already mentioned the large selection of liquor, and I'll preach that as well by saying that I stock up on my liquor and microbrews at Woodman's.  Others have also mentioned that their produce isn't amazing, which i'll agree with to some extent.  I mean, the produce doesn't look too great, and it doesn't have a long shelf life, but in my experience it usually tastes fine.  Despite that, they do have nearly everything year around, which is something other Madison grocers fail to do.For the vast selection they have, the store manages to be well organized.  You might be confused on your first visit (but I feel that way at every store I go to for the first time), but after that it's not difficult to navigate.  Usually, items are where you expect them to be.  The exceptions to this are some of the organic items, which have their own dedicated aisle.The employees are nice, and during the few times you need assistance they'll likely be helpful.  Since the store is so popular in Madison, the checkout lines take awhile sometimes.  The store being open 24 hours is very convenient.Overall, i'm a fan of Woodman's, but it's not quite my one stop shopping center.  If you have the time, my recommendation is to go to Woodman's once a month to stock up on your non-perishables and beverages, and then every week go to either the farmer's market or Willy Street Co-op for your fruits and vegetables.
2	By far my least favorite Woodman's location.- Seems so old and rundown compared to West or Sun Prairie- Layout is just different enough to throw off my normal shopping patterns- Often - like very often - out of common items, especially yogurts- Produce is like every other Woodman's - borderline terrible- Only one single entrance is open after 9:00pm+ Plenty of self service check-out options
5	I have been shopping at Woodman's East forever. When I lived in Stoughton, I schlepped all the way there, as it was totally worth it. Now I live fairly close by and I am there at least twice per month.I am something of a food snob but I just can't justify paying $8.99/lb for Brussel sprouts at Willy St when they are $1.99/lb at Woodman's. I want to buy local to support the farming community but I just can't afford the disparity. Woodman's has expanded its organic section of the store and I buy many fresh, canned and frozen items from that area. I find their produce to be quite satisfactory.The store is clean, well-stocked and the staff quite helpful. Yes, it is warehouse-like. This is no Hy-Vee with the many smiling faces but Woodman's is utilitarian and affordable. It does not pretend to be a restaurant or coffee house. It is a supermarket.That said, I spend plenty of money at Jenifer St Market, the Co-Op and at the farmers market as well. Jenifer St sells local produce at a very reasonable price. I spread my food dollars around but Woodman's probably garners about 65% of my food budget.I am saddened to see the reduction of foreign workers. I do see an increased number of African-American staff which I think is a wonderful thing. Automated check-out areas are taking over the role of the cashier. I hate those things and much prefer waiting on-line so I can thank a  human for providing good service. Okay, i can't end this review without a nod to the liquor store. Oh, yeah, love that place.Go shop and then treat yourself to a bottle of Tito's vodka. You earned it.
3	I'm in love with Woodman's. If I move from Wisconsin, this will be one of the things I miss the most. Unfortunately, I hate this location. It's gross and dirty. It feels cramped and sketchy. I really hate going here. I'm more than willing to spend the extra time going to the west side Woodman's.
4	So whaddya want? It's Woodman's. You want a five star hotel experience, don't go to Woodman's. You want cheap beer, cheap everything, and tons of selection, and understand what normally comes with that, i.e. no frills, then do go to Woodman's.Is it sketchy and ghetto and almost totally lacking in customer service? Yes, yes it is. Does it have everything you could ever want or need from a big box type of grocery store at ultra low prices? Yes, yes it does.My four stars are based on my realistic expectations. Do I leave with everything I need with a minimum of fuss and most of my money still in my pocket? Yes. Yes I do.As previously and repetitively noted, they don't take cards, except by debit. There is a no-fee ATM by the self checkouts at the liquor store end of the building.
