1	So, I bought a Livingsocial deal to this company.I scheduled the appointment over one month in advance.Yesterday they were supposed to show up. I emailed 15 mins prior asking if they would be on time as there wsan't a confirmation call or anything like it. No one showed up.They emailed back saying sorry they couldn't make it.This is poor service. We have a huge family gathering and my wife and I had to spend the time cleaning last night after a very long work day.They didn't notify, didn't offer anything special, such as maybe a free hour, nothing. Just a simple sorry we can't make it.There are too many other GOOD businesses out there.I have asked Livingsocial for a refund and will also discuss with the Better Business Bureau.I won't do business with irresponsible and non-accountable folks.
5	Okay. This is my second landscaper review. Weird. But I think these guys are great. I bought a LivingSocial deal and they were prompt in getting out to do my yard work. Within a week, they were here cleaning up the nasty weeds in my yard. I asked for a quote because I was curious about how much monthly service would be and Sandra emailed me the next day. It was reasonable and about what I had been paying with my previous landscaper but Clean Service Pro did a better job. A few weeks later, I finally pulled the trigger and had them do a heavy duty cleaning to start and then I signed on for monthly maintenance. I emailed Sandra on Monday and she got me scheduled for Wednesday. The guys are still here and it's been about two hours. My yard looks brand new! Maybe the other reviewer had a one off experience - I'm not sure. But Clean Service Pro has been amazing. Sandra is prompt with her emails back and even sent me an email last night reminding me the guys are coming out.
5	Decided to treat myself and have some housekeeping service done for my house. I have a two story home and was not in the mood to do any spring cleaning. I emailed Clean Service Pro and was promptly contacted by Sandra to discuss what I needed and make an appointment. They arrived as scheduled and both went to work immediately. I was impressed with the attention to detail and how clean my house looked after they left. I will definitely use them again!
5	This is an excellent landscaping company.  They come every month and do a very thorough job cleaning and maintaining my yard. Their prices are more than fair.  I've been a loyal customer for over a year now and have no complaints!
5	I needed both home cleaning and yard clean up services.  I called Clean Service Pro, left a message and they got back to me right away.  They had two people come out that day to give me a quote. Quote was reasonable and fair and they were scheduled within that week!  Ana was thorough and did a great job throughout my home.  I will definitely be requesting her again and my yard looks awesome! Landscapers did a nice job on the clean up and even wrapped my water up neatly!!  Thank you Clean Services Pro!
5	I have tried many different cleaning services, but NOBODY does as thorough a job as they do. I am so completely satisfied with their work, that if I could afford it, I'm hire then to be my full-time housekeepers! Every other service out there has it's strengths and weaknesses, but Clean Service Pro is so complete in what they do. They really do excellent work. If only I could afford it, I'd for sure bring them in more than once a month, even if I don't make that much of a mess in-between visits. At least I don't think I do.... I will happily and confidently recommend Clean Service Pro and know that I've never had better work done. They work hard! And it doesn't take them ALL DAY LONG, like a few people I've tried.
5	I contacted Clean Service Pro for landscaping services.  I saw that they also have housecleaning services.  I received quotes for both services and have been using them ever since. They are very thorough and always show up as scheduled.  They have great pricing and are very hard working. Great people and a great company!
5	Clean Service Pro does our front and back yard each month. They are reliable and provide an excellent yard service. They are flexible with me and I have never had an issue.I would recommend them for yard work!
