3	I often go to Tuscany and noticed that they didn't have anywhere comfortable to watch any of the games until I found the Piazza Lounge in the lobby area.  They have bar stools and regular chairs and tables. I nice bar area with what looked like a stocked bar. I was here on a Thursday night enjoying the football and basketball games on the big projection screen and flat TVs at the bar.  A pretty good band the Corro-VanSuch who plays nightly from 8pm to midnight was playing good baby making music LOL.  There were playing the jams.  I was there for over an hour and everything was good until the cocktail girl placed a two drink minimum sign on my table.  She didn't even say anything. Really !? Anyways I sat there until the football game and song finished and bounced. The band was really good and I was gonna stay just to support them and was just thinking about coming here more often, place was empty, but because the way the girl acted I felt dissed. I understand that you need me to spend money to get money but if I was there for over an hour and no one said anything I would figure it's OK for me to be there just.  Say something at least, where's the customer service.Before I left I did notice that they had a HH for half off appetizers which seems decent, still debating if I'll try be back again or just go back to the casino bar and stand while I watch the games.If your looking for free Wi-fi they have that via the lobby area.
4	Located at the main hotel entrance of the Tuscany hotel and casino.  Inexpensive beers and cocktails and a nonsmoking lounge.Happy hour from 5p-7pm except on Monday night football.Live music nightly and a small dance floor.
3	Great band plays jazz & all the oldies. There are a few regulars that frequent the place.
5	We certainly did not mind the 2 drink minimum as we danced to the Corro Van-Such Band. Great band and great music! Not strictly jazz - they played a lot of great top songs from yesteryear. Also very engaging with the audience and dancers, and even called us by our names through the evening. It's a cozy bar with good service. We thought it was a perfect off-the-strip choice for part of a romantic date night. It did not disappoint. Lots of happy people having a great time dancing, or watching the dancers.
3	Fairly reasonably priced cocktails, though the quality of the drinks varied highly depending on the bartender.  We ordered a few drinks when lounging at the pool and they were terrible and seemingly prepared with zero booze.  A single cocktail waitress in the busy pool area and in the evening when the band was playing was insufficient.The band, however, was great - kitsch plus talent... loved watching the older couples dancing :)
5	I go on Tuesday nights to dance. The Corro Van Such band plays every Tues and there is no place to be for dancing swing, latin, rumba, nightclub and more!  The band starts at nine and finishes at one. Drinks are reasonable. Lots of parking.
5	This is a very nice find. It's tucked away in the Tuscany Suites. My husband and I decided to come here after having dinner at Marilynns. We love to catch some live music. The lounge itself is intimate, dim lighting with tables, bar seating and some two person high tables. All very comfortable. There's a small dance floor that quite a few great dancers took advantage of. That alone was worth watching. Wine by the glass was $7-$10 and there were some snacks available. We had some bruschetta that was tasty for $10. The server was super nice too, very fast and friendly.Now the best part was the band, Moonshiners. They are a jazz band that does a lot of recent music put to jazz arrangements, some old school jazz/swing stuff and some very cool mashups. Cab Calloway mashed with White Stripes? Awesome! Great vocals, great musicians. I will seek them out again for sure.This is a very nice venue I am sure to return to.
