4	I recommend Paws & Claws. The price for an overnight stay is reasonable. The staff is caring. The kennels look more like animal playgrounds than cages.  Another plus is that if your pet needs shots, they  provide that service.
5	The grooming department is very polite and totally interested in the grooming and care of your pet. Please enjoy their services. I highly recommend them.
4	I've boarded my cat Oliver at Paws & Claws twice now and would recommend it to other pet owners. The first time I was there was back in April when I went overseas and had to leave my kitty there for 3 weeks. I also had him there for 6 days a week ago. I checked out the place before I originally made a reservation. It's close to my house, but it is in an industrial area that didn't look all that great so I was a bit nervous at first. I got a tour of the cattery and while it's not a 5 star resort or anything, I was pleased with the size and layout of the cages. The cats had room to move and jump around which made me feel better. There's actually more room there than in the cages you see cats in for adoptions at places like Petsmart. The prices are reasonable ($10/day for cats) and they give you a discount for longer boarding (weekly or monthly). You have to pay 50% of the boarding up front the first time you come but after that you pay at the end. All animals have to have proof of vaccinations and I think they offer them there if needed. All the cats get play time when they clean up the cages. They do charge for every little extra such as bringing in food from home, giving medications or for extra one on one play time with your pet, but that was similar to what I found at other pet resorts so it wasn't a big deal to me. Like most pet owners, my Oliver is my baby so of course I called to check on him (several times!) while I was gone. The staff answered all of my questions and I even got an email from the staff with an update on how he was doing. And it wasn't a stock answer about how great he was doing since they mentioned some of his personality quirks that you'd only know if you interacted with him. Everyone there seems to really like working with the animals.They also do grooming for cats which is great for me since I hate trying to give Oliver a bath. The price also includes nail clipping and they also do the ears and the anal glands, which is great since there are some things that I just won't do. :) Overall, it seemed like my cat was well taken care of while I was away, which is really all I could ask for.
2	I took my two Shih-Tzu's to Paws n' Claws for grooming. I've had better. What I requested: Puppy cut for both dogs, body as short as possible, round heads, save little girl's eyelashes What I received: Short cut bodies, spotty uneven not-round heads, tails not trimmed(although i didn't specify, and assumed they would trim), ears unevenly cut, dusty dogs.Service: Very friendly front desk staff. They were on time with the dogs. Quality of groom was not that great (see above). The cut was done partially correctly but the dogs were not blown dry after or were allowed outside after. Not exactly sure the reason but I got dusty dogs back.Facility: Easy to find and access. Environment was not very nice in that you can hear all the animals barking and whining when you walk in. It is a boarding place but usually a good place is quiet no matter how many animals they have. Additionally, the animals sounded stressed with the amount of barking, yelping, and whining. The standard for a 5 star groom is a clean, calm facility, friendly staff, and clean, well-cut doggies at the end. I only experienced 1 of 3 (friendly professional staff).
4	The people are friendly and took great care of my "boys".  I also use their grooming services and am very happy with the results.
5	My guy and i are very picky pet owners however, that being said we're not "high maintenance", if you are then this may not be your type of kennel. We've never put our dogs (a Shepherd mix and a Chihuahua) in any kennel. We've always been lucky enough to have close friends/family watch them when we've needed it. Anyway, We needed a pet sitter and found Paws & Claws; they took excellent care of our babies and made us feel very comfortable about the process. They showed us the kennel; an area small enough to make your pet feel secure but large enough for them to move around in. Our Chihuahua is a recent rescue and came from a hoarding situation, he is a sweet boy but can have separation anxiety. The staff was very nice and understood our nerves when we dropped our pups off and, when my husband picked them up after a 4 day stay, both animals looked amazingly happy and well adjusted. We will definitely take our pets there again!
1	I would have given this resort 5 stars but...I made an appointment for my two boys to stay from Friday night- Sunday.  The woman I spoke to on the phone told me that because they changed their hours on Sunday from closing at 3 to closing at 12:30, they will give me the extra day for Sunday free.  I should have been suspicious of this but then I thought "Oh, because they are not a corporation like Petsmart, they can make these adjustments."  I thanked them profusely for that kindness and then continued to make my reservation to pick the boys up on Monday instead of Sunday.  The woman gave me a quote of $72 total.  I confirmed with her and asked her if that was the total for both dogs?  She confirmed and so I was in a great mood and booked them without any worries.  When dropping them off, I added play time for ONE day and the woman confirmed. Come time Monday 8 am I came to pick up my boys and found that the price of both boys was about 130!.  I asked why there is such a huge price difference? They said that the boys had TWO play days and I said I only ordered one.  They changed the price for one day, thus the one star.  However, they said that no one would have told me that we get one night free regardless of THEIR time change....I was constantly told that no one would have said that and basically I am making it up.  I countered asking her how would I have known that they changed their Sunday times from closing at 3 to 12:30?  No reply to that....Unfortunately, I will not be using Paws n Claws Resort due to the inconsistency of their staff. If you choose them, be sure to confirm your total and get the name of the person taking your reservation. Although, this might not be enough proof for them.
1	I received a call today from the owner telling me that she read my previous comment on yelp and asked me to explain the situation.  I explained to her what happened and again, I received a lecture saying how there is no way that I was told $72 as a total and why would they give me a free day bla bla.  I then asked if she thought I was a liar and I was making up these numbers.  She stated no but there was a "miscommunication."  I told her that she was more than welcome to reply to my yelp comment to try and back up her argument.  She told me that the issue was not only the comment but the damage her business has because of my comment and I told her I was just telling the truth with the situation I encountered.  Then she abruptly told me "So if I pay you the difference, will you delete the comment!"  I was taken aback by this and told her it's not about the measly $36, it's about letting other yelpers know the truth about my experience.  She said , "well after we hang up the $36 is gone"....I explained afterwards that I have not yet received an apology for this harassment of basically being called a liar, and I was being bought for their benefit for $36.  When I told her this she was like "okay well sorry." That was that.  So yelpers, I just wanted to reinstate that I wrote this review based on a personal experience and I received retaliation from the establishment's owner in an unprofessional way.
5	We have a shih tzu we inherited with my mother-in-law's sudden passing a couple of years ago.  We love to travel and originally kept our loving pooch at the animal hospital in town that my mother-in-law used.  Sergio would be put in a small cage on a shelf.  They had no green area to walk a dog at which, in the summer in Vegas can be a problem with the heat of the black top and concrete.  Also, and maybe this sounds picky, but it used to take 10-15 minutes to check our dog in as well as pick him up.  There always seemed to be somebody new at the desk and taking our dog back to the kennel area.  We decided to try a new "fancy" boarder which bragged about TVs in the larger cages.  This sounds terrible and very superficial, but we didn't like the family that ran that place.  They just seemed to try to fill you with b.s. and had an arrogant edge.  The pricing was high and I couldn't justify spending $12 for a 30-minute tummy rub (well, unless it was put on video).  We called a couple more boarding facilities which just had this desire to sell you every service known to mankind in addition to 30-minute tummy rubs.  You felt like you were being sold a time-share unit.  My wife originally didn't want to call or visit Paws 'n Claws because of its location, east of I-95 near Boulder Highway.  I ignored her advice and called Paws 'n Claws.  I spoke with Donna, who turns out is the owner.  She didn't brag about spa-like treatments or the ability to watch my dog by Skype 24 hours a day.  (I know what our dog looks like sleeping).  Instead, she quoted a good price, not great, but not objectionable.  She said our pet had to be current on its shots and told us to come over for a visit.  The building is not new, but it's a pet boarding business.  It has a large grass lot attached to it for large dogs to play in and a small covered area for small dogs to play in.  They have an inside area and a run which goes outside.  Instead of a small cage, our pet has about a 12-foot long area and his cage is next to other dog's cages for socializing.  The owners live upstairs above the kennel area.  It is a true family business with their daughter also working there.  What is so nice is they like animals, it is very obvious their affection for their guests.  A family member is always there, as compared to a part-time 17-year old.  (nothing against 17-year olds)No longer does Sergio drop his tail as he begrudgingly walks to the cages at the animal hospital.  He comes into Paws 'n Claws with his tail wagging and has no issue going back to the kennel area.  We feel like our beloved pet is in the hands of people who care and will treat him very well.
1	This is the first review I have ever been compelled to write.  I just would like to warn all you pet owners about this place.  I have been taking my dog there for almost 3 years for grooming without an incident.  The last time I took my poor dog there was Jan 14th and it will be the last time I take him there.  The normal groomer we used was not available so another gal groomed my dog.  Do not want to use her name don't want to get anyone fired, just tell you my experience and let you make your own judgement.  Let's just say my dog was perfectly fine when I dropped him off to be groomed, and now going on 3 weeks later he is a shell of the dog  that he once was.  I'm giving them the benefit of the doubt that it wasn't done intentionally but it is obvious something happened to my dog.  My poor dog can't walk right anymore, he can't stand for more than a couple seconds at a time, let alone chase the ball and play, two things he used to love to do.  It's obvious something happened to him there as I said earlier he was perfectly fine the morning before.  I even took him on a long walk so he would be tired when I dropped him off to be groomed.  Maybe he was dropped or moved a certain way but it us obvious that his left rear hip was injured when we brought him home.  It breaks my heart because I can't even pick my dog up anymore without him shrieking in pain.  He doesn't want to move or be touched.  When we called them to see what happened the next day the lady that answered the phone pretty much just blew us off saying that it was probably just his stomach and that a lot of the dogs there get that and to just keep an eye on him and if anything take him to the vet.  First off if a lot of dogs get stomach problems when leaving your facility shouldn't that be a red flag to begin with?Now it was obvious that she was trying to cover her a** they just blew us off and tried to get off the phone as soon as possible,  basically saying it's not there problem we need to deal with it.  Needless to say we took my poor dog to the vet and it indeed was his rear left hip.  $474 later for X-rays and pain medication my poor dog is nowhere near the dog he once was.  All he does is lay there and sleep because of the pain medication he is on.  Going on 3 weeks and still no improvement in fact he seems to be getting worse.  Now let me remind you...My dog was perfectly fine and after a couple of hours there he can't walk right or stand right!  Everyday I come home and my heart breaks because he does not greet me at the door, he does not jump on my leg begging for me to pick him up and carry him, he just lays there with a sad look on his face.  If I even attempt to pick him up he screams and cries.  Now like I said I know accidents happen but when they do fess up to them do not just blow them off.  I have been a loyal customer for almost 3 years and the callousness in which they blew me off was very upsetting to me. I can't imagine how they would treat a new customer.  This is the only way I can think if to get the word out so that what happened to my poor dog does not happen to anyone else.  I guess it's back to the vet for more drugs and prodding for my best friend who I only took there for a haircut.  This is just my story of how I was treated by this place,  I'm pretty sure they have a ton of good reviews I'm just one customer but this is just a warning to other owners.  If I could give this place negative stars I would.  The service here has never been a problem, but their customer service is horrible.  And I think that is one of the main parts of a business.
2	The rates are on the high side of average but you receive below average service. The facility was clean and kept up with a large array of kennels with individual outside access.The staff is nice enough but don't be surprised when promises are made later to not be kept.Need to pickup your pet afternoon? That will be an extra days charge. This is a business built on profit, not animal care.
5	Since moving here in 2012, shortly after the new owners took over, we have had our 2 dogs in for boarding and cuts numerous times.  We have never had any issues with Paws n Claws and cannot recommend them highly enough.Our dogs get vocal and antsy when we get within a mile of the place, and cannot wait to go inside and get out back to their 2nd home.  THAT speaks more for this business than any of the comments you see posted here.Our dogs love it at Paws n Claws, so thats good enough for us.  In fact, they are staying there again this weekend.Dennis and Rachel
5	I love Donna and her staff...my pets are always well taken care of..im moving and im so sad to have to find another place I love and trust!
5	I boarded my dog here for 2 nights and I am very happy with the experience.  All of the staff is friendly and interested in the dogs.  I had only scheduled one night, and our plans changed.  I called on the morning I was supposed to pick my dog up and asked if I could leave her a second night and they said that was fine.  It really opens up some spontaneity for me.  Also, I asked how my dog did the first night, and they said she did great, and based on their comments, it was obvious to me that they had checked in on my dog.The dogs are kept in separate, large cages.  There was enough room that I was able to bring a travel crate and my dog's bed.  This worked well for my dog.  Lots of kennels that i checked out in the area have the dogs spend hours together in a playtime area.  But you never know how well the dogs will be supervised.  I liked that this place is not set up that way, my dog likes to feel safe in her own space.  That may not work for others, but it is a great setup for my dog.They are up front with their prices and drop off/pick up times, so there were no surprises.  And their rates are very reasonable.  I will definitely use them again, and suggest them to my dog owner friends.
5	This was the first time we have ever boarded our dog Becky. I knew she would be scared and probably not eat the whole time she was there. I called to check in on her and was told that she was not eating so the wonderful staff had started to buy her hamburgers to eat. They went out of their way to make sure she was taken care of. When I called in to check on her, they were very aware of who I was and who I was calling about. She had a bath and beauty treatment the day I picked her up and her coat was so shiny and she smells so great!I can't say enough about how sweet and caring the staff is. Unfortunately, I don't have specific names, but they are all great. I believe the owners live above the facility, so I wasn't worried about something happening (like a fire) and Becky not being able to get out. There are a couple of cats hanging around the front who are adorable and seem to be quite pleased to be there. I like to see a cat who is happy. It means they are well taken care of by a caring human.We won't hesitate to take Becky back there should the need arise.
5	I have been bringing my Lab/X Maggie and Jack Russell/X Daisie here for a little over a year and a half. They do not hesitate to run in the front door and greet the staff with kisses. The staff takes such good care of them and treats them as if they are family. My girls absolutely love it there! I haven't had any problems whatsoever, like I said the staff is wonderful. I will refuse to board my pups anywhere but at Paws N Claws. Thank you so much for everything.
5	This was the first time we had to board our dog, he is only 10 months old.  I was nervous about it at first, but he seemed to take to it right away.  The staff was nice, helpful, and very accommodating.  When they took him back to the kennel when we first arrived, he went very willingly.  When I called for updates, the staff answered all my questions and let me know he was doing well.  When we got home and picked him up he seemed fine!  I think he enjoyed himself.  My other experience with dog-boarding has been less then stellar.  Usually the dogs are mad or aloof, but he seemed absolutely fine!  A+++
4	I have dropped off my dog at Paws 'n Claws a handful of times now. Sometimes for 2 or 3 nights, and once for 9 nights. Every time I have gone to pick him up he is happy and healthy. He's also always super tired so I know he's being quite active in his run. I am partial to the setup here because it keeps the dogs separate in their own runs, but they can still interact with the dogs next to them without having contact. He likes other dogs....but can get a little physical, so this setup is great for him.          The staff has been helpful with anything I've needed. They've been accommodating when I have needed to pick up the dog after hours which is great. They have always asked me questions about the dog or commented on how active he was or that he was constantly running with his neighbor, which at least seems like that are checking in on the dogs with some regularity.           I see reviews complaining about some things, but I have not witnessed any of this. Some folks are concerned with the fact that if you pick up after checkout time, you get charged for a full day. Well duh, it works that way at any hotel you go to. They cant guarantee a booking for the space they have if your dog is still hanging out until 5:30 after you get out of work....its common sense.          The only thing i have noticed is that he is pretty stinky when we go to pick him up (similar to how he was when we got him from the SPCA), but I just give him a bath when we get home and all is well. Whatever, he's a dog. Perhaps in the future I'll schedule him for a bath at Paws 'n Claws before I come pick him up!          I have nothing bad to say about this facility or the folks that work there/run it. I have no hesitations about leaving my dog there for a few nights or a week if necessary. I actually think it does him some good! He;s happy, healthy, and in no worse condition than when we dropped him off. What more can you ask for?
