4	I go to the lake a lot with my friends, getting jealous because they can wakeboard and I can't. I weight 250lbs so I totally sink their boards. I went to ski pro, talked with a guy and he let me rent a giant board that could hold me up, gave me some tips on getting up out of the water, and a bunch of free wakeboard magazines.I got out of the water on my second try and ended up buying that wakeboard. Some of their stuff can be wicked expensive (but high quality).
4	I avoid eating fish and chips in the valley like they're the plague. But that may have all changed now, thanks to Ski Pro.Many of my Yelping buddies know I'm from Seattle, and I'm not gonna spend too much time on my Seattle soap box here, but I can tell you that having grown up there where the fish is fresh and fish and chips are an art, I've just had it in my head since moving here five-plus years ago that saltwater fish, as a meal generally speaking, is something best avoided in the urban desert. After all, when's the last time you were at the docks in Phoenix, watching the anglers bringing in their catches of the day? A good guess is ... never! Since moving here, I've felt the same way about ski and snowboard shops. I mean, I know that for two whole months out of the year, a Phoenician can drive half a frickin' day and find some chairlifts, but it always stood to reason (to me, anyway) that since skis and snowboards aren't quite as hot of a commodity in the desert as they are back home, good ski shops just don't exist here.Well f#ck me running! I was wrong! See ... Baby Mama, my baby, my red-headed stepchild, my adopted second father, my half-step-brother-in-law twice removed, and I have a snowboarding trip to Colorado planned for spring break and were in need of some gear. Ski Pro happened to be a few doors down from buybuy BABY and since we were there, having already purchased Butt Paste, some breastmilk storage bags, and half-dozen new peepee teepees from the mega baby superstore (review likely forthcoming), we thought we'd pop in to Ski Pro for a good laugh.I feel like such an ass. This is like a real ski shop! In the desert! I was not only pleasantly surprised by the quantity and quality of gear they have (from skis to boards to clothing), but how knowledgeable the staff all seemed to be. We were helped by Britney in the snowboard department and by a dude in the ski department, both of whom knew their sh!t. That's what surprised me the most. As a retailer, you can fill up your store with fancy inventory, but if you don't have the knowledge to back it up, you're just posing. Ski Pro is the real deal. Four stars only because they have high-ish prices, but I hear they have wicked sales now and then.So my perception of ski shops in the desert has been shattered - in a good way. Call it a paradigm shift. I aim to have fish and chips by the end of the week.
2	This review is limited to the web page and related issues. I have not been in the store, nor, frankly, do I now intend to.Ordered my wife a Christmas present on off the web page. Entered all the correct info into their web form.  Ski Pro cancels the order because the ship-to and the order-from were different, no email, left a phone call saying they were cancelling the order. Not making this up -- now think about this for a minute, they could EASILY have a cross-check on the order form if this were an issue.I get message, call them.[transcript]Q "Thanks for the call, what's the problem?"A "We cancelled the order"Q "Huh?"A "Different addresses"Q "What the..."A "We can reinstate"Q "OK, will it get there in time?"A "Sure, if you pay extra for overnight"Q "Uhhh, why?"A "Cause we cancelled it"Guy on the phone seemed quite pleased that the present will arrive after Xmas.I suggest that you, Dear Reader, avoid the SkiPro web operation just as poster Brady K avoided fish and chips.  I suppose the quality of the goods and the shop are OK.Calling the Better Business Bureau next. Oops, they only get two stars, is this a theme in Phoenix?Conclusion: shop here only in person, avoid the web.
5	I love going to Ski pro when I am in need of some snowboarding gear or just want to shop! All of their employees are very knowledgeable and will definitely take the time to help you with whatever questions you have. They carry gear for most sports whether its snow or water. Overall a great place to check out if you have questions or are looking to pick up some gear.
