2	I'm not sure what all fuss is about with Snax. Sure, it's as cheap as anything you'll ever get, but it tastes cheap too. The eggs are disgusting, the sausages tasteless and the ketchup seems to tastes like a mixture of vinegar and soap. I know people go here for hangover food because, at under three quid for a breakfast, you can't really argue. But you know, I feel like it's worth spending a little bit extra and getting something a bit better.I've been to the bigger brother of this snacks on Buccleuch Street a couple of times and my experience was no better. This place is just the same, but with fewer seats. I mean, you really do get what you pay for. Reserve for only the very worst hangovers.
4	3 stars for the food, 5 stars for the price.
3	We've popped in to sample Snax's stodgy delights on many an occasion. It's very reliable, good at what it does, and cheap as chips.Overall, we said: "Snax is not catering to the sophisticated palette, but its brand of hot and hearty comes in surprisingly handy on Scotland's "scorching" summer days. It's well worth popping in, saying hello to the ever cheery staff, and partaking of their warming wares."
3	Informal, small storefront that efficiently turns out breakfasts and lunches to order.  Located within steps of Princes Street and the Balmoral Hotel.Visited for breakfast and 'ate in'.  There are several small, dingy countertops for eating at.  The staff is extremely friendly and efficient at making breakfasts to order.  Coffee is strong and fresh and meals are filling, tasty and a good value.Glass cases have spilled foods / sauces inside and the floors / tables are in need of a good cleaning.  Service is friendly, fast & efficient.Food is generally a good value, hot and tasty but best suited for take away.  This place attracts a mixed crowd from backpackers, to businessmen, to construction workers, to tourists, to retirees.
5	Thank you to the doorman at The Balmoral for sending me to Snax - exactly what I was looking for - good, quick, hearty breakfast to get me started on my first day in Edinburgh. Hot, fresh, simple and delicious food, very friendly staff, and a great neighborhood vibe!
