1	I haven't been to this Bergners in a very long time. I needed a new swimming suit and thought Bergner's would have them on sale. The selection was very limited and picked over and in very bad disarray. However, I was able to find a few suits to try on. I went to the dressing room and asked the clerk working there if it was OK for me to go in and try them on. In broken English she said go ahead. She did not ask me how many items I had nor did she even look to see what I was carrying in to the dressing room. When I got in the dressing room there were so many people in there and such a variety of people. I had to wait for a dressing room. When I finally got a room I started to get undressed. I noticed in the dressing room next to me there was an entire family in there. That included the husband and son all giving their opinions on what they thought of their Mom's swimming suit. Talk about awkward. I had no idea men were allowed in woman's dressing rooms these days! I was very hesitant to take off my clothes and try on a swimming suit but I did it anyway. Then I saw a face peeking out from underneath the partition. It was the a little girl who was about 8 maybe but still it was so uncomfortable. She kept looking at me and I finally told her to stop looking at me. She did but her parents did nothing and said nothing. I really liked the swimming suit I tried on and I wanted it but I felt so yucky about the experience in the dressing room that I decided to go to another department to pay for it. After I bought the suit I went to Macy's. They had a huge selection and all the swimming suits were in order and the racks were very neat. There were not any kids running amuck nor were there any men in the dressing rooms. From now on I will be going to Macy's first!!!!
3	I like this store but their female help in the upstairs needs improvement. Tell marnetta to bring more of the cute girls from downstairs up there! Need that to round out the "upscale" shopping experience. Also cute girls nicer in general whereas homely people are cranky and self-loathing and high maintenance.*update*See Rachel's review several months after mine. Wadya know. She also has experienced the fine service of local proleteriat women. Hey rachel, was she homely?
1	I normally love Carson-Pirie-Scott, the sister store of Bergners's in the Chicago suburbs and haven't really had issues shopping in those stores.  I am just about to move from Champaign, but thought I'd give Bergner's a shot before doing so.I only went in to grab a shirt very quickly.  I wasn't even going to be picky or try it on because I was in a hurry to get somewhere.  The woman at the register came running up to my boyfriend and I as we were picking up 2 hangers with sweaters to compare material and said, "Um, we're closing." after we just heard the very audible announcement throughout the entire store say that they were closing in 10 minutes.  I felt completely rushed and a bit chastised, which I hate.  I made the selection without delay.  That same woman was at her register holding her head and looking away as if it was just such a headache to have to be there.  We were not the only ones left shopping by an means.  She didn't look at me or greet me when I walked up and said hello.  She simply snatched the sweater out of my hand and rang it up, stuffed it and the receipt in a bag, tossed it on the counter, grabbed her drawer out of the register, turned her back, and muttered, "Thanks," as she walked away with the money drawer.I'm a good little consumer and I also have been in the service industry for over 13 years.  I have no lofty expectations for my store clerk nor am I a demanding customer.  If anything, I go out of MY way to make sure that the server/clerk/employee doesn't have to.  This woman's behavior was flat out RUDE and OFF-PUTTING and completely inexcusable.  Oh, and thanks to being rushed, I didn't notice the hole in the armpit of the sweater.  I will be returning this promptly and I will never shop at this location again!
1	This is just a warning regarding Bergners 50% off coupon that they emailed to people.  It's a piece of junk.  The only thing you can use this worthless coupon on is their junk.  Like those stupid little thoughtless gifts they offer this time of year.  For example, a minature boxing ring with boxers that you push a button and they hit each other.  Who needs that???Do not waste your time, like I did, shopping at Bergners thinking you will get 50% off $100.00 purchase.  I spent 2 hours looking for anything worthwhile that the coupon would apply to and it's impossible!!!!!
3	I shop here most of the time I go to the mall since it is one of the anchor stores. I find at least something to buy there most of the time. It can be very tough to use their big coupons....so many things are ineligible!  But that also means that they have alot of things on clearance and listed as incredible value or best buy. However, my parents have plenty of luck using their $50 off $100 coupons. They have "saved" so much money using them. And they come once a month. Selection is OK and they have a good amount of petites. Service is hit or miss. You have some very helpful folks but you also have some don't seem to give a crap.
4	Store review:Once again this is likely a 3 star place, but it is 4 star because you don't have a lot of choices in the champaign area. Beside this store, macy, and jcpenny I really don't see any other large department stores in the area. This is like your carson pierre scott with the yellow and black dot sales which coupons do not apply. It is often difficulty to find a use for the coupon, but when they have yellow/black dot sale you can find some real gems at the store. Otherwise the clothing selection is above average. They have a home good section as well on the more expensive side.Pros: department store varietyCons: smaller store, coupons are hard to useHidden deals:Sign up for the email club for special coupon savings
4	Slightly target older people. Have some sophisticated brands like calvin klein or columbus. But even with their yellowdot sales all the time. still pretty pricy
