4	As it turns out, there are two Margaret G. Hance Parks...this address is for one of them, but the other is at E. Moreland, just down the road. I attended the Old World Oktoberfest held at the Moreland end of the park. Parking was not too difficult - lots across the street for $5 or parking on the street for free. The park provided a good location for the festival and allowed each vendor plenty of room, as well as an area for a dance floor and the main stage.The pros of the festival: the AZ Accordian band, Guggenbach Band & Lorelei & Schatzi. I also stayed for the Beer Stein Competition. There were several vendors there including Grandma Goes Nuts (which offered good cinnamon covered peacans, almonds and cashews), the San Francisco Chocolate Factory (carmel, chocolate and candy covered apples), a funnel cake place, a curly fry place, Der kaffee Kuchen (brats & kraut!) and of course a few tables of Warsteiner. I had three boots of the Oktoberfest blend. The atmosphere was great, the entertainment was awesome and I enjoyed the beer, brats & funnel cake...A few things I wish would have been better: more of a crowd. Granted the festival started at 10 AM...I stayed from about 11-2, but there were not many people...also, how cool would it have been if a vendor were selling German items such as lederhosen? This was the 4th annual and I think they are on the right track. Maybe a few more vendors and some community support would make it a 5 star event....
3	My review is for the Oktoberfest held at this park recently. I agree with Mark T's review - there wasn't a great crowd and they'd do well to sell some serious German gear. I also stayed for the beer stein holding contest and my husband was in the last four standing! My shoulder was sore just watching those guys. Music was good but I can't say anything about the food since I didn't eat anything there. Plenty of characters made for great people-watching!
2	Just attended the 7th annual Old World Oktoberfest, but after seven years you would think that they might make this festival a bit more exciting. There are basically only two things to eat, the shredded pork meal and the bratwurst meal. Other that that, you have some pretzels and strudel. THe strudel at $4 was decent and the vanilla bourbon sauce served with the struedel was a crazy good touch. This was normal strudel I think, but it looked like a tamale enclosed in its greek style pastry dough. Not the top of the line. Only one place served beer and they did have 5 varieties at $5 a pop. Those were decent, but this place is really small and boring and you might only be able to kill 90 minutes or less here. The $5 cover charge to get in means whoever is running this thing is definetly making a profit. There just needs to be more activity and spirit here and after seven years it probably won't happen.
3	The only reason I ever come here is for the annual Phoenix Oktoberfest event every October.  Other than that, I don't seem to have any reasons of coming here.  I would agree on some of the comments here that there are a lot of homeless people near the park and under the bridge close to the library.  So watch out when you come out after the sunset.
1	The worst OktoberFest I've ever been to.  40 minutes for a beer and over an hour for a less than mediocre Brat and pretzel.  The pretzel was in the garbage in 2 second.  Shame on the Arizona Center for Germanic Culture on poor planning and execution!!!!  Never again............
2	After my experience here last weekend for the Arizona Center for Germanic Culture Oktoberfest, I'll only return in hopes of seeing a big improvement in the layout of the festival. The band faced west so all I saw when I arrived after 5PM was bright sunlight...no band. I could hear them, but could only see sunlight. The line(s) for beer (I only saw one) were ridiculously long so I never even got one!! Same with the brat line, but I was told not to even bother waiting because they had run out of brats before 5pm. All they were serving was poorly cooked turkey legs!I noticed a sand volleyball court where I parked. Then I saw a few homeless people in the park, but I'm happy they found a "home" and hope they are allowed to stay. They probably pigged out on all the wasted, dumped in the trash food from the Oktoberfest.
