5	Was referred to Gabe's Agency by a co worker & could not have been happier.  1) I did save over $200 a year on both my auto/home insurance, which was wonderful.   And Gabe adjusted my coverages to what my current needs are.  2)  It is very refreshing to actually talk to someone that can answer your questions instead of a 1-800 automated system.   Unfortunately that lack of personal correspondence is lost these days.   Jeanie (office mgr.)  returned my email faster than I could hit send & even called to wish me a happy birthday.I continue to refer people to their agency, which I got a surprise Starbucks card in the mail for doing so.  And I plan on remaining with their company/Farmers' for years to come!
5	We have been working with Gabe Paola from farmers insurance agency for about a year now. When we have questions we call the office, and we are always able to speak to someone. We get the information we need with out getting a new sales pitch for a different type of insurance that we do not already have. We enjoy working with Gabe and his team and look forward to working with them for years to come.
5	There is nothing better than having a insurance agent you can call, text or email when you need an answer. Gabe knows his stuff and cares about his clients to extent of explaining what we did and didnt need as far as coverage. My wife got into an accident and we realized we didnt have the insurance card in our car, so i called Gabe and his office immediately emailed me the cards so i could show the officer and not be ticketed. That really saved us from receiving a ticket for driving without insurance. After this Gabe told us about the Farmers app that i could download and have all my information at the click of a button. This is the service we were looking for and appreciate the Paola Agency's help.
5	we moved about a year ago and not soon after we moved into our new house the ice maker malfunctioned resulting in a water leak that ruined the hardwood floors in the kitchen.  we contacted gabe right away and he helped us with our claim and our floors were as good as new (actually they were new)!  then about 6 months later i thought i felt the floors buckling again, so i immediately contacted gabe.  he came over right away and inspected the wood floors and walls and explained what i would need to see if there was water damage.  luckily no water damage that time, but i was glad gabe was there to help put me at ease.  we will continue to use gabe for years to come!  like a good neighbor gabe p. is there!!!
4	I was with State Farm Insurance for over 10 years.  I met Gabe through a networking event.  I told Gabe I didn't think he could save me any money on my car insurance or home owner's insurance because every 6 months it seemed like my deductible kept going down.  Gabe not only doubled all my auto insurance coverage for my husband and I (we were probably a little underinsured and our last insurance agent never told us), but he also saved us $250 a year on everything!Gabe is extremely knowledgeable, friendly and available.  It's such comfort knowing that we can call him if anything ever happens and we won't be dealing with 1-800 numbers.  I have personally referred clients to him and will continue to in the future.
5	Gabe is great and the only person i trust to handle all of my personal and business insurance needs!
5	I referred a friend to Gabe Paola and she now has her home and auto with him. He is a good listener, knowledgeable, responsive and his staff is attentive as well. His personal service makes all the difference. Unlike my former insurance agent, Gabe checks in with me and my clients to periodically review my coverage and recommend changes if needed. As a REALTOR, it is important to have a business partner I can trust to treat my clients well and provide appropriate coverage. I will continue to refer my clients to him for their insurance needs!  Gabe is my go-to guy!
5	Wow...a bird crashed through the dining room window the other morning.  After breakfast I emailed a quick photo from my phone to Gabe with a brief description, thinking this would be the beginning of a long process.  By the time I got in my car to head off to work, I got immediate acknowledgement from Gabe, then his staff emailed me a well-organized email about what to expect and that a company was already "in que" to contact me for setting up an appointment to fix!!!  I was quite blown away, I don't think McDonald's could've processed quicker than that.  I was not hassled with a barrage of questions, I did not have to wait for response or put any effort into this claim process.  It was simply TAKEN CARE OF and THAT's what I call service!  :)    (FYI...I highly recommend the very cheap "zero deductible" window policy, the cost of replacing this one window is 3x the cost of the entire annual policy...I will pay nothing.)
5	I was referred to Gabe through a mutual friend of ours last year and I have to say his service is top notch. Gabe ahas a great staff and his prices are competitive but most of all he explains EVERY detail of the coverages so you know the ins and outs of what you are getting. To me that is the best that you can ask for. Plus he has water bottles with a great head shot! Best insurance agent I've worked with hands down.
5	Gabe is a great person and businessman.  He reviewed my existing policies for home and auto and brought the gaps to my attention and offered great solutions giving me more and better coverage for less money.  He also had me update some personal item appraisals and I am now appropriately protected.  He's great to work with and knows his business.  I highly recommend that you speak with him.
