2	Yo!  30 freakin' minutes from the time I walk in the door til' I'm draggin' my keester back out.  That don't sound half bad until you figure I didn't eat yet!  Yo!  I ain't yankin' your sausage either!  30 minutes through the line and waitin' for the freakin' food!I called ahead and they said it would be faster to just come in!  How you like that?  Then I get back to the office and one of the freakin' sandwiches ain't even what I freakin' ordered!  You gotta be freakin' kiddin' me!This was a one star review until the sandwich was pretty good, know what I'm sayin?Hey, did you talk to da guy about dat thing?  You know dat thing I told you about?
2	Yawn.This is your basic Subway/Port-o-Subs clone, and that's not a very flattering comparison.  The sandwiches are grossly overpriced, lacking reasonable quantities of meat and cheese (while providing plenty of cheaper greenery to fluff the thing out, a la Subway), and completely run-of-the-mill.  If they would use more meat and charge less, then the place would be OK.  The ingredients themselves seem to be of fairly good quality.  But to overpay for a huge chunk of bread with not enough meat guarantees to keep me away from this joint.
4	Couple of harsh reviews but I've been nothing but happy with Jersey Mike's.  I've never seen or heard of other locations but this one opened down the road and after trying it out, I've returned about 15 times now and will continue to do so.  It's NOT like subway at all actually...I have always had great sandwiches from here and have always had a lot of meat stuffed in, to the point to where a big sandwich basically makes 2 meals for me.  The stuff is always fresh and tastes super good so, no problems there.I will give a word to the wise tho... Although it's very good... "Mikes Way" has them put a bunch of oil & vinegar on and if you plan on keeping half for dinner or next day be careful w/ mikes way as it'll saturate the bread over time.  Mikes Way eaten right away is the bomb tho... loves it.  Just heads up.I will say they do take some time to make the food, and lunch time can get pretty busy and lengthy so they'll want to work on that.  But they slice the meat for every sandwich and it seems that may be part of the backup.  I've gone in there at night to pickup food on the way home and it didn't seem to take as long.Pricey?  Eh... I'm not saying that... I think they're very competitive and I've never thought that the times I've been there.  Not as much as Capriotti's but not as cheap as Subway... but subway sucks so lol... Good small patio for nice days to eat outside... good amount of inside seating but again gets busy at lunch (cause it's good) and the one downside is they only have Pepsi products.... fail... I like Coke :/
5	When I lived in Ohio a Jersey Mike's opened up next to my work. They brought us a tray of free subs to sample and I have been hooked ever since. The review that claimed this place was at all like Subway have obviously never actually been to a Jersey Mike's. From the freshness of the meats to the size of the Giant (what I always get, ya im a fatty) everything is an upgrade. I generally get either one of the Philly's on the menu or the Buffalo Chicken. Both are absolutely amazing. Over the past 5 years im pretty sure I have sampled every sub on the JM menu (and have the receipts and free sub card things to prove it). Before you go, look at their website and decide which type you want. Knowing before you get there makes it much easier.
2	Justin - I HAVE eaten here - several times.  I stand by my review that this joint is just a glorified Subway.  Perhaps the quality/freshness of the ingredients is *slightly* superior.  You still get very little meat and a ton of greenery for the money they charge, which screams SUBWAY.
4	So I've lived down the street for almost three years now.  I figured it's about time i try  this place out.  It was honestly even better than i expected!  I'd heard good things.  But wow!  My only complaint was that the wheat bread tasted a little too dry for my taste.  I got the Veggie, of course, and I found it to be an excellent blend of veggies and cheese!  Good chip selection, excellent Mango iced tea!  So tasty!  I'll definitely be back!
4	This place is great, not cheap, but very tasty! Not at all like subway - ingredients are fresh and their hot sandwiches are the best!My only complaint is the wait... if you plan on stopping by on your lunch hour be prepared to wait, and wait, and wait. The place is crowded and the line does not move very quickly. I went in to pick up a large phone order, figured I could walk up to the register, pay, and get out of there. My food was bagged up and ready to go, but I was told to get in line. I was there for 25 minutes!!!!! Needless to say, most of the sandwiches got soggy...I've been here several times since this incident, and love it - like I said before, the food is great but the wait sucks :)
4	Despite my prior hum-drum experiences here, I went back yesterday, as I was in the area and was in serious need of a sandwich - nothing else was gonna cut it.  The joint was busy - surely a good sign.  And my main previous gripe was addressed - they were putting quite adequate quantities of meat on all of the sandwiches I watched being made, mine included.  I had ham, pepperoni & provolone on a white roll.  The ham was excellent.  FAR better overall impression than my previous visits here.  Still expensive, but with more meat this time, not unreasonable.  I dare say I'm now a fan and will be back.. we'll see if this was a fluke or perhaps my past visits were.
4	Yum, Jersey Mike's! I freakin' love their wheat bread with the little specks of... I don't know what it is but it's very good. The mini sandwich looks tiny when you first see only the bread but after it's decked out and rolled up, it becomes a plentiful sized sandwich. I've tried different sandwiches here... turkey, club (both kinds), italian and cheesesteak and love them all. There's something about that oil and vinegar they top it off with in the end that seals the deal. Other places do that too, but Idk here it just tastes better.Sometimes I ask for the chipotle mayo instead of the regular and it's quite yummy with a little added spice. Also, I like that they carry Pepsi products. I like it better than Coke. And they have Cherry Pepsi, too  :)
5	One of my favorite sub places. Reminds me of home on the East Coast. Highley recommend. Staff is always friendly and gets the order right the first time.
5	I'm so bummed there's not a Jersey Mike's in Tucson, but everytime I drive up to Phoenix and need a quick meal, Jersey Mike's is where I go.  I love how fresh the ingredients are - the ingredients are much more high quality than Subway or Eegees.  That's the main reason I love it - the amazingly fresh ingredients.  Otherwise it's your typical sub sandwich place.
2	I'm always in the mood for a good sandwich, so I stopped by Mike's.  As anxious as I was, I was STUNNED by the sky-high prices for what you get.  I mean, how good can a sandwich be to command 30% over market value, and 30% under volume consumed?  The bun was 70% of the presentation, and although the buns are worthy and important, they should be 20%.  The meat and cheese should be at least 50% of the value for the sandwich.  Any good consumer knows that.Here we go, with no need to elaborate---  The outcome of the big 3:Service:  This part was average, and it's what you would expect at a busy sandwich shop.  We were 3rd in line, and it was 7 minutes before we walked out the door.Taste:  I liked the taste, although I was expecting SO MUCH MORE because of the hype that they put into their t.v. commercials.  After hearing the commercial, I expected them to be the most-perfect sub, just like they said.  The bun is 70% of the sub, and while soft and tasty, should've been 20% of the sub.  It was just O.K., and it's fine for a quick bite at a sub shop.  Don't expect the meat and cheese to overpower the taste, since it's such a meager and marginal portion of the entire sub.Price:  Welcome to the 'horrendous part' of the entire ordeal.  I have no problem paying $5 for a delicious sub.  One of the market leaders has been doing $5 subs for years, and I've often wondered why any other competitors that want to be market leaders haven't driven the price down AT ALL.  I expect that they don't want to compete in an American workplace, that is expected to be DRIVEN BY PRICE.I would even give $10 for the most fantastic sub, like the ones that New Yorkers RAVE about the subs in New York.  Since this is a New Jersey import, I have HUGE problems paying $9 to walk out with an average sub + fixin's.  I'd have no problem unless, of course, Chandler had a average, upper-class wage compared to New Jersey's upper-class wage.  You'll notice that they are NOT the same, and you'll find that they are VASTLY different.If this sub would've 'rocked my world', then it's totally worth a $10 fee to escape with their fixin's.  As it was, I was left with a sub-standard sub (less than 12") and with normal, wholesome, expected, and anti-climatic fixin's.  A big let-down from what their commercials INSIST are the best.Summary:This shop is overpriced, and they don't get it.  They EXPECT that this is what you SHOULD pay for a 'premium' sub.  The trouble is, that Chandler is NOT Scottsdale, New York, nor New Jersey, and they haven't factored in the DESIRED sub shop that should be operating in a college community.  (we don't need more Scottsdale-type pricing, just college-kid pricing with college-kid type portions).  I doubt that the owners will agree, and also, please expect that the owners will maintain that they are "...doing a good thing..." for the residents of the area.  Please disregard their fantasy leanings, since they don't understand the undergraduate population.As far as stereotypes coming out of New Jersey, I'm also sure that these owners, just like the aggressive, post-WW2 unions, would ACTIVELY seek to prevent you from hearing what I've said about their food in this article.  I'm also convinced that they would also ADAMANTLY deny any affiliation with union henchmen.Viva la America!
3	Ok roast beef sub, had Mike's way. My only complaint was I was so hurried to decide and pushed down the line from the time I entered the door, that I didn't have time to really look at what might be good that I hadn't had before. I left with having an ok sub, which I wish I'd had more say in.
2	Met up with friends here for lunch.  They handled the lunch rush pretty well but nothing outstanding or unique.  I got an Italian on wheat bread.  The bread was soft and yummy, the very limited(variety-wise) toppings were fresh, but the sandwich seemed scant on the meats.  They were generous with the tomatoes and lettuce but the sandwich was still 80% bread.  I had it "Mike's way", which also included what seemed like a pint of oil and vinegar on each side.  The last few bites of my sandwich were soggy-yuck!  Price is high for what you get.  Easy parking and average service.  I'm still looking for a sandwich place with the quickness of Subway but the deliciousness of Cheba Hut.
4	I was down here doing some shopping today, and saw that there was a Jersey Mike's in this shopping complex, and I couldn't have been happier.  I spent the most of this morning running errands and getting some shopping done, and had worked up an appetite.  I was to hungry and tired to go home and fix something, so I cruised into Jersey Mike's for a sub.The place itself is clean!  Nicely decorated, with ample amounts of seating.  They have a few tables outside, but I ate indoors since it was a brisk 95 degrees today.  I went with the #9, which is the club (I think.)  It came with Turkey, roast beef, cheese, and all the toppings.   The menu listed that it also came with bacon as well.Well, when I ordered, I told the guy NO BACON.  He was fixing a few other subs at the same time, and as I was watching him, I saw him put a strip of bacon on what I thought was my sub.  He also forgot to add mustard as well.  When I got his attention, I asked him of the sub at the end was mine.  He said yes, and I requested that he remove the bacon, which he did.  He also added my mustard, thank goodness.Anyways, I got chips and a drink with it, and all around, it was tasty.  Not a bad deal, really. I'm glad I went!  I also got a cookie too, free of charge.  The guy who was running the register handed out cookies to us, as I think it was time for him to rotate a few fresh ones in.  He kindly handed me a white chocolate chunk cookie, and boy, was it good.  YUM.I really like Jersey Mike's, and would gladly return in the future.
3	I am going to give them a 3 and that is only because one of the stars is for service, their employees are friendly and personable. Sandwiches *2* mostly bread and soggy if you get it MIKES WAY! And just found out they give their employees 10-12 hrs a week...really! GO TO FIREHOUSE SUBS!!! Try the ITALIAN, AWESOME!!!!
5	Great subs, the Club Supreme mike's style was really good
3	A little pricey and the service was not very fast but the red pepper relish is a real treat. Mostly sweat with a tart kick.
3	So people were RAVING about this place at my work... and I work at a sub shop. I was tempted to see and taste the competition. Both the workers messed up a few times and dropped stuff and looked as if they were lost. MIkes way seems okay but i didnt get it.. Instead they drenched my sandwich in some sort of dressings or oils.. wow it was salty and sweet as hell. I give the sub a 2 star. and the workers a 1.. I dont know if ill be back often if ever.
1	I've eaten at Jersey Mikes Subs a few times... usually this location and I always find the subs lacking flavor. On top of that the prices are more expensive than Jimmy Johns, and I think JJs has better subs all around.
1	I have always been a big fan of Jersey Mike's, ate dozens while I lived in Florida and every sub was packed with meat and the same every single time. However, this sub shop is inconsistent and the subs I bought today were not Jersey Mike's Subs. I had the number 9 (which I've had for years) and was stunned when she put ONE slice of roast beef on the sub. If I want a sub that has one row of meat on it I will go to subway...much much cheaper. And to boot...$27 for that and two other subs that the bread tasted like it just came out of a factory...nah...you lost a customer today and one of your biggest fans.
3	Food is good, but since they slice and then make each sandwich to order, be ready to wait.  If you're on a short lunch...go elsewhereWife ordered a steak sandwich with peppers, onions and mushrooms.  The combination made the sandwich like a bowl of soup.
1	I was wondering around the complex trying to find a place to eat, when I found Jersey Mike's Subs in the corner of the strip-mall area. I was expecting a sub shop somewhat along the lines of one of their competitors in terms of price and taste. Unfortunately, neither price or taste compared to any of their competitors.I waited 15+ minutes (I'll be a little lenient because it was lunch time), but the way the line grew, I was expecting something more since it seemed like a popular place to be. There were at least 20 customers in line and only 3 - 4 people working, at most... The guy who assembled the sandwiches needed a helper because it took him for-ev-er to get all the junk on the sandwich. But, I only gripe because I am very impatient. Especially during my lunch hour at work.The price was ridiculous... $10 for a regular sub, chips and small drink. I ordered the club "Mike's Way" and took it back to work to eat. I got to work to try and eat the sub, which was a 5 minute drive away, and part of the sub was soggy from all the vinegar/oil that was on there. The other part of the bread was a little tough. The flavor? What flavor? It had bacon on it for God's sakes! It should have tasted like SOMETHING... nada... I mainly tasted the mound of vinegar that was on the thing. Needless to say, I didn't feel this place will be worth a second visit.
5	Great subs, the Club Supreme mike's style was really good
4	It is hard to find a good sandwich shop in Arizona.  Jersey Mike's subs are good and tasty.
5	Went in on Sunday, service was quick, friendly, and the food was great! Good alternative to subway.
2	Short and sweet:* terrible service* refuses to take coupons* seriously slow staff* good sandwichWon't ever go back to this location, the service is simply too poor.
4	As the name implies, this is a sub shop.  They have a variety of hot and cold subs, some traditional and some not-so-traditional.  You can get an Italian (cold cuts), meatball, Philly, and several more. So far all the ones I have tried are good.  They only have "white" or "wheat" bread, compared to others who have four or more choices.  Their bread holds up better than Subway's bread (don't know why, but Subway bread seems to turn to mush pretty quickly).They are pricier than Subway, but they are worth the difference.  And their staff was very friendly and helpful.  One thing you have to know is that after you pay you will probably have to wait about 5-10 minutes for them to bring the sandwich to you.  They make each one fresh, and custom to your order.  As near as I can tell they even slice the meat themselves after you place your order.  Unlike most places that have little bins of prepared ingredients.  So it does take a little longer.They are popular enough that sometimes they do get busy, and the line can get long.  It's because lots of people seem to like their subs.  But it also means a longer wait if you hit them during a rush.  I try to time it a bit early (maybe 11:15 am), or a bit late (maybe 12:30-1pm).  If you try to go 11:30-12 you are likely to hit the lunch rush.
5	Great service from the intial greeting at the door to the assembly of my sub to the cashier that rung me out. Pepsi fountain is clean and mixture of soda is perfect. Clean dining room.
4	We liked it! Friendly staff, extremely clean facility, nice prices and great quality of ingredients. On weekends they have a special; 2 regular subs, 2 chips, and 2 drinks for $12.99. They have a handful of toppings to choose from...I really wished they had black olives but they do have pickles! Also if you get it "Mikes Way", which is vinegar, oil, and spices, you should know they really pour on the vinegar. I prefer alot of vinegar so I like it but those of you who dont may need to let them know to go light on the vinegar. So if you're looking for some yummy subs give them a try!
4	great sandwiches! and the sweet tea is awesome! i will be going there allot lol.
5	I had a coupon, I called in an order, it was ready when I asked. I was able to get extra jalapenos. Sandwiches were delicious.  A regular is  8 inches. i had t o wait a few minutes at the cashier because it was lunch time. He apologized for the wait which was not very long.  I will be back. It was yummy!
4	Love Jersey Mike's. Being a back east girl I always go to Mike's when I want a sub. Always fresh meat & bread and gotta love they have Pepsi. Staff is always friendly and the beach pics remind me of home.
4	Service is pretty quick and workers are friendly.  They slice their meats and cheeses as they are making your sandwich.  I like the Turkey and Provolone and the bread is always fresh.  Make sure to sign up for their emails.  You will get a coupon for a free sub and drink on your birthday!
4	Best peanut butter cookie I have ever had! Oh, and the subs and service are pretty awesome too. Always get great, friendly service.
1	This place has gone way down hill since it opened.It has always been expensive but we still went there because the quality of the meat and bread were very good. They definitely seem to use better luncheon meat than most sandwich shops. When we first started going there we loved it except for the high prices, but now it is just a VERY poorly run restaurant with very low standards, poorly made sandwiches, and questionable hygiene. I know the management is terrible because the problems are so obvious and easy to fix but it just gets worse and worse. I have also talked to them on a number of occasions but they seem oblivious.The first problem I noticed, a long time ago when the sandwiches were still good, was with the lettuce that they use. This one is really hard to understand. They have the worst lettuce I have seen anywhere. Why is it so difficult to have some decent lettuce? I had to start taking it off or not having it put on in the first place. The next problem that came up with the food was the bread that had previously been good, was now almost always stale, or at least nowhere as fresh as it had been before. On the last sandwich I had there the bread literally broke up into sawdust like crumbs. The problem here is no mystery and reflects very poorly on the management and employees. They now leave their bread out on the counter and exposed to open air all day! How can you be in this business and not understand bread goes stale quickly when left out in the open?The service tends to be very poor, but to be fair, that's not exactly a rare occurrence in the food industry.Finally, and this one may just be me because it doesn't seem like people are too concerned with this in restaurants anymore, the hygiene practices have become increasingly disturbing. Often I see the person cutting the meat not caring at all that the slicer is a mess. I worked in a deli when I was younger and I know it is no big deal to keep the slicer clean. The slicer is often just smeared with residue buildup from heavy use and they won't even take the time to clean it. The mess directly under the cutting blade gets bad enough that it will make you nauseous just looking at it. In addition to this there are a couple of other issues with hygiene. When they make the sandwich a lot of the employees have a habit of pressing your sandwich into the counter top and just sliding it to the right to the next stage of preparation instead of picking it up which should be no big deal. It's almost like they are cleaning the counter top with the bottom of your sandwich. The last thing I will say about this really bothers me. For some reason a lot of the employees actually remove the loose food debris that collects on the counter while making the sandwich, by using the sandwich cutter to push it into your sandwich after it is done. I really don't appreciate them cleaning the counter by using my sandwich as a garbage can for the scraps! Just put it into the garbage. I know a lot of people will say that it's just from making your sandwich but that is often not the case because they often scoop debris from other sandwiches that's been sitting there for a while into your sandwich. How does a manager see these kinds of thing and not do something about it?It's sad because with some easy to make changes you have a good sandwich shop, but I guess they have a good location and don't feel they have to care about such things as long as people keep coming in.
4	I enjoy Jersey Mike's and make it one of my regular stops.  I especially enjoy the Chipotle Cheese Steak Sandwich.  Consistent and fresh!
5	BY FAR THE BEST SUB SHOP!!! Everything is so fresh and delicious every single time I get it. The manager is awesome, super nice and personable. If I could afford to go there every day, I WOULD! I've been to other locations around the east valley, but this location is definitely the best in my opinion :) Keep up the great work!
5	I love all Jersey Mikes, always. The subs are superior over all other chain sub shops. The guys at this specific shop are crazy nice and actually wanted to chat and offer great service. My sandwich is great every time I go here and thats what I love most about Jersey Mikes, the consistency. Any time I'm at the mall and find myself hungry, its worth the short ride across the street to get a sub from these guys.
