5	Amazing accommodations. Not to mention it is a welcome respite from other dumps that dirty the reputation of 'hostels'. You still pay acceptable rates but get hotel-like service (from bedding to a full kitchen). I'll be back.
4	Okay, so this place confused me, but in the end I really enjoyed it. You can stay at this place as either a hotel (website above), or a hostel.  The difference between the two comes in the room and the price.  I stayed here as a hotel and got a "king" bed (really a double in American standards) and a private room with a luxurious bathroom. Now I'm not going to say private bathroom because there were actually no walls between the shower, jetted tub, and sink and the bedroom.  There was luckily a door to the toilet area. Outside of the exposed bathroom, I really liked this place.  Judging from what I saw of another customers receipt, staying here as a hostel (shared room - bunk beds) cuts the price in half. The hotel is located in the Latin Quarter of the city, right off of St-Catherine - the shopping street, and within walking distance to anything you would like to check out in downtown Montreal. The common indoor space consisted of a bar that was open until 3am, some high top tables, a small couch area with a TV, and 2 computers available for use - internet was free and available in the rooms as well.  Outside there is a courtyard with picnic tables set up.  breakfast is included in the room price with a selection of breads(croissants, muffins, waffles, bread) - all cooked on site (though some from frozen), hard boiled eggs, orange juice, and coffee and tea.The people who work here are young, good looking :) and really friendly. They are always smiling and happy to help you find something to do in Montreal. The clientele in general is young, as you can imagine with a hostel.There is no allotted hotel parking, but there are a few public parking garages in the area that will run you about $10 a day.     Overall, though I didn't really know what to expect from a hotel/hostel, I really really liked staying here and I could see myself booking another hotel room here on my next visit to Montreal.
3	This was the first hostel I've ever been to, and I mostly enjoyed my stay.Positives:+ It is situated in the Latin Quarter and on the border of the Gay Village, making it a great place to be.  It is two blocks from one of Montreal's main subway stations, Berri-UQAM.+ Staff members are super friendly and helpful.+ There are lots of activities here if you are alone or want to make friends.+ Relatively quiet.Negatives:- Breakfast is really bad, especially the coffee and the juice- My private bedroom and bath had a half of a wall that separated the bathroom from the bedroom.  Luckily I was with my girlfriend, so I didn't encounter too many privacy issues.  If had gone with a friend, I would've been very uncomfortable.  There was no advanced warning that this was a set up of the room.All in all, I would recommend stay here over picking any other expensive place located on the same block.
5	The 5 stars are truly well deserved. The place is located right behind the central bus station and right next to the Berri-UQAM which is the main metro station. you can catch a bus or a metro to anywhere in Montreal by just walking a 100 ft from the hostel. You can get a weekly/daily/3day pass from the bus station and the neat thing is that the ONE pass is good all the time for multiple trips on the train, the bus and the metro! To get to the hostel from the airport; simply hop on the 747 bus which runs 24/7 and get off at the last stop. you will end up at the central bus station and the hostel is right around the corner. See..EASY..don't even need to read the sings or pay close attention to the names of the stop that your jet lagged minds will not comprehend unless you speak fluent french. The staff is EXTREMELY friendly and not in a desperately pleasing kind of way either. They will literally go out of their way to accommodate your reasonable needs and are very responsive to any problems you have while you are staying there. While the cleanliness level is not the same as a 5 star hotel it is on the top of my list for the cleanest hostels i've stayed at. They clean up every room every morning like clockwork and even give you fresh towels. The restrooms are inside the room so you end up sharing it with only the people in your room and not the ENTIRE hostel. The beds are very clean and they change the sheets every so often too. If you are looking to use their lockers be sure to bring your own either emall or medium sized locks. big locks will NOT fit the holes in the lockers they have. There is bar in the main lobby and definitely the place to hang to to meet other tourists. If you are traveling by yourself, with a group of friends or even as a couple and are looking to stay on the cheap I would highly recommend this place. Every Tuesday night the staff organizes for everyone staying at the hostel to go clubbing/dancing and they do a good job of making sure you are having fun. They have local DJs come and play every Friday night as well. It is also around the corner from St.Dennis which has good places to eat at that stay open late and 2 blocks from the bars on St.Katherine st.
4	I love Montreal Centrale. The best staff in the world and it's CLEAN. Yes, the dorms are 8 person both gender, but each room also has it's own bathroom that's cleaned daily. All linens are provided (sheet, blanket, towel) so it's a neat deal. The bar out front has drink specials for guests only and there's a free family meal on Friday. I was sad to leave. Next time I'm in town I'll stay here again
5	I've stayed in a fair amount of hostels across Europe and a few in the US and this was probably the best one I've ever been to. Most importantly, it's clean. The bathrooms are ensuite, not dorm style, so no lugging your shower stuff back and forth. They change towels every day which is pretty crazy, but awesome. There is also a mirror in the bedroom (for us girls that do our makeup every day, rejoice!) and outlets next to each bed so you don't have to argue about who's going to charge their phone next. There are lockers, too (BYO lock).Aside from the cleanliness and amenities, the hostel is also in an AWESOME location, right near lots of bars and restaurants and half a block from a metro station so it's super easy to get anywhere. It's actually not too bad of a walk from the historic Old Port either, if it's a nice day (about half an hour). The staff is super friendly. On Tuesday, they took everyone out to the Gay Village (right around the corner) to go clubbing. Plus there's a bar in the hostel, so it's really easy to meet people. Totally recommended, especially for solo travelers! Thanks guys!!
5	514, what a sincere pleasure it was to see, smell, taste, hear and touch you again.Very affordable and choicely adjacent  to the Metro (Beri-Uqam Station - which serves the Orange, Green and Yellow lines) and major bus terminal, Montreal Central is an excellent choice for a hostel. It's one block away from Rue St. Catherine and within a 7-9 minute walk to the theatre (place de arts), 'red light district' and shopping area.My particular booking was for 2 nights, Friday check-in/Sunday check-out. I was expecting to be joined by up to 5 guests in my room, but upon entering it was just me. One descent sized room for 6 all to myself! I should've thrown a damn party.The bathroom (or washroom in Canadien terms) is within the room, so no need to run thru the hallways in your towel. They also offer complimentary continental breakfast QAM (every morning) between 7-10am.Customer Service:After checking out of MC, I realized I misplaced my baseball gloves within the last 12 hours of being in MTL, and returned to ask Myriam (receptionist) to take a look into my booked room and see if it was left behind. Her search came up empty, and my hands were left susceptible to germs on the Metro. 7 days later, I got an email from her stating that she found a pair, and asked if they belonged to me. I didn't leave my name or contact number, but she must've remembered which room I was in and did a little detective work to locate my contact info. What a fuckin' buttercup!Though the gloves she found didn't belong to me, shout out to mon cheri Myriam for remembering me and reaching out to seek its owner. YOU alone are the reason for the 5th star in my review, and to top it off you're cute as hell. Merci bien!Go Bruins!-Beantowns Finest
5	bonjour, people.  i had a wonderful time at this hostel.  let me explain a few things.  the atmosphere: it seems like it's geared more towards younger people, though there were a few older travelers.  i felt somewhere in the middle, lost somewhere in my late 30s.  but that's ok, because that's how life is at that age.  the first night i was there i got 2 coupons for $2 drinks at the bar that's associated with the hostel, about a 5 minute walk down st. catherines.  i had $5 in my pocket.  it was enough for 2 jameson on the rocks and a $1 tip.  it was comedy night and they had a tip hat which suggested a $6 donation, or "pay what you can".  the people were funny and they offered me a ride to a bar, but i was already drunk at that point.  (i got more money from the ATM.) the location: you should walk around a bit before deciding what the neighborhood is like.  i made the mistake of only walking up and down st. hubert street on my first night there, after i was already a bit sloshed.  i thought it was weird because the HMC says that it's a block or two from the latin quarter.  i thought, "is this the latin quarter?  there's really nothing here."  on my last day there i stumbled upon both the real latin quarter and the gay village.  it's a shame that i didn't figure it out until then, when my legs were pained from walking for several days.  in fact, if you're a walker, it's not that far from several neighborhoods.  i walked to old montreal to look at church-y stuff and cobbled streets.  it was maybe 30 mins.  one night i was near the plateau-miles end area and walked back to the hostel from there.  30 mins also.  if you don't have a lot of time, just take the metro.the hostel: my room was good.  nothing fancy, but so what?  it was better than lots of "good" hotels i've stayed at.  the room was just for sleeping and mid-day naps.  the bathroom was really good and i enjoyed my showers after a long day of looking at things and imagining that i was living somewhere else in this world.  same thing with the breakfast.  nothing fancy, but i basically just wanted something to get me through the early part of the day.  waffles, toast with peanut butter, orange juice and coffee.  there are too many places to eat at in montreal to worry about breakfast. i was thinking about giving this 4 stars, solely because i know that there are lots of people who aren't the biggest fans of hostels.  but then i thought, why would you be reading these reviews?  it's a hostel.  if i go back to montreal i will probably stay here.  the only reason i would consider somewhere else is because one of the nights i was out near the downtown area and it seemed like there were a million more things to do there.  i paid $11 to take a cab back to HMC since it was late.  but anywhere near downtown will probably cost twice what i paid on this trip.again, i can't emphasize enough how friendly the staff are.  have a good time in montreal!!!
5	I stayed August 2-5 for a music festival (Osheaga) and had a great time at this hostel. The location was perfect, we were a short metro ride from the park where the festival was being held and within a half hour walk to all kinds of shopping (Centre Eaton, Chinatown). Complimentary breakfast in the morning was minimal but had the necessities --and since we were paying so little, any kind of free breakfast was a bonus. Staff were always friendly and helpful, and whoever chooses the music in the lobby area has great taste. This is a great place if you're looking to visit Montreal on a budget. Also, the mattresses in the rooms look thin but are actually sooo comfy!
4	Stayed for three nights to celebrate NYE in Montreal!  Check-in was easy and we were pumped to find out there was a safe, indoor (heated) parking lot half a block away for $12 a day.  Our room was clean and had everything we needed.  Perfect location to the metro and centrally located to lots of fun spots.  Everyone was super nice too.  Minor issue with a running toilet, but oh well.  And in typical hostel fashion, there was a bit of noise throughout the night as people got back from a night out.  Breakfast was toast, waffles, muffins, croissants, and hard-boiled eggs.  Coffee & juice too.  Ends at 10am. Would definitely stay here again!
5	First time staying at a Hostel and was worry about sharing rooms with strangers and the cleanliness of the rooms. Got to the hostel earlier then expected, the staffs were extremely friendly and helpful. They held our bags and we were offered free coffee and juice. (7-10am) My cousin and I stayed in a Female 4 bed room for one night. The room was simple, enough space for the four of us. The only complain would have to be the worn out beds, it's too soft. It's so soft that your lower back sinks into the mattress. Great location, amazing staff
4	I stayed at the smaller of these two hostels with a friend for July 4 weekend.  Everything was clean, enough space for the two of us and all our stuff.  We had a private room and it was more like a hotel room than a hostel. Room had a fridge which was plus!  Walking distance to the main shopping drag, metro close by, near the Latin Quarter.  Friendly and helpful staff, cheap safe parking down the block.  There's a cute garden out back.  We didn't have any issues with noise at night but that could have been because we rolled in during the small hours.  I'd stay here again.
5	Clean, comfortable facilities, friendly staff, cool events (comedy show thurs!). All around great experience.
5	My go-to place when staying in Montreal.Clean, modern, and vibrant. Lots of friendly young travellers, and a licensed bar at the check-in desk. The only downside is that the kitchen/cooking area is very small.
5	SCHUCKS!! I totally forgot to take pictures of this place while I was there. Anyhow!! I had a lovely time staying here and whenever--because I will--make another trip to Montreal, I'll definitely be staying here again. Here's why:Staff: The staff were so friendly, hospitable, welcoming, helpful and knowledgeable about the city of Montreal. I got into Montreal at 3am and one of the guys (Ben) let us stay in the lounge area, let us leave our bags till our room was ready at 2pm while we toured the city and we were able to have coffee and/or tea. All the staff were extra cool and were always attentive when we needed something.I forgot the cleaning ladies name but she is a Black lady who was super nice and kept our room immaculate and sanitary. Tip that woman. Hostel/services/activities: The hostel has a very homely, college dorm,  vibe. Everyone is lounging around in the main lounge area or in the front or back patios, getting to know one another, drinking, eating, whatever. Its very laid back There's free breakfast between 7am-10am everyday and there's A LOT of food, so I recommend you take advantage! Plus, you'll save money.  There's wi-fi, a bar, a tiny kitchen that's open from 10am-10pm. and if you want you can get new linen and towels everyday. But don't act like you do because you don't even get new linen and towels at home. The place is pretty immaculate and I hadn't had any sanitary issues for the 4 days I was there.HMC also host some fun activities for the people in the hostel and the employee's to get to know each other and bond on their journey's. There's walks around Montreal, trivia game nights and more. Location:  HMC is located in a very central and perfect area. Right off of Berri UQAM station which connects to almost every other train station, around the corner from the bus terminal, 2 blocks away from Stereo Night club, Gay Street and close to many other bars, clubs and shops. The location is simply perfect. Price: The prices are located on the website but I promise you its very reasonable and inexpensive. Of course, if you get a private room (with a your own bathroom) you'll pay more but even a private room isn't so expensive. Your wallet won't be raped.If you're looking for a great Hostel to stay at, you really can't go wrong with this place. The service, the staff, the location is on point and there's plenty of fun to be had. SHOUT OUT: I want to make a special shout out to my homies Tebow (yes, pronounced like the football player)  and Alexander who works at HMC at the front desk. The guys were awesome and were more than happy to help me around the city and answers question I had. On top of that, they were awesome people period and fun to chat with. When I come here again, I hope to see you guys (if either of you are reading this), it would make my stay even better!
