5	This is the best kosher market in the Valley. Outside Arizona you might find a better selection, but this is the best here.Imperial is run by Dad and two sons. Everyone is friendly and helpful. No attitude. Many places will treat you like you're ignorant if you aren't a regular and need to ask questions. Not here. Genuinely nice guys.It is a very small shop, nearly crammed with goodies without being overstuffed. They carry the complete Simply Bread line. Sometimes they run out of these items, but they will let you know when the next delivery will be. The challah rolls make for great sandwiches. Deli meats include a large variety of turkey based products, so it's possible to avoid beef if you like.  Turkey breast, smoked turkey breast, turkey salami, turkey pastrami, turkey bologna, etc.  They also make sandwiches to go but I've never had one.In addition to the usual stock of Kosher food, the owners import several fresh Israeli foods, including hummus. This is the main reason for the fifth star. The imported selection is great fun and discovery. Unfortunately, the choices are not always predictable, so I might go in for hummus and it won't be there, but something new might have come instead. There are also Israeli spices, jams, chocolate (including dairy-free chocolate), and wines. Breakstones whipped butter and Temptee cream cheese are in the cold case.I also like that they package fresh chicken wings. I used to buy the IQF wings, but they are never as good as fresh. A good BBQ sauce and wings. Thank you Imperial Market.
5	I would echo everything in Cindy L.'s review.  Imperial is a small market, but they offer an amazing variety and quality of foods.  The owners are sweet, friendly, helpful and just plain nice.  We are so very grateful for their presence here, and for how they serve our community.
1	My review of Imperial Market. Well, this would have been 2 weeks ago. Friday afternoon, 12pm. A friend and myself ventured in after seeing the place for a long time. We walked in, 2 gentelman working. We stood in the "lobby" for a few minutes and decided to seat ourselves. I noticed a family of 4 eating but no one else in the building. After 5 more minutes, watching one of the servers come in and deliver appetizers to said family, I grabbed menus for my friend and myself. I read said menu and decided on the wonderful sounding corned beef sandwich on rye, just like grandma used to make em. 10 minutes go by, said server delivers entrees and drinks to said family of 4. But not once does he look in our direction. Not once. So after a few more minutes we decide to leave, no service, you'd do the same, right? As we are walking through their store to get to parking lot in the rear, one of the gentelman says, "Thanks guys.". REALLY???  What do you think we did to recieve such service? My grandparents were upstanding, WELL respected members of Arizona's Jewish community. And honestly would be apaulled by the way I was treated there. I have told several friends, (and strangers for that matter) about my expierence there and have heard similar stories from a few of them. To think that a place like this, for the people, by the people, would "profile" people and treat them with such disrespect. I will continue to rant about their poor service to anyone that will listen. Boy oh boy I wish my grandparents were around to hear this one...
4	Great kosher food and they have this fabulous kosher fake "bacon" that I love to buy.  Greasy, but so good....moderation is everything right?  The owners are some of the nicest people on the planet and if you are looking for kosher food - they have a great selection.  I will sometimes have them make me several different salads before a Yom Tov and they really do an amazing job!
5	Most people don't know that there is also a dining area here in addition to their deli. I try to come back often, as they have the BEST fried chicken AND french fries. It may take about 20 minutes for them to prepare it and they do confirm, but it's worth the wait. This is what I call clean food as you can tell the oil is fresh and so is the chicken. It is so juicy and the crunchy coating is amazing. And the service is always very courteous and friendly.
1	The Fried Chicken was really dry, but it was also delivered to me in Scottsdale, so possibly it sat too long.  The vegetables with it had zero seasoning and half were fresh, the green beans were canned.
1	Overpriced items both in the store and on the menu compared to other kosher places in the area.
4	This review is for the kosher market, not for the adjacent restaurant, which I have never tried.  I drive 20 miles to get here a couple of times a month.  Why?  Not for the prices, which are in line with other kosher stores in this area, but definitely not cheap.  Not for the ambiance, which is clean but crowded and a little disorderly.  Here's why --Imperial Kosher tries to serve the needs of the kosher community in a very small store, and it succeeds.  Selection is surprisingly large for such a small space.  They seem to have most of the essentials, including meats, cheeses, and a full service deli.  Most importantly, somebody has spent time trying to get good quality products on the shelves; not everything marked kosher is something you would enjoy eating, but Imperial has found a lot of worthy items.  Don't be afraid to try a brand you don't know well.This is a true family place, so don't expect supermarket-like efficiency.  But do expect friendly service and people who care about their customers.  IMPERIAL: Suggestion for your restaurant.  At off hours, anyway, consider making it into a self-service coffee/tea bar.  Make some reading materials available, sell a few pastries.  Maybe your customers will hang around for a while.  You could be a cool meeting place.
