5	Super clean and comfortable tattoo shop, where talented artists do custom work, like its their jobs....because it is.  Daniel Roacha, one of the most talented and award winning tattooists  in the valley, creates some incredible, one-of-a-kind pieces here.  Daniel worked on a sleeve we started a few months ago, and I couldn't believe how it turned out.  Pictures to come soon.If you're looking for a life-long addition to your appearance that's going to turn heads, the guys at Seven Tattoo Studio have you covered.
5	Amazing, award-winning and immensely clean shop! The shop makes you feel comfortable and its awesomely decorated!Been going to Pete Terranova for years! If you are looking for an amazing and talented artist, he's your guy. I always walk out of there more than happy. His work always exceeds my expectations beyond words. Definitely proud of my ink & the man behind it all. I am definitely the biggest fan!Go see Pete at Seven!
5	I would trust any one of these artists to Tattoo me. We are loyal customers of Pete T who is one of the most amazing artists in Vegas. This place is safe, clean, and you will walk out with gorgeous one of kind art on your body. These are top award winning tattooists from competitions all over the country, it would be silly to go anywhere else in Vegas. Their prices are reasonable and not doubled just because they're in Vegas.  Visit Pete Terranova's and Carl Grace's FB and you will see why they are the best!
5	Super clean, laid back, every artist in this shop is amazing! Pete T is working on my cover up and it could not be coming out any better! I love having a tattoo that I can show off as much as I do. The detail work that Pete does is unmatched to any work that I have seen out here. 100% worth every penny.
5	Carl Grace is simply an absolute monster of tattoos.  His free hand stuff is beyond amazing.  This is as good a shop as you will find in Vegas or anywhere else.  If you want to go to the dark side, see Carl.
5	Great place to get a tattoo.  I would recommend these folks to anyone in vegas or planning a trip to vegas. Kip has done all my work but all the artists have their specialty. They're all laid back but the place is spotless and they are meticulous about keeping the place clean. Kip has done an amazing job for me.
5	Great tattoo shop..!! I am from California and traveled all the way to this tattoo shop because i wanted a master piece on my back and this is the spot to get great art work. This is a really clean, professional shop and  very welcoming.. Everyone here is extremely talented, they aren't the type you just go to get a tattoo they are REAL artist.. The prices are great for the quality of art work you are getting.. I got my tattoo be the owner Daniel and he is AMAZING.. He is so talented and funny.. I totally recommend this shop...
5	Seven Tattoo is the place to go for Custom Tattoo work.  Every Artist in there is very talented.  I only have work from Carl Grace and Joseph "Fanx", but  if I lived in Vegas I would have work from all their artist.  I'd give this place 3 thumbs up, but I only have 2 thumbs.  Stop by talk and plan your next tattoo from this shop, when you're in Vegas, Baby!
1	This was my second of three tattoo shop stops for the day. I can only rate this based on the service that I didn't get because I went to the shop at 215pm on a Tuesday afternoon and the shop was locked and no one inside. The open sign was on and all the lights were on but no one around. I was looking for a shop I could trust out here since so many are more about tourists and their $$$ and less about artistic ability.I called once every five minutes for 15 minutes hoping someone was occupying the bathroom or they just ran out for food real quick but no luck.Went to Bad Apple tattoo instead. Set my all day appointment for next week.
