5	This place delivers.. ok maybe not literally, but it does bring the goods to the table and my tastebuds!I have been here about 5-6 times so far with some good friends who showed me the place. The owner and his wife are a class act and have a good thing going here.Check the place out, shake the owners hand and have the maple hot wings.Tv and projector is nice and the bar seemed to be filled full of jolly people too, nice place to catch a game.  Wings are only 2.50 a lb on mondays!Hope others see this and give this place a try.-shawn5 stars! P
3	Ok I'm going to start with 3 stars.   I decided I needed a breakfast beer this morning.........not to early..... so I gave jimbos  a whirl it's located in the old vine tavern bldg on main and recker  basically it's the vine under new ownership I had wings sold by the pound $6.99 a bit pricey but tastes were good I also brought home the tuna stuffed tomato salad for the wife which was decent lettuce straight out of the bag and some of the lettuce was a bit wilty again not bad but a bit pricy $8.99 on a better. Note they actually had a good selection of beer on 3 different taps from four peaks,shock top and the usual domestics I will go back to give a few other things on the menu a try .....the menu is extensive
3	Went again for a second try had the fish and chips which were good fries good but not hot  ,cold slaw average wait girl was nice ,efficient  and on her game. Like I say they have a good beer selection icy cold mugs and lots of tv's for you sports fans
4	Excellent service and wings were fantastic.  Love the sour cream fries!  A little noisy, but it is snowbird season.
3	The wings were excellent. The beer was very cold. The appetizers were so so (good sweet potato fries, marginal fried mushrooms and greasy chips for nachos). We ordered ribs but were disappointed to find they were "out" very early in the evening.
3	I'm so sorry to hear that this locally-owned establishment is closing it's doors after 2.5 years.  I'm really going to miss the sour cream fries, the friendly servers and all of the cute wedding reception pictures on the walls!  Good luck to Jim and Cathy on their next venture.
4	I will miss their wings....sorry that they closed :(
