3	$1.25 well drinks are the main draw for me on Thursdays at Armadillo Grill, a nice sports bar - but the well drink special is little known about so it doesn't attract as skeezy of a scene as one would think.   I've been here several times, and I'm told that the food is pretty decent too.  Some restaurant industry friends of mine frequent the place as they serve food until 1 AM.  The bartenders are friendly, the confines are very spacious and service is always decent.   Check it out.
2	i went there once a while back and it was dirty and never went back... but if Stevey is right about the drink specials i might have to re-visit
3	Whoa hold the phone. I didn't know anything about this $1.25 Well Drink special on Thursdays so I will certainly have to revisit this spot. I have eaten here a few times, as a friend of mine is a big fan of this place, but I just couldn't see it. It felt like he was talking about a girl he thought was attractive and she gets built up and built up and when you finally meet her you have no idea what he was talking about. She isn't ugly, but you probably wouldn't have gone as far as to say she is all that great, either. Maybe I haven't ordered the right thing, so next time I head in I'll try something new alongside my dollar cocktail.
4	4-stars for this simple reason: it's low key and unpretentious. Whether it's Tuesday or Saturday, there's room for you. It may not be at the bar, but there's room. I prefer this place on a weekday. Sit at the bar, watch the TV, drink the specials and chat with the bartenders. Or, play darts on modern-day dart machines. It's comical to play Cricket in space, or with balloons. If that doesn't fancy you, play it straight. Or meander to the pool tables and hit some balls around. Or, if you need some fresh air, step outside on the patio... Most often you'll see a red/blue flashing light show. Fun times. It's not the easiest place to find if you don't know what you're looking for. I think the large strip mall across the street distracts you while you're driving. But, turn your gaze to the north side of the street and look closely for this hidden gem. Stopping in for a drink or two is definitely well worth it.
5	I LOVE the food here.LOVEIt's an offtrack race horse betting bar, with cheap drinks and happy hour specials.  However, I regard myself as somewhat of a foodie, and I LOVE the food here!!Their ahi tuna salad is sooooooo good and cheap!Their beef stroganoff is awesomeTheir grilled cheese and tomato soup is great!Try the food, you won't be sorry.
5	I don't give good reviews easily but this is one great restaurant!  It has an amazing Buffalo Chicken Sandwich.  The hamburgers are great and their fish and chips are to die for.  The meatloaf is somewhat questionable.  The prices are really good to.  The place is clean but tends to be a little loud.
5	When you go, get the Thai sticks as an appetizer!What I really love about this place?  The races!  While I don't gamble, it's rare to go to a clean, classy place and see races.  The menu is vast.  I like the hummus platter:  surrounded by slices of cucumber and other fresh veggies.  The hummus has a bit of a kick, which is how I make it when I actually have the time.My servers are always super-friendly and have an awesome sense of humor!Service is quick, too!
3	Casual, unpretentious bar near The Biltmore area. Decent selection of food and drinks, all reasoably priced. Gaming area, pool tables and outdoor patio with misters. Best of all, it's within stumbling distance of home!!!!!
3	The food sucks... don't order the fried pickles, ever!It's a total dive... don't sit down in the restrooms, ever!The bartenders are good, the games are fun, and they have pool. What more can you ask for? I've been here a hundred times after work, and there is always something going on. It's definitely an "industry" bar if you know what I mean... always full of bartenders, waiters, and hotel people. We go here because it's cheap, a good place to wind down after work, and they have golden tee.
4	The Good the Bad and the UglyThe Good, Food and friendly sincere service that is available "late night" will defiantly earn my 4th star.  The menu is so large that you can very easily miss an entire page. And the food offered is all over the place from meatloaf and cheesesteaks to great dinner items you find in upscale dinning restaurants.  The bad,Drink Specials are tempting enough to go here to get bombed.  If you are a binge drinker or just love great deals, Armadillo Grill is your weekday hook up. The Ugly,Sorry staff and management I love you guys but pointing fingers does not keep a restaurant  clean.   But it does keep the local dive bar feel alive and I'm ok with that.
4	i really like this restaurant. this is a combo bar & restaurant. THERE IS ALSO OFF TRACK BETTING FOR HORSES!  in the main room is a bar surrounded by tables. i think it looks pretty cool. all the tables have black table cloths and candles. there are multiple tvs for betting or sports.  the food is advertised as ecclectic. the menu is large with a great variety of food. this is not just plain bar food. they have ribs, steaks, calamari, sandwiches, burgers, chicken, pasta, etc....  i think the food is really good. the steaks are great and they give you plenty of quality vegetables for sides. the salads are large and they have a variety of specialty salads. appetizers are priced better then other places. they have a cheap appetizer menu 7 days a week for happy hour. appetizers during happy hour are ONLY $3.00. they have simple appetizers like wings up to really good like calamari. 3.00! they are known for their deep fried pickles which i find good. if you are looking for a more quiet place to sit other then the bar area and tv area, there is a separate dining room. i've never been let down by their tasty food and quality service. you can go here for a good party time, a romantic dinner, or a family dinner. good all around place. they have a smokers patio with misters.
5	This place really makes me miss living in Phoenix.  Sure, it's not your average upscale Biltmore place, and the atmosphere is definitely relaxed and dive-y, but if that's what you like then the 'Dillo is great.  Drinks are way cheap, bartenders are very friendly and remember you, cheap pool, and I'm sorry, but I absolutely love their fried pickles (they're only $3 after 11!).  What more could a girl ask for?
5	Oh how I love thee Armadillo GrillThrough the years, I still love.LOVELOVE LOVE LOVE THEIR FOOD!I order their seared tuna salad without noodles and with the dressing on the side.  YUM.I love their armadillo gold sauce on the chicken slidersMmmmmLOVE.
5	This is one of my favorite bars, its a cool relaxed environment. It has a great daily happy hour and reverse happy hour.  I have taken many friends and business clients, they have all wanted to go back.  Great food and drinks.  The wings in the Armadillo gold sauce can be voted Phoenix Best.  Their potato skins are the best I've had (when they don't come out a little burned I must admit).  Can you say Fried Pickles!  Give it a shot, if you like pickles you will love the Fried Pickles.  If you get the burger, you need to get the onion rings!!
4	After sneaking in to the Biltmore to use their hot tub for 2 hours, we needed a place to grab some food and a drink or two. Of course, it was more for me that we needed a dive-y sort of place as I had no makeup and a baseball hat covering my wet hair. Nico recommended Armadillo's and I was a fan right away. We sat at the bar and the bartender was friendly and prompt with our drinks. We ordered: *Wings in Armadillo Gold Sauce- Nico loved them *Potato Skins- soooo good! Some of the best skins I've ever had *Hummus and Pita bread- also v good. Pita was warm and toasted perfectly There were a lot of sports fans glued to the Chargers game and it was a fun atmosphere.  Definatly a place to stop in for cheap food and drinks, with or without looking like a complete scrub.
3	The Armadillo Grill is an unpretentious, friendly neighborhood bar/grill in the Biltmore area. The atmosphere and friendly bartenders are a refreshing change of pace from the rest of  the area. The food isn't bad. But it's not necessarily awe-inspiring, either. A friend insisted I try their famous fried pickles so I did. They were okay, but I mean, it was just a hot claussen covered in breading. Mmm. But hey, if I was hammered, I'm sure I would have been all about it. Another gut-bomb appetizer I indulged in was the fried mozzarella. No explanation needed there. The hummus was better than I expected, though. So were the wings... With both sauces. And no this was not a 1am tuesday binge session. I don't do that anymore.Good drink specials. Hoegaarden on tap. This is the perfect place to come when you want to get drunk for cheap and cram your face with a bunch of shit you know you shouldn't.
3	Cheap Happy hour specails, Great service, and pool Table... I'm misty eyed allready...hopeing it would just get better from there... but little power for laptop meetings... Food just OK... and so is this place just OK...
4	Really? Seriously? Sarah L. is the L for Little Pompous? Where is your hood, North Snottsdale? Unbelievable. How can you review a restaurant you didn't even eat at??? from your review you just walked in had a beer, peered down your nose and left. This is a great little spot tucked away unsuspectingly on Camelback road. They have a great happy hour, pool tables and a surprisingly great menu. I haven't been here in awhile because of the economy the way that it is. But they did have off track betting as well . Not sure if they still do. The service is good the people are fun and friendly. I like bar food but you can get so much more here. Some of my Fav's The herb crusted beef tenderloin is outstanding great cut of meat cooked to perfection. The Mediterranean stuffed chicken stuffed with artichokes, black olives and feta with a dill sauce and wild rice it is delish! I am not a big fan of Pesto but their Penne pesto cream is yummy. Also try the Thai Chicken skewers, Artichoke Croquettes, Louisiana Shrimp, or the Cracked Black pepper Calamari! This is a restaurant/bar! It's a joint, a neighborhood hang out. I hate to be rude but geez, you stick to your hood and I'll stick to mine. When you offer a review in the future you should start by saying I rarely go anywhere that doesn't require a 20.00 cover and has a coat check.
5	Hi-Hubby and I are trying to find new places to eat. We recently checked out this place and loved it. Arriving late evening we weren't looking to be shocked. Found out they have OTB and I really liked the ambiance. The dining room had cool tables set up for late night intimate dinners or fun evenings of shots and pool. The menu was great, lots of dining options and all sorts of specials. Our server Ryan was so nice, helping us make our final decision having the Fish and Chips and their specialty 'Penne Pesto Pasta. They both were so delicious, the fish was crispy and cooked just right, and the 'signature dish' was full of flavor and easy on the eyes. The manager Mike came by and made sure we were happy.We were.
4	O yeah, we had to go back here. I really like the atmosphere and they have great specials. Plus they have gambling and tasty food. This time I ordered the signature soup, rustic tomato and a starter salad. I wasn't in the mood for heavy food and that was perfect. The salad was a salad but nicely done. No package salad here.The soup was delicious, a little cool, I should have mentioned it to our server but I didn't want her to take it from me.  LOL!  Very creamy and full of flavor. Hubby ordered the wings, extra crispy, and he really liked them. They looked awesome. Of course it was Tuesday , the Tuesday Teas were featured, hubby had one and enjoyed it.  Will definitely be back, very good food and we like the way it's presented.You can tell the kitchen takes pride in what goes out. We eat with our eyes first, you know? Keep up the good work, it's appreciated!    Linda
3	This place was dissapointing to me. I was excited based on the reviews but wasn't pleased with the food. I ordered a ceasar salad and the dressing was almost slimy. That is the only way I can describe it.  My date ordered a philly cheese steak sandwich that was awful. It tasted like pure salt. Maybe we got the wrong items? The server was nice but pretty pushy on us getting alcohol. The prices were great on the drinks but the margarita was an awful choice. It was bad. The long island ice tea wasn't terrible but I guess this is just a place to go for cheap drinks and medium food. I would prefer going to Chili's over this place. Sorry Armadillo Grill. I wanted to love you.
5	Okay so a sports bar is the LAST place I expect to find mouthwatering deliciousness. But this place is undeniably a must eat. Ive been here a few times and I have never been disappointed, but what prompts me to write about it is the Acapulco Shrimp Quesadillas. They are out of this world, the spicy jalapeno creme sauce is genius! My coworker ordered the pesto pasta and it smelled heavenly. The smell is that smell that even though you're stuffed beyond belief you still want to keep eating because it smells so good smell. Does that make sense.  Other than that its a great place to people watch..off track betting spot.. need I elaborate? You will NOT be disappointed by the food in fact it will trump any bad service experience you may have.
4	Upon first impressions, not that impressed. After a few minutes, I'm in love. The bartneders qere amazing, hooking it up with much needed shots and a free beer when he forgot to change the keg. The bartenders love to joke around and it seems like there are a lot of regulars. Always a good sign...I would give this place five stars if I had the food, they have tomato soup. Alas, I was out with the biggest tool in N Scottsdale and apparenty I didn't deserve a meal with this horrible "date" because I wanted to leave so I could watch It's Always Sunny. Best decision of my life!Also, a warning to all Armadillo employees, I may attempt to steal that big red chest in the Women's bathroom. It may take a few attempts, and I may get arrested, but I have to have it!
4	I've been coming here for the last 3 years and have to say it always delivers.  The drink specials are addicting, the food is way beyond what you'd expect at a bar, and the scene on weekends is packed full of people looking to kick back after a long week's work, relax, and have a good time.  Highly recommended!
5	I love this bar! The bartenders are awesome a lot of regulars here and I can see why it's easy to become one everyone is really nice. I went there with my roommate and about three times and they welcome us like we've been going for years.As far as the food I've really only had the fried pickles which are amazing! They have great drink specials and reverse happy hour. I haven't made it to happy hour yet because I'm scared I will stay there until close.The inside is nothing fancy but, enough bar games to keep you entertained.
4	After constantly passing the Armadillo Grill I started to wonder was it any good? So I read my fellow yelpers reviews. I was impressed with so many positive comments! I decided to go in and try it on a Wednesday afternoon. The place is pretty cool with a nice patio. The well drinks $3 not bad at all. The bartender a friendly gal name Kerri, that afternoon, who asks your name and introduces herself with confidence. The Dillo Burger and Fries I chose, was awesome! Burger was tasty, juice and fresh cooked to a perfect Medium as requested and steak fries were cooked to the perfect crispness. Oh yeah I'll be returning! Trying to keep myself away as I write this an it approaches happy hour now when appetizers go to half price and drinks get even cheaper, and well it is Friday! The only thing I don't like about the place is the number of TV screens with the off track betting results. Also the TVs are placed just a bit to high up for shorty here also.
5	We drive by The Armadillo Grill all the time and have always thought it was just another bar. We finally decided to give it a try tonight and we were pleasantly surprised. All of the employees were extremely friendly and the service was really fast. If our glasses were less then half full our waitress would automatically bring a new soda. The Happy hour is a great deal.They have half price munchies and $3 well drinks. We started out with the potato skins which were good because they were made with real potatoes not like the fake looking potatoes you get at chain restaurants. For dinner I had the bar b que pulled pork sandwich and my fiance had the buffalo chicken sandwich. Both were really delicious!!The atmosphere is fun because you can tell this is the kind of place that has "regulars" and where the locals hang out. Not to mention there is a TV practically every 3 feet with some sort of sport on it. We occasionally go to Turf Paradise but with Armadillo Grill so close maybe will start coming here to do a little off track betting. Much better food than the horse track and a lot less sweaty guys in tank tops.
3	Jason B. and I decided to try this place on Saturday night. I looked at the menu online and though the food sounded really interesting.We started with the Artichoke Croquettes, and the Calamari as well. We were disappointed in the Artichoke Croquettes, you get 4 half Artichokes fried with alternating Marinara and this white sauce. The only thing that was good about this dish was the white sauce, which we used to dip the Calamari in. The Calamari was your average calamari, nothing special! I ordered a the 19th Street Burger, which was cooked perfectly and came with a spicy sauce, not sure if the sauce was for the Onion Rings, but it was great of the Burger.Not sure I will be rushing back to the Armadillo Grill, but I wouldn't say no to going back again!
5	Oh, Armadillo Grill...you are something special.The first time I came here it was late at night and I wasn't expecting much at all. From the outside this bar didn't really look like my style, but the moment I stepped inside, I was confused. It's had a semi-dive feel and there were a couple of really good DJs that night. I began to think that this place was going to be an alright spot to eat late at night. Then I had the food...Two words: Fried Pickles. I've had them before at other places but Armadillo serves the best I've ever had. They were mind-boggling good! Not only were they like delicious sin in my mouth, they were also on a happy hour menu! $3.50 for an order of six! After the pickle came the chicken and I can say with confidence that it's the best chicken I've had at a bar. It doesn't matter if you get the strips or the buffalo chicken sandwich, they are both mouthwatering (writing about it right now is making me hungry). That night I left really content and sure that I would be back, and not just late at night!Once I returned I knew I should try a few other things but I'm always compelled to get the chicken. I did manage to taste the mac and cheese (with buffalo chicken!), their wings and the chicken parm. Everything was spectacular (especially as far as pubs go)!The staff at Armadillo Grill has always been great and I'm sure they will continue to be as I wiggle my way into becoming a regular here! Great happy hour, great food and friendly service in a really chill bar equals two huge thumbs up from me (I jammed them so they're both swollen)!
5	As we all know, Condor has been to many Pubs in the Queen's Empire, London, Sydney, Dublin, you name it. Yesterday, elbow to elbow at the bar of The Armadillo Grill, among kindred Sportsmen in the Valley betting on the Sport of Kings (Horse racing), at the suggestion of the gorgeous Armadillion Carrie, I tried "Richard's Pub Burger" from the Specials Menu. Needless to say, the juicy beef, cheddar cheese and delicately fried egg sandwiched between a crisp, toasted Thomas' English Muffin, rivaled the best Pub Fare in the world. Try it with a cold beer or, as my friend Jimmy said, "with a Bloody Mary! Breakfast of Champions!" Now if I could only pick a winner at Turf Paradise!
5	One of favorite happy hour places in town. If you get the wings here it shouldn't matter if you get anything else. Great location and nothing else needs to be said. Maybe a renovation on the parking lot.
4	Good bar food.  We had buffalo wings and they were ok.burger and fries and pulled pork sandwich were very good.  The fries were excellent. Happy Hour on weekends!
5	My boyfriend (the lucky Nader A.) and I were driving past, feeling hungry and irritable late at night. We went and it looked like a standard sports bar--not the kind of place I'd usually go to, but it was late and our options were limited.We sat down in a dimly lit booth and looked skeptically at the menu. We decided to go with the Fried Pickles, the Fingers and Fries, and the Buffalo Chicken Burger. I expected standard greasy bar food, but Holy Jesus, it was AMAZING! The fried pickles are huge and the batter is wonderful. I'll eat 3 of them (they come in orders of 6) and start feeling full. The Fingers and Fries are also great, the chicken is some of the most tender I've ever had. You can very gently pull it apart with your fingers. Absolute bliss. I think they use corn flakes or something in the batter; it's very flavorful and thick. I usually get the Fingers and Fries with a side of buffalo sauce and a side of ranch.The Macaroni and Cheese with Buffalo Chicken is also worth stopping in for. I always have an internal battle about whether I want that or the Fingers and Fries. The waitresses are always friendly and the place isn't usually too busy. I tried branching out for the enchiladas and wasn't very impressed, but that's fine--I'll stick to what's good. I'm here pretty regularly whenever I feel like throwing my diet to the wind...which happens at least once a week because of those damn fried pickles!
4	Love. Love. Love this place.Good prices all day long, but stick around long enough and there will be some random even greater special price of the day.  Love that even on the special prices for cocktails you still get a fairly decent pour.  The patio is great at night for watching all the crazy drivers on Camelback.  Service is always pretty good, and the managers are always roaming about helping aid in good service.  They have pool tables and tons of TVs.  I've only had one thing here that I didn't like, and that was just a personal preference thing (their nachos are with the cheese sauce instead of shredded cheese) The 1/2 price munchie menu for late night is awesome.  I have a love affair with their Hummus....soooo good!!Definitely a place to check out for sure!
5	So... I am a little biased, being that I am a former "Dillo" AND I met my future husband here.  That being said, I love this place.  The staff is efficient, very friendly and a lot of fun.The "Dillo is a neighborhood bar and grill in the Camelback Corridor with a great menu.  They serve your typical bar food, yet better... usually with their own special spin on it.  They also have a very creative lunch and dinner menu and a specials menu that changes weekly to keep you on your toes.  The wings are awesome!  They marinate in a spicy dry rub before frying and the sauce selections are very tasty and all homemade.  My personal favorite was the traditional buffalo sauce but the Armadillo Gold sauce is also very good.  Although it is a tough call, the Hummus & Pita is probably my favorite appetizer.  It is topped with ground cumin and smoked paprika that gives it wonderful flavor.  The best part about the wings, hummus and the rest of the "Munchie Menu" is that is is half price between 4-7p AND 11p-close EVERYDAY!Some of my other favorite menu items are the Buffalo Chicken sandwich (YUM!) and Seared Ahi Tuna salad.  The Penne Pesto Cream is probably one of my favorite pasta dishes EVER.  I can't leave a review with out mentioning the drink specials... Hello drink specials!!  Happy Hour everyday from 4-7 & 11-cl, that means $1 off all well drinks, draft and bottle beers.  Three Olives vodka specials on Mondays and Thursdays ($3.50 or $5 doubles, yum!).  There are many other drink specials you must check out for yourself.  I think I have rambled on enough about my love of the dillo, I moved away and just miss this wonderful little place!
4	Wow! talk about roll back prices....$1.75 wells, $3 sky's and half price munchies cost only $3.50. Rest assured the prices are not reflected in the taste at all! We ordered 2 orders of buffalo wings with Armadillo Gold sauce, potato skins, hummus and fried pickles. The wings were delicious, finger tasting good! Except I didn't care for the red onions tossed on top of the wings, easily picked off, but none the less weird! I have never had a buffalo wing served with raw onions, and i'm not about to start (next time i'll ask them to leave them off-i hate to waste food=even if its just a few diced onions). The fried pickles had a delicious breading so i didn't mind that they weren't the true dill pickles i'm used too. The ranch for the pickles was a little runny, but tasty. The potato skins were also very tasty, and best part is there was little to no grease on top because I asked them to leave the bacon off. They were cooked to precision, not dry or over baked what so ever! They sure do know how to served a good drink too. The service was good, we didn't have to wait long for anything. There were a lot of of men due to the off track betting, so you can imagine the lack of women hanging out just for the fun of it. Something about old men smoking cigarettes non-stop checking out the race sheets and pissed of about dropping money in a second keeps women away, but don't let that keep you from trying this place, especially for the Happy Hour!
3	The place wasn't too packed it looked like your average "after work" crowd...the server was quick and informed us of their happy hour specials. I decided to go with the strawberry margarita; it was pretty good and strong. We decided to order off their "munchies" menu, we ordered the salt and pepper calamari, it was cooked perfectly not too chewy and you could really taste the mix of salt and pepper...  and the mozzarella wedges were your standard fried cheese concoction served with marinara. I also ordered the wings in hot honey sauce which surprisingly were really tasty, they weren't hot at all but the sauce had a great sweet smoky flavor to it. Also some random ordered us a round of Washington apple shots so that made the food taste even better! I will def. be back to try some more food off of the regular menu.
4	Okay...so I kind of cheat. I write about places I've already been to but I'm new to Yelp and trust me, I have a new destination planned out verrrrry shortly. What can't I say about The Dillo? I've heard about this place for years and have only within the last year or so been in to take it for a test run to see how great (or bad) it could be. It's lived up to the hype.The Armadillo Grill is misleading. From the outside, it isn't what you would expect. It's a sports bar with class and the food is awesome. My favorite? The fried pickles...such a guilty pleasure but I eat them with ease. The wings are also fantastic and so's the calamari.The wait-staff are all friendly...every single person I've been served by has been attentive, friendly without being over bearing and sometimes, a big ol' smart ass (specifically Jason the bartender) which is right up my alley. Any place that has reverse happy hour is a winner in my book seeing as I work late most of the time and rarely get to make that 4-7 slot many places have. And the happy hour is fantastic! Even when I move closer to downtown, I'll still make my trip up to stop in at The Dillo....you should too!
2	So last night I experienced the Armadillo for the first time.  I honestly wasn't impressed from the amount of good and great reviews I've seen.  As a sports bar they have plenty of tv's and the game audio on which is nice.  There is not much good seating around the restaurant so eat at the bar if you can.  The food was just ok.  I had the Louisiana shrimp.  I don't know how they can call them Louisiana shrimp because everytime I've had BBQ shrimp in New Orleans they are good size shrimp.  These were tiny little shrimp drowned in sauce.  The sauce however was good and there is plenty of bread to scoop it up and eat it with.  They have several beer options which is nice and a full bar for mixed drinks and shots.  If you just are looking for a divish type bar to watch the game at with just decent food then this would be a good spot but there are many options of places like that I feel have way better food. 2.5/5
4	Always been wanting to go to this place, so a friend dragged me in here on a night I didn't feel like being out...but this place made everything seem alright. The staff was friendly but a little slow at the bar to say the least, I ordered a couple of Long Island Ice Tea's which made everything warm and fuzzy.My date ordered a couple of appetizers, can't say I really care for deep fried pickles but the wings were delicious....but how can you fuck up wings.I would have to say that I would like to give this place another ty on the food end of things. But as far as Sports bars go, this place is pretty cool, TV's could be a little bit bigger but that is a matter of opinion.Plenty of stuff to do video games and pool to.Overall not a bad little joint.
3	The server was off putting, but that always happens when you wear that much mascara. The bf and I ate here after our hair person told us they had fried pickles.  We sat in rush over traffic after our day jobs and parked in a handicap spot in order to totally fuck with the system.  Actually, the paint was faded on the spot and we just couldn't tell either way.  We didn't get towed, but you might.This place is bigger than you'd think and when we came in we were seating promptly by some chick whose probably a junior in high school and really proud of herself for working AND going to school AND doing yearbook AND trying out for the musical this year. The reason this place is worth trying is because the happy hour, as far as happy hours goes, it's pretty fucking awesome.  Half price FULL size apps is alone worth the trip.  Since they were cheap, we ordered a shit load of stuff and tried to act like we had NO IDEA how much food we were ordering, but we did.  We got the calamari, the wings, the spinach and artichoke dip and the fried fucking pickles.  We also got some beer and some Long Islands and talked about why Waterworld ruined Kevin Constner's career.  The calamari was mediocre at best, mostly batter, but you know, it's calamari, what do you expect?  It wasn't horrible, it was edible and after two Long Island's not bad at all.  The wings were a bit cold and we ordered honey hot but got barbecue instead (I don't send shit back, I silently sulk and drink more), but overall they were okay, especially for the price.  The fried pickles were better than the ones you get at Lucille's but you have to be a fan of fried pickles to like them either way.  The star of our meal was definitely the spinach and artichoke dip especially since spinach and artichoke dip is some Chili's Applebee's Ultra American bullshit that usually tastes like kitten vomit.  This stuff was good though, a little spicy, creamy, not to clumpy and served in an 80's style bread bowl with tortilla chips and slices of bread that should have been toasted but weren't.  Our tab was about 50 bucks with a tip which wasn't so bad for how much food and booze we got.  I'm not giving it more stars for a few reasons.1.  they fucked up our wing order2.  it took us like a half hour to get our food and they brought ALL the apps out at once which seems retarded when you're just ordering apps.3. it was fucking dark in there.4. soooo much mascara. Overall, I'd go back just for the dip and some drinks.  I'm pretty drunk right now actually, I could go for some fried pickles.
4	I love this bar.  The waitstaff is friendly and helpful.  There have been times when I have been personally thanked by the management.  This bar is frequented by servers from the surrounding restaurants after they get off work.  That tells me that this bar is good to their customers.  Servers and restaurant staff like to support their industry, when the atmosphere and food is good.The food is one of the best aspects of this bar.  The hummus is to die for, and their happy hour specials rock.  I also like the "stimulus menu", which offers similar food as the full menu, but cheaper prices and smaller portions.The outdoor patio area is also nice for socializing.  They have misters, which almost make it bearable in the summer.  There is smoking allowed on the patio, which is helpful if you smoke.
3	fun happy hour place! good appetizer selection! great beers! funny bartenders!
4	I suppose I'm biased since I consider this my "pub".  It's within stumbling distance from my home. I frequently stumble over there and back several times a week.I think everyone should have a pub. It's like a living room away from home. The Armadillo has the requisite multiple TV's,, happy hour specials, pool tables, and an interesting assortment of Runyonesque characters who come and go. It's the closest thing to a dive you'll find in that section of the Camelback Corridor, and I mean that in the best and most enthusiastic sense. I love dives.The munchies menu (discounted during happy hours and all-day Monday) includes several appetizers, including fried pickles, a very decorative hummus plate, and some of the best wings in the valley (try the Armadillo or Honey-Hot). Drink prices are good, and they have specials like "PBR power hour" (one dollar Pabst Blue Ribbon beers for you culturally-impoverished sorts).Again, hard for me to objective, but it' a definite favorite that I would recommend to anyone.
3	Fried pickles ... that's all I have to say. Beer was great, server was awesome and the crowd was cool. I've been once, but it was definitely worth going again, especially for the happy hour(s)... Pretty awesome if i do say so myself.
4	The Dillo is easily one of the best bars in the Camelback Corridor, with a friendly staff, great drink specials and yummy snacks! I started going here when I moved into the area, and now I don't mind going anytime of the day! The day bartenders are always super friendly, as are the night bartenders. The food is delicious regardless of when you order it- my favorites are the fried pickles (frickles) and the buffalo mac n' cheese. If you work in the 16th street area, don't forget to write the name of your establishment on your check so that you can be king of camelback!Go Aunt Chialda's! ;-)Love you Dillo!
4	Hummus, fried pickles, and OTB...hells yeah. This place is awesome. After having my idea to go bowling vetoed, we went here to kill some time before heading out for the evening and to grab some snacks (and apparently consistently lose money on the horses!) I had been here several times, so I already knew we were in for a treat, but my other half was new to the spot. They DID NOT disappoint! Everything was fantastic, the server was attentive and kept our drinks refilled, and we had a great time. I had never tried the fried pickles, but if you go, be sure to order them, they are YUMMTASTIC and everyone is always very friendly.
4	Great service bringing you great food. I highly recomend the happy hour. The little munchies that are half off are as big of a draw after work as the beer. Great place to catch a game with friends as well.
4	The Armadillo Grill on Thursdays.  Great appetizers and drink specials.  And it's kind of nice to sit at a table away from the bar & still get the bar specials!The grilled cheese is SO yummy, especially when you get a small side of their tomato soup to dip it in.  Good food, service and specials.  And they support other local businesses- which is always a plus!
4	Fried pickles in phoenix?  Okay, so they are not the same as the fried pickles at Julians in Providence.  but they are actually quite good.  We like 'em with the cajun seasoning and the buffalo sauce for dipping.  Ooh so good and hot!  They have beer.  They have lots of beer and will keep it coming.  Beware of the tall beers.  They have  way of sneaking up on you.  Their burgers are great.  They use high quality beef when making them.  I enjoy a burger where I feel like I don't need it covered in cheese to enjoy the flavor.  I don't especially like cheese on a burger but will order it when I think a place is going to be mediocre so that it covers up the flavor.  Their burgers are served on a brioche that is not buttered (yay!).  I also enjoy their pulled pork sandwich.  For their sides:The steak fries are yummy here if you're feeling decadent.their onion rings are really, really yummy if you're feeling extra decadent.their salad is really good and comes with a vast assortment of unique dressings.  Now the downside.  If you got on a Friday or Saturday night then don't expect to be able to carry on a conversation with your friends.  The music is LOUD and inside it is virtually impossible to carry on a conversation unless you're yelling.  Most other times this is just a great place to come hang out, have some beers with friends with no attitudes.  Great, friendly service.  The manager on duty is always around.
5	My husband and I do like good wings and as we're in Phoenix for a couple of months we looked for somewhere that offered some tasty wings. The Armadillo Grill certainly provided them! The Armadillo Gold and the Honey Hot were absolutely delicious, the asian slaw that came with them was a tasty take on a traditional favorite.The staff were very pleasant and all in all we had a great happy hour!
4	Great happy hour.This place makes me miss my old neighborhood. My husband and I used to go during happy hour and order tons of food and drinks and get out of there under $30. Our rotation of munchies includes potato skins (sans bacon), hummus, wings, fried mozzarella, and ALWAYS fried pickles. Their fried pickles are soooo good. If you like pickles and fried food, you will LOVE their fried pickles.Large drafts and wells are reasonably priced. Their bloody marys are probably my favorite in the valley. Ask for a cajun rim!Service is usually good.
4	My husband and I went there for lunch today and because of vegegirly C.'s review about the deep fried pickles guess what we ordered??? OMG they were amazing! We ordered the cajun style and man oh man were they goooooood! We have never even heard of them but I am so glad we got them. So crispy and so hot! Mmmmm (and 1/2 priced)!!!We got greeted and seated quickly. I ordered the chicken brie sandwhich and my husband had the meatloaf sandwhich. I am not sure where the comment about small portions came from because they were good sized and we were both stuffed!The only change to the chicken brie would be to have the pears sliced thinner rather than having thick pears to bite through. Otherwise it was yummy.I also ordered the "Arizona Iced Tea" for the first time since they didn't have fresh mint to make my mojito. I was pleasantly surprised at how light and refreshing it was.We had the entertainment card which they didn't punch so we can use it again, and we will :)
3	Was recommended tp me to try by a co-worker.  Had a "eh" experience.An "eh" experience is what you say when recommending the establishment to someone else.  And that sums up my experience.Service had a rocky start...my friend started a tab before I got there and I sat for 15 min waiting for a server before I went to the bar.  Five minutes later a different server came over and had taken over our tab.  So problem solved.We had a couple of the 1/2 price apps.  They were good - calamari and potato skins.  Pretty standard stuff.  Overall, I'll go back for some HH specials but I'm not going to be the one suggesting it to people.  I'll stay up by 16th and Bethany Home instead.
4	Good pub grub.The best fried pickles I've had in Phoenix so far. So many places do the pickle chips, but I prefer the spears. AG has nice, big spears fried in a tasty batter with ranch. From 4-7 you get 6 big spears for $3.The beef stroganoff is great too. Once you get past stroganoff using bow tie pasta you'll love it.A little loud at times, lots of sports on the various TV screens, crowded bar area.
4	I have been here quite a few times for happy hour. This place at first glance is very much a dive pub. Small TVs that need to be badly upgraded take up most of the wall space. The reason for this which you will figure out real quick once inside is that Armadillo Grill is an offsite track betting place as well. 75% of the TVs (during non-sporting events) will be focused on races across the country and you can go place a bet with a bookie up front as if you were at the track. Kinda cool...but betting on horses is not really my thing. Drinks here are your typical bar drinks with a limited selection on happy hour but enough to find something. The Happy hour menu (munchies) has quite a few things on there which are good however the reason to come here are the "Golden Delicious" wings. These are what put this place on my radar....those wings are VERY good that it is hard to order anything else anytime I come here. As far as non-happy hour....they have your typical pub cold and hot sandwiches like buffalo chicken sandwich and Philly cheesesteak. Nothing is too expensive, but the happy hour is where this place shines. Give this place a shot if you are ever in the Biltmore area.
3	While the ambiance here is definitely nothing worth writing home about, you can't beat the reverse happy hour. $3.50 food items (hummus, mozzarella sticks, etc) bring me back from time to time. They also have some drink specials, including theme nights where you can get cheap margaritas, etc. Worth going at least once.
3	I've been here a handful of times. The atmosphere is somewhat depressing... And it IS a dive bar, so it's supposed to be dark and dreary and dirty... but when you walk in it's mostly a bunch of older men sitting alone watching the horse races, betting all their money away (this bar offers offsite track betting). The patio is slightly better, but I think it's only due to the fact that you actually get light and fresh air out there.The food here is what really keeps me coming back... and really only when it's on special. The Armadillo Wings are some of my favorite in the Valley, and the Fried Pickles are by far some of the best I've ever had (order them Cajun style)!!! My advice to all: Go during happy hour! Great prices on beers, wells, and munchies!
3	Strange place. First time I came here, we sat outside on their large patio for a few drinks and appetizers. I had a bloody mary that was not very flavorful, and some calamari that was also very bland. But, it was an OK experience, and the service was friendly, so we decided to go back for lunch. This time, we sat inside. The walls are lined with TVs showing stats on all the horse races. I think we were the only ones here NOT betting on the races. It was OK, just a little weird and it felt like a really lonely dark dungeon. I had the shrimp scampi for lunch and it was actually delicious! Their Armadillo Ale isn't bad either.I also like that they have daily specials on food and drinks. I would come here again but probably not during the afternoon since the atmosphere is kind of depressing, but for a few evening drinks, the Armadillo grill is a good choice.
5	I have about 30 different choices when it comes to the cheap-drink+bar food combo in my hood. I also have about 300 lunch choices. What keeps me coming back to the 'Dillo is the perfect blend of:- Delicious food (drink or no drink)- Reasonable drink prices- Servers who go out of their way to learn about their customers Yes, 2PM on a Monday can be depressing. But isn't that true everywhere?Eat the Philly Cheesesteak. Just eat it. It will be the best decision you made all week. Totally worth the extra gym time.
4	I am going to give 4 stars for our first time there. The servers were really nice and the food was surprisingly good for a bar. They have the standard burgers and appetizers, but they also had wraps, soups, salads, pasta and deserts. I was shocked with the choices they had. We went as a large group so food was a little slow coming out, but worth the wait. I will absolutely go back there.
3	One of the best values in a happy hour- both food & drink are on the reduced lunch plan. Fried pickles, ahi tuna salad and several big cold beers for under $30 including tip. Me likey. The fried pickles not the sliced kind you get at Hooters- these are fried whole, and they are worth the trip.Vibe here is a little dive-ish, and there was a mix of families in the section furthest from the bar, off-track betters & Phoenix hipsters at the bar, and plenty of non-descript folks here on the Friday night I attended. I'm a big fan of a mixed crowd, so I'm also a big fan of Armadillo.
5	An appetizer, 2 HUGE dinners, and beer for 35 bucks.  Yes.  Lots to choose from on the menu.  Good service.  We will be back.
5	Tasty, tasty food. We mostly go on reverse happy hour and just get apps, but their burgers are really yummy. And the tomato soup! The tomato soup is creamy with chunks of real tomato and their "cup" sized bowl is huge. So many good beers here and the Nimbus Old Monkeyshine goes perfectly with the soup. Their fried pickles come in spears but you can ask for slices. The Armadillo gold wings are tasty (and I'm not a huge fan of wings) but stay AWAY from the hummus because it's terrible. The staff is friendly and nice, but one time we had horrible service. The water pitcher we asked for since the waitress only came by every 20 minutes had 1/2 water, 1/2 sprite. They got rid of her really quickly, so now everyone is nice. One last thing. Monday is free pool night, so it's always packed and loud.
4	What a great bar and grill!  Everytime, I would get the Salmon (love the citrus sauce).  It's prepared just right!  The service is always fast and friendly!  A must try!
4	Easily one of the best day drinking spots in the valley, especially to watch a game. First of all, the appetizers are just crazy cheap during happy hour, and it way generous portions at that. $3.75 for a plate of decent calamari? Sweet. The same price for a generous portion of hummus and pita? Score! Wash it down with the nice tap selection...they have some four peaks brews, and of course a modest liquor selection that covers he basics.You can bet on horse races if you have any idea what you're doing. Or you can grab a table and yell at the TV as loud as you want. People here are nice enough to be chill about it. The staff is both kind and prompt. I like.
5	I've been to a lot of places in the Phoenix area, and this is the best overall value you can get. Tons of TVs, horse races, great food, great drinks, all at very reasonable prices. I was impressed, not only with the taste of the food, but with the presentation as well. Love this place.The bar tenders are attentive, receptive, and personable, without being overbearing. This has become a weekly spot for my wife and I to visit, and one which we look forward to spending our money at.
4	Fun place! The staff is awesome, very friendly and efficient. Food is very good--I especially enjoy the hummus plate and the grilled cheese with tomato soup. Drinks are very reasonably priced. Great atmosphere and a perfect choice for happy hour!
4	We came for HH and it was fun, we had too much food, and we had FOOD!2 orders of wings - HOT HOT HOT2 orders of cracked black pepper calamari - Inhaled1 order of fried pickles - it was ok1 order of potato skins - YUMMY1 order of mac and cheese - it is served with diced ham - the cheese was too creamy for me.  I like cheesy cheese.1 order of grilled cheese and soup - M said it was GOOD1 order of korean bbq pork tacos - G said it was very good1 order of beef kabob - V liked it, I was too full to tryThe girls had tons of drinks too.  Great specials on drinks.
5	Great fresh food. Not your typical spot, as it has offsite betting, but had some great quiet lil areas as well. Definitely will be back.
4	One of my favorite places to get a brew and relax. Great neighborhood feel and always some locals drinking alone at the bar chatting with the bartenders. And I'll tell you what, I love a place where I feel comfortable enough to have a beer by myself without feeling like a raging alcoholic. Very mixed crowd where everyone is welcome. Definitely the right mix of dive bar and neighborhood hangout.
5	Love this place! I love their eclectic menu and I've been pleased with everything I've tried. Number ONE place for calamari! I have yet to go there without ordering it.
4	Bottom line: Great food. Decor could use some help, and the TV's were a bit small to be a sports bar. Food was affordable, and portions were large.Drinks were as expected, nothing good or bad about it. I had Kiltlifter, my friends had sodas and iced teas.We ordered some buffalo and honey bbq wings, as well as some calamari. First, the wings were huge, which was good because we only got about 8 for the 1lb order. But they were very well done, and the flavor was not added on post cooking, as most average establishments do. No, the flavor was baked in. The calamari was not rubbery, but had a good snap, which means it was well cooked and of good quality. The breading wasn't overboard, and had a nice crunch to it. Very well done.For the entrees, we had the Beef Stroganoff, the Buffalo Chicken sandwich, and I ordered the Mac and Cheese with the Buffalo chicken upgrade.First, my Mac and Cheese. It definitely wasn't box mac. It had a few cheeses that were  blended and mixed in with penne, and the dollar upgrade of buffalo chicken was a heapful of chicken on top. It came together very well, and tasted great. Well worth it, and the extra for Buffalo chicken. Portion size was also good.The Beef Stroganoff was well done according to my friend, and it looked huge. Comfort foods should always be generous portions and have a nice home cooked feel to it in order to be successful. They were.And the Buffalo Chicken sandwich? My friend said it was the biggest one he'd ever gotten. It looked it. And he enjoyed it. So there's that. It didn't look too extravagant, but then it shouldn't be. It just looked big and tasty.So why four stars? First, the decor was fairly outdated. It looked kind of like a neighborhood bar, but facing Camelback, and being so close to the Biltmore, I really thought they could use an upgrade. The TV's were at best 30's and the audio was low. A sports bar usually has at least a few 50's and pump out the sound for the major games. But, all this could be why their prices are affordable (just go to Biltmore instead, and overpay for the ambiance), and their food is certainly good enough to keep people coming back. In fact, writing this review, I believe I shall go there again tonight.
5	For what it is, a neighborhood sports bar and grill, the AG exceeds on all counts.  Off track betting, usually friendly service, amazing drink deals, and surprisingly great food - their Armadillo Gold wings may very well be the best in town.  What you won't get here is hipster pretension - but if you're looking for an unassuming place to grab a drink and budget friendly nosh and maybe bet on a horse race - this, ladies and germs, should be your stopping place.
5	I love this place! When you walk in, you enter the bar, and it's a very friendly, sports-themed bar. Lots of seating, pool tables, TVs, and lots of activity but all of it friendly and open. Then there's the food-oh, my! The burgers are fabulous-fresh ground beef, fresh buns, ripe tomatoes and lettuce, and great fries. I also LOVE the tomato soup...WOW! You have to try the tomato soup!  They have a decent beer and wine selection, and even their coffee is good!The staff is very friendly and accommodating to our weekly group of about 10-15 writers. They split checks without hassle and are super friendly, which is not always easy to find with a large party. They consistently go above and beyond, and I think they're fabulous!
5	Just what I was looking for! A spot in front of the TV to watch the Kings, a good appetizer and salad, and a nice server that leaves you alone....until you need something!...5 stars on all counts. I was by myself and felt comfortable and felt I got a good meal at a very reasonable cost!
4	This is a great spot.  You won't believe me until you try it but they have one of the best Ahi Tuna salads in the valley.  Not kidding.  And the asian cole slaw?  Un-real.  Some of the best "bar food" I've ever had.  Good happy hour (half priced apps and drink specials) makes me happy.  place is always busy during the afternoons for off track betting which is fun while you're having a guiness and stuffing your face!  Tv's are small but there are a lot of them so you can watch sports from anywhere in the bar.  Nice patio outside with tv's for you smokers.  I happen to live right by here and am stoked to have a place like this next door to call my second home :)
2	Armadillo grill is usually a place myCoworkers and I like to out out together after work. The spinach dip is great and the servers are nice. Recently, I tried joining them at the bar and had the worst experience, I will not be going back. The bartender was very rude to me and after six times of asking for a menu I had to flag down a server to get any help. It took 2 hours to get an order of wings and I was very unhappy with the service. Armadillo is great if you go during happy our and sit at a table, but I would never recommend going to the bar.
5	The Armadillo Grill is where it's at for Philly Cheese Steaks! My boyfriend and I have searched high and low through Phoenix seeking out a better Philly and have yet to find it. I mean, it's not the prettiest place but who cares? If you want to relax and get your grub on, do a little off-track betting and drink an ice cold beer, this is your place. We often take family and friends here for a low key yummy dinner and boozin'. The service is always great and you're likely to have the owner stop by and ask you how your meal was. I love that:) It's a big place with a big bar and plenty of TV's. It's easy to miss so keep your eyes peeled!!
4	First time at this place and it was really nice, the sign kind of sneeks up on you if your going west on Camelback , but it's all good you can get in the back way.. Prices were great and the food was really good.. Oh and they have off track betting to boot.. The staff was really friendly as well.. It was a good chioce.. I will go back..
4	So, this is one in the series of reviews I'm throwing up there during my #transientweek adventure during the first week of July thru Southern Nevada and Arizona.After reading all the reviews, damn, I wish i would have tried some food. We came here while plowing thru bars one night in Phoenix. The prices were very reasonable and got smashed off Kiltlifter and shots of Jameson (this seems to be a very disturbing trend). Our waitresses were the bomb. Had a great time. Cool little shindig of an area if you're in the area.Plus, Jerome is my hero.
5	Well it's a dive bar! This is by far one of my favorite places to chill out! I lived in Phoenix for 9 years and now I am in San Diego. This is the first place that I go to for dinner when I'm back in the 602. Their food is amazing! Their bartenders are great especially Jimmy! It's a must try... a great casual experience.
4	Reverse happy hour 1/2 price munchies menu from 10p-12:30pm is a great value: quality wings, fried calamari, potato skins and other stuff for about $3.50. Try the Armadillo Gold sauce on the wings.  Other food items seem to be above average, particularly for a local bar.  They rave about the stroganoff and macaroni, but I haven't had it yet. Friendly service, juke box and local regulars atmosphere. I'm becoming a loyal fan.
3	This place is right down the street from the office, and I've gone here with co-workers for lunch many times over the past few months.  The place is okay, and seems to have some serious track betting going on here. Several TV's with horse racing on, machines and some betting tickets and such. I'm not much of a better myself, so I'm not even really sure how it works at this place.Anyways, I'm kind of torn between two and three stars for this place.  For starters, the inside kind of feels dated, and its always dark when we're there. Also, we usually sit in the back when we are here, since our party size is usually between 6 and 9 people at any given time.  Someone always calls ahead from the office to let them know we're coming in, so they already have the table set up in the back for us when we arrive.My problem is two fold with Armadillos. First, is that it the service always seems slow, and secondly, they don't seem to have a great lunch menu. It seems to be mostly dinner type dishes, that can be quite big and heavy for the middle of the day.  They have an insert to their menu with "daily specials" but nothing that really caters to the lunch crowd.  I mean, sometimes I want a light lunch, not a huge heavy lunch that makes me tired for the rest of the day.Also, most of the time here it seems to take forever to get our bill, and our food. I know their busy cooking it, but being that they open at 11 AM, and when we arrive we're usually the first people to be in there (aside from a few stragglers at the bar) I wish it wouldn't take so long to get our food.  Plus, we only have an hour for lunch!  One time, it took so long to get our bill, we started getting ansy and tried to hurry out of the place. We have to be back at the office by 12:30, and we didn't get our bills until 12:30!  By the time we all got our change and cards back and left, it was after 12:45, and we didn't get back to the office until 12:50.  We were 20 minutes late back from lunch!I only go here now because once in a while the ladies from work take me, and its not half bad food. I just wish they had a better lunch time menu and that the service would pick up a bit so we don't spend so much time waiting and paying for our bills.
5	Great salads, decent selection of beer on tap. Doug the Friday bartender is super fast and is definitely my favorite server in the valley. Nice place for friends to hangout.
3	I think it has to be said that this place is definitely more of an OTB than a restaurant/sports bar.  With that being said, it's not a bad place to grab a drink, get some grub and watch a game.  You might have to fight with the people focused on the horse racing, but it's not too bad.
2	Too many TVs tuned to horse racing, bartender and servers all must've been having bad days. Can't comment on the food. Two stars for good beer selection, but lots of better choices nearby.
4	Great food and Jason and the gang at the bar are great.  I found it by accident and keep going back. I can't give it 5 starts until they have HD.
4	Nice slightly divey atmosphere with good music and amazing steak and cheese's. I will be back!
4	The fried mozzarella was awesome, I had the open faced turkey which was pretty good and my boyfriend loved the mac & cheese. Good beer and an excellent place to go to watch football.
5	Love the tomato soup and toasted cheese sandwiches - best in the world
4	Hearty, tasty food at really good prices. Happy hour food specials are really hard to beat . . . wings in Armadillo Gold style, fried pickles, fried mozzarella, calamari . . . .evidently, everything is from scratch too.  Beef Stroganoff, Chicken Parmigiana, and the fish in parchment are all awesome. Bartenders are friendly, casual, and do a good job. Only time I sat at the table, the waitress was hilarious and fun. I don't drink, so not sure how they poor drinks but probably not too shabby because most of the their clientele seem to be long-term regulars. Update. Everything is still great here. They improved the quality of coffee and raised the price of wings during happy hour (bummer) and now require a foursquare check-in with manager approval to get the new happy hour wing pricing, but still one of my local favorites.
4	The "Dillo" is where it's at if you want a good meal and drink.  Plenty of TVs for sports and horse racing if that is your thing.  Excellent sports bar, friendly staff, good food, and did I mention the drinks?
4	Great place to relax after work. Can't find a better place for thirsty Thursday! The apps selection can't be beat!
5	Best tomato bisque and grilled cheese ever!
5	Cheap drinks, cheap pool. AMAZING bar food... best in town. I don't know which chef they have locked up back there, but they bring out some amazing food. Certainly unexpected... but it keeps me coming back.
4	Armadillo Grill has always been a great go-to for good bar food. Besides general bar-fare, they offer some of the best weekly dish specials a bar can conjure up. They are not simply a OTB or pool hall... they are much much more.~Fud/Drink~As stated, they have superb dish choices each week. They do seafood/fish surprisingly well. The most memorable dish from here was actually a Basa filet in mushroom gravy and perfectly grilled veggies along with mashed potatoes. That, my friends, is NOT traditional bar-fare. The chef they have locked up (love that comment Joe S.) does a stellar job. Please don't forget they offer all the traditional fried food options you can dream up. But this is a multidimensional bar, which makes it so unique. They also have stellar drink specials throughout the week and into the weekend. The barkeeps keep regulars happy with free-flowing drinks and will make your day as well if you stop in! They offer a full bar along with beers of different variety as well as select wines to be pared with your special dishes if you purchase one. ~Atmosphere/Service~Once again, service is superb every time I go. I am by no means a regular, but they treat you like one. I feel at home here when I come in to have a bite or shoot some pool. There is no real dive atmosphere, its truly an interesting mix. The inside is by no means "nice", its a bit older and adds to the general feel of the room. Along with the bar area with the regulars and the OTB on the screens with rooting betters, it surely is an interesting collection of atmospheres in one. You do not need to worry about loud noise though, the patio outside is helpful and can alleviate any issues with inside noise. I never have noticed much of a noise factor though, its a fine spot to both watch a game and dine at. Its impressive how you can go about it at the 'Dillo.~Extras/Rating~Call ahead for specials that day/week, the website they have does not get updated at all unfortunately. Look online, there are numerous coupons available from different spots... I use Entertainment coupons here and they work like a charm! They aren't the finest bar in town, that's understood. But its drink specials, above-par food, central location and outstanding staff each earn a star, giving them 4 overall stars. Much love for the 'Dillo, can't wait to go back and check in!
3	This place is half off-track gambling and half-sports bar as evidenced by what is on the TV's as well as the patrons. So for me, on the one hand having to be around the knuckle heads who want to waste vast amounts of time and money on which horse can run fastest is a negative. The dark and dingy interior doesn't help either.  But on the other hand, the food is certainly a cut above the typical greasy, soggy bar food one usually encounters at most sports bars for a decent price. If you're there to watch a whole football game like I would on a few occasions you could end up spending in the mid to high 20's when it's done, but if you're just there to get a meal and maybe a beer, then obviously you won't end up spending as much like around $15. The bartenders are overall ok. No real issue there.Overall it's more of an interesting experience than a pleasant experience, which is why I will pop in from time to time, but only from time to time just to mix it up.Oh yeah, and to their credit (at least in my book) they play metal later in the night when all the games are over and there's no more retarded horse racing on.
4	We had a very nice evening last night. It is always great to have a Groupon so the deal was a great one. The servers were wonderful. A new server was being trained and she was doing great! I had their Tomato Basil soup. It says on the menu this is there specialty and I can see why. It sure was delish. My friend had the Parchment Paper Salmon which she said was great. I tried it. I am not a salmon lover but it had this mustard type sauce on it that I could probably drink and live on! -teehee! I would go back to try some of their other yummy looking food delights. The atmosphere is an upgrade sports bar type of decor so it was a little noisy. The only advice I have is that their bathroom was a tad nasty. Maybe clean it better AG? However,  I could have hit it at a bad time.
4	First time to Armadillo Grill and I was pleasantly surprised. Based on other people's reviews, I was expecting a dingy, dark dive bar. This is just not the case! I think many people simply have never been to a real dive before. The area surrounding the bar was dimly lit, but that's a good thing! It looked pretty awesome in there actually, and the pool tables were in a separate area in the back. We sat in the other separate area with booths which was brighter and gave it a quieter, more restaurant feel (even the bar area was NOT that loud).I have to agree with everyone's love of the fried pickles. Went with the original kind. I think they dip them in panko after the batter, super crunchy and delicious. I forced my roommate to try one bite with ranch dressing (he HATES pickles), but he actually couldn't seem to stop taking more bites. Pretty funny! I ordered the salmon in parchment special for $9.99. While it was good, it was not great. It tasted like the salmon I buy (and cook myself) from Costco. A little chewy on the teeth, but hey, it's 9.99! It came with green beans, broccoli and carrots which were really well prepared with garlic. I can't remember the last time I enjoyed cooked veggies so much. There was wild rice pilaf as well. Tasted like the kind I used to buy in small boxes at the store. That's not a complaint, it's good. My roommate ordered the grilled cheese and tomato soup which he liked very much.I think we were supposed to get the pickles at half price since we ordered at 6:45, but were charged full price. It didn't matter this time since we were using a Groupon and were a little short using the whole thing anyway, just something to note. Service was a little slow at times, but not enough to make us upset, we weren't in a hurry. Besides, everyone there was VERY friendly, even the servers that we only saw in passing smiled and said hello. That's pretty rare, especially in Phoenix (I'm a native, I can say it)!Overall, I would definitely come back. I like the atmosphere, people, food and prices. Just wish it was closer to my house!
4	I liked this place! I like the outdoor area where you can sit outside. They have TVs everywhere. Our waitress was super friendly. Fair prices. We ordered the fried pickles for starters (half Cajun half regular) and Oh. Em. Gee. SOoo good! I couldn't decide weather I wanted the pulled pork sandwich or the meatloaf sandwich. I went with pulled pork. Meh. I've had better. Wasn't all that delicious, so kind of a let down. I wish I had just ordered more fried pickles. Lol. But yeah,cool place! I'll be ordering something else next time though.
4	Great man cave!!! The bar area has plenty of TVs and OTB if you into the ponies. I had a very good salad and fish and chips that was done just right..  Just right? Yea the fish was not fried to shoe leather and the breading was fried to a perfect golden brown!! There is also a dining area as well away from the bar if you do not wish to man cave it.... Friendly service and daily drink and food specials puts this on my "go back to" list when in the PHX area.
5	I have lived in the area for almost 3 years and have been going here on a regular basis ever since. The food is great and the whole staff knows me by name. Different weekly specials every week and nightly specials. It is a well run, clean, and friendly establishment.
5	We ate here again on 4/20/13- great service again and they have the best fried pickles ever!!!! Yum!!!
5	I've been going to Armadillo Grill for years. Tai the manager is great. He is such a hard worker! What a great place. They have AMAZING FOOD! It's worth trying because the Food is more than great. You can play pool, listen to music, go for drinks or place bets. I recommend going there to eat I can't say it enough delicious! The staff and the over all atmosphere is laid-back, and cool. Check it out for dinner and drinks afterwork with your friends-it's awesome!
4	Great location and even better happy hour munchies. Ordered the honey bbw wings, mozzarella, potato skins, and the calamari which were all delicious especially the wings.Servers were friendly and attentive. Will return someday
3	We have been here twice, returning the second time for another platter of thier great Armadillo Gold wings!  I hade the fried fish and it was just OK.   Service was quick and it's easy to find a parking place.  I will be back at least for the wings again.
3	Stopped by for reverse happy hour.A quiet, local bar with a few beers on tap.The fried pickles are definitely one of the best and was worth stopping by for!
4	Happy hour was pretty decent, service was on point...best part? Seared tuna salad! Definitely good enough to keep going back :)
4	It doesn't look like much from outside, but the food is gourmet and delicious. I've tried many things on the menu and liked all of it. My favorite thing by far is the buffalo chicken sandwich. Pay the extra to get it with onion rings. My parents always request to go here when they are in town visiting. Great place to watch games and not get your typical bar food. They would get 5 stars if they had better service. Nothing terrible, but have to wait awhile sometimes.
4	Right down the street from maizies this is a great place to end your Monday night. I haven't experienced the food because I was always stuffed after the burger ar Maizies. But this is a great Monday spot because you don't pay for pool!There are a lot of locals who frequent here, I would guess more on Monday. That's very much a guess because its the only day I went! You know what happens when you assume though...Anyhow! It's very low key with great prices on drinks! Bar tenders are happy to give up suggestions when you're ready for something new. This is nice when you're as indecisive as myself.They have loads of games besides pool. Darts, touch screen, etc. You will NOT be bored! (:  The patio is a tad small and on a main road, but that's ok I was always too busy inside on the games to notice.I like this place because the people and bar remind me of the east coast in a way. I will be returning!
2	The Armadillo Grill really surprised me. A dive bar in the midst of all the pretentious restaurants and shopping center around the Baltimore area. A resturant / bar with pool tables and a bunch of tv's with sports. I love dive bars, however, I also like when they grow with the times.I couldn't imagine coming here to watch a game, because despite their large quantity of TV's they are all too small and cheap in quality. We came on a Monday night late because a friend of ours has been out of town for a month and we wanted to meet up the SECOND she got back. I had the wings, (I'm sure you are shocked). The size and cooking of the chicken was fantastic, however I'm not a big fan when bars use breaded wings instead of grilled. The ladies got chopped salads which actually looked phenomenal. I def got 'out ordered'. I probably will only be back if a buddy wants to meet here, but I certainly can't see myself coming up with the idea to meet here for drinks especially in the Biltmore area where there are just so many other better options. However, I will say that this place probably has that local, consistent customer base where the same people frequent it on the same night of the week. A total cheers atmosphere for sure. So if you are close and live in the area and are looking for "your dive"...this'll work.
4	Armadillo has some pretty good grub for a bar. I highly recommend the fried green pickles and the smothered chicken.Happy hour is spot on and they have off track betting. It's a great place to stop in for a few cold ones on a hot summer day.It's a bit dark and dingy but that only adds to the charm. The servers and bartenders are super friendly. (My boyfriend talked me in to 4 stars for this review, he's a regular).
3	Cool barly bar. Dropped in pre dinner and enjoyed the scene. Probably won't go back but did appreciate the modern armadillo logo. It was everywhere.
5	Went Sunday night with some friends, had some good beer, and some real good munchies.  Fried pickles and mozzarella wedges.  They were both delicious, and half off since it was Sunday night!  Last but not least, the employees were all very kind and courteous, which makes me want to return....It was a good night.
1	you couldn't pay me to set foot in this shady place... I tried it a couple of times in 2011 and 2012 and I was surprised that a place like this was still in business, especially given its prime location.  Service was horrible, we were treated like trespassers by the thug behind the bar.consider yourself warned.
2	Meh, prime location so I expected better. Typical late night bar food being served in a restaurant. I would had to have been drunk to enjoy the food. Don't waste your time or $
4	I just randomly went into The Armadillo Grill. I don't usually try new places, but I'm so glad I did. My boyfriend and I started out with fried pickles, and they're some of the best I've had. The fried pickles come in two different flavors, original and Cajun; we got half and half. The pickles are spears, rather than chips. For dinner I had the Grilled Cheese with soup; I could eat this every day it was so good. It was made with two types of cheese on sour dough bread, and they have a different soup every week. I give the food a 10, but the service was poor. I'm a server, so I know what the restaurant business is like. My boyfriend never got offered another beer, and I didn't get a refill on my soda until I was finished. I rarely saw my server, but she mentioned they had a groupon ending that day so that would explain her lack of attention. Although, the place didn't seem busy to me. Overall, I will be a returning customer. I have already recommended this place multiply times.
5	I've probably eaten here 20 times.  10 times w/ my wife too.  Always good food and eaten a bunch of different things.  Good deal and good service too.  Food will surprise you
1	I used to love this place. It all went down the past few weeks. The food quality was lacking compared to their norm. Usually I could have shrugged this off but this last time was most disappointing. My wife was just cut from a long double. When we walked in I noticed three very young snickering girls at the bar. The bartender approached us and after ordering our drinks he said he couldn't serve my wife because the manager, who was one of the snickering girls, believed she was intoxicated, which was quite the opposite. The girls sitting around the bar continued to laugh. Obviously we were way more aware than they realized. Normally they have decent bar food and good drink specials but if this how they treat customers they don't deserve business. The biggest complaint is their beer lines taste dirty. The biggest plus used to be fried pickles but now I just enjoy them at The Turf instead. Usually I'm not so easily offended but this was bit ridiculous. I will definitely update my review if this changes.
3	Met a friend for Happy Hour here. This place wouldn't be at the top of my Happy Hour list but far from the worst. I didn't realize The Armadillo Grill was more of a bar. Food was OK and service was consistent. The place wasn't too crowded. Now that I know what to expect, I would be happy to return here for Happy Hour. Cheers***
5	We went into Armadillo Grill for lunch and to watch football. I was very impressed with the atmosphere and food. We had drinks, appetizers, and entrees. Everything was phenomenal. We loved the mozzarella bites. This is one of the few bars I have been to that also has horse racing. Really good time!
5	If you ever want smothered chicken this is the place to go. The sauce on the chicken is 5 star.  They have kids menu. The place has off track betting but they also hAve as side room where families can sit.
4	Solid, repeat: solid. I don't make it here that often, but when I do it's always rewarding. The most recent visit I had the buffalo chicken mac n cheese at the suggestion of our server. It was certainly not a healthy dish, but it was delicious. Every time I eat here I'm pleasantly surprised that it's not run-of-the-mill bar fare. Whoever they've got in the kitchen is putting thought into the product and it shows. The atmosphere is rad. It's one part bar, one part restaurant from a decade or two ago, and part OTB. To sum it up - unique. And that's what I like. The service has never been an issue and I will most definitely return!
4	Good good ol' Armadillo Grill. It's been years since I used to frequent this place during my car biz days, back then I used to come here for their "Armadillo Gold" wings and CHEAP happy hour drink specials. This review will focus on my most recent experience here. I came here because I was looking for a reasonably priced healthy meal at 1 am, a virtually impossible combination to find at this time. And I got exactly that, a hearty blackened chicken salad with fresh greens topped with a generous amount of moist and savory chicken. It was very good, and for about $10 it's the only place I can think of that I can get a quality salad this late at night let alone for that price.In addition to the food which is surprisingly good for a bar, they have very attentive and friendly service. I always leave 'dillo feeling well fed and like I got my money's worth. This establishment has made it's self synonymous with quality food and value in my book and earns a 4.5 from me.
4	Saturday lunch at Armadillo.We've seen this place for years but never stopped before. We were in the neighborhood this time and decided to give it a try.I do not know what is that I was expecting, but this was not it.It was good, though.It is kind of tiny, it is more of a bar...And, oh my, they had something like incense burning or some odd smell... not for me : (We sat by a corner and Mike was our server.He was outstanding. He asked if we had been there before and gave us some history and recommendations. He was very friendly and approachable.Well, we like it when a place has a signature dish, and for Armadillo Grill it seems to be fried pickles. Not my proudest moment, truth be told, but they were actually good : PWe had half regular, half Cajun. I liked them both but I liked the ranch best.We ended up ordering the Thai Chicken skewers and the Louisiana meatball sandwich.I just tasted them both as I was not very hungry, I thought they were a good and hubby liked them very much. He said the chicken skewers were very tasty even without the sauce.I only had water, hubby had diet coke. Next time I will have a beer : )
4	I went here for lunch with a colleague. They put us in a back booth which was perfect - quiet enough for us to get some work done. He had the fish tacos and seemed to enjoy them. I have the palette of a five year-old so I ordered a chicken quesadilla with refried beans added. It was delicious - way too much for one meal. The server was attentive but not overbearing. I was a little concerned about parking because that's an issue for a lot of restaurants on that strip of Camelback but since we met there at 1pm on a Friday, we had no problem with that.
5	Best fried pickles - get them Cajun style- and Louisiana Cajun shrimp appetizer....every time I go here I get these two things and service has always been fine and the food has always tasted great...zero complaints!
5	This sports bar is a hidden gem. Most sports bars are just OK as far as I'm concerned. But this place is AMAZING. Here's why:Excellent happy hour, and I mean excellent.Delicious food, and they offer lighter options as well. Not just greasy bar food.Their servers are wonderful.There are TV's EVERYWHERE.I like this place because I can come here with my fiance, have a decent and healthy meal while he watches a game... and it won't break the bank.
5	I love this place! Service is great, food is beyond expectations upon seeing the place. I was a little confused on whether I was going to walk into a bar or restaurant and the atmosphere is a bit confusing (pool table between tables and booths with cloth table cloths and napkins,  but one bite of my chicken, brie and glazed pear sandwhich amd I was sold! All food goes beyond standard "bar food". I recommend the sandwich I had andthe cajun fried pickles although all my company were satisfied! So glad I moved to the neighborhood and found a reasonably priced local haunt!
5	The food here is fantastic! Typically I go to Armadillo after work for a meal and cold beer. I normally get the Chicken Parmesan and substitute the marinara with the Pesto Cream sauce. I few cents extra but totally worth it.The Mozzarella appetizer is fantastic too - 1/2 during happy hour. They freshly make these from scratch each time. The service is fantastic too. Normally I sit at the bar and order food and the bartenders have always been great. It can be a little difficult to get to the parking lot from Camelback during rush hour, but it's not terrible. Highly recommended place to visit!
4	This is my favorite bar that doesn't feature live music. The wait and bar staff are great and remember you after you've been there a few times. The average patron is professional but not pretentious, it's a down to earth crowd. The only reason I don't give it 5 stars is that they took the drunken salmon dish off the menu.
2	For me, the best thing about the Armadillo Grill was the waitress.  Fast, attentive, very good interaction with multiple (and difficult) personalities, and knowledgeable of the product.  As far as the food goes, the person I was with swears by their spicy chicken wings.  I'm a big boy and I enjoy having more than a little bite into a wing only to encounter bone on the next nibble, so ... pass for me.  I had the veggie burger, which I would best describe as falafel on a bun.  If you like falafel, you'll like this.  The salad dressing (blue) was weak and the salad itself nothing special.  Likewise, the iced tea was watery.  I was also surprised how warm it was in the restaurant.  Plenty of fans going, but it felt really stuffy  (ironically, when we left later, it felt cooler outside on the wrap-around patio with misters than it did inside.  My friend took me here so we could talk about some private issues he was having.  Why he chose this place -- outside of the fact he's a wing fanatic -- is beyond me.  It is a sports bar and this was evident even at 3pm, when you would think most people would be at work.  To say the noise level was a bit loud is like saying Liberace was slightly flaming.  There were no games on, that I could see, but by the shouts and testosterone-fueled "yeahs" you heard every 2 minutes, you would think the Superbowl was moved to a Thursday.So, in conclusion, while fans of this place will no doubt have many unflattering comments to throw at me -- most regarding my obvious lack of masculinity -- I can only say that this would be the place to go if you're seriously into sports bars or just can't live without their wings.As for me, I'll take my obviously nelly self to a real place where I can enjoy my food and conversation in peace.
1	Well, Armadillo Grill, I'm not a fan.We came here on Wednesday night for an NBA playoff game after reading the reviews touting the great food and the plethora of TVs. I was disappointed with the food and really disappointed with the service. I won't be back. Our server clearly did not want to be there; she seemed annoyed that we were sat in her section. She didn't know the menu very well, and kept having to (unapologetically) leave the table to run our questions by the other staff.My boyfriend had the stroganoff and I had a veggie burger. Both plates came out within 10 minutes, which always makes me a little nervous. His was sub par; he ate about 35% of it. The veggie burger was near the quality that I've come to expect from most restaurant vegetarian options. The bread was decent, and the patty was an unaltered Boca burger. Everything was below average, except for the music, which was about average.They played it at a decent volume (thank you), and was probably someone's itunes playlist of hits from the 90s. I'm okay with that.They do have a decent amount of TVs (though nothing to swoon about in my opinion), however they are small and outdated. Most of the ones near us were staticy. I ended up watching the game from a TV that was half way across the room, the only one in our section of the restaurant with a decent picture.
3	It's a good place. I was pissed after the girl who was supposedly a manager acted like a teenager but I won't let one employee ruin  place for me forever. I love their chicken wings and they have some other decent finger foods. I really only go for the apps, I feel that's where sports bars tend to shine the most. The only complaint is the beer taste off. It's probably improper tap line cleaning or possibly the co2 is off. It's one of my very few pet peeves and The Dillo isn't the only place guilty of it. If you're going to have the state flagship beer on tap then it needs to taste right. I'd give it 3.5 for sports bars. Decent prices and decent music being pumped out. Half Moon has some better deals on happy hour but good lord I can't stand the ambiance. Dillo is a decent priced neighborhood bar.
5	First of all I'm a regular here, coming in at least once a week for lunch. In other words, I LOVE this place!  Great food, wide variety, weekly specials, and a frequent diner card. The servers are super friendly and know their shi....stuff :) Virginia and Amy are awesome. Tomato soup - hands down the BEST I have ever had. Slightly sweet and very creamy. WOW. Serious mouthgasm. Smothered chicken - excellent gravy. I have had this one more times than I can count. Corn can be a little dry but you can always substitute a different side. Fried pickles - these are spears, not slices, but the breading has great flavor and is very crisp. Quesadillas and burgers are good, fairly standard but still tasty. All of their pastas are excellent. Can't go wrong here. Was not a fan of the meatloaf sandwich but the actual meatloaf dinner is well done. This sandwich is the only thing I ever ordered here that left me at all disappointed and I've probably stuffed my face with 3/4 of the stuff on the menu by now. Overall, their food has a home cooked, fresh flavor. Nothing tastes likes a tv dinner and for a sports bar, it goes above and beyond what I would expect for food. Love you Dillo, see you soon!
5	My boyfriend and I love this place. We live a 2 minute walk away and go here 3 to 4 times a month. I would highly recommend the 19th Street Burger and the Eclectic Mac n Cheese with Buffalo Chicken. The onion rings and fried pickles are made in house and are absolutely to die for. Everyone here is always nice. Katie is our favorite server. They also do take-out and delivery if you want a good meal and are feeling lazy.
5	This place is the best for everything , food , customer service , and just too notch !! The staff is exceptional and they always make me feel welcome ! And are very personable which I love ! The ranch dressing is the best ever and the burgers and hot wings and chimichanga and also the calamari are all to die for !!! I love the iced tea as well ! Best ever ! This is my favorite spot to go period and I've tried a lot of places.
4	Their 19th St burger and fries rivals Delux and Smashburger, it's my favorite.  Virginia is my my go to waitress every time.  She sets you up with the hook up.  Fried mozzarella and potato skins as appetizers rock and they have 1/2 off happy hour specials.  Their Mac and cheese rocks as well.
4	Mmmm..so delicious! Came here on a relatively slow day, not a whole lot of people there. The service was excellent, we were happy with that.The best part was the food, I got a grilled cheese with tomato soup. Ate it all so fast, the soup was especially amazing. Also came during happy hour, so I tried some martinis! My favorite was the Jolly Rancher. Really does taste like a Jolly Rancher. A very cute, girly, pink drink! Also got a Bloody Mary type martini and sent it back because I really did not like it. I think I just prefer to keep my martinis fruity, just my personal taste. Also got a cosmo and it was really strong. Not too bad though, I liked it. My boyfriend got some beers and loved his food as well. The ambiance of Armadillo Grill is nice as well. Usually do not like places with a ton of TVs and sports playing and whatnot, but I did like it here. Can't wait to give this a second try!
4	A 'dive' bar in the Camelback area? Well. It's actually not that 'divey' . For one. It's really quite a treat. A little gem that is hidden like a dive. I met my love here for a quick happy hour before we headed out for dinner with friends. A pre-game before the real game , if you will. My expectations weren't that high, but that is okay. My boyfriend loves a good divey bar that is not so trendy and yuppie, as he puts it. This to me was just nice and surprising. The bar staff was super friendly. The beer on tap was nice and cold. Peach Ale from 4Peaks is always a win-win for me! 4Peaks Kiltlifter on tap for him. Off track betting on the tele. Pool tables around the place. For 345pm in the afternoon, it was already packed! We didn't want to mess our appetites up, so we only opted for the fried pickles and went half regular and half cajun spicy. YUMMY! Besides, on happy hour they are $3.50; one of the best happy hour menu pricings around and that is important! I loved being happy when I think I may end up turning my nose up at something.. Just goes to show: Listen to Yelp!
5	Armadillo grill is awsome. There is no simpler way of putting it. The food is always tasty, everything on the menu is good. I generally get the grilled cheese and tomato soup, because their tomato soup is the best I've ever eaten. The bartenders and servers are always nice and efficient. It's never been so busy that I couldn't get a seat, but there is always people there. It's everything I want in a neighborhood bar. Thank you armadillo keep up the great work.
3	I recently went here  for dinner upon  my arrival in Phoenix from San Diego. I will first say that the food was absolutely delicious and would bring me back, we had the fried pickles as an appetizer, they were very good , I recommend getting half cajun style and half original. For dinner I had the buffalo chicken burger, if you like buffalo chicken get this it was delicious to the end with its brioche bun. My friend got the fish tacos which was a huge serving but she thoroughly enjoyed. My conclusion on their food was big portions (I would share next time unless you want leftovers), delicious, and there was a good variety on the menu. As far as the service is concerned (I will first say that I myself am a server so I have taken into account quite a few things),our server took forever to come to get our order and when she finally did she just got the drink order then proceed to run around her section without our drinks for at least five minutes ( we all got beer so should have been fairly quick), then after she dropped those off even though we had our menus stacked to indicate readiness she left and did not return for about 10 minutes. Might I add that it was happy hour when we got there but since she did not take our full order for about 15 minutes we did not get to take advantage of it because the computers switch over automatically. Not to mention she had to keep running back and forth to ask questions, I get it there is a lot to memorize but their menu is fairly small and if you work happy hour you definitely need to know your drink menu. All in all I would return but don't go starving because it may be a while. Delicious food, average service.
5	The manager runs the kind of establishment you wanna patron, seriously. It's a nice neighborhood staple that I really wish I had found earlier. They have great food specials, daily drink specials, and a plentiful array of food options. The pool table, bar area and HH 3-7pm and 10-2am make this the ideal after-work or late-night spot.
5	I end up craving the Philly cheesesteak with chicken at least once a week. Excellent.
3	AMAZING fried pickles! I give their pickles 5 stars, but everything else is mediocre. I'll come back for the pickles though.
3	My boyfriend mentioned that we weren't that pleased with our food and the waitress took 50% off both our entrees. A+ for customer service!
5	Brenda L., did you know that TODAY is MONDAY ;) Thanks for the headsup, hon!! I will be back ...perhaps today :)
4	I was debating whether or not to put this as a three or four star. As you can see I out it as four star and that is because the service was on par. Amy was our waitress and she was phenomenal, she knew when to come around and ask us if we needed help or knew when to leave us to our football games. The best part is that they were very accommodating with the Tv's. I hate hate hate going to BWW's and having to fend for myself in a ring of other football fans. This place was small and had more than enough TV's to fit any fan, they best part is that none of them were connected to another Tv meaning if we changed one TV it wouldn't change someone else's game.I have to say the the selection of food is okay, I wish they had more variety of food. It's the typical wings, burgers, and appetizers....I guess that's all you need for a sports bar...lol but if I could want to change something it would be to add more variety: more salad choices, maybe fruit trays?, or more desserts!!! The drinks were the regular requests you may want at any typical bar: margaritas, well drinks, and draft beers. I can't complain too much about this bar because how well their service and professionalism was. I would definitely go here again :)
5	My husband and I love this place, the food taste amazing we have had the beef stroganoff and the white chicken enchiladas among a few other items. We drive all the way from Youngtown to eat there I would defiantly recommend it to anyone.
4	Service was good, and food/beer were tasty and reasonably-priced. There are many nice-sized screens to watch whichever games are on... however, when I was there to watch the Sunday morning NFL games, they were having a very difficult time coordinating the broadcasts. Without warning, my game was switched out with under two minutes to go in the fourth quarter, which was mortifying. At one point, multiple screens were broadcasting a QVC-style infomercial for collectable coins as multiple confused patrons stared on with bafflement.The reason why this is a four as opposed to a three is a combination of the redeeming products and service quality, and also because the manager was responsive and clearly making a real effort to fix everything. If/when they figure out their technology, this place is a five.
4	The Armadillo Grill seems like a mix between a biker bar and a sports bar. It's almost like a dive bar! But it's a good place to watch games, the drinks, service, and food were all good!
5	Went here for a post graduation celebration after making reservations. Everything was ready when we got there, no waiting. Staff was great and service was excellent!!! Everyone loved the food they ordered! Would highly recommend this place for any event!
5	A good place to take dive bar fans, sports fans, and foodies. Always have a great experience here.
4	Love the wings here. I ate wings at Zipp"s and bragged over and over. But I ate crow. The wings here are way way better. I am happy my friend Andrea humbled me. I am looking forward to trying other dishes.
1	Probably an ok place to grab a drink and watch some sports but wouldn't recommend you eat there. I ordered the chicken/brie sandwich - sounded lovely on the menu but it was boiled chicken - so rubbery it was tough to cut through. My husband ordered the steak tacos. They were so greasy he couldn't pick them up. We both had bad stomach ache for hours after eating there.
4	I've been here twice now. The first time I got their buffalo chicken macaroni and cheese, delicious. The second time I got their grilled cheese and tomato soup. Their grilled cheese was great but I wasn't a fan of the tomato soup. Then again it was rustic tomato soup which I'd never had before. My husband loved it though who doesn't like regular tomato soup at all. Also can't beat their happy hour. $3.75 long islands! Fantastic. Will definitely be back to try their other menu items.
4	Boy, did I enjoy those fried pickles and chicken wings. These really did hit the spot when I decided to spurge for my birthday this year! I know now where I want to come when I want some wings or pickles, or any other tasty bar food. I would be safe to say that the wings I had at Armadillo Grill were some of the best in Phoenix (and I've had a lot of wings throughout the valley). But make sure to order the wings with Armadillo Gold Sauce, they were made to perfection.  Be sure to to have a nice beer and enjoy some games on one of the many screens.  There is also a patio for the warmer weather :)
5	I love this place. Coming from the east coast finding a place with a great steak and cheese was important and this place fits the bill.  The food is always consistently good, the waitstaff has always been efficient and friendly and there are plenty of tv's for any game you want to watch. This place is a must go to bar.
5	This is one of my favorite places to go in Phoenix!  It's semi divey but the food is very consistent and they do a rotating menu.   Their happy hour menu is pretty good too! The wings are always meaty and cooked crispy.   I like the armadillo gold sauce and can't do wrong with mild, medium, or hot.   The potato skins are good, but standard.   I wasn't a huge fan of the fried pickles but I usually don't like them anyway.   The calamari is one of my favorites - fried crispy with a light batter and seasoned with salt and pepper,  comes with a great chunky marinara sauce.  We've also had the Louisiana Shrimp which is awesome (but not on the happy hour menu).  They have such an enticing menu with solid offerings, I can't wait to try them all!
2	The food was ok but was charged 10.00 a piece for 2 margaritas on the rocks because they used patron without asking if I even wanted to shelf!!! $20.00For two watered down drinks is a rip off!!
