4	Can't believe there are no reviews for this place.  It may be a bit out of the way if your coming from the strip, but I think it's worth the drive.Solid pro shop, organized and friendly staff.  The course has some really nice water lined holes that are fairly challenging, even for the single digit handicapper. (I'm about a 15)The greens were running pretty quick, so make sure you test it out on the putting green before you tee off.Complementary water, tees in your cart.  Get there early, can get a bit windy in the afternoon.
3	Boring golf course, but it was still fun. I know that it didn't really make an impression of me, but the guys from MN that I was paired up with sure liked it. The staff was pretty cool. An hour frost delay threatened to make me miss an afternoon appointment and they accommodated me like true pros. Like the other review said, the greens are quick, but they seemed to hold shots pretty well. One gripe about course conditions were that there were holes with leaves, cotton, etc spread over the fairway that made it hard to find your ball. I don't know if I would go back, only because there are four similarly priced options that are much better even closer to me:-)
3	Average golf course in North Las Vegas. About a 20 min drive from the strip. Loved the green fees that were well below the LV resort prices when we found it on Golfnow. Clubhouse, bathroom, restaurants: Uhh...just ok. The clubhouse didn't have much to offer and didn't sell much stuff either. The starter and staff were really nice though. Bathrooms were old and WHY WERE ALL THE BATHROOMS ON THE COURSE ITSELF LOCKED???? WTF! No breakfast till 10am cause they don't have a cook till 1000am??? WTF!!!! The cart guys were cool...they actually offered (that is the key word) to clean our clubs after the round instead of just trying to find some tip by jumping on them when we finished our round without asking. Super fast golf carts are cool!Course: Fairways were nice and clean..grass was cut. Rough wasn't too high...but all your drives rolling into the rough if not hit straight. Homes are too damn close to the course. We saw a house with about 15 golf balls in the backyard!!!! Lots of OB too.Greens were cool...loved the super fast greens. All in all a pretty good experience. I did think the course could of been nicer. Good fast round too! We didn't have to wait too long on each hole.
4	Aliante is a great local course.  It is not TPC or Bears Best, but it doesn't cost as much either.  Staff is great.  Play can be a little slow at times, but what course doesn't have this happen?  If you don't hit it straight, be ready for some penalty strokes.  I practice there a lot, and play there about once a month.  They participate in the OB card program and I know they do give local discounts.  Aliante Casino is right across the road, so you can get your sports bets in or go have a bite to eat.
4	Nice golf course on the north side of town.  I live about 15 minutes from here so play here often.  The rates are very reasonable and I have yet to find this course over-crowded as many of the others.  I played in a 4-some group and we played at 4 hours.  It's not a particularly hard course, but fun to play.  Driving range is nice too, and is grass only.  The staff has always been accommodating and attentive.  They offer locals discounts and reduced green fees throughout different times of the day.Out of the 5 times I've played here, I've found the course to be in pretty decent shape for the summer months in Vegas.  If you're a 5 handicap, maybe not the best choice, but for a 15 like me, I enjoy it.
4	Nice course, super friendly staff and decent price.  What else can a girl from Chicago ask for?  We played around 11 am on a Monday and the course was empty.  It was really nice, there was no one ahead of us or behind.  It might have been because it was pretty windy and cold, but your talking to golfers from the Windy City, 50 and windy is no big deal.  The course is narrow and pretty tight since most of the holes are in a residential neighborhood, houses on both sides for a few of the holes.  The greens are super fast and there is enough trickiness to a few of the par 5's to make it challenging.  We had a great day an kept at under 4 hour pace with a pit stop for a hot dog in the club house.  The staff was so friendly and informative.  We did use GolfNow.com for a pretty nice green fee discount, but I am sure if you called the pro shop they'd hook you up.  I liked that the key for the bathrooms is on your cart so the bathrooms were in very nice condition.  Despite it being off season they course is well maintained.  We'll be back for sure!
1	Played Aliante again after my buddies had a coupon and invited me out. The course is now managed by Troon golf. It is in awful shape and it was $59, which for a resident is about twice what it should be. The pro shop attendant was rude when I asked about and OB discount. Will not go back. Sad because I used to take my grandpa there when he visited.
4	You gotta love the employees in the pro shop and clup house. They are great. Props to Elaine (the lady that takes great care of you in the pro shop) and Wendy (the drink cart). The course was absolutely beautiful,  well manicured.  I think you'll like it.
2	I've been to this course once, and wasn't overly impressed. The quality of the actual course is sub par, and the fees a bit pricey. The pro shop is extremely expensive, and under stocked. If you need balls or want to try some clubs, go someplace else. I would probably come here again if someone invited me, but definitely wouldn't go out of my way to golf here again. The website golfnow.com gives you much better prices on much higher quality courses in Summerlin.
5	This is one of the best courses I've ever played.  I wanted to play somewhere in Vegas with a reasonable club rental rate, and I found Aliante.  The course is in the master planned community of Aliante, near the Aliante casino.Overall, this course was beautifully designed, challenging, and very fun to play even in 100 degree weather.  It is well maintained and a great deal.**TIP FOR TRAVELERS** Book the 9:32/9:48 tee time online for $20, cheapest rate and it includes a cart!
5	This course is awesome.  I'm a junior and they treat me so well here.  The rates are reasonable, the location is prime, the view is amazing.  I enjoy playing here at Aliante every time I come to Vegas.Al in the pro shop is a great guy, and the caddies are friendly and professional.  I wrote a bad review before but after my experience today I'm updating it.You can't beat that classic mountain view!  This course is tough with plenty of rough areas but if you hit a good tee shot you'll be fine on every hole.If you are traveling and staying on the strip, this course is somewhat far up in North Las Vegas.  You'll have to take the 215 hwy or do what I did and take RTC bus 119.  It's at Koval/Harmon and goes straight to the course!Today I played 27 holes, had breakfast, and hit a bucket for only $30.  Where else can you get that deal?
2	Unfortunately most of the prior reviews are correct, the course is really nicely groomed with beautiful vista views.....HOWEVER, the pace of play is ridiculously slow, they mix in 4s with 3s and 2s,,,just absure,,,,took almost 3 hrs to play the first 9 holes, only one marshall on the course and told us to enjoy the weather and be prepared to wait on every hole and shot.  Rude Person in the pro shop of very little help and seemed quite putoff that she had to work.  For the money and the effort to get out there do yourself a favor and go elsewhere.
4	The employees here are awesome. The beautiful grounds are just a topper. There's a swimming pool, pool tables, conference rooms, golf course, coffee all day, library, so much more. Surrounded by gorgeous landscaping, did I mention the employees? Angel has come in to check on our Lunch and Learn three times! The others are just as attentive. If you ever want to come as a hues to a Lunch and Learn let me know. :)
1	This use to be a course I played often. The condition of the course and overall rude treatment led me to vow to never play there again! Which I have stuck with!
2	OMG.....Went back to this place for a second time after the first time 6 months ago was so bad.  I cannot believe what I saw.  The condition of this golf course is absolutely horriffic.  Greens are full of fungus/crab grass whatever,,unputtable on about 1/2 of them.  Fairways are also superhard full of crab grass weeds,,,you cannot get under the ball even with a perfect drive down the middle. Three of us play every week and try to play different places but one of the players in our group decided to just quit after 16 since it just wasnt any fun.   Oh and btw of course it still took 5 hrs.  Save your money, save your time play at angel park or silverstone or palm valley  100% better
1	Looking to play? Look elsewhere greens are like bubble wrap. I was behind a group of six. They were so slow a group of eight caught us. We trees off at 1:50 and it was too dark to play by the 12th hole. Stay away don't be fooled by the affiliation with Troom golf.
3	This gulf course is not the nicest. Just sayin. There are lots of cute bunnies around here. Also the way the course is laid out is a maze but once you've been around a couple times you get the hang of it.
4	Seems like every time I come to golf in Vegas I end up playing around or two at Aliante Golf Course. Geez I like playing here!  The course is a bit challenging.  It offers you a range of looks that are pleasing to the eye!  The conditions are always great and the pace of play seems pretty fast!  In terms of value.... hmmm...  Aliante is cheap cheap cheap!!!I can't complain about this course. It gets my thumbs up!
