4	Have you ever been to one of those places late at night, probably a Friday or Saturday, after many, many, many...uh, many drinks? You know, you stumble in, try to form a sentence to the person behind the counter so that they can prepare a heaping pile of grease for you. Those nights in particular you don't really care what you eat so long as it's amazingly high in calories, knocks a few days off your total life span, and basically soaks up the toxins you just imbibed at the various locations on Carson Street.Well, here you have it! Your golden oasis of grease, your spiritual Mecca of fatty calories, your nirvana of late night food...Southside Steaks. What is it about this place then sends a shiver down my spine? It stands as a brightly lit, shining beacon right on the corner of Carson and 20th late into the night. Doesn't matter where you are, Southside Steaks calls to you as soon as the ugly lights come on in your bar of choice. You'd be best to heed the call. Go, enjoy. Be one with the cheesy goodness.Now all that being said, let's just say you go here for dinner. You're sober, you have many choices in the Southside, yet for some odd reason you pick here. Strange, you seem to vaguely remember this place from that super drunk weekend you had. But somehow it seems different. Oh yes, somehow the big chewy bun, the cheese whiz, the gristly steak doesn't seem quite as appealing when all slapped together and presented to you on a wooden board. Nevertheless, this is about as close as you're going to get to a real Philly steak 300 miles west of Philly. Try to enjoy it sober but do yourself a favor, limit this place to 2:15am and later.
4	Very good cheese steak sandwiches and awesome fries!
4	If you are in the mood for stick to your ribs food, you know the kind that has grease through the bun?  This is it then.  The food is hot, and the price is reasonable.  Generally, I must be REALLY craving something like this, but overall I would recommend it for those moments that we aren't worrying about our arteries
4	Cheap, quick, and greasy....perfect for preparing for a night out drinking I suppose....it did the job.
3	This is the place to good for huge gooey sandwiches. It is what it is. As another reviewer said, you may like it more when you're drunk... At lunchtime, bring an appetite or split one for two people.
3	"We don't make halves but you can eat my whole!" -- This appears to be Southside Steaks motto.  They are open late and they have fairly nice people working behind the counter.  For our inception into this local sandwich shop, we ordered the following items:Original Steak with provolone and onionFries with gravyPepsiWe were easily able to split this meal between two people; it was that large.  The sandwich was okay.  It was a little salty and the onions and cheese tasted average.  Just nothing memorable.  The fries and gravy could have been a bit better.  The gravy was chunky and had an off flavor that I personally couldn't handle.  I was satisfied with my half-cheese steak and Pepsi.  Time to move on.
4	I don't have much to add on top of what others have said; it's a decent place if you're looking for this kind of quick, messy food. I like how you can get sandwiches with chicken instead of beef.
4	Let me start by saying that I've eaten here sober once, and not sober too many times to count.  That being said, I really enjoy the food here.  If you've already been out drinking all night, let's face it...you're not counting calories.I always go for chicken, and usually a variation of the buffalo theme.  I know, it's not a steak...ask me how much I care.  Be forewarned...their buffalo has some ass behind it.  If you want to dial it up a notch, grab a few of the hot peppers at the end of the bar area.If you really want to be a fatty, get the fries with cheese....you can't go wrong with 1000 calories of french fry goodness at 2am.  Oh, and they're open 'til 3!...
4	One of my go to spots. These cheesesteaks, in my opinion, are better than the ones i've had in Philly (Geno's, Pats, and Lee's). My cheesesteak of choice - Satan's steak whiz wit - great taste with a really nice kicknot a fan of the fries. cajun steak is also good.
2	Solid late-night after-clubbing fare - big portions, meat, cheese, nothing too fancy. The staff are friendly. Expect long lines and a long wait after 2am but if you want a big hoagie/sandwich and aren't too picky, it'll do well in a pinch.(I don't really think this place should be classified as a steakhouse but meh, that's ok).
1	I'm not sure what's wrong with the people who work here, but they seem to think it's funny to give you the opposite of what you order. I USED to be a somewhat regular customer, but not after my experience today. I typically get a "mushroom steak" and am always asked if I want onions. Today, like all the previous ones, I specified "no onions." Seems like a simple request?The girl smiling behind the grill chimes out, "So you want an onion sandwich with a side of mushrooms, huh?" To which I play along and laugh.I pay and notice my receipt clearly says "no onions." I get my order to go, take it home, and bit into a sandwich COVERED with onions!!!I'm usually forgiving and give folks another chance if a mistake is made or I have one bad experience. However, there's absolutely nothing funny or cute about a "restaurant" deliberately messing with somebody's food order. I assume the cook mistook me for somebody else she has an issue with, but I'm certain I've done nothing to warrant such passive-aggressive behavior.Since you clearly can't trust the people who prepare the food, I will never eat here again and would encourage others to stay away too.
4	I always ate here sober, despite the recommendations I received. Though I've never eaten a cheesesteak in Philly, I assume this comes pretty damn close. Delicious!
5	Came here sober...awesome! Came here drunk...even more awesome! I like how its open til 3am, perfect after partying all night on Carson Street.
1	The service was actually pretty good, and the atmosphere was pretty sweet as well. The food, however, was sub-par. I got a cheese-steak with the works and it was pretty blah. The steak was dried out and there really was not much flavor to it. I asked for hot sauce, and that was actually pretty good. The buffalo fries were also just okay. I expected more from a place that is supposed to specialize in cheese-steaks.
2	Well, this place has sure gone downhill.  The last time I was there will be my last.  We showed up at 1:45am, the usual time for such a place.  The line was less than 10 people deep, and it took 15 minutes to order.  We wanted to order chicken but they were out.  They have steak and chicken subs; how are you out of 50% of your MAIN ingredient?After we placed our order, it took another 30 minutes for our food to finish up (two subs.)  A total of 45 minutes for two subs.  The subs were tasty as always, but they're not remotely worth the wait.  If you see any line at all, don't waste your time; the speed & lack of ingredients is shameful.
4	I'll keep this brief: I'm a displaced Philadelphian, and after almost two years of searching, this is the only cheesesteak I will eat in Allegheny County.It's not the best cheesesteak I've ever had--not by a long shot.  But by an even wider margin than that, it's the best cheesesteak I've had in Pittsburgh.
4	Being a Yelper I've started to covet the groupons, google offers, etc for restaurants I've never been to before. It makes for a great opportunity to try new places. Since I spend a fair amount of time in the South Side this was perfect.One night after work the boyfriend and I stopped down there with my phone in hand. It was early on a Tuesday night which meant that the place was pleasantly quiet. The two women working were incredibly friendly and we were able to get two steak subs (mine was plain steak and cheeses the boyfriend getting a mushroom steak)' fries with cheese, and a small drink which exactly used up the google offer. Using it without a print out was super easy too. We got our food to go so we walked to the far end of the space to wait. Stickiest. Floors. Ever. It was like the stereotypical movie theater floor. Every single step my shoes stuck. The decor was interesting though, if you look up when you're standing inside there are doors hanging from the ceiling. I loved the dimension it added.While waiting near the condiment stand I started to notice a bleachy smell. I have an incredibly sensitive sense of smell so it's not surprising that I noticed. I turned around to find a dump sink from a laundry room or mud room filled with incredibly strong bleach water. Good lord. Why? Why this there and filled during business hours. I couldn't eat in there with that smell to save my life. At least they want it to be clean, right?Now the food: plain steak and cheese sub. I found myself surprisingly underwhelmed. It wasn't bad at all, just not outstanding. For the price I wouldn't order it again as I feel it's a little on the pricey side eateries on Carson St. The boyfriend, on the other hand, was a doubter when we walked in, loved his mushroom steak sub. The fries were good but a little soggy from the wait to get home. I'm sure they would have been a lot better if we had eaten them immediatelyThe short and long of it: I don't know if I'd go back, not because of the food or the service but because the only time I'm willing to pay that price for steak subs or to eat a steak sub at all is when all the drunks want to and I'm not into crowds of drunks.
4	I remember loving Southside Steaks back in 2005 or so, and now that I work a block away, I was looking forward to trying it again. Some of the reviews elsewhere scared me, but I decided to rely on my memory instead and pay another visit. I'm glad I did, because it's pretty much exactly the same as I remembered.I called ahead at lunchtime because I didn't have long and needed to grab and go. The gentleman who answered the phone was polite, made conversation with me, and said my order would be ready in ten minutes. And indeed it was -- it's a big downer when places give inaccurate times. (Downtown, Fadz has great sandwiches but always add at least 10 minutes to the time they quote you.) I waited behind the folks placing orders there -- I didn't look to see if there was a separate pickup area, but I don't think there is -- but that only took a couple minutes.I got a mushroom steak with Cheez Whiz (duh) and an order of gravy fries. I like gravy on my fries, OK?  The bread they use is perfect for cheesesteaks; it's a little chewy but not hard. The meat itself is good quality, not all gristly and gross. The veggies are a bit meh. I suspect the mushrooms of being canned, and I wish the grilled onions had been a little more plentiful and tender. I'll just ask for more next time. The fries are good, of the hand cut variety and cooked just a bit brown. There's enough salt to make them tasty. For my personal taste, I wish they were a little soggier, but that's just me. If you like your fries on the crispy side, they're perfect. The gravy came on the side (much easier for taking back to your desk and eating) and is, you know, brown gravy that you put on fries.I'd classify my lunch as good, but not great, overall. However, the fact that I REALLY wanted a cheesesteak bumped my enjoyment level up considerably. Southside Steaks makes good sandwiches.Since this was my first visit in a long time, I can't speak to their other menu options, but I can say I'll definitely be going back. Prices feel reasonable to me; $10 puts it out of my everyday lunch options but keeps it within range for things I deem special occasions (e.g. Thursdays). They do have a $10 minimum for credit cards.
2	Not terrible, but if you want a cheese steak in Pittsburgh, go to Peppi's.  Southside Steaks is open late though, which can come in handy when you're drunk and in the South Side.  But even then, there's way better (and cheaper) places for late night eats on East Carson like Sal's Pizza or Mike & Tony's Gyros.
3	It's a pretty good cheese steak, but they are hit or miss.  I have been here at least 10 times in the past five years, and it is a little bit different every time.  Sometimes really good, other times not so great.  But the bun is always spot on for authentic Philly Cheese Steak style.
4	i am from california and ate here on a sweltering hot sunday august 26th, 2012 for lunch.--- i lucked out and found metered parking in front on street. decor is re-purposed stuff. food good off the grill and large portion.------------------------- they had the sliding doors open so it was hot as  the outside. ( i think they had a/c but the huge doors were open.----------------. reasonable priced.----------- g8 local for people watching. !!!!!!!!!     its seems like weekend downtown gets crowded so come early before 11am. i was here about 130pm and parking was bad and traffic and it was 90 degrees/humid - eeeg gads i thought i was gonna sweat my makeup off my face..---- we dont have humidity in san francisco bay area----------santa clara  calif
4	Good cheesesteak. Good value for your money. Fries are huge and very good. If this is what you are in the mood for you can't go wrong.
2	Food is good, when it's made correctly that is. I live a block away from this place so I had been going at least once a week and loving it, but lately they always seem to screw up my order in one way, shape, or form. Forgetting toppings, wrong substitutions, wrong cheese...the employees are often more interested in their own conversations and jokes and comments about people walking down the street than they are getting the order correct. I've even had the manager/owner lady hand me someone else's sandwich because she wasn't paying attention to what she was doing. The problem clearly starts at the top, which makes it unlikely things will change. I've also had an experience with an extremely rude cashier there who was unfamiliar with the cash register and the menu, had no idea how to ring in the original cheesesteak (I'm assuming their most popular sandwich), and then had the nerve to get smart with the guy in front of me in line for not leaving a tip. Um, a tip is a reward for good service...being rude and inept at your job does not warrant a tip, I'm sorry! So to sum up, good food, but bad service and unprofessional staff. Good drunk food, but I've stopped going there for regular lunch/dinner because I'm often on a tight schedule and am sick of having to ask for things remade or having to eat something I didn't order.
4	Stopped in for a late night visit around 1:50AM on a Saturday (or Sunday as the case may be).  I was vising Pittsburgh and wanted some "drunk food" when I saw Southside Steaks, so I jumped at the chance.  Its greasy with dim lighting and sticky floors, just the way I want my cheese steak to be.  Read the menu board while waiting in line and decided on a steak with extra American cheese and friend onions and an order of bacon cheddar fries.  Placed my order without issue and went to the pickup window to receive it.  Handed my to-go order and walked out in a matter of a half hour.  Steak was perfect and toppings were plentiful.  The cheese was mixed throughout the steak and was very gooey, exactly like it should be.Would I go during the day? Maybe, but not to eat in.  Would I stop by again for some late night action?  Absolutely.
4	As I work in the South Side, this place will end up causing me to have cardiac problems earlier on in life.  Am a big fan of the sandwiches here.  If you really want the Philly experience make sure to get it wit whiz.  Ample amounts of special sandwiches and there are even salads.  The fries are great and the options for toppings are too.  Sign up for their frequent eater card.  Every 5 sandwiches you get a free one and every 10 you get a free sandwich, fries, and drink.  After 10 it resets and you start over again.  This is what's helping me to the prior mentioned cardiac probs. They recently introduced a combo meal in which you get half a sandwich, fries, and a drink.   Definitely a worthwhile visit if you're looking for a good cheese steak.
1	So I live right down the street from this place and have always wanted to try it, upon entering i was pleased with the atmosphere everything was Southside. My boyfriend and i bought a Buffalo Chicken sandwich and fresh cut fries with gravy. When i went to get my retrieve my food the sandwich was tiny and weak looking and the fries looked killer! Polar opposites! Both the food tasted like they looked, but three bites in my boyfriend tells me I should stop we can get food else where. Their kitchen is on the other side of a wall of windows so I'm surprised we didn't notice sooner but the walls and stoves and everything on their side was CAKED in grease. Not the type of grease you see on a busy day, the type of grease that has just been layering. Turned my stomach. After seeing all that i couldn't even eat another fry because think about it, its probably a month supply of gravy they just keep skimming off the top. Then to top it off the cook was sitting there eating a sandwich right where he was preparing mine, stopped to cook another sandwich, then went back to eating. Just in that order, no washing hands in-between anything.  After all was said and done  my boyfriend had a messed up stomach the rest of the night and we didn't get a dinner lol. Oh well I'm glad we spotted it.
4	Always a good late night experience.  Had a mushroom steak and cheese fries, Good late night grubbing for sure.  Again, some people may be more particular than me, but for a Cheesesteak place in Pittsburgh, it's pretty good.
5	I love hot sauce, I love cheesesteaks, ergo the Satan Steak. Every single time. Nothing else matters.
4	Great cheese steaks here, Satan Steak is a slam dunk every time- just make sure you buy a bottle of water to put out the fire!
5	Great cheesesteaks and sticky floors. That about sums it up.  Simple, to the point food.  Yummy
5	Greasy cheesesteaks and fresh cut fries. It's delicious and a no frills atmosphere. If you're looking for a decadent cheesesteak, this is your joint. It was great for lunch, but I can't wait to stumble back late night.
1	I have gone to this place twice, and both times, I was less than satisfied. The first time, I ordered a philly cheese steak, and it was very sloppy and soggy - literally, the kaiser roll was soggy and soft (eww!) - if you could move past the soggy roll, the sandwich itself was just average. I decided to go again, against my better judgement, and this time I ordered a hot sausage with jalapeno pepper fries. Once again, the kaiser roll was soggy, the marina sauce was mediocre - as was the sausage - it was just not good. The fries, oh my god, it was literally a brown bag filled w/ regular (salty) fries with 2 containers. Inside one container was regular cheese, and in another container, was miniature green peppers. I. Kid. You. Not. This will be the LAST time I ever visit this place. I don't know how this place has gotten such high marks because the food over priced and is not good at all. Overall, my hot sausage sandwich and "jalapeno pepper fries" were $14 all together. A complete waste of money.
5	A great place for a cheesesteak and fries! I've gone here numerous times and the only disappointment was the messy condiment containers, but it was the end of the day.  Love the Nathan's hot dogs and Mexican coca-cola :).  Awesome fresh cut fries too!
4	Being from Philadelphia, I have had a lot of good cheesesteaks. The Philly cheesesteaks here were pretty good.  Definitely not the best I have ever had but not the worst either! The people were very nice and if you like fresh cut fries, the fries her were great!
2	If I were drunk right now I would probably be in heaven, alas I am stone cold sober. I ordered the lunch special. The fresh cut fries are delicious, but I wish I hadn't asked for cheese on them. The cheese, which I also asked for on my sandwich, is possibly the worst "cheese wiz" I have ever had. It is so bland it's almost pointless for it to be there. Ketchup would have been better, but there is only vinegar and some unlabeled BBQ sauce on the "condiment bar." The floor is so sticky that my feet are shoes stick to the floor. When my food was handed to me the basket had a sticky gooey red substance on the bottom which subsequently got stuck to my hand. Gross. Again, if I were drunk this place would probably get a five star rating.
2	It was okay. Not good enough to come back. If they ask you if you want lettuce and tomato make sure you really want it because it's extra. The fries were good. The staff was friendly but the place looks very dirty. I wanted to try it and I did. Bottles of soda pop and plastic baskets. For $10 it was okay.
5	Southside steaks = heaven. Every trip up to the Southside were sure to bring 6 or 7 Philly cheese steaks home. The ribeye steak is seasoned and juicy with delicious wiz drizzled all over the meat and bread extravaganza. I'm a huge fan of extremely hot food and the ghost pepper Philly cheesesteak is bar none the best I have ever had. Crisp peppers loads of cheese and even more meat. True authentic Philly steaks with a nice Pittsburgh twist. Reasonable prices, delicious food, and dive atmosphere.
1	Worst service ever.  20 minutes for a steak sandwich and a rude cashier. Felt like a rip off and the guy told us... "It is what it is". I will never return to this place and hope that others feel the same way.
