4	JK is awesome! We were hesitant at first to try this place cause I never looked busy but we are glad we did. JK is not as greasy as your typical chinese joint. This place is very affordable, the wait staff is very attentive and nice. I always get the lemon chicken as my entree. If you order a dinner combo it comes in a crazy rectangular box-plate type deal with your entree, rice, a little salad and crab puffs and a sweet and sour sauce and a spicy mustard in their own little compartments. Its pretty cool. This is by no means gourmet and is pretty much americanized but yummy none the less.
1	We were excited to see a Chinese place close to our house since we love Chinese food.  When we walked in it looked like a nice place and very open.  The service was fine, but when we got our food that was another story.  I ordered the Chow Mien and my wife got the Orange Chicken.  The chow mien was pretty bad it was very greasy and just didn't  seem right.  My wife said her Orange Chicken was alright but she said she wouldn't order again.  We didn't think too bad of the place when we left, but that night we were both sick to our stomaches.  We have no desire to go back.
3	4 stars for service; 2 for food on the day of that gets slightly better as leftovers.  I was really hoping that I was going to love this place because it's very clean, the owners/servers are very nice, and the overall feel of the place is better than many of the other Chinese restaurants in the area.  But I found the broccoli chicken and Mongolian beef to be very bland; the flavors only slightly perked up the next day when I ate the leftovers.
3	Prices are status quo for any strip mall Chinese joint, the difference is that it's clean and you can actually sit down and enjoy your meal at a table versus plastic lawn furniture.  Not that I'm too good for that, but I'm just sayin' there are *those* places....which deliver.I've dined in here and ordered take out.  (Curry chicken first go around and garlic chicken as take out.)  I found both to be good, but not nearly as flavorful as I would have liked.  Next time I'll probably order them spicy and then revise my review.Side note about take out:  I ordered it to be ready for pick up after a massage, which ran over.  The server looked at the time on my receipt, then looked at his watch, then scowled, which I found amusing.  I have no complaints nor do I have raves so perhaps I'll say this about my neighborhood Chinese joint:  it's the missionary position of all mom and pop asian restaurants, which is appropriate considering it's in Gilbert. So...check it out...it'll get the job done. ;-)
5	Tasty and fresh. Good lunch specials. Every place can be hit or miss, and these guys hit more often than not. Go there, eat an egg roll and be happy. :)
5	We are repeat customers and never had a bad experience yet. Charles and the staff are always hospitable. This time around we ordered the house chow mein, garlic green beans, salt and peppered pork and shrimp fried rice and everything turned out great. The only issue is the location. Not exactly down the street, I'd say good 15 min drive. There are others nearby but J&K is well worth the drive as the others don't measure up at all.
5	My wife is Chinese and we are used to dining at Chinese restaurants in Los Angeles Chinatown and in the San Gabriel Valley in California (she is very picky).  We don't care for the "Americanized" Chinese food served in many restaurants.  With that said, we LOVE this place and we never had a bad meal there.  It's a close drive from our home too, so take out is a great option for us too.  It's near Sprouts too.
4	Some of the best Chinese food we have found in the Chandler/Gilbert area. This place is a little drive for us but we make the trip. Much larger portions compared to PF Changs. Better value also. I'm not sure it is "gourmet" , mainly standard chinese-american dishes. They do have some good stuff though. Fairly large menu.We like the egg rolls but not the spring rolls. Good orange chicken, mongolian beef and cashew chicken. Usually pick up for take out and they are quick and food is hot.Definitely worth a visit. Order the "Crispy Spinach" . It's not on the menu but they will make it - delicious!!
3	I like J&K.  Not everything on the menu is good, but there are a few things I keep going back for pretty regularly, namely the Gang Pang Chicken and Lo Mein.  It's not gourmet as purported in their name, but they are consistent in their preparation and the ingredients always taste fresh.If you're looking for real Chinese food, this is not the place, it's Americanized.  If you want dim sum, you'll need to go elsewhere.  I've tried a few other Chinese places around Gilbert and this is the best I've found.
3	Yummy food. I ordered take out for dinner and got the Mongolian beef extra extra spicy,( I've learned you have to order it like this in Chinese restaurants in order for it to be remotely spicy), shrimp lo mein, and general tso's chicken. The dinner combos around $8 and you get soup, an eggroll, a few crab rangoons, and fried rice. Pretty good deal!  I didn't like the general tso's chicken. The batter was way to thick. BUT the rest of the food was pretty good and my mongolian beef was actually spicy. I took a take out menu when I left and noticed their lunch combos are only $5 and you get the same thing as the dinner combos! I will definitely return for a lunch sometime!
5	There are very few places that satisfy my entire family. This one does. Great food, large portions, great value and super friendly staff! The lunch entrees for around $6 include soup, egg roll or crab puff and a nice serving of your entree and fried rice. The sesame chicken is my favorite. Its fresh and tastes great. The location is right next to Kohls and Sprouts - so you can do a little shopping afterward too! Its worth the drive for a super yummy lunch!
4	This was a great find down here in Gilbert. I have been looking for great (not just good) Chinese food in the area for about 2 months now and thanks to my loyal Yelp reviewers and their photos of the food served I took their advice and found a treasure.We arrived for a late lunch 9wife and I0 to a wait and no one but the waitress to clean the tables. then after sitting down it too much too long to get asked what to drink and then while waiting much too long for the drinks we then waited to order our food!I had Hot and Sour Soup for starters which was awesome! then with the main course I have rice, small salad (very small, almost a garnish along with the mouth full of fried -won-tons)  deep fried egg roll and something called "pang gang beef" or ??? anyways, it's breaded beef strips with a very dark rich sauce that included Jalapenos and was supposed to have onions but I think the cook spaced on those and left them out.In spite of the misgivings of the slow service, missed food ingredient and dirty tasting hot tea, I would still go back. The flavor, temperature and preparation of the food was simply fantastic.My wife and I both enjoyed our lunch dishes and would go back and try other menu items without hesitation.Just stay away from the hot tea and be ready to wait...
5	PHENOMENAL place for Chinese cuisine. The portions are HUGE! My fiance and I always only order one thing and share it, and still always have leftovers. The menu prices are very reasonable. Including tip, we usually don't spend more than $15 for the both of us for dinner. They are very personable and attentive to your needs. I love that it is a very dainty, and has a very laid back atmosphere. The lemon chicken is our favorite!! :) They are also very kid friendly. We have an 18 month old son who always leaves a nice pile of rice on the floor every time we leave lol, but they love him! Highly recommend!
3	Is Gilbert lacking Chinese restaurants!?  This place was hopping during my visit.  If you're craving some Chinese this place is quick and pretty good.  It's a hit and miss -- order correctly and you win!  I'd like to buy a vowel or some Beef Chow Fun :)  Chow Fun was kinda dry; Sizzling Beef was like eating ketchup!  I'd recommend the Spicy Fish Fry, Asparagus, and Orange Chicken -- don't forget your fried rice either!  Service? Well it was great if you want things done and you service speedy, but (haha) don't expect a smile.  The restaurant itself was pretty lacking of decors, but they did what they could. - Enjoy!
4	So I thought that good chinese food was not in Gilbert.  Finally have been proved wrong.  This place is delicious.  Always full and always delivers fresh food.  Kung pao chicken was spicy and tasty.  Lo mein is fresh and tasty.  Mongollian beef was a little lacking in spice but still good.  The soups were really good.  I had the luck of being able to sample the egg drop and the hot and sour.  Both real good.The decor is typical Chinese food restaurant.  Kind of homey.Prices are typical and justified.Remember to eat your cookie not the fortune.
5	Their wonton soup is amazing. I love it! When they say it will be ready in 10 minutes it is! :)
5	I love this place!!!!! Very quick delivery and is hot upon arrival. Large portions for a great price. Awesome lunch specials too. A couple of my favorites : gang pang beef (spicy), sweet & sour chicken (white meat and crispy) hot & sour soup (actually packs some heat) and shrimp and scallops in lobster sauce!!!! Yummy!!!!
4	For some reason I was craving and in search for fried pork. Who hasn't had that craving before, right? I was lucky to come across J&K and saw a picture that someone posted of their salt and pepper pork. I immediately headed there for lunch and ordered it...wish it was part of their lunch special but oh well. They have a huge menu and there were so many tempting things but I just had have some fried pork. It was exactly what I was looking for and did not disappoint. It had the right amount of saltiness and the sauteed jalapeno slices, onions and bell peppers were the perfect accompaniment. I can't wait to bring the rest of my family so I can try what they order and get the salt & pepper pork again.
5	I have lived in the Valley for over 15 yrs and I have finally found my favorite Chinese restaurant.  The owners are very attentive to making you feel at home and the value is amazing.  The sizzling soup is amazing and always fresh.  The egg foo young is delicious and we have yet to find any complaints.  We have gone as a family and as a large group and everytime, it has been a great experience.
5	Awesome clean Chinese food close to home. I am there at least a couple times a month for dinner. They will cook to order and will modify dishes to your liking. I don't like too many mushrooms so this is a added plus for me when they can cook the dish without. The soups there are very good to my liking. My favorite dish there is the sizzling pepper steak.
5	I was early for a hair appointment in the same strip mall so I stopped in for a quick order of vegetable fried rice to go.  It was the best I've ever had!! the veggies were generous and delicious- saute'd in a secret sauce perhaps and not over-cooked either, perfectly al dente' pieces of muchroom, squash, broccoli, baby corn & snow peas. I can't wait to go back and have a full meal.
4	Let's face it all food is subjective.  We like what we like.  Everyone's tastebuds are different.  And Chinese food is one of those things that everyone has an opinion about.  Many here on Yelp abhore the "chain" Chinese establishments.  Not just for taste reasons but for other reasons as well.  I prefer the smaller Chinese places over the "chains" but I also feel the chains have their place too.  Having said that we were out on a Saturday and I was feeling like Chinese so I pulled up the handy dandy Yelp app on my phone and found J & K.  We walked in and waited for just a few minutes while a table was cleared. It was a fairly busy Saturday night.  My daughter loves shrimp.  She would eat shrimp for breakfast, lunch and dinner.  She drools at the mere mention of shrimp. We ordered an appitizer of fried shrimp. 6 beautiful, big, butterfly shrimp.  She was in heaven.  As for me, I love to order different dishes and then take the rest home for lunch or dinner for the next few days.  The garlic chicken was yummy!  So tender and lots of flavor.  I had mu shu pork.  It was served already wrapped in the it's wrapper, like little burritos on the plate.  It was probably some of the best mu shu I've had.  I also got some house special fried rice.  Everything was good.  Service was fast and polite.  Our server brought my daughter some extra wonton chips which she loves.  I enjoyed our meal and the leftovers were just as good the next day.  If you're looking for good chinese, tell them I sent you.  Just remember, it is subjective.  :)
2	Manager lady is brusque and annoying. Wait staff seems friendly and eager. Wide selection of dishes, plus daily specials.  We ordered the "gang pang" chicken (seriously...that's the name... ;-), and the szechuan chicken.  Both were listed with the red chile warning icon (spicy!!).  But neither was spicy.  Or at least not much.  And the flavor was OK...not great...just OK.If you're looking for some fast Chinese take-out, this is adequate I guess.  Nothing special.  Dining in you just get to pay for drinks and a tip, so why bother?  There's a place on Alma School at Elliot that's better (China Way) if you want Chinese food.If we eat here again (unlikely), I'll update this with opinions about whatever we order (won't be szechuan or gang pang!).  Maybe some of their other dishes are better.
4	This place is fantastic, some of the best Chinese I've had in AZ.  I'm no Chinese food expert, but everything I have ordered has been delicious.  I do wish they had a better kids menu.  Also, they seem to use one of their booths as a storage area at times which looks unprofessional.  I normally order takeout so I'm not too concerned with the look of their dining room.  Great food!
4	I really like this place. It's my go to place for chinese food that closest to my house. I usually always just order for take-out, so i couldn't give it a review for the service. But when i go to pick up my order. The people eating seem to be doing well. It's a typical asian place, where you see the family kids there. Food is awesome.
5	My favorite Chinese food restaurant in the area. I have been going here since 2005 and have never had any complaints. Service is one of the best and i am always pleased by the food and the best customer service. Other restaurants should take note. Anyhow if your looking for some good Chinese food this is the place to go.
1	Not so much a review because after 15 minutes and never getting talked to, getting menus ourselves and watching other people get their own water, we decided to go some place else. We ended up going to great wall just down the street. Which has great service and great food!
3	I eat here often because it is close to where I live. Good clean Chines food but it is all starting to taste the same like they use the same sauce on many of their dishes. It didn't used to be like that. I will keep going because it is still good and the best one close to my house IMHO, but it is time for a menu or sauce change to get some new flavors for those who eat there often.
4	I am a fan.  I came here for lunch a few times and they have great lunch special for $6 - 8 and it always taste delicious. They even have a few noodle speciality I love their beef chow fun.
5	Everytime I have been here I have never been disappointed with the food. They are very quick and the food is always above and beyond most Chinese restaurants I've been to. I have recommended this place to several people and they have all told me how much they like it too. This restaurant is a gem.
4	My family and I eat from here about once a month. We have only dined in once so my review is based on the take out we get.Phone orders are always places fast and easy! The dinner specials for 1 are a great value. So much food for around $10! I love that the kids meal comes with fries bc my daughter does not like rice. The general taos chicken is tasty. The hot and sour soup is amazing! The only thing that would make this place better is if they delivered.
5	This place is great. It's the only Chinese place we go to now,
4	They have great food here.  It was busy and I suspect that it's busy often with many people picking up orders for take out . In any case the staff has always been polite to me or my family.
2	I ordered the Mongolian Beef and Sweet and Sour Chicken last week. The Mongolian Beef was pretty good, but their Sweet and Sour was just nasty! The breading tasted like old fryer oil from the 60's..EW!  I picked up this food because I was in the area, but live in the West Valley, so when I called to tell them about their chicken, she said I had to drive back over there, which is an hr drive and return the food in order for them to do anything about it. I told the manager my situation and she did not care, not even to lose my business. She quote on quote said to me, "too bad for you" LOL w/eI had to throw practically all of the order of Sweet and Sour away. You won't be getting my business anymore!
5	Great food. We had the egg fried rice,egg rolls and beef low fun noodles and chow mein and the cashew chicken. Portions are plentiful and great flavors. Food is ready upon arrival and hot. Way better than the big chain Chinese food places near our home.
4	Took my family today and we were very impressed.  Food was great and so was the service.  We will definitely go back.
3	Well We finally tried this place after passing it for 6 years !  Wish we would of still kept walking.  The Staff was very unfriendly, constantly walked past but never really did or said ANYTHING.  Every single thing had a upcharge to it.  The egg drop soup was more like corn chowder (can't have corn) and I was only given 1 other choice on the combo.  Or I had to pay extra for won ton soup.  If you don't like white rice w/your meal be prepared to have a $2 charge for fried rice.  I thought they were going to charge when we asked for a knife.The won tons served w/sweet and sour for (I guess appetizer) was stale, just as the fortune cookie was.  The meal itself was OK but atmosphere and staff truly lacking in ALL categories.Going back to OUR FAVORITE PLACE "GREAT WALL"If you must eat in this area or chinese because you don't want to go anywhere else, be prepared for a so so experience, don't say I didn't warn you !!!
4	The food is legit.  Probably the best non chain Chinese restaurant in Gilbert. Garlic green beans are great. Service is good but is real laid back.
3	It was totally empty when we walked in and empty when we left on a Saturday night, not a good sign.   It was ok, not great, but ok for the quick Asian fix. I am looking for a Chinese place that will remind me of back home sweet Chicago. Also want one that will deliver to the Gilbert area.
1	First time visit. Went for moo shoo chicken. The portion was small, so I didn't need the 4 pancakes. They used something like beans sprouts rather than cabbage, etc for the veggies, weird. The chicken was little tiny chips of chicken. Other things on the menu may b great, but my meal was lousy and my first time experience will be my last
5	Best Chinese food in Gilbert BY FAR! Thank you j&k for the great and food! Love dine-in and take out! So exited we found this place!
3	It's ok.  I love their soup.  The egg foo yung patties are terrible.  But they do have great sauce and fresh veggies.  The staff is nice.  I am just not blown away by the food.
5	I like this place very much !!! Salt pepper pork chop is amazing!!!best place in Gilbert !!!
5	I totally love this place. I've called in a few orders on the phone and I almost always have modifications I request. Every time the staff is very polite and courteous and my orders are consistently accommodated the way I request them. The restaurant is clean and the staff is always friendly and welcoming. My most recent trip in, the woman who appeared to be managing was stopping at tables, thanking her guests for coming in and checking on the food. My boyfriend and I each ordered spicy dishes and she specifically asked if the spice level was to our liking.Food always tastes freshly cooked, veggies are always well prepared and service is quick!
5	I love J+K.  Meal sizes are for big eaters like myself. If you dine in, be sure you get sizzling rice soup. I like the honey chicken. Price is right, if you know what I mean.
5	I eat here a few times a week and the food is amazing. Always fresh and always fast. The staff is super nice and remembers me every time. By far the best Chinese in gilbert.
2	Couldn't tell you if the food is any good or not- Just called to place an order for delivery and the person who answered was incredibly rude! She said they couldn't deliver for an hour and a half, I said that's fine, could I just place my order now.  She said "no, you give me your number, I call back in an hour and a half." I said, "I can't leave my order with you?" She yelled at me, and said "no! I have other customer on the phone."Apparently, they don't need curtesy or customers, so probably won't call them again.
4	Awesome Chinese in Gilbert/Queen Creek area. Ordered the broccoli and beef, Kung Pao chicken, and Honey Chicken. Lots of fresh bright veggies!!! Yummy! Will be back
5	Went to this location for the first time today.    A very surprising experience.    The atmosphere is very pleasing; place is neat & clean.     Went there for lunch; $5.95; servings more than plenty and the food was excellent.       I go to a lot of Oriental eating places and found this food to be at or near the top of my list.     Outside of Flo's; J & K food is tops.         Have seen their sign while traveling on Val Vista south of Williams Field.         Highly recommend you try this place.     I believe you will enjoy the experience.             I am looking forward to dining there again soon.
5	Delivery!!! Save my times !!!And food always good!!!Honey chicken is awesome!!!I love J&K.!!
1	I would give 5 stars because for months, since we moved to Gilbert, we have ordered from them a lot. And the food is wonderful and the owner (husband) who drops the food off is always so kind and nice... THE WOMAN ON THE PHONE DOES HAVE AN ACCENT BUT OTHER CHINESE PLACES WITH ACCENTS SOUND NICER THEN HER.. 100% nicer!HOWEVER, the husband's wife (woman who answers the phone) needs Customer Service 101. Seriously, she needs to know how to speak nicely and friendly to customers.We called to order our usual which usually is a good $40-$60 order and we always tip the driver well too. I called, placed my order, then I asked her what the total was just to make sure and she was silent for a good minute...Her: HELLO!!!! ARE YOU THERE OR NOT? ARE YOU GOING TO GIVE ME YOUR CREDIT CARD NUMBER OR NOT?Me: I am sorry. I was waiting for the total. Her: UGH! Hold on. Ok, $42.30... 4,3,2,0! Now! What's your credit card number???? Are you going to give it to me or not? I have other customer on the phone!Me: yes, I have it and I'll give it to you but please don't be so rude next time.Her: ok it'll be 40-50 min bye (hangs up)Then my husband called her cuz he could hear her yelling over my phone when it was on my ear. He called and she even got more mad and was screaming at him when he told her that her customer service was bad and he never wants to hear someone yell at his wife like she did again. And that we always order from them and this is not the kind of respect that we are getting.She got more mad and wanted to start a fight with him and told him to hang the phone up because she has other customers. My husband just told her to hang up and she hung up. She never confirmed that our order was canceled so I called again and asked her to make sure it was canceled and she told me, " yes of course it is you have one angry husband! " I told her she needs to not be rude to anyone and be more polite especially in the field she is in. I also told her that I will post about her business on yelp and any other site so people are aware. She said "go ahead I don't care you do that!" And then she hung up on me. . .We ended up going to Chinese Great Wall of China, it was awesome and really good. Highly recommend to go there. The people were very nice just like their reviews said! I was reading more reviews down a bit on for JK and there was another complaint about this woman's customer service. They won't stay in business long if they have someone like this. I'm taking this to the BBB too. This is too ridiculous!
5	A review by a foodie with excellent taste.  I have been eating here forfour years, and love everything about this place! They have the best lemon chick, sweet ands sour, and if you're a fried rice snob like me and my wife, this place will make you feel like you have found china town of LA in Gilbert AZ! I have not found an item that was not a five star experience. I must not neglect the hot and sour soup if you are a fan best in town without a doubt! The food is exceptional and the service is nothing less than equal. Try JK you won't regret it!
5	I love this place.The lunch special is Awsome...Great food!!
5	I love good Chinese food, and this place is my favorite for it in the valley. Whenever I'm down in the area, I try to swing by and get some. The place is always just about full, which, in my experience, is rare for a Chinese food restaurant. If you're in the area, you should definitely try this place out.
4	Great for take out. Decently priced and pretty tasty. They are very quick also. I usually place my order over the phone and when I arrive 10 minutes later it is already packed up and ready for pick up. I highly recommend any of their salt & pepper entrees, particularly the squid. They make a really good version of it.
5	Been a customer of this restaurant for the 7 years I have been in Arizona.  They have consistently provided me with very stellar customer service and excellent food.  One of the dishes I prefer eating is the steamed chicken and broccoli (no sauce) and find it quite tasty to the point that it is my "norm".  I also like ordering the Pu Pu Platter, combination fried rice, and egg drop soup.
5	I get chinese food almost every week from here :)! Small and family owned, I've only had good experiences from this place. Best in town. They were SLAMMED this past Valentines Day but were handling it with class. I love how they have steamed dishes with the sauce on the side. One time I ordered for pick-up I forgot to take the sauce with the order. They called me back to make sure I got it!
4	I went here for dinner last night for the first time. I have been in the shopping center many times, for Kohl's and Sprouts, but never noticed J & K before. I was looking for Chinese food here on Yelp! and saw this one had good ratings, so I decided to try it. I will return again. I went alone, so I had the 'Specialties for 1' orange chicken, which comes with choice of soup, I had egg drop, egg roll, 2 wontons, greens and white rice. Everything was well prepared, hot (temp), and delicious. The place was packed, and service was still good. I did not experience any rude Asian women while there.
4	I've been looking for a closer Chinese place to the house for awhile now. I normally go to King Wok because it's the closest NY Style Chinese food I could find in Gilbert. So I tried this place out.The service was awesome, fast, and friendly. I saw all the bad reviews about call-ins, but they treated me great for just walking in, and they even offered me a soda while waiting. The wait wasn't long at all, maybe 10 minutes. The food is great, fresh and tasty! -1 star because I love steamed dumplings, and they were great, but King Wok uses a sweet dipping sauce(just like how it is back east), and JKs was basically soy sauce.
5	Food is always good and comes in a timely  manner whether pick up or dinning in.
5	Great Chinese food at a a reasonable price. My family eats here a couple times a month. Employees are always very friendly, service is fast and the food is tasty.  I am a Chinese food snob when it comes to the quality of the meat I will eat.  Every dish I have tried has had lean, top quality meat with fresh vegetables and delicious sauce.  You won't be disappointed!
5	Amazing
4	The food was fresh and tasty!  I would say it was my favorite WonTon soup ever!  We'll be back!
5	We love J&K! Their sweet and sour chicken is delicious. I love the wonton soup the most! I would go there just for the soup!
4	This place has the best shrimp fried rice this aide of the Mississippi . It's conveniently located right off the highway and the staff is always friendly and fast .  The food is top notch and I never need to add anything else for flavoring ..if you are in the area you have to try it out .
5	J&K has great food in this area.  We've tried other places and keep coming back.  The staff is friendly, the food is good and the place is always busy.  Highly recommend J&K if you live in the area.  My only gripe is that they serve Coke instead of Pepsi.
4	The food here is amazing and comes in good portions for cheap prices. It's the first good Chinese food I've found since moving to AZ. There dinner combos come with soup, meat of choice, rice, a huge egg roll, and 2 cream cheese wontons for 10 bucks. I will say, the service is not the best, they try to be nice but rush you through everything and the whole family just hangs out in the dining area as you're eating. kinda weird, but the food is great
4	Pretty standard Chinese food.!!   Had the hot and sour soup as an appetizer, followed by "double pleasure" shrimp and scallops... Yum.!   Kiddo had wonton soup & enjoyed it-  I would be excited to have this in my 'hood...
5	Very impressed and completely satisfied with our lunch visit. We had the Chicken Lo Mein, General Tso Chicken and Orange Chicken lunch specials. Very generous portions for a great price. The food was authentic and so very good. So Glad we found this gem and looking forward to our next visit to try the many other items on their menu.
2	I ordered this delivery. The people that work there speak very broken English and it's hard for them to understand you. When we did get our food it was mediocre. My husband and I felt sick after eating it. Sorry but I wouldn't come back to this place ever again.
