3	Hmmm.......what can I say about this place? Besides the smell of urine and soiled linens, the people that work there do all they can to take care of the elderly folk. Its not their fault the place reeks of urine. What care place do you know of that doesnt smell like urine? Anyways I respect what the workers here have to deal with at all times of the day. To me, this place gets me depressed because of all the old people that are in wheelchairs all looking like vegetables because of the drugs they are given or are just like that because thats just how they are. Im not trying to rag on the old folk but if I was ever in that state, just put me out of my misery. You would be doing me a favor. I dont know how these employees look forward to working here but I gotta give them props for doing it.
1	My father passed away early this week at the Silver Ridge Healthcare Center after a 9 year bout with cancer. It was his dying wish not to pass at home while he was in home hospice care so when the medical staff tending to him announced that he only had hours left, arrangements were made to have him transferred to a hospice based facility. I hope and pray that if you (the reader) are ever faced with sending a family member or friend to a facility like this - that you have other options because Silver Ridge is one of the worst facilities I've encountered after years of working in Healthcare. I waited a few days to post this so it wouldn't seem like an emotional response to my father's passing - I truly hope that no one ever has to experience what I experienced here.To start off - I could have raised hell but that wasn't my purpose for being there. I was there, with my family to be with my father in his last remaining hours. But, from the moment I stepped foot into the facility, I encountered the most cold, uncaring and unprofessional staff ever. I intentionally used the word "encountered" because not one person ever approached my family. Not one asked if we needed anything. Not one offered any explanation of the procedures and or rules of the facility. Not one gave us the time of day when coming by to check his vitals or drop off equipment, which incidentally, was never used. It was so bad that when the transport team arrived to transfer my father to his assigned bed/room - one of them had to go and hunt down a tree so they could connect the oxygen lines. When I finally wanted to know what the hell was going on, I find three of their staff just sitting at the station having a non work related conversation. There were problems with the meds that my father was prescribed but it wasn't entirely the facility's fault - but no one on their staff, took the initiative to try to remedy the situation. Meds at facility are brought in via a mobile pharmacy team however, all facilities have systems in place for meds they need stat and this place was not exception. After a brief conversation with the admitting nurse, and some pointed accusations about how inept their staff was coming across - she managed to contact the right people to pull the meds from their Pyxis machine that had the meds my father was prescribed, in stock. Almost two hours after my father was placed. At one point, one of the nurses came in to take my father's vitals. Both my sister and I were sitting bedside and not only didn't she even greet us or explain what she was doing - when asked what his stats were, she didn't even answer - she only turned the monitor so I could see the readout. The patient next door - didn't speak English. I don't know what language he spoke however, the staff on the third shift, had zero patience for dealing with him. At one point, one of the nurses was arguing with him because of the language barrier. I don't understand how someone in Healthcare doesn't know how to use the free translation services offered to help prevent circumstances like what I witnessed that night. It's a matter of a making a toll free call. I could go on about this place however, there were some things you would just have to see for yourself. For example, the unsanitary restrooms - where soiled adult diapers were overflowing from the trash cans onto the floor. There were also some spills that weren't cleaned from the patients who had the pleasure of roaming the halls. I will close on this - when my father passed, not one word was said to my family by the staff. It's not like there wasn't time nor opportunity. Waiting for the mortuary service to pick him up took about 90 minutes. Even the transport driver was sympathetic enough to offer condolences. I remained silent about what I witnessed first hand at first. This isn't the only arena I intend on voicing my concerns. I over see hospital operations on a much larger level than this facility but the term "Healthcare" should be universal everywhere. Until the facility's management address the issues here, I'd recommend you avoid this place if you need to place a loved one there for care.
1	Update:I find it absolutely amazing that a person can pass away at their facility - then one day short of 7 weeks later, someone from that facility is calling for the deceased, asking to speak with them regarding paperwork that needs to be completed. That's definitely a textbook procedure of making sure the family of the deceased isn't reminded of the passing - Also just goes to show how uninvolved the clinical/nursing staff was with my dad's brief stay and passing at this facility. Seeing as no one from that facility gave me nor my family any attention - that they would miss that someone actually passed away, or who it was. I'd save a copy of the voice mail and send it to the facility administrators or the risk management team - however, with the attitudes and behavior I witnessed from their staff there that night - and now with the voice mail I just listened to - I'm sure they wouldn't care.I'm moving on and putting this all behind me after this review. I'd suggest that you just keep moving on if you ever find this place as an option for care - for yourself, anyone you know or love and even your enemies.
1	AVOID THIS FACILITY - some of the staff are great - but ASST Director of Nursing PHYLLIS VISCONTE is HORRIBLE and should have her license revoked. She is apathetic and impossible to deal with - and truly needs to find a new profession. Am filing complaints against her with all agencies - under her watch my mother was abused and neglected. BAD NEWS!
1	My mother-in-law was there for 9 days and they nearly killed her. Very few competent people there....and many have very bad attitudes.Please do your research. Don't send your loved one here.Update......the hospital couldn't undo the damage done by this lousy place...we lost her 5 days later.
2	Clean hallways, clean and new furniture for guests and patients to occupy in the meeting areas.  However, rooms felt a bit cramped, with very little room between individuals.  I was taken back at the fact that they won't provide walkers or wheel chairs in-facility for fear the patient may injure themselves.  So, I guess they'd rather have them lay and rot in their own beds.  There is no compassion here; staff show no genuine concern, they're there for a paycheck.  The overall philosophy of this business aren't  genuinely dedicated to their patient's well-being. *Bring a clothespin for your nose because this whole facility reeks of urine and fecal material.  I can only imagine what it's like to be an immobile patient there.
