5	This was my first martial arts experience so I have nothing to compare it to but at the same time I have nothing negative to say about it. My 4 year old has classes here and it completely changed his attitude at home.Justin is the instructor, and no he is not Asian, and he is so absolutely amazing with children he should be a professor in education or some teacher of how to be great working with kids.The pros:1st 2 weeks free! (to see if your child likes it)No contractCome to class when you can, no set scheduleThe negs:That dance studio in the same lot takes up all of the parking!Even though there are a lot of kids for each class, the classes are never too full because of the easy schedule. Most of the time his classes have a total of 6 to 8 kids and when it is busy there are just a few more. Saturday classes are usually not as busy, just a small handful of kids because that is the day to run your errands.As I said before Justin is great with the kids. He has the perfect amount of humor and authority to keep the kids in line. He also is aware of their age and knows that they will goof off and act, well, like a kid. He is really funny though and the kids like it. Not only does he teach them tae kwon do he always has a topic that he talks about with the kids. He goes over respect, courtesy, and everything else that makes you a decent human being. This is the part that changed my son. He started listening more and helping around the house.Justin always ends the class with a fun game that is physical and the kids love it.There is also a small sectioned off area for toddlers to play since they are not welcome on the mat. This did not stop my youngest though from throwing toys over the barrier onto the mat. How embarrassing.This is THE PLACE to take your children, any ages, for martial arts. The instructor knows what he is doing and it doesn't feel strict or intimidating. It's always filled with families and is very welcoming. He also has classes for adults but I don't know anything about that, sorry. It's on Buffalo south of Charleston in the same parking lot as McDonald's.
5	My son is 4 years old and is an extremely active kid!  He wanted to take Taekwondo so badly and we called around and were fortunate enough to get ahold of Mr K (or Sir, as my son calls him).  We came in for our 2 week trial and Ryan loved it!  Sir is such a patient person and is phenomenal with kids!  When he has a room full of 4 year old boys it makes my eye twitch but he handles it with no problem!  Not only does Ryan learn martial arts moves, but self defense, and the history of Taekwondo as well!
5	I brought my five year old daughter here on a friend's recommendation and Mr K really is the kind of teacher who kids respect and parents love.  He is very positive and teaches with the right blend of humor, strictness, kindness, technical knowledge, and pacing to keep kids challenged, motivated, focused, and entertained.  My son decided to try it out and loves the challenge.  Mr K treats all the parents ,students, siblings, and friends as family without being fake.  He is very positive but keeps it real which is why he has such a real influence in the lives of his families.
