5	The best alterations location I've found in the Phoenix metro area, and trust me I've tried a few.I took some men's dress shirts here about two years ago to have them altered, and they turned out perfect.  After I moved I took any new shirts I got to different tailors closer to my house, but never got quite the same level of results; now I'm back to taking everything to this place, even though it takes a while to drive across town to get here.
5	This place is the bomb! I always and will always go here for all of my alterations. I will not go anywhere else. If you need it by a certain time they will work with you if they can. Everything has been done to my satisfaction and I have no complaints. I also got my wedding dress altered here and they did an excellent job and did everything they could to help me. I love them! I will put it like this- If you are nice to them they will be nice to you. Another reason why I keep going here is because they are affordable and don't try to rip you off. :) YAY FOR THEM AND FOR ME.
5	I am 5'0", so I require a lot of alterations and it is essential that I have a good alteration service.  I will never go anywhere other than Elegant Reflections for my tailoring services.  I have had innumerable pairs of pants hemmed here and have been completely satisfied.  They have nice private dressing rooms with real doors (I refuse to undress behind nothing more than a curtain), everyone on staff is competent and very friendly, the prices are reasonable, and they are almost always able to complete your alterations in less than a week.I have only ever encountered one issue..when I had two pair of very thick trousers hemmed with a cuff at the bottom, the cuff seemed loose.  Since I didn't want it to get caught on something and come apart, I took them back to be adjusted.  The second alteration was done in just a couple days (in winter, which tends to be a busy busy time for them) and the new stitching was nearly indestructible!The staff here also seems to have an exceptional memory, because even after a year hiatus- they greeted me by name!
5	Years later and I'm still going here. Everything is always done in a timely manner and the women go out of their way to help you. I love it. They can do anything. :)
5	This alteration shop is the best in the east valley. There is nothing these ladies cannot do,  there work is done like a professional.
5	These ladies really know what they are doing and the service is AWESOME. I went there and they were very friendly, fast and professional if you need any tailor services you will not be disappointed by Elegant Reflections ... Thank You
5	Elegant Reflections does an impeccable job with alterations and they are reasonably priced.  If you go there, you will encounter Eva and she is awesome and knowledgeable.  They make me want to go through my closet and find things to get altered.
5	I came in here a few times before leaving the Phoenix area for some repairs and also an alteration. The shop is easy to find and the inside spacious with lots of gowns for purchase and other fun accessories. Everyone who has helped me was always very friendly and pleasant. Unless someone was in getting an alteration and being pinned, I was always helped promptly. I had some pants repaired and a dress altered. The dress looked really nice and the pants were mostly repaired, one hole had been missed (this is understandable as there were several) and they offered to get it repaired for me immediately. The alterations were affordable and the work was done well. I'd definitely reccommend trying this place if you need either some alterations, repairs, or even if you are looking for a unique gown for something.
5	I got some alterations done and they did a wonderful job for a great price! I will make sure I get all my alterations done here fromnow on!
5	The two ladies who work here are so wonderful. I came to this store from the reviews on Yelp and they did not disappoint!  I needed my bridesmaid dress altered since I am pregnant and they were so welcoming and understanding. They did not make me feel bad or causing an inconvenience because I was pregnant. It was so wonderful to work with them and they gave me suggestions for how to make the dress look better for my pregnancy. Not to mention it was so affordable! I am now wondering what else I can get altered just because I know they will be affordable and do a great job. They are sweethearts and I know I will be here again.
5	I don't typically take the time to write a review on Yelp but these people were amazing!  I brought them my wedding gown (almost 30 years old) and had them make two christening gowns and bonnets.  I could not have been more happy!!  They are beautiful!!  They did a spectacular job!  Since then I have returned to have pants altered, etc. and have never been disappointed!
5	I took my wedding gown into Elegant Reflections a couple weeks before my wedding when my previous dress fell through. My coworker recommended them and I'm so glad she did. They were attentive, on-time and so thorough. All of their recommendations turned out to make my dress PERFECT. I didn't know I'd need it hemmed, but I did and it would have been way too long on wedding day if they hadn't recommended the hem. I didn't know it needed cups, but it did so I looked like I fit perfectly into the dress. I didn't know it needed boning and I'm relieved that they put it in because it didn't fall down at all during the wedding or reception. No pulling it up all night. They put in a corset back and it was flawless. Thank you to everyone who helped me and worked on my dress. Not only were your services flawless, but you offer them at a fair price. I am thankful to have found you and will continue to recommend you to friends!
5	I had 5 pairs of designer jeans that needed to be taken in from flared to straight leg, and hemmed. Turned out awesome! Only one pair needed to be taken in a bit more and they fixed it for free. I had a blazer taken in to make the sleeves fit a little slimmer- turned out great! I definitely will be returning:)
5	This place is legit! Family owned and operated, they have been in the alternating business for generations and their knowledge shines through. I bought a used wedding gown at a charity event. It was a size 8 and I'm a size 4, but it had the potential of being my dream dress.I brought it to the talented ladies at elegant and told them everything I wanted to alter thinking that it would be too much for my budget. But after giving the exhaustive list they quoted me just under my budget and they delivered fully on giving me the dress of my dreams.
5	took my maid of honor dress in to get a slit on side on the dress. Stopped in, tried it on..Measured out the slit I wanted..left my dress and came back in a few days and it was perfect. Not overpriced at all, I was actually surprised how cheap it was to get it done honestly.I recommend and will be back if i need any alterations in the future.
5	Very reasonably priced alterations.  She did mine for well under half of what David's Bridal quoted.  I brought my dress in a week before my wedding and she was very accommodating and helpful.  They were super busy, and a couple of these clients were not the most pleasant people in the shop.  All the ladies were beyond polite and professional.  She did a wonderful job on my dress.  The other reviewers were right!Highly recommend.
