4	If you are looking for really good rolls and sushi with a twist of creativity and exotic flavors, look no further than Tokyo in Old Montreal. Good service, decent prices and a variety of yummy rolls to enjoy!
4	Tokyo Sushi is my favorite lunch stop in Old Montreal, the sushi always fresh and tasty! I like the fact that when in a hurry they have lunch time specials that are ideal for takeout. I suggest calling ahead to make a reservation for lunch and keep in mind that they also do take out.
4	Tokyo Sushibar on Saint-Paul (not to be confused with Tokyo Sushi on Saint-Catherine street) is one of my favourite sushi places in Montreal (and I've tried many). They have very creative rolls with unusual ingredients. Try the specialty rolls, they're worth it. Yum! My eyes are usually bigger than my stomach, and I always leave stuffed. The wine list isn't terribly extensive or interesting, but you can find a nice, drinkable white for dinner. Service is decent. They also offer a reasonably-priced lunch special, and do takeout. Like J.F. mentioned, it's best to reserve ahead for lunch because it fills up with the Old Montreal office crowd. It's a little quieter in the evenings.
4	Sushi for three!  I am terrible at ordering sushi. So my darling friend Jen took the lead. We ended up with  2 appetizers - Dragon Balls and deep fried veg, and 40 pieces of sushi - not sure exactly what they were, but there were some California rolls, eel, salmon, cucumber, rice, seaweed wrap and a whole bunch of delicious things! Pictures to follow! Nice touch: they bring hot towels to your table! Service was attentive and prompt. The restaurant is on a quiet street in Old Montreal, walking distance to a street, I don't remember the name...sawrrrry!Food was absolutely amazing! We couldn't finish the two plates between three of us. Next day left overs were amazing though!Yum!
3	Situated in Old Montreal, Tokyo Sushi claims to offer a vast selection of 'fancy sushi' dishes. Their menu seems to be all over the place. There are 3 different sheets you have to go through to decipher the ingredients & price of a dish. It took us over half an hour to figure out & decide what we want. The food seems to be good & the Fish is fresh, but for the price (if u can decipher it), it seems to be a little too much. Also on their menu is a sushi with shrimp, Strawberry & Blueberry   O_O        We ordered  The Rock, The King, Dragon eyes, Dragon balls (o_O), Chicken Teriyaki & hand rolls.  The hand rolls are generic and they taste like any hand rolls you get at fast food sushi places.  Dragon eyes was good. So was The rock. The King was kinda meh.      So : Food -  Good Service - FreindlyAmbiance - Classy Worth the money - Don't think so
3	This place has good cuts of fish that are sizable and fresh.  That's my main criteria for any sushi place.  The nigiri was quite good, and more filling than it initially looked.  I had the Edo combo, which was satisfying.  My only criticism was that the nigiri and roll combo included a sushi roll of avocado -- no other ingredients -- which I found kind of pointless.  If you are looking for a wide variety of sushi preparations, this isn't your place.  You are mainly limited to nigiri and a dizzying list of rolls.  No chirashi or much in the way of sashimi at all.  Omakase didn't seem to be a menu option either, but to be fair, i didn't ask.  There are some other options, like a "sushi pizza," which had cuts of tuna on a fried rice "pizza".  The rice was a little on greasy side, even accounting for it being fried.If you are jonesing for sushi in Old Montreal and you appreciate a fresh, fair cuts of fish, Tokyo Sushi Bar will scratch your itch.
4	Went here with a group of 10 (Sept 16, 2014). Reasonable ($300 for all), fresh and delicious sushi. Tasty tempura. Fast, friendly staff.
