4	I've been here a few times and the food has always been delicious.  I hear it gets very busy at most lunchtimes.  I was there today on a Saturday afternoon and it was very UN-busy, so that was pleasant.  The staff was friendly.  The choices were great.  I had the Johnny Appleseed quesadilla - Granny Smith apples and brie cheese in a quesadilla with cantaloupe salsa along with a cup of roasted vegetable soup.  I really liked the quesadilla but the salsa was not impressive.  The idea was good, the cantaloupe just didn't have a lot of flavor.  It was a beautiful day and we sat outside on the sidewalk.  Being off the street there weren't many people walking by our table, which is an issue for me sometimes if we sit outside.They also have a fun selection of wines, beers and cheeses.
5	I visit the Fitchburg location at least once a week and the staff is great.  Where else can you find such a great selection of wines for under $10?  The staff has always gone above and beyond for me - whether it be putting together a wine basket, expediting my order because I'm in a hurry or making great wine recommendations.
4	Tonight my boyfriend and his friend went to see a movie at Star Cinema. I had some work I needed to get done and didn't particularly want to see the movie, so I set out to find a coffee shop where I could get a good bite to eat and work.Barriques Market was SUPER close and totally fit the bill. They had a decent sized menu and I definitely had to think for a little bit before I decided on the Hi-Ho Hummus sandwich with greens and an iced tea.The sandwich tasted fresh and the balsamic vinaigrette tossed greens were nice and crisp. The iced tea was also good. I will admit, the sandwich was a little tangy for my taste ('twas the sun dried tomato hummus) , but it didn't stop me from devouring it. I was really hungry and it wasn't bad. I would probably get something else next time, but that's just me.Anyways, after dinner I decided to try their herbal blueberry Rishi tea. Pretty tasty!The atmosphere was quite cozy. The staff was also really nice. The overall experience was great and I will definitely be going back there.
4	This is a great and cozy place close to my parents home. It's nice to go and meet friends and just relax. Going off what Ky S. said, the staff at the Fitchburg location is particularly rude. There are always 2-3 people in there doing other things than monitoring the register. I will stand there for a good 5 minutes just to have them pour a cup of regular old coffee for me... I never order anything fancy. Other than the staff being careless human-beings its an excellent place to relax after a long day in big comfy leather chairs and couches and just have a nice conversation.
5	I frequent the Fitchburg and Middleton locations of Barrique's.  The lattes are excellent, staff is fun and friendly, and the wine selection is impressive.  Oh yeah, and they have free wi-fi!  In the winter, the fireplace is burning and I love the ambiance in general.  I disappeared for over six-months (went to live in France) and when I came back, the manager remembered me!  I haven't had very many food items from them, but what few things I've had have all been great.  They also have a great beer selection - very unique stuff.  I love the atmosphere and I'm happy that we have several in town!  Thanks everyone, and see you all again real soon! -  Jordan
4	Good selection of lunch or dinner offerings. Nice range of local beers and excellent range of wines. WiFi is free but can get slow when everyone shows up with a laptop. Usually enough space to sit but can be crowded around lunch some days. Easy parking. Friendly staff though there's a bit of turnover. Fireplace is nice in the winter.
5	I give this place a five star rating for selection,  food quality,  gift ideas and uniqueness.  I haven't stopped in here for quite some time and I was pleasantly surprised by some of their gift ideas of which I purchased a few.  Very nice little shop, comfy dining areas, good food.
2	Nope...the staff is grumpy...the sandwiches (if they come on a roll) are tiny and the roll is tough. The menu needs to rotate more. It's convenient, but not worth the hype. The baked goods are adequate, and the coffee is okay. Go there for the wine...the food....not so much!
5	If we had a Barriques in Chicago, I would never go to to any other coffee shop ever again. I only had the opportunity to try some coffee while I was there (though friends had lots of good things to say about the beer and wine they carried) and the quality was just far superior to any national chain you could visit. The flavor was deep without being burnt and I enjoyed a few hours sipping on coffee and using their free wifi. Loved it.
5	Love this place!  Great wine selection,  good made on the spot food and yummy pastries and desserts.  There is a warm fireplace for winter and a nice sidewalk cafe for spring and summer time.  The coffee is stellar!  A great place to meet friends and catch up with a glass of wine or coffee.
4	I really like this Barriques, especially the market feel and ambience.  I often stop in for a morning bkfst sandwich before work.  The lattes are yummy.  My two complaints are not enough seating (it can be quite crowded during busy times) and sometimes it seems the cooks are a little too relaxed and the wait for a simple sandwich is too long.
4	Solid location; makes you feel displaced from the suburb surrounding area.  Coffee isn't making me twitchy yet, but it's only the first cup...
5	This place rocks. Biked here (right along the paved trail) and got the Biker's Dream Breakfast Wrap: Peanut butter, strawberry jelly, granola, peaches, and bananas in a whole wheat wrap! Phenomenal and unique. The rest of the store is great too. Excellent low/mid priced wine selection with lots of worldly wines (not just CA), great beer selection, cool cheeses, unique gifts, etc.Open a Bariques in Denver please!
2	Not what it used to be.  Looks like this place has met with tough times.  The gift shelves are poorly stocked where they once had a number of creative gift ideas, stocking stuffers, mugs and the like.   Now just a few scraps left there from last year.   Sure, the wine and cheese is good but the service has been moderate to poor my last few stops. I recently waited for quite some time along with some other people.  No one acknowledged any of us to at least say, "be right with you".  I finally just left without buying anything.   Sadly, I have to lower my rating for this place by three stars.
5	Can't decide between a hot mocha or a glass of wine for your mid-afternoon study break? At Barriques, you don't have to choose! Who says you can't double fist with an espresso shot in one hand and rose wine in the other?If I wasn't a Starbucks gold card holder...you know that I would be here 24/7 with my Belly card. The hipster-esque environment offers this wannabe hipster (me) a nice respite from the all-too-suburban west side of Madison. The coffee is a nice, strong brew, and the crowd is of an older, scholarly sort. All pluses in my book. :) Also, I can see the random assortment of bar supplies and wine glass ornaments being a nice distraction from whatever work/studying I may find myself doing at Barriques.The yelp check-in deal for 50% off any coffee or espresso drink was also a very pleasant surprise. I'm not sure how long this is going to last - but I'd suggest that all ya'll yelpers take advantage of it while it lasts!
4	I have spent a fair amount of time at the various Barriques locations studying. The Fitchburg location is my favorite because of its layout-- , comfy leather chairs to sink into with a book around the fire place, a store space that is pleasant to meander through, conversations that aren't painful to overhear (volume and content wise). It also pretty great for dates--options of coffee, wine and snacks and an atmosphere that invites you to stay. The only downside I've found is that the fireplace throws a lot of heat and it gets HOT right next to it.
4	I like the variety and atmosphere of Barriques. It's one of my favorite places to hang out, especially with a fire in the fireplace. On the negative side, I have had better food and coffee elsewhere, but all told, Barriques has some wonderful offerings.
4	I stopped at Barriques one evening a few weeks ago with some girl friends. We were only in there for about a half hour for a quick glass of wine and some chit-chat before a movie.It was my first time at this Barrique's location and I was surprised by it. I loved all of the wine options (heaven, really.) and I was tempted to also order a coffee drink since they all looked pretty wonderful as well. There was plenty of seating, but still quite a few people there for a Wednesday evening. The service was great - very friendly employees!Too bad Fitchburg is quite a hike from Sun Prairie. If it wasn't, I'm sure I'd be a Barrique's regular.
4	E-MAIL WINE DEALS - I've been buying some of the email wine specials for about 3 years and I find they're nearly always a solid value. The "descriptive narratives" give the old wine thesaurus a hot yoga style workout and make one wonder just where the authors developed their remarkable palates. They pick up flavors like "brambles," "black caps" and "briary" (there go the "b"s!). I think my favorite, used in a positive way, was something about "as aromatic as a southern Georgia high school prom." I'd recommend getting the emails just to learn a few good crazy flavor descriptors to drop at your next wine event - and who knows - maybe you will detect some "defined red berry fruits,"  "infused minerals," or "  toasted wood spice."  And in any case, almost every wine I've purchased has ranged from good to very good and a couple bordered on great buys. On one occasion I found the wine with virtually nothing I liked (I bought 6 bottles) - they took it back without a hassle. As they should.  So my recommendation is to sign up for the reading and try a few wines.
4	Why can't they all look like this?And by "this" I mean filled to the brim with wine!!!SO.MUCH.WINE.Golly! I had to keep my cool in front of Rowan C during a work meeting, but if she wasn't there... If I were left alone after hours, I'd be poppin' bottles right and left folks and there wouldn't be any vino come opening the next day. Just so. much. wine. Also the coffee is laced with something. That or it's just damn good! I've never felt more productive (I was also in really good company for this meeting) or like I could run 15 marathons before lunch, but I sort of felt like I was king of the world. Or at least Fitchburg.
5	The Barriques I fell in love with.This is my favorite location.  I love the atmosphere, the staff, the quality coffee and food, and the fabulous selection of wine, beer, liquors and a wall of refrigerated cases of cheese, sausages and beverages ready to go for your picnic or party.They have an excellent menu for breakfast, lunch or dinner.  Sandwiches, soup, salads, and yes even alcoholic and caffeinated drinks too! YES!Cozy up to the fireplace when it is cold, grab a table for a coffee meeting or hang outside with a glass of wine.  The original wall of wine, shelf upon shelf of more wine, liquors, crackers, and other items to go along with your drinks.  Don't be afraid to ask for help =the staff is super knowledgeable. It's been over seven years and we're still going steady.  Don't change, I love you.
4	You can't go wrong with a place that serves coffee and alchohol.   I mean you can can start and end your day here.  What's there not to like?   The staff is alway pleasant, the crowd is diverse, and the pastries are pretty decent.  I come here to study sometimes and to steal wifi when I need to focus.  I can stay here for hours and get lost in my own world here.  I was here last night and it also appears that they have wine tastings.  Didn't inquire about it but it is def on my to do list.  They also have a magnificent selection of tea, at least I think so, based on my limited knowledge of tea.  This place has become a staple in my life and I'm never disappointed with the service or products offering.  Keep up the great work Barriques!
5	This just in y'all your one pound bag is 50% off when you check in on Yelp. And that rocks my socks off right now considering I have an unhealthy relationship with their Eye Opener!
5	I was so pleased with the personal attention I got in picking out a gift for the beer drinker in my life. I brought in chocolates that needed beer pairings and the staff enthusiastically found me matches without breaking my bank account. They took time to label beers for the appropriate chocolates and packed my beers in easy to carry boxes. Awesome!(Also, recently found my mom's favorite hard-to-find wine at Barriques.) Needless to say - stop for coffee, go gift shopping! Love.
5	Amazing coffee, good local food, comfy seating, and overall great atmosphere. I love Barriques!
4	One of my favorite places to go and have drinks with friends, or work during the week.Good Points:- Great atmosphere, and very friendly staff.- For the gluten-free and/or dairy-intolerant among us, they now have ALMOND MILK for their drinks! I can start drinking chai again!- Most locations, including this one, have not just a fireplace to warm up in the winter, but also copious outdoor seating to enjoy during the summer as well.Needs Improvement:- GF people, check the soymilk. Last I was aware, they used a variety that contained wheat (?! I know.)- Their wifi can be a bit flaky, and even moreso when it gets busy.- I wish they'd offer some GF options for food/baked goods that weren't just "here, have a salad." GF baked goods on the menu would make going there complete!
4	I have been very pleased coming here. Their beer/wine/liquor selections are wonderful. Food and coffee is also great. Will be back here for sure.
5	Was only in here for a few minutes but I cannot wait to return! The atmosphere here is awesome. And the staff are so, so friendly.Great coffee....but the maple nut scone I had was out of this world. What made it even better was it was still warm when I bit into it! Honestly the best scone I have ever had, hands down. Next time I'm in I plan to try another one of their breakfast offerings, and will update this review when I do!
5	Update: The Morning Bun is divine and made my morning extra happy. That's all.
5	Love this place.  More than your average coffee place, with food, and a great selection of wine, beer.  Kind of a half coffee house, half cool liquor store, and cafe.  Always room, always relaxed, great staff.  Don't leave without the breakfast sandwich with ham.  I will be the best you ever had.
5	Hmmm...been coming here for the past several years and never once did I write a review.  Must be off my Yelp game a bit.Barriques is a local coffee roaster and cafe with several locations in the Madison area.  I happen to think the location in Fitchburg is the best-not only because I live nearby but I feel the setup and the staff make it that way.  Great coffee, solid food (try the Biker's Dream Wrap) and an amazing wine selection (and a slightly smaller beer selection).  Tip:  You can buy and drink there anything you purchase without any corkage fee.
5	Barriques is a unique, cozy little paradise where coffee shop meets amazing wine/beer/liquor store.You can grab a cup of coffee or buy coffee beans to take home. They have an awesome Yelp check-in offer for 50% off coffee beans.The food is pretty good. The breakfast wraps are amazing. The lunch menu is limited with a pretty basic sandwich selection.  The soups are delicious!The wine and beer selection is awesome. If you're looking for a gift for a wine-loving friend, they have an extensive selection of wine accessories--everything decanters, aerators, corks, and things you never knew you needed but can't live without. :)
5	I'm not a huge fan of Barriques in general, but this one is outstanding. By far the best location of the bunch.+ Super cozy and comfortable+ Plenty of seating+ Feels like it's been there 100+ years - very inviting+ Good staff; fast, friendly, helpful+ Lots of coffee options for drink and/or to take home in bulkWhen I'm in the mood for Barriques, this will be my go-to location.
5	All of their food is great. Coffee drinks are good but very flavorful. Atmosphere is perfect. Service can be slow during peek hours.
2	If you could take all of the mediocre barrique's experiences and compress them into a big turd, that would have been today.  i just don't get the appeal of this place - is it just because every thing else is worse by comparison?  What a horrible reason to like something.  so, it would seem as if Barrique's is trying to present themselves as some kind of euro-experience come to the midwest.  it has a nice, cozy, sit-down and come out of the cold feel.  so, i'll give it 1 star for ambiance.  they do have a (1) decent armagnac, and an assortment of wine, as well as a nice selection of sour beer.  so, that gets them another star.  However, in all other ways, they just suck.  It's typical to get food that's subpar.  so, that goes without saying.  For example, a whole banana smeared with peanut butter and jelly, wrapped in an untoasted whole wheat tortilla.  i hope you understand that that's a bastardized peanut butter and jelly sandwich selling for $5?  that'd be appealing if I was 12, but, then i'd make it myself.  and if i was making it myself, i'd know enough to toast the damn thing, because if you don't, you get a mouthful of cold, mushy dough, without the contrasting texture of crispy, warm tortilla.  Or, how about, a couple pieces of chicken, fewer pieces of bacon, a loft of filler spinach, and enough ranch dressing to make you vomit, wrapped in, unsurprisingly, an untoasted tortilla?  Once again, cold, mushy dough.  Now, look at the menu, and picture this same scenario for every piece of food they sell that is wrapped in the sandwich cliche known as the tortilla.  if it helps add to the visual, imagine the salad greens are brown and slimy.  Today, though, saw a whole new level of not giving a crap, with the gustatory experience that is the Barrique's Breakfast Sandwich.  This delicacy is billed as a "fresh egg omelet with Hook's cheddar on a Barriques Breakfast roll.  Add Applewood bacon or sausage for $1.25".  Well, in spite of that description, the bundle of joy I received was 1 single egg, unscrambled, with the yolk broken, and cooked hard, (for the record, it is generally recognized that 3 eggs is an omelet, 2 eggs a scramble, and 1 egg is bullsh*t), cheddar cheese that was obviously process garbage, a wee bit of ham that could have been a scrap that might have fallen off of a what one might imagine a real sandwich to be, all on a miniature hamburger bun.  Now, maybe this piece of bread was generously mislabeled as a dinner biscuit in the chain store it was purchased from, but, that doesn't change the fact that it had the same size and texture as a white castle hamburger bun.  All told, this massive taste sensation had the diameter of a silver dollar, and the flavor and texture of reheated Arby's hot ham and cheese.  It's diminutive size was starkly contrasted against the full sized dinner plate it was served on.  Now, some may say that the cheap price ($2.65) appeals to the homeless person in all of us, but, when you consider it would take 5 of these things to fill your stomach, and your stomach would shortly thereafter vomit the contents back onto that massive plate in protest, the whole thing reveals itself for lie that it really is.  The false promise of the american dream made manifest in the farcical breakfast sandwich that sat in front of me.  And then, to wash it all down, was a burned and acrid coffee, more bitter than anything even star bucks would ever dare to serve.  sweet mother of god, people, get your sh*t together.  Never again Barriques!  I'll be back for your one, good armagnac, that somehow made it on your shelves.  but, everything else is aptly summed up by your own motto "wine for the masses, coffee for the people".  Sorry, I'm not into cafeteria food.
