3	After installing solar panels all morning under hazy skys, it was nice to sit down to a hearty bowl of soup and a big salad... got the big salad ok but the soup was watery and lacking in taste. I would have thought by all the firemen and construction people that the food would be a little heartier. The price is right though for what you get and if you like dining with firemen this is the place to go.For real hearty fair, I would suggest stopping at Chompies down the street.
5	BY FAR my favorite gourmet sandwich place that I've been to in AZ. They have a pretty extensive menu featuring both hot and cold sandwiches, soups, salads, etc. Try the... well, hell... there are too many great sandwiches to recommend to choose just one. Only drawbacks are: it tends to be pretty crowded during the lunch rush, the interior needs updating, and it's closed on Sundays.
4	I'm a huge fan of Picnic Company in general, and this is the location I've frequented the most... It's pretty basic stuff but an extensive salad and sandwich menu are appealing to me.  I'm kind of addicted to their almond chicken salad.  I like to get a full portion for lunch - it's delicious with their honey mustard dressing!  I also like that they offer different soups and side items daily - and their fruit is actually fresh!  They deliver, which is another major bonus if you work nearby and can't escape but I recommend placing your order early as sometimes it can take awhile.Only negative in my eyes (other than the fact that they are closed on Sundays) is that they use some kind of processed avocado or guacamole instead of the real thing.  Other than that, you can't go wrong... enjoy your picnic!
5	You might think its just a sandwich but try making it taste that good at home. It never works for me.I love the Picnic Company, it was the first place I ate at while visiting Phoenix about 6 years ago and still a favorite now that I live here.Huge menu, sandwiches, salads, soups and yogurt shakes. Fresh ingredients, generous sizes and a comfortable dining area. My favorite is the Turkey on nine grain with the works(hot honey mustard, mayo,lettuce ,cucumber, tomato and sprouts with your choice of cheese) and a side of their Artichoke Tortellini pasta salad, LOVE that pasta its so Good!!Nothing but Fresh Food and pleasant experiences here for me!
4	I used to come here many many years ago when I lived in the area... it was one of my favorite places go for sandwiches.  And I made it here for lunch finally once again.  It was as good as I remember.  This time I wasn't very hungry so I settled on the Harvest Picnic which was very good.  It had roasted red peppers, avocado spread, mushrooms, tomato, cucumber, romaine lettuce, alfalfa sprouts and hot honey mustard on on 9 grain bread.  I will definitely be back since I am in the area now I can't wait to try their huge menu of sandwiches, soups, salads and even shakes!
5	Want a great sandwich? Try this place. I love it! Their sandwiches are fresh and they offer a ton of toppings to put on them. You will not get board with their selection of "Picnic" sandwiches. I love their turkey with raspberry jam. I will keep coming back. They are one of the few cafes that offer dofino cheese. Call ahead or order for delivery for lunch. The cafe can get very crowded, but the food is worth the wait if you can get a table.
5	While this place is not very huge it definitely does not lack in flavor. I was first introduced to their great tasting grub a little over four years ago when the place I worked at used to be located down the street. One day after finding out someone had helped themselves to my lunch, I decided to place an order for a sandwich and a large ice tea. What I received can only be described as one awesome sandwich. Meat and cheese were piled high and the veggies tasted like they came right out of a garden. Each bite made me happy and sad at the same time. Happy that I was feasting on such delicious food yet sad that because of my huge hunger this cold cut master piece would soon be gone. LOL OK so I may be putting a little to much on it but that was one seriously good sandwich! They always offer the best tasting meat and cheese (dofino hmmm) and their selection of bread (nine grain, honey wheat, white, and sourdough) is great also if you are in the mood to mix things up a little. They also serve salads and soup if you are looking to complete your comfort food combo but by far your best bet is to go for the sandwiches. My recommendation is the complete picnic if you are REALLY hungry as this will fill even the largest belly guaranteed! So if you are tired of nasty and tasteless subs and those dumb $5 foot long commercials then give this place a try. Your stomach will thank you!
