4	After TCC Family Hair Care on 19th and Northern closed for good I was faced with the daunting task of finding another place to get my haircut that is halfway decent and not overly expensive. After prodding around on Yelp.com for a place that has been reviewed (not negatively) and and isn't too expensive, I found Joe's Barber Shop. And I have to say, I am glad I did. This place bills itself as a "European barbershop", but I am not actually sure what that means so I have no idea if it is an accurate description or not. But clearly Joe and his wife Alla are from somewhere in Eastern Europe and so are the other gals that were working there when I stopped in on a Wednesday morning to get a haircut. The chairs there are big and comfortable and there was a nice TV on and plenty of seating for other folks. It had a welcoming vibe I would say. Much more so than a SuperCuts or other franchise family salons. It was also clean and looked like a business that was well taken care of with good equipment. I was glad to see this.The haircut was great. The gal who helped me (can't remember her name) did a really good job and really took her time with me. She gave me a nice razor shave on my neckline and a great cut overall. I was super happy. It was $12.00 + plus tip and I got a nice 30 minute haircut, which was meticulous and one of the best cuts I've had in years. I was almost mad upon leaving when I realized that I wasn't getting nearly the time or the cut at other places I had been to around my neighborhood. Bottom line: Joe's is great overall. They gave me an exceptional cut at a great price and I left the place thinking "I am definitely coming back again". Maybe I will do so earlier than I am used to as I feel like I can get good service and it makes me want to come back sooner to keep my hair looking neat and trim....and I don't EVER rush to come out of pocket for anything, so that's saying a lot.
5	I have been coming to Joe's for several years and love it. Clean. Short or no wait. Clean. Quick service. Did I mention, clean? God Bless Joe's.
5	Have come back for haircuts on three different occasions and all three times it has been excellent. Joe's is a top-notch barbershop in my view.
