1	This business makes me wish I could give negative stars.Here's the deal;at the COB on 10-29, I had $12.52 in my account. For no discernible reason, they deducted an NSF fee from my account. Despite still being in the black.The morning of 10-30, the Denny's transaction from the prior day, for $11, clears my account.And I get ANOTHER NSF FEE.Because my account is overdrawn.Because of the NSF fee from the previous night.When I call the bank, they explain that the Denny's transaction had already put a "Hold" on my account, and that there was another transaction still pending, which, when combined with the Denny's transaction, but me in the red.And that, since I was already in the red, from the hold, and the pending, when the Denny's transaction actually cleared my account, because I had overdraft "protection"(1), they paid it, but I was already overdrawn, so they had to charge me an NSF fee.I was on the verge of my head exploding.I have withdrawn almost every dime from this institution (still have transactions pending) and will never work with them again.Fuck this place. They will literally rob you.
1	I wish I could give negative stars.I've been with this bank for 20 years, and this means nothing to them. In the 20 years I've been with them they have done endless crap to me like auto-enrolling me in programs I don't want the latest of which caused over $300 in fees on my account. After calling them, they put me on hold for a while to "review my account" (which obviously means to see if I am important enough to them to refund the fees). Apparently I am not. After holding I was told they won't refund them (again these are fees from a program I never signed up for). Insulting. This is what they continue to do to me after being with them for 20 years.I'm out. I can't take it anymore.
1	Called about charges on my account that I did not authorize and after a long conversation with "Mike" where I was repeatedly told that I was wrong and he refused to do any thing but charge me additional fees, I was hung up on, Yes, hung up on. I did not swear, but did sound angry (and why shouldn't I be when they hand out my money and then want to charge me to correct it?!? )  I went to their Facebook page to express my disappointment, a post that was removed and then I was blocked so I could not repost,  so that other unfortunate suckers will not see how truly terrible their customer service is and  will continue to be treated like crap by this terrible institution. I have yet to be contacted by anyone about being hung up on, not even by email which I sent nearly 14 hours ago...... Well guess what scum bags - you cannot delete this. Enjoy your increasing number of complaints and decreasing amounts of money, you know, that stuff you need to stay in business... sincerely, someone who is sick of your long branch lines, hidden fees, and constantly crashing web site.Buh - there is one star because "no stars" is not an option.
1	This place uses to be about us members but now they are no better then the big banks out there. They will hit you up with fees and even charge a monthly membership fee!  Barf!
1	Yet another bad experience with Arizona Federal Credit Union. This morning I placed an order with a company in Scotland for some clothing. (Yes, a kilt). Two hours later I tried to use my debit card for a $2 breakfast and it was declined. While I am glad to have escaped  BofA's high fees by taking my business to a CU, at least BofA would call when they froze a card for a suspicious transaction. I didn't have to figure it out on my own.When I called the AZFCU call center to unlock the card they made me feel like it was my fault I wasn't notified.The staff at AZFCU really need better customer service training. I also bet there is no trouble ticket in their system to get suspicious transaction notification fixed.
1	I am a new "member" and let me tell you, I am not very amused. I have a VISA secured credit card with them and because of it, a savings account. I want to make a payment to my VISA secured credit card and I cannot do it online using a checking account from a different bank. The only option is to "move money" from their savings account onto the secured credit card. It's 2013 people!!! How many of you cannot pay your VISA with your checking account?Called their customer service, after being on hold for 31 MINUTES, I was hung up on. Called again and after on hold for another 32 MINUTES, I was hung up on again. Called the lady that opened my account, voicemail. An hour wait for a simple freaking question from a new member!!After some research online, I found out I can pay my VISA secured credit card with a debit card from a different bank, by paying a $18 "surcharge" fee. How the hell am I supposed to pay them?? Go to the freaking branch in person to pay a simple credit card??No answers. Left a voicemail to the lady who opened my account and hopefully she will get back to me.UPDATE:After an hour wait on the phone, I finally got to talk to someone and they did tell me I cannot make an online payment using the checking account from a different bank. I can only pay it online using the debit card from a different bank and paying the $18 fee. Or I can pay using the checking account from a different bank over the phone, pay a $5 fee and it takes up to 4 days to process. Or I can go in person, give them my debit card from a different bank and be charged a non-bank atm fee by my bank. What a mess. I'm closing my account and going someplace else.
1	Hello,I have a car loan with AZ Federal and double up on my payments.  Today is 6/12/14, i'm paid until July 2, get a phone call today demanding instant payment (with a $5 surcharge) or get a late fee of $30. Remember I'm already paid up-but I gave them another phone payment today (paid till August now) as they say this is in my contract that I must make regular payments. To SUM up I pay my debt early and get Penalized for doing so....Very rude staff, they no nothing about customer service! Would not give me information as to who regulates them. Run Away-Never Do Business with AZ Federal (I will payoff and close the car loan and savings account ) Bad Experience!!!!
1	I have been a member of AZFCU since 2004. I have had auto loans, personal loans and a credit card through them. Currently have a personal loan and a credit card with them. Forgot to make a payment in the month of October, so they went and canceled my credit card. No calls or letters about me being late(they have my correct address but a old number). I found out that they canceled my credit card when I went to Credit Karma to review my credit score for the month of November. When I called them, they were terrible and I spoke with someone that was rude and did not want to listen. They told me I was 28 days late and after 15 days, their system will review the account and determine the outcome and they have no control over it. They want me to go into the local branch and speak to them about getting my credit card reopened. I will not be going down to the local branch to get my credit card reopened. I am going to pay off all outstanding debt and then cancel my account. People talk bad about Bank of America but I have a credit card through them and other loans and have been late and they have never done anything like this to me.PLEASE STAY AWAY FROM THIS BANK! THEY ARE NOT ALL ABOUT "US".
5	I've always liked the way that AFCU is a hands on and greet you at the door kind of place, but a recent experience warrants a real review. I went in to the Desert Ridge branch around 5:30p needing a cashier's check. Unfortunately, I miscalculated my cash to account balance and did not have enough funds to cover my check. The teller who was helping me suggested several options which enabled me to obtain my cashier's check without having to leave the bank empty handed. Thank you AFCU! I am a FAN!
