5	First time come here, I got a coconut glaze donut. It was fresh. The texture of donut was soft, almost melting in my mouth. There was a different taste into it that make me want to bite more until the last bite.The glaze was light, not thick and super sweet. I hope the same thing on the other donut when I try it.This place just open and they have free donut and coffee on Friday, Jan 24th. The location is between Baseline Rd and 24th St., near Cleaner Laundry and right behind of Rubio's).It worth to try!
5	Donuts, iced coffee, and boba tea in South Phoenix... Finally! This place is easy to miss so look for the dry cleaners and nail shop facing 24th st just north of Baseline. I'm still making my way through all of the options but so far I have not been disappointed. I especially like the French vanilla iced coffee... Not sure exactly why it's so good but it's delicious and cheap... Score!
5	Seriously the best donuts in town!It's a Mom and Pop place, so you know it's good!
5	Wow! What a little hidden gem! Their donuts and smoothies are amazing! I've been there 3 times over the last week at different times of the day and the donuts are always fresh! The prices are great! They have several flavors for the smoothies, so far my favorite is coconut/banana, delicious! I'm so excited this is in our neighborhood! The staff is also very nice and helpful. Wonderful place!
5	This place has amazing donuts....I brought in donuts for a team meeting at work, everyone loved the donuts and asked me to bring them again for day 2 of the meeting...The staff there is great to work with I think they now know me by name which is a good thing...I will be back again to get more donuts...
5	Cro-nuts are awesome! The coconut creme filling is light and doesn't over power the dream stic or the filled donuts. The cake style donuts are moist and light. The icings are homemade and not thick nor too smothered. I had purchased a dozen for $8.50, which was reasonable.
5	After the decline and disappearance of Donuts on Central, south phoenix was in dire need of a great donut shop. Our wishes have been answered and exceeded by the arrival of Best Donuts! Super friendly staff, a clean, inviting store and fantastic donuts to boot! We couldn't have asked for more! Thank you Best Donuts!  Do yourself a favor and grab a box or two, take them to your co-workers then stand back and wait for the accolades.
5	This donut shop is absolutely wonderful! I drive 10 miles out of my way just to get a dozen of the fresh treats here! Huge variety! Friendly people! Worth every mile! I'd much rather go here then to Dunkin...affordable but even if it were more than Dunkin I'd still buy them at Best Donuts! Make the journey here and it won't disappoint!
5	My daughter and I stopped here for her birthday breakfast of strawberry and chocolate glazed donuts. Yum! We enjoyed talking with the owner. The donuts are unbelievable- fluffy and flavorful! I also got an iced coffee that was perfect-- not too sweet like others serve it--
5	Best Donuts EverYes South Phoenix was in dire need of donuts and to our rescue came the best donuts in town,  Friendly staff all the time.  I will drive out of my way to go here.
5	These donuts are delicious! Walk in to a huge selection of fresh donuts (pretty much any donut you could ever want). You can taste the freshness. They are open at 5 am every day.
5	Best Donuts lives up to their name! They are definitely the best shop to go to for that sweet tooth craving if you live in the South Phoenix area. I have a thing for local donut shops and this one lives up to par with my expectations. The place is very clean, we even walked in to someone cleaning. Staff is so nice, even threw in an extra donut! I picked up a half dozen donuts around 7:30 pm; not exactly the freshest donuts ever but they were still very good which leads me to believe that they would taste even better in the morning. I will also be sure to update when I have tried their boba drinks; I was too full to try one tonight but I am sure I will become a regular here :)
5	Best donuts in South Phoenix that I have had.. They are fresh and the staff has always been super friendly.  Get some today..
5	This is exactly what we needed in South Phoenix. I love the Taro smoothie with boba. Their breakfast sandwiches are delicious and the customer service is superb.
5	This place reminds me of the donut shops in CA. We stopped by for a quick breakfast on a Sunday morning. The place was quiet but consistently busy. We really enjoyed croissant breakfast sandwiches (yum!!!) and a couple donuts. Our one-year-old ate two croissants and the donut hole that they gave him when we came in. We'll definitely be back! I would prefer them over Bosa any day.
5	The name of this place could not be more appropriate. They have the best doughnuts around, friendly service, and a nice, clean store. Best Donuts indeed!
5	First and foremost, I am a donut snob.With that said,  holy wow. Friendly service, amazing flavor, affordable prices. Got half a dozen for under 6.00. Do yourself a favor and skip whatever confection you were going to get with your coffee at Starbucks across the parking lot and come here for a apple fritter.  You'll come back to yelp and thank me later.
5	Love this place! They have the BEST, most amazing buttermilk bars! Their apple and cherry fritters are also scrumptious and big. They have a selection of coffee, tea and smoothies too.  Plan for a couple minutes though- I've been here early in the morning and at 8:30pm and have had to wait in line.
5	Wow. Yum. And I am not big on donuts! They really live up to the name. So nice, friendly, and affordable! The ham, egg, and cheese croissant was delicious! Will be back again no question
