5	Love 'em. Like you wouldn't go to a fine Mexican restaurant and order nachos, you wouldn't come here and expect a gourmet meal. We come here when we want to gorge ourselves on burritos, nachos, rolled tacos with guacamole (a perennial favorite) and beans (a favorite of the toddler and mine). Their breakfast burritos are great (and HUGE) and everything else is equally delicious. My husband loves the pina (a pineapple flavored drink - I think I'd like it with vodka) and the prices here are fair and best yet, they have a drive through window. I'm in love.
5	Yet again.  Same order (Arizona Burrito and three Rolled Tacos with Guacamole), same deliciousness.  How can you do this to me for $6.31?  It's just not right!  I'm going to get fat.  Delicious food shouldn't be this cheap and come from a drive through window.  I don't even have to pull the toddler out of his car seat.  10 minutes round trip and I'm on the couch, beer in one hand, burrito in the other Real Housewives of New Jersey on TV.  It doesn't get any better than this.
2	I'm on a Mexican food kick, and realized besides Los Taquitos and Arribas there's also one of the 'Bertos close by. I told my husband where I was heading and he gave me a dubious look.... Right there I should have re-thinked my meal plan. Ordered through drive thru, carne asada fries and three rolled tacos with cheese/guac. Food was ready fast. While driving home, the delicious smell I was expecting that usually makes me want to start eating in my car wasn't there. It smelled like grease, old grease. Got home and got a bite of taco.... Ugh no. It tasted like it have been fried a couple of times... several days ago. Then tried the carne asada fries....Meh, super salty. I mean, I wasn't expecting healthy food, greasy food can be delicious but this was not, at all!!! I started feeling disgusted while trying to eat the fries and didn't even looked back at the tacos. Sadly, it all ended in the garbage and I hate to throw out food.  Maybe I should have ordered a burrito or had some drinks before coming here. I'll give them a try again, but in the very distant future when I can think about Bertos without feeling nauseous.
5	My husband can't survive without Filiberto's breakfast burritos. I like their chicken taco salad and the tortas (sandwiches).Oh, and of course, their tamarindo juice is the best.
2	This place is kind of gross, however it hits the spot when you may be craving greasy mexican food that is cheap.  Stay away from the guacamole though as it is pretty gross.
4	An Open Letter to Filiberto's:I don't know what caused your franchising department to approve this location in Ahwatukee, but I'm really glad you did. Everyone loves deliciously decadent and insanely cheap Mexican food. You're not the best food out there--far from. But you don't pretend to be anything you're not. You unapologetically peddle your wares to us enlightened folks that eschew the crappy breakfast food served at virtually any other fast food place.Oh, and thank you for giving me hot sauce no matter how I answer the question, "Do you want hot sauce?" Because even though I always say no, I always want it by time I get home. And you give it to me. I love you.Sincerely,Andy G.
4	Always friendly. Great food! Great atmosphere! The Carnage Asada quesdilla is always full of meat and cheese.
5	Love the steak and egg burrito!! My favorite!! Love it!!
3	Good, cheap Mexican food. Usually go for fish tacos or a quesadilla. Portions are pretty big, so I can split 2 orders among 3 people and still get full, but the quality is just average. Also, I always end up waiting a long time for them to prepare my takeout orders. (I thought it was fast food?)
2	So it's late and you are craving tacos and beans. You hit the drive thru, request double beans in place of rice and beans (because you love lard AND dislike Mexican rice). You pay, drive home, lay your purchase on the coffee table.  The table strains to hold all of the goodness contained in that styrofoam clamshell.  You open it up and ... find no beans and about three pounds of rice. Fail Filibertos, double rice fail.
5	Listen, I've written enough reviews about the many Filiberto's across the valley that I would be regurgitating old stuff over and over again. Seriously though, I've been to about 5 of them in AZ, and after moving to Boston I'm kind of hoping that AZ might be willing to donate me a Filiberto's. There is nothing like it anywhere. I used to be skeptical about this place, but then I tried it, and I've been addicted since. Sadly enough, because of my closed mind, I only got to have it for the last 3 out of the 22 years I was in Phoenix.If you're a snob who likes to eat arugula salads with steamed fish or some other healthy food, don't come here. If you're a Chipotle snob, don't come here. Don't get me wrong, I love Chipotle, but Filiberto's is just different.
5	I usually go to the Phoenix Filibertos on 32nd st and Greenway and the food is excellent, service is great and they always get the order right in the drive-thru.You won't be disappointed.Beth T
5	Always consistent and delicious! Love the green hot sauce! Chicken tacos are my favorite!!
3	Filibertos has some good food for breakfast and dinner. My favorite is the breakfast burritos (steak and egg, bacon, chorizo, etc.). They also have some solid entrees for dinner available, and the pricing is decent.The negatives are that the drive in is slow and service is slow at times, and some of the meals are kind of greasy and messy. But if you are hungry for Mexican food it's not a bad choice.
2	The food is not that great or cheap. I've tried the nachos, rolled tacos, and enchiladas. My husband usually gets a burrito.  Without fail the food always upsets our stomachs, but we keep going back. Not sure why.  The green sauce is good. Service is always good too.
3	I recommend the Foie Gras with truffle butter emulsion paired with any '94 Chateau LaTour...Oh wait, wrong place. Writing from memory, will update if I go back (aka surprisingly hungover & don't feel like microwaving breakfast). This is lard plain & simple, done pretty much the right way, usually tasty but with a kick an hour or two later. Cheap, big, & much better if you're either drunk or only have $10 in your bank account and need fatty burritos to last the whole day. Surprising that they're in the far reaches of Ahwatukee, so (probably unfairly) an extra star for that. Also a plus that they have a drive through so you don't have to get out of your car. Chorizo or bacon breakfast burritos do the trick & are surprisingly cheap. A little too dry in my opinion, but doesn't matter so much for me, I always put lots of hot sauce on mexican anyway. Self pity & questioning certain life decisions come free of charge.
5	What's not to like. Traditional Filiberto's in a high-end neighborhood. My favorite is the carne Assad. Great food, clean environment, great service
