2	A pretty casual hotel restaurant. Because it's a hotel restaurant, you'll get your meal overpriced with a limited selection. At least parking is free in the lot.
3	Pretty average restaurant.  It smells like an old person dinner club, very ketchupy and fried-foody.  Waitstaff is very nice and personable.  The roasted vegetable and hummus wrap is amazing.  I wouldn't go downtown and deal with parking just for the sandwich, but if I was staying at the hotel or I lived in the neighborhood, I would head over there occasionally just for the sandwich.
3	This isn't normally the type of restaurant we'd go to, but they were offering Restaurant.com girft certificates, so we gave them a shot. I reviewed the menu prior to going and knew what to expect -- overpriced American food. But, with the cert. it ended up being a pretty reasonably priced meal for three (including drinks and a dessert). The food actually wasn't bad -- everything was fresh and warm. The service was great! Everyone was super friendly and our waitress was very nice and informative. When I realized she'd overcharged on something, she corrected it without the least bit of irritation. Beer prices were okay, wine was pretty high (didn't even get into mixed). All in all, I would say their food isn't bad, but you can get much better for much less a few blocks away. If it's convenient for you, it's really not the worst you could do. With a coupon, it comes out comparable to other places that don't have the convenience of a hotel.
3	Not bad for a Hotel Bar.  Plenty of beer options but the food should only be eaten in a pinch.  Typical bar food burgers, nachos and chicken fingers, just pricey for the Quality.
4	Painful, as a Marquette grad to rate anything in Madison as positive...  But it is a pretty good sports bar in a hotel.  I've been here a couple times and always found the staff friendly and attentive (morning breakfast excluded, and why I ding a star).  Bar staff was amazing, friendly, attentive.  Heck they made us chicken quesadilla appetizer that was even on the menu.Morning service (aka bar supporting hotel) not so much.  Staff in attentive and know most are on coupons, etc.  Once the buffet wasn't even open.  But as a guy that relocated to the South...  Visiting in January...  Only option ;)
3	Tastes pretty good, but too expensive and the portions are small.
2	Never seen a bar (especially a hotel bar) so anxious to close checks and have patrons go away. Happened to me both at lunch and dinner; I watched same happen all around me. Too bad because beer selection was good and atmosphere was inviting. Would have otherwise enjoyed spending more time and money here.
4	This is a great hotel restaurant. It definitely has great UW pride decor and can't even imagine how fun it would be to watch an away game. It is my second time staying at the hilton, which has a breakfast buffet there in the morning. A lot of great options, both hot and cold and the food isn't half bad. I ate dinner here once and loved their chimichurri (spelled that right?) sauce. Also, i enjoyed their strawberry salad. So good! Their cheese curds weren't that great. They have a really great menu of local beers. It would be fun to come here and watch an away game
4	I'm going to tell you a secret: this is my favorite bar/restaurant in Madison.The staff is friendly, keep your beer cup filled and bring the food out promptly.Also, the food is great and the environment is perfect for sports-watching.The best part is that, aside from game days, this place is never super busy. It is nice to get away from campus for a bit and just enjoy a good meal and a beer.
4	This place is a bit schizophrenic.I am staying at the hotel for a week so I am here enough to say that  they serve a good breakfast with a friendly breakfast staff.
1	We were charged on our bill for a few extra things we did not order, and when we pointed this out to the waitress she immediately groaned and walked away.  I politely asked for a manager from another passing waitress to come over to help sort this out and when he came over I pointed out the problem, and not only did he argue with me but he also swore at me.  I am literately blown away by this!Food was mediocre at best, I can get the same bar food at any other place but I can get it cheaper and be treated better at any other bar in town.  I have no idea why people like this place, even without being treated horribly by the staff it's just a "meh" place at best.
