4	They always take great care of my Camaro! Most people complain but I've been going here for 7 years and have had no problems at all!
4	I took my car in for an oil change it only took 20 minutes I was expecting to be there atleast an hour.  thanks guys.
1	I went in for an oil change with a coupon. They told me I needed every service they provide, such as coolant, hoses, belts, wipers, etc. The problem is that all these things are new and they are trying to maximize the final total. They also misplaced my coupon and tried to charge me full price. I will never go back.
4	Compared to previous experiences with Jiffy Lube this one was actually quite pleasant - no long lines, efficient employees, no 'upsell,' and a Television with working volume controls in the lobby.  Interestingly one of THREE independent former Ohioans in the lobby while I waited (3/4 people - what are the odds) we talked about the Buckeyes while our respective cars were drained, lubed, vacuumed, and given a 20 point check by the staff and thirty minutes later I was back on the road; for me that is worth paying a few bucks more - though the synthetic blend at JL is still the same price as full synthetic at Valvoline back in Ohio.
5	They took the time to explain things to me and I got a good vibe from the people working there. They are friendly and, from what I can tell, they are honest. There prices on some items are more expensive than autozone but I would have never known to replace them unless someone told me to. I think the good service is worth the extra.
3	I looked down and saw my oil light was on. It indicated I only had 3% oil left. Ouch! So since I had to go to Discount Tires to get my tires rotated I decided to go next door and get my oil changed. Now it's been years that I would even think of going to one of these type of oil change places. I normally go to an owner operated garage I use for all my vehicle maintenance.  But today I decided to go to Jiffy Lube simply because of convenience.Even if the price is more than I normally pay for an oil change, the service was quick and the employees friendly.  This place delivers on all counts.  The customer service was excellent and they really pride themselves in their customer service.Of course they offer many additional services (Translation - try to upsell you) but if you don't want it, you can always politely refuse. There is nothing wrong with them asking you if you want these extra things to help your car and there is nothing wrong with you not doing it.Their oil change is more than an oil change, it's preventive maintenance to change, inspect, check / fill and clean essential components of your vehicle and help keep it all running smoothly.smoothly.SERVICE: The crew here is quick! Service was prompt, friendly, and fast. It didn't seem like the shady "get em in an' turn em over" type of place that it was in my head.  CONCLUSION: I only recommend this place for people who are constantly "on the go". What you are paying for is speed and service. All in all, this is a great location that provides solid service in a timely manner.
5	I know NOTHING about cars, needed an oil change and went to this location. OMG, AWESOME! I was treated politely, no one tried to sell me something I did not need, employees explained everything, it is extremely female friendly. They just got a customer for life! Even offered a coupon. Thanks Jiffy Lube!
5	I've been coming here for 7yrs. These guys have always been pleasant. No pressure. They let you no of course what you need but "no pressure" I like that about this place. Not a fancy place but they get the job done and the waiting area is clean.
4	I've been coming here for about a year now for routine maintenance on both my vehicles. Yes, they cost a bit more, but I love the convenience! They usually offer discount, or I will have a coupon they emailed me to help with the cost.I like the location. I stop when there is little or no wait. They have always been courteous. I like that they go over everything and then give me the option of what I want done without a hard sell.They have a clean waiting room and coffee too!
