5	This doesn't just pertain to this QT location. I own a cheap body shop, so I spend a lot of time driving around for my job. I'm in and out of my car constantly giving estimates, etc. I get extremely hot and thirsty, particularly by the end of the day. I also go through a lot of gas driving all over the Valley. When I need gas or a cold icy drink, I search for a QT. First of all, their gas prices are always amongst the lowest, if not the lowest around Phoenix. And second, they have great frozen drinks. My personal favorite is a combo sandwich of Coke, white cherry and a little more Coke. The prices are low even when they're not running a special. I go for the 44 ouncer. But a few more things. Each QT, no matter where it is, seems clean and pleasant. I get greeted and taken care of very politely. The same can not always be said for places like Circle K. Once I injured myself playing baseball and they hooked me up with a big bag of ice for the drive home. I just like the company. Without exception, each time in has been a safe and positive experience. Trust it for a clean bathroom or a safe place to stop if you ever need to.
5	Qt always has among the lowest gas prices and nicest staff.
5	I go to this QT location practically every day.  The staff is generally affable, and they make sure to move you through the line expeditiously.  One female employee was kind enough to help me figure out how to fold up the drink carrier when I did it wrong and she took notice.  They often make pleasant small talk, which makes me feel that I'm more than a mere face in the crowd (not to mention the fact that QT employees at all locations say "hello," which is a definite plus for me). On the very rare occasion, I find myself being asked for money by someone in the parking lot.  It has never been much of an issue though.
5	Probably the best convenient store ever.The service is always great.
1	I when here for gas and a cold drink. ...and a bathroom visit...a Saturday afternoon.  Big mistake. Worst, unkempt bathroom I've ever seen from any QT!  And the line inside had to get three-people deep before another guy decided to help out. Geez Louise, y'all can do better!  The merchandise was well stocked and the rest of the store appeared to be clean.
