5	Excellent pumpkin pie at this location ONLY in the world! very friendly staff
4	My family's recent meal at Marie Callendar's came to about $15 per person.  Was it worth it?  Perhaps not.  Was it good though?  Yes.  I ordered beef stroganoff.  It was very good.  There was no shortage of mushrooms and the beef was very tender.  No complaints.  My dad ordered a soup and salad bar.  Fine.  Also ordered that night was hot wings and a side of fries, a turkey sandwich with avocado, and a chicken finger sandwich.  None of us had any complaints.  The corn bread and honey butter was fantastic as always.  The service was quick and friendly.  It was a nice evening out with my family.  However, for food that is just slightly better than a place like Denny's, the price is more than what I like to pay.
1	Last night's meal came with a side of cockroach. As in there was literally a cockroach crawling on our table. Of course, we didn't see it until after we finished our dinner. Our waiter, Sergio, brought out the manager as he went to go charge the credit card that my boyfriend so kindly provided, despite the fact that we shouldn't have had to pay and we wouldn't have since the manager would have taken care of it had Sergio not been so efficient. I'm sure there are other health codes being violated. I am extremely grossed out and will never eat at this location again. Mark my words.
4	Not being able to decide exactly what we wanted to do for lunch, we opted for the ever consistent Marie Callender's. We were greeted with a smile and promptly shown to a booth. It's hard to beat their soup and salad bar lunch. The potato cheese soup is a meal in itself along with some warm cornbread. The salad bar offers fresh veggies and chunks of real turkey. My buddy decided on a Parmesan club that looked might tasty. It must have been, as he devoured it. The iced tea was fresh and the service was good. I haven't been to this location in a while and wasn't disappointed.
2	The food was ok, but our service was TERRIBLE. Our server took at least 10 min to acknowledge us and ignored us most of the time. We had to ask her repeatedly for things and remind her what we had ordered. She was not friendly at all. We were going to order dessert but we we were too frustrated with our service that we had to leave. On a side note the ac was literally blowing is away. Which is good in a hot summer day, but it made for an ice cold lunch.
4	Love this spot. It is a very casual almost diner/cafe feel. The prices are cheap and the food is good. The pot pie had a crispy, flaky top with creamy gravy with veggies and chicken below. Then we followed with a piece of pumpkin pie that was yum!The pie menu is one of the biggest I have seen in a long time with everything from razzleberry to coconut cream. Don't plan to eat here without finishing with a slice!We had a small problem that is not worth mentioning, but management took care of is immediately!!!  Great staff!
5	This place is really great!I brought my Grandpa back and he ordered the pot pie again. The picture turned out much better, so check out the golden flaky crust I bragged about before. :)I ordered a cup of the soup of the day, which was chicken tortilla, by the urging of the waitress. It was not as good as she claimed, but it was decent. Then I ordered the Salad mixed plate which comes with the following:1. A piece of quiche with bacon on top that was cheesy and delicious!!  The crust was so rich and buttery that I could have eaten it alone. 2. A scoop of their Waldorf chicken salad.  It had the right mixture of sweet from the raisins and apples and savory from the mayonnaise based dressing. 3. A summer balsamic garden salad that has the right ingredients of tangerines, candied pecans and crispy greens. And I have to mention the warm, sweet cornbread they serve that rivals many a cornbread from my hometown in Louisiana. Of course we could not come to Marie Calendars without getting pie, but we were so full by this point....So we ordered Togo of coconut cream pie, which is amazing, and a slice of pecan to remind me of home. Love his place!!!!
5	The food is great. I had the combo platter. The warm cornbread came out first it was sweet. The server was very attentive. Her name is Diamond I will ask for her again. The lemon pie is also on sale 7.99 for a whole one.
5	This place just does not disappoint me. I like to come here with my Grandpa, because he loves the potpie, and everything else I tried has been good. This time I decided to try the Mahi Mahi tacos.  These were really good. I did ask for the pico on the side, since I'm not a fan of raw onions. They spiced them perfectly and even though when I first looked at them, I thought the pieces of fish were on the small side, the turned put to be the right balance of fish to taco ratio.  Any bigger would have overpowered the taco. They served tortilla chips on the side that were great, and a good (but nothing to write home about) rice pilaf. I was too full get pie, but Grandpa got pumpkin with extra whipped cream. Grandpa and I will be back!
3	I give it 3 stars for the pies. The desserts were very good with a wide selection. The regular food menu has a quality only slightly better than Dennys or IHOP but the prices are MUCH higher. The cost isn't worth the quality.
3	This was my second visit to this restaurant for dinner. The first time I ordered an entree but added the Salad Bar for $4.99. I found I liked the Salad Bar better than the entree itself.When we (my mom and I) went tonight we got the salad bar, sodas and we each had a piece of pie. Just the salad bar itself was $12.99 per person. The piece of pie was close to $5 each.Yes the food is good, but in my opinion it is not worth the cost. Will I go back? Eh, Maybe. Mom liked it so if she asked to meet there again I would probably do it. On our first visit the waitress was great, the second time -- well, not so much. I did not leave her a tip. Honest opinion from your average Nevadan. Hope it is helpful. Thanks!
4	I have never been a huge fan of Marie Calendars except for their pies. My family decided to come here on a Wednesday night which wasn't that busy at all. I haven't been to a Marie Calendars to eat either since the one on Decatur closed. Well, I am very happy we decided to come tonight. The food was just so so but Denise our server was phenomenal. I've been to fancy places to eat and don't even get the service that we got tonight. Denise was so attentive and made sure that we were always taken care of throughout the night and she was very sweet as well. If I decided to come here again it will be because of Denise.
2	I usually don't like to review national chains but since this was my first time ever visiting a MCs, I decided to make an exception.This particular Marie Callendars is located in a pretty sketchy, old part of town surrounded by empty buildings and odd shops. I had no idea it was there. The restaurant needs a serious makeover. It just felt stale and almost dirty even though there was no noticeable dirt. I had my heart set on one of their famous pot pies but persuaded by our waitress to go for the meatloaf sliders, which I order with mashed potatoes. While we waited for a food, we were served complimentary "cornbread." I hate cornbread. As a fat kid, I was often told cornbread tastes like cake, but their's actually does! It was pretty good.. for cornbread. Our food came out pretty fast. The bun, grilled onion and cheddar, and mashed potatoes were yummy. The meatloaf was nothing to write about.. bland, but not terrible. We couldn't leave MC without a slice of pie. I ordered warm peach pie, and I'm happy to report that it tastes just like the kind you get in the freezer at Walmart.Would I return? If someone else was buying.
