3	A typical diner food with a desert feel. Okay, doesn't feel like the desert, but does the job. Not that expensive and has enough selection for what you might be looking for if you end up in this place. About $7-10 a plate.
2	Ahahahahaa... the last time I was here, my brother commented on how our busboy (a 70 year old man) looked like Frederick Douglass... I spit my drink out across the table, howling with laughter. Bad news for us, this said busboy 1) overhead us and 2) actually knew who Frederick Douglass was.  OH, if looks could kill....We never saw our drinks again after that.Get a cheap grilled cheese or a maybe a burger, and get the hell out.  Open 24 hours.
4	i had the prime rib special for 9.99  plus a sahara card  and it was good !  had a salad and big baked potato  to go with it !   not a bad deal in the least !  service was  fairly quick and good
4	Why is this place great? Because Frederick Douglas works here. Yes my friends, that Frederick Douglas.
4	We were starving after a long drive to Las Vegas. Our hotel room at the Sahara sucked but we were tired and worn out from a long drive so we decided to head on down to the Caravan Cafe. I wasn't expecting much. I ordered pancakes, hash brown, and bacon. Our waitress was friendly and attentive. She kept calling us "sugar", or "Honey". The pancakes were DELICIOUS! The best pancake I've had in a long long time. Not sure why...it just was. The hash browns were good too. The bacon sucked. I was pleasantly surprised by the Caravan Cafe.
5	Anyone that does not give this 4 or 5 stars is completely missing the point.  It is a DINER!  Get it?  Biscuits and gravy @ 4:30 am kinda diner.  Ugh.  The comments about Frederick Douglas... now those are right on.  "2 seats left for texas hold 'em across from the caravan cafe" (sweet music!)
4	I ate her several times in the past since i'm from here my friend had a comp for here so that was good and Jose which is my usual waiter if u sit in the back. I like the nacho dinner i think it was either the dinner or appetizer its big enough to be the main course. If you eat here alot it really adds up. I had a guy was seeing take me here too that was visting. Another plus for certain people is across from the lil poker room that marked off like Bally's
1	We ate here because we had free money on our players' cards and we didn't feel like driving anywhere.Pros:  The onion rings were fried well and not too oily or burnt.  The tuna melt was just ordinary.Cons:  The Monte Cristo was small, mushy and not put together well.  The potato salad was extremely runny and started to smell a little sour.  The chopped fruit that came in a cup with the Monte Cristo had frost on top of it and some of the pieces were frozen in the middle.
3	You'd think for a place with the worst buffet in the entire world (see my review) that their 24-hour diner wouldn't be much better. And you'd be pretty much wrong. It's probably on par with the cafes of any other 3-star hotel. The buffalo wings were suprisingly adequate; crispy and coated with Frank's Red Hot. The ham + cheese melt had the requisite elements of ham, cheese, and melt in good proportion. The fruit salad was a letdown but whatevs. Cheap and decent, and considering the wedding we had just attended ran 2 hours late and we were hungry enough to beat a dead horse and then eat it.Judging by the other reviews, I'm guessing quality of the food can vary depending on time of day and moon phase. I wouldn't go out of my way to eat here ever again but considering the only other choice in the immediate vicinity is the dreaded NASCAR Cafe, it'll probably remain my top choice in the Sahara.Of course, you could also just not be a lazy asshole and eat at Lotus of Siam around the corner.
3	The food was decent and hot.  I thought their drinks were overpriced, as well as some of there entrees, but it is Vegas.
4	I am a VIP Member here, but to the other hotels (MGMMirage & Harrahs Entertainment) I am chump change. I earn a lot of COMPS and free hotel rooms at the Sahara. Sahara is the last of the old Dynasty chains of the Rat Pack Hotels. Sahara has the best deals in town in some retrospect.The Caravan Cafe is a 24 hour Cafe in the Sahara Casino right across the Poker Room. I did not dine in, but I did take it to go since I was hungry at 3am and wanted to eat in my room. I thought of the Cafe as a Denny's maybe Denny's got their idea from the Caravan, but the food was superb.I ordered a Sahara Burger ($8.95) and a Turkey Club ($8.50 or $8.95) Instead of Fries, I had Cole Slaw and Potato Salad. Don't forget that they do charge for Order Out. I think its $1.50. However, if you have a Club Sahara Card, I think they waive the charge. I think my total was $20.48, but since I used my Club Sahara Card, they waived the $1.50 and it was around $18 to $19 that they took off my comps. All I remember was the cashier saying that she would take something about $2 less than what I saw on the receipt.The Sahara Burger was meaty and delicious especially with the Cole Slaw. My friend had the Turkey Club and it was just as good. Although I think my friend wanted the Cole Slaw, so we exchanged the Potato Salad..lol..Peter was my waiter and he served me very well while I waited for my togo order. Since my food was free, I gave him a $5 tip for watching over me (Giving me something to drink, making sure I'm ok) He even gave me some extra stuff that would've normally been charged.In the end, its just a diner/cafe. I just needed something to eat without traveling outside of the hotel. Nothing really special and really soothing to eat in without the crowds. It may be the oldest hotel on the strip, but it still has a lot values for visitors.Have Fun here and Keep Yelping!!
2	I was told that the Buffet in the Sahara really sucks and we just wanted breakfast that was reasonable and good. I already had a club Sahara card and recommend anyone to get it because they nock about 1.00 off each item on the menu.I eat at the Caravan Cafe twice. The first time I ordered the Eggs/Hasbrowns/Wheat Toast/Bacon. I order eggs scrambled hard and they came out burnt and the Bacon was so hard it was crappy. The only thing that was good was the Toast. My friends didn't complain but they were hungover and just needed food. I thought that it was a blah version of Denny's.The next day I ordered the Cinnamon Apple French Toast and Chocolate Milk. The milk was a large portion and so was the French Toast however it was very sweet and such a large portion I was stuffed but was not totally impressed.I will say that the prices are reasonable for vegas but the quality could be better. Maybe I just don't know what to order.Would suggest because of being 24/7 but think of a B rated Denny's
3	I didn't expect much from a cafe in Sahara, but the food is actually OK. I had their veggie omelette and the salmon terriyaki dinner. I expected the salmon to be dry, but it wasn't bad.  Their salad croutons are good.
2	What are you doing Sahara?! Now the Caravan Cafe is open from 7am to 11pm only? I used to go at 3am on a Tuesday morning and now you have limited hours?! I am surprised, but now I am quite concerned about the future of Sahara. After a failed attempt at going to The Orleans for a very cheap great quality buffet, the next choice was the Caravan Cafe where my meals are free. The previous night, I was shocked to know about the relocation and reorganization of the Caravan Cafe and very disappointed. Paco's Bar & Grill was the previous location before Caravan moved in. Well, lets get straight to the food and move away from the negatives. I am not sure about the prices since I have a lot of comps and didn't worry about the prices. I did order the Corn Beef Hash & Eggs (Sunny Side-Up) with Wheat bread for $8.25 I believe with the Sahara Club Card and I think it was $9.75 without. The Corn Beef Hash was below average to average. I swear they were conserving too much cause I ate it fast before I finished it. The eggs were OK, nothing spectacular. The setting was too small. The other customers were literally just an arms length apart. I didn't feel comfortable in there now. So much has changed in here and I am not sure I am going to like what Sahara will do. Hopefully, they can move it back and make it 24 hours all week. Hope You Have Fun here and Keep Yelping!!
2	I just stayed at the Sahara this weekend. The hotel is grotty and needs an update, so much so that we were surprised to see that the health board had given the Caravan an "A" rating. The line to get in was disorganized and confusing, the service was poor (we had to give our orders multiple times) and the breakfast was mediocre. It took almost 30 minutes to get our check, give them the payment and get the credit card receipt back at the end of the meal. It's no wonder that the line is so long when the place is so inefficient.
1	Ugh.  This place was abysmal.  To say the interior is dated is being too kind.  It was actually to the point of being kind of divey (and not in a good way--I like a good dive bar or a tacky truck stop as much as the next girl--but this was just plain dingy).  I ordered the open faced turkey sandwich.  The turkey was cheap prepackage deli variety--blech.  The bread was slightly toasted wonder bread (seriously?).  It was bland, soggy, and nearly inedible.  It came served with garlic mashed potatoes which, I'll admit, were pretty good (but by no means redemptive).  My dining companion ordered the French dip, which was also prepackaged processed lunch meat type of roast beef.  He reported that the fries his sammy came with were 'pretty good.'  So, I guess they're semi-competent in their potato preparation. To top off the grimy atmosphere and foul food was the weird service.  It was wacky at best (drug induced at worst?).  Our waitress was a complete space cadet--forgetting things from one moment to the next, running around like a chicken with its head cut off--and we were the only ones in the joint (what she was so crazed about, I have no idea). Overall?  Ugh + blech=I will never dine here again.  My best advice to you:  avoid this place at all costs.
5	Friendly staff and the prices are very good. I had the sahara burger with onion rings, no complaints here.
5	aalways a classic. Hopefully they will reopen the casino and the care.
