4	Great place to pick up fresh fruit and vegetables on a Saturday morning.  Although the prices are a little higher than the huge farmers markets in Asheville or Raleigh, this one allows people to purchase food in smaller quantities.  It is also a good deal for the farmer, since (s)he can earn a little more money for their fruit and produce.  (Of course, the selection is much better during the summer since that is when most of the farmers in the area harvest their crops...)
5	I've been going here with my mamma on saturdays since i can remember.  I love it here!!   You can get amazing bouquets of flowers for practically nothing and there is such a wide selection.  Nova's has a booth so you can stock up on fresh goodies.  The woman who sells pork has the tastiest chops and sausage ever, and the goat cheese woman is also spectacular.  I love the stand owned by a Chinese family that has everything typical, plus tons of fruits and veggies I can't even identify.  Don't forget to have some home made peach ice cream while you stroll the market.
4	Fresh, cheaper than any Charlotte grocery story, everything you're looking for, grown locally, and supporting your local farmers and economy -- you cannot go wrong with shopping the Charlotte Regional Farmers Market.  This is the big one out by the airport.  One building has the produce, another building houses crafts, and the lower open shed is the "Greenery Shed."  There are several farmers to choose from, though Red Kapps seems to be the biggest and always have the longest lines -- probably because they have all your staples as well as items you've never heard of or can't pronounce.  I recommend doing a walk-through first to see who has the most of what you like or need.  As well as fresh, locally grown produce you can also pick up beautiful fresh flowers for a fraction of grocery or florist prices, and Nova's bakery is down in the back corner. Tips:- Take cash.  Most of the farmers do accept credit cards, but with at least a $10.00 minimum requirement.  The prices are so good that I once had to go back for more fruits and veggies to get to $10.00, so I just take cash now. - Good parking.- If visiting on Saturday, try to go earlier in the morning as this place gets really packed around mid-day.  You can select your goodies while the rest of Charlotte is still wiping sleepy from their eyes. - Some of the farmers will let you taste a sample before you purchase, but ask first. - Your food budget will thank you for buying your fruits and veggies at the farmers market, trust me!- Stop by the Greenery Shed for a plant or two on your way out -- prices are slightly better than Home Depot or Lowe's.  The sellers are happy to answer questions on how to care for the plants you choose.
5	It's cheap...it's local...it's fresh! I love farmers' markets in general, but the Charlotte Farmer's Market is really special. I've been every time with a die-hard gardener, so we spend much of our visits rifling through the green house. There's enough to do just in the green house, but don't stop there.Even though I find myself getting up early and driving way, way, way across town to get there, this place is worth it. If you partake in flesh...bwahahaha! (That's my Halloween laugh)...the butcher is fantastically nasty-looking to my vegetarian eyes, which probably means good things for you. There are tons of cheeses and pastries as well, which breaks up the monotony of shopping for just ears of corn and peppers and such. I always come home with bags and bags, and I never have buyer's remorse. Get up early! Go see for yourself!
2	Spoiler alert! Having lived in other parts of North Carolina, both the Triangle and the Triad, I have to ding Charlotte's Regional Farmers Market. Yes, it has wonderful, locally-grown seasonal produce offered at rock-bottom prices, but it could be so much more.Take, for example, the Triad Regional Farmers Market, located between Winston-Salem and Greensboro. Not only does it boast much more open-air shelter space, but its "campus" includes an awesome locally-owned and operated garden center, A.B. Seed & Company, a year-round enclosed retail grocery/market open weekdays and weekends, a family-style restaurant, and a wholesale grocery storage facility. I have spent hours there. How's this for a Saturday outing? Browse thru the enclosed grocery for local honey and dried nuts and fruit, hop over to the cafe, nosh on some home cookin', browse around the garden center, and finish it all with a gander through the open-air veggie and farm stands. Now THAT is a destination Farmers Market!Given that Charlotte has such a wealth of local growers, sophisticated, diverse consumers, and locovores who love nothing better than to hang out with fellow foodies, I wish our Regional Market would capitalize on its potential to become a destination/gathering place for local food and plant lovers.
3	I've been going here during the week, and in bad weather it is hard to tell it is even open.  There are some things I really love here and some that I don't.  The flowers are a steal and beautifully arranged, though they do not last very long - maybe two or three days.  There are some really good deals on produce, and I have gotten some great tomatoes and peaches in season.  However, about half of the stuff is not local.  I had a hard time finding a local apple, and a lot of the produce has sku stickers on it telling you that it's from california or washington or whatever.  Still, there are some local farmers interspersed in there and they make it worth it.  I still will visit regularly.
5	Go early (8 am) on Saturday to get the best meats and hebs. It would be great if they had a better selection of cheeses, as VERY expensive goat cheese is all they have. Veggies are good and the flowers are always gorgeous and a great deal at a tenner a bunch. This is nothing like the Borough Market in London, but options are a bit more limited here, and this market does a very good job representing the local interests.
5	There's no other place I buy produce, the vendors are so nice, the prices are unbelievable and its also fun shopping here.  The flowers are so gorgeous in the spring-time and so inexpensive.  You can always find exotic fruits/vegetables over at the Asian lady's stand.  She is super sweet and very helpful.  Its open year round, but closed on Monday's.
2	I'm with Freda on this, our unpredictable, somewhat tiny farmer's market. There are two or three veg stands that are consistently here and consistently cheap, but they ain't selling local produce. Organic farms come here but rarely more than a few weeks in a row. Cheese being sold is scandalously overpriced. Half the stuff in the Craft Barn isn't handmade. "Open all week" is a joke, outside of the harvest months. I wish they'd decide whether they're going for "not really a farmer's market, but well stocked and large variety year round" like the Decatur, GA Market or "farmer's market magnet, get to know your local farms" like the Raleigh Market, because this lazy hovering in the middle is confusing to everyone. Obviously, confusion makes me cranky.
4	This is an all week market but the real show is on Saturday mornings.  Any other time is setup with resellers that might truck in from far away or even worse grab their goods from the HT distro plant.However, on a Saturday.. meet the local farmers and artisan producers.  During the summer any given Saturday might have upwards of 4000 cars in traffic.  It's an amazing spread of vegetables, meats, goat cheese, breads, and chocolates & more.During the warmer months the greenery shed is open and many types of plants can be bought and many transplants for gardens.The weekend also opens the craft barn which showcases local crafters which really need more attention than they get.You can recognize many local farms by Slow Food Charlotte giving them banners that say NC Farmer or SC Farmer, or just ask them.  If you feel your question is being dodged, you've learned something.  Otherwise many farmers are very engaging and if you want things you can't seem to be on time for you can just about always order ahead.This farmers market has been open for at least 20 years and while it's not the best layout, not the most pedestrian friendly, and the way management sometimes seems to treat the vendors--it is still the best location to find our regions farmers on a Saturday.  Second to this is probably Matthews Farmers Market (another well established, and local only market).Notes: * Meat vendors will take credit cards, most veggie vendors do not.  There is no close ATM so come prepared.* Market opens at 8a but people start shopping before hand. Local eggs are generally first to go but more farmers have been entering the fray and that is becoming less a problem.* Seasonality makes a big difference, winter is slow but if our conditions have been right you can still grab quite a diversity of winter veggies.  Spring and summer is very bountiful for our area.Disclaimer: my family sells chocolates here on Saturday's.
4	Well, it's time to firmly grab hold and pull the foot from my big, lazy, judgmental mouth. If you get here late, you're going to be singing the same tune I whined all last year. At 8am, a ridiculously early hour for me on a Saturday morning, the drive and fight to park will be well worth it - you might catch Mushroom Dude before he sells out, or get to buy insane asparagus from a farm 30 miles away for cheaper than you've ever seen. Heads of lettuce, for 2 bucks, almost too beautiful to eat. Hungry? Grab a brekkie 'rito from the Harvest Moon Grille truck and drown it in top notch homemade sauce, for 6 bucks. Or just stroll and sample cheese biscuits, spreads and salsas of all kinds, goat cheese, you know. Greens shed blew up this year - rare herbs, strange ornamentals, growers are getting specific with what they're growing, and that's rad. If you're worried about your Tarragon fairing poorly while you shop, most will let you pay and leave your babies, no problem. Yeah, the resellers I mentioned before are here and pushing tomatoes, onions, cukes, waxed and transported 2ooo miles from their places of origin, but there's also fresh curry leaves, chinese chives, other awesome things that can be rough to source in our fair city. They serve their purpose. And they're here every day, year round, and cheaper than any brick and mortar in town.After stalking it for 3 weeks, I finally bought a handmade cutting board off of Robert Waddel. It's the nicest one I've ever owned, and I baby it (as per his advice). It'll last me longer than any BB&B board, for sure, and it's frickin' gorgeous. Cheese spreads look amazing on it. And it was 70 bucks.People are talkative, excited, happy. You're going to see people you know. You'll see every kind of reusable bag ever invented, overhear conversations about DIY solar paneling, this year's garden, a sick recipe.Sorry I'm a lazy jerk, CRFM. If I spend a ton of money here every Saturday 'till winter, will you forgive me?
4	The Charlotte Regional Farmers Market got me at nectarines! I've been looking for them everywhere and thankfully there were baskets filled with them here and for a fantastic price. It's a huge market filled with beautiful, colorful bouquets for $10, lots of produce, canned jellies, and crafts. It's the time of the year where everywhere you look are peaches! Tons of peaches, blueberries, and blackberries...yummy!Some vendors take credit cards, but to make it easier on yourself and them, bring cash. There's plenty of parking. We got there after 12pm on Saturday and some places were starting to take down their stuff, do as Julia S. said and get there early if you want to see it all. We didn't see the "Mushroom Dude" or any cheese boards...we'll have to go back and earlier.The produce is fresh and delicious. I will be back and looking to get my nectarine fill.
5	I would say that in general I am a lover of fresh fruits & vegetables. I made a conscious decision to start honoring my body so I cut out high fat foods like fries, hamburgers,  hot dogs & ribs. *Ouch* and began to eat more whole grains, vegetables, fruits, chicken turkey and fish. Fresh vegetables & fruit is a must and a treat, especially when you can have a conversation with the person responsible for it's growth. I can't call any of the vendors by name and they may not recognize me as a regular but my Foursquare checkins would confirm that I'm there more than the average visitor. I also love plants CACTUS and SUCCULENTS yes! *Controlled Emotional Response* So naturally the greenery Shed is a +Plus one. The addition of the Craft Barn confuses me though ... but hey if that's your thing, knock yourself out. I'm too scared to even walk in the building.Support a local farmer, home grown *wait ... that doesn't sound right*
4	There is something very human about buying products direct from the grower and producer. It's not just a transaction, it's almost like an experience; philosophical, empathetic and real. That experience for me is humbling and reinforces why we need to support the mom and pop and the locavore movement. To avoid crowds and waking up early when not required, I usually shop on weekdays. Weekday vendors have almost all the quintessential vegetables. They are always fresh and look better than some grocery stores. While weekday vendors usually carry the norm, if you're looking to grab something special like certified Angus free range organic beef, you might be able to catch that vendor on Saturdays. I hate to admit this, because I like to support all of the hard working self sufficient farmers; but if you do a little shopping, you might be able to grab a few items at a lower price than the next stand. If you're nice enough, you might even be able to haggle down some prices. And if you're really looking for a bargain, you can even catch a few day old veggies at a discount. Pay attention to the boxes and you can distinguish the real local products from mass produced stuff. Whether you're shopping for cheap produce, homemade grits, local jams, jellies or even a $5, $10 bouquet of flowers; the Farmers Market has a broad enough selection to choose from that it can almost be a one stop shop.
4	This farmer's market is great.  It consists of 4 large pavilions with everything from vegetables, fruits, bakery fresh bread, canned goods, meats, cheeses, dips, pies, crafts, plants and more.  I recommend walking through the entire place to get an idea of what's available for beginning purchasing.  Oftentimes you encounter farmer's markets that are overpriced.  This market is the exception - you can find some great, fresh values in the raw stands.  It gets a little more pricey when you hit the prepared foods.  I see this market more as a place where people go to get shopping done (versus a stroll around, look at art and listen to some local musicians while casually buying vegetables place) so you lose some of the ambience.  Also, no pets are allowed in the pavilions.  Check it out!
4	SUPPORT OUR LOCAL FARMERS!!!  Open year round.  Going is an experience!  Check out all the fresh fruits, vegetables, homemade cakes & pies, bakery fresh bread, jams, meats, dips, crafts, plants and more!!!  One of my favorite must have purchases are the fresh bouquets of flowers...ONLY $10!  They are amazing (and make very thoughtful gifts)!!  Keep in mind that the flower people, as well as some of the other vendors, are only there towards the end of the week.  And on weekends get there early because it gets crowded.  Enjoy happy healthy eating!!!
4	Well, let's see...what hasn't been said? I may reiterate a bit in fragments..but here it goes!The selection: Massive. huge. local. awesome. flowers. herbs. produce. crafts. goodies. jams. this is my jam. The prices: Affordable. buy local. bring cash. some vendors take cards. The Saturdays: Crowded. fun. local love all around. nice farmers. The extras: Get kettle corn. buy a pretty bouquet. bring your reusable tote.  Overall, I prefer Atherton Market for intimacy, year round availability and location, but this regional farmer's market is most definitely worth a trip when in season!
3	While we can only aspire to have anything like the state market in Raleigh, the Charlotte Regional market is pretty sweet, at least compared to most of the others around the QC.You definitely want to check it out on a Saturday - early on a Saturday if possible - because that's when the most vendors are there, and you get the true vibe of the place.  Sure, you can drive by on a Tuesday afternoon to see how large the spread is, but what's the fun in that?While more and more vendors are taking cards these days, you'll want cash for the best deals.  If you want to be daring, wait until noon (ish) and see what sort of deals there are, namely from some of your fringe vendors who don't want to pack things up and just want to unload their product cheaply.  You can get some great deals.  Of course, they might be empty by then too, so it is a dangerous game to play!
5	This is a great place to just roam around and look at all the neat veggies, fruits, flowers, etc. I usually stop at the ice cream man first!!! The prices are great and they even have REAL BUTTER!
4	Great place to bring the family on a Saturday morning!  Fresh veggies are abundant here, and at a substantially lower price than the local supermarkets.  Mix that with fresh baked items, local organic growers, and a neat arts and crafts barn, and you'll have a better idea of what to expect.  In the spring, the plant shed is open as well so you can get your own garden roaring!  Open year round, each season holds its own special something at this market, from the springtime seedlings, to the autumn pumpkins!  My favorites here are the local organic growers, both meat and veggies!  Supporting the local farmers is what this place was designed for!Noosh!
3	Any review of our CRFM is really a tale of two different markets when it comes to talking produce.  One for the commercial sellers shipping it all in, and another for the local producers whose offerings vary with the seasons and the blessings of the weather.  And if you're looking for plants to put into your garden, well that's a separate experience too.  Not that this is a bad thing, but wouldn't it be more interesting if these guys were not divided into different covered shelters?Really, prime time is Saturday.  Unless massive crowds and depletion (if not exhaustion) of the most prized wares are your thing, I'd plan to get there before 10 AM- this is especially true in the summer.  Parking is ample, but do come prepared to do a little walking as shelters are a bit separated.  Also know that the largest vendors are typically shipping in their produce.  No, Virginia, you cannot buy a local watermelon or cantaloupe in the middle of March- they likely came up from Florida.  You can, though, get them at prices your local supermarket cannot touch.  I save at least $20 a week by buying my veggies and fruits here.  If in doubt, just ask: local vendors will happily tell you where they grow and what they having coming into season next.  But there is much more here than just produce and locally raised meats.  Nova's bakery has a booth here, along with about a dozen other local bakers.  I also love the local goat cheese makers.  If fresh cut flowers are you thing, there's a sizable number of folks assembling bouquets at a number of different price points.  In spring and summer, the greenery shed is a must stop if you grow anything of your own.  Forget about the Home Depots and Lowes, you can buy huge varieties of heirloom veggies and herbs to fill your garden at prices lower than any commercial store front will offer.  The same goes for shrubs, flowering plants, and even a guy putting together green moss displays.  This shed thins out in later summer and is vacant in the winter, so get it while you can.I only wish our market was more conducive to sitting for a while and soaking it all in (or chowing down on your fried apple pie).  There is virtually no seating here and absolutely no table tops on which to enjoy the wares being sold.  This pretty much forces you to get in and get out.  Still, for local and seasonal fresh food, there is no bigger one stop shop in town.  Bring an insulated bag at at least one tote as you'll likely find something new and interesting to take home and try.
5	An amazing Farmer's Market that has way better selection of goods for a lot cheaper than any local store! Going to the Farmer's Market has become a Saturday morning tradition for me! Great, friendly vendors, and it's open year-round! Fabulous!
4	I wish there was a better distinction between the vendors who are selling straight from their farm and those that ship produce in. I'd love it if they sectioned it off and had better signage. It can be slightly overwhelming going from one stall to the next among the crowd. It is busy!Some take cards, mainly cash...and a few checks. Bring your own bag!
5	I gotta give this market 5 stars because you really can't beat the prices. Yes, some vendors do truck in their produce from their farms but obviously the mangoes are not grown here, but most of the produce is. There is quite a bit of home-grown meat, too. Pork, chicken, beef, ostrich...everything. There is even a guy who brings in fresh pasta now and you cant go wrong with the goat cheese guy. Some places take credit cards so just bring some cash to be safe. Spring is the time to go. Asparagus, pea shoots and bread...oh my!
4	I've lived in Charlotte 10 years, and I've never once been to this farmers market, which is ridiculous, as it's only 10 minutes from me and it's the busiest and most well-known.  I guess I'm lucky enough to be near Atherton market, Kings Drive, and Mecklenburg County markets within a 1-mile radius of my house.Still, this is the biggest, so I checked it out on a Saturday morning.  Even at 8:30, the parking lot was packed.  There were 4 big open barns, one with crafts, one with plants/herbs, and two with veggies/fruits/meats.  There were some negative reviews on google maps that the food was overpriced and wasn't local, but while I found that to be true with a couple of big stalls (with a ton of produce--a local farm probably won't produce all that!) who didn't advertise where they came from, there were plenty of stalls with local farms selling small bits of meats/cheese/dairy/produce.  So it's not like you can't pick and choose.I got a croissant from the Nova's Bakery stall and wandered around.  I was there about an hour, and for about $15, got ground beef ($5), some lettuce and napa cabbage ($4), tomatoes, zucchini, squash and absolutely gorgeous strawberries.  I don't think famers markets are super cheap anywhere, but the produce looked terrific (and I ate the tomato and napa cabbage for breakfast and it was delicious) and I thought was reasonably priced.  You can get all your meat locally (and yes, it's more expensive...but thus is life) without having to buy it from grocery stores if you're that motivated.  Happy to support my local farmers when I can, and often they have more unusual crops than the grocery story might!  Will definitely be back.  I'm lucky to now know i'm so close to 4 farmers markets!
3	Ahh, tucked away deep down in a business park area (near the old Charlotte Coliseum, aka "The Hive"; :( tear!)  sits the Charlotte Regional Farmers Market. While it sits on a rather large piece of real estate, my boyfriend & I weren't completely blown away by the offerings.  For a hot Memorial-Day-weekend-Saturday, by 2 PM, there wasn't much activity happening, even though they're open until 6 PM. I have to agree with Will, the whole separate shelter deal is rather odd. There seemed to be more customers than vendors.We were happy with what we did pick up, which was some ears of corn (already shucked & de-silked), strawberries, & peaches - all from different vendors.  We ate some today (Sunday) & everything was perfect - no imperfections whatsoever - as in no bruising, etc. with the peaches & strawberries.Other notes: plenty of parking, a greenery shed with trees & plants, a "craft barn", & a few carnival/festival type vendors for a quick bite. They do have restrooms on site, but unfortunately, they had a very strong odor when you walk by them, so just be mindful of that. ;)I appreciate having this market here, especially when the prices are much cheaper than what you can find at the grocery store.
4	I got there at 9:30 on Saturday and it was quite packed already. It seems like the first barn thing has the best produce because it all seems to be the most local. I picked up some awesome rainbow carrots from "Way of Life Farm" out of Asheville. From there I just browsed to eyeball what I could get on my next trip. There were ample amounts of salad greens which is right up my ally. I tried to find the ostrich meat but could not find it, WHERE IS IT!? There wasnt anything in the other two barns that caught my eye. The one seemed to have more brought in produce and the craft barn did not have anything that interested me other than some homemade soaps.
4	Visited the farmers market on a Sunday afternoon.  Although it was not full of vendors, there were enough there for us to have a great selection of fruits and vegetables.  I stumbled upon something new, Bitter Melon (see photo).  We have not stir-fried it yet, but we are willing to give it a try!  I am told it is a developed taste and most people do not like it.  The sign said the Farmers Market was closed but ole' faithful Yelp, said it was OPEN and it was!  TIP:  Make sure you bring cash as some vendors do not process debit/credit cards.
5	One of our Fav-O-Rite places to go on a Saturday morning. Though it is open all year long, the vendors which sell plants are best for us in the spring sometime in the beginning of April. The produce is out of this world and the prices is usually 2/3 to 1/2 of that you find in the supermarket. Larger selection to. One can also buy fresh farm raised beef and chickens freshly cut and brought to you straight from the farm. To much to place here as I would be typing for days. Gotta go try it out. Make sure you have plenty of rest and got on your walking shoes.
5	I think this place already has enough reviews to give you a very solid idea of what to expect when you visit the CRFM. I am surprised they don't have five stars but I it's possibly because they're not hipster enough, like Atherton Mills or NoDa.Some of my favorites are the massive flower stand which makes the entire place smell awesomely! This weekend they had two vineyards doing tastings (where are you regional breweries?) and every other stand seemed to be baked goods of some sort.Expect seasonal products depending on when you go. During this trip the most we saw of were:local honeybittermeloncornpumpkinsandsquashI always look forward to all the samples! Go hungry, you'll be full (and carrying more bags of stuff you just bought) by the end of it.
4	My first few times at the maret it was an amzing experience. It was like an event in itself. So much to look at and take in.  They have a great variety and prices.  However, during the summer months, it gets so busy its almost too much of a hassel to go. I'm so glad it's fall again so I can enjoy my time there again.
2	It is one thing to truck or ship in produce and product from other areas and regions, but it is another to purchase food in bulk from Restaurant Depot and sell it at  this "Farmer's Market" (as witnessed by legit local business owners as of late). Be VERY weary of the vendors that seem to have a whole lot of variety and stock year round. Become educated on what is in season and ASK QUESTIONS. Where are they from, what all do they grow on their farm, do they own multiple farms, etc.  Otherwise, all we're doing is supporting another big box wholesaler that has no invested interest in the local economy or community.
5	This is my "supermarket" for all things fresh, while Atherton Mill is more for my splurges. Great prices, friendly vendors, open year round. I go during the week on my lunch break, and stock up. I most of my Thanksgiving shopping here, and only spent about $50 for a big box worth of produce.
3	Came here after just moving to Charlotte to find the best deals in Charlotte for food.  Got here on a Saturday afternoon around 3 and found it to be pretty empty.  Prices were reasonable and a really nice vendor by the name of Bo was so friendly and welcomed us to Charlotte and told us about what to expect there and offered us his contact information if ever we needed to buy things in bulk or have things delivered.  SO NICE!  Can't wait to come back in the spring/summer when the market is more alive to see truly what it has to offer.
4	I love the hustle and bustle of this place on an early Saturday morning... But then again, I'm the type of dork that will roll out of bed suuuuuper early on said Saturday morning to get a good deal on some cabbage... lol Totally worth it, though...  There's usually a lot of vendors offering samples and all the delicious smells are enough to put a song in your heart to start the day... If you prefer to go later or on another day, there are a decent amount of vendors, but Saturday mornings clearly are the best... My suggestion is to bring multiple reusable bags and if you're going hard, I've seen people bring those little rolling carts to avoid multiple trips to the car...
5	GREAT on Saturday mornings! The Farmer's Market is open Tues-Sat. Tues-Fri from 8-5 and Saturday from 8-6. HOWEVER, on weekdays there are only a few produce stands and no fresh meat, cheese, craft or pasta stands. Saturdays you need to get there early before everything is sold out. A sampling of the usual stands on Saturday mornings: Ostrich farm meat, several local organic ranch/farm meats, goat cheese, fresh pasta, Nova Bakery, Dukes Bakery, Secret Chocolatiere and all of the usual produce stands. You can save A LOT of money by skipping the grocery stores and supporting the Farmer's Market. You can get avocadoes for $.89, whole bunches of herbs for $1.00, fresh eggs for $2 and all kind of meat deals. The bread, pasta and cheese are reasonable, too, but a bit pricier than regular grocery stores. Worth the expense, though.
4	I love that farmers market season is back! Being the daughter of a farmer and growing up the Midwest, there is nothing more gratifying for me than supporting local farmers and growers. The selection is vast, to say the least, and if you're a newbie, it can be overwhelming... From spinach, to soaps, to berries and succulents. I find the vendors to be very kind and the prices really reasonable. Get there early for the best selections. Many of the vendors accept credit cards but it's always a good idea to bring cash.
4	So the Charlotte Regional Farmers Market was on my Charlotte bucket list.  I went, I saw, I spent 30 minutes and 20 bucks.Located off of S Tryon, on a road I was pretty sure was going to dead end into a meth lab or some slow looking kid playing banjo music (I kid... it's a 2 lane residential-type street), the lying cow on my GPS said there were going to be signs to point me in the correct direction, but I missed them apparently.  Luckily there is a HUGE sign that alerts you that you have arrived at your destination.  At 8:30 am, parking was already getting a little scarce, but I think the ebb and flow of folks allows you to pretty much get a parking spot regardless of when you come.  As the other reviews have stated, there is a little bit of everything.  Meats (some exotic - I saw ostrich meat on a sign), flowers, farm fresh eggs, every kind of seasonal produce you can imagine, jams/jellies, honey, pastries, breads, cookies, kettle corn, COTTON CANDY, on and on.  In the third barn were the arts and crafts folks.  It was neat to see the aprons, quilts, coasters, plastic bag holders and the like. There were soaps, etched garden stones, woodcraft, hand-painted stationary - lovely items from some very talented people.The greenery barn held every kind of plant imaginable.  I walked quickly through there as I pretty much kill everything that requires nutrients unless it makes some kind of noise to remind me to feed/water it.  Luckily, my cat is loud.  My only purchases ended up being a bouquet of fresh flowers for my mom (beautiful, assorted blooms and only $10) and some biscuits, no sugar added fried pies and a piece of lemon poundcake from A Lit'l Taste of Heaven from Monroe, NC. These are the same biscuits that The Meat House on Rea Rd sells and they are amazing - I got the cheese biscuits and the sweet potato biscuits and they are YUM.  I was disappointed to see that some of the produce appeared to just be re-selling of grocery store wholesale produce.  I saw some plums and apples that actually had UPC type stickers on them - huh?  Look for local, real farms to buy your items from.  If it's real local produce, they'll have a sign up.  It was an interesting adventure and if you are thinking about trying it out, it's worth the trip.
5	A  bit of a drive for me to get here but I have been dying to get a  farmers market since I have restarted my healthy eating plan!I arrived about 9:45ish and there was a pretty good crowd out there. I was planning on getting there early but wasn't sure how packed or how big the place was but we secured a parking spot pretty close to one of the "barns". We did a lap around the first 3 barns but didn't venture into the crafts one or the I'm assuming plant/flower one (I'm a farmers market newbie so bear with me) . After deciding on some veggies, canned pickles, honey and pig skins I was all set to go and only spent about 15 dollars! But on a more serious note I would go out here just for the pig skins, I mean really salt and vinegar pig skins I was in heaven. I am still snacking on them and it has been a week and half since I went to the market. Overall all of the vendors were super nice and knowledgeable about their products , gave out generous samples and most only took cash or check. Except the pig skins .. they took debit WIN WIN WIN! I would probably bring more cash with me the next time just in case I wanted to get some extra veggies!I would probably go a little earlier (not sure what time it opens) or around 9:30 to secure parking and to get out of the heat!
4	(Weekdays have much less vendors) Lots of foods to choose from. Its clean and worth the stop
5	Wonderful produce, wonderful people, beautiful flowers and plants!
4	NC agriculture! Gotta love! I love the farmers market. Sometimes you can find really good deals here. Especially on Sundays because a lot of stuff gets marked down. Even times where I may spend a little more, the produce lasts so much longer in my fridge than produce I buy at the grocery store. To me that makes the farmers market worth it. I recommend if you want to buy local meat to get there on Saturdays, and you may even need to be put on a list depending on what you are looking for. Also don't forget Sunday is usually a big markdown day on produce. I also recommend going later or first thing in the morning. In the summer months the Farmers Market is open every day. I also look at everything first and asses the pricing and decide what I want, then I can get the best deals. Hope you enjoy the Farmers Market!
5	This is easily the best farmer's market in the Charlotte region. They have 4 warehouse-sized lanes brimming with vendors selling anything imaginable. From fruits and veggies to loads of loaves [of bread], local ethically raised meats and eggs from any bird imaginable. You can also find all kinds of plants - grow your own edibles or just decorate the yard and house with flowers, succulents and trees. There's even a bonsai vendor. The last warehouse available is known as the "Craft Barn" where you can find local crafts from woodworkers, jewelry makers and the like. Prices, at least on the produce, are unbeatable. By any grocery store anywhere else in town. And honestly I love to drag myself in here early on a Saturday morning for nothing more than to feel that atmosphere of being surrounded by like-minded folks.
4	I can't believe it's taken me so long to get here!  Although I haven't seen this place packed,  my mid week visit still boasted a pretty packed barn! There were lots of customers walking around checking out the goods. They definitely had a great variety of items to chose from; with lots of yummy fruits and veggies that caught my eye. I really liked that there was no pressure to buy anything while we were shopping. We leisurely walked through and picked out what we wanted and paid. No stress, nagging, drama. Just a good time. I have to make sure to get here on a Saturday so I can see this place really rocking but for now I'm a fan, I left with some really good stuff and look forward to coming back!
5	Every time I am in Charlotte I end up going to the farmers market. The best thing is the house is close by and wow the selection. The produce is fresh and tastes amazing, the bakeries have some really good breads and pastries. If you would like some really fresh, local meat you have gotta check out this farmers market. We picked up a rib eye that was a little above average price, but the marbling was perfect. The best thing was they had in bone as well as without. Head over to the crafts section, there are some great vendors selling different soaps, natural bug repellants, etc. If you have a moment head over to the farmers market. Be sure to bring cash, some vendors are starting to accept credit cards but not all vendors.
5	I love this place. I go every Saturday. The best freshest veggies I have ever had. I now eat vegetables with all of my meals and have lost a few pounds. There is a smaller area where there is a man selling bread that is delicious and a lady that has great wine. She was very generous with samples and we ended up buying a bottle or two. Corn, zucchini, spinach all fresh. See you Saturday
5	This is really the only real farmers market option in the metro Charlotte area. And something about walking around this place just bring a smile to my face. There are times I literally walk around for 15-30 minutes just to walk around and looking at the different vendors. But I tend to walk away with some items, such as the 1 giant cookie (Great Harvest) and a small plant for my office ($3 Christmas Cactus with a succulent volunteer) I got this Saturday.As you can expect, Saturday is THE day of the week to go, but they are open during the week as well, which is great for when you do need to grab some last minute cheap vegetables. I normally go early afternoon on Saturdays, and there are typically still plenty of vendors around.A few notable stands: 1. The floral stand offers GREAT bundle of exotic looking flowers for $10.2. One produce stand offers $1 plastic bag of random veggies, which is normally just the right amount I need for myself. There's one stand that has $1.50 per stalk of leek.3.1 fresh local seafood stand & 1 or 2 local farms with poultry and meatI consider this my happy place, and it is a great place to get affordable fresh produce.
5	What is not to like about this place. Everything is fresh! And they even have a bathroom you can use. Not everyone can take credit/debit cards so make sure you bring cash.
3	I really enjoyed my first visit here over the weekend.  There are several vendors and selections from a slew of farms from around the area.  Personally I liked the fact I could get fresh chickens (whole) and other farm grown local beef, etc.  The produce is abundant as well but you have to really watch where they are coming from.  I noticed a few farms with produce from Florida, etc.  I understand there are certain products that are in season in different regions but it was a little concerning.The only con I could see as I browsed the vendors was that this didn't remind me of my old school farmers market I am used to.  You know the kind where they literally back the truck up and you pick it right from the farmer, not sales people and people that literally look like they've never had a muddy boot.Either way this is a solid choice to attend if you are looking for something more fresh than the local grocery store.
5	*Review is only for the Saturday market although they're open most days out of the week. Everyday except Monday during the peak season.*Short version: Come early, find a park, bring cash, don't bring a pet, wear good shoes! Poetic version: If there is one place you can really feel the vibe of Charlotte and enjoy the diversity that makes up the Queen City, it is the Charlotte Regionals Farmers Market. Have a new affection for all things local, and veg-tastic, the CRFM has become my grocery store. Every Saturday morning we hit 85 headed to the market.  COME EARLY and FIND A PARK! The sign says that on Saturdays they open at 8am...each and every Sat. hubs and I try to get there a little bit earlier and this past Sat. they were soo busy and it was 8:15ish when we got out of the car. Here's the thing. The market is make up of 5 distinctive "wings". (One of which I won't discuss because it's only open for wholesale.) The first wing is an open air market which features the most local Charlotte metro vendors. You'll find a few fresh flower vendors, muscadine wine and juice, fresh seafood, market fresh beef, sausage, and ostrich...(ick), and my personal favorite...veggies. These vendors pluck and sell so if there's something you're looking for...go there first and buy it...they sell out early. My most recent favorite purchases: purple cauliflower, squash blossoms, and a goji berry bush! What?!? The second wing features some of the larger vendors who retail alot of their produce. Check the boxes under the fruits and vegetables, because most likely they're imported from other parts of the US. Don't be afraid to ask!! Recently, there have been a few local vendors sprinkled in so check out everything. Also, like to mention Veggie on the Run. They have a lot of international vegetables that I've never heard of before coming to the market. Fav purchases from them: jackfruit, breadfruit, and dragonfruit (which by the way makes a killer cocktail called the Dragon Lady). BRING CASH: Some of the vendors accept debit cards but don't chance it. I would hate for you to miss out on purple fingerling tomatoes or the delicious kalamata bread because you ran out of $$. DON'T BRING A PET: Trust me...I learned the hard way.WEAR GOOD WALKING SHOES: Back to the "wings". Already talked about the "local" wing. The second wing features some of the larger vendors who retail alot of their produce. Check the boxes under the fruits and vegetables, because most likely they're imported from other parts of the US. Don't be afraid to ask!! The third wing is for arts and crafts type things, I've seen everything from adult bibs to cool yard art made out of metal in here. Always a good place if you're looking for something special and hand crafted. Lastly, my favorite: the Greenery Shed! Wow!! There are so many different vendors in here that sell the coolest things. One of my favs right now is Celtic Forest who sells any herb under the sun...not THAT one though. LOL! I've purchase most of the herbs for my culinary garden from here and the vendors are more than happy to talk to you about uses, care, best growing practices...really cool peeps. There's also a lady who sells ready built fairy gardens and accessories. I stop and drool every time.  Peace and Veg! KF
2	I should start by saying that I came here on Tuesday. There weren't a whole lot of vendors set up but I was saddened by how many of the ones who were there weren't even selling local produce. They had produce that was even target brand that was being sold and garlic from China etc. They did have some local options but not many. I will have to go back on a weekend and see if the options are any different and update my review accordingly.
4	I love this place!  Saturdays are definitely the best day to come.  There is local wine, meat, cheese, eggs, honey, fruits, and vegetables.  There are also a few bakeries which sell bread and/or pastries, and empandas, biscuits, and other yummy stuff.  If you're hungry when shopping, there's fresh kettle corn, donuts, and bratwurst sandwiches.  The plant section has wonderful herbs, shrubs, succulents, fruit trees and vegetable starts in season.  If you want locally crafted items, the craft barn has interesting and unique woodwork, jewelry, and hand-sewn items.  I find most of the vendors to be friendly and happy to share information about their products and operations.   In addition to local produce, there are also vendors who sell reduced price supermarket produce, if you choose to buy imported/domestic produce from regions other than our immediate surroundings.  Hands down my fave farmers market in Charlotte.  If you're going, know there is no ATM there, so stop and get cash before you come.  Many vendors accept plastic, but there are a few who do not.
5	I went on a Saturday morning, and was impressed with the selection and prices. There were 2 large open warehouses filled with produce (plus baked goods, honey, meat, fish, wine, fresh flowers, quail eggs,  a sad looking old man with an outstretched peach, you name it). Everyone was friendly and the crowd was mixed and thankfully devoid of hipsters. It started to get a bit busy around 10:00 ish. There was another building with crafts, and another half-filled with plants.  I will definitely be returning, and hopefully buying a hybrid king size Venus fly trap.
4	Ah, the season is finally here.  My golf clubs have been locked up in storage for all of winter and actually, most of spring (#job).  But, the time has come.  At the crack of dawn, I eagerly grab my golf bag and skip down the hall.  Hell yeah, Farmers Market time!  Golfing is a front - "Oh I visited this beautiful course way out yonder and just happened to stop by for some fresh honey, amazing grapefruits, and this wreath made of flowers - look, you can water it, nurture it, talk to it... and it grows!  Plants are rad."  If I didn't have such obligations (#job), this place could almost become a Saturday ritual.  WOW.  Y'all are witnessing a boy turned into an old man.  Saturday.ritual.of.Farmers.Market.  But you know what, it's worth it.  The cool part about it is talking to the people.  They got some unbelievable stories.  To whet the appetite:  espionage, JFK, jail, sauce, ad nauseum.  Grab that cup of McD coffee (I'm not a purist, sue me) and do a little shopping and gabbing it up with the farmers (#misplacedmancard).  Ain't nothing wrong with a man tellin' another man to try his pickle juice...no sir, it ain't. Grab some fresh mini-donuts being prepared right before your eyes on that well-engineered piece of steel machinery patented for its purpose - frying mini donuts on both sides.  Try a sample of the amazement that is muscadine drink.  Smell the candles.  So, abandon the golf clubs, throw on some comfortable slippers, and let's ritual.dmo out
4	I was just there. I didn't see any farmers, so I was a bit disappointed to say the least. What I did see is a lot of hipster moms with their little hipster babies wrapped in giant baby bandannas or sarongs or whatever else the hell they use to lash their spawn to their back. It practically put me off my locally sourced , locally grown , blah..blah..blah.This place was pretty awesome I must admit. Tons of stuff to choose from. An insane array of fruits and vegetables. If you don't mind getting shoved around by 75 year old Hindi women to get to your sprouts, then you will be fine. I noticed a dying man offering passersby peaches and though rather alarming, one could almost call it sweet.Some weird little guy chatted up my nightmarishly hot girlfriend about coconut fiber for like 6 hours. If i wasn't so spiritually and emotionally evolved, I might have held him down and chewed his tongue off Midnight Express style, but I didn't. I made believe I was looking at succulents and had myself a quiet cry.The crafts area was pretty cool as well, if not a bit overpriced. But most of it was made with organic screwdrivers and locally sourced wood glue, so come on. 95 dollars for a cutting board is pretty reasonable.All the vegetables we purchased were pretty phenomenal, so I have no complaints. I would definitely go again, and again...and again.
5	This is my favorite market in Charlotte. Get there early on Saturdays for artisan cheeses, fresh bread, local meat and of course produce for days.Flowers are the real "get" here- gorgeous and gigantic bouquets that are always fairly priced. Also, a craft barn and plant building if that is your speed.I go for the best chicken, beef and fish in the area. Nothing beats local and fresh.Truly a place to make lasting relationships with local farmers. Also, empanadas and fresh pasta are not to be missed.Some produce vendors in the covered barn are not local but these are easy to spot - if that matters to you. Tons of parking and worth the trip.
4	Super cute! We came on kind of an "off season" feeling day. Not many booths were open, but the one that were had fabulous produce and products. I would but on the weekends it would be even better. If we were local, this would be an amazing go-to place for fresh food shopping!
4	I came by off season so I know the produce is not local or seasonal. The prices cannot be beat! Parsley and cilantro bunches for under a dollar are a steal as usually herbs in large bunches are $2-3.  I got spinach, spring mix, leaf lettuce, vidalia onions that became French onion soup. I grabbed a dozen eggs, a huge jar of NC honey, a half gallon of NC cider to drink hot. I can't wait to see the summer version of this market. In the meantime, I'll be there buying up the herbs and honey!
