5	Homemade stock has a deeper and richer flavor than anything you can normally find at restaurants. Normally it takes a 12-18 hours of simmering before the magic can be infused into a good hearty bowl of "Pho". At Mymy, they've got it right and definitely do justice to what one would call a real traditional Vietnamese beef and noodle soup!Good, fast and not expensive, your bowl of pho will come with a fresh pot of jasmine tea and an assortment of fresh herbs including Asian Basil, Bean Sprouts, Spicy Hot Pepper and also surprisingly "Ngo Gai" aka culantro - very few place serve this tangy herb!The menu is simple but offers all the staples including spring rolls, imperials rolls, shrimp tempura, vermicelli or rice dishes with choice of grilled chicken, pork or beef brochettes, pork chops, shrimp, or a combination of your choice. Also available is crispy noodles and choice of bean dessert, fried banana or fried pineapple.Pssst. Ask for the spicy beef soup called "Bun Bo Hue". It's not on the menu but I'm sure you'll love it! Mymy is located on l'Acadie opposite of Marche Central and not two far from the Rockland Shopping Center. The place is small and cozy so if you're planning a trip with a big group, do call ahead. You know it's good pho when a group of 16+ Vietnamese come in on a Sunday evening. I'd love to hear from your experience!
4	Enjoyed a very nice dinner here and was happy to find a new Viet resto to add to the arsenal!  I noticed this one day in which I was driving back from Marche Central.  Restaurant is smaller and setup in a true Vietnamese quick and casual style!  You know by the stack of chopsticks on the table and Chinese soup spoons stacked upside down that this is not your "Quebec Vietnamese stir fry"!  They have a great simple menu with many items sub $10 and a few others that are sub $15.  This is my kind of place!  I ordered the #28 chicken, beef and pork with noodles.  It came out very nice on a plate with salad + I ordered the Imperial rolls.  Imperial rolls were a bit smaller but tasty none the less!  Food was tasty and with my brother's dinner it was $31(with a 15% tip added in).  Although L'acadie is high volume traffic (NYC Style) I'll come back to test out the Pho!
5	The place is very clean!and bun Bo hue is good ,service is fast...compare with pho nam quan,I like here than nam quan...
5	Great place! Serves yummy dishes and never disappoints! Would recommend the pho to anyone. Brought a few friends to this resto, and they end up loving it as well! Would definately recommend to anyone craving Vietnamese food!
5	I really think this is the best place for bun bo hue! Out of all the Vietnamese places I've tried for this specific dish, MyMy is the most satisfying. And I knew I did the right thing by ordering it because a lot of people in my proximity was eating that dish I so was desperately wanting to try. Once I got it, oh boy...bun bo hue heaven! For those who don't happen to know bun bo hue is, it's a spicy beef noodle soup with a usually orangey colored broth. It's spicy, but not deathly spicy I'd say. (but if you can't handle spicy at all, maybe opt out!) I personally like it because it's super flavorful and has got a nice kick to it. I also happen to like the thicker noodles they use for this soup too.I also ordered the rainbow 3 color drink which was excellent! It was bit of longer wait for the food, probably because it was busy but other than that no complaints. I'd come back again to try the pho...or maybe get the same thing again!
5	We come here at least once a week - this shows how much we LOVE Pho Mymy! Read our blog post about it :) http://theforbiddenmeal.com/2014/10/18/pho-mymy-good-fast-inexpensive/- The Forbidden Meal
