5	Get all my hemming done here and they always do a great job. Quality is consistent and customer service is top notch. What else can you ask for from an alterations place?
5	I needed three pairs of dress slacks hemmed in two hours.  I was in and out in less than 10 minutes for sizing.  Sure enough, two hours later they were ready.  And they did a great job!(Be aware that Yelp's map of their location is inaccurate!  They are on Broadway and Priest!)
5	Been coming here for several years. Great work, done quickly, at good prices. This new location is even closer to us and more convenient.
5	I get all my alterations and dry cleaning done here and they always turn out great and are always on time.  They are very friendly here and I highly recommend bringing your items here :)
4	This store is kinda cute. Reminds me of an old Shanghai seamstress store. No credit or debit, cash only (not a small amount of cash either mind you).. and it's definitely not going to take only 30 minutes.The experience is still kinda fun (I don't often get pants hemmed), and it felt like being in a bygone era.The lady that works there is very sweet. And hard of hearing...and possibly may or may not have spoken english (one can't tell what she says).I would still go back and support her though. I kinda want to take her home and make her my granny... thats kind of the feel of the whole store
5	Small little shop offering dry cleaning and alterations. The elderly pair that run the store are very friendly but speak limited English (They do speak Cantonese for those that are bilingual though), and have a cute budgie/parakeet in the shop to liven up the place. I needed a dress hemmed in a short amount of time. Reading the good reviews, I headed over. The cost was $25, and while there were a few hanging threads that need to be clipped, overall the work looks solid.The store is between a gas station and a tax services building. I appreciate that they are open later than other alterations places I've been to (They close at 7 most days), so that I can pick up any alterations after work is over.They accept cash only, and oftentimes don't have change, so come prepared!
