4	Standard GNC store. Friendly staff. Fully stocked with everything you would expect from a nutrition store.Join their Gold Card program and save $$. Save extra the first 5 days of each month.
2	So apparently not all GNC's are created equally. This place does not have the same prices as the GNC at Mesa River view. Pretty lame right? I thought so as well and why does GNC make their employees wear ties? Pretty lame considering those guys make about $8 per hour.
1	Although this retail location appears to be stocked with merchandise, the staff seems disinterested in helping. They would prefer to assist clientele who are on the thinner / fitter/ younger side of life. Anything else they really don't have the attention span for.As witnessed on multiple visits.[Head Shake]Before I dropped a chunk of mass I ventured into this store. I would have spent the world and the moon that day. (The mgr of sales in training at my gym had sent me over to "invest" in protein what not.) I had a very specific product to purchase and a list of other "maybes".Yeah, this is before I started eating clean. Anyway, I had some questions. But the same very tall, dark haired lad, had to help a gal. With her cell phone. And then with mints. And some other critical stuff.I get it. Flirting. Sure, on the job. Go forth, do that.But when I finally had his attention, he had the audacity to be annoyed. At the actual paying customer. (vs. the gal that works next door and pops in all the time.)Hoy Vey. Kids. I get 'ya. But help the old ones with their wallets wide open next time.Periodically I would stop in there on my way to Sports Authority. To buy some energy bars. SAME THING.Then I changed my food vocabulary and never, ever, needed to go in there.DON'T GO.
1	Just left this place LAUGHING MY ASS OFF!!!   I walked in to look for DEXTROSE.  DEXTROSE POWDER.  They didn't have it when i looked around. No big deal right? THe store is nice, has a lot of products.  BUT, the guy who worked inside, looked like he worked out, and looked intelligent.  Tall, built, dark haired white guy.   He told me yea they don't carry it.  He offered to help me find a place that carries dextrose.  He looked it up and told me nothing came up when he typed in "D-E-C-S-T-R-O-S"     I intentionally gave him a weird look and said no its spelled DEXTROSE.  He said aww cmon Gimme a break i'm off one letter.    He looked it up and still nothing.  I said uh that's weird.... try, D-Glucose. Nothing came up.    He said yea never heard of it all my years here.  LOL!!!!! I PAUSED AND GAVE HIM A 8 SECOND STARE.  a full 8 second stare.  THINK ABOUT HOW LONG THAT REALLY IS.  And i said, It's a simple sugar and you've never heard of it????....... Sir.....you work for a nutrition store, yet you don't know what a simple sugar is.  You're a joke bro.  Great job representing the GNC name.  GNC employees have reached a new level of "Stupid".   LOLLOLOLOL WHAT AN IDIOT!!!! I hope he reads this.  I laughed SO SO Hard when i left the door and told my best friend right away.  I'd give 0 stars, cause this employee made this GNC location look like a joke.  BUT i'll give one star cause I had a great laugh today.
