5	Disclosure: Jerry's sponsors an event I help run, Dr. Sketchy's Anti-Art School. This does not influence my review, except for I can vouch that they are a cool, laid-back, flexible sponsor. When I first went to Jerry's, I was expecting a small store. But MAN, it's pretty freaking big. Tons of supplies, including books and software.  They also carry Montana spray paint and comic/manga supplies, so I feel like their selection is pretty comprehensive. I generally only shop for art supplies that pertain to drawing and sketching, though, so I can't vouch for any of the traditional painting and sculpture stuff. But the place is so big, I'm inclined to guess that they'll have whatever you need.Oh, they do framing, too!
4	As said before this place is huge! I like their pen, pencil and sketchbook selections. They have all kinds of sketchbooks to choose from including moleskins and hand bound books.There's a little library section with a cozy looking chair there, so you can sit and browse through books. They also offer custom framing and art classes.I would put this above Utrecht,  Arizona Art,  Aaron brothers and Michaels. In that order...  ;)
4	Went in there last weekend to purchase some watercolors! This place looks small from outside but is in fact pretty large inside. Did not have time to peruse throughout the store but will go there when I have more time again.The watercolor selection is limited as in they do not carry a ton of different brands. The lady at the cashier stand was not very helpful nor was she friendly. It was a sunday and it looked like she really did not like being there. They do carry different grains of watercolor paper which is great and I was helped by a nice gentleman with picking out some for me. He even pointed out the one that was a really good grain and was on sale that week. The store is slightly unorganized as in the watercolors were in one section, the brushes were in a totally seperate section and then I couldn't find the watercolor paper anywhere until the associate helped me. They also have some books on different art subjects but again they too are unorganized. Some are near the seating area...right near the cashiers and then the rest are supposed to be on the far wall. Didn't have a chance to walk all the way over there. Did I mention, this place is huge. They also hold weekly watercolor and sketching classes at this place. Anyway, I will be making my future watercolor supplies purchases from Jerry's Artarama. It was easy to find and a basic no nonsense place.
4	Their helpful friendly staff always makes for a pleasant visit. They have almost everything I need to make a great painting. Each staff member is not only an employee but a talented artists and knows a lot about supplies.
5	Wow!  You walk into this place and its like heaven for artists!  SO many art supplies, its insane!  Almost a 3rd of the store is framing too, and they have a super friendly funny custom framer as well.  I do a LOT of acrylic painting and I have to say the canvas selection they have is great!  So many sizes, I love the long skinny ones!  Also!  Their house brands of paint, the Lukascryl, is one of my favorite acrylic paints ever!  Comes in 500ml bottles and i use them almost every time i paint.  I also do a lot of ceramic sculpture and their clay selection is superior to any art supply stores in the area. The prices are AMAZING!  They dont have a student discount, but thats completely fine because they have the best prices I've seen!  Thank god too for us broke artists!  :)  The staff is super knowledgeable, Nathan especially, and the only thing i can say is they dont have much in terms of selection for spray paint. They do carry the Montana Gold, which is awesome, i just wish they had more!  :D
3	Oh Jerry's, we have such a difficult relationship.Jerry's Artarama stores usually have quite a bit to offer. However I feel as though this location is a bit lacking. Where shall I begin? Often I go to this store because it is the closest art store to where I live, so I go out of convenience. However, once I get there and can't find anything I need and nobody offers to help me, I get annoyed and wish I had gone somewhere else.It's not to say that they don't have a lot of art supplies, but rather they aren't in stock on about 40% of some of them. For example the paint shelves are half empty, as are the brushes. So what happens is I go there looking for something specific, and they don't have it. Once I went looking for calligraphy markers and they had one brand in one size. Another time I needed a specific kind of pencil sharpener and some supplies from Golden paints and they didn't have either of them. Looking for a good assortment of ink pen nibs? Don't even bother. Last time I was there I bought a cute wooden materials case. But was that what I had gone there for? No. The list goes on....  Their store isn't that busy, but at the same time I don't really think that's a valid excuse to not have things in stock. It only encourages people not to come back because there are other stores in the neighborhood that will have them.And then there's the customer service, which is rather pitiful. Usually there is one person at the register who would much rather stand there on the computer or drawing or heavens-knows-what than to ask you if you need help. Sometimes they will be there chatting with another associate. I'm used to people on the floor walking up to you and asking if you need help, not ignoring you or waiting for you to come to the checkout to ask a question. They also don't give a student discount because according to them, their lowest prices in the area are your discount.There are some good things they offer though, such as watercolor classes that take place in the store and they have a bulletin board where you can find instructional art classes, teachers and art openings. They do have a lot of canvases, some nice portfolios and a few desks. Overall if you like art, chances are you will like the majority of the items in the store. But if you are a serious artist looking for specific supplies, it may not be your best bet.
5	Excellent service! Thankyou to Will who went out of his way to help me! The prices can't be beat.
1	We try to support local business but in this case it backfired. Took a pretty basic framing job to artarama and spent a good amount of time providing instructions. When it came time to pick it up, it was not ready. In fact they finally delivered it a week after they committed. But that was only the first problem...despite all of the instructions the matting was done incorrectly with a wrong color and a wrong style. Now back at square one. I would not recommend Jerrys Artarama if you want quality and value your time.
5	I'm new to the area and was on a quest to find my ideal art supply store.  Jerry's Artarama lives up to my sky-high expectations (I'm an elitist when it comes to art materials...)  This place is HUGE.  You've been to Utrect?  Multiply that times six and you have Jerry's Artarama.  Not only that, but this place has about six times more inventory than their aforementioned competitor.  You're paying a few cents more on some items, but it's worth it.  Why, you ask?  Everything is nicely laid out--nothing is jammed into the space.  I felt like I could breathe as I explored aisle upon aisle of creative materials; to me, "breathing room" is essential when you're dreaming up your next creation.  No anxiety or claustrophobia here.  I'd rather pay a few cents more when I'm being helped by competent, experienced and knowledgeable artists.  Never should one walk into a store like this knowing more than the staff.  All of my questions were answered and the employees I spoke with listened as I relayed my experiences with similar products.  The brush aisle (well, aisles) is heaven on earth.  At Jerry's Artarama, you will find the largest selection of student- and artist-grade brushes ANYWHERE.  Finally, an art supplier that provides cups of water and paint for one to test the brushes before purchasing them!  (Why would you buy a car if you can't test drive it first?  Same principle.)I noticed that there was a big space on the south side of the store for classes to be held.  This particular afternoon, an instructor was preparing for her next demonstration.  There's a different class every single day held at Artarama.  Count me in!I left inspired and excited, but most importantly, I left feeling confident that I made the best choices possible.  Thank you Jerry's Artarama!!!
3	In the spirit of supporting local business, I decided to give Jerry's a chance, since I was in the area and driving past it to go back to Scottsdale.With a name like Jerry's "Artarama", you can't help but think of the cheesy car salesmen that probably work here. Art-A-Rama? Really? What a stupid name. Anyway, the store struck a positive tone with me, from the moment I walked in. The selection is quite good. You can get just about anything here. I'm not an artist, but I try to dabble a bit. I LOVE the selection of paper here. The staff seems to be on point too.Like I said earlier, I am no artist, but ask the staff about art lessons. You can learn how to draw or paint from real artists. Pretty awesome stuff.I'd come back, but I prefer going to Arizona Art Supply or Utrecht. Both of those stores had staff that got to know me, and my interests. I go for the personal experience. Who cares if one is a chain, and the other is next door to a Safeway.
3	The store manager got back with me via Yelp, which I greatly appreciate.  In thinking further about my review, I've amended it somewhat to reflect that the store is much more than just framing.  I would still not recommend their framing department, but the rest of the store is well-organized and has a huge selection of art supplies.  Plus, the staff seems very eager to offer expert assistance if you want it.  So a 1 star for framing and a 5 star for supplies leaves me with an aggregate 3 star review.
5	This is the best art store I've found in the east valley. The prices are 30-50% lower than other stores in the area, and the vibe and selection are great.
4	Huge and diverse selection of art supplies that can be daunting for those that are just venturing into the realm of art.  For beginners, they do have sets you can purchase for painting, etc.  For every medium they have several options for those that want inexpensive vs. high quality/pricier supplies.  The employees here are very friendly and are there to answer any questions you might have.  Although they do have a very wide selection of supplies, this doesn't necessarily mean that they supplies they are supposed to have are in stock.  There were several paints and paintbrushes that were out of stock when I went, and some were the more popular brands and colors.
2	Jerry's...  Ugh!  I try to like you since we live so close to each other but...  Ugh!I have had numerous irritating experiences at Jerry's.  In a nutshell...I use red Prismacolor pencils.  I run out and go to Jerry's, they don't have them, don't know if they carry them and and nobody can tell me when and if they might reappear.  Why?  The (seemingly) canned answer is because the order comes from corporate, in North Carolina or somewhere far, far away where there is no phone or email access.  I go to buy Sculpey... OUT!  Same answer as to when it might return.  I need Faber Castell PITT brush tip markers...  OUT!  The same story with some airbrush materials. "Come back Tuesday or Thursday or just give us a call and we'll check if it's in..."   I can walk to Jerry's in less than 10 mins but I would rather go to AZ Art or anywhere else than have to call everytime I need some stuff.  I can go to AZ Art in Tempe and when something is out can order from their mother store and it's there the next day.  The clerks I have dealt with there are part of my rant.  Of the handful that I have dealt with, (mostly morning and daytime) it seems like they don't really know the store well or give a crap to give some insight on their products or company.They do have a big store and I understand that there is alot of inventory to know about and be able to locate but that is your job.  It just seems like nobody that I have dealt with there is really keyed in on knowing their stuff.I spoke to a gal there who was really chatting me up on her recent art night where she painted this huge piece and blah blah blah but when I asked if she knew when they might have more of the brush tip markers she was mum.   "No clue." Jerry's, just clean it up and have your people act toward you and your customers with the same passion they have with their own art.  Do this and I will try to like you again.
4	I went to Jerry's on a recommendation from a friend (or ten) and I am SO glad that I did!  Shopping at Jerry's has saved me hundreds of dollars, literally.I represent a specific demographic though, I paint almost exclusively with oils. At Jerry's I have found an incredible selection of artist and professional grade oil paints.  Many different brands, every color I can imagine, and tubes ranging from 35ml to the largest tubes of oil paint I've ever seen (great for white and black BTW).  Did I mention the prices!?  Jerry's consistently offers prices lower than the majority of their competitors.  Oil painting is an expensive hobby- on my first attempt to gain supplies at another chain store, I spent over $200 (not including a new easel)  and still wasn't prepared.  I was able to get a far larger supply of paints and brushes (and had a vastly larger selection to choose from) at Jerry's for half that price.  Comparing the prices that I paid at this other store...Jerry's was a solid 25-75% cheaper depending on the item.  Jerry's also has really great things that aren't available at all stores, they have a very comprehensive collection of art supplies.The staff has always been friendly and helpful.  I have never walked in to the store without being greeted by someone at the front of the store, and more often than not one or more employees will approach me in the aisles and ask if I need assistance.  The store is HUGE, so I really appreciate having someone available to direct me.The one things that I really dislike is the summer hours- they are super short and inconvenient.  I work full time (bank hours), so it's impossible to get to their facility either before or after work because they simply are not open.  They seem to cater toward students with their hours versus working adults like myself.  Fortunately they are open on Saturdays and have longer hours when school is in session.  Also, some of the more basic supplies that I enjoy (spray on gesso and various spray on varnishes) are often very low on stock or out of stock.  I just make a habit of buying an extra can when they are available- it's really not that big of a deal.  Over all, I love this store and will be continuing to shop there for the foreseeable future.
5	Wow!  Great stuff!  Everything you need for art AND great people.The staff is helpful, knowedgeable and friendly.They have this retro color TV...  It looks like just one from when I was a kid!
5	The lowest prices on art supplies in the valley. I know, because I hit up all the art stores, seeing as I am an artist as well as an art teacher. I love the layout of this store also. Comfy comes to mind. Not warehouse-y, which sometimes ends up happening. I bought and used a groupon here. No muss, no fuss. Great deal!
4	Art supplies are expensive! I guess they are expensive in general. But the prices here aren't toooooo bad. I can always go to Walmart and get some cheap paint and paint brushes.But this place is good for better quality paint. I can get Soho acrylic paints and Montana Gold spray paints. The vibrant colors, you can't get that at Walmart.
1	Even though I asked several employees in the store, not one would help beyond pointing to a wall. I came to the store with a list and left with nothing. El lardo at the cash register couldn't be bothered though I think I might have been one of two customers there. He was busy shoving what looked to be Chicharrones into his pie hole. I left and drove over to AZ Art Supply next to Sprouts on Southern. AZ Art Supply showed me where everything was and I left within 15 minutes with $110 worth of supplies.
4	I love Jerry's Artarama. It's a dimly-lit, cavernous, warehouse-like space filled with just about everything an artist's heart desires, at super competitive prices. Professional and student grade art supplies.Fantastic selection of papers, the best I have seen in Arizona.I always manage to fill up my cart when I come here.Unfortunately for me it's too far for me to come here regularly, but it's a great resource for East Valley artists.
4	This is a fairly large art supply store.  They do custom framing, which was what brought me in.  With a large selection of frames, friendly, helpful staff, and quality work, I'm very satisfied.I'm not much of an artist, but if you are, and you're looking for supplies, I can't imagine anything that they either do not have in stock, or can not order for you.
4	I really like this art store it seems to be cheaper than some of the other craft stores. The people are nice and the store is not really busy. I like this place more than some if the other stores I have been to.
5	I love Jerry's. Love them, love them, love them! I had passed by the store before, but finally stopped there with a friend about two years ago, and we've been going there ever since. They are by far the best art supply store I have ever shopped at.I think what I love most about Jerry's is that its just art supplies and whatnot. It is not a craft store. Craft stores (Michael's, JoAnn's, HobbyLobby) sell only a handful of art supplies, and they typically charge you a lot for it because, realistically, they only have a handful of brands/options available. Its frustrating - or, rather, it was - that my only option for sketch tools or markers were stores where it cost so much and the selections were so thin.This changed everything. They have pretty much anything - I never leave Jerry's disappointed. The ONE time I was unable to find in-store what I needed, I was able to order from their website (which, BTW, is wonderfully user-friendly and still just as well priced). And, even when I didn't find what I specifically came there for... I usually find lots of other stuff I want to try anyhow. Jerry's is a discount supply store that started as a small family business in New York and has since expanded. It is not a major chain, but a small chain for sure. The store is not super fancy - it is earthy and organic feeling, with the occasional mattering of paint smears or marker smudges. Its a good feeling place because while it is earthy, its not dirty or dingy, and you absolutely feel that the money you spend isn't going to make the place 'pretty'. To me, that's a good feeling. Savings are passed on to the customer. Plus, every time I go here, I am absolutely impressed with how helpful and sweet the staff are. They know their stuff and they are super friendly. Whole-hardheartedly recommend Jerry's to anyone looking to get better art supplies of any sort, but not willing to pay ultra-high prices for them. Best art store ever.
