4	I went here on the 2nd day of business so I still think they are working out a few kinks.  I love the different options they have which make it stand out more than Chipotle.  I had the chile beef burrito enchilada style.  It was really good, it was so big I couldn't finish it.  The bf had a steak quesadilla which he loved and my friend had nachos which looked good.There is stuff on the menu that I will return to try.  It looked like they hired about 100 people and had them all working!  It was kind of confusing at times but I am sure with time it will all get ironed out!  Good Job bringing something different to the area!
3	I think this location obviously has some kinks to work out but otherwise our meal here on opening day was nice. I'm a big fan of the location in Mesa and didn't like the food quite as much at this new store in Phoenix. I can't pinpoint it and I'm not sure where the difference was but my typically veggie salad just didn't have the same wow factor. Having said that, the customer service was great and all workers were extremely friendly. This goes for both locations but I take issue with places that charge extra for something like sour cream. Overall an OK experience, will return after they've ironed out some issues.
4	Fun and tasty! We stopped in at Cafe Rio Mexican Grill (odd name, great food) and were very satisfied with the food, the service and the general atmosphere of the restaurant. The staff was very attentive, clearly motivated to do a good job with the new restaurant and it is a bright and cheerful place, fun to visit. I had the enchilada which had a good amount of very fresh chicken, the sauce was very good, just right on spiciness, and the pinto beans and Mexican rice were as good as any I've had. Definitely on my list for return visits to sample more of the menu.
5	Glad to have this amazing restaurant in our neighborhood! Went for the first time last night...friendly, fast service & food was awesome. We are hooked!
5	Queso! Guacamole! Amazing tortillas! Freshly squeezed Mint Limeade!I loved the environment. I felt very welcome and was totally entertained!Make sure you tell them if it is your first visit, order nachos and get a surprise!We will be back!
3	Cafe Rio strikes me as morph of Rubio's decor and Chipotle's (slightly expanded) menu. It was clean, brightly colored and the service was quick.I ordered the Sweet Pork Barbacoa Burrito (pictured) and found the title to be spot on. I was a bit put off by the sweetness of it, finding the sauce to taste like an extra sweet BBQ sauce. It completely overpowered the flavor of the meat. The pico de gallo topping would have been just average, but I must say the diced tomatoes were ripe and tasted just off the vine.Be aware, the acoustics of the restaurant and the music over speakers make for a loud environment. I couldn't even hear the employees' questions!There are so many dining options in the area that I'm not sure I'll return. If I do, I'll steer clear of the sweet sauce, but give the yummy raspberry lemonade another swig!
1	My rating is based on the fact that as a vegetarian, they charge $8 for a small mediocre bean burrito.  Maybe if this bean burrito were exceptionally good or large in size, but it was neither.  I'm not saying that if your idea of Mexican food is Chipolte, you will not find what you are looking for and be happy here. But if what you offer your vegetarian customers is deleting the meat and not adding anything else and charging full price, I can get MUCH BETTER elsewhere and pay way less.  GRINGOS:  Take off the Chipolte blindfolds!  Go to a real Mexican restaurant and see what real food is supposed to taste like!
2	We went for dinner in early Sept, 2012.  The vegetarian salads were loaded with romaine and white rice and black beans mixed together.  The bean mixture had a pasty consistency.  The tortilla underneath the salad is cold by the time you can get to it.  The noise level was quite loud both in the volume of music and overall acoustics.  The evening sun poured in to the entire restaurant and people were walking around shielding their eyes.  Not a great first impression.
4	Food is pretty darn good - they get points for having fresh made whole wheat tortillas, free quesadillas for kids under six, and a free enchilada style option on the burritos. I prefer the red sauce to the green, the pinto beans to the black beans, and the Barbacoa to Chipotle's lame excuse for Barbacoa. I only wish they were consistent in their prices and service. One day I got a tiny scoop of guacamole for free, the next day it was $1.50. Then they charged me $7.50 for a plain cheese quesadilla when the week before it was a fraction of that price. I'm giving them the benefit of the doubt that these are just growing pains, but seriously $7.50?!?!
2	Cafe Rio was an experience, we were very rushed in the ordering line, while they were singing there enchilada cold stone song.  They messed up our burro orders giving our order to someone else, and having to re-make our burro.  The line was chaos, the sound was chaos and it was average food.  The lighting in the dining room was a little dim for day time.  The TWO good things were.... the tortillas (YUM YUM) and the wide selection of lemonade drinks.
4	I loved this place.Now I was first expecting a little resturant. When I went in, it was kind of like a chipotle, but better tortillas!!!You have the tortilla makers, then the food prep, then the cashier. Our cashier was adorable! Loved her, I think her name was Chrystal. She was very sweet and made sure our order was right since it was our first time there. First bite was DELICIOUS!will certainly be going again!!!
4	Pretty cool new place. My Friends Dubs and Becca H. Introduced me to this place. Apparently they are everywhere in Utah. I ordered the special fish tacos. One of my favourite dishes anytime I eat "Mexican" food. They were actually really good. Great Flavor and the tortillas were a good pair. Sides were just meh...This place is loud. Everytime someone orders nachos the entire staff breaks into a nacho inspired rendition of Macho Man.... Its hilarious at first but in the end can be obnoxious after 10 times. Then to have to go home to a 7 year old with it stuck in his head. Not the business. I'd go back. My kid ate free, and that's always a plus. Trying something different next time. Everyone's plates looked really good.
3	Food was good and the price was great but I'm not a big fan of the cafeteria style dining.  When you get your order, it comes in this metal dog bowl looking dish on a traditional cafeteria plastic tray... yuck.  Why can't they just bring your order to you in a nicer dish?
5	Loved everything about the tacos, especially the sweet pulled pork. Fresh handmade tortillas also taste delectable. If I had any drawbacks it would be that they are sort of stingy with toppings/sauces. Otherwise you are best advised to come here on Taco Tuesdays for $1.50 tacos and buy a lot of them! Sweet pulled pork is out of this world!
4	I love Cafe Rio - the service at this location was extremely laid back. Visited after the lunch rush, so the employees might have been slowing down since no one was in line behind me. Employees did not look happy - but the food was really good!
5	This place is what chipotle would like to grow up to be. Everything isvfresh, fast and however you want it. I love that they will put anything on anything that you want! I like some enchilada sauce on my nachos thank you, and they put it on for me! Getting a salad but don't want the big hunks of lettuce they use? Ask for the shredded lettuce, you'll get it. I like that you can customize your order because I'm a custom orderer. The prices are great for the huge amount of food you get and the staff is always pleasant. It dies get loud inside but that's because it's a  popular, casual place. I wouldn't change a thing.
5	YUM!Went here with some sorority sisters after an afternoon of volunteering. I am fairly certain it's a newer place and just had its grand opening a few weeks ago. I ordered a salad with came in the soft tortilla shell. I got the chicken, lettuce, gacumole, pico, tomato, cheese, and a wonderful creamy chiptole dressing.I devoured it. It was so delish. The best part about ordering at the place to is that they will sing to you if you order nachos. I couldn't make out what they were saying 100% but it was entertaining. They also have a really festive array of drinks. Your typical soda machine of course, but off to the side is about 4 cooler of fun mixes. There's mint lemonade, Mexican limeade, and 2 others. All made in house and totally authentic. They are making their claim to fame with the torillas though. I would recommend this place to just go and eat their bread all day.
2	Over priced and mediocre food.
4	I'm glad that Cafe Rio Mexican Grill opened up in Town and Country.  We have been to Cafe Rio a couple of times now.  On Tuesday they have tacos for $1.50.  Cafe Rio is now my favorite place for tacos.  The beef and pork tacos are the best.  If you are looking for a good taco you should check out Cafe Rio.
4	I've eaten here about three times now, and I have to say I'm a fan. I've eaten at their location in Gilbert several times before, so I knew what to expect when walking in.The place is colorfully decorated, with different colored tables and chairs of all sizes for seating.  Their food is cooked fresh, they will make what you want to order on or off the menu.  I usually go with the shredded beef taco with some kind of beans and rice.  This is a hearty meal, and let me tell you, its filling and delicious. I love their shredded beef, as its really moist and juicy. Their tortilla's are made fresh by hand, and you can watch them  make it as your standing in line.Overall I love this place, but at times, I feel rushed through line. I also have a hard time hearing the guys behind the counter when they ask me stuff like what I want on my taco.  Honestly, I know my hearing is good, so I think its the noise from behind the counter that drowns them out.  I have to ask them a lot to repeat themselves, and its not that they aren't loud enough....but in between the glass that's separating you and the noise from the kitchen, I have to keep saying "HUH? ONE MORE TIME PLEASE."Also, sometimes i feel rushed at the register when i pay. I take my time and put my money back in my wallet and make sure I have everything before I take my tray, and sometimes I feel like they want me to hurry up so they can keep the line down, and not have it pile up.  (I know, fussy, right?)  LOLOverall, I love their food here and I really enjoy eating here. I plan on coming back in the future to eat more, and even though its on the pricier size, I'm definitely a fan!
5	Best Chicken Salad Ever.
4	I have to say, this was totally solid. Is it as good as some of the Mexican food you can get here in Arizona? No, but that would be ridiculous to expect from a chain. I shared the enchiladas with my mom and they were really tasty, as were the rice and beans on the side.I came back a few days later just to get some queso dip to go (I'd been craving it, okay?), and while it was pretty good, I wouldn't call it life changing.If you go, definitely get either the mint lemonade or the horchata-- both are great!
4	Good food quick service even when busy and good prices
2	I have heard several people talking about this place the last few weeks, so I thought I would give it a go.I love that the Camelback corridor is blooming with new restaurants, but no need to go back to this one.PRO's:The restaurant, cafeteria style, is extremely clean! Awesome!The menu, several options to the core styles of Mexican dishes (ie: burros, tacos, etc)Around $8 for a generous meal for one...not bad!CON's:Service is slow.  Going through the line of 'fixings' takes a while.If you want lettuce in your burro, prepared to have it on the side.  They make your burrito with choice of meat, cheese, beans, then 'nuke' it in a conveyer belt toaster oven. (really)?I asked for lettuce in my burrito, and they said they put it on the side as to not send it through heater.Tortillas made there...but nothing to write home aboutIt's not a terrible place to go...just nothing worth having a frequent visitor punch card there.I would suggest Panchero's (exact SAME concept) over Cafe Rio.
1	My feelings about Cafe Rio turned dubious when I saw prices higher than Chipotle or Qdoba, with fewer meat choices (no carnitas!). The dubiousness doubled down when  I got a look at the fixings.It was a long look, as the large staff seemed utterly uninclined to wait on me. After a long while, one gal pointed me out to another, who smiled at her coworker and went back to whatever she was doing with the grill. At this point, I gave up and left.The idea that checking off store tasks is way more important than waiting on customers probably comes from management, so I'm not going to blame the very young and probably inexperienced staff. But if it's your business model to figure that customers can damned well wait until somebody gets around to them and there's no hurry or need to even acknowledge them waiting, then you'd best be either way cheaper or way better quality than your competition. There is no reason I'd give Cafe Rio a second chance.I went to one of the other restaurants in the same strip and had a very nice experience there.
5	I've been here quite a few times and love both the pork burrito - enchilada style and the pork salad - they are the best!
5	my rating is specific to the tuesday taco special. It was tacos for $1.50 each now $1.75 but well worth the extra 25c. Option of pulled chicken, grilled chicken or beef. I always get the pulled chicken. The flavor is fantastic, like it's been cooking all day. Moist & full of flavor. My absolute favorite part is the tortilla. I almost always order extra as a side. They are made fresh minutes before being used & are perfect! I am a self proclaimed tortilla snob & love these- somebody please get me the receipe!! just love watching the girls roll them out & heat them while I wait in line.
4	Okay I always compare this place to Chipotle. Its kind of the same concept, but way more variety. All in all this place is great, but it does NOT feel as healthy as chipotle does ;) haha. What is great is the tortillas (freshly made and MUCH MUCH better), the beans, and the guac is different not better but delicious!Tips on ordering, I love the sweet pork. its good in a burrito, in a salad etc. I know my friends like the green chile beef which is also good. You know what is great? The fact that they have taco tuesday for 1.50 tacos. Umm wow. you cant get the steak though, its not on the deal. but get one of everything if you can fit it in ya!The tortillas are the best part. really.
1	Well, where do I start?  "Let's start at the very beginning.  A very good place to start..."  (Sound of Music, anyone?) First of all, did anyone in this company compare what $7 will buy at say, a Cafe Rio and a...Chipoltle?   Because you can eat almost 2 times at Chipoltle for what you pay at Rio...and the two times you eat at Chipoltle is four times the amount of food at Rio.What about flavor?  I don't know.  I had enchiladas.  I got the grilled chicken (vs the shredded chicken in water in the stream table) and that upgrade alone cost me $1 more.  What's up with that?  You don't pay anymore at Chipoltle for grilled chicken...anyway, I chose the "medium" sauce ("medium heat" or "spice", said the grill-man/manager and in fact, there was no heat at all)  because he said it "...had the best flavor".  It was good.  Not great.  Barely good.  Just not $10 worth of good.  Two chicken enchiladas, rice and beans, 9.86, I think and that's not with a drink, just the enchiladas..Second, why is the place is called Cafe RIO?  "Rio", as in Rio de Janeiro..., right?  Let me ask you this: WHAT DOES RIO DE JANEIRO -- IN BRAZIL, MIND YOU, what does that have to do with Mexican food?  Rio de Janeiro is precisely 4761 miles or 7660.45 kilometers from Mexico City.  Wait, what?  Why not call McDonald's "Hawaiian Hula Burgers"?  Why not?  Because it makes no sense.  A lot like calling a Mexican restaurant Cafe Rio...just sayin'.I ate next door at PotBelly a couple of times, good sandwich, but this Saturday, I just FELT like enchiladas and I thought it would be as good and cheaper than Arriba across the street.  I was wrong.My order came out of the unfriendly Quizno-like toaster, and because the single line guy was busy, my hot enchiladas just sat there.  Then, when the single line guy DID have time to prep my order, the cashier simply HAD to speak with the manager, again, while my order just sat there.  Reminded me of the same kind of neglect I see EVERY SINGLE TIME AT The Habit.  Your order just sits there.  Any competent food person could figure out a system better than no system at all!I cannot recommend this joint for anything.  And I've seen one in Tempe or Mesa.  Website is HORRIBLE.  Can't get a menu, near as I can tell.  Some guy's mug, all ego.  The free market is hard to predict, but I'll take Carolina's or Chipoltle on a bad day over this dump.
4	I finally made it here for lunch today. Not in the mood for meat, I ordered a veggie burrito, which consisted of rice and black beans. (The menu also listed guacamole as a vegetarian ingredient, but that was conspicuously absent from my burrito.) I specified "enchilada style" for my burrito, meaning that they coated my burrito with a hot sauce and melted cheese. Overall, my first experience was pretty favorable. The tortilla was fresh and, since heated to melt the cheese on top, soft and easy to cut. Together, the black beans and rice made for a great combination, but the "enchilada style" sauce, while mildly spiced, could have been a little spicier. If you are looking for an authentic Mexican culinary experience, Cafe Rio would probably not be on your short list, but the ingredients are fresh, the food is good, and the menu makes for very good Mexican fast-food. I would definitely go here again.
2	Shock & Awe.It must be in their business model somewhere. You'll be shocked when you get up to the register and $12+ for a simple chicken salad with a tortilla. And once the shock value wears off and you finally take a bite of your salad you will be in awe that you didn't pay half the price elsewhere for a better salad. The only thing that was enjoyable about the salad was the cilantro vinaigrette (which by the way when I asked for an extra side I was given two options. "Do you want the $.50 or $1.00 extra?" How about this is an $11.50 salad and an extra side of dressing is the lube before I get violated in exchange for some romaine lettuce?
5	I'm a dual citizen and have lived in both Mexico & the U.S. so feel I'm qualified to say Yolanda's pork tamales are the BEST I've had in a restaurant! This isn't a fancy place & no liquor license, so if you need Mexican beer with your meal, get the take out & take your food home. The staff even sings! I always give a Cinco de Mayo party (not a big holiday in Mexico but good excuse for a party in May!) and this year I'm ordering dozens of tamales from the Cafe Rio!  PLUS, I'll be back soon!
4	We walked in past nine in the evening and the manager, Jim, was excited to see two new patrons.  He had us try some samples of the horchata and this mint lime drink.  Everything was fresh and made from scratch each day.  He was very excited to tell us about all the great things and helped us figure out what we wanted to eat. We ordered the carnitas burrito with everything (they have fresh jalapenos) in it, including the enchilada sauce on top. It  was very filling, tasted fresh and had lots of flavors.  We also ordered the carnita tostada, with the whole wheat tostada.  It was more like a big salad, but it was pretty good.  I would get shredded beef next time because the carnitas did not blend well with the other flavors of the tostada taco.  Jim is right; the horchata is the best in town.  Would stop by just for that.
2	Cafe Rio just isn't up to par for Mexican food.  I ordered 3 tacos with steak/guac and a small drink, total $14!  Seriously, way over priced tacos for so little. The tortillas may be homemade but I can get tortillas just as good or better at other Mexican food establishments.  I had asked if I could get cheese on the top of the tacos, it would've cost extra.  You got to be kidding me!  The lettuce was poorly cut, huge pieces that makes it hard to eat it in a taco or even a salad.  Really messy prep area and the staff pretty much lazy about how they prepared the tacos and other guests meals.  People were not that friendly nor seemed to like their jobs.  Good location to be in, yet not worth the trip.
3	I love options. I'm the kind of person that when I have chicken strips, I want 4 different dipping sauces.This place fulfills my need for options in a way that their competitors can't.The menu is a little confusing, and the daily specials board doesn't have prices or explain that it includes a drink.I had the special, the chicken tostada salad, a tostada with rice and beans, piled with romaine, chicken, pico de gallo, a dollop of sour cream, tortilla strips, and some dressing that tasted EXACTLY like the jalapeno ranch I covered everything with at Chuy's when I lived in Texas. I also ordered chips and queso, which came with a pretty good salsa and more pico.Drinks! Vanilla coke! Horchata! Tea and lemonade! (See what I mean about options?)Everything is served in foil "to-go" containers, with lids on the condiment bar for easy transport.Next time I go I think I'll try one of the tortillas they seem so proud of. Oh, and visit their website and click "I don't care" down toward the bottom. You'll thank me.
3	I'm not a big fan of Mexican food so I ordered what I thought to be the "safest" choice on the menu- the sweet pork tacos. I would have ordere the grilled steak or chicken but I don't want to pay the extra $1. I ordrered 1 sweet pork taco meal that came with rice and beans. I thought that paying $7 for a meal with no drinks is pretty steep. Overall, I paid $8.50 for my food and drink. The pork was pretty good- it lives up to its name- "sweet" indeed. For all you guys out there who like your meat savory, order something else. Also, I felt rushed when ordering. It seems like the staff wanted their line to move as fast as possible. I felt that  giving me 3-5 seconds to decide on what I want in my taco was a great inconvenience. Overall, the sweet pork taco was good and the service was mediocre.
3	This place is set up like Chipotle or Qdoba or any of those places. I ordered a burrito with sweet pork, enchilada style. The meat was very sweet, good, but maybe a bit too sweet. I'd try the steak or something else next time.The rest of it - tortilla, sauce, rice, and cheese - were good but not great.Overall, it was tasty, but I think I prefer Pancheros, then Chipotle, then Qdoba.
5	WARNING!! THIS PLACE IS DANGEROUS!! Look, I love Mexican food and yes I understand that RIo Cafe is the same concept as Chipotle and Qdoba, but according to my eyes and my taste buds, this place is waaaaaay better. And according to my wallet and my checking account waaaay more expensive too, almost double =S (hey nothing is perfect). First of all the tortillas are AMAZING!, they are made right there in front of your eyes, all the ingredients and fresh, and they give you so much food! I confess that I am piggy, I eat A LOT, but when I go to Rio, I never finish a meal. My favorites are the salmon salad, the nachos (hey I'm a girl still growing up haha), and the tacos. I like the barbacoa, it's just that sweet kick in that pork that I love so much! I have to make a confession: Yes, I agree, it is DELICIOSO to eat here, but a little too expensive for my budget, HOWEVER... I keep going back.... why?? Because they have the BEST Horchata I've ever had in my life and believe me, I have tried many horchatas in my life.... just sayin'. So go ahead!! Give it a try!!! Even if you don't want the food, go ahead and try that amazing Horchata, DELICIOSO!!  RIQUISIMO!! YUM! =)  Ps.- If you are on a diet, don't even drive near it! Even though everything is fresh, there are a lot of calories on those yummy tacos/enchiladas...even the salads. Read the nutritional facts menu before you order if you are being healthy conscious about what you eat. (see? I care people, I care...)
2	2.4/5  - How can you make Mexican food without any flavor?Ordered the BBQ pork burrito. Heard a lot about and read a lot of great reviews about this amazing BBQ pork. Turns out it is shredded pork with a very bland ketchup/honey sauce on it. I understand it's a chain and you aren't going to smoke the pork or anything that would add flavor during the cooking process but to skimp out and get the cheapest tasting BBQ sauce? Why even try? The other meat choices are shredded beef, shredded chicken, steak, and grilled chicken. The shredded beef didn't look too bad but the shredded chicken was sitting in a bunch of grey water and looked like it came out of a tuna can. The employees screwed up my order a little bit, but I forgive them due to the environment they have to work in. When someone orders extra meat or cheese they all have to scream "extra meat" or "macho man" or something else incredibly obnoxious that I couldn't understand. You can see by their face they are miserable doing it and I don't understand who they are doing it for. Does a customer exist who takes great pride in everyone within earshot knowing the standard is just not enough for them? If the owner or manager of the restaurant is reading this review, KNOCK IT OFF! It's not funny, clever, or whatever else you think it is. If you are looking for better quality Mexican food in the same price range first go to Baja Fresh (or Una Mas in the Bay Area), then Qdoba, then Chipotle.  On the way back I thought about whether there is any reason I would ever go back. The only thing I could come up with is if you really want BBQ and your wife really wants Mexican and you want to be nice and compromise and get a really crappy BBQ Burrito then maybe you go here.
1	Service has become horrible at this place! Todays date..May 31st, 2013 at 8:16pm. I usually go about 5-6 times a month to this location in particular and have noticed it going downhill. Finally this last experience inspired me to write my first Yelp review. Two people in front of me and it took twenty minutes to get through the line. They only ordered one dish each so it's not like I was behind a football team or something. Kid behind the counter was as inefficient as I've ever seen plus looked stoned. Eyes half shut and glazed over. He struggled to put together each meal. African American kid.. All smiles and chatty but to the staff talking and talking to the girl sweeping the floor while the lines just stacking up behind me. Management didn't do a thing.. Most of the people were in back slicing and dicing oblivious to the front. Finally I get my time consuming order 3 tacos. Lol. It's been carried around the kitchen, half forgotten on the grill. Now it's time for checkout. Standing at the register for 5-10 min.. What appears to be a manager rolls past me to grab a drink at the soda machine. Starts chatting up the girl restocking the lids at the soda fountain who I later find out is my cashier.. After they joke around for awhile he rolls back past me and heads back to slicing and dicing in back. Cashier finally comes up.. No sorry for waiting nothing.. Asks me what I had, I reply chicken tacos and ask for a drink. She runs my card, bags the food and walks away.. No have a nice day not a word. I'm home now.. Live less than a mile away started writing after finishing 3 luke warm bland tacos.  Probably not going back. Until they upgrade their staff.  One more thing... Get rid of the singing.. It's demeaning to your staff. I'm sure they don't make a ton of money and to have them drone out some half hearted song about cheese or a new customer is revolting.  And really...after waiting for the length of time it would take to wrap up a meal at a fine dining restaurant.... Do you think my moods going to improve with the staff taking time out to sing?? It only perpetuates the situation. Putting a little more feeling behind the droning isn't going to be the solution either.Definitely need to train your current staff to kick in when there's a wait or higher some new people. I'd get rid of whomever the manager was... Ridiculous!
1	There was a homeless man collecting the trays on the outside tables, didn't think much of it and continued in. Took a few minutes to figure out what I wanted. We proceeded to walk up to order and the homeless man was blocking my way. He smelled like alchohol and tried talking to us. He stood there staring blocking our way until I finally said excuse me and went around him. The workers could see the whole thing!! I tell the worker the man was bothering us and pointed him out. By then the homeless man was at somebody's else table bothering them. The worker did nothing so I told him to get the manager. The manager didn't want to do anything either and tried to laugh it off. Finally she went and told him to leave a good 5 minutes later. Then I got charged for 3 tacos instead of 2! The charge is almost $1 for extra cheese! They put the cheese on the bottom of the taco, I want cheese on top but not for an extra dollar per taco and a song that is sung when you order extra cheese. On to the food.... The pork was dry and flavorless.. The barbacoa was sweet and I really don't want my tacos to taste sweet like candy.Overall I will not return or reccomend. If I want those types of tacos I will stick to chipotle.
1	I saw a similar review to what I am about to write from Bill F down below and I just have to agree and say the same and add to it. Went there on 6/12/13 ... service is HORRIBLE. Went around 9:15 at night still 45min before closing. There are 6 people behind the counter doing work, except actually helping us out. Finally one of them decides to help us (there are two of us no one else in line) Was about the slowest process I've ever seen in my life. took us over 15 min to get through. Part of the problem was NO ONE was helping him. I asked a question about the desserts (as he was making my food) so he had to stop what he was doiong ask, go get someone, etc ... instead of her just taking the initiative.So Service was SLOWWW.Food was OK, above a taco bell but does that really say much?I asked if i could have black beans with my quesadilla, apparently it doesnt come with it and I can't have that. We also bought a burrito and apparently hot sauce is an extra cost, really hot sauce?Anyways this was my 3rd time and last time there.
3	Its good, not great.  Again, is just a Chipotle with more options so if you like Chipotle you will like this place. The way food is served is just like in Chipotle (buffet style) most importantly they also compare in flavor.  Which, in my opinion, is just OK.
5	As a vegetarian it is hard to find fresh fast food to enjoy.  This place is awesome!  I order the tostada every time and have never been disappointed.  Especially on Wednesday when it is the deal of the day and discounted.   They have a wonderful house ranch dressing that is great on all the items as well.  My husband orders the sweet BBQ in burritos and loves it.  It doesn't cost extra for enchilada style which makes seem like you are in a sit down Mexican restaurant.  I would rather go here than any other Mexican restaurant hands down.  I also love the different drinks that they have there which you can't get anywhere else such as mint limeade and many other tasty drinks.  During lunch if you order ahead it's easy to just come and pick up your meals.  They even have a punch card so after you buy 10 meals you get one free.  I LOVE this place.
1	I just finished eating my take-out dinner from CRMG on Camelback.Don't get me wrong, there is a lot of food left, unfortunately it's in the trash can.What I noticed behind the counter was a lot of confusion among way too many high school employees.  It looked like they opened last week, yet they opened at least 6 months ago.I used CRMG online ordering tool.  That worked.  I ordered the beef nachos and a beef burrito.When I dug into my nacho's I didn't like that there was barely any cheese.  Also, they seem to use cheddar which once it cools changes your nachos to NACHO.  Impossible to separate.I gave up on the nachos quickly - no flavor and a pain to eat.  Time for the burrito.What the burrito lacked in flavor, it made up for in size.  What flavor was there, was not what I expected.  I ordered with a medium verde salsa - which it appeared to have - but it also had some kind of enchilada sauce.  The two combined to be inedible.  I ate less than 20% of the burrito before trashcanning it.All in all, it was a wasted $18.50Under no circumstances can I envision a return.
3	The food here is very good, hence the three stars. However that is only part of any dining experience. The service is pretty bad. My wife and I were the only ones in line and it took us 8 minutes to get through. The guy behind the counter kept talking to a guy who had already completed his order. BTW, we have had slow experience at multiple locations. You guys should take a trip over to Chiplote's and learn how to run an efficient line.
4	I stopped in for lunch today.  The portions were HUGE and the toppings were plentiful!  I ordered a veggi burrito.  It was great!  The tortilla was freshly made and the toppings were fresh as well.  Service was quick but the place was super crowded and there wasn't enough seating.  I'm likely to return for dinner but probably not for lunch if I am in a hurry.
3	Stopped by for lunch with a friend one weekday afternoon. I'd heard him talk about this place a few times as its' close to his office so I had high hopes. It's very latin themed when you walk in, bright and cheery colors. I would describe it as a closer to authentic Chipotle. They have burritos, tacos, enchiladas, etc. and you make your meat selection and choose your sides. I had the taco combo with fire grilled chicken, rice, and beans. My mouth started watering as I saw them hand making the tortillas. I paid for our meals, stopped by the drinks and got some horchata (they're selection of jugos looked great), grabbed a seat and dug in. I really liked the tacos. I've never had Chipotle's tacos but these were a mix between street tacos and your taco bell fare, and I thought they were great. The rice and beans were okay. I wish there was one closer to where I live but I'll definitely return.
5	absolutely in love with their tortillas. I like to buy a few to take home & use for tacos and burritos. sold a la carte, one big burrito size or two small taco size sell for $1.
5	Heck yes!! Since moving to the west valley I can only dream of Cafe Rio in Gilbert, but no more! This location is still a drive, but its much closer. I'm still hoping they open one near west gate. Cafe Rio how I love thee, let me count the ways. I was first introduced to it by my boyfriend who went regularly in a different state and swore I would like it, even though I'm not a fan of Mexican (yes! I said it!) I ordered a chicken salad with pinto beans and all the fixings, extra cheese (shredded). As directed by my man I chose the tomatillo ranch dressing. Taste buds delight!!! Fresh quality ingredients. No iceberg lettuce here! Great meat, and no fat/gristle like Chipotle loves to charge you premium prices for. Everything is delicious. I've been going to Cafe Rio now for 4 years and I'm still having a love affair with their salads. I keep meaning to try a burrito but I just can't pass up the crisp coolness of the romaine lettuce and cilantro. Mmmm.
4	I live down the street and have been here several times now. The tortilla shells are warm and fresh and the salsa is really fantastic! Here's the problem: there's WAY to much 'sauce' confined within the meat. By sauce I'm referring what the meat is cooked in. A couple times it seemed like I was eating a taco that had just sauce in it!
4	I decided to come in around lunch time on a Tuesday afternoon. As I was entering, a couple of businessmen were leaving and talking about how busy it gets because of their specials. I knew what they meant when I saw the line but I figured it must move quickly, so I decided to wait...it was lunch after all and a place being jam packed at that time is generally a good sign.The special on Tuesday was tacos for $1.75...beef, chicken, or pork. I ordered one pork and and one beef. With rice, beans, and a drink, my total came to just over $5. Not bad at all. The beef was really good, the pork a little disappointing. Too sweet for my taste. I was happy with the rice and beans and the horchatta hit the spot. Oh..and the TORTILLAS!! Best part of the meal. I ordered my food to go and took it back to work to eat. In the end I exhausted almost my whole lunch break (I was gone for 25 minutes). You can send your order in ahead of time online so you don't have to wait. That may be the way to go for someone who has a short lunch break. I may try that next time.
2	Wow, Mexican food as good as I get in Vancouver.....I have been trying to get my fill on Mexican food while here in AZ and got drawn in to Cafe Rio by their fresh homemade tortilla sign. It is kind of sad when the tortilla is the highlight of the meal. I ordered the Maria Enchilada with medium salsa and had pico de gallo on the side. It was so devoid of flavor, spice or heat that I would consider it the equivalent of Mexican baby food. There are so many other better places to go.
4	Pork tacos are real good.  My wife likes the pork salad.  All tacos are quite good.
3	This place is like Chipotle or Qudoba, except  not as good as either one.I only had the salad there and nothing else so this review is based on that, but I could still see everything everyone else was getting and it didn't look too much better. They make fresh tortillas which is nice, but it is sort or counter to the store bought type consistency of the guacamole. I prefer Chipotle, Qudoba, and Gadzooks to Cafe Rio.
3	Came again on a Tuesday but I swear the sign today said that the tacos were $1.95. I opted for a burrito and was fairly underwhelmed. I got the beef which was good, but when I got it enchilada style I asked for mild sauce, not knowing it was green. My fault I guess. You know when you get mild and it ends up having a little spice? Not here. Mild = tasteless. if there is a next time, I'll have to get the medium or something hotter.The people behind the counter scream things to one another and then they all repeat...I think it's supposed to be entertaining but it's obnoxious. Maybe I'm just yelping while grumpy...
2	This place is gringo heaven, the music is much louder than it needs to be , the food is average by the time you stand in line and order, wait to pay and get to your table your food is less that hot. A co worker recommend this place trust me there are to many good Mexican hole in the walls that are clean and have great food in this neighborhood
2	Great food, I would come here for the handmade tortillas. The service on the other hand is terrible. On the 4 occasions I have been here I have always had some problem with the service. They do not communicate with each other well. I wanted a veggie salad and the first guy put meat on it, than the cashier charged us for the guacamole (which comes with the veggie option) and she charged us for the meat after we told someone 3 different times that it was suppose to be veggie. It is a cool environment but service needs work
4	Very delicious pulled chicken tacos. The rice was undercooked, but the tacos are so good. It's my new fave taco place.
4	Best flavorful food out of all Mexican fast casual restaurant chains.  My favorite two items are the tacos and the salad.  The tacos with grilled chicken rock!  I added some of their ranch dressing and special crumble cheese to mine and they were wonderful. The taco salads are great also.  Lots of flavor.  Unlike other previous reviewers I do not need a concierge to work my way through a fast casual restaurant.  Read the website, take more than 2 minutes to read signage and ask questions if needed.  Staff is friendly sometimes a little slow in the head but I don't consider this full service.  They have daily specials unlike chipotle or Qdoba and outdoor seating options.  Check out the drink options,  amazing refreshing choices like sugar free strawberry lemonade.  Delicious
2	If you like soggy, mediocre burritos and rude service, this is the place to go. This is the Southwest.  There are too many quality options out there to waste any time or money on this place. Go to Gadzooks or Filibertos if you're looking for some fast Mexican food.
3	I lived by the first Cafe Rio ever (provo, ut)and have been eating there a couple times a week since.  I used drive to Gilbert on weekends to get my fix so I was so excited when they opened up by home.  The opening crew was energetic and refreshing at first but now the crew is cranky!  They act as though you are bothering them being there! I can't believe how much slower they are now without the originals there. I will give props to the Same great food and our sweet lady who works both in dining room as well as in the back... restocking the food! Hey name falling me now,  but she is the BEST! Her love and smile is the ONLY thing that makes me come back to this location. Please find a crew who represents your brand better... there is no love anymore
4	I've always loved this place. You have to try the shredded beef salad. It's the best thing on the menu by far! And the house dressing is delicious. Kids get a free cheese quesadilla when you order an adult entree which is great. This specific location has never had super friendly employees... I just remember the Gilbert location being so nice and this one is lacking in that department.
4	I love this place.  One of my favorites from now on.  I had their shredded pork salad and the nachos, Yummy!  =D
5	Cafe Rio is addictive.  Their sweet pork (marinated in Dr Pepper I hear) is some of the best I've had.  Their tortillas are fresh and taste amazing.  Their tres leaches is fantastic and I really enjoy the horchata.  This is a much more authentic and tasty alternative to Chipotle.
4	So I was in Vegas on business and my client took me to eat here (at the Vegas location).  It was awesome!  When I got back to AZ i Googled them to find a location close to me.  Well there are none that are really close to me, but I went out of my way to eat here and show this place to my wife.  For some reason it was not as good as the location in Vegas but it was still very good. Whenever I am in their neck of the woods I will hit it up.
3	100x better than chipotle or the like. Tortillas are made fresh, everything tastes fresh and flavorful. I had the burrito made enchilada style with hot sauce and cheese, baked. Few downsides - it's a little pricier than competitors, the salt level is on the high side for the meat, and some of the staff can be rude. But it's totally worth it for the food that you get.
4	Great food! nice place, staff if very friendly! They got my vote!
1	This restaurant has the worst customer service I have ever experienced. The person serving me rolled her eyes when I asked to not have cheese on a tortilla (I had never been given a choice). The other person literally did not guide me through any choices (he said "what do you want?"). Then he walked away in the middle of serving my sister. Awful awful. I asked for a manager and the person at the cash register looked at me like I was crazy. I will never go back. This place needs a manager and a major customer service overhaul.
2	I have eaten here 3 times now. Each time I keep hoping I will like it more and more. Nope. I really liked the ranch tamitillo dressing, but the meat was not as tasty. The pork was too sweet for me.
1	SUPER SLOW! Never been to such a slow Cafe Rio. There was no one in line, but it too 10-15 minutes to get food. Poorly organized staff.
5	I LOVE CAFE RIO!! I have been going to various locations for about eight years and I LOVE their pork! YUM! YUM! It is VERY unique. Try it out (: Even my super picky mom likes it. Wow!
2	To paraphrase Woody Allen, "Such bad food, and such small portions".Like Chipotale/Qdobe/America's Taco Shop but not as good.The good: Fresh tortillasThe bad: Everything else. Service was bizarre. Weird combination of personalized, non-personalized and uncaring. I asked for my burrito as dry as possible and they made it sopping wet. Literally dripping out the tortilla in multiple places so I had to knife-and-fork it. Pork barbacoa was unique and sounded great but was not very good -- waaaay too sweet. Going down the service line, they asked me what kind of salsa I wanted ("none, thanks") and proceeded to dump a bunch of cheese inside my burrito without asking: "Um, I'm sorry, but I didn't ask for cheese and can't have any""We put cheese in every burrito""You asked me what kind of menu item I wanted, what kind or rice, what kind of beans and what kind of meat, but you just put loads of cheese on everything without asking?"*Rolls eyes and remakes burrito and begins to fold it*"Excuse me, can I get lettuce in it?""It goes in the oven, so we don't put it inside (places in oven), you get lettuce on the side""But......."So I can't have what I want or the way I want it. Got it.To boot, a relatively small portion and about $1 more expensive than Chipotle/Qdoba, etc.No thanks. I'll go anywhere else.
2	I keep going back to this place because I love their salad bowl; however, I hate how every time I go my salad gets smaller. Also, I do not like that they move so fast even if I am the only person in line...give me some time to be able to tell you what I want on my order without rushing me like there is no tomorrow. The staff is friendly do not get me wrong, but they just need to chill a little....
5	The salmon tacos are awesome. My coworkers and I are here every Friday without fail. The special drinks are great. I like the mint lime.
5	Great food. Excellent value and great service. Always suggest the salad with the sweet pork Barbacoa. Excellent choice try it.
4	I am so excited that they opened a Cafe Rio here in Phoenix! Their fresh tortillas are AMAZING! I love getting their Salads with chicken and their house ranch dressing is to die for! I think that is one of the reasons why I go there! I just wished they had a few more options for toppings! I will be back!
1	3 words: blah, blah, and blah. Food is bland. Staff demeanor was poor. Would go back only for the homemade tortillas.
5	Love this place! Such tasty burritos. What's not to love? Fresh made tortillas right in front of you, tasty meat choices ( I like the sweet pork!) and make sure to get it enchilada style to get it smothered with awesomeness! Then get ready for some tasty hot sauce variety to choose from. I'm proud to say I overheat every time I come here. Thanks Cafe Rio, I heart you
5	This is literally my favorite place to eat in the entire world. If I was on death row a sweet pork burrito smothered in medium sauce would be my last meal. Go out of your way to try this place out. Everything is good on the menu and they have taco Tuesdays.
5	This place is great you must try the sweet pork it is great I went here the last two days in a row and loved it Tuesday was taco Tuesday and tacos are only 2 dollars and wed I got the tostada with pork it can with a drink for free
4	Looks gross from the outside, I was so hesitant when my friend suggested this place for dinner! When you walk in, it is pretty cute looking. Casual dining but cute decor and clean. I ordered tacos and my friend had the quesadilla. The best part was the fresh tortillas which were fried up on the grill and nice and crispy! The carnitas I has were delightful but very greasy. The grease was dripping all over, gross. It didn't impact the taste too much however.  I had rice and beans on the side. They were not tasty. A little overcooked I think. I couldn't even eat them and I'm not too picky.To drink they have everything you could imagine and traditional Mexican faire. I had horchata which was good. Very cinnamony and heavy.
5	This place tops chipotle HANDS DOWN. If your in and you like sauces- there are a ton to choose from. Also- get their special sauce. I think it's a chipotle ranch. They charge 50 cents for a small side and a dollar for a large but trust me, it's worth it! The service has always been good- but let's be honest- this place is all about that GOOD FOOD.
1	I thought I'd try this place again, but that was a bad decision! My salad had watery brown lettuce, brown watery guacamole and was honestly just gross. It is over $10 for a salad here and that is crazy to me since its neighbors are Gadzooks and Chipotle where I can get 4-5* quality for at least a couple of dollars less.
1	I've been here a few times in the past. It was decent food, quick and easy for a school night. However, the last time I went here will be the last the last time I ever go again! I took an order of the chips and salsa to go. About half of the container of salsa gone. I notice a broken rubber band floating in it. Absolutely disgusting! Nope! Nah uh never again. Don't eat here people.
4	Good food, I waited in line for about 30 min tho, I'm not sure if it was totally worth it
1	This place has gone to down hill in the last year. I used to come here once a week, then biweekly, then monthly, now here and there. Today the chicken had to be soaked in 4 cups of salt. Had to choke down the tacos I ordered. Rather eat that then change the order cause the awesome staff will have you wait 10 mins and then miss the order. Now they had a coke bottle on display on the edge of the counter with a stupid sticky note "now selling" that another customer knocked over on accident, CAUSE IT WAS ON THE EDGE! Then they clean up the glass but not the coke so it's now sticky all over the floor. Napkins, straws and lids all left over the floor. Garbage cans overflowing and the staff screwing up your order 99.9% of the time! No thanks, rather go to chipotle or qdabo as it's much better and your food isn't drenched in grease. The owner should really analyze this place and evaluate the staffing.
5	First of all, their tortillas are life.When I went I ordered chicken tacos, with rice and beans on the side, of course. Let's just say I was silent the entire time because that was how much I enjoyed my food. As I said the tortillas were amazing and the meat was perfectly juicy.The feel of the overall restaurant was great. They played good music, it was clean and had a positive atmosphere from all the bright colors everywhere.
3	Pretty neat place. I'd never seen this chain before. I got a burrito with grilled chicken, enchilada style. SUPER glad I got it enchilada style--that sauce is great! I wish, however, that I got shredded chicken. Oh well. The burrito is a good size; I split it with a friend and we were both fill at the end without being stuffed. I'd definitely come back!(One thing I thought was weird though, is the price for the quesadilla was more than the burrito! Wonder why?)
2	meh :/
4	The fresh tortillas, the sweet sweet pork Barbacoa and the mild tomatillo sauce are absolutely delightful. All wrapped up enchilada style? Perfection.Rice and pinto beans are very flavorful and complete a wonderful dish.No fan of the disposable aluminum plates though :/
1	I used to love this place, and even thought it was better than Chipotle until the last few times I went here.  Last Friday I decided to stop in after work and pick up two steak salads for dinner.  For one, the staff doesn't listen to a word you say and you're constantly having to repeat yourself which is really annoying.  I was watching the employee make my salad and noticed that she barely put any rice in the salads, so i asked for extra rice.  She moves onto the steak and she barely put any steak on the salad, which highly annoyed me.  I would've asked for extra steak but I knew they would charge me for it.  The next employee who handled all the other condiments was super slow and didn't listen worth a shit.  I told him easy on the lettuce and his idea of easy and mine are too seperate things.  I always ask for two extra dressings because we love it that much, and we always know that there is an extra charge for it which is fine.  I get up to the register and my jaw almost dropped at the cost, it was $26 for two salads.  Two salads that barely had any meat, very skimpy on the condiments, the tortillas were like rubber, and there was more lettuce than anything else.  I was in a rush and just wanted to get home after a long day at work.  I reviewed my receipt and noticed they charged me extra for the rice, which highly pissed me off.  My fiance called them and asked them if they charge for extra rice and he was told that since we both had rice and beans they will charge you for an extra side if you request extra rice and/or beans.  That is absolutely ridiculous!  I know for a fact that rice and beans aren't that expensive, especially when you're buying in bulk.  For shits and giggles we went to their website and put together an online order, and we made sure to ask for extras and we were shocked at the prices they are charging people.  Here's the breakdown of what all the "extras" condiments will run you:Sour Cream +$.59Guacamole +$1.99Cheese +$1.00Chip Strips +$1.00Pinto Beans +$1.00Black Beans +$1.00Shredded Cheese +$2.00Rice +$1.00Steer clear of their guacamole because they let it sit out for too long, and then the guacamole turns a lovely brownish-green color.  Don't even waste your time voicing your issues with the manager.  He's useless, rude and needs to get off his Cafe Rio high horse.  He once talked shit to me because I told him that I didn't want a lot of lettuce on my salad.  He scoffed at me and said, "What's the point in even getting a "salad" if you don't want lettuce on it?  It's kind of stupid, don't you think?"  I let that snide remark slide and still decided to return, but after this last visit I'll never return.The reason why I gave this place 1 star is because they don't have an option for 0 starts.  I think this place sucks and I think that they're knickle and diming their customers.  We'll stick with Chipotle where you can get as much extra rice and beans as your little heart desires.  Plus, I can feed two people with a bag of chips w/ salsa & guac, two burrito bowls with extra meat for $21.
5	Their tortillas taste identical to mama's homemade, which she learned to make in Mexico from a recipe passed down to her from my grandma. I had a vegan salad and all the items were well seasoned and fresh.
1	Came, ordered my food, as I was waiting to pay I see the girl making the food change out the trash and not change gloves before making the next persons food.The managers at this location aren't worth their salary, they can care less about the location and how it's ran, they're just in it to collect a paycheck.
3	The tortillas are fresh and made in front of you. ... such a change from what passes as a tortilla on the east coast.  This takes the baja fresh experience up a level. The pork is very good though a bit on the sweet side. Standard taco was served with lettuce tomatoes and pico. Rice and black beans accompanied the meal. Drinks are mostly soft drinks, though they serve house made limeade as well. The biggest downside of the location is the high ceiling industrial look, which combined with the loud music and the tile floors makes it impossible to carry on a conversation.
1	It sucks.  Guy making the burrito refused to put pico and lettuce in the burrito.  I know how it goes normally, but refuse?  That's just strange.Update:  It tastes like a brick of salt!DO NOT GO HERE
4	Been meaning to try this place and finally did. The atmosphere and aromas were telling me it was the right choice. As you walk into the line, you can see that the tortillas were being made fresh. Big plus! I ordered the burrito with the chile roast beef, black beans, rice and medium sauce. Then decided to make it enchilada style with the hot sauce. It was a huge portion. I also ordered a mint limeade. The burrito was good but way more rice and beans than meat. The red (hot) sauce on top also had a sweet component I wasn't fond of. The limeade was refreshing. Overall, I enjoyed it and live really close so I will definitely be back. I feel like there is a flavor combination that will really seal the deal for me. I just have to go back til I find it!
3	This place is a mixed bag for me. I want to give this place 2.5 stars so since i cant ill go 3. It reminded me of a chipotle with a trendy dining room. I like chipotle and the flavor of the food was good. So that's a good thing...The downside was the price. I had a steak burrito with a small drink for nearly $13... that's way to expensive.  Plus the burrito is 1/2 full of rice. I'm sorry but I can get a carne asada from a local taco shack with x2 the meat for 1/2 the price. So all in all decent food and very high prices. Will likely just take my business to somewhere I feel I get a better value.
5	I always get the steak salad here, it's so flavorful. Try it with the vinaigrette! Me and my friend came in half and hour before they closed on a Tuesday and Edwin was the absolute NICEST employee we've ever experienced. We usually just came for the food because most of the time the service was sub par but Edwin made us feel welcome, appreciated, and made sure we were happy with our meals!
