4	Went for a quick lunch with two coworkers and I was pleasantly surprised on my first visit. First impressions were that it was a very clean establishment and the counter help made me feel welcome. The menu was easy to figure out and the staff was very helpful explaining some of the more esoteric offerings. I had the fish and chips and it was excellent! Lightly breaded fillets that tasted like fish and the fries were seasoned with oregano and they were really good! Coworker 1 had the chicken wrap and it looked delicious filled with big chunks of chicken and Greek vegetables. He really like his. Coworker 2 had a chicken skewer platter with rice, salad and pita bread. He said his food tasted excellent. We shared the humus and to be honest I am not a fan of humus in general but this humus was really good! The owner lady was very involved with the front counter which I always take as a good sign in a restaurant.  I will be back soon! Very good place to eat and the price was not bad at all.
4	So I went here for lunch by myself the other day for lunch and it was just as good as before. A little busier but that is fine. The nice Greek lady behind the counter was really nice. Good food at a good price.
2	This place is a fast foodish style Greek spot where you order at the counter and they bring you your food.The restaurant itself is located on the very west end corner of the complex that houses the AMC Deer Valley 30 Movie Theater and was formerly a Souper Salad. Upon arrival, we immediately encountered a problem while walking up to the restaurant. Something outside smelled like sewer & it was very gross. This seemed to carry into the restaurant a little bit too. Despite this problem, we proceeded to order and try out the place.I ordered up the Vegetarian combo that comes with a greek salad, hummus, tiropita (cheese pie), falalfel and pita bread. My girlfriend ordered a chicken plate that came with thinly sliced chicken pieces, "greek" fries, rice and a salad. My meal was pretty decent, everything was just "ok". Nothing extraordinary or outstanding. My girlfriend didn't like the greek salad dressing, claiming that it tasted too "olivey". She also didn't like the rice, which was pretty plain and didn't taste like lemon whatsoever. The "greek" fries didn't seem very greek at all. They appeared to be non-house made fresh fries with a bit of seasoning on them. She said the chicken was OK.Mid-way through our meal, the Greek music CD that they were playing in the restaurant started skipping. Now we all know how annoying a skipping CD is. It's basically an ear-wrenching, headache inducing nightmare. Not a big problem if they would've fixed it right away, but they let this POS audio-bomb go for at least 10 minutes before fixing it. C'mon guys, get your act together.
3	MGC was good but not great. The building did not smell on the way in, but the entire complex has this issue. It always has. The place is clean and inviting. They had a nice temp for the dining room. The walk up and order style is fine with me. It fits the strip mall it is in. The "Mom" was totally cool, explaining items to new customers and seemed to be having fun too. The food. The gyro was packed full of meat. The meat was good. The pita was good. The Tzatziki was flavorless, the rice was flavorless. On a good note you can have rice, salad, or fries for the same price. This is a nice change. If they could add some more flavor it would be a 4 plus place. I think I will try the burgers. They are handmade and grilled.
3	I love me a gyro. Pronounce them whichever way you'd like, but to me they're always de-li-cous.  And My Greek Corner makes 'em just the way I like to pronounce them. They pile on the meat, tomatoes and onions, and drown the whole think in tzatziki sauce. You can't get better than that! It was filling and messy -- two words that describe my favorite kind of meals. Of course, they've got tons of other Greek food that I have yet to try: spanakopita, tiropita, avgolemono and souvlaki.  Okay, so I have no idea what any of those are (except the spanakopita), but they sound great -- cheese pie, Greek lemon chicken soup and lamb or chicken skewers.  I mean, come on, who doesn't like a pie of cheese?!The place is nice and new, which means clean and fresh and bound to have some flaws. But, I'm okay with that. The real, authentic Greek "mom" as others have mentioned makes it seem semi-authentic and worth coming back for the yummy food.
2	Sorry  Kids it's closed!!  Its soooo sad they were barely open ..
