5	Alberto is the go to guy for gardening work! Very professional and efficient. Alberto came by this past weekend and I told him the bamboo that was planted sheds too much, makes and mess, and I would like that replaced with a jasmine scrub. He also noticed that there was pipe coming from the exterior wall of the house dripping water onto the concrete walkway, which was starting to erode.  He told me he could install a pvc pipe extension that would move the leaky drip into the dessert rock area. I thought that was great initiative. Alberto and his one employee with him completed both those tasks, and also cleaned the backyard, uncovered the water emitters and installed new better ones.
5	Like the other reviewer before me, just go ahead and call Alberto (Roman).  The man!  He came out and turned my overgrown/possibly HOA-violating landscape into what it once was.  I scheduled for him to come by and give me an estimate (he made sure to text me and let me know when he would be there), and when we negotiated a final price, made sure to get the directions and set a specific time/date.  Two days later, he texted me again to let me know when he'd be coming over, and we were good to go.They trimmed the palms (both tall and short ones), removed weeds, raked up all of our leaves and bagged them, fixed the sprinklers, reset the timers for the sprinkling system, and made sure to uproot anything dead or undesirable.  The three-man crew also did this in a timely manner--I happened to be home and the only things necessary were water (I offered) and my approval on the job.  Afterwards, I paid them (accept only cash and check) and they were on their way--with debris and all...NOTHING left for the trash guys to take care of.Bonus: he was finished two hours earlier than he initially thought--even though he had two other guys helping him--so that a 6 hour job was actually done in 4 hours.  At first I figured that they were gonna leave and take a lunch break, then come back and finish, but when they were done, they just rang the doorbell and I was amazed at the drastic improvement.I'll definitely be using this guy again and am glad that I've found my go-to guy for any and all gardening/landscaping issues.  Professional, courteous, affordable, thorough, and efficient.  That's all I've gotta say.  Thanks Alberto (Roman).
5	Wow....I called Alberto cold at 2:30 and he was at my house on the far South side by 3:15.....will repost once the work is done but so far very impressed!
5	I'm REALLY happy!  I spoke to Alberto on 6/24 mid morning and he came over at the end of his day to give me an estimate on yard clean-up and trimming up of a huge Mesquite tree, a couple other trees and some HUGE Oleanders.  He gave a me a price WAY less than someone else and we agreed he would be cover on the 26th. He arrived on time and he and his help did a GREAT job. I'm really impressed! He is also going to help us get rid of some other stuff we have hanging around.  Give him a call - you'll be so glad you did!
1	This review is an honest one. I met with Alberto on Friday he came on time was a nice person gave me an estimate to begin the work the following Wednesday. He gave me a price the price was fair so I accepted his offer. I asked him to come around 8-9am on wednesday because I had a doctor's appt. at 1pm he said no problem and left my house. On wednesday the appt date he did not show up at 8, or 9, or 10am I had to call him and he did not even remember who I was or my address nothing. At first he said "my guys should be there oh there not there I will be there in 30 minutes".  but obviously he could not be here because he did not even no my address or remember the appointment. After 30 minutes 10:30am I called again and then he asked for my address again.  Then he admitted that he had forgotten my appt. because he saw so many people. etc. Oh well, I cancelled completely with him because if this is the way of  starting with a client then it is not very professional and I did not want to have to call every other week to get him to come and do the job. Sorry, I don't feel he is realiable.
1	HORRIBLE. HORRIBLE. HORRIBLE. Came out and made an estimate for free, which was great. Told me that my sprinkler system wasn't directed the right way and turned the water to it ON in both my front and back yards without even asking. Told me he'd be back next week to fix everything and then when it started flooding and we didn't know how to stop it because it was being misdirected he told us to call someone else and hung up on me. THANKS A LOT, if I didn't have someone come fix it then I would take the complaint from the HOA for our flood to the better business bureau. Plus they came an hour earlier than I'd made the appointment for. Just NO. Alberto sucks.
5	Alberto took care of my weed removal for HOA notice. Easy to deal with and he told me to call anytime I get a notice and he'll take care of it. Very reasonable.
5	Alberto is the owner and is hands on, We have been using him for a long time and he truly is very good, he knows what he is doing and he gets it done, our landscaping looks great and Alberto is reasonable with his prices and I may add that he his honest and trustworthy.                                         Richard & Susan of Henderson
