4	The burgers here are pretty average.  Thin, flat, kind-of greasy patties with lettuce and tomato.  But what sets this place apart is their other offerings.  My husband got the tri-tip steak sandwich and he said that it was delicious.  The meat was very tender and cooked perfectly.  I loved the fact that they serve sweet potatoes fries.  Those have become very popular lately but this is the only fast food place I know of that has them.    The ones I tried were cooked perfectly and very lightly salted.  The onion rings were also cooked just right with no soggy pieces.  I thought that the batter to onion ratio was slighly scewed toward the former but my hubby thought they were perfect.  Their regular fries are also very good.  I tried the chocolate shake and it was really yummy too.  I think its great that you can get a veggie burger here as well as a tuna steak sandwich.  The extra toppings they offer such as sauteed mushrooms, avacado, and teriyaki and BBQ sauce are all a big plus as well.The decor is simple since it is a fast food joint.  The booths were big and comfy and the faux leather looked slightly more upscale than you would expect.  We went on opening day so the service was phenominal.  We didn't have to wait long for our order and everything was to our specifications.  Servers came by serveral times to pick up trash and offer to refill our drinks.  The restroom was very small but clean. I try not to eat fast food too often but I will consider coming back next time I am craving a burger.  Or maybe I'll give one of their salads a try.  They earned a repeat visit from me and an extra star since they donated 100% of their opening day profits to Phoenix Children's Hospital.  A big thanks to Sarah S for posting that on Yelp events page so that we could contribute... and fill our bellies!
5	My picks:Mushroom Swiss Charburger on SourdoughFresh Albacore Tuna on WheatOnion Rings with the Habit's Fresh RanchChocolate ShakePlus I love that the owners give back to the community through grand opening events and fundraisers!
2	In the hyped world of burger mania, it seems the concept is more important than the flavor. Given the name Habit Burger, I had high hopes that it would indeed become a habit. Maybe they are having some start up issues which explains the luke warm fries. The burger, however, is anything but habit forming. The beef was tasteless and didn't have a chance against the strange sauce that oozed from my sandwich. The lettuce was shredded to a point where I thought maybe it was meant as food for small reptiles. I'm sure some folks will make it a Habit. For me taste is most important which is why I will cross over the freeway and hit 5 Guys. Better burgers and better fries period.
3	Not bad. Today was the second time I have had their food, but the first time I dined in. We had burgers--double cheeseburger for me and bacon cheese burger for my stepson. They should be better. They are charcoal grilled from what I understand, but I can't taste it. The meat tastes pretty much like a standard fast-food burger. Not bad, mind you, but not great. That said, their fries and onion rings were good. Next time I want to try the tri-tip sandwich and others in my house want to try the albacore tuna. Others have raved about those. Of course, this is a fast food place (but it is not fast, everything is made to order), so the decor reflects that. No points off for that since it is exactly what you would expect. Service was good. In all, a decent place and a good addition to the neighborhood. Maybe I can bump it up a star after I try the tri-tip.
4	Good burger good value.
5	Saw this place in the Yelp email.  Needed to take my son to Toys R Us to use a gift card and it occurred to me that Habit Burger was right there, so I suggested we have lunch there rather than the usual McD's.  I temped him with the offer of a chocolate shake.I was amazed with the cleanliness and brightness of this place.  There was a line when we got there, but it moved quickly.  The tables were packed but we managed to snag a 2-top pretty soon after getting in line.  My son had the kids grilled cheese meal (something you don't find at your standard fast food place) and I had a charburger.  We shared his fries and the shake.OMG - the burger was heavenly!  The roll gets a little grill to it so it has a little crunch on the inside.  It was not greasy at all, just tasty and soooo good!  The fries were equally ungreasy and good - crunchy too.  The chocolate shake - my son only had about 3 sips which left me to drink the rest of it (dang it) - was absolutely delish.  And the prices were outstanding!Its a good thing there isn't a Habit Burger closer to my house.  I'd eat there all the time!  Five Guys?  Forget em!!!
4	wow what a nice find in chandler. the burger was wonderful and the menu has all kinds of good things..and the prices were not high. it beat a wendy's burger by a mile.  friendly staff ..can't wait to go back
5	Great Food Great Service....
3	It's lunch time I want a burger and my lunch crew wanted to try this spot... I had been to the other one so I am always up for trying a different local... We entered the restaurant it was so packed not a free table in site... The staff I must say was so friendly and kept asking if we needed anything after we snagged a table just by luck... I ordered the Mushroom Swiss Charburger and an order of fries... I rate the experience as followed.Mushroom Swiss Charburger - BFries - C+Staff - A+I am still not really impressed enough to change my burger spot... But it will work as a great change every so often.
4	Heard about the hype so decided to try it with some friends one day for lunch. The place was packed! The burgers had a nice flavor with a good selection of toppings to make it different. The onion rings were very good. The staff was excellent and during the busy lunch they had a guy out on the floor cleaning tables and making sure every one had what they needed, impressive. Ordering with 2 the lines was a bit chaotic the day I went, but hopefully that will work itself out.
2	Ok so again I have been hearing all the rave about The Habit Burger, a California burger joint to hit the Valley, was told it is better than IN-N-OUT, man do I love my animal style! Oh anyways back to the Habit,The joint itself is a cute little place, clean and the staff is friendly, the menu, someone simple, a few burgers to choose from, some sandwiches, fries, sweet potato fries, onion rings and I'm sure I'm missing something but oh well you get the point.Ok I ordered the Teriyaki Charburger with swiss cheese, I am a huge lover of teriyaki burgers, let's just say I was sadly disappointed. The burger was bland, lacking in flavor, my taste buds were expecting to be hit with the sweet pineapple and tangy sauce, but was left with everything tasting like it was washed in water, the pineapple, grilled onions, tomato, cheese and lettuce just was all mush, so sad.  The sauce was watery and just dripping out of the sandwich, and not watery in a finger lickin good way, like the sauce whatever it was, was watered down to last longer.  I ordered French fries, which I was told after I ordered I should have ordered the onion rings, but hey fries are fries right?  Sadly no, they were fried good, but lacking in flavor, like maybe The Habit is scared to add salt or even pepper, the hamburger patty could have benefited from a hit a or 2 too! And I don't even like salt or cook with salt.   But the Onion rings I did try and they are pretty damn sweet, but that's not enough to warrant another trip for me.I asked for a side of ranch dressing, thinking sweet!! love fries with some ranch, again hit with sadness, the ranch dressing has suffered the same watered down effect and just runs off your fries, didn't even try to stick around :o(Ok not everything is bad, on their sidebar you can get those hot little yellow peppers , jalapenos, and pepperoncinis, so the side of me that craves the burn of spicy food, got all happy!!! Those little yellow peppers didn't disappoint! I really did want to like the Habit Burger, but it just didn't happen.  I do wish Yelp would come out with  1/2 stars cuz then my rating would be a 2  1/2 Stars.
4	These $10 a burger joints are popping up all over the place.  This one is much like the others, except for I found the burger piled high with fresh lettuce and tomatoes AND they offer more than just burgers.  Salads, chicken & filet of tuna sandwiches are on the menu.  Yes, they even have something for vegetarians.  I also loved the fact that they lightly toast the bun, it's the little things!Their fries were good and their vanilla shake.....was awesome!  Next time I'll try the chicken sandwich and the sweet potato fries.  There's my excuse to go back.
3	I was confused by the cheap price of the burger on the menu and then the amount I paid when all was said and done. Holy Hannah! It seemed so affordable but I ended up paying more then I meant to. Things just added up quickly....As far as the burger it was pretty good. I am not entirely sure what was on the charburger but I enjoyed it.  It had mayo, lettuce, tomato, onion on it. I guess the nice flavor was the combo of the grill and the fact that the onions are caramelized (according to the online website I just looked at). The sweet potato fries were awesome and nice to have with a fast food burger.I think now that I know the prices I won't be so unpleasantly surprised by the price when I go next time.
4	A little pricey, but I haven't eaten anything there that I didn't like. Milkshakes were cloyingly sweet and I couldn't finish mine. Burgers, fish, and steak sandwiches were delicious. Fries are average. Nice, well-executed decor.
3	Took my family here for dinner.  The hamburgers were really good.  I had the regular charburger, and i liked it quite a bit.  It was better than most of the fast food chains, but I'd rank it below the higher end burgers from places like Fuddruckers or Red Robin.   For the price though, I was very satisfied.  My 8 year old really liked her charburger with cheese, but my other daughters did not like the grilled cheese at all.  I was not impressed by either the regular or sweet potato fries, but the onion rings were good.  We did not get any dessert, although the sundaes and milk shakes looked really appealing.  We'll try those next time.
4	Random late night craving for burgers led me to this place, and I am glad it did.  They have the best burgers/sandwiches I have ever had from a "fast food" place.  Fresh ingredients, well cooked, and overall a good experience.I had their BBQ Bacon Cheeseburger, and also tried their Fresh Albacore Tuna.  Both were delicious, but I was extremely impressed with the latter.  Every ingredient was good on its own, but they really came together in the right proportions in that sandwich.  Lastly I love that they have sweet potato fries, because I am not really a fan of regular fries, and they are a welcome alternative.
4	Burgers and Sweet Potato fries were good. Good Service
4	Sometimes, ya just need a good old American burger. Being from Tempe, I'm pretty loyal to Chuckbox but a friend told me I had to try The Habit and I loved this place! I ordered the traditional cheeseburger...they use american cheese, mayo, thinly sliced romaine(5 Stars for that!), pickles - and the best part - the meat was perfect for me. Not a big fan of beef so I liked the size. I forgot to mention - all this wrapped up nicely on a sesame seed bun. The photos of Santa Barbara hanging on the wall threw me off... but after a quick Google search I realized this place isn't a new kid on the block and just some corporate chain. It has a cool story and brothers bought out a burger joint in 1969 in Santa Barbara (obbbbviously) and have recently branched out. Very fresh ingredients....will definitely be back.
1	Gave this place two chances.  The first in Santa Barbara and was just ok. The 2 nd time here and there was absolutely NO taste to the meat.  I'm over it and back to other establishments.
4	Very good sweet potato fries.  The avocado chicken sandwich was very good.  A little pricey for what it is, but a solid choice.
4	fairly typical quick serve burger joint. In the vein of In & Out or Five Guys. Overall, pretty good. Quick line, good burger, and crispy fries. Would go again.
4	Ahwatukee has seen a lot of burger shops pop up lately and this one is a good one.Originally from Santa Barabar, Ca these people have figured out how to make a good burger.Toasted bun, less than 1/4 patty (so if you are a big eater, get the double), lettuce, tomatoes, grilled onions, pickles and mayo.  This is a pretty good combo as it comes but I added mustard (I like it spicy) and cheese (extra fat = extra taste).I'm not a huge eater and this one patty was more than enough, especially since I ordered fries. Fries are good - good size in fry length and quantity.  They do offer sweet potato fries but I have not tried them yet.They offer a chicken, fish and meatless option as well.If they had a drive-thru I would probably be here more often!! (hint)
4	Pretty darn good burger and sides. Still not as good as In N Out but few places are. Love the sweet potato fries and chocolate malt.  I wish they had more options as to fixings but it was still ok and I will go back.
3	Very good tri-tip sandwich. They always seem to be out of stock on something. Been there three times and they've never had all the ingredients for vanilla malts.
5	I now know why it's called "The Habit." Very good burgers. The coal burgers are very fresh and tasty. Additionally, there's an assortment of sauces they offer to top your orders. I've loved In-N-Out Burger for years, and this is the first time I've had burgers comparable to, if not better than INO.
4	Yummy!!!  Just found this place today. We were told they have been open for about 6 months. Everything is fresh and made to order. I had the veggie burger on wheat, which was not even remotely dry (wow!) and the avocado made it more excellent. My friend had the Albacore sandwich (not breaded-yay!), which was firm, juicy and not fishy!  My daughter had the Chicken Cobb salad which was a nice size (not huge, not tiny) and the chicken was REALLY juicy also. My son had a double cheeseburger which tasted just like a fresh burger should taste. Moist but not too greasy. The bun was SUPER soft. Go for the sweet potato fries.  Also, All the nutritional info is on their website. The tuna sandwich is only 390 and the veggie burger is 470. We'll be back.
2	This is one habbit I don't think I will be picking up. While it may not be a bad habbit I think there are better ones to be had.Inside it looks like fast food a counter, menu above condiment station and tables, But here you get a pager Vs a call, and the prices are a bit higher. I had a albacore tuna sandwich, $5.75 a thin slab of tuna on a huge bun with tons of tartar sauce and lettuce.  It was not bad but I like fish and don't need to only taste the sauce. For a side I had the onion rings $1.95 they were not special at all with a breadcrumb type coating and thin onions inside. Overall I was unimpressed and the vlaue was not quiet there.
5	My family loves this place! The burgers are made fresh to order and their sweet potatoes fries are delicious.Employees are very friendly and helpful. We have always received excellent customer service. Five stars!!
2	Decent food for a good price. Not spectacular by any means but prices are good given the size of the burgers and sandwiches. The sweet potato fries are good, onion rings are average and the service is ok. Probably wouldn't go back though. Many other, better choices in the area.
4	burgaaaaaaaaaars!!!!! DEEEELICIOUS burgars! yes burgars with an A, the letters dont run me! The Habit Burgars are something out of this world. A completely different beast than that of the In N Out variety. Less greasy than In N Out, I would say slightly tastier than In N Out, but as claimed a completely different beast. Habit has a way of pairing up their burgars with their interestingly yummy fries, sweet potato fries, & motherfuckin' onion rings! Onion Rings!!!!! Holy mother of all that is sweet, crispy, & tasty. This is what you do, if you're a fat as fatass like me, order a Double CharCheez & a side of onion rings, open your burgar, stuff desired amount of onion rings (all of them if you're fat as fatass like me), & reassemble to your liking, add sauces if you wish (I care not much for sauces but sometimes it does not hurt), and then take a bite of your Double CharOnionRingCheez burgar! Heaven.Not so sure about their shakes but one of these days i'm going to have to try one.I know this is the one for AZ but this is the place where i first tried The Habit, so dont knock me chumps!
4	I think out of all the new burger joint chains that have recently popped up this is my favorite.
4	One of the better boutique burger joints out there. Very simple and limited menu, ingredients were very fresh, and there was no excessive wait-certainly not long enough to necessitate a pager system, a la Outback or some other more sit down kind of place.My girl likes the onion rings-the fries were good, but nothing to stand out. The shake was OK, but small for the price.I'll go again if I am in that area, but I wouldn't drive across town for it.
3	"Hamburgers, the cornerstone of any nutritious breakfast."  I could spout off Pulp Fiction quotes all day, but I'm not reviewing Pulp Fiction.  Suffice it to say, I'm a fan of hamburgers and a fan of the fast-casual burger joint trend that is sweeping the Valley.  Habit Burger fits right into that mold.  No drive-thru, but no waiters, and very cheap prices.  (Burgers start at $3.)Habit goes with the model of using thin beef patties that you can double up.  This leads to a less juicy product, but it also leads to In & Out Burger comparisons, and that's a tough standard to compete with.  In & Out is even cheaper and carries the nostalgia factor.  The major difference between the two burgers is that In & Out burgers come with "secret" ketchup-mayonaise and Habit Burger uses only mayo.Habit Burger does offer variety though.  They have solid versions of fries, sweet potato fries, and onion rings.  They have sandwiches of chicken, tri-tip or even grilled tuna.  I actually tried their chicken salad once, which was... fine, I guess?  Chicken over lettuce and a few vegetables.  Boring, meets healthy, meets airplane dinner presentation.There are other perks.  I really liked the chocolate milkshake there.  It was honestly one of the best milkshakes I've ever had.  The jalapeno and pepperoccini bar is a nice touch.  However, I think Habit Burger may be stuck in burger purgatory... or Burgatory, if you will.  (Boo!  I now hate myself.)  For cheap burgers, go to In & Out.  For a better and slightly more expensive carnivorous experience, you're safer with Fatburger or Five Guys.
4	Last nights To-Go order: Char Burger w/avocado. Burger was delicious ~ Yum! Extra crispy french fries were perfect!Price was reasonable for a burger of this caliber. No drive-thruNo waitersStaff very friendlyI WILL BE GOING BACK!!!!
5	If you ask me, it's the best tasting fast food burger money can buy in Arizona.  I usually get the char burger with swiss and bacon - with extra crispy fries & ranch to dip them in.  You cannot go wrong with this meal, the bun is even toasted.  I work a couple miles away and end up going there at least twice a month.  I don't want to ramble, because it doesn't get much better than five stars.
2	At the end of the day food comes down to quality and price.So I had what ever they call a double burger, fries and a soda.  Came to $8.50 tax included.So a couple immediate observations...About price.  I can get the same meal at In and Out for at least $2 cheaper.  I can get a far larger burger at Fudruckers for the same price.So now about quality.  For less money the In and Out burger is far better quality.  For the same amount of money the Fudruckers is far better quality.None of the above is to say that the burger here was bad.  Rather, you can get better quality for less or the same elsewhere.  The only thing unique here is how they cook the hamburger.  But it isn't worth the extra $$ over In and Out and doesn't even approach the higher quality bar set by Fudruckers for the same price.So at the end of the day I'm left trying to figure out what's the big deal is about this place.  Beats the heck out of me.
4	In the mood for a good, cheap burger that isnt In and Out, Five Guys, or from one of the popular national food chains? Go here. Beware the double onions though...
4	This place is so good, I don't know how I've never heard about it since it's been around 40 years in Cali! I love The Habit and it's hard to stay away! :)
4	Well right when I moved to AZ I asked my boyfriend (who has lived here his whole life) to take me to In-N-Out since I heard their burgers were great. BLECH. Talk about  mediocre. So the next time I wanted a burger we came to The Habit and it was soooo much better! I love that their menu doesn't have a ton of options and every time we go they're super yummy. My favorite thing is the teriyaki charburger! Yum.
2	The Habit Burger is a glorified Carl's Junior with not as many options. Your tastebuds will recognize that this is over priced frozen food even though Habit claims their food is fresh and not frozen. This will not become a Habit for me.
2	Totally flavorless.  I'd rather have in-n-out.
3	Dropped in on a Sunday afternoon.  I have been curious to try Habit, having made a tour of the other newish burger joints - Smashburger, Culvers, 5 Guys, etc.  The restaurant itself is stylish and clean, so I liked that.  You order at the counter and get your food when it's ready.The burger was ok, nothing special at all.  The fries were good, and the side salad came with a really delicious balsamic vinaigrette, a dressing I've tired of but decided to try here and really liked it.  The manager stopped by our table which was nice.The menu has other interesting options that we didn't try (tuna steak sandwich, chicken, veggie burger, etc). My 3 star rating is due to the salad, the cleanliness of the restaurant and the attentiveness of the manager.  Otherwise I would have given a 2 star rating due to the very high prices for what you get. Sorry Habit, for a burger I would go elsewhere.
2	This is from a vegetarian visiting so take this with a grain of salt.  I stopped by to try the veggie burger since I was craving some onion rings.  Their veggie burger comes super vegetabled-out with sprouts and cucumbers even as a vegetarian I'm not that big of a fan of cucumbers and sprouts on a burger so I got it with cheese and left off the previously mentioned.  It was pretty dry and over cooked as veggie burgers go with nothing special going on.  If restaurant  is going to have one on the menu at least try to make it better than the freezer section ones.  They must be doing well though I had to wait a really long time for my food even on off hours.  They were busy but they didn't seem slammed for the wait I had.  The onion rings were kinda greasy and the breading was falling off so the main reason I came was a bummer as well.They might be good for the carnivores, but I would skip it if you are a vegetarian and want a burger fix.
4	Good food, fresh food, clean place, very nice and helpful staff. We would give 5 stars but seems like the soda doesn't have the flavor syrup (root beer ) today, last time it was the coke syrup. Still recommend
2	We are repeat customers. Today's visit was disappointing. My wife's burger wasn't fully cooked. The fries didn't seem to be fully cooked either. They were crispy on the outside but hard on the inside. I'm not an expert on cooking fries so I don't know what causes that. The place was clean and friendly. Service was fast, but would have waited a little longer if that's what is needed. We will come back because we have been pleased in the past. Hopefully our experience this visit will be isolated.
4	good burgers. amazing malts!
4	Double Char Burger with cheese was very good.  The burger was juicy and the produce fresh.  It had a great taste.  The fries were simply average, but I also got some onion rings and they were fantastic.  Too much food, obviously, but I wanted to try them both.  Next time I'll go with the burger and onion rings.  Prices are reasonable for what you'd expect at a fast casual type of place.Staff was friendly.  Be ready to wait, however.  There was only one order in front of mine and by the time I got my order it was almost 15 minutes.  As long as you know you will wait a bit, it's worth it.  I'll definitely go again - just wish there were one closer to my house.
4	Hey man, you know I'm really okayThe burger in my belly will tell you sameAnd when I reviewI won't give it crapCause The Habit's burger got me smiling and full!I guess I go to the HabitAnd eating awayGotta go to the HabitAnd eating wayYeah Yeah!(Lyrics - Offspring - Bad Habit)The Habit Burger first started out in the beach fronts of Santa Barbara and soon became a popular local burger joint.  I could see why.  Fresh cut vegetables and charbroiled beef patties on an open flame would drive anyone towards this place; I guess you can call it a habit we all have - wink!  I ordered the Double Charburger, with tomatoes, lettuce, pickles, cheese, and toasted bun.  Needless to say sounds pretty basic, but once you sink your teeth into the warm bun and through the sides; you can taste the nice thin crust created from the charred grill while the beef has that perfect moisture.  The cheese adds that extra ooze of salt and savory.  Add a side of onion rings or fries and we're golden!  I generally don't rave too much about chain restaurants, but I must approve the Habit Burger for bringing out the "Bad Habit" of mines; eating a yummy burger!  Sorry love handles! One of the things I noticed about the Habit Burger Grill is their service.  They are on top of it and know how to sell their menu.  You would order like any other fast food joint, but they seem more passionate and knowledgeable of what they do.  I had a few questions on my first visit and they were all answered.  The server and table attendants were super courteous and friendly.  I appreciate good service since it seem like a dying art, but I make sure to point it out when ever I get a chance.The Habit has a slight beach flare feel, but definitely a modern diner.  Order at the counter and pick a seat, while extra condiments; peppercini peppers, jalapenos, and pickles are readily available at your own risk haha!  I would recommend The Habit Burger Grill to you and see what the people of Santa Barbara of been raving about for years. - Enjoy!
4	I had seen the menu for this place laying around at work and I had assumed that it wouldn't be very good because $2.95 for a hamburger?  Those are fast food prices!  They can't be good quality for that!  My co-workers assured me I was wrong but I took my time checking the place out.That finally changed today when I decided I was bored of every other place I normally go to for lunch and a burger sounded good.  I walked in and was greeted right away (eye contact, smile, everything!).  The girl who helped me was friendly and patient as I took my time ordering since I hadn't been there before.  I ordered the Double Char with cheese and a side of fries to go.  As I was waiting I was happy to see some of the employees going around and wiping counters, sweeping the floors, just doing general cleaning which made me happy because a clean place that serves food is a great place!My buzzer letting me know my food was ready went off pretty quickly but not so fast that I felt like they just grabbed my burger out from under a heat lamp.  The man who gave me my food (possibly the manager) made sure to relay my order back to me to make sure it was correct and offered packets of ketchup for my fries.  He made eye contact the whole time and was also very friendly.  Once I had my bag of goods I couldn't resist reaching in for a fry (or possibly two....) right away.  They were hot, fresh and perfectly cooked!  A nice crunch on the outside but still soft on the outside and the perfect amount of salt.  Once I bit into my burger I was equally impressed.  The meat was cooked about medium so nice and juicy, the cheese was oozing off the sides and the veggies were fresh and perfectly portioned to the burger.  I'm only a little ashamed to admit that I actually finished the whole thing (which is why my next stop after finishing this review is going to be the gym...) because it was so delicious.  I will definitely be making The Habit one of my habits!  Hehe I made a pun!
4	Great burgers! Very tender and juicy, with a tasty resemblance to those of In-N-Out burgers, minus the sauce. The size of the burgers are just right, so you get that bang for your buck. The onion rings are awesome as well, in fact the coating on it is almost sweet - something I've never tried before.
5	Great food everyone. Love the chicken sandwich, charburger and sweet potatoe fries.
5	It's a chain, so if you've been to one this is a good one. Actually received the best service here and food just as good as any other, and fast wait times, that's all you need to know if you've already had one. If you are new to the habit please read on. Better yet just go, unless you cannot make it there this instant in which case read on to see what you're missing out on.Best "fast food" burger I've had. In-n-out, you tried. Five Guys, you did your best, but once you've been here any other chain will become nothing more than a good, but not great memory. It's the perfect combination of a satisfying meal without the subsequent food coma. I don't know how they do the double char so well that it does not feel greasy at all, but still doesn't skimp on the portion or taste.
4	It has been awhile since I went to Habit Burger and I went back a few weeks ago and ordered their new "secret" off menu burger that they just started talking about. I was a fan in the past but I will say I wasn't a fan of this burger. I love sourdough bread but this was very dry. The whole sandwich was dry and they cut the meat then grilled it which dried it out too. I thought they had fallen from grace.So I had to go back and give them one more try since I was such a fan in the past. Maybe I just ordered the wrong thing. Sure enough I did. When I went back I just ordered the regular Double Char with Swiss cheese and everything on it. It was as good as I remember. Whew. I was worried there for a second. It was nice and big and juicy and also cheaper then I remembered. $5 for a double burger that is a lot bigger than other places burgers that are more then $5. What a deal.I am a fan once again and will probably become a regular once again too. I am sorry I ever left.Btw the fries and onion rings are awesome too.
1	First I want to say that I have eaten here a lot and have always loved their food BUT on  5/30/2013 I took a friend their for dinner carryout and it was the worst.  I had the Mushroom Swiss burger with Crispy Fries and he had the BBQ Chicken Salad.1st The salad had all wilted lettuce, little if any tomato and  and the chicken was cold, it looked like they reused it.2nd The burger was real thin and under cooked, not sure how you can under cook a burger that thin, I have had thicker meat at  McDonald's and the fries were just old and reheated from earlier that night.  We both threw it away.  If we had eaten there I would have sent it all back and said something then.  I will never go back........The only reason that I gave it 1 star is because you have to pick one.
5	I love this place! Definitely one of my staple lunch spots. I can get my burger wrapped in lettuce and I can add or subtract anything I want so it's always safe for my food allergies.Highly recommended! Good prices, great food quality, service is friendly, and I have yet to see a mistake!
2	My recommendation,Head over the overpass to 5 guys.  It's next to Einstein's and is a much better burger.  Or, there is always In'N'Out which is still a better fast food burger.  If you're in the mood for a Really Good burger, head out to Old Town Scottsdale and check out Rehab Burger.
5	A tad more expensive than In-n-Out but a price I'll gladly pay. The burgers here are out of this world. PLEASE open a store in the west valley. I hate having to drive 45 minutes for a burger... but I do. That is how good this place is.
3	I'm not a fast food afficianado, but it I have to eat it, I'd rather eat In N Out.  It wasn't terrible, it just wasn't anything amazing.
5	We love The Habit. Delicious burgers and fries! Service is always wonderful and fast. We live in NM so whenever we drive through Arizona it's a must to stop here!
4	Looooong wait time, really good food.I have two kids under 2 and one of them is just nuts, we aren't sure if she has a medical condition or if it's just her being 1/2 Arab. Because of this, we tend to order take-out a lot... A LOT. So... we were out running errands and decided to head to Habit's on our way home, for a take out. My husband ran inside and I waited in the car with my kids.We ordered a kids meal and a cheeseburger with onion rings. It took 40minutes.I'm not going to knock the workers; 2 cooks and 2 cashiers because they busted their asses but what I will say is this to corporate;If your store is short of staff (the restaurant was covered in Help Wanted signs) then you are not ready to run a massive ad campaign. You are going to get a lot of complaints if people have to wait 20,30 or 40 minutes for fast food.PS, the food was great, thank you!
5	By recommendation of someone who said In'N'Out Burger throws off one of her internal organs and not The Habit, I drove the short distance to check it out.I was impressed with my Burger/Fries AND I *loved* the interior - doesn't feel burger'ish style; more contemporary decor. Very Nice. No drive-thru, walk-in only. Friendly staff.I will try the chicken next with sweet potato fries.
5	Back to Habit today!Ordered chicken sandwich and a kid's meal, dine in.The food was out lightning fast this time, probably 10 employees there to cover the rush. Minor complaint... I saw a lot of bodies but only 1 girl on a register at a time. at one point I saw the cashier training another employee.... you would think the manager would have opened up another register instead of letting the line get 3,4 people waiting.Food was excellent as always.Thanks Habit
5	I come from Santa Barbara, home of the original Habit and this is jut as good. So excited to have it close to me. They have taken to stopping by the tables to ask if you need drink refills and opening doors. Friendly faces top quality food. Where I chose To go for my birthday. Love it!
1	Slow service, once you get it lunch is over. Called to inform them, nothing done! Bad Habit!!!
1	Went because we had gotten coupons. We tried the cobb salad and mushroom cheeseburger. Both were really bad. The "salad" was more of a cole slaw and the burgers at McDonald's are much better.
3	Occasionally I crave a good burger and this is one of the places I head. I had the specialty spicy bacon blue burger, which had a chipotle mayo, jalapenos, blue cheese and bacon. The burger was awesome. Cooked perfectly. I just wish they were larger. There're so small all of the time that it makes me sad. While they're tasty, they were not much larger than silver dollar pancackes. The sweet potato fries were almost two dollars while normal potato fries were half that price. Enjoy a vanilla malt with your meal then go buy some beer at BevMo to take home.
5	For a fast food burger place, this place rocks! I've always been an In-N-Out kinda girl (Shhh, don't tell them that) but I decided to give this place a try since I kept passing by and wanted to see what the hype was all about. The burgers are delicious, the fries are always nice and crispy, and their malts are the bomb! If you've never been in the staff is super helpful and offers suggestions for you too. I've tried the tri-tip burger with sweet potato fries as well- YUM! I can definitely see why this place is called The Habit.
3	Our New Years day lunch was pretty good at Habit Burger. The BF got the double char burger and I had the swiss and mushroom burger and we shared some onion rings and sweet potato fries.The food was pretty good. I think it was a tad overpriced being that it wasn't anything fabulous but it was still good. They have a small self serve jalapeno and chili pepper station to spice yup you sandwiches. They also offer some bbq sauces, ketchup, and malt vinegar (which I love, btw). The sweet potato fries were slightly overcooked but the onion rings were really good. I hate when onion rings are loaded with breading and these ones weren't. The burgers themselves were pretty tasty but, like I said, nothing amazing, but not bad either. The restaurant was clean and nicely decorated. The staff was friendly and the manager walked around asking how everyone's lunch was.Overall it was good. Would we come back? Sure!
5	My custom built is the albacore on sourdough, no mayo, extra pickles.  But better than the custom built sandwich is how customer service is handled at this location.  When the sandwich wasn't what I had ordered, management whipped up another and comped a malt.  Smart marketing/ customer satisfaction move as I would not have tried one otherwise.  But did that they already know that?
3	Service was great, employees where helpful and friendly.   Burger was average ... The fries were below average at best they were soggy and lacked salt.
4	Had a tuna burger. Ohhhh sooooo good. Fries are super tasty and I've also had a bacon burger. All very worth it. For a fast food place that's not the same as a traditional fast food, it's awesome. I would say I like it better than in and out. It's restaurant quality that's cheaper and faster!
5	This place is so clean & the staff is super friendly. A great place to dine in at with kids. The food is delish! I had the mushroom burger & my husband had the double char with cheese. They were both very well presented when our order was ready. The taste of these burgers are beyond what we imagined. Freshest, real burger! We will be back to eat here!
4	Food is incredible! From burgers to the chicken sandwich, you cannot go wrong.Tried the tempura green beans last week & would choose those over French fries any day of the week and twice on Sundays!Do be prepared for a wait. Not typical "fast" food & can take over 20 minutes when it's busy...but worth the wait.
4	Awesome burgers! The Teriyaki Char is delicious- not too sweet but just right in my opinion. The real treat here are the tempura green beans- kick the fries' butt any day.
2	Burgers are good but the service is SO SLOW and the lines are always so long.  Food is inconsistent also.  Every visit they are out of something from their menu.  Last visit they were out of avocado.  :(  And that's one of the main reasons I choose there to get a burger.To me, at a minimum, a restaurant should have all of their menu items in stock at all times.  I won't go back, there are plenty of other burger places that also provide good customer service.
3	Habit burger... The food was tasty but I can tell you this burger will not be forming any habits with me. While I love Chargrilled burgers this burger pales in comparison to a place I grew up eating out in El Paso, Texas called Charburger or now as it is called Charcoaler. The habit gives you little flavor or anything out of the ordinary to form a habit. I give the location three stars for the kindness of their staff, good music and a little different flavor. I was not blown away as I thought maybe I would be but then again I think the person who recommended it to me is new to chargrilled burgers. I would recommend that if you are ever in El Paso to please look the place up I spoke about and try it. Just try one of their original burgers with the pickles onions and BBQ. I swear you will not regret it.
4	I've been here two times so far, and each time the service has been great.  The first time I went here, the person who helped me (I can't remember her name, but it began with an "M") took the time out to explain their menu, what the favorites are, what were new items, etc.  I decided to try their mushroom-swiss burger and their tempura-battered fried green beans with ranch dressing.  I know, I know, it's an odd combination, but trust me, it's pretty damn good.  Pure crack.  And best of all, it gives you that illusion you're eating something healthy-ish.  My only complaint is that I wish that the portion sizes were slightly bigger than what they offer.  But I guess they cater to those who are health freaks, which I'm not one of those people AT ALL!!!  LOL  So yeah - go try it out.  It's pretty good.  :)
4	Their chicken sandwich on sourdough is real good.  So are their burgers.  The fries are good, but nothing special.  Usually friendly and fast service.
4	Habit Burger is in the same neighborhood of burger joints like in-n-out and five guys IMO. it's my favorite of the three, especially since you can get bacon and avocado on a burger. Most days I'd rather have it than smash burger unless I'm dying for an egg on top.
3	Really enjoyed my visit. Very friendly service. Nice and clean. Diet coke was great. Had a strawberry shake which was yummy. Fries very good because they where fresh. I would say very standard nothing out of the ordinary. Burger made to order wish I realized I could have got avacado that would have rocked. I think I probably prefer smash and my favorite in out. If you like those you will like this place. My experience here was 5 stars just that if I give innout a five and smash a four this would be a three. Mainly based on the fact it is just a greasy burger. If you like your burger juicy with lots of fat this is for you. I just prefer something less greasy. That being said this place is very good
5	I have loved this place since we first found them in CA. Everything is made fresh. No cheese and add avocado is the way to go. Sweet potato fries are awesome. Keep in mind that it is not FAST food. You order and that's when your meat goes on the grill. It will take a few minutes but it's worth it. The chicken and tuna sandwiches also allow healthy eating and are delicious.
4	Location: Easy to find off the interstate, easy to get to from either side of roadInside: Very clean, fully aware management with customer involvement, fountain drinks, clean restroom.Food: The burgers were tasty and cooked very well. The sweet potato fries were delicious and this place is a great contender in the burger market with the likes of 5 guys, etc. It is a definite try and I think it's price is moderate for the food you receive.
3	Tried this place because I had a free burger coupon from the local paper. Good burger but not much to keep me coming back.
5	This is an excellent place. The burgers are delicious. I have tried their Char-burgers, Tri-tip steak and chicken steak Sandwiches. They are very good.The place is very clean and you can expect some wait time during lunch but nothing extreme. They get the food very fast.
4	Solid burger, kind of pricey though. The fries were super okay though.
3	I love this place for their burgers and grilled chicken, and the staff is always so nice. My ONLY complaint today is the condition of their American Flag out front. It is beyond tattered. If it can not be replaced, it should at least be removed until it can be replaced.
5	Just had lunch at Habit for the first time.  I got the BBQ bacon char and onion rings.  My friend got the Teriyaki Char and fries.  We didn't have to wait too long for our food as we got there before the lunch crowd came it.  I absolutely enjoyed my hamburger and onion rings.  The onion rings were nice and crispy and not oily or soggy.  My friend's fries were nice, crispy, and tasty, even without salt.  I definitely will be coming back.  Now I just wish one was close to where I lived!!
2	Ok Habit...your food is delicious and service is generally fantastic, however, today you forgot my bacon!  Unacceptable!!!  Not a happy camper at all when I got back to work from my very short lunch break to eat a boring ol lettuce wrapped cheeseburger sans bacon!  The green tea also taste like soap :( not a good experience today and NOT worth 10 dollars for this lunch.
5	I read somewhere recently that Habit burger grill was the new best burger chain in the United States.  Reading this I had to check it out for my self.  It was a very clean burger spot.  Nice, professional staff.  The burgers were good.  Very much like "5 Guys". Not as good as "In And Out" but still very good.  Sweet potato fries were excellent.  I will go back soon because as I left I saw they had tempura battered green beans that looked incredible.
5	The food here is tasty. Great prices and the employees are so helpful and friendly. Everything is fresh.
4	The Habit was a fun experience. Cassie, one of the hostesses/cashiers, was extremely friendly and gave us a tour of the entire menu. The burgers were cooked perfectly, but they were relatively small for the price. If you are looking for a filling meal, order any of the "double chars" (aka double patties). We split the Santa Barbara and the Mushroom char and had some onion rings (which you should order), making for a delicious meal at a semi-fast food place with a quirky history.
3	They need a little more meat in their patty.This restaurant was near empty and had a full staff and was the filthiest dining area I've ever seen.I let the manager know that their website didn't show this location.  Perhaps HQ has the right idea.  I mean this place was dirty.  Outside was clean, the kitchen looked clean, but the dining area was so bad that I'll not go here again.  Maybe I'll try the one on Cactus or FLW.  Better zip codes.
4	I loved the food. Had the grilled chicken sandwich and onion rings. The chicken sandwich was delicious and not to difficult to handle. The onion rings were perfection. The onions did not slide out at all. I feel like this place was a little pricey. I know burger places are trendy but I think $18 for a faster food restaurant is a little pricey. Drink selection for non-soda gets the star off. The tea options were not great. Ended up with a fountain lemonade which is never as good because it's fountain. For a chain burger place, this was great. For never having been to the Habit before, I found it clean, well lit and great tunes!
2	Hit up this place with some coworkers since it was relatively close. Had the Chicken Sandwich and onion rings. Was not really impressed with the sandwich. The Chicken was dry but at least the ingredients tasted fresh. The onion rings were good, but not anything too special. My ending bill without having soda or a shake was around 9 bucks. For the price it was a decent meal but I probably wouldn't come back to this place. Smashburger is definitely a better choice and around the same price.
4	Food was great, the girl who took our order was so rude I almost left.Tempura fried green beans with ranch are amazing. The new green chili burger was awesome! Love the pepper bar!
4	Delicious diet coke. CheckAmazing ranch to dip my fries or onion rings. CheckFriendly service. Check Fried options: fries or onion rings. Delicious. And check!I specifically remember saying "I don't usually like tomato and lettuce on my burger because they get hot and weird, but here they are crisp and delicious!" For a chain, it's a pretty great burger.Juicy. CheckFlavorful. CheckFresh ingredients. Check.
4	Delicious! Fresh and Tasty! Only reason I gave it 4 instead of a 5 was because the buns were a little hard. Compared to other hamburger chains, it's a step above! Friendly and good atmosphere!  Would definitely come back, ate waaaay to many chili peppers which may come back and bite me, literally!
1	Not impressed, plus I had a hair in my food.  Gross
3	I have heard from others how good this place was, so I tried it with some co-workers.  I give it a solid three stars and so did my 3 other co-workers.  The burgers were good and we would all return but none of us thought the burgers deserved the "wow" factor.
4	After many more visits to The Habit, I have definitely become a fan of their burgers. I used to think they were a bit greasy but I have found that if you get them without the grilled onions this is not the case. And I did a comparison of the calories and fat contents of other nearby fast food burger places and they are pretty good in that department. Their burgers are a great portion size but if you do have a bigger appetite you can always order a double. They don't offer gluten free buns but I recently tried the lettuce wrapped option and it was actually really good. They used huge leaves of very fresh and crisp iceberg lettuce. Someone really took the time to wrap it carefully because it didn't fall apart or get messy either. So that was pretty cool. The only thing keeping them from 5 stars at this point is that I wish they would offer real cheddar cheese instead of processed "American" cheese.
5	Perfectly crafted burgers with the perfect condiments to go with it - from the shredded  lettuce, sesame seed buns to the various pepper bar. Their French fries are always perfectly cooked with the right amount of crispness. For a "fast food" burger joint, everything is always so fresh and made to order!
2	Ok, I do not see what all the hoopla is about.  The burger was better than fast food but inferior to Smash or Five Guys.  I was not impressed at all. Went during a normal lunch hour and service was average. Not bad, just normal.Again, not a fan of this place, hard to understand what the deal is with this one.
4	I always have a good burger here - whether its a regular or double with cheese to one of their specials.  I just had their new French Onion special and it was pretty tasty.  I also like their salads.One of the things I like the most about the Habit is that I feel I get a good value.  I can't stand going to Five Guys. Five Guys is a joke.  Not only are their burgers average tasting but it''ll cost you over $10.00 for just a burger and a drink. For $7 or 8 dollars, you can get a Double Char, fries and a drink and that's a fair price.
3	Tried The Habit one night after a long afternoon at the nearby rink.  A group of us decided to give it a go as none of us had ever been there before.  It has a diner-like feel but it wasn't objectionable.  You order at the front counter and then the food is delivered a short while later. The burgers were good enough and tasty and came with a decent amount of condiments and toppings such as lettuce, tomato and grilled onions.  I did think that the patties were a tad on the small side considering the price.  The sweet potato fries were rather tasteless and needed more flavor.  Some of my friends had the shakes and said that they were really good although I didn't try one.  I would give The Habit another try.  It surely was good enough.
4	An up-scale burger/sandwich fast-food restaurant. I had a very good salmon sandwich. Others opted from the traditional burgers that came with the standard fries that were crispy without an oily taste. A good alternative to the major burger chains.
4	Put me on the list as the newest fan of the The Habit Burger Grill!  I've had more than a fair amount of experience eating burgers all over our great county and some of the best have been in small diners or local hole-n-the-wall joints specific to that area.  I've pounded down the burgers at the chain restaurants as well as national & regional fast food places but The Habit Burger Grill has set a hell of a bar that'll be hard to beat now.   Quick note of how my family & I ended up here;  After a long two days at the ball fields and shopping, it was time for a hearty sit down dinner, we were tired of fast food, and I was hungering for a large steak but every place we went to had a 20 to 45 minute wait onna Tuesday night?!  The hole in my gut, negative blood sugar level, mouth watering aroma of steak was causing a tremendous rage to build by the time we had left the 3rd steak place, the Longhorn and I was thoroughly pissed off.  My wife pointed at the brightly lit Habit Burger Grill and suggested we try it and I was no mood to drive around looking for a another place.The front was busy but service was quick and the staff was friendly efficient.  I ordered the double char burger, onion rings, fries and chocolate malts while my wife, not the biggest burger fan in the world mind you, picked the Santa Barbara and fried green beans.  I was not too keen on the size of the patties when the food arrived but the flavor and freshness of the meat, vegetables, sauce and seared bun more than amazed me.  The crispness of the fries,onion rings and green beans were a delight with no heavy grease flavors.  The avocado slices on the Santa Barbara burger were perfect & enhanced the overall flavor which was evident as my wife only grudgingly gave me a bite and finished  hers which she normally does not do with burgers.  The chocolate malts were delicious and my daughter, normally a Culvers custard fan, said she's found a new favorite.Long winded but wanted to rely what a treat it was to discover this burger grill and all you folks that are blase about the place because you HAVE the choice of Smash, 5 Guys (bleecch), In-N-Out, Whattaburger etc on a weekly/monthly basis,  maybe you ought to refrain for a while and try again.   I'll bet you'll have a change of opinion..
