5	Had a broken roof tile due to a "microburst"? on my home. Trying to get one to match the edge tile of my roof, went to the AJ store (404). Dave Rouse at the contractor's desk advised they didn't carry these replacement tiles, but made several phone calls and finally located a "boneyard" in Mesa that thought they might have one. He went above the call of duty and made me a satisfied customer. Kudos to Dave! Got my tile and fixed my roof!
4	Although Home Depot isn't as pretty as Lowe's, we can always find what we are looking for or a pleasant person who can help us find it and properly advise us on how to use it. I love that if we are looking for something, but can't find it we can actually find a person working there willing to help us. And they don't just tell us, "Yeah, it's in aisle....," they will take the time to walk us to that aisle and find the item. Great customer service. Thanks for all of your help!
3	Average chain location. Spotty customer service but OK overall.
5	What an awesome experience!  My husband and I were in the market for track lighting and carpeting.  After stopping at Lowe's and walking out empty handed because we couldn't find anyone to wait on us, we went to Home Depot.  I went to the carpet department and was immediately asked if I needed any help.  It was really my lucky day in getting Debi to assist me with all my carpeting questions.  She was a wealth of information and steered me to the best carpet for my money.  She sealed the deal and sold me a beautiful, thick, high quality carpet for a very reasonable price.We then headed to the lighting department and got an older gentleman to help us there.  He was very helpful and spent a lot of time with us and went back and worth with us from electrical to lighting.After this experience, I'll definitely be going to Home Depot first and I'll think twice about going to Lowe's anytime soon.
3	Its Home Depot. Decent prices & decent materials. convenient locations
5	Having just purchased my first home, we have spent a lot of time picking up supplies for odd updates here and there. The guys and girls in the paint and garden center are always very friendly and helpful. More than the norm for other Home Depots and that other home improvement store. My home is between 2 of them and I will almost always head to this one because I know I will be well taken care of.
4	Let's start with the con... pricing. Definitely a bit higher than Lowe's on most products. However, the customer service makes up for it here. I've yet to have a poor experience at this location. Every staff member is helpful, friendly, polite and knowledgeable. I go to this HD location not only because it's close, but because I'm comfortable there.
