4	Quick easy service without an appointment during the Holiday weekend. I took my car in with a coupon for a prepaid oil change that my parents when they opened, dropped my car off and left my number. They called at noon and told me there were a few things left to conduct on my car but could wait for the dealership and my car would be ready in 30min. I arrived signed and paid the tax/disposal fee $4. Happy customer. Clean, organized, and polite service.
1	So...I bought an oil package of theirs, 10 changes, etc. Yet...the last 2 times I've gotten oil changes at Firestone due to the fact they can never seem to schedule me on a time where I wouldn't have to take off of work. Now add to that I'm able to show them that the alignment specs they are using are destroying my not cheap tires and they REFUSE to use a new adjustment. Not that they can't do a manual adjustment, they just won't. Thanks for nothing guys.  Ran up the street to Firestone, not only did they use the manual numbers, but it turns out Fletcher's messed up the alignment to begin with (and may very well be completely responsible for the tire wear).  Riding much nicer now after my visit to Firestone.
1	Prices are low but the service is aweful! They put the wrong lug back on one of my tires that could have left me stranded and unable to fix a flat b/c my lug wrench wouldn't fit it! They are impossible to deal with to fix this issue since it was a while before i noticed the problem. They are also very difficult to get an appointment with. Don't waste your time and money here!
1	Quoted to replace parts that were just replaced, plus parts that didnt need to be changed and was told I had a bent torsion bar??? Considering that I am a ASE cert tech and currently working in a dealership, not only was this bad intel but flat out lies. I told a family member to take it there for a quick alignment, this is what I got. This shop I would not let work on my kids bike. Shade tree techs at this shop
1	Read the reviews... This place is complete garbage. I showed up at 7:45am from their advice because they don't take appointments. I was the 3rd person through the door and was advised it would take an hour or so for my alignment. They told me on the phone the day before the same, so I was prepared to wait. 2 and a half hours later, they hadn't begun working on my car and advised it would be *at least* another hour. I asked for my keys and left without the alignment I needed, and I can promise you that I'm never returning to another Fletcher's. This was my first and last experience with this pitiful company. It amazes me that companies like this are able to stay in business when they treat their customers like this.
1	This place is the worst. No appointment needed to get service, but expect your car to be there for a full day.  Took my car at 7:30am and they don't call me until 4pm.  Wait! I had to call them to find out what is going on and they haven't even started to work on my car. Either they are understaffed or don't know how to work efficiently. Won't be taking my car there ever again.   Just stay away or go there and enjoy the frustration, your choice.
1	I have had two occasions where Fletchers has failed! First one was an oil change on my new vehicle that took 2.5 hours with an appointment. When I returned to pick the car up I looked under the hood and the cartridge type oil filter housing had dust on it and NO indication of ever being removed. I told the manager that the filter had not been changed and I even questioned if the oil had been changed. The manager did not believe me and I showed him the filter housing and questioned how could it have been changed when it still has an even layer of dust on the housing? He agreed and went to question the loser mechanic, mechanic's response was that he didn't have a filter for a Chevy Malibu!!!!! WTF? Manager apologized and made the mechanic walk across the street to AutoZone for a filter. I told them I wanted the now oil changed too because it was now mixed with the old oil that was left in the filter. The manager gave me a free oil change coupon for future use, trash can! So fast forward two years later before a Discount tire was built in Laveen, I went to Fletchers for tires because they had in stock for a good price some Michelins and I didn't have time to order tires for next day at the Central Discount tire store. Fast forward  one year later to today when I wanted to get a rotation and balance and the said I needed an appointment, and the earliest would be tomorrow at 4:00 in the afternoon. I don't have time for their games and piss poor service. I called Discount Tire in Laveen and they were able to do the rotation and balance NOW and charged me $40 for lifetime but no road hazard certificates because I bought them at their competitors store.That wont happen again, Thank you Discount Tire for saving the day and I will be in California at 4:00 tomorrow, not getting my tires balanced at Fletchers.
1	This place sucks!!!! Jus went there and they wont call the interlock place so you can get an oil change, you need an appt...but if its a repair they will do it...what a joke!!! Dont ever go here again!!! Chandler location has way better customer service
1	This place is a joke in terms of their timing. Saturday is first come first serve starting their day at 7 am. Last Saturday I got here at 7:30 am making me 11th in line. They said they wouldn't get to it until "4ish." Went the next Saturday, got there by 6:20 am (2nd in line) got checked in right as they opened and was told it would take about an hour and a half for an oil change and servicing. 3 hours later! I was finally able to get my vehicle back! Never again! My advice: make an appointment during the week (they close at 5 PM and sometimes keep your vehicle overnight if they don't finish) or get your local mechanic to work on your car. This place is a waste of time, and time is money!
4	I'm so happy to write a review on here that actually has more than 2 stars! A little disappointed to see the reviews prior to mine are on the low end. All I can say is my experience with Fletchers was a good one. They even beat their own quote! Although it took a bit longer than what I was told, they did give me a free oil change coupon. Also I thought I was being quoted on Michelins but did not get Michelins...as long as the tire is a decent tire and rated decent then I'm happy! I usually spend around $900-$1,000 on 4 tires, I walked out the door spending $650...so I'm happy with it! Friendly staff, accommodating and nice sitting area!
1	Brought our vehicle in because it was close to our home...big mistake.  They kept telling us they fixed the problem. They were nice and believable.  After spending over 1000.00 they tell us  oh wait now they truly found the problem trying to charge another 300.00..  (we already heard that from them 3 times.)  Went to a mechanic recommended by friend who said they didn't do all they work they said they did and the 300.00 they wanted to charge us was 50.00 from this other mechanic.  So sad you can't trust a company to be honest and do the work they promised.  Will definitely never go there again and would not recommend to anyone.
2	This store always acts like they want the customer is an inconvenience when I call. One time I got an oil change there and was there almost 4 hours, waiting.
2	I found a GROUPON  for an oil change and brakes for $69.00 I made an appointment at 10 am, after being there for over two hours another lady came in and asked me if I had a GROUPON too. She said they told her because we had GROUPONS our cars wouldn't even be see till two hours wait, three other customers where seen and done before they came to talk to me about my car car at around 1pm. I didn't walk out of there until 2. I don't think that me having a discount is my fault when FLETCHER'S puts it on the site! you are still taking my money for your service, if this is the way you treat you customers you will lose your business really soon, I suggest you not make offers if you are going to treat customers equally.
1	I had a front end alignment done and 2 new tires put on 3 months ago. I had to leave the car over the weekend. I picked it up and went to get gas and found the filler neck from the gas tank had been cut off so somone could steal the gas. The store manager said it must have been like that when I brought it in (it wasnt) and only offered to put a new one on if I bought it. I ended up fixing it myself. Now 3 months later I found my new tires are shot form a bad alignment. I will just eat the $500 and go elsewhere for tires and alignment. I will never step foot in that place again.
3	Update: This place is under NEW management now. I took my vehicle back in after dicovering that they had failed to tighten the lock nut on one of the tie rod ends which is what caused the alignment to go out and ruin the tires. They fixed the alignment and put two new tires on at no charge. However it took them 3 days to do this and they tried to find a way to make it my fault. They fixed it but still lost my business.
