3	LIke any other KFC.  I'm not particularly fond of KFCs but the hubby was craving it so we went.  I think if you like KFC then you'd like this one - pretty nice folks.  The tables needed cleaning, however.
1	The worst fast food service I have ever received. I was asked what I ordered 3 different times at the drive thru order box and then twice more when I got to the window and it was still wrong. Took us about 20 mins total just to get through a drive thru. The food was bad as well. Overly salted and kinda rubbery and cold.
1	I try to be fair so I always give a place a second chance. Although my first experience was poor and my stomach lived to regret it I gave them another shot. Once again I purchased the basic, regular recipe, crispy 12 piece chicken bucket with 2 sides of slaw and biscuits...can't help it, I'm a boring old traditionalist! One would think that for such a basic order, it should have been perfect. The chicken was a rubbery, dry, smooshy mess with a darkish black tinge (from being reheated in dirty oil) to the coating. The coating was neither crispy or crunchy, it was mushy, soft and slid off in one greasy piece.The meat inside was dry and rubbery (old, freezer burned chicken!) and even the bones were blackened. It was truly disgusting and not really edible, my poor Pomeranian even gave me a strange look when I offered him some. I believe that the chicken had been put in the refrigerator and then brought out and reheated in the aforementioned dirty cooking oil because that is how it looked and tasted. Obviously someone is being lazy and cooking too much chicken and then not disposing of it once it has sat around for a few days. The slaw, usually my favorite, was soupy and loaded with vinegar. It resembled cabbage soup more than slaw and was soggy, not crunchy or crisp. I took one container and drained the excess "soup" from it and it was 3/4 cup of vinegar water. C'mon, slaw isn't rocket science nor does it take a long time to make..no excuse for old slaw! The biscuits - no surprise- were hard, dry and cold..another days old product that should have been thrown out instead of microwaved and boxed up. Pretty clear that no one working here cares about the food or the customers, no effort whatsoever and way over priced at $39.00! Talk about being robbed. When the food arrived home I called them and after several no answers (they weren't busy on a Thurday night - not enough to not answer the phone) someone answered and when I asked to speak to a manager was placed on hold and hung up on. When I called back there was no answer again. Even if they were giving this away free I wouldn't take it, I only ate a few bites and my stomach was definitely an unhappy camper that night as was my husband's....the dog is OK as he was smart enough to walk away! Good boy Maxx! So unless you see a sign that says "UNDER NEW MANAGEMENT" take a tip from Maxx and just keep on truckin'!
1	Been there three times, never had a good experience, I do like KFC BUT THIS ONE NEEDS new management. Once no sauce for my chicken, once I went right at 5 pm (early dinner) and they had no crispy strips ready only just a 15 minute wait while in the drive threw (I did not wait) big management problems
1	Instead of giving me what I ordered, the guy behind the counter gave me a combo including more chicken tenders than I asked for. He also informed me that they were out of BBQ sauce. Plus, their soda fountain was all kinds of messed up. Not cool.
1	I visited here again today after over 6 months, shows you how much they impressed me last time I visited. Went inside, visited the bathroom and found the soap dispenser empty, makes me wonder how the employees wash up, then out to order. I wanted extra crispy but was told they didn't have it for about 45 minutes, but I could get original receipe in about ten minutes. OK, I can wait 10 minutes, got my cup, off to the soda machine, found the drink I wanted was out, told the manager about both the soda and soap and got the famous glassey eyed stare of, "What the hell do you want me to do about it" Looked over receipt and noticed a 39 cent surcharge on my bill for using a debit card, that is a first I have ever seen. Got my food and sat down to eat, when finished it had been about 40 minutes, the soda machine still wasn't refilled and the soap dispenser in the bathroom was still empty. Well I goy my sharpie ready and now,  another place crossed off my list of possibilities of having lunch.
2	Was craving KFC for a while, Love their Famous Bowl! However food is pricey for what you get it, they charge .39 if you pay with card and they don't take bills larger than a $20! They also take forever in Drive Thru!
