5	Went on opening night and was impressed to find a real craft brewery as they are hard to find in Arizona as compared to other parts of the country.   This is a tap room so aside from a few gourmet cheese plates there is no food.  Yes, they only have three of their own beers right now but it is for a good reason as they would rather have quality beers over mass production.  Sounds like they have more beers in the works.  In addition to their brews they have another ten or so beers available from other craft/local breweries so there is ample options regardless of what you enjoy drinking.  I had the IPA and while lighter than many IPA's it was easy drinking and good for hot days when you want something more than a pale ale or lighter beer.  There are a few TV's to catch a game and also a semi-private room if you have a group.  Location is good just a couple of blocks off Scottsdale road and there is plenty of parking right out front.  Defiantly worth checking out.
3	There's a new bar with a speakeasy feel in Old Town Scottsdale.Walk along Brown Avenue and peek in the salon-filled street to find Bad Water Brewing, a bar that balances its craft beers with fancy charcuterie boards and sleek, masculine furnishings that are part upscale sports bar, part minimalist hangout for those simply looking for a tasty brewskie.The spot serves three craft beers, only distributed in Arizona: a lighter-than-usual IPA; a strong in alcohol, light-in-taste saison; and a caramely Western lager that was probably my favorite of the three (all $5 each). IPAs usually scare me because of their strong taste, though I'm attracted to the high alcohol content, so it's great this fruit-forward IPA went down smoothly and still hit the spot at 5.5 percent alcohol. The saison, with an orange spice tinge, had a whopping 6 percent alcohol percentage, while the lager with a smooth finish had 5 percent. I was impressed with all these local brews, and our knowledgeable server did a great job at explaining the nuances.We ordered a vegetarian Noble Stave charcuterie board (there's also a vegan one, sans meats and cheeses), normally $15. It came with a scrumptious blueberry goat cheese, brie, gorgonzola, pistachios, almonds, olives, peppers, artichokes and more. It was definitely artfully presented and included some fancy cheeses, but I was disappointed there were only three flat lavash crackers. It came with three long, hard grissini crackers that were difficult to spread anything on, and overall, the offerings were a little sparser than I'd expect for the price.My favorite part of the board was definitely the blueberry goat cheese. I've never had anything like it and would have enjoyed an appetizer featuring just that. The ingredients all went well together, though I would have loved more lavash.As for atmosphere, the vibe was relaxed and would make for a great spot for industry folk looking to unwind after working in the area.  I just wish there were some purse hooks on the high-tops, since there was nowhere to put mine except for on my lap, on the floor or on the table.I wouldn't say I would go there just for the appetizers, but the cheap-in-price, high-in-quality local brews are attractive, and it's nice to have the charcuterie boards (six to choose from, starting at $11), to whet your palate before heading to dinner.The spot features a 16-seater private room that will be used for educational beer events and that can be reserved for parties, a cool aspect to the venue.The thing I enjoyed most about Bad Water was its unique beer selection, also including seven drafts and 10 bottled beers from guest breweries, including a favorite of mine, the Lumberyard Pale Ale from Lumberyard Brewing Company in Flagstaff ($6.)
5	I brought my girlfriend from out of town here and we loved it! Our new favorite little spot in old town! Estella and Joe are pretty entertaining. Totally makes the experience all worthwhile. Beers good too!!
5	Boutique tap room with food in an eclectic Scottsdale location. Friendly staff enthusiasts about the beer. Interesting array of cheeses.go there now
5	I loved this little brewery! The staff was very knowledgeable about beer and very friendly. The food was awesome! We got the desert kettle board and loved it. My husband got the IPA and really enjoyed it. I got the lager which was very carbonated but good. Over all we had a really great time!
3	Cool little place tucked away in Old Town.  Didn't like their IPA because it had barely any hops bitterness.  The lager was just OK.  They are known for their saison and I thought it was their best beer.
5	Was in town for a brief Sun break in the midst of Seattle's rainy season and saw this place was new so decided to check it out. My wife and I were the only ones in the place, but the lovely owners made us feel at home. Being surrounded by great breweries in Seattle, we have a high standard for beer, but this place is solid and has a unique take on their styles. The lager is especially malty for a lager and full bodied, while the IPA is less bitter band lower alcohol than most. The saison is the star, with a nice balance and spicy, yeasty, and banana undertones. If you're around, give them a try.
5	Super cute hidden gem!!! Estella and Joe are just as awesome as the beer they serve:) Girls bathroom is cute and provides emergency basket full of goodies:) girls you know what I mean right? Everyone go support local brewery
5	Small little brewery tap room with 3 of theirs brews on Tap, all of their beers are delicious and flavorful. The staff was very friendly and attentive. Great little hidden gem to grab a beer(or a few beers) and a snack. Number of different cheese\meat plates. The merch is also great priced and lots of variety. I would recommend checking it out. Best brewery in old town!
3	Bad Water is a very small brewery; the definition of nanobrewing, especially compared to many other large Arizona craft breweries. As a company, they produce 3 of their own beers and have about a 6 or 8 other local brews on draft. The taproom itself is a very nice looking place. The building and interior locals very modern and quiet in place with Scottsdale; I really like the look of this place. The 3 beers they have are the IPA, Saison & Wesern Lager. The Lager i was not too impressed by; it's maltier then expected, much like a Marzen. The IPA is not very hoppy but flavorful, reminds me of Deschutes Mirror Pond. The Saison is in my opinion their best and is bottled and avaible outside the taproom, so try it out. They are not a full restaurant but they do serve these very unique meat and cheese platters that one must try if you're there! Overall, this is a great place to stop by between lunch and dinner for a small plate and beers while in the heart of Scottsdale.
5	A gem.  My wife and I stopped at BWB for a drink before dinner on a date night.  Staff was excellent, beer was perfect.  First time we had ever tried the beer BWB beers.  We have already been to Total Wine to pick up more Saison.
5	Great place in Old Town Scottsdale. Beer selection is pretty solid. I really enjoyed Bad Water's IPA, mild taste without being overboard with hops. We also had the Brewer's Reserve cheese &  meat board which was a nice blend. Cool atmosphere and awesome service.
5	Great small brew pub! Staff was very friendly, atmosphere is great and the beer was good! Will definitely be returning many times to this new spot!
