4	I give Headquarters four stars more for the comfort and familiarity factor than the fine dining experience :)We often head to Headquarters for breakfast and it is standard diner type breakfast and always good. I usually get an omelet but my boys love the French Toast and pancakes.Headquarters does not call itself a Mexican Food Restaurant but there is lots of Mexican Food and it is muy good. I always order the green chili chimi with red sauce. It is always good with a very homemade feel.
5	I have lived in Maricopa 5 years and have just tried Headquarters Cafe for the first time, and I kick myself for not trying it sooner.....the breakfast was cooked perfectly and tasted wonderful, very large portions for a very good price. I will definitely be a regular from now on....I am looking for to trying their lunch and dinners.
3	Good food, good prices. Service is average. Could use extra help when busy. Only have breakfast, but chips and salsa are tasty.
4	Had breakfast twice while visiting. Love the Mom & Pop feel of the place, and there is always a decent breakfast special for a good price. Looking forward to visiting again.
2	Tried breakfast here and was quite disappointed.  Bacon looked precooked and the hashbrowns were under done.  Try Sunrise Cafe instead.
1	Was pretty good for breakfast, not so much anymore. Not just dirty & rundown, but a general lack of care at all. No Bueno!
3	Only one person waiting tables. Gives our drinks then runs away instead of asking to take our order. Wait 10 more minutes as she keeps walking by us without looking or stopping. It's not just this time it's always like this. Usually don't mind too much but don't have time today to be waiting. Food is ok, prices ok. Just need more help.
5	The food was amazing, and the workers were too.
5	Food was great and service very fast. Can't ask for more. Will definitely be a repeat customer.
1	Went for lunch. It was awful.
4	Just a fun place to eat. Very good food, nice servers and a real treat to be here. We came by train and this good place to eat, a short walk from the Amtrak station in Maricopa.
3	Great hamburgers!!!! I was very skeptical about even eating there because it looks a little sketchy on the outside. My friend's father told me that they had good burgers so I gave them a try since the food selection in Maricopa is so scarce. And the burgers are good!!! It smells a little stale inside so I have never ate inside I always do Togo and I have only had the burger and fries.
4	Always come for breakfast. Really good. Weekends are always packed. We've come for other meals and I didn't really care that much for them so we just stick to the breakfast.
4	I enjoy the small hometown feel of the restaurant.   Food is decent and prices are good.
2	The place was at quarter capacity. I sat at a booth between other customers and waited while a guy cleaned and set a vacant table. I saw the waitress come out of the kitchen and visit a table. She came out one other time and visited same table. Was she also the cook? I don't know how else to explain her absence. It was probably a good five but it felt like every bit of ten minutes before I left, never to be acknowledged. None of the other four peopled tables were visited in this time, just the one that the waitress visited.
5	Pancakes, eggs and bacon.  Loved it!  Went this morning with my wife, very pleased.  Big portions, good coffee.  Great all around.
1	Sun rise cafe is MUCH better plus has more cleaner seating. The absolute only reason I go her is for my husband and Molly she's a very nice good waitress but the last time I was there, we had a new waitress who was absolutely terrible and rude It only took 10 minutes to get my drink then never did a single one of us get a refill extra napkins nothing just a 30$ check! Not worth the money I was so upset about the price vs the quality of the greasy breakfast burrito. Never enough seat wait time is ridiculous and is so HOT in side it's like they never heard of air conditioning!
3	Definitely a "Mom and Pop" spot. Been around for awhile and has allot of history with Maricopa locals. Wasn't busy, but was steady with customers. Tried the El Juarez Burger and fries. Pretty tasty. Customer service was ok. I've been told that their breakfast is really good. We will have to check it out. The restrooms were small and very hot.
4	Breakfast is wonderful.  I totally love love love the Enchilote (no doubt not spelled right ) a cheese omelet covered with enchilada sauce. Comes with refried beans but you want to upgrade to the Mexican Pappas oh my they are incredible. Lunch and Dinner are pretty ordinary but good.  Prices are good.
4	When I asked coworkers about the best Mexican food in Maricopa they said Headquarters was the spot.  So I had to go and see for myself.The place is totally my speed.  Small.  Dive-y.  All wood err'thang.  Curt and irritated waitresses who are only there to get your order and your food.  I could see them being rude and terrible but on the day I went they were quick with the food and refills.The chips and salsa were pretty decent.  I like hot but I don't base judgment on hot.  It's just my preference.  The salsa was tasty but for my tastes could have been hotter.  Prices are way reasonable.  I think it was cheap.  Mostly all locals, workers on break for lunch, families.  Only two larger booths, the rest were four-seaters.  I didn't even have Mexican food.  The night before I'd eaten at Poncho's on S. Central.  Day before that I had a local burrito.  So I wasn't feeling any more Mexican. However, most everyone at my table ordered Mexican.  I saw a huge Chimi, a taco plate, an enchilada plate and huevos rancheros.  All looked good.  The enchilada plate, my wife ordered, was a tad cheesy for me.  I ordered the El Diablo burger which a basic green chile/cheese burger.  It was great, greasy and hot.  The chile wasn't hot but the sandwich was.  Fries were homemade.  I'm putting it in the rotation.
4	Very good food. Sometimes it gets busy but the staff works their butts off to make it great local spot to eat.
3	I have only eaten one thing at HQ. I love the Mexico City burger.  Green chili, bacon,  cheese   Worth the drive from Casa Grande
