4	I love this place!I love this place because of their popusas. I've had every kind and they are awesome! Everything else on the menu is good but I mostly go there for the popusas. They come with a side of veggies in vinegar. It goes best if you order chicharones con yuka as a side. Chicharon is pork and yuka is a type of  fried vegetable (it's not sweet or spicy, tastes plain sorta) which you can flavor with red salsa.
1	Really bad food ... Good service though... Saltine crackers are the best food here
4	I love this place!  Service is always friendly, food is always fresh and the papusas are mighty fine.  Esmeraldas has been around since the mid 90s which means that they were around in Las Vegas before many of the existing Salvadorean restaurants today.  Check them out and you will not be disappointed.
4	Great pupusas! The bean and cheese (with lots of curtido) are my favorite. I also love their chicken sopes/gorditas. I usually get take-out because the restaurant itself isn't great. They should replace their dusty, fake plants with real ones and turn down the music. Until then, I'll just call in my order. :)
1	There is potential in this location. The older lady sitting in the front greeting and seating customers was eating a big bowl of Cheerio's right at the front hostess counter. I was not impressed. We did not eat here because of this one unsanitary act. If this is ok, what is ok in the kitchen?
4	THE place to go for pupusas in Las Vegas.
5	Found this place by accident while looking for somewhere to eat after The Color Run. The shopping mall where it's located has much to be desired but we were willing to brave it in exchange for authenticity. We were afraid they wouldn't allow us in because we were covered in color but were glad they let us stay and wash up a bit. At first we were not impressed when they brought us our complimentary chips and salsa. The chips were thick and hard and the salsa was very watery. I ordered the shrimp enchiladas and my husband ordered the carne asada burrito. We shared 2 cheese pupusas. The enchilada was the best I ever had! The shrimp were abundant and so flavorful. The rice and beans were perfect! I barely had room to eat the pupusa but it was delicious, too. My husband said his meal was also surprisingly good. And the best part was that it cost just over $20 WITH tip!We will definitely be going back frequently for some good, authentic Mexican/Salvadorean food,
1	I don't know where to start, I'm just glad it ended. WORST Mexican food I have had in a while and the service was atrocious. Now, most place Mexican places have a little chips and salsa to get you started, but this place didn't. That was OK though, because it was lunch and I didn't want much. It should have been an indicator of what was to come.After about 10 minutes a waitress finally came over and I ordered a three item combo because I wanted to try a sampling of their fare. I'm glad I did because I don't think I could have eaten a whole plate of one food item. The enchilada had terrible sauce (possibly previously frozen), the carne asada taco was the smallest ever and the tamale was as bland as can be. Beans were awful, but I can say that the rice was OK, but that's about it. Oh, the tomato was great though! So, I finished what I could manage to and started to finish reading the CityLife mag I got on the way in while I waited for the check to come. Well, I read the WHOLE THING and never saw anyone! I got up and went up to the counter to pay. I saw why my check never came. The WHOLE staff was standing around laughing and texting. No wonder!I paid the bill and left without a tip and I ALWAYS tip at least 15%, sometimes 10% if the service is really bad. Ouch!Needless to say I won't be back because there are plenty of great Mexican food establishments in the area.
5	I love the bean and cheese pupusas with cabbage salad.  Don't be fooled by the outside of the building. It's actually really nice inside.
5	Longtime downtown spot on 10th and Charleston. Salvadoran and Mexican. Nice, big place inside with comfortable seating and good service. We had all the pupupas, cheese, pork, been with cheese and a combo of beans, cheese and pork. Really sumptuous pockets of corn based dough. Be careful, the fillings are hot. Served with a vinegar slaw and tomato sauce. Mammon, good. Did I mention they were $1.50. That's no typo. Tamales are a buck fifty too. The Elote tamale is a sweet, light bundle of yum. Beef burrito, enchilada style with rice and beans all tasting great - $6.50. Beautiful shrimp enchilada with tons of decent sized shrimp. We ended our meal with Fried plantains that were served with a sweet cream sauce - so good. Highly recommend for downtown eating.
4	Its actually a Salvadorean restaurant and not Mexican food. Its family owned and it offers a no frills dining experience. However the service is fast and friendly. In and out quick dining. Everything is prepared by a mom and her daughters in the kitchen and it has the feeling of a restaurant in a small Salvadorean town. Their Pupusas are the best in the city hands down. I constantly order them to go when ever I am in the area and their Tamarindo drink is made fresh everyday.  The pricing is fantastic: easily feed four people for about $20. If nothing else the pricing, Pupusas, tamarind and speed of service makes me a fan.
4	Prefect price, attentive service, delicious food.We are visiting from out of town and wanted Mexican.  Found this restaurant on yelp and thought it was worth a look.So glad we came! Our waitress talked us into a salvadorean pupusa revuelta, and we loved it with the tomato sauce and the curtido (cabbage similar to vinegar slaw).Enchilada and burritos were very good.  No chips or salsa are served here.
5	Loves us some pupusas! Seriously super good food at a super cheap price. We don't ever get anything else, so I'm not sure how the rest of the food tastes... But the pupusas... Mmmmm hmmm.  Good. Bean and cheese is a personal favorite. Definitely recommend!
5	Love ,they're pupusas I've been going here 10+ years would recommend it to all who love latin foods
2	My husband and I decided to have lunch near his office and opted to try something different. I figured some of the best ethnic food comes from the hole in the wall places anyway. We walked into the restaurant and were greeted by the hostess and promptly seated. The interior looked classy and was quite spacious.  We decided to try several of their pupusas ($1.50 ea), in addition I had the chicken enchiladas and my husband had their carne asada burrito. The pupusas were very good, and a steal for the price. The rest of the food was not anything special that would warrant coming back.The service was non existent after our food came out. I ran out of water and pushing my cup damn near off the edge of the table I guess was not enough of a hint that I would like a refill. There were no signs posted that you're suppose to pay at the register anywhere in the restaurant, and maybe that's not the standard procedure, but we ended up going up to the register to pay. It was a fairly inexpensive lunch with solid pupusas and non existent service. I would not go back.
5	Pupusas are the best! Love them
