4	Anyone who's ever read my reviews will be able to tell you that I love a good steak, live for cheese, adore a good wine and enjoy a nice, stiff cocktail from time to time. That being the case, Alan Albert's falls into Stephy play quite nicely.It's got the feel of an old school steakhouse and I don't know about you, but when I go to Vegas, I like to explore the history and at least dabble in the feelings of the days of old there. Sure all of the modern hoorahrah is great, but that place has history and at Alan Albert's you still feel a bit of it.The waiters are dressed as steakhouse waiters should be, in nice white jackets and know their meats. They also have great sense of humors, since I imagine living in Vegas you'd have to. On one of my trips here last year. we got an old Irish man who rapped us the specials since clearly we exuded the 50-cent vibe, what? Yeah, it was random, but this is what I love about the place.The food is awesome. Steaks are of course their signature dish, but the seafood fare is fantastic as well. Lobstas baby! And if you go, ask if they have the lobster bisque. Sometime they do, sometimes they don't, but G-D Damn is that some good stuff! Use the bread to clean the plate, mmmm mmmmm! Also, like any old school steakhouse, the sides are a la carte, so make sure to try the creamed spinach(if this spinach thing ever let's up) and definitely get the asparagus as their hollandaise sauce kicks the ass!Wine list is also pretty good, but the martoonis are fantastic and they know how to do a dirrty one without tasting like you are stuck in an over-saturated "olive" garden.So go check it out. Not cheap, but definitely a nice meal in a cool place with great service and no one will say "You're money" here. Also, it is kind of hidden. If you are taking a cab, the cab driver should know, but just know that it is on Las Vegas Blvd but kind of towards the back between two buildings. You'll see :) Enjoy!
5	This is where my hubby and I had our wedding dinner with 20 of our friends and family.  It was the best meal of my life- I am sure that it had a bit to do with it being my wedding day- but the food was excellent and the waiters and staff were AWESOME!  I have a hilarious picture where they had my new hubby and I both hold a gigantic 17 lb lobster.  We didn't eat him that night- but we did eat a few of his friends.  We had crab, shrimp, steak, lobster and just about everything else they offer.  We had a cake delivered from Freeds of course.  They were really cool about that too.  I can't wait to go back sometime!
5	Alan Albert's the Vintage Steak HouseThe food here is super excellent and specially they way they cook the lobster. It is cooked just right and super tender even though the lobster weighs in at like 10 lbs or something.The appetizer is just out of this world. The best is the shrimp drenched in butter sauce. It is basically split open and cooked to perfection yet not overcooked. It just amazes me how they can do that to all the shrimp and lobster they cook.Oh, the steaks are awesome too if you got enough room after all that crazy seafood. =D
1	Was here during last year Labor Day weekend.  The place is dead, a few small party, amongst us.  Dinner was ok, but service suck big time.  Either it's getting late or the people there are just rude as hell.  Sorry for the fuss, but this place deserve 0 star if possible for what they did.Because of rude services, we did not think they deserve any tip.  Ate and paid the bill with a credit card, left and have fun in Vegas as usual.  A few weeks later, my friend saw her credit card statement with a charge from Alan Albert's that was more than what was shown on the her bill/receipt.  Alan Albert's had charged extra on her card.She called the credit card company, fax them the bill (always good to save your bill/receipt) and the credit card company disputed with the restaurant.  Credit card company was able to get back the extra amount that they have charged.What kind of service was that?  If she didn't check her credit card statement, they could have gotten away with extra $$$ for being rude.
5	The best hidden secret of Las Vegas!!!  They have the most amazing prime rib and sea food anywhere on the strip.  Anytime I'm up in Vegas, I make a reservation here and eat like a king... Depending on the season I either get the king crab legs or the prime rib.  To add to the perfection of this establishment, the wait staff is amazing!!!  This place is also PERFECT for special events ie birthdays or congratulatory dinners... the reason being, at the end of the meal, if you ask the waiter nicely, they'll roll out a cart with 1 or 2, 20 lbs lobster on it and allow you to hold it and take pictures with it for FREE!!! The Cesar salad is amazing, and doesn't wreak of the anchovies flavor of smell... and with freshly ground black pepper... can I say magnificent... If you elect not to get a salad, go with the crab cake... You won't be disappointed... I had many crab cakes in my travels to Maryland, and I still AA's is far more superior.  The prime rib is in a league of it's own... It's always tender and needs no additional seasoning added to it...  I even think dipping it to the au jus and horseradish ruins the perfectly season piece of meat... FYI, BEWARE... The portions are very large!!!  I warn you, even if your a buffet champion, you should either stick with a salad and entree or 1 appetizer and an entree... Your wallet and stomach will thank you...
5	Alan Albert's is so well hidden that no wonder no one really knows about this place.  In a way, I'm glad because there's almost never a wait.  MO FO ME~! =)Now on to the food:Juicy?  ----------------------  CHECK~!Tender?  -------------------  CHECK~!Taste?  ---------------------  CHECK~!Freshness?  --------------  CHECK~!Appeal?  -------------------   CHECK~!Flavor?  ---------------------  CHECK~!  Alan Albert's truly has the BEST steak, prime rib, and seafood of all places.  I have been there about 7 times throughout the years and Alan Albert's has always had SCRUMPTIOUS MOUTHWATERING food.  The savory meat just melts in your mouth and the seafood seems to always be the freshest catch of the day.  They have a good portion and for the quality of food, they are absolutely reasonable.  Forget the hype of all other steakhouses in famous casinos, Alan Albert surpasses expectations.The best part of this place is that it's an elegant and fancy dinner place but unpretentious.  The service is superb and the servers are very attentive and genuine.A perfect place for a special occasion.I can't wait to be back~!
5	I had a friend visiting Las Vegas last night...and I suggested to him to try Alan Alberts.Couple minutes later, I got a text from him.  It said "closed.  signs are down too".My mind went blank, my heart almost stopped, and the first thought that went through my head was "DON'T KILL THE MESSENGER"!!!*cry*!!! why?  tell me why?
4	My friend just emailed that he was going to Vegas this weekend and was going to set up a reservation to eat here.  He found out it is closed down.  NO WAY!!!  I am actually a little sad.  Alan Albert's will always have a special place in my heart.I remember back in 2000 when I was 21, two friends and I headed out on our virgin experience to VEGAS!  This was also right around the peak of the movie Swingers, so in essence, we thought we were "money".  Trent, Mickey and Sue headed over to AA's and had one of the best meals we ever had.  The Beef Wellington was amazing, the lobster outstanding and the prime rib was moist/juicey and as big as your upper torso.  We were drinking martini's and feeling very cool.  I will miss you Alan Albert's.  We will always have our memories.
5	Nooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo!!!!I am 'devastated' that Alan Alberts is "no more"  The last time I went there was in 2000 - The service 'superb' the food "Excellent!"  the ambiance "great'... I think maybe the location was the problem...It was my limo driver that told me about Alan Alberts !   ... now If any of the cooks, and waiters from AA should just move to San Diego and work at Bertrand's Mr's A's ... We need "classy, efficient, restaurant staff members !!!!!!!!
