5	When I was diagnosed with several lung tumors in February of 2010, I had no idea what I was in for. Xrays, Ultrasounds, MRIs, CT Scans, Pet Scans... tubes and machines that were scarry, loud, and intimidating.I have been inside at least six different Imaging centers up to twice a month since then and have experienced the gamut of service levels.The staff and convenience of Marquis is almost unparalleled. They take walk ins, coordinate everything with my Dr.'s and surgeons so I don't have to worry about details and can concentrate on myself, offer some of the newest and most powerful scans, hand me a CD of the results to take home with me, and have an extraordinarily friendly / compassionate staff.It's the staff that makes this my first choice - every time. I have found over the last year that it is not uncommon to find health care providers that seem wearied over dealing with a constant flow of health challenged people and the system itself. But the people here make you feel like you are the only person they are dealing with. They look you in the eye. They hold your hand. They talk to you in a language that the medically untrained understand. They don't treat you like you are a peice of meat.Most imaging is not painful. But it is not pleasant. So when you have someone like Tara, who's warm and caring demeanour makes it seem not quite so awful, it really stands out.If you find yourself in need of diagnostic imaging, don't hesitate to give Marquis a call (and hope you are lucky enough to work with Tara).
5	I have been to the facility in Gilbert three times  They are absolutely the best imaging center I have ever used.  Their staff is professional and courteous.  The facility is spotless.  I would highly recommend them to anyone.  After having so many bad experiences elsewhere, they are a breath of fresh air.
1	I went to Marquis back in March 2011 for an ultrasound.  The tech and the procedure were fine and I don't have any complaints with that.  However, the office had incorrectly billed my insurance, so I had to pay approximately $85 to Marquis for an out-of-network appointment, even though this place was in-network.  They use a third party (out of state) billing office and those employees were very rude and not cooperative.  At least the $85 that I paid went towards satisfying my insurance deductible for the year.  Cheryl, who is in the local office on 3rd St. and is person I was told to work with to coordinate with their billing department, was very unhelpful and never seemed to care that this was done incorrectly.   Finally after months of back and forth, they reluctantly resubmitted (incorrectly for different reasons) another claim.  My insurance company did the right thing and adjusted the claim to show as in-network.  Once that happened, the $85 that went towards the deductible was subtracted, so I would still owe $85 for any future doctor visits in order to meet my deductible.  Basically, I paid Marquis $85 and had to pay an additional $85 worth of deductible to my insurance company (after the reversal) to satisfy the individual deductible for the year.   After this occurred, I decided to contact a manager at my insurance company, so he could help resolve this issue and get a refund from Marquis.  It has been 15 months (yes almost a year and a half), and I have still not received a refund from Marquis.  I called to talk to the general manager about a month ago to inform them that I was going to give them another chance for my business, despite this ongoing issue.   I had left a detailed message for the GM through a different employee and briefly explained the history and my concern about going back there because of the issues.  The GM never called me back, so that was final straw.  It's very unfortunate that they would let this continue for so long and lose business over a trivial amount of money.  For me, it's the principle that outweighs the dollar amount.   I would never go there again or recommend this place to of my friends.
1	I too have been screwed over by their billing company. They fraudulently charged me too much for copays and claim "the checks in the mail". I have called the location who keeps referring me to the billing company. The billing company never contacts you. My insurance company investigated and they told the the check was just sent to me (that was 3 months ago).Their in-office service was OK and I didnt have a problem with that at all... its billing I have a huge issue with.
1	The actual experience of the CT was fine.  The techs were fine, etc.   BUT, the front desk staff is horrible.  It turned out that the test was going to cost @ $230 up front, which surprised me as I have never paid anything up front before besides a small co-pay.  Other imaging places always billed the insurance and then billed me for anything that remained.  Not this place.  She called me up, and abruptly (almost rudely) said, "How are you paying for the $230 copay?"  Those were literally her first words to me.  No explanation of what this cost was for.  No easing me into the fact that I needed to hand over hundreds of dollars 4 days before Christmas.  Basically no people skills at all.  I needed the test, so I paid the money.  Later, I went back up and asked what the charges were for and she basically blew me off and said to call my insurance company.  The whole thing left a VERY bad taste in my mouth.  I wanted to leave, but they already had my money.  I've still not been able to figure out why I was charged that much, and up front.  I'm waiting on my insurance claim sheet to come back to me and hopefully that will explain it.  But, the reviewers on here that had issues with incorrect, almost fraudulent billing are making me even more nervous.  Even if it's billed correctly and I did owe that money, they made me feel like the money was all they cared about and that I should just 'pay up' and shut up.  I'll never go back to this place, even if the charges were correct.  It's not worth feeling like I'm getting screwed over and having the added stress of their bad attitude during an already stressful illness.  Someone needs to train those front desk workers -- they're an insult to the public.
2	Sort of a cluster at check-in. They are so scared they might lose a dollar that they RE-VERIFY your insurance by phone once you sign in. That's the main reason they want you to come in 30 minutes BEFORE your actual appointment. The front office is a flurry of people on hold with insurance companies trying to make sure that they get every cent that they can out of you. The MRI experience itself was not too bad. The "tech" asked me a bunch of medical questions that had nothing to do with my MRI. I guess it makes them feel  like their 6 week vocational training certificate makes them knowledgeable? An MRI screen requires TWO questions; 1. Do you have any metal in or on your body? and 2. Do you have any tattoos? (The tattoo question only really applies if it was done prior to the 90's when some inks actually had metallic particles in them, especially the greens and blues.)
1	If I could give zero stars I would. I have been waiting for three hours for an appointment that was 2.5 hours ago.  The person is running behind, no kidding.  They must think people don't have any lives.  I guess schedules don't mean anything.
1	The worst experience I have ever had in an imaging facility.  Complete disrespect for the clients time.  A 15 minute MRI and 2 copies of the CD took 1 hr and 45 minutes.  Absolutely unacceptable.  Appointment time means nothing. Compared to Smile Imaging this  imaging center needs professional help.  Use Smile Imaging if you can.
