5	I would usually never take the time to review an Express.  But I will now.This is the one at the Forum Shops, or so I hope.  And it was amazing.  For someone like me, whose wardrobe consists of 85% Express clothing, I was impressed.  Not only is it huge, but it is well staffed and has a lot of pieces I haven't seen at other stores, and I"ve been to quite a few.  One of the girls who worked there told me that they are actually a test store, so that explains why they have an abundance of goodies that you haven't seen yet!
4	Express is alwayz a hit or miss for me, but since my girl friends had a dress theme going in Vegas for the weekend and I didn't bring any dresses, I thought Express would do the trick.  This location is bigger than most that I've been to.  They have a nice selection going on and I found a dress that I like!  And it was on sale which made it even better!  Lines weren't too long for the dressing room or the cash register.  I'd have to say, this is a great store to hit if you're looking for a last minute outfit to hit the town in!
5	This store is great... I much prefer this Express locations to the other ones in Vegas.  I was told that this is actually the largest Express in the nation -- not sure if that's true, but it is big.  I'm a fan of their graphic tee's, and I've got one or two of their MX shirts.  Decent prices, too.
5	This is the largest Express I have been to.  Great deals and great selections.  The staff members were very helpful and very nice.  I ended up buying a jacket I've been eyeing for for awhile now but didn't want to spend $159.00 for it.  I came to this express and it was on sale for $40.00 and they had many sizes when all the other stored sold out of it.  The men's section also had a large selection and stocked with sale items.Ended up purchasing over $400.00 dollars worth of clothing for only $92.00.  Well stocked, many selections, great deals, and friendly staff, short lines... That deserves 5 stars in my book.
2	Although this is probably the largest Express store that I have been to, I was not impressed with their lack of customer service, the lack of an attendant at their fitting rooms and the lack of sizes.  They have a nice selection of clothes, the current collection and the newly incoming. The lines are fast moving at the registers. The sales associates are pretty good looking but they are not always in the best of spirits. This is typically a store that I hit up (when on vacation) and I need something basic and not real pricey. I stopped in here with the intention of purchasing maybe something "prep-cute" like a signature polo and a pair of legging for when we were to go hit the clubs or dinner. Anyways, they didn't have the sizes, styles or colors that I was looking for. You know how it goes. They have the size you want in a color you don't like, and vice versa. Anyways, I thought the store was pretty awesome but their offerings were a lil weak, for what I was looking for.
3	I bought a gorgeous pink cotton dress here last weekend.  My chief complaint is that they didn't really have a sale section. There were some good deals, but the dress I got was basically the same price as the tag said.  This isn't the outlet shopping experience I love so much in Las Vegas.  The sales folks were friendly, but it took them a while to get the dress in the right size down from the top shelf.
5	Aren't all Express stores the same?  NO!  This one is #1!We've all been to a million Express stores, and know that the difference is 1.) inventory and 2.) service.  This Express store has a lock on both!The Express store at Caesar's is just incredible...friendly individuals who will run themselves ragged trying to find your size.  And the inventory at this store is amazing.  It's worth a trip to this store if you are an Express fan!
5	The flagship Express @ the Forums in Caesar's has been a go to clothing store for me for years.  I love Express for their Men's dress shirts.  The best part of this location is that it is the flagship location in Vegas.  The benefit of the title and location come with exclusive designer label shirts, jeans, etc straight from the New York based location.  Another awesome point that this store has always driven home to me is in the service department.  They have the largest location in town, but always manage to get me taken care of.  From the minute I walk into the store there is always a friendly, helpful face to help me find my way around.   By far, the best Express in town!
3	This store is pretty big and it is located inside the Bellagio :)I browsed around looking for some nice tops and a gift for Dave's sister, but really didn't find anything that caught my interest.There was a promotion going on so every store assistant came and presented me with a flyer...sheesh - I had 3 in the 20 minutes I was there.Overall the store was neat and well maintained.
5	Great customer service, I have grown to love this store! Take advantage of good deals & discounts (I know I have ;) I saved almost $200 on 30 items in the past month with coupons!
5	This may be one of the largest Express' in the nation! My cousin and I have developed some sort of unnoticed link to this store the past couple weeks! We found ourselves back in the store every other day due to extended sales and promotions that they were holding.  Not only were the sales great, the store and customer service went hand in hand with their promotions!  Each employee greeted the both of us sincerely, while asking us if we needed help from time to time. I really felt I was at  home by how we were treated.  We did purchase more due to the pleasant service, but that is their job right?! I give two thumbs up to this store and their workers!
5	I normally don't go through Express due to most of the merchandise being either to clubby or drab. But one of my fashion-savvy friends who came to Vegas with us was unpacking and pulled out an ultra-cute cardigan and a few dazzling dresses. She mentioned that Express on-line had some great sales. But it's been a while since I trekked it in an Express, so I gave it a shot at this huge location inside the Forum. Strike a pose, baby!  The sales section was amazing. They had plenty of sizes in general and the quality of the merchandise is way better than H&M. I bought an adorable leopard print mini-dress, two cardigans, a timeless black cotton wrap dress and a really curve enhancing black shirt all for under $60! That was after taxes! They even have shopping bags advertising "Express Sale!", which led me to think that they must have these sales frequently.I am a convert. No longer will I snub past Express, but rather give in to the glorious sales that they have.
4	In the land of huge stores, not only are we lucky enough to have this monster store, but also the H&M. When I come to the Forums, these two shops are the only ones I stop in or the only ones where I can find anything. With the larger selection of inventory comes a larger scale sale. When they have their semi annual clearance, it is a field day of awesomeness. I like their fitted dress shirts because they have a tailor made feel to them. They have different styles for different body types which sets Express apart from their competitors. Instead of focusing on one group of people, they take the approach that everyone should be given the opportunities to dressing well. The spectrum of colors is another reason why I love Express. For a while the only white and black dress shirts I owned were for work. Everything else is as bright and colorful as my personality. ;p
2	Nice fitting shirts and pants, nice looking too. Problem is, it's all cheaply made crap from China. Many of the dye's run easily, and the quality isn't very good. Very expensive when you consider the low quality. I only shop there when there is a big sale and the prices come down to a reasonable level, otherwise, it's a rip off.
4	the more i shop at express the more i fall in love. its becoming one of my favorite stores to shop. i never realized how inexpensive it was also. i love all the current neon bright colors that theyre offering right now. Also when your in the store check out the accessories, they are SO cute and sleek. not "costumey" like some stores. Whenever your at town square pay Express a visit.
4	The Clip From The Trump to Bellagio White dress shirt checkBlack suit checkBlack shoes check Black Belt Check Black tie check Where the puck is my tie clip. Na na na this can't happen right now half an hour till walk-in. If I don't have my tie clip I'm incomplete. No worries head down to Trump essentials. Excuse me miss I'm looking for a tie clip. (Clerks response sorry were out of stock) What! puck it, theirs a mall across the street. Nordstroms baby, Excuse me sir, do you have any silver tie clips? (Response YES ah oh inner chris rock #cheappete saw the price. Just for one tie clip. Okay oaky think something real fast. Taxi I need to get to the Forum shops pronto. Only one spot on my mind and the taxi-driver can keep the meter running. Thank you EXPRESS for your location and budget friendly silver tie clips I'll pay $20 for a tie clip last minute.Yes I'm cheap, judge me driving pass you in the fast lane.
4	thank you to the manager for giving me a great discount, and all the employees for their help!
5	Came in to do some Christmas shopping for my boyfriend and their customer service was beyond excellent. Two of their employees helped me out when they weren't even on the clock, the whole staff was super friendly and happy and polite, even the cashier was all smiles and made the time to greet me as soon as I walked in the door even though they were relatively busy!
