3	This is the first Arizona installment of the famous Denver based coffee chain. This location is inside of the Great Indoors though has its own private street entrance so you don't have to look at over priced items to get a decent cup of coffee. The menu is simple with takes on Starbucks classics. Though I think its their coffee and roasting that sets them apart from SB's.. the taste doesn't have that classic burnt taste that SB's seems to be known for.. Im not really a coffee guy but I do prefer the smokey roast of SB's.. hence the 3 stars.. the staff were friendly and there are plenty of places to chill and hang out while you sip your coffee. It is nice to see something different.
4	Facing day 3 of nonstop parent-teacher conferences, I knew I needed a good cup of coffee to keep me going. So I headed to Dazbog- or, if you will, Commie Coffee :) - this morning, excited to try the new coffee shop in the Promenade. I was surprised and sad to realize that they don't open until 7:30 am. Pretty unusual for a coffee shop. So I came back on my lunch break, and I'm glad I did. The two young baristas were very friendly, and chatted with me as one made the mocha and the other negotiated putting a huge red velvet cupcake in a bag, trying not to smush the frosting. The management of this Dazbog is the same as it was when they were a Starbucks. The young man told me that the owner tasted Dazbog when he was in Denver, and decided to convert. They have teas and fruit smoothies as well as your standard coffee favorites, and unlike the 'bucks, they have *fresh* pastries from a local bakery. Much appreciated, for sure. However, the sandwich selection was pre-packaged like they are in gas stations, and really, who eats those things? I say do the savory side better, or lose it. There are plenty of quick lunch solutions in the Promenade- Dazbog can do without it. The coffee was very good, not too sweet- which I appreciate- and packed a punch. There are 3 shots in a large at Dazbog, whereas I have to order an extra shot in a Starbucks venti. Oh- and the sizes are just small, medium, and large- you don't have to learn a new cofflanguage to order. The red velvet cupcake was very yummy and so huge I took it back to school and shared it with 5 co-workers. I will be back for sure, but it would be far more often if they opened earlier.
5	OK, I've decided that other coffee shops sell swill. I think about Dazbog coffee in a dreamy sort of way, like unstressed people think about sex. I mourn often that they open so damn late in the morning. Seriously, I would be there every day... The chocolate cappuccino rocks my world and perks me right the hell up, even on the mushiest afternoon. No bitterness, not overly sweet, just blissful- in an I've-just-been-bitch-slapped-by-caffeine sort of way, of course. Oh, and the sandwiches I complained about? Replaced by real deli looking ones in clam-shells. Far more appetizing. But what the hell do I need a sandwich for when I can have a giant red velvet cupcake? Don't make me break out the voodoo, Dazbog. Just open at 6:00 am like any other coffee shop and we'll be BFFs.
4	Awesome iced tea. After a glass and half I was ready to conquer the world! I met the owner and his wife at a the grand opening of a charity thrift shop where they were handing out samples of their coffee and iced tea. This coffee shop is located inside of the Great Indoors and I will definitely visit next time I am shopping there.
5	I'm writing this review as a laptop user first and caffeine consumer second - I wanted that to be clear upfront.The seating as Dazbog in Scottsdale is ample and diverse, with tables and cushy chairs as well as ample bar seating. The lighting is excellent during the day because of the huge north-facing windows that avoid eye-squinting direct sunlight.  There are six outside tables with umbrellas, each with four chairs, that are wonderful seating (except at the peak of the Arizona summer).There are plugs along the window near the cashier counter that (currently) only reaches 2 tables, and then another set of plugs near the two clocks showing Scottsdale time and Moscow time. There is also an outlet next to one of the outside tables. Usually I would rate the power-to-seating ratio of Dazbog poorly, but there are very few people using the power, so I've never had a problem getting an outlet - and I've been there 40+ times.The wifi is PERFECT - I've never had a problem connecting, and the speed allows me to video chat, upload files to a server, and check email at the same time. Speednet.com measures the download speed at 6.1MB/sec - not bad at all.The staff is VERY friendly and does a great job remembering your drink by the 2nd or 3rd time you come in, and the franchise owner Steve is always working alongside his employees with a smile on his face.The friendly staff, good lighting, steady-but-not-crazy customer flow, high ceilings (it's nested inside the Great Indoors but with its own entrance), and comfortable seating make this a really great coffee shop for laptop users, students, and even for small to medium group gatherings.
4	I have to admit that I find myself thinking that I like mine tall dark and Russian.  It's nice to have a coffee shop near by that's not Starbucks, has good coffee and reasonable prices.  So far I just stick with the house brew (which is smooth and not too bitter yet not too sweet) since the fancy coffee drinks usually have many calories that I do not need!  I have tried the blueberry muffin-quite yummy as well as the chocolate chip cookies- delicious.  The cafe is attached to The Great Indoors so you can people watch, browse thru design books or take a leisurely stroll through the design center.  It's a great way to unwind or perk up on your choice of caffeinated beverage.
5	Best coffee in town.  Super friendly staff.
5	I was with a meetup group of about 12 people and the place was quite accommodating.THE FOODI had iced mocha, peach (or something of the sort) smoothie and a blueberry scone.The mocha was delicious and not too sweet. Certainly did not have a burnt aftertaste. As a non-gourmet coffee drinker, this one was just fine by me.Smoothie was also surprisingly good for a coffee place. Definitely less sugary/ice-filled than Jumba Juice, so three thumbs on this.The scone was good, I wasn't the one that got it, but the fact that I stole half of it should speak for itself. SETTINGThe coffee shop itself is rather large and once you get over the fact that its part of a huge store, feels rather nice. You can get settled in alone, with a friend or a dozen really well.SERVICEGood. Pleasant. No complaints. OVERALLIndeed, God does grant nice places to hang out.
5	One of the best tuna sandwich I've ever had, the coffee is amazing too defenitely 5 stars.
3	Dazbog Coffee is locate inside The Great Indoor and serves really good coffee. As I've said in my other review, I come here a few times a week and always enjoy the folks behind the counter and the pastries. They also have a flat screen tuned usually to the Food Network or the Golf Channel.
3	Meh.I was at Office Max and needed a pick-me-up, and this place is right next door, within The Great Indoors. Convenience is a plus.I was wavering on how many stars to give this one. I'm not a fan of the superautomatic machines, and I wasn't real impressed by the coffee itself, so I was thinking 1 or 2 stars for that...but, on the other hand, for what it is, it's decent. Pretty comparable to Starbucks, really, but kinda lacking the burnt taste that sbux espresso has, so that's nice. Don't get me wrong--I will always have a special place in my heart for the siren; after all, I gave her five years of my life (and experienced the dreaded machine change-over), and I loved most of my time there, but, like I said, I'm just not a fan of the superautomatics.The latte did the trick and satisfied my coffee-drink craving, so I can't knock that, but it just tasted weak to me and didn't knock my socks off or anything (I got my typical iced latte and took home some honey to drizzle over it).The taste itself was not bad, just weak. I expect 'weak' when I get an automatic latte, though.The service was fine. I was the only customer at that moment, and I was greeted right away before I got to the counter. They were kind enough to offer to put the honey in for me, although I just took the packets home with me. Service is a plus.All-in-all, it's not a bad place, and they had a few cute retail items from what I could see. If I'm at Office Max and need a coffee really really badly *right now,* I might go again, but I don't think there'll be a need for it. If I need some coffee, and I didn't bring my own from home or I'm not close enough to a stand-alone shop that I favor, then I'll stick with Starbucks, for nostalgia's sake :)
