4	I would recommend this company. Good job!
5	My husband and I decided we were finally going to take the plunge and invest in new flooring for our entire house.  We researched and found fantastic reviews about the AZ Floor Company.  Every review we read was positive and we wondered could that actually be true?  After scheduling an appointment online for an estimate, their Installation Manager, Larry came out with many samples in hand.  He was easy to work with and offered solid suggestions for our house that would fit our needs.  We picked everything out (wood, tile and carpet) and scheduled for installation.  Since we had three different types of flooring three different crews came out to install.  Each crew arrived on time, every time and stayed until the job was at a reasonable spot to leave for the day.  They were professional and worked hard, cleaning up after themselves and leaving the house as neat as possible; we have two dogs and a cat, so that was important.  During the process, Larry stayed in contact, responding to questions within minutes as well as checking in to make sure everything was going as expected.  He was fantastic!  We love the result!  Our house looks brand new; we could not have made a better decision, going with the AZ Floor Company!!
5	Working with Larry was a very pleasant experience and top notch service. Met me and my realtor at my house with samples, took measurements and got the installers scheduled. The installation and installers were very professional and did a fantastic job. I won't hesitate to recommend Larry for any flooring solution. 5 stars all the way!
5	Larry came highly recommended and I agree he was fabulous. He was able to accommodate for an evening meeting time and brought quite a few samples. Since the appointment was at my house I was able to see what the flooring would look like against my furniture and in the various rooms I was having done. This was such an added benefit from searching at the box stores. Throughout the project from scheduling to installation Larry kept me up to date and I knew exactly what to expect. The crew that came out did an amazing job. My floors look beautiful! I would highly recommend AZ Floor Company for your flooring needs.
1	If you are having tile installed on a second floor, make sure they qualify that your floor doesn't flex too much for tiles to set properly. The subcontractor told us that ours flexed too much after it was installed. My tiles now "crunch" as I walk on them. Don't let them lay tile over linoleum on a second floor. Linoleum must come up.
1	If you are having tile installed on a second floor, make sure they qualify that your floor doesn't flex too much for tiles to set properly. The subcontractor told us that ours flexed too much after it was installed. My tiles now "crunch" as I walk on them. They were kind enough to extend the warranty to two years, but I was told by the subs this would happen, so it does no good to complain. Just be aware.
