2	we checked in at 6am and it was cleanoh, and it cost $57 for two beds including taxesthe other things i dont think i could speak for
4	Small-ish bathroom loses a star, since I was traveling with kitty and the litterbox barely fit in.....Comfy bed and a coffeemaker, refrigerator and iron were all appreciated. Speedy check-in and -out, and a good location, straight out Washington to the center of Madison. A tad cheaper than the EconoLodge down the road (and by a tad, I mean less than $1).
1	*Beware when choosing 2-star rooms on Madison's East Side for Priceline.*I truly believe any positive review of this place on the net was accidentally referring to the West side Baymont. This place was disgusting. Our room was tiny and horribly dated, but that wasn't the problem. The first issue was the nose-burning odor of Febreeze and stale cigarette smoke, even though we had a "non-smoking" room. There was no real temperature control and when the heat DID switch on there was a horrible smell of burning *something* (hair?) coming from the heater. My husband attempted a shower, which promptly filled with water at his feet (eeew) and I decided to hop on the rock-hard bed and watch some TV. The blankets were matted and threadbare - really disgusting. Plus, we could hear people loudly in the halls. When he got out of the shower, my husband said "I kind of want another shower..." and our decision was made. We made the reservation through Priceline so we had to cut our losses, but we simply couldn't stay there. It was just disgusting. I've stayed in lower-end hotels before, but this place was simply awful.
1	Definitely one of the worst hotels I have ever been in. Typically, I don't care too much because I hardly spend anytime in the hotel while on vacation. However, facts are facts and this pace isn't very good. Definitely not worthy of it's two star rating.
1	I so wish I could rate it -5.Having stayed at a Baymont in Traverse City and Macinaw City in the past month - both of which were wonderful (except the breakfast) - I was stunned when I pulled up to this ramshackle motel.  Just from the outside it appeared to be the poster child for the seedy.  What a dump!Here's what's  worse.  Spoke with 'Eric' three times the day prior to our scheduled stay and was constantly assured a first floor suite would be no problem.  (My wife is handicapped). We show up and are told that there are no first floor rooms available despite previous assurances otherwise.  We roll with the punch and ask for a second floor room near the elevator.  Guess what?  There IS NO ELEVATOR.  The lone bright spot is they cancelled our reservation on the spot (they'd better not charge me - they said they wouldn't).  Thanks to 'Roger' for doing that.Sure wish I had researched the hotel with Yelp prior.  I won't repeat that mistake.
1	* Second time I had to stay at a baymont inn from my road trip from Houston to Wisconsin, I already had a bad experience at Janesville, WI Baymont .Well if you want a cheap room for some shut eye only this is a good place to stop, it's cheap, you have a bathroom to shower and a TV to entertain for a few hours... then it's back on the road!I wanted a non-smoking room and got reservations 2 weeks in advance.  The room they gave me smelled so bad.  I asked for another room and that room reeked also...3rd time was a 4 from 1-10.. With some carpet fresh... lol serous just go to Best Western nice place with great places to go too!!! Again, they charge extra if you have more than 1 person from the advertised price.
3	Not a bad looking hotel, from the outside. Of course, getting what you pay for, I can't really complain about the faux wood paneled wall in our room. I can complain about the noise; but only to an extent. I'd gotten sick so I'd have liked peace and quiet at 8pm - which isn't reasonable and I know that. The place quieted by 10pm.The beds were very comfortable so I slept well. The customers in and out of the parking lot looked a bit shady, but a hotel cannot discriminate, so we just kept to our room and kept the door locked. I really liked the breakfast bar in the morning - which included a make-your-own-waffle machine. That in itself made up for the dated decor of our room. I'd stay here again if I were traveling through, which I don't plan on. However; I have more road trips in the near future planned so I would stay at another Baymont Inn.
1	I went to Madison for some business and accidentally booked this Baymont instead of the one on the West side.  And whoa what a difference a word makes!  The guy at the front desk was professional enough, really trying hard.  But, the Baymont Inn and Suites of East Madison is not a place for business travel.  It really more of an end-of-the-road, times are tough kind of place.  I saw families living in rooms the same size as some NYC bedrooms.  I saw sketchy folks in the hallway and in the parking lot that reminded me of an episode of Intervention.  The plumbing pipes were loud.  There were children running up and down the hallway because they had no where else to play.  It was really depressing.  I stayed long enough to use a restroom, charge my phone a teeny bit, and find another hotel.  When I got out into the parking lot to drive away, my rental car's tire had been slashed.  So I spent the rest of the night dealing with that (from another hotel, thankfully).If you have another choice, don't stay here.(And there is no WiFi)
1	This hotel does not deserve any stars as far as I am concerned. Before we booked the hotel, we called it to see if it had the basic things that we usually like to have in a hotel which is a pool/hot tub, continental breakfast etc. The person we spoke to (don't remember her name) said yes we have all of those things. When we got the the hotel and checked in, we couldn't find a pool because apparently they don't have one even though we were told they did. We got to our room; as soon as we opened the door it smelled like a leaky basement, the room was very gross, the bathroom was so small I am surprised a person could even fit in it at all; our view from our room was the back of a store which is covered with dumpsters and garbage. All in all this place is not the place I would go to at all. Oh and by the way, the hotel does NOT give refunds, so we were stuck there.
1	My room was fine.  Reasonably clean.  HBO.  Lots of restaurants nearby that deliver.However, at about 10:00pm, in the room directly across the hall from me, I heard a woman screaming at the top of her lungs and a lot of sounds that sounded like people were in a physical fight.  I called the front desk because I thought someone was being hurt.  I watched through the peep hole as the front desk manager came up and talked to the people in the room.  The woman screamed that she needed help and that she was being strangled.  The man started to yell about how his wife was being negligent toward their child and that the woman was intoxicated.  The front desk manager talked to them for a few minutes and then announced that he was going to call the cops.  I listened to the woman scream for the keys and then listened to her slam the door and flee.  Then, the police arrived and I listened to them interrogate the man across the hall for quite awhile, on and off, as they told him they might have to arrest him for felony strangulation, told him that they had arrested the woman because there was a warrant out for her arrest, and asked him to give them some pants, because apparently the woman had fled the room pantless. Needless to say, this was a bit distracting. Over the course of the police interrogation (which was impossible not to hear from across the hall, as the walls were not very thick), I learned that these individuals had been living in this hotel for a year.  I emailed Baymont and received an email back from the management telling me that they felt they had handled the situation well.  Fair enough, but if these individuals are living in the hotel, I wonder if it might happen again.  I'm glad the front desk called the police, but the fact remains that I didn't think I was going to have to listen to a police interrogation as I prepared for my job interview, which was distracting.
1	Yikes, you get what you pay for. There were stains on the box spring that looked like someone got their brains blown out. Also, nasty stains on the chairs. Looked like people were living long term in a tiny room. I can't see how that would be good for Baymont's business. I'd give it 0 stars if it were possible.
1	I've never actually been scared staying in a hotel until I stayed here.  Druggies hanging out in the parking lot on a week night!  Cheap hotel but I don't recommend staying here if you want to feel safe.
