5	We've had all 3 of our cars here at one time or another. They do the standard gamut of car repairs plus alignments, lifts and tires for off-road vehicles and probably other stuff I can't think of that I haven't had to have done. I like Quinn - he's a straight shooter and probably the most honest person I've ever met. I even like doing the routine maintenance G or I could do ourselves here because Quinn makes sure to give the cars the once-over and alert you if he sees anything askew. Prices are fair. Recent alignment $100. Oil change $40. Couple hundred dollars to deal with a whacked out cooling system in an SUV that had sat without running for more than 2 years. Most of the time I look at the bill and I'm shocked in a good way - prices are much less than I imagine they will be. Recently we dropped off G's car for brakes and Quinn called an hour later telling me the car didn't need brakes for another 15,000 miles or so and to come pick it up - no charge for his time. Our cars are never there for more than a day either - swift service.
5	Excellent service! My car just happen to break down right in front of this place. So I went on in and they ended up towing my car into the shop since it wouldn't even start. Turns out it was my alternator, which this was the 4th time this had happen to me! My old mechanic had "fixed the problem", and yet it still kept breaking down. Armstrong auto finally fixed my actual problem! As well as having my car fixed and ready to pick up the next day before closing. Thanks guys!
5	I've used Armstrong Automotive a couple times before. The first time, my brake line went out. The second time, my battery was dying. (These events were spread apart by over a year.)When my brakes failed, I looked up the nearest auto mechanic and they were it. The service was fast, friendly, and fair. So when the battery started going out, I could've taken my car anywhere, but I brought it back here.Now I'm looking at another issue (misfiring cylinders -- it's an old car). I trust Armstrong Automotive and will be bringing my car in for this repair too.They're worth giving a try. I've had nothing but a positive experience so far.Update: These guys really are honest and trustworthy. I will always take my car here anytime I have a problem or question. Just got my car back. They did an excellent job at a fair price. Great at explaining things and what needed repair and what didn't. Go to these guys for all your auto repair/maintenance needs. They've made me a loyal customer.
5	This place has done everything right for me. I just moved from out of state and heard a grinding from my brakes. I got a recommendation from a Napa auto parts store and WOW. I will be a loyal customer for life. Price was fair too. Thanks guys you are awesome. I do  entertainment professionally, I will tell everyone about this place.
