5	The Harrahs Buffet of Buffets is worth it for the novelty alone.  You can visit any Harrahs property buffet as often as you like during a 24 hour period.  Note that they're not actually open 24 hours a day; actually none are open past 10pm.  Also, the Ceasars Palace dinner is dark on Tuesday and Wednesday I think, so make sure to double check on availability.How many buffets can one indulge themselves with in a 24 hour period?  I was able to do three - Paris, Planet Hollywood, and Ceasars Palace.  A quick rundown: Paris lunch was just okay IMO, but the fact that you can get a custom made to order dessert crepe is pretty cool.  PH had the best selection for dinner.  Ceasars lunch (the following day) was probably the swankiest, but not as good as PH.  My group and I opted to skip Ballys, Harrahs, Imperial Palace, and Rio.  I wouldn't have minded checking out Rio, but it's proximity to the places we were gaming pushed it off the list.  Actually, we DID stop by Harrahs for good measure, but only to quickly walk in/out to grab cotton candy and gelato at the end of our 24 hour period..  That's right, we did it just because we could.The Buffet of Buffets gets 5 stars because I've paid at least $35 for one buffet at Wynn in the past.  When I go to Vegas, I'm going to get at least one buffet no matter what..  I have to.  It's tradition.  If I'm going to get one, why not indulge and get two or three for the same price?Okay, gym time.
5	The price is $39.99 for non-awards members and $34.99 for members and considering that one dinner buffet costs between $25 and $30, this will pay for itself in 2 buffets (since breakfast and lunch are cheaper). Tip: buy your pass late one evening for dinner, maybe about 8:30 or so, then you'll have until 8:30 the next night to have an early dinner. Try to fit in breakfast and lunch and you've done 4 buffets! We tried this, but unfortunately, we didn't eat breakfast until 11 so we were too full for lunch and ended up doing dinner around 4ish.A great way to check out the buffets without having to pay full price for each one.
4	Mmmmm... This is a great deal and pays for itself with two visits.  The only star deduction was the LONG lines to get in.  With this deal it would be nice for a line dedicated for those of us who purchased the deal.
5	The BEST thing ever created!its like Vegas own little oasis of buffets... for cheap!! One time payment of $40, to go to 7 different buffets within 24hrs of purchase, go at dinner time so u can squeeze in 2 dinners, purchase at any of the participating buffets! Get the membership its free anyways and you save $5.We managed to hit up 4 out of the 7 buffets.1. Le Village Buffet@Paris: for dinner: a beautiful buffet. they had real spicy tuna sushi, not the fakes just drenched in spicy mayo. and the Creme Brulee is reason enough just to go there!2. Paradise Garden Buffet@Flamingo: for breakfast: overlooking the flamingo garden, yes it actually has flamingos, in comparison to Paris buffet it is only 1/4 the size of it. overall the food was ok, and the view was pretty, a great way to enjoy a cup of coffee in the morning n relax after a hard nights partying. 3. Spice Market Buffet@Planet Hollywood: for lunch: categorized by different areas of the world, it had wide variety of food. it had food ive never tried before, so that was exciting. very lax n had the game playing on tv. :)4. World Carnival Buffet@Rio: for dinner: had to be my FAVORITE buffet of ALL TIME! had its own make-it-yourself magolian BBQ and pho/soup counter. and had gelatos for dessert, i had the tirasuma(sp)!! even had its own bar inside, they were serving happy hour at the time, right before closing time we went on a tuesday night. dont miss this buffet or youll regret it.we have yet to try the other locations, keep you posted. well...Until next time HAPPY EATING!
4	Even after a few weeks, I still feel guilty from eating from the buffet of buffets. For $35 (after getting a player's card) you get to eat at seven deadly buf -(COUGH *sins*)- fets  for 24 hrs, so plan wisely! (this doesn't include the bellagio or wynn buffets though =[ ) Hour one.Dinner: Spice Market Buffet at Planet Hollywood. A disappointment and poor start. The seafood was terrible, salty, and odd tasting. The line to get in took ~30 mins, but there were lines for the food inside. The Mexican and American food was decent. I wasn't impressed and it definitely screamed cheap buffet food made enticing via variety.Hour sixteen. Brunch: Le Village Buffet at Paris. Crazy long 1.5 hr line. Luckily this buffet was worth it. They have fresh omelets, and fabulous mac&cheese. The atmosphere was also lovely. My favorite out of the three hands down.Hour twenty-three.five.Dinner: Paradise Garden Buffet at Flamingo. Surprisingly better than I expected! Chief food highlights: asian pork buns, dim sum, cotton candy, and a chocolate fountain. Oh, and their flamingos outside were pretty cool too I guess.All in all, the buffet of buffets was worth it for the price. But after the 2nd buffet, I couldn't imagine walking into a 3rd. Mmm it hurt so good.
5	I tend to avoid Buffets on the Strip because you can find better deals and minus the traffic. But i took a friend there. We went for Lunch time and the line moved quickly up to the Cashier. And i was impressed with the High Quality of the food. All the stations were up and running. They gave me a nice slice of ham at the carving station. The waitress always checked up on us. I had the Bananas Foster for Dessert which is a BIG PLUS for me, because not alot of buffets carry it. They usually carry the Bread pudding and Peach cobbler fare. Recommend this buffet.
3	Buffet of Buffets seems like a good idea. Eating at a variety of buffets for a modest price. I tried to going to as many buffets as I could which was five. The problem was that at a certain point I came to the realization that I am eating for the sake of eating. I wasn't hungry, I wasn't enjoying the food, I wasn't even eating my emotions. I was simply eating for the sake of eating. I could have spent my time more constructively like say stamp collecting or procrasterbating. Don't get me wrong if you are bulimic, eat your emotions, train for competitive eating, or like mediocre food. Then this is for you. It's a good deal, but maybe not a great idea. Just be prepared for the  hour+ lines.
3	24 hours of all you can eat meals for $50?   GREAT!  So so so not.Even the most high end hotels participating in this deal serve essentially the same foods with a few differences. (I went to Imperial Palace, Harrahs, and Paris)This is also an example of where quality suffers due to quantity.  I felt forced to eat meal after meal of cafeteria food. After the new-ness of crab legs, dessert bars, and infinite selection wore off, eating at buffet of buffets seemed more like an obligation than a pleasure.By the end I was really really sad I had to eat at one of these buffets...again... But if you are looking for volume of sustenance at a low cost, this is the deal for you!  As someone who would rather have less, more high quality food, this made me sorta sad...
4	Ok I think this is the best deal that you should in no way pass up if you are looking to eat on a budget while on the Strip. Lets see your average buffet in Vegas will cost you around 25 dollars.  This deal cost me 34.99 make sure you sign up for the membership card or it will cost you 5 bucks more.  I was able to eat three times in the 24 hr period.  I had lunch, dinner, and breakfast the following day.I purchased our passes at Harrah's because it was the closest to TI of all the seven buffets.  Word to the wise ask the staff what are the best buffets.  I was advise to eat at Planet Hollywood, Rio, and of course they promoted Harrahs.Lunch at Harrahs it was suprisingly ok.  The assortment did lag a bit but the food itself was tasteful.Dinner at Planet Hollywood. Food selection was good. The assortment was much greater than the Harrahs.Brunch at Rio.  Although I had to take a taxi which was well worth the 7 bucks instead of waiting on the trolley at Harrahs to commute.  This was the best of the 3 buffets that I had. Now its time to get buffet wasted.  The seafood was great.  The sushi was great and the crepes  to order were awesome.  The endless Mimoso didn't hurt a bit either. This was by far my favorite of the threeSo if you are looking to eat good on a deal on the strip go for the PASS AND GET BUFFET WASTED
5	VALUE! When i went it was $40 for 24 hours of access to the Harrah's chain of buffets including the likes of PH, Harrah's, Bally's, Paris, Rio (non-seafood), Ceasar's, and plenty more. I stayed with PH and Harrah's because PH is the best one of them and Harrah's has the best location and food quality but mostly location. Hit this up and eat like royalty while your in Vegas!
3	I'm not sure how to evaluate here because between the value, the quality, and the quantity, we have a huge disparity at each buffet.First, the value.7 casinos of buffet to select from within 24 hours. If you can fit in four meals within 24 hrs, you're paying $10/meal. For Las Vegas, that's a pure win. When we went two days ago, it was $39.99 for members and I don't know how much for non-members, but why wouldnt you get membership for a player's card if it's free anyway? To be honest though, my bf and I only had two meals, while his family had more because they wanted their bang for the buck. Can we really fit in 4 buffet meals in 24 hours? Not for a 5'3" girl who wants to eat everything in front of her. So it's only worth it for ppl who eat a lot. For me, I tend to skip meals because I'm lazy.The quality of food.Paris's dinner: Awful. So I've heard from our party. They said the oysters are alright but everything else was horrible.Caesar's brunch: MehPlanet Hollywood Spice Market: Okay. Alaskan King crab you can ask to get steamed up so that it's warm so very awesome. Don't try the sushi, it tastes like refrigerator.Quantity/Variety:Caesar's: very little varietyPH Spice Market: a lot of variety but food isn't great.So yeah, I'm just gonna give it a three star. I've had much better buffets, but now that we're in vegas, what is considered expensive becomes a lot higher and what is considered good quality lowers. Sad but true. Maybe when I make enough money, I will go to one of those fine dining restaurants....
4	My wife and i decided to try the "Buffet of Buffets" (BOB) pass for its value. We figured if we could get 3 meals out of it, then its a good deal. But choose your buffets wisely and expect to wait on line, especially on weekends and holidays. There is a choice of 7 buffets. From what I have read, skip the Imperial Palace. This is a lower grade place and have heard it is bad. Also, skip the Flamingo and Ceasars Palace, both are mediocre at best from my experience. Now, here was out strategy. We would do a late dinner the first night, early breakfast  the next morning, and then dinner that same day. 3 buffets should be your maximum goal. Any more than that you are eating for the sake of eating and trying to "win" your money back. I don't want to think I am trying to beat a casino at its own game. You will never win.For our first dinner we chose the World Buffet at the Rio. At one time this was the best buffet in Vegas. It is still decent, but it has definitely had a fall from grace in the last 6 years or so. We were here on the Sunday of labor day weekend and the wait on line was about 90min. By the time we started eating it was nearly 10pm. We felt so European. Like I said, the food was decent, the slow cooked meats were good as was the prime rib. Also, good salad bar. I would definitely go again with the BOB. But not worth the $25 base price which is what 95% of the people on line were paying. Also avoid weekends and holidays and your wait on line is more like 15min.For breakfast the next day, we did Le Village buffet at the Paris. The wait on line was about 25min. Not bad for Labor Day. The food was good breakfast fare. However, the does not resemble French food at all. Basically, it was all typical American fare with French names. For example, Potatoes Lyonnaise resembled under cooked/seasoned potatoes that were stuffed into the broiler to try to finish them off. Overall a good experience with the BOB.For our last supper on the BOB we chose the Spice Market Buffet at PH. This was out favorite. Overall, most of the food was good, but typical LV buffet food. What put it over the top for me was the Middle Eastern station. They had some freshly grilled kabobs that were absolutely delicious and the sides were great. Good hummus and baba ganoush(?). The pizza was good. Skip the sushi, so so. Would come back again and pay the $25 asking price.Would I do the BOB again. Yes! Would I follow this strategy of feasting again? For the dinners yes, maybe somewhere else for breakfast or Le Village again. Highly recommend getting the Total Rewards card first and saving the $6. This makes it about $14/meal and about the best deal on the strip.
5	When you go to Vegas you will most likely treat yourself out to a buffet. No doubt about it. Shoot, if you do do a buffet you might as well shell out the $40 for 24 freakin hours of goodness food!! Buffet of Buffets FTW!okay well you don't have to eat and stuff yourself, but you can travel to the different buffets to try a taste of each one, seven total! You can go to anyone of the 7 buffets and ask for the Buffet of Buffets. You'll get a wristband to rock and you'll be able to access any of the buffets listed.Rio has the best!! go there! :)
5	Brilliant marketing scheme. ** Get the Total Rewards Membership card BEFORE you go to the buffet **  haha, we waited in line at Caesar's Lago awhile before we realized you can't sign up for the card AT the buffet. Fortunately my husband and I took turns jumping out of line and running over to the cashier to get our cards.  We didn't even realize we were already members from back in 2005 :)  It's definitely worth the price since it pays for itself in two meals. Only problem is we got a little tired of buffets after lunch at Lago, dinner at Spice Market and lunch at Rio the next day.  I would probably get it again and just use it for two dinner buffets if you get the timing right. I've reviewed the buffets individually, but in a nutshell: Lago has terrible reviews but, although small, I loved the food quality and ambiance and would go back... Spice Market has good variety and generally good taste but is loud and feels unfriendly and smoke wafts down from the casino... and finally, Rio had some bright spots but is kinda overrated if you ask me - too big, crowded, lesser quality food, poor ambiance.  I have eaten at the Paris buffet in the past and highly recommend it. I have never eaten at the Harrah's or Flamingo's buffets. I wish other properties would offer this deal (do they?).
5	I highly recommend getting this pass. First sign up at one of the Harrah's Hotel/Casino player clubs to become a Total Rewards Member, then go to any of the 7 buffets and sign up right at the buffet line for the Buffet of Buffets 24 hours pass for $40 (It is for 24 hours, not just one day). You then have 24 hours to eat as much as you want. We started out around 7 ish for dinner the first night at Planet Hollywood, hands down the best buffet in Las Vegas...they have great seafood including pre-cut, hot or cold king crab legs that were phenomenal! Then the next day we woke up later then expected and hit the Paris for lunch around 11am, which was good, fresh made crepe bar (only sweet options though) good pasta and meats, rare prime rib, roast beef, chicken and maybe some others. We then hit Caesars Palace around 6 pm for dinner, which was horrible, very very small, and just not good food. The prime rib was well done, the fish very heavily fried, the lobster bisque tasted like tomato soup, just not good, desert was just like any other buffet, cookies, pastries, etc. So overall the buffet of buffets pass worked great, with the exception of Caesar's but apparently I should have read the reviews first and would have known, so my fault. The only thing was it was just too much food for me in that amount of time. So if you're not a huge eater I would recommend eating even later the first night, then get an early breakfast the next morning (or even just skip breakfast) and then you can go back for a later dinner...also as far as food I definitely recommend Planet Hollywood the first night when you're ready to eat a lot and enjoy, then whatever you want to try for breakfast the next morning, maybe Rio, I'm not sure how these stack up on breakfast, then probably Paris for dinner the second night, absolutely skip Caesars...*Also FYI it does not include the Seafood buffet at the Rio just the regular buffet
4	I never post on Yelp but I do have to recommend $40 buffet of buffet because of the value especially when you go with friends.I went in Sept and found that these were the best buffets to eat at in no particular order:1) Planet Hollywood2) Paris (brunch)3) RioDON'T go to:1) Ceasar's Palace (it's like hometown buffet since it's so limited)You would think that it would be nice since the hotel is nice but it's not.
5	How are you guys not giving this a five star rating? Yes they may not be the best buffets in vegas, that is a given but together with the powers of 7 buffets combined it is indubitably the best deal you will find. I got the buffet pass around brunch, only because we were leaving after brunch the next day. If I were to base my experience around buffeting I would probably do dinner to dinner. Planet Hollywood was my surprise pick this was because they had Alaskan king crab, who would have known? I'm glad that we skipped out on Caesars because from the reviews, the place sucks.  definitely hit up Paris for Brunch, they serve Champagne, which you can also get at Rio for brunch as well, but quality if food feels higher at Paris. It seems like most people on here are only able to complete 3 rounds of buffeting, I guess I'll aim for four next time.
5	Get this! It's a pretty good deal. If timed correctly, you can get 3 meals out of this: Ideally, a late dinner, breakfast, and a late lunch.It's easier to utilize this if you're on the strip more so than if you were staying at the Rio, but the Rio buffet is amazing.There are designated lines for this buffet now, and they're packed; sometimes the Buffet of Buffet line is longer than the original one. Just an FYI.
5	Lots of planning went into our "BOB" adventure. Objective: To eat as much as try as much food as possible in a 24 hour period. Methodology: We first scoured the websites of every buffet to find out the hours of operation, what was offered, and any little details such as if champagne was served during brunch. We then checked out the Yelp reviews of each buffet to help us narrow down. We also tried to lay out when each of our feeding times would be. We also considered doing exit interviews outside of some of the buffets to get the first hand experiences of consumers who tried the buffets (that didn't happen, we ran out of time). Parameters: We narrowed down to Rio, Spice Market, and Harrahs with Paris and Caesars as bonus options. We also had a Players Club card so it was cheaper than just off the street.Findings: The buffets are only open 7am - 10pm. So there are 9 out of 24 hours that you cannot enjoy a buffet. Based on local observations and Yelp reviews, we automatically eliminated Imperial Palace and Flamingo as potential buffets. The Rio does not include the Seafood Buffet. If you get a Saturday or Sunday Brunch in, some of the buffets include champagne and mimosas. In Summary: The Rio was good and included the king crab legs which are a waste of time. The Rio had a good dessert bar. The Spice Market where we did brunch had unlimited champagne mimosas. We spent almost 4 hours in here and probably had a bottle of champagne each. Lots of precious time to try another buffet but worth it for the taste and value. Harrahs was just a mediocre buffet but a good finish to the day. Didn't fit in Paris or Caesars because we spent too much time at Spice Market. Recommendations: Skip the salad bar and pasta stations unless it's a specialty item. You can get lettuce and spaghetti anywhere and it takes up precious space in the stomach. It is OK to start with dessert. And take small portions so you can taste everything then go back for seconds on what you like.  And don't forget to wear either a free flowing dress or elastic waist pants.
5	Totally worth the $40 + tax.  Only hit 3 locations but compared to the money I was dumping at the other dining spots, I fondly remember the sheer quantity and surprisingly quality of this deal.Good(s):Spice Market Sunday Brunch - Champagne was good.  Prime rib was excellent.  Just stay far away from the Asian station.Paris Lunch - Veggies were all cooked correctly and well-seasoned which was a good break when you're tired of eating the same food at each spot.  Good crepes too.Bad(s):Caesars Palace Dinner - Stay away.  Small selection with mostly unappetizing foods.
4	The buffets costs $39.99 if you are a Total Rewards member and $45.99 if you're not.  If you're not a Total Rewards member go to the Total Rewards desk and sign up, it's free.  This deal is worth it because you get to choose from 7 restaurants:  Le Village Buffet at Paris, Spice Market Buffet at Planet Hollywood, Garden Buffet at Flamingo's, Flavors, The Buffet at Harrah's, Lago Buffet at Caesars Palace, Emperor's Buffet at Imperial Palace and Carnival World Buffet at Rio's.  It's a 24 hour pass they put on your Total rewards card or they give you a wrist ban if you're not a member.  My husband and I were able to get 4 meals out of this deal.  We ate a late dinner the first night then breakfast, lunch and slightly early dinner the next day.  Here's where we ate:Le Village Buffet at Paris for dinner- I was disappointed in the food, I've wanted to go there for quite some time, after trying it, I most likely wouldn't go back.  The food was very mediocre.  The only thing I liked was the creme brulee.  Lago Buffet at Caesar's Palace for breakfast-  The buffet is small so not much to choose from.  The scrambled eggs looked kind of funny and runny so I didn't eat that.  Ate the ham, that was good.  I wouldn't pay the regular price of $17.99 to eat here.Spice Market Buffet at Planet Hollywood for lunch/brunch-  The food was pretty good, the menu had a good selection of seafood, American, Middle Eastern, Mexican and Asian food.  I got champagne with lunch so that was good.  Carnival World Buffet at Rio's-  Large selection of food and the food is pretty good.  The main highlights for me were the crab legs, prime ribs and Vietnamese Pho.  At the Asian counter, you can get noodles and soup such as Vietnamese Pho, wonton soup and tom yum soup.  It was neat.  Definitely try the gelato, it was yummy.  Quick tip:  The crab legs are not as good as those a Bellagio but they were still Ok except at Paris.  If you eat crab legs ask the server for a crab cracker or "sea shredder", it makes it a lot easier to eat the crab.
4	Trying to feed a hungry family on the cheap in Vegas? The Buffet of Buffets is a good option. In a 24-hour period, you can visit seven different buffets as much as you want. The selection of buffets are widely varied. During our trip we tried Caesars Palace, Imperial Palace and Flamingo. The wait at Caesars was quite long for lunch, but in the end I enjoyed the quality of the food and service, and the environment was modern and enjoyable. We tried Imperial Palace because we happened to be close to it, and boy, that was a mistake! You could be polite and call the decor kitschy, but the buffet seems like an old run-down cafeteria. With a choice of other better buffets, I would avoid this one. We tried going to Paris (which we have enjoyed in the past), but the wait at 8pm would have been at least 90 minutes, so we wound up at the Flamingo. The Flamingo was a nice surprise -- it's not the most modern, but the dining room is clean and airy, and the selection is pretty good. Most people seem to be going to the higher-end buffets, so there wasn't a huge wait here. For dinner, they have a lot of Asian selections, including a build-your-own-bowl-of-ramen bar. We also wound up here for Saturday brunch which includes all-you-can-drink champagne and a bloody mary bar (the first bloody mary is free). If you get seated near the windows, you get a lovely view of the garden with live flamingos and koi pond.If we were being strategic about our buffet visits, I would have skipped Imperial Palace and planned for either Planet Hollywood (which I have also enjoyed in the past) or Paris. Another buffet that you can visit is the one at Rio, but that would be lower on my list. The food is OK, but it's another room that could use some updating. I mean, seriously, could someone please replace the lightbulbs in that crazy 80's chandelier thing? More than half of them are burned out -- that's just plain lazy!
5	Yes, we hit all 7 buffets within a 24-hour period!  We can't say we ate full meals at each, and we can't say we really enjoyed the last few buffets.  But we did it, and we brag about it on a regular basis.First, a note... my husband and I do not have an eating problem.  We only intended to hit 3 or 4 buffets.  You can get your money's worth doing that.  But once we got a couple under our belt, then it became a pride thing to complete the challenge.  So here's how we did it.#1 - Caesar'sWe started with lunch on Friday.  The food and the atmosphere is great here.  But considering the size of Caesar's, I was surprised by how small the buffet is.  It seems they go for quality over quantity, which is not always my preference.  There was a line to get in, so keep that in mind when planning.#2 - Harrah'sWe were walking by the casino, and there was no line.  So we went in to check out the options and ended up getting a second dessert.  There's not a lot of buffets where cotton candy is available.. it was a nice, light treat.#3 - Imperial PalaceIt's an older property, and the buffet is not much more than a small cafeteria.  We got a quick salad, and moved right along.#4 - FlamingoI did another dessert here.  Don't judge... I'm a sucker for a chocolate fountain!  And if you're walking the Strip, the Flamingo is right next to the Imperial Palace.  So it was easier to get some chocolate and then go to dinner, rather than back-track.#5 - ParisWe had a nice dinner here.  Again, there was a line to get in.  But since we had already hit 4 buffets during the afternoon hours, having some extra time to digest didn't bother me.  There's some nicer high-end items at the Paris, but with a higher quantity than Caesar's.  So it was one of the best of the bunch.#6 - RioWe didn't wake up hungry on Saturday, but the Rio Carnival buffet has always been one of my favorites.  And on weekend mornings, mimosas are included.  So knowing the hard part was over, we gathered up what was left of our appetites and headed back towards the Strip.  We would have had a nice leisurely breakfast, if we didn't have to keep an eye on the clock.  But there was one more stop....# 7 - Planet HollywoodIn retrospect, I wish we had done this one earlier.  I had never been before, and I think I would have enjoyed it more if I hadn't stuffed myself over the past 23 hours.  There are some great international items, including fresh made naan.   Unfortunately, I only had a few bites before I told my husband it was time to go home and nap.A final note... your 24 hours start when you purchase the first buffet.  The time will be noted on your receipt.  If you're in line when your time is up, too bad.  There are generally lines at Caesar's, Paris, Rio and Planet Hollywood... some of them can be up to an hour, if you go at a peak time.  So keep that in mind, if you want to hit all 7.
4	This package is awesome value for money. That said, I'm not sure if I do it next time I'm in Vegas. By the  time the 3rd buffet came around, I wasn't really enjoying my food. Also, I spent a total of 2+ hrs in line (midweek), which is a pretty big commitment for a 24hr period. I'm sure weekends would be worse. But I guess that's better than losing money at the casinos...Some tips:-as others have mentioned, join the free total rewards, to save a few bucks-try to go a little earlier than the peak times, for shorter wait times-don't waste time at the bad buffets. Research in advance. I actually exclusively went to Paris and Planet hollywood-don't forget about the law of diminishing returns. Eat at your preferred buffet first, while you still enjoy the food, and work your way down-it is possible to get 4 meals out of this (if you're really trying to get your money's worth). Late dinner, bfast, lunch and early dinner. I couldnt wake up for the bfast though -some places don't check ID/ others don't look well, so you could technically send a friend in your place if you don't go
5	Bought this deal which seem really good even though I was too tired to really eat. After about 2-3 days of no sleeping I couldn't really eat much. Lines were not too long. I only went to the Rio and Planet Hollywood which were great and had a huge selection
3	This is a very good and convenient idea, but I'm not a fan of the execution. My main gripe about this is that even though you've essentially already paid for the buffet, you still have to wait in line to get in. That makes absolutely no sense to me, I don't see why there's not some sort of express line or at least allow people with the wristband to enter through the diamond/platinum entrance. It seems borderline pointless to get this pass while waiting in the infamously absurd lines for the Rio, Paris and Planet Hollywood buffets. Also, I really wish the pass was for 48 hours instead of 24. I originally intended to hit 3 of the buffets (Carnival World, which I omitted in place of Harrah's thanks to how frustrating the line was that night, Le Village at Paris and Spice Market at Planet Hollywood) and yet I only hit two thanks to an almost 3 hour wait at Paris (we got there at 1:00, didn't get in until almost 4:00). Not only were we both no longer hungry after finishing up but the line at the Spice Market was almost as bad as it was at Paris anyway. I think our game plan would have worked much better if we could have spread this out over 3 days, even in a period that's not as busy as Christmastime. Your stomach can only hold so much. I felt I did get my money's worth as the price of both of those buffets combined would have come out to be a few dollars more than the price of the promotion. The Harrah's buffet was pitiful, but Le Village more than made up for that and I definitely know I would go to the latter again, so I'll give the Buffet of Buffets that, but I will probably never do this again.
4	My wife decided she wanted to try the Buffet of Buffets for her birthday last month. I'm not a huge buffet fan and the prospect of eating at 7 buffets in one day was not something I was looking forward to. But it was her birthday so I agreed. And I have to admit I was kind of looking forward to trying that many places in one day.Our plan was to hit every buffet in one day. Did we make it? Let's see...We started our journey at 7:51 a.m. at Le Village at the Paris as we wanted to try their breakfast crepes. I had lyonnaise potatoes, chicken and bacon sausage, an assortment of cheeses, warm cherries, scrambled eggs with lox, and poached pear. It was all very good. My wife had a banana and blueberry crepe and eggs Florentine which were also good. The waitresses were extremely friendly and the setting was very unique and Parisian. The Paris had the best service of all the places we tried.Next we walked to the Emperor's buffet at Imperial Palace. We figured this would probably be one of the worst buffets so wanted to get out of the way during breakfast time when most places have the least selection. We were right. This was BY FAR the WORST buffet we tried. I did not like this one at all. Not much looked appealing. I only had a Little cottage cheese, a tomato, and a fried shrimp. The shrimp was rubbery. My wife had a mushroom salad and a macaroon. The macaroon was decent. There are many much better buffets in town. I will not be back.We then walked over to Flavors at Harrah's. This was the surprise (almost) gem of the day. There was lots of variety and not just your standard buffet fare. I had shu mai, bananas foster, banana pudding, corned beef hash, and fried plantain. It was all pretty decent. The downside was the service. We had to wait 20 minutes for our drinks (soda and water). I hate eating without having a drink to cleanse my palate. Several other patrons were also getting noticeably upset by the delay with the drink orders. Good selection and food, but definitely the worst service of the day.After 3 (albeit very small) meals in the same number of hours, we needed a break from eating. So we walked over to the Flamingo and strolled through their bird sanctuary area. It was a lovely day and I really enjoyed looking at and reading about all of the birds, fish and turtles.Next up was the Paradise Garden buffet at the Flamingo. This was a middle of the road buffet. The crab legs were kind of sad looking. The Mac and cheese was tasty. The desert bar was one of the best of the day. I especially liked the chocolate fountain with strawberries and marshmallows to dip in it.By this time we really were not hungry, so we decided to walk through the Forum shops and watch a couple of the free shows there.After that we headed over to Lago at Casear's. I thought this was going to be one of the better buffets. I was wrong. This buffet was just okay. The crab legs were bigger than the Flamingo's and the Mac and cheese was good. The cookies on the dessert area looked dry. So-so overall selection.By this time we were getting tired and my phone was starting to die from taking pictures and writing reviews all day, so we headed back to the Paris to sit in the car for awhile and charge our phones. When we got to the car, I couldn't find my keys. Keep in mind we had walked all over the strip and through the Forum shops. Many of the keys on my key chain (including my car) are the only set I had. I didn't even know where to start looking for my keys. We figured we'd retrace our steps and start calling every hotel and buffet we'd been to. We were already at the Paris so I first stopped by the buffet to see if they had found my keys. HALLELUJAH! My keys were there. What a relief!We returned to the car and rested for an hour or so. Then we walked over to the Spice Market buffet at the Planet Hollywood. This ended up being my favorite buffet. They had a great selection. Highlights were the lamb and baklava. By that point, I wasn't really looking forward to another buffet after grazing all day, but this made me want to actually eat again. That says a lot when you're on your 6th buffet of the day.Next we walked around the Miracle Mile shops for awhile to burn off a few calories before hitting our final destination.Lastly, we drove over to the Rio for our finale at the Carnival World buffet. The Rio was the biggest of the buffets and had decent quality. This was my second favorite. Nice variety with something for everyone. We finished around 9 p.m.We talked about getting up early and hitting a breakfast buffet before our time ran out...but the next morning the last thing either of us wanted to do was eat.I'm glad we did the Buffet of Buffets, but it was definitely a once in a lifetime experience. I don't ever want to eat that much again in my life. It's a great deal though and I would consider buying a pass again and just hit up two or three of my favorite buffets.
5	for ~48 bucks, I ate at the caesar, planet hollywood, and the rio.  The rio was the best of the three followed by planet hollywood.  Highly suggest getting the buffet of buffets b/c it lasts 24 hours and its cheap
4	What a bargain. All you can eat buffet for 24 hours....good luck if you can handle 3 meals within 24 hours.
5	Hey, you gotta eat to soak up all that alcohol in your system anyway, so why not buy a buffet pass? This was an awesome deal we couldn't pass up. The pass allows you to eat at any of the seven buffets (located at Paris, Harrahs, Caesars, Planet Hollywood, Flamingo, Rio, and Imperial Palace) an unlimited number of times for a 24 hour period. The total, including tax was about $44. If you eat three meals in that 24 hour period, it will average out to under $15 a meal. Tell me that's not a steal!
3	Ended up going to FOUR buffet dinners!  How?  Started with a late dinner at Paris, then the next day early dinner at Caesar, another dinner at PH a few hours later, and returned to Paris for another late dinner.  The best buffet of the bunch was definitely Paris (best creme bulee, flan and prime rib) and the worst was Caesar (small selection and bland food).  Could have fit a breakfast and lunch buffet but decided to sleep in and save stomach for dinners instead.  Did not get to try Rio. Recommend maybe trying it once but definitely must eat at Paris to make it worthwhile.  But maybe better to spend money on the better buffets like wicked spoon, wynn, or belagio.
4	I originally got this as part of a travel package. It's worth it if you're on the Strip and don't want to think about food options for the day.My only suggestion, stay away from Imperial Palace. Had the dinner there and nasty food poisoning that night.Rio's good for dinner (and they have a shuttle from Bally's and Harrah's that drops you almost right in front), they have a crazy amount of food choices. Harrah's also had a good amount of choices and good deserts. Caesar's is good for breakfast. Paris is also good for breakfast. If we're in Vegas, we're highly likely to do it again. It's great to get several meals for the price of 2 in :)
5	We went to 3 buffets in the 24 hour time frame. The Rio for Dinner, Paris for lunch, and then Planet Hollywood for Dinner. I will rank the buffets in order from best to worst.RIO- Huge food selection, good service, fresh tasting foodPLANET HOLLYWOOD- A big selection like the rio, but the food just wasn't quite as goodPARIS- Some odd food selections, food quality not that great, and limited choices.This was quite a steal for the price, Both the Rio and Planet Hollywood were $25 for dinner a piece, so even if we went to just those 2 buffets, we saved $10 doing the pass, and in addition got a lunch buffet at Paris.Maybe it was because we were there during "off season" but the lines weren't that long, the longest we had to wait was about 10 minutes. Sign up for the rewards program at any Harrah's Casinos to save $6 off the buffet price.
5	I can't believe this is true...We visit Rio-Carnival World Buffet very frequently, so this time, we design to try Buffet of Buffets without Rio...Caesars Palace - Lago Buffet  Planet Hollywood - Spice Market Buffet Paris - Le Village BuffetHarrah's Las Vegas - Flavors No complain for foods and restaurant, but only one thing need to confirm was Lago Buffet told us, we can try buffet at Ballys, even our receipt have Ballys on the list!?  After we make couple phone call to Ballys and Total Rewards, they told us Ballys are not include it for this deal...But we REALLY LOVE IT, will be buy this deal again!!!
5	GREAT DEAL!!! We tried to go to 3 buffets, but only hit up Le Village. Nonetheless, a great deal if you're there and don't already have plans. We had plans up the heezy.
5	Even though the price has recently gone up from previous years, the now $39.99 (for members) 24 pass is still one of the best deals to get while in Vegas.Most people utilize the 24 hrs by eating a late meal one day and finish off with an early meal the next. So if you're talking a 3 meal/day average.. that's 4 meals total.. about $10/meal for a buffet.. Certainly not bad.Of the 7 places you can go to, the my top 3 favorite ones (in no particular order) would be PH's Spice Market Buffet, Paris's Le Village Buffet, and Rio's Carnival World Buffet.Caesar's Palace's Lago buffet is also good, and I wouldn't count it out for a place to try. Their desserts lean only very slightly in the good direction and their overall selection is a bit smaller than the others.As for the other 3 places? I can't comment. They didn't really seem appealing, so I've never gone.
5	Step 1. Sign up for Total RewardsStep 2. Time your first meal accordinglyStep 3. Pay only 39.99 and enjoy 4 awesome buffets!What's not to love?! We started at 11:30 with "breakfast" (Paris), had 4:00 "lunch"(PH) , 9:00 dinner(Caesars) , and 11:00 am breakfast (PH) the next day. I recommend Planet Hollywoods Spice Market Buffet. It was the best of the 3 that we tried. If you don't want to sign up for total rewards, its 43.99. But, you get some cool perks for signing up, so go for it.
4	Amazing deal for the Vegas traveler on a budget! I still haven't experienced the "better" buffets (Bellagio, Wynn, etc) so as far as food quality I have nothing really to compare it to, but I did really enjoy the food I got to try. Satisfying and a great value for our buck. Yelping and personal experience revealed that the most viable options are the Rio (lunch), Planet Hollywood (dinner) and Paris (breakfast). Make sure to get 3 meals in and get your money's worth! They have a few alterations to the deal now where you can add Rio's seafood buffet for an extra $15, but that wasn't available at the time I went. Didn't have any hassle with the pass at all, it was just kind of a pain to wear the wristband for 24 hours (even when swimming). Next time, I'll look into what being a total rewards member entails, since I was too anxious to eat during my visit (they use a card instead of a wristband).Vegas is always full of surprises - when dining at PH all the Miss USA contestants walked in to "eat" (get one plate of food that they kind of ate), but it was nice feeling the spectacle of celebrity.
5	$40 for 24 hrs, you can easily get 4 meals in.  We did 5 meals, 4 different buffets.  Since you can't get meals for less than $10+tip elsewhere on the strip, we went for quality before quantity.  We skipped out on Imperial Palace, Flamingo, and Paris.  What we did hit up:Rio - 'Carnival World' - Been here before, just as good as I remember. Rio's got both quality and quantity so we had all 3 meals there.Breakfast includes most standard fare -- couple kinds of eggs and potatoes, ham, 1 kind of smoked salmon, fresh fruit.  Lunch comes out around 11am, char siu bbq and roast chicken, misc carbs that I avoided like bagels and potatoes.For dinner that starts around 4p-- TONS of cocktail shrimp and snow crab, a not so good prime rib, char siu bbq and roast duck for dinner, delicious gelato (cookies and cream not so much though, I tried 4 flavors). The sushi was TERRIBLE, like 2 day old grocery store sushi that's been sitting in the refrigerator.  I didn't even feel safe to eat it. Caesar's - "Lago Buffet" -- Breakfast had tons of cute cups of yogurt and telltale garnish...along with SNOW CRAB LEGS...FOR BREAKFAST?!  It was nonsensical, but fabulous!  See my review for Lago individually for more details.Harrah's - Flavor's - Suitable breakfast -- congee and those fried bread things were the most memorable.  Good egg/chorizo mix but SOMEONE has to help (all) of the Caesar's/Harrah's properties with their tortillas!!  Ice cream was not so great but there was cotton candy for breakfast!!PH - Totally not worth the time, stopped by and was definitely unimpressed by the lukewarm -EVERYTHING-We didn't wait more than 3 minutes in line at ANY of these buffets by (a) going just before peak times, aka 10a, 4p, 8p, 730a, 930a and (b) visiting in late January which is apparently Vegas' only slow period
5	$40 bucks for 24 hours worth of buffet. hahah totally worth it! You have to pay more if you're not a Rewards Card member, but just sign up at any of the casinos for less than 3 minutes! (I just read the prices increased, boo).We tried the following buffets:Paris Planet Hollywood Rio SEAFOODI didn't try the other ones due to some yelping help. I figured I'll just try what I believe to be the top 3. Paris - long line, but I guess it's expected. All the food was good, very expected. They had a crepe station! But everyone at our table was gone for 10 minutes (waiting for crepes), and the busboy completely cleaned our table. We came back to an empty table...that was a sad moment, but our waitress was very apologetic and replaced all the utensils and drinks for us. Their desserts were okay, nothing memorable. Overall, it was a good buffet place, nothing to rave about, nothing to complain about.Planet Hollywood - we came here TWICE. Once, right after the Paris one, and we all pretty much SAT there and didn't eat much. But the second time we came back, we were ready to eat. Their cocktail shrimps were so fresh and good!!! That was my favorite for sure. Everything else was good too. They had such a huge variety of everything. Rio SEAFOOD buffet - Once upon a time, this used to be my favorite. I had to come here because I was dreaming about their raw oysters. On top of the Buffet deal, I had to pay $15 to eat here (since it's not included with the $40 deal). But I figured, sure, it should be worth it. But nope, the oysters were NOT FRESH AT ALL, and neither were most of their seafoods. I was very very very disappointed. Maybe you'll be lucky enough when you go to half some fresh seafood!
5	For $53 you can go to all the Harrah's related buffets in a span of 24 hours!  WOOOOHOO!  This is good if a) you EAT buffet  b) you are looking to save money We enjoyed Rio Carnival brunch, Planet Hollywood late lunch, and Paris brunch was just OK.  Even if you just go to 2 buffets in 24 hours I think you still end up saving money.  I think Rio had the most variety, Planet Hollywood was the freshest, and Paris was not bad either.  Get your money's worth next time you're in Vegas!
5	I am not a person who likes Buffets. Mainly because I am a vegetarian and will hardly get anything to eat that satisfies my hunger and taste. But this is the best option for people who loves to eat. And it will help you save a lot of money too. We were able to go for only 4 Buffets. But I felt that we made use of the deal. I am not sure whether I will do it again. It takes a lot of time to stand in the line and then eat the buffet. Esp. it is a bit difficult when you have a 3yr old with you. :D
5	The Buffets of Buffets 24 Hour Pass is such an awesome deal...for less than $50 including tax (for Total Rewards members...$5 more for non-members), you have unlimited access to 7 of the Harrah's property buffets, including Rio's Carnival World Buffet, CP's Lago Buffet, Harrah's Flavors Buffet, PH's Spice Market Buffet, IP's Emperor's Buffet, Paris's Le Village Buffet, and Flamingo's Paradise Garden Buffet.  If you want, you can even add another $15 for access to Rio's Village Seafood Buffet.My boyfriend and I was able to hit up 4 buffets in the 24 hour period, which made it less than $12/meal (excluding tip)!  We tried Rio's Carnival World Buffet for dinner the first night (entered at 8:10pm), Paris's Le Village Buffet for breakfast (got there a little before 7:30am), PH's Spice Market Buffet (got in around noon) and then went back to Paris's Le Village Buffet for dinner (got in around 7pm)...see my individual reviews for the food.Yes, there are buffets in Vegas with much higher quality food, but the price simply cannot be beat.  Even if you just have two dinners, you're already saving money.  Plus, it made me feel better knowing that I didn't need to stuff myself silly in order to get my money's worth.  The Buffet of Buffets pass is great if you are with a group and people can't agree on one cuisine or if you are trying to save some money.  Definitely worth trying at least once!
4	Well worth it.  Get a Total Rewards card because you'll save a few extra bucks.  Plus, the Total Rewards card won't cost you a dime!We planned on hitting up Paris's Le Village Buffet for breakfast, Planet Hollywood's Spice Market Buffet for lunch and Rio's Carnival World Buffet for dinner but plans don't always pan out perfectly.We checked out Le Village Buffet right at the cusp of breakfast into lunch so we got the best of both worlds.  I highly recommend doing breakfast at Paris because they have a great selection, the bacon is crispy, and their crepes are pretty damn good (gotta get it was nutella... reminded me of one I got from a street vendor in Paris... the city that is!).  The lunch wasn't too bad either.  The prime rib was juicy but the other meats like fried chicken and pork were a little dry.  You MUST get one of the flans though because they're extra creamy and totally delicious.Buffets are quite filling so we actually didn't feel the need to stuff our faces for lunch.  Unfortunately, due to some scheduling mishap we couldn't hit up the Rio for lunch so we ended up back at Paris.  Their dinner selection was nearly identical to their lunch so we weren't all that impressed.  This time their prime rib was a little drier.  The next morning we got up early enough to get our money's worth and hit up Planet Hollywood.  Standard breakfast stuff but nothing to write home about.  Nothing really stood out to me.  It was just okay.I gave the Buffet of Buffets 4 stars for 2 reasons... 1) Paris' breakfast was really quite good and 2) It's a pretty damn good deal.  It's Vegas so the likelihood you'll be hitting up buffets is quite high.  Fork out a few extra bucks and you'll have 3 (or more meals) covered for a 24 hour period.  One final thing though.. by the end of the 24 hour period, you'll be so sick of buffets it won't even be funny!
5	AYCE 24 Buffet pass.. Best deal in Vegas ever... $39.99 for total rewards members and $44.99 for non members..Just sign up for the card, it'll save you $5...The buffet of buffets covers 7 different buffets within a 24-hour period... It includes Caesars(Lago), Paris(le Village), Planet Hollywood(Spice Market), Harrah's(Flavors), Flamingo(Paradise Garden), Rio(Carnival World), Imperial(Emperor's) and Rio(Seafood-additional charge $15).  All these options for only $39.99, you can easily get 3 meals out of this pass - and its even best if you are staying at the hotel, you don't need to feel the need to stuff your faces..because you can go back anytime within the 24-hour period... I would recommend getting the pass on Saturday around brunch time, so you can carry it over to eat on Sunday (includes champagne too) because you go home..One buffet at the Spice Market or Rio Carnival already runs around $30-40, this deal give you more bang for your bucks.. and if you are walking the strip, it gives you the ability to try other buffets at different hotels too.. I always get this deal if I am staying at Planet Hollywood because you get to enjoy the Spice Market buffet and walk next door to enjoy the Village buffet at the Paris Hotel..Both are really good buffets...
5	this used to be 39.99! but for $50, this is still a good deal!i officially have a love/hate relationship with buffets. i love having the choices and unlimited food, but i hate that i become a fatty mcfatty after eating at one, let alone 7 choices!!! ugh.we ate at three (lago, le village, and spice market) and that was more than enough. our last meal was sunday late lunch at ph and i was full until monday lunch time. hahahaha.but yea, if you want to eat at buffets and you're in vegas, this deal is tough to beat!
5	Yes. Yes. Yes.Just keep telling yourself, you are in Vegas, you are in Vegas. you have no worries in the world.. at least until next week.Well that's what I did at least.. for better or worse.Really though, tell me how you can go wrong with paying $44 ($50 for non total rewards members) for full access to 7 buffets for 24 hours?The economics of it just makes sense. Breakfast is about $20, lunch $30, dinner $35 if you buy them separate. Or all of that, plus some snacktime buffets for at least half the price. YES.Plus we are not talking the nasty Fremont street buffets. We are talking the huge, international buffets with just about anything you desire. Seafood, pasta, Mexican, crepes, desserts, oiy! Just thinking about it makes me want to board a plane.Paris' Le Village Buffet is one of my favorites, but everywhere I ate was great. Of course, plan to wait a little while at each of the buffet's. Oink.
5	So for most people, their stagette means drinking your face off and partying with your girlfriends. Sure, I did that, but this was the reason I came to Las Vegas.My maid of honour asked me what I wanted to do to celebrate the last days of singledom. Umm, Buffet of Buffets! For $55 (including tax) you have unlimited access to seven different buffets for 24 hours. Actually, it's only 17 hours because the buffets are closed between midnight and 7am.  This would take some planning...We started at the Spice Market Buffet at Planet Hollywood and spent a good chunk of time there... For dinner after running around town, we went to Lago at Caesar's. Even after my friends left, me and one friend stayed behind to polish off a couple more creme brulees. The next morning, my friends tried to wake me up at 7am to go back to Lago, but I refused. At a more reasonable hour of 10am, we tried the Village Buffet at Paris. They just kept getting better and better. I really wish we were able to try more buffets, but there is always next time. So considering that each buffet is like $30, this is such a steal! I went to three (due to poor planning... wandering too far from the included buffets, finding the Rio shuttle too late, etc) and they were awesome... I would definitely do this again.
4	I went to Vegas for my first time recently. After reading a majority of the reviews on Yelp I decided that the Buffet of Buffets would be worth the money. I got a Total Rewards card (why not, it's free) then purchased the BoB. We started at Rio Carnival for dinner @ 6:38pm. I was highly disappointed since so many Yelpers raved about it. There was a HUGE selection of food, but at best it tasted mediocre. Plus the line was ridiculous. The saving grace was the dessert (bananas foster killed) and our server Krystyna who never let our drinks empty. We were staying at the Paris so it made sense to have breakfast @ Le Village. Oh my goodness! It was spectacular!!!! The turkey bacon tasted like Thanksgiving turkey, plus you could have them make you an omelet or eggs any way you want them, plus fruit toppings for pancakes/french toast. The sausage was very good, and my fiance couldn't stop raving about the corned beef hash. Next was Caesars Lago for lunch. It was ok. Not much of a selection. Dessert was almost wiped out and it didn't look like any of the staff cared to re-stock it. Then we had Harrah's Flavors for dinner before the 24hrs expired. It was pretty good. There was A LOT of meat, very little veggie selection (mashed potatoes of course, but little else). Everything was tasty. There's cotton candy for dessert and you can take as many as you want with you as you leave! We decided to hit Planet Hollywood for lunch the next day even though our BoB was expired. Mostly due to the fact that if you checked in there on FB you got BOGO @ Spice Market Buffet. That was the best out of the bunch! An excellent selection of EVERYTHING and absolutely delicious. I really like the Middle Eastern selection of food. Plus they had smoothies and very good dessert. A very well-rounded selection of food for everyone. When I go back to Vegas I will definitely do the BoB since it paid for itself by the second buffet, but I know which to go to multiple times and which to skip.
4	this is a great idea. for $49.99 or $44.99 if you sign up for a players card, you can hit up 7 different buffets within 24 hours from the moment you paid. although the buffets that i went to during the 24 hrs (Spice Market and Le Village) weren't amazing (and i assume none of the others are amazing either), anything that's AYCE for 24hrs is a bargain. in fact you can easily spend $50 on one hand at the casino or one meal in Vegas, so this is really a steal.
4	If you don't mind centering 24-hours around okay-quality buffets, then this is for you.  It's a great price for a lot of food, depending on if you were planning on spending that much on food anyway. The quality isn't great, but the variety and excitement of trying different buffets is fun.3 buffets during the 24-hour period is definitely doable and very realistic.  We chose to do dinner at the Village Seafood Buffet at the Rio (8 pm Friday night w/ short line), breakfast at Paris (about 40 minutes wait at 11 am Saturday morning), and dinner at Planet Hollywood (no wait at 6 pm on Saturday night...though a HUGE line formed at 7 pm).  3 buffets was the perfect amount, since more would be too much food and too much time going from one hotel to another and waiting in line.  Granted our lines weren't too long this past weekend, I can't imagine doing more than this many buffets on a busy weekend.  TIP: Go to the buffet you're looking forward to the most FIRST, and the one you're not as excited about last.  Do one good buffet for dinner, and the other one for breakfast/lunch.  Your last buffet definitely won't taste as good or be as exciting after all the gorging and excitement from the first couple you go to.We decided to do the Village Seafood Buffet at the Rio first, since I love seafood and was looking forward to that.  I parked in the Masquerade parking lot of the Rio, which lead directly to the buffet on the first floor.  We went and got our Total Rewards card first (which was a 20 minute line on a Friday night in March, this past weekend). It wasn't a far walk from the buffet.  Just a few minutes into the casino and you'll see signs.Once we got our card, we got in line to the buffet.  Since the Village Seafood was new to the Buffet of Buffets, I asked to make sure we could buy our Buffet of Buffets there.  And sure enough, we could.  They used our Total Rewards card as the buffet card and gave us a receipt to put on our table while we eat there and hold on later to in case for some reason the card doesn't work.  Make sure to take the receipt off your table when you leave the buffet.  It has the Buffet of Buffets listed on there.Of the 3 buffets we went to, Paris was my favorite for breakfast and lunch.  Here are the good and maybe unique things I noticed about each.Village Seafood Buffet at Rio: (8 pm, Friday night - 10 min wait)(2 stars - not that much unique food, and only worth it if you're okay with the following and really craving it)- small halves of lobster tails- warm plump shrimp in lobster tail mix- oysters (frozen and thawed)- crab claws (not fresh and kinda mushy)- cold crab legs (though most buffets have this)Le Village at Paris: (11 am, Saturday morning - 45 min wait)(4 stars - LOTS of variety for breakfast and lunch)- sweet crepes made to order (though they used preserves instead of fresh berries)- omelets made to order (VERY nice guy serving us at this station)- lox (Make your own bagel, cream cheese, and smoked salmon lox! I LOVED this and wish I got it first.- small Mediterranean section- lunch food served along with breakfast (breakfast is served until 3 pm, they said) Planet Hollywood: (6 pm, Saturday night - no wait...LONG line at 7 pm!)(3 stars - nothing special or too unique, but good variety of food)- Mediterranean, American, Mexican, Italian, Asian foods- chocolate-covered strawberries (load up on these whenever you see them because they go quick; taste like fondue chocolate though and not real melted quality chocolate)- good variety of food, though most sections were small and didn't have a lot of different foods*PH was a PAIN to find. The parking lot is over on the side and also behind on the street parallel to LV Blvd. You can't get in from LV Bvld, so don't waste your time like we did.  THEN, we had to walk through mall about 5 minutes to get to the casino.  What a pain!  Maybe I missed it, but access to PH made me never want to go there again by car.If I had this to do over again, I think I might not even get this Buffet of Buffets card, unless I want lots of food and don't care too much about quality.  I apparently tried the 3 that had the highest ratings and wasn't impressed with any of them except the Paris buffet.  I think I might just fork out the extra cash and do either the Bellagio or Wynn buffets, which I heard great things about.  They're about $50 each though.  And definitely I would do the Paris for breakfast/lunch again.  Those two would probably add up to a bit more than what I spent on the Buffet of Buffets card with the Village Seafood added (about $60 total, with Total Rewards card).  I think I'd rather spend more on quality over quantity. Plus, it was a bit of a pain scheduling our day around driving to the hotels and waiting in line for buffets. I think you may do that anyway, but with this card, you have to time it right to get in your money's worth for the 24-hour period, especially if you wanna do more than 3 buffets.
5	This is an excellent deal. We got our first buffet around 9pm so we were able to get 2 dinners, breakfast and lunch out of it. All of that for only $45 per person. That can't be beat! Our favorite buffet was Paris and Planet Hollywood for the great tasting food, and ambiance. Our least favorite was caesars palace due to having almost no selection of food. Get this, you won't be disappointed!
5	200th review!  And the Buffet of Buffets (all 7 buffets!) was a once in a lifetime experience worth the honor of being number 200.  Meaning I won't do it again but it was a lot of fun!Here is a list the buffets in order of my preference with links to my separate reviews:Flamingo - Paradise Garden Buffet http://www.yelp.com/biz/paradise-garden-buffet-las-vegas#hrid:URS8MJEkdC8KsB_jVsjo3gHarrah's - Flavors Buffet http://www.yelp.com/biz/flavors-the-buffet-las-vegas#hrid:_OUWBMRElcOZecknmMLJngRio - Carnival World Buffet http://www.yelp.com/biz/carnival-world-buffet-las-vegas#hrid:KDdi-yKhtMJCZ3g4H5yS6APlanet Hollywood - Spice Market Buffet http://www.yelp.com/biz/the-spice-market-buffet-las-vegas#hrid:breS3dflMWORJXruiwyi5wParis - Le Village Buffet http://www.yelp.com/biz/le-village-buffet-las-vegas#hrid:KGu5BCvuu9jrx7O0ciO68QCaesars Palace - Lago Buffet http://www.yelp.com/biz/lago-buffet-las-vegas#hrid:BeCacBAleUgaGAtZLcxD1gImperial Palace - Emperor's Buffet http://www.yelp.com/biz/emperors-buffet-las-vegas#hrid:t4rFdqWGvZqSxbb6ciwgKw If you are thinking about taking on this feat, you may need alcohol.  Do it on the weekend and check to see which buffets include champagne and bloody marys with brunch.  Lago is your best bet early in the morning and some of the other buffets after 10:30am.  I think each buffet (except for IP) sells line passes at the VIP lines.  If the lines get long, buy the passes so you don't go crazy.  See the pics or the event link for Ken M.'s great schedule.http://www.yelp.com/events/las-vegas-uye-buffet-of-vegas-buffets-bobIt's a good time with a bunch of friends and definitely an experience.
4	There's a right way to do this:1) You will need a Total Rewards card for each of you.2) Time your first meal so you can get 2 dinners.3) Go during non-peak times (mid-week, late for lunch, early for dinner) to avoid lines.4) Avoid the urge to stuff yourself. Otherwise, you'll just essentially be paying too much for one buffet. Have 3 or 4 sane meals and a dessert break. 5) Focus on what buffet's do well: breakfast, dessert, crab, fresh batches and the odd diamond in the rough.I think the confusion with whether the food is good or not comes from the point of reference. Las Vegas buffets take every other buffet to the tool shed. However, they will never challenge the quality of good restaurants and good home cooking, at least except for the flan at Paris (OMFG that was good). I am a skilled home cook and have eaten at plenty of fine restaurants. I still enjoy the buffet because having just one or two bites of so many different things is fun and as long as you play to the buffet's strengths, the food is good.Ironically, the 24 hour buffet isn't a great value in terms of quantity. If you are looking for fuel for the money, you'll be better off buying just one buffet per day, preferably breakfast. I'm a camel so I do fine eating a ton once a day but I suspect lots of people could do fine with a big breakfast and an evening snack.The value is liberty and food security. You don't need to worry about being hungry or trying to stuff yourself to get your money's worth.
4	All-American excess at its finest! For $50 you get 24 magical hours of access to all seven Caesars property buffets. I'd been wanting to try this for some time, but didn't trust myself and my uncontrollable appetite... but my brother came to town and bought me a pass, so how could I say no?!I strategized this as much as possible: since there is no way, no how that I can ever be out and about in time for breakfast, we decided to do lunch at noon, followed by 4:30 supper and 8:30 dinner, followed by 11am brunch the following day (the buffet pass is good for 24hours from the time of purchase). The consensus on Yelp! is that Rio, Planet Hollywood and Paris had the best buffets, so we made those a priority. Started out with lunch at the Rio's Carnival World Buffet, which is huge and has the best variety out of all of them. After 3 plates, we went hiking in Red Rock to work up an appetite for our 4:30 dinner at Planet Hollywood's Spice Market Buffet. This buffet was smaller than the Rio's, but pretty much the same quality of food... with the added bonus of a Middle Eastern station, which I LOVED! Based on this station alone, Planet Hollywood was my favorite buffet.After that, I had to go to work at Caesars Palace. On my break, I stopped into the Caesars buffet [NOTE: this was before they remodeled the buffet -- see footnote] and was sorely disappointed -- it was small, with the same wilted-looking stuff they serve to the employees down in the hotel dining room!! The desserts, which supposedly they are known for, weren't even all that. The only cool thing here is they have a huge fruit bin full of kiwis, pears, apples, bananas and whole miniature pineapples...so if you're into fruit, this buffet wouldn't be a total wast of time.Meanwhile, while I was at work my brother went and checked out the Flamingo and Harrahs, neither of which was very impressive, according to him (especially not the Flamingo). The following morning we rolled out of bed and waddled back down to the Paris, to try one last buffet before our wristbands expired at noon. The Le Village Buffet was actually pretty good, with a good variety of foodie-food like Brie-and-bacon mac & cheese and made-to-order crepes. Plus the ambience is awesomely kitsch: like you're inside a Thomas Kinkade painting, with food spilling out of all these little fake chateaux.  Final Verdict: worth it, if only for the obscene fun of it all. You probably won't be able to eat $50 worth of food, but it's fun to try!FOOTNOTE: the new Bacchanal Buffet at Caesars is WAY better than the old one...but if you want it included with the 24-hour wristband, you have to pay a $15 surcharge. Lame!
5	When Ken M told me about his idea to have a UYE for the Buffet of Buffets ($45.99) and do it in 1 day, I thought it was a great idea.....so I told him if he did it, I would be there.  Well, the day finally came and 7 of us embarked on a journey to accomplish this task on a Saturday in March.  I wrote a review for each buffet we went to (links to each review below).  The schedule is below:Breakfast9:00 am - Caesars Palace: Lago Buffethttp://www.yelp.com/biz/lago-buffet-las-vegas#hrid:ab5b7QIzLhhN_ixM5s1yrQ10:30 am - Flamingo: Paradise Garden Buffethttp://www.yelp.com/biz/paradise-garden-buffet-las-vegas#hrid:gBCZai1zqnPpWw-q0zyt0wLunch12:00 pm - Imperial Palace: Emperor's Buffethttp://www.yelp.com/biz/emperors-buffet-las-vegas#hrid:t-h1fgV4T-Lvin80jWxbPg1:30 pm - Harrah's: Flavors Buffethttp://www.yelp.com/biz/flavors-the-buffet-las-vegas#hrid:5mGaPZ_ukWUoVg2GttnHZA3:00 pm - Rio: Carnival World Buffethttp://www.yelp.com/biz/carnival-world-buffet-las-vegas#hrid:8xW8Mr61rcZ9SsJyG8uK_wDinner5:00 pm - Paris: Le Village Buffethttp://www.yelp.com/biz/le-village-buffet-las-vegas#hrid:m2YKMThWKZYkLXtt_0zNpA7:00 pm - Planet Hollywood: Spice Market Buffethttp://www.yelp.com/biz/the-spice-market-buffet-las-vegas#hrid:T3hJAv1ROUL5uVY92C2o4AI had a plan to pace myself so I could enjoy the entire day of buffets.....well, of course that plan went out the window with Buffet #1.....and it was downhill from there....I was stuffed by the time we were done with the Flamingo Buffet.  Needless to say, I gained 5.5 lbs after this ordeal.....and I'm still trying to work off the lbs in the gym.Overall, it was a fun time and I recommend giving it a try at least once.  The schedule we had was perfect and we were on time for every buffet, except the last one.....but that was because there was a concert that night at Planet Hollywood and it made parking a little longer than expected.  If I was to do it again, I'd only go to 3 Buffets.....the Rio, Harrah's, and Planet Hollywood.  I'd have Dinner at the Rio & Planet Hollywood, and Lunch at Harrah's.  Those were the 3 best buffets out of the group and you can easily fit 3 of those in a 24 hour schedule.The 7 in one day was very agressive and I won't do it again.....but I don't regret participating in the event.....all of the Yelpers in our group had a blast.Return Factor - 80%
4	Great value.  It's all about value.However you will consume 10,000 calories in 24 hours because once you've made the financial commitment to purchase this, you have a moral and ethical commitment to eat as much as you can at as many of the buffets that you can.The key is to walk to the other casinos.  The 30-40 minute walk between casinos will keep your metabolism revving and your hunger going so you can get the most for your money.
4	I just finished my spring break in Las Vegas, and my boyfriend, his sister, and I decided to take on a challenge- within 24 hours go to as many of the 7 buffets that is included in this deal. We paid $50 + tax at exactly 12:06pm at the Rio, and started our journey there.  By the end of the 24 hour period, we had went in a at at least half a plate of food at 5/7 buffets.1. Rio- Brunch- service was OK, LOTS OF VARIETY- I was already extremely full when I discovered there was a whole other half of the buffet I haven't seen before. They had a really yummy dessert station with a Gelato booth. The must try was there Asian noodle bar; where you can have Pho, egg noodles and other types made. 2. Planet Hollywood- Dinner, had a really nice waitress who recommended stuff for us to eat there, their middle eastern bar was the must try, I absolutely LOVED their lamb kabob's, Not as much variety as the Rio, but my favorite by far. 3. Flamingo- Dinner- in my experience- TERRIBLE, their must try Chinese food station was closed down for the night, so I am not sure if my judgment was valid. The food, was generic, and not that great. Only decent thing they had was the Chocolate Fondue, and the Burrito Bar where someone could make it for you. 4. Harrah's- Dinner- Pretty good food, but I don't have an accurate opinion since, my stomach was exploding by the time we made our way over to this buffet. Their must try was the Prime Rib, but I didn't try it. They also had a very yummy Gelato Station- Mint flavor! The service we got there, wasn't the best though. 5. Paris- Brunch- I don't know if it was the fact, that I was no longer exploding from all the food, but this buffet was definitely delicious. The interior of the buffet itself was quite beautiful. I didn't really try the dessert station, but their sushi was quite delicious, and their pesto pasta as well. They also served Smoked Salmon on toast with cream cheese! Lastly, their Crepe Station was quite nice. Overall, the Buffet of Buffets is good deal, if you plan your trips well- just don't expect to have a comfortable stomach by the end of this 24 hour period.
5	Wow what an awesome thing!  I had breakfast/lunch at Planet Hollywood, dinner at Rio, and then breakfast at Harrahs the next morning. A great deal for at least 3 meals.
5	This is an experience every buffet lover should try, at least once.  Tips: Make sure you get a gold card (if you don't have a player's card already) at one of the participating hotels in order to get the discount.  Price will drop from about $49 a person to $44 a person.  I got my card at Caesar's Palace on a Monday night.  There was no wait, it's free, and it's easy.  Anyone who doesn't have a player's card in your party will get a plastic wristband.I did not want to bother with the "bad buffets."  I looked through Yelp, and saw which ones had the highest stars.  The ones I'm going to focus on are Rio and Paris.Rio has two buffets, one is seafood (and costs $15 extra) and the other is international.  Not everyone in my party liked seafood so we went to the international.  It was my favorite buffet, so we went to this one twice.  It was busy during dinner, but the cash registers are set up so that people can pass through quickly.  The selection was amazing.  The stations stretched on and on.  I was scared by how much food there was.  The food, for the most part, tasted better than the Paris Le Village Buffet.  It had a lot of cheap foods, but there were some interesting features like the soup station where you can get your choice of Asian soups including Pho or Tom Yum.  There was also a lot of different types of gelatos and sorbets.  There was almost no difference in selection from lunch to dinner.  The main difference was the crab legs.  The crab legs at Rio were much better than the ones at Paris, which were covered with black spots.  The desserts at Rio, for the most part, were bland and dry.  My first waitress was nice and fairly attentive, but she had on one of those fake smiles which scared me a little.  The second waiter was really funny and very attentive.  He brought us the tool used to break open the crab legs, and showed us how to use it, and refilled our drinks before we even asked.  He also cracked some jokes.  The line at the buffet at Paris felt long.  It was in actuality only a little over half an hour long on a Tuesday night.  There were a good assortment of seafood and vegetables like pearl onions here, but the food was cold.  I was surprised, because I have eaten at Paris before, and the food was much better before.  The lady who served us did not understand English well, and did not get our drinks correct.  The custard ice cream here is amazingly delicious.  It was the best part.  There were only two flavors, though.  I got the vanilla.
4	I actually did this way back in September and I'm glad I tried it out.I'd say 5 stars for value, but minus 1 because I wanted to die afterwards. It was simply too much food and let me tell you, I can eat!  We went to lunch, dinner, and breakfast.Lunch: Harrah's. 3.5 stars. Hostesses were slow and there was no one in line. WTF mate? The food was fine. Nothing stood out. Dinner: Spice World Market. 5 stars. I loved it. So, so good. Lots of variety and it was yummy! Very fresh. I especially loved the Mediterranean section. Breakfast: Caesar's Palace. -4 stars. Yes, negative four. Where's the food? Where is the variety? Why is every tray practically empty? Why did I waste my breakfast here? Seriously people, it's tiny. Avoid like the plague. Do it!
5	This is a great value, and pretty fun to do.  But the food is just ok.  I am giving 5 stars for the idea along.  We had Paris for breakfast and the best part was the crepes.  I ordered my plain because I like lemon, so I do that.  All my group got hooked on it.  Then we had RIo for lunch.  Nothing was really that great.  But there is a huge selection.  I think I liked the pho best.  This was probably my favorite just due to choices.  I also like the hotel, and pool.  For dinner we tried PH.  It has a good selection as well.  I would say it had the best food of all of them.  Except the crepes weren't fresh.  I liked the prime rib.  Deserts were the worst of all we tried.  Then we snuck in an early breakfast before our time was up.  We went to flamingo because it was the closest.  I have to say I was very impressed.  It had a great setting, no lines, and it was very clean and fresh.  They had fresh mad pancakes and waffles, crepes and omelets .  Lots of fresh fruit.  So don't over look this one.
3	The Buffet of Buffets.  A game of Monopoly for your tummy.Like any good game of Monopoly, grab the car.  The Rio isn't really walking distance, and it's the Boardwalk of buffets.  If your appetite is the thimble, you wont be getting a true value.Speaking of value, let me crunch a few numbers here.  In numerous trips to Las Vegas, my foodie loving, wine swilling, sales tax paying, happily tipping self (and wife) spend on average $32 for breakfast, $43 on lunch (although often lunch is skipped if breakfast is filling enough) and $54 on dinner.  The BoB runs $97.27 for 2, not counting alcohol.  Since it is a buffet, eating a massive breakfast means skipping lunch.  A bottle of wine with dinner adds $10-$15 to the total (I don't need wine for breakfast) Therefore, the BoB costs about $110 for $86 worth of food.  Not a great value.  Since the BoB runs for 24 hours, we maximized value by starting our 24hr clock with a late dinner and ending with an early dinner the next day.If you already planned on doing this, then you are the person that would willingly trade away the more expensive green properties for the cheaper gold (or red) properties.  You are a wise one, Uncle Pennybags.In Monopoly, some properties just aren't worth the money. Baltic and Mediterranean Aves spring to mind.  Likewise, the Imperial Palace buffet isn't worth the belly space.Caesars Lago buffet is perhaps the most popular, like the light blue properties between Oriental and Connecticut.  Since your 24 hour pass expires exactly at 24 hours, don't head to Caesars with 30 minutes left. Your pass will expire as you wait in line.In the end, the BoB is just a good value, but not a great one, and not even that if you don't plan well.  Like Monopoly, it's fun, but not great fun.  It is a viable dining option though.
4	get the total rewards card to get the $5 discount, so I paid $100 for 2 passes (including taxes already).  I guess if you can eat, digest fast, or know what to pick and when to stop, this is a good deal.  from all the reviews i read, i narrow down to 4: Spice Market Buffet (Planet Hollywood), Flavors Buffet (Harrah's), Carnival World Buffet (Rio), and Le Village Buffet (Paris).  We started on Thursday night Spice Market Buffet, get there around 7:30pm and waited 40 mins to get in. love their crepes, middle east part (grilled meat), hummas, and have lot of desert to choose from.  overall, this is my favorite.    Second we went to Harrah's around 10am for breakfast, line was short, less than 5 mins to get in.  have lot of food, becaon are crispy, I got some smoke salmon, and fresh strawberry.  have some lunch items as well.  Have lot of deserts even in the morning, this is the place hobbie find his pecan tart. The puff pastry are really good.  This is much more modern than the last time I visited.  It's my #2 choice, definitely worth to stop by. Then totally skipped lunch...can't breath.  Went to Rio around 4:30 for dinner. also less than 5 mins to get in. lot of food, but nothing really special at this point. The bonus for me is their mango ice-cream, the best compared to the Harrah's, desert bar does not look too good, not too many choices to choose from, so we left and went to Paris for desert, around 6:40pm, less than 25 people in line, we got in less than 10 mins.  Cream Burlee are to die for.   lot of Italian and French items if you like European food.   I hope it helps to make your decision.  All  services are good, table and plates are cleaned when you come back with new plates.
5	The Buffet of Buffet.My husband wanted to try it...In the morning we want to Lago Buffet at Caesars Palace for breakfast!I like the ambiance I like my egg with steam rice...yum yum yum!The sausage was good and there was some different potatoes!Next we want to Paradise Garden Buffet in The Flamingo!They actually let us go through vip line though there was no fee sign for it...( I don't see the point of paying for buffet when you pre-paid already and they make you wait again,in line with all others who are paying for the buffet...?)The selection was limited but I like the cray fish yum yum yum!But the waitress was better more attentive with our drinks than the Lagos previously.And we were seated next to the window and saw the Garden full of wild life that was special!For the Dinner we want The Flavor in Harrahs, They had the sign of Vip line for $5.00 fee just alike the website said - (Only VIPs and customers who have purchased express line passes (where available) are able to enter through our VIP entrances. Should you purchase an express line pass, it is valid for single use only at that location). My husband and I was standing there for awhile and the one cashier kept looking and we finally said something she said "The sign is not being used, with an attitude.But since there were two cashiers, and the other one who ended up ringing us up was very sweet and polite..And I ended only liking the Kielbasa sausage and potatoes..But my husband like the prime rib, which was very tender...While when we went for seconds they cleared the but the drinks never refilled ...?O. Kay....!Next day we went to Le Village Buffet in Paris for breakfast and there were no Vip line here either.( But I did see the sign there on Saturday when we passed by for $10.00?) But the we made though in that 24 hour time...This buffet is sooo good!The breakfast potatoes, ham and everything tasted pretty good!Yes!They also have sugar free dessert! A lot of selection and plus our  waitress was very nice and sweet!I think I like Le Village Buffet the best!
5	The only bad thing is you feel pregnant after every buffet, but i kinda miss being that full. Postpartum depression.
5	This is such a great deal - choice of 7 buffets within 24 hours! You get a waterproof wristband with a barcode for entry. The price has gone up since July 2010 when I went. With a player's card, I think its around 45.00 so the price has gone up about 10.00. We only got to go to 3 though, so sad! We went to Caesar's Palace, Paris, and Planet Hollywood. Between the three, I would have to say it's a two way tie between Caesar's and Planet Hollywood. I really wanted to go to the Rio though based on my visit beforehand I remember it being really good.
5	The promotion started last year in April right after we left Las Vegas during our Easter vacation. So you can say that our strategy of when, where, what and how to eat  was one year in the making. I was really itching to try it. My original plan was to have 7 meals at 6 different venues. But at the end I could only manage 6 buffets at 5 casinos. My wife is a light eater so she didn't want to do it. It was my son and me and here is how it went down:First day, April 245:30PM   Purchased buffet pass at Le Village Buffet at Paris (we were staying at Paris for two nights before moving to Bellagio for two more nights). All the meat dishes are so so. The lamb was especially chewy. It could be me, but the supposed French foods here tasted no more different than any other American buffet. Overall rating 3  *** out of 5.9:30PM   Walked over to Paradise Garden Buffet at Flamingo for night snack. My son and I both had the authentic made to order Vietnamese pho with fish and beef balls. Also had some fresh fruits, cakes and cookies. They were very good and I would have to agree with some of the previous reviews that this buffet is the sleeper of the group.****Second day, April 257:00AM    I am an early riser. I woke up at 5 and played a couple of hours of slots before headed to the Le Village Buffet for breakfast. I had a lot of my favorite, smoked salmon, plus the usual breakfast fares, orange juice, toast and coffee.***9:30AM   My son woke up at 9 and we walked over to the Lago Buffet at Caesar Palace . This was the only one with a line but we were seated immediately because we already had the pass. Again I ate a lot of smoked salmon. My son loved the pancakes. The sausage and bacon were very good also very good. ****1/212:00PM   My wife joined us for lunch buffet at Carnival World Buffet at Rio. We took the shuttle bus from Ballys and it only took 10 min. There was an abundance of food to choose from. It truly lived up to the name "World Buffet".****1/22:30PM   Was gonna go to Flavors, The Buffet at Harrahs for afternoon tea. But we had to scrap the plan because we were just too full from the earlier lunch.5:15PM   Walked over next door from Paris to Spice Market Buffet at Planet Hollywood. The crab legs and prime rib were excellent. And we got to try for the first time Middle Eastern food a a buffet. In my opinion, Spice Market Buffet was the best of the five.*****    Overall it was a wonderful experience. I love to eat and I like variety. So this was perfect for me. I didn't  feel bloated at the end of the 2nd day and I am still not tired of buffet yet. We definitely got our money's worth. I enjoyed it thoroughly and we will do it again next year as long as the price is not more than $50. And I wish they would extend thehours from 24 to a 26 hours all you can eat buffet.  A couple of hours more would definitely made the whole event even more enjoyable.
5	If you are a buffet nut, or trying to do LV on a shoe string budget...You can't beat the value.  We hit 5 buffets in a 24 hour window at full retail value of $150 bucks per person (Dinner, Breakfast, Brunch, Lunch, and Dinner again).Even though we paid an additional $15  per person for an upgrade for the Seafood buffet in at the Rio, still the best buffet in LV.
4	This is an awesome deal. If you are not a gambler or a show person this is a fun way to experience and overindulge in vegas.  You don't have to eat it all. I do wish they served much much smaller portions.1st choice was rio's buffet. This buffet is ginourmous.  It must be 1500 linear feet long.  Its insane. And everything we ate was pretty dang good. They had these little dumplings that were delic and ny steak in mushroom sauce that was fantabulous.  The desert bar was fab too, with a gelato bar and banana foster my husband just loved.  Next fav was the spice market at ph.  It was great.  They had middle estern food, a nice italian section and hummus with fresh naan. So so yum. Next was caesars palace. It is true that this was consderable smaller than the others but the quality is pretty phenom. Gourmet cheeses and pastries that were so lovely and amazing.  The meat was more tender and the sauces richer. If I had my druthers I would snack here.  Or come early for an early breakfast.  The next we liked was at the flamingo.  They all seem to have sushi and some have crab and all had prime rib. It was fun sitting next to the flamingo habitat looking over the pond.  This one had crawfish and shrimp.   The food was great, with a crepe station. My husband loved the smoked salmon. I loved the deserts.  The last one was good and it was paris.  They had mussels that were nice. I would have expected better bread and pastry selection as well as yummier cheeses. It was a lot like the flamingo spread.  We did not make it to harrahs or imperial palace.  The main disclaimer I would include that we did take into consideration that it was buffet food and we always went for the wowish foods. We avoided the starches and breads and it seemed all the salad bars were a littl sad. Who wants salad whenyou can have ny strip and dim sum? The lines were often unnecessarily long and the service was just blah or meh.  But it was fun and a great value. Enjoy!
3	We did the Buffet of Buffets tour while visiting Las Vegas this past week. This was a good value given that full retail value of this pass is 3x what you pay for it. However, if you are a Foodie, looking for some quality buffet feasting, look elsewhere. Truly good eats are few and far between on this pass. More often than not, I left these places worried about getting  food poisoning.  I will say that what I enjoyed most about this buffet tour is that it got us out of our hotel away from our usual spot at the MGM Grand casino. This pass forced us to visit the other casinos. Here are my reviews of the various buffets we ate at. The Spice Market @ Planet Hollywood - Dinner #1 - 3/5 stars http://www.yelp.com/biz/the-spice-market-buffet-las-vegas#hrid:9PODKRfjg07v_HkiqzPWxQFlavors @ Harrahs - 4/5 stars - Breakfast #2 - 4/5 stars http://www.yelp.com/biz/flavors-the-buffet-las-vegas#hrid:DwPOlqWVw-0QWIBDC8bAGwLago @ Cesars - 1/5 stars - Lunch #3 - http://www.yelp.com/biz/lago-buffet-las-vegas#hrid:yBeBS3sv-UXeJCXqSeNvngCarnival World @ The Rio - 3/5 stars - Dinner #4 - 3/5 stars http://www.yelp.com/biz/carnival-world-buffet-las-vegas#hrid:FOGTJhLVrIUxz7tTCLdoMA
5	When Sarah A told me about this $44.99 for as much of 7 buffets as you want within a 24 hour period, I was all in!The AYCE plan includes:Lago Buffet at Caesar's PalaceParadise Garden Buffet at FlamingoFlavors Buffet at Harrah'sVillage Seafood Buffet at RioLe Village Buffet at ParisEmperor's Buffet at Imperial PalaceSpice Market Buffet at Planet HollywoodCarnival World Buffet at RioBetween me, David G, Sarah A and Minh D, we went through a LOT of food on this pass!We started at the Rio hotel, at the Carnival World Buffet (where we bought our passes) and even though we only made it to one more - the Spice Market Buffet at Planet Hollywood - I still felt like it was a good deal.My only beef about this plan is that the buffets all close at 10pm, which is kinda early for the hours that most people keep when they're in the town that never sleeps.Still, that likely won't stop me from doing this the next time I come back!
4	Executive summary, ranked best to worst:1. Paris - Le Village Buffet  (Frenchy, but superb and succulent)2. Rio - Carnival World Buffet (great overall, but off-strip)3. Planet Hollywood - Spice Market Buffet (varied experience, but usually good)4. Harrah's - Flavors Buffet (suprisingly good, but suffers from its surroundings)5. Caesars - Lago Buffet (frustrating . . . a few easy changes could make this so much better)6. Flamingo - Paradise Garden Buffet (meh . . . but look! there's a chocolate fountain!)7. Imperial Palace - Emperor's Buffet (it's just kind of sad)Overall summary:Its a pretty decent value for $45, there are at least 3 decent buffets in there. Notes on our strategy for eating 2-3 plates at 7 different buffets in a 24 hour period:* We planned for starting the 24-hour clock in the late morning, so we could go to the last buffet the next day in the early AM* We researched the buffets beforehand, and sandwiched the ones we knew wouldn't be very good between the good ones* Lots of walking up and down the strip in between buffets was beneficial24 hours, 7 buffets, about 3 plates per buffet ends up being about 16,000 calories total, or 666 calories per hour, or about 356 calories per dollar. I call that cost effective.I should say somewhere that I don't normally engage in this kind of wanton gluttony, but I do enjoy a challenge.None of the 7 buffets were anywhere near as good as the Wynn, Bellagio or Wicked spoon, IMHO.  But there are at least 3 good buffets in there so its a pretty good deal for $45. Pictures of my plates:Paris LV:http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/pJpjgXH5lgJtIJos9GqetQ?select=qmLKTI5x4qau7JDaJWEWxghttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/pJpjgXH5lgJtIJos9GqetQ?select=RcLb_yobRpOlMpKf7ZPnrwFlamingo:http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/pJpjgXH5lgJtIJos9GqetQ?select=ak-cNUIPrtWVMErsMJ2itQhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/pJpjgXH5lgJtIJos9GqetQ?select=87-P4mquua9p0l5Bdwyxrwhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/pJpjgXH5lgJtIJos9GqetQ?select=ude_52y9Q-F4oEzNsGFzNwCaesars Palace Lago Buffet:  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/pJpjgXH5lgJtIJos9GqetQ?select=AiE9fsZ8DeV8TM7e45f-cghttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/pJpjgXH5lgJtIJos9GqetQ?select=6lmDA7ZjP38GDivkE6YtSQhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/pJpjgXH5lgJtIJos9GqetQ?select=kHTiIY7Jk_ooKfAwPT1QJwImperial Palace:http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/pJpjgXH5lgJtIJos9GqetQ?select=Ird8ERpMBv4vsWFM23wAZghttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/pJpjgXH5lgJtIJos9GqetQ?select=_yYgzGueHtLOpIE-UCnIXghttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/pJpjgXH5lgJtIJos9GqetQ?select=Uyq27_zpMsnLhYiXNgVLlQHarrah's Flavor's buffet:http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/pJpjgXH5lgJtIJos9GqetQ?select=wLwUqk2H-k11wNs9jo-vSQhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/pJpjgXH5lgJtIJos9GqetQ?select=yxPxIiBbvMYDEkdgrxZ6Bghttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/pJpjgXH5lgJtIJos9GqetQ?select=0Flruu2TQY6-Q_axNiIG-ARio:http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/pJpjgXH5lgJtIJos9GqetQ?select=migOfAJulygd6eErKPIvhghttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/pJpjgXH5lgJtIJos9GqetQ?select=94_j2KtwZ_5hENJM2m1egwhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/pJpjgXH5lgJtIJos9GqetQ?select=dgOBuGOGVt_NwxNCncA_eQPlanet Hollywood:http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/pJpjgXH5lgJtIJos9GqetQ?select=EO1808Zj3jAmo0ZGNTXEoghttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/pJpjgXH5lgJtIJos9GqetQ?select=LVBzyXtHRNxbBwWd8KVa8Qhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/pJpjgXH5lgJtIJos9GqetQ?select=ezf5NeKmYaZYY0sZRnNavgTo wrap this up, I will say that definitely enjoyed the experience, but I will never, ever do all 7 buffets again.  If I were to purchase this deal again, I'd probably only do 3 max, and probably only Paris, Planet Hollywood, or Rio.
5	When i found out Lucy Y, David G, Minh D and i were all going to Vegas, i just knew we had to do that Buffet Of Buffets challange!! With some quick research i found out that you can save a little bit of money. All you have to do is sign up for a Total Rewards card available at any Harrah's casino. Without the card your paying $ 49.99 with the Total Rewards card its $44.99 so your saving $5.00 which can come in handy later on for a drink or something!! Another tip since it is within a 24 hour period, i suggest starting as late as possible because it Vegas and no one is up at the crack of dawn, heck we were lucky to stumple into the second buffet at around 2:45pm!! Come hungry is all i can say, other wise this isnt the place for you to be if a one time trip fills you up!! The buffets are not open 24hours most of them close between 9:00pm and 10:00pm.
5	I will keep this short and sweet, as there are already many extensive and excellent reviews on the seven "Buffet of Buffets" ...buffets.I took advantage of the Buffet of Buffets deal when I was in Vegas in April 2010. I never knew how awesome this deal was until my last Vegas trip (May 2011), where I dropped $121 for two at The Buffet at Wynn ($46/ea "Holiday Pricing" on a Post Office holiday BS + we had the so-called "unlimited" champagne for an additional $10/ea, but with the slow refills, it wasn't truly "unlimited").Vegas has mastered the art of the buffet. None of the three buffets we tried were bad, though some were better than others.My group of friends tried the following buffets (in order of favorite to least liked):1. Spice Market Buffet @ Planet Hollywood - great selection and overall quality of food (dinner) - I'd say quality of food was close to that of The Buffet at Wynn2. Lago Buffet @ Ceasar's Palace - went here for a fantastic breakfast.. great service and drinks are quickly served3. Flavors Buffet @ Harrah's - lunch - worst of the three, but not horrible. Ambiance was underwhelming, but they do have a chocolate fountain where I was able to dip my Rice Krispy Treats in.Overall a great deal. Although I remember it being cheaper in early 2010, you still can't beat the price at under $50 for 3+ meals. It sounds like we missed out on the Paris buffet, but I'll make a point to check it out if I do BoB again.Only downside to the Buffet of Buffets deal is that you have to continue to wear the wristband the whole time you do it (so when you sleep, shower, go to the pool, etc.. it will be in your pictures lol).
4	Two good friends of mine were coming from Oregon, and one of which has never been to Vegas, so we've decided to plan a trip to the Sin City.  Browsing around and planning for our "food trips", we came across the Buffet of Buffets website (please visit:  www.harrahs.com/buffets for details on how it works).  We asked ourselves, for $44.99 (plus tax) per person, with the food that we were about to eat, was it worth it?  We thought so, and we decided to give it a try.  Following is the timeline and my personal opinion about our adventure that we called it our "Food Mission":Stop #1: June 15, 2011 (Wed) Paradise Garden Buffet @ Flamingo01:40 p.m. Arrived at the buffet, no line/no waitThe Good: crawfish, dim sum, seafood, dessertsThe Bad: limited selection, foods don't look appetizing, cold, bland tastesComment: this is not a good buffet, but the services and the atmospheres are greatRatings:  Food:     1/5; Services:     3/5; Environment:     4/5; Overall Worthiness:     2.5/5 Stop #2: June 15, 2011 (Wed) Lago Buffet @ Caesars04:20 p.m. Arrived at the buffet, no line/no waitThe Good: crab legs, prime ribs, seafoodThe Bad: limited selection of food, foods don't look fresh, sodas don't taste rightComment: at the time of arrival, this place was not even busy but the services were a bit slowRate:  Food:     2/5; Services:     1/5; Environment:     3/5; Overall Worthiness:     2/5 Stop #3: June 15, 2011 (Wed) Flavors Buffet @ Harrah's06:50 p.m. Arrived at the buffet, about 20 minutes wait, 2 lines (pay line and wait line)The Good: chow mien, dim sumThe Bad: sushi, meats, small portionsComment: this is an average buffet, with below-average servicesRate:  Food:     3/5; Services:     2/5; Environment:     3/5; Overall Worthiness:     2.5/5 Stop #4: June 15, 2011 (Wed) Carnival World Buffet @ Rio07:45 p.m. Arrived at the shuttle stations @ Harrahs and waiting for shuttle08:00 p.m. Departure to Rio08:15 p.m. Arrived at Rio08:55 p.m. Arrived at the buffet and got in line09:15 p.m. Arrived at the cash register09:30 p.m. Finally got seatedThe Good: variety of selections, custom soup noodles, fresh salads/foodsThe Bad: long wait and slow on getting our drinksComment: due to the fullness from previous buffets, we could not fully enjoy this oneRate:  Food:     4/5; Services:     3/5; Environment:     3/5; Overall Worthiness:     3.5/5 Stop #5: June 16, 2011 (Thur) Le Village Buffet @ Paris11:30 a.m. Arrived at the buffet, about 5 minutes waitThe Good: seafood, ribs, dessertsThe Bad: some foods are cold, little bit of waiting at the food stationsComment: this is an above-average buffet and the atmosphere is good tooRate:  Food:     3/5; Services:     3/5; Environment:     3/5; Overall Worthiness:     3/5 Stop #6: June 16, 2011 (Thur) Spice Market Buffet @ Planet Hollywood12:55 p.m. Arrived at the buffet (downstairs), no line/no waitThe Good: smoked salmon, hot foods, meats, variety of selectionsThe Bad: Mexican and Middle Eastern foods do not look goodComment: this is my favorite buffet because of the choices, although it's not as big as Rio'sRate:  Food:     4/5; Services:     4/5; Environment:     4/5; Overall Worthiness:     4/5 Our overall experiences were just good, not great, mainly due to the fact that you'll always be full and not being able to enjoy the full experience of each and every buffet that will otherwise bring to you individually.  Honestly speaking, there are three above-average buffets in Planet Hollywood, Rio, and Paris, and four not so good ones.  Was it a great experience?  You bet.  Was it worth it?  Definitely.  Will we do it again?  Probably not.  P.S. Skipped Buffet: Emperor's Buffet @ Imperial Palace, due to bad reviews read all over the Internet.
4	Hey guys, I just want to give a review of the 3 buffets that we managed to make it to for the Buffet of Buffets. I can say that since we went to 3 that we made our money back. I won't be doing this again unless I buy my first meal after 8 pm. Let me say, I HIGHLY recommend waiting as late as possible to buy your first buffet! We ended up buying it at 715, had our dinner and then the next day we had breakfast around 10 am, then lunch around 2 pm. We were not at all hungry for dinner by 7... not for a buffet anyways. If we had waited until 8 then we would have been hungry, or at least enough for a slow big dinner. Does that make sense? Okay so anyways, I can say that we made it to some good buffets. Dinner around 7pm night one: Planet Hollywood (Spice Market Buffet)I came here the last time I was in Vegas and was EXTREMELY impressed! It was good that it wasn't just a one time thing. This Buffet is delicious!! There is plenty to choose from and the quality is really good. The butterfly shrimp is amazing with the sweet chili sauce(trust me try it!!!)  If your choosing which buffets to try, I HIGHLY recommend this one to be at the top of your list. They have cotton candy!! Breakfast around 10am day two: Harrah's (Flavors buffet)This was just breakfast so it was really good I don't really know how you can mess up breakfast though. Just do breakfast wherever you are staying. I can say that the size of the buffet was pretty good, so I am assuming that they would have a good selection at lunch and dinner. They have gelato ice cream!! Lunch around 2pm day two: Rio (World buffet)Okay, so this buffet comes in a close second place to The Spice Market. I see it like this, if you want Quality, choose Spice Market, but if you want Quantity, choose World Buffet. It really is a world buffet. This buffet is HUGE!! I was so impressed when I walked in, I didn't know where to start!! They have so many things, I liked it here because they have simple foods like hamburgers and Hotdogs! So there is something for the kids too (Spice market is not as kid friendly). I really enjoyed this buffet. Gelato ice cream here and pretty good cannolis!! I have eaten at the Flamingo buffet (Where we are staying) and it is not worth it at all!! The buffet has very little to choose from compared to the others. I don't recommend wasting a lunch or dinner on it. Breakfast or a snack would be fine, but not a big meal. I do LOVE their chocolate fountain though!! I didn't even want to try imperial palace because of the bad reviews. I wouldn't have minded trying the Paris one, but we just didn't have time. Hope this review helps!! Have fun in Vegas!! :) :) nykki
4	I've done this deal twice already and both times were pretty good! We tried to maximize our deal of course my going to a buffet at least 3 times within each 24hr window. My top buffets are:Paris, Carnival and Seafood (extra charge is worth it).Be sure to bring plenty of antacids and pepto because buffet food never settles in the stomach too well especially if it is all you're eating for an entire day.
5	When we came to Vegas last weekend, we made sure to take advantage of the Buffet of Buffets deal. This is a 24 hour pass at a great price to the best buffets on the Strip. We didn't get around as much as we hoped so we only hit up two different buffet restaurants: Paradise Garden at the Flamingo (where we stayed) and Le Village at Paris. We had hoped to go to Lago in Caesar's but we didn't make it.We had lunch Saturday and Sunday brunch at Paradise Garden and both times the food was great, fresh, and we loved the view onto the Flamingo Habitat.We had an early dinner at Le Village and all I can say is Bon Appetite! This place was amazing. We would definitely come back.We'd wanted to try more restaurants, but even at three meals at only two restaurants this deal is worth it. If you like buffet (I know some folks don't, but I definitely do when the food is good) this is a fantastic deal that I hope stays around until our next visit.
5	On a recent trip to Vegas, my girlfriend and I partook of this deal with my entire family, and then again on our own for our last day on the Strip. We were staying at Ballys, so we ended up at Le Village and Carnival World Buffet (free shuttle to the Rio) the most with one stop at the Spice Market Buffet. The food at all 3 locations was great and the lines were not nearly as bad as what some of the other reviews made them out to be. The deal is great, but you have to make sure you pace yourself enough to actually eat enough times to justify the price! That said, if you love buffets and can handle a day's worth of all-you-can-eat, don't even hesitate! If you think you'd be better off just purchasing separate meals, or you do't think you could eat all that much, maybe think of other options.I have individual reviews of the three buffets, so make sure to check those out!
5	Definitely a great deal if you plan it right - and we did!The price is $44.99 if your a total rewards member, which is fast & easy to register if your not.  If you're a rewards member you can purchase the BoB plan at the register of your first buffet, and the deal expires within 24hrs.For the price of BoB we had the chance to eat dinner on our first night; breakfast, lunch, and dinner on our second night.  My husband was skeptical at first but on our second buffet he realized we had ate at 2 places that added up to $44.99.I had seen this deal before on our other visits to Vegas and never thought about getting it, the price was cheaper too.  On this visit it was worth it!It's a very popular offer and I saw many people use it.*******Let me show you why BoB is a great deal - with BoB we (hubby & I) each had buffets for 4 meals for $44.99 each (plus tax) and without BoB we each had 2 meals for $42(tax not incl)Before getting the BoB we had stopped at Sbarro's to get 2 slices of pizza and 2 drinks = $20After our BoB, we were still in Vegas and went to Chipotle to get 2 burritos and 2 reg. drinks = $22
3	Best dining deal while in LV!Dining is expensive--spent $55 (incl. tax +tip) for breakfast of country fried steak and breakfast burrito.  For the buffet of buffets, $49.95 for 4 all-you-can-eat buffets/person.  After the 4th buffet meal, I was so FULL, I felt as if I didn't want to eat anything for weeks, but that only lasted until the next morning... :-)The buffets sampled:Harrah's Flavors: ok, nothing specialRio's The Village, featuring mostly seafood: pretty good, lots of good seafood, nice gelato, cream puffs and a delectable apricot-creme fraiche concotion; the paella was nothing special; ambience was a bit like a food court; had several types of Alaskan King crab legsCaesar's Cafe Lago:the barbecues, roast beef, green beans and mashed potatoes were good; the desserts were heavenly, and the ambience was nice.  The bad: some foods were bland, and it took some finding, buried deep inside Caesar'sParis' Le Village: love the ambience, and the best organized of the buffets.  The crab legs were boiled perfectly (if a bit wet); the crepes were yummy, the tri-tip was perfect, and there were some tasty pastas and mushrooms.  The bad: the slow line.The best thing about buffet of buffets other than the savings on food was their quality--I did not even get indigestion from trying out all the different foods.
4	I'm giving the Buffet of Buffets a 3.75-- we'll say 3 points from my wallet's POV and .75 from the taste buds.I've been trekking from LA to Vegas about once a month since Jan for work... and doing Vegas on a shoe-string budget in an attempt to make a profit still broke my bankroll. Enter Buffet of Buffets. For 44.99-- w/ Total Rewards card, which is free to sign-up for-- plus tax per person, that's a whole lotta value PROVIDED you eat at least three meals. The boyfriend and I ate four meals at the three highest-rated buffets (for sake of convenience, the buffets located at):Planet HollywoodRioParisPHWe visited each of those buffets in that order, eating twice at PH... not because it was THAT great, but for sake of convenience and timing. Maybe it was reading all of the great reviews about PH that upped my expectations and I'm willing to concede that it might have been an off-day when we went. You will get full, but cold food? I thought that was steam rising from the carving station and the lasagna. I swear they were using dry ice.I don't think I've ever reached for the salt and pepper at a buffet as much as I have here. Still, they have plenty of options. My suggestion is that you go for their pre-split crab legs and for dessert.wait time: 15 min and 25 min (4:30 p.m. and 9 p.m. on a Monday)service: 3 / 5variety: 3.5 / 5taste: 2.75 / 5visit again: probably notRIOYes, it's HUGE-- there's a lot of ground to cover and I highly recommend that you do a walk-thru of this and any buffet to get an idea of what to put on your plate. That said, I don't know if the layout at Rio proves more beneficial to the customer or to hotel. Being forced to walk and move to get your second and third (and fourth, etc) plate gives you the opportunity to spare your stomach even a few minutes more before you get yo glutton ON. But I saw a lot of lazy buffet goers and elderly that weren't physically able to traverse the distance of the buffet. :( it made me sad.As for selection, you can't go wrong. There's something for any picky-palette. The food was warm or hot-- unless meant to be served cold-- and my favorite station was probably the mongolian wok / on-the-spot stir fry. Most of the food was tough or bland. Desserts looked a little dry, but you can't go wrong with a scoop or two of gelato to-go.wait time: 30 min (1 p.m. on a Tuesday)service: 2 / 5variety: 4 / 5taste: 2 / 5visit again: noPARISMy favorite of the three. If you decide to visit the buffet at Paris, be sure to give yourself an hour of time to wait in line (i.e. if you have show tickets and want to eat dinner beforehand, understand you're going to be waiting and surrounded by cranky people).Aside from the wait, I found the service here to be the BEST of the three. Ambiance was "cute." Though a smaller buffet with an emphasis on French cuisine-- surprise-- I found the food here to be seasoned and cooked the best. I overheard a woman complain that certain items I enjoyed were too salty.You can't please 'em all, but my boyfriend and I agree that if we ever do Buffet of Buffets again, Paris will be the only buffet of the three visited that we grub at again.wait time: 50 min (4:15 p.m. on a Tuesday-- we thought our passes were going to expire while we were in line!)service: 5 / 5variety: 3 / 5taste: 4 / 5visit again: yes (but only with the Buffet of Buffets pass)Yes, I recommend the pass, but only if you can squeeze three meals in a 24 hour period. If you're a salad connoisseur, stay away-- I mean, you can find cheaper places to eat leaves at. In all seriousness, though, none of the salad stations at any of the three looked tempting.My vote goes for Paris, and people will disagree on which of the seven buffets is the "best," but I think we all agree that Imperial has the worst... just... stay away... Okay! Over and OUT.
5	I think this is one of the best deals on the strip.  We've done this twice now and hopefully, they will still have this deal in the future.  Every time the hubby and I visit Vegas, we always eat at the Rio Seafood Village buffet so I'm so glad that buffet is now part of this package (you have to add $15.00 more which is still worth it).  We both have the total rewards membership so it's about $60.00/person (remember, we had to pay an extra $15 for the seafood buffet), but we were able to get 4 buffets out of it.  We start off with dinner at the Village Seafood Buffet, breakfast at Caesar's, lunch at Paris and then dinner at Planet Hollywood.  We were so full the whole day but I think next time, we'll just get 3 meals out of this (skip breakfast) so that we can enjoy the food a little more.  The buffet at Caesar's is a bit small so I'm not sure if I would go there for either lunch or dinner, but for breakfast, it was enough options.  But I really did enjoy the buffet at Rio, Paris and Planet Hollywood.  For your last meal, plan on going a little earlier because  you have exactly 24 hours from the time you've purchased the plan and sometimes, there's a line at the buffets.
2	The first time we tried to get this deal was at Rio. Yet, stand in wrong line, automated machine selling regular price rather than this deal, terrible, terrible service there, it was late and unable to change line to purchase this deal. The food was awful there, really awful!!! Absolutely do not go for Rio, perhaps trying Rio seafood better, but additional $15, worth it? Casears palace was limited in choice. Harrah's was decent. Paris, Paris was okd too. One best thing about 24 hrs buffet pass, you don't have to OD on food , stuffs yourself, but spread over period of time and if you dont have to stand in line for these buffets than probably worth it. It was nothing spectacular, just average buffets for the price...Sometime it's better to pay for quality than quantity, good for breakfasts only.
4	This would be a great deal if you could eat 4 meals, we only managed 3.  A good deal, but the food is not on the same quality as the Bellagio.  Based on all the reviews I read, I decided on Rio, Paris and Planet Hollywood.  Be prepared for a lot of time spent waiting in line.  We did our first dinner at the Rio.  It was ok.  The next day we had breakfast at Paris and we waited about 1hr.  Everyone raves about the crepes, but I didnt find them anything to write home about.  Canned pie filling and too heavy dough.  Fake "whipped cream" AKA whipped TOPPING.  They could have at least used real cream.  We got there around 10, but didnt get seated until close to 11.  I had one plate of breakfast food and then the buffet switched to lunch and that was pretty good. There was a lot of grilled items, mushrooms, steak, etc.  Our last meal was at PH.  Once again, fine, nothing special.   I'm somewhat of a foodie, so none of these buffets impressed me.  Next time we go to Vegas, I'll stick with Bellagio.
5	THE MOST WORTH IT DEAL IF YOU ARE A EATER. 24 hour you can eat up to 4 buffets if you are dedicated to it. however when I did it we ate three. Some people say they don't want to eat 2-4 buffets in 24 hours but you don't have to necessary stuff yourself every time. This is seriously a good deal! don't let it pass you by!
3	My girlfriends and I were only here for a few days - and we decided we'd rather spend our money shopping, since it is FAB in vegas.  We were staying at the Paris, so this deal was easy for us to purchase.  BoB was our best friend...we visited 3.5 times (Went only for dessert one night) and it was a fantastic value for what we paid.  Food is decent - obviously, it is a buffet, so occasionally you are going to cross a dried out piece of meat that has been under the heat lamps too long - but for the most part, I would say if you are in Vegas on a budget, this is the way to go.  My favorite was the Wynn, which we went to as our last meal. My suggestion is to make sure your timing and planning are really good - BoB is only good for 24 hours, so we purchased later one evening right before we went to dinner, then were able to have breakfast, lunch and dessert in that time period.  We mapped out where we were going that day, and tried to time our buffet visits for off hours, since the lines can get quite long.  Worked like a charm - barely stood in line and ate like buffet queens :)
4	It's a great deal, but only if you think ahead. For about $50 (for non-members) you could (theoretically, three meals in one full day, and another one in the next day -- just get in line early) get four meals (with each $25-$28 individually priced). It's valid for 24 hours from the time of purchase, and you can use it at seven locations. The downside is the lines are most likely long. Besides having to wait in line, you also risk invalidating your ticket if you're cutting it close to the 24-hour deadline on your last meal. I was in Vegas for 4th of July weekend this year, and unfortunately was one of those who did not plan ahead when purchasing this deal. I ended up eating only two meals, lunch at the Flamingo and dinner at Caesar's Palace (had to rush to the airport to catch my early morning flight the next day). I wish they had more seats in these restaurants so the lines would be shorter (wait averaging 1 hour). But overall, it's one of those things that you ought to do while in Vegas, at least once. Just plan ahead of your meal times.
5	5 Stars for wallet value, 1 stars for health, 3 stars enjoyment.While this has moved from $30 to $49 (or $45 with Total Rewards membership), it's still a great deal (for 24 hour unlimited access to all the Harrah's buffets, except the Rio's seafood buffet which is +$15 per visit).These buffets range from horrible (Imperial Palace) to pretty good (Spice Market, Paris, Carnival).The problem is even with the buffet pass, you don't get a line pass, so visiting more than 2-3 times per day (for light snacks throughout the day) would be a huge waste of time.  However, maybe it would work if you had casino status for line passes, or dined at off hours.
5	Okay for $40 you can eat all you can within a span of 24hours.  I tried one weekend and was never hungry.  I do have to mention that you do get tired of prime rib, crab legs and shrimp.
5	Was recently in Vegas for some R&R and we definitely heard of this Buffet of Buffets deal and tried it and it was well worth it specially if you have the time...since we werent regulars and wasnt a member if any hotels we paid $49.99 but ate at three different buffets: 1st stop was at Ceasars for brunch then Rio for dinner and Paris the next day for brunch again! And oh!  did mention this is valid for 24hrs in 7 hotels?? What a deal right!???
5	Buffet of Buffets, I OWN YOU! 7 buffets in 24 hours, seriously...is that all you've got? Please. You are going to have to up your game BoB, because you have been PWND by this glutton!Here is the damage: Day one: Purchased BoB pass at 4:35pm.Buffet 1 - Spice Market Buffet at Planet HollywoodBuffet 2 - Le Village Buffet at ParisBuffet 3 - Paradise Garden Buffet at FlamingoDay two: Began at 9amBuffet 4 - Flavors Buffet at Harrah'sBuffet 5 - Emperor's Buffet at Imperial PalaceBuffet 6 - Paradise Garden Buffet at FlamingoBuffet 7 - Lago Buffet at Caesar's PalaceBuffet 8 - Flavors Buffet at Harrah'sBuffet 9 - Paradise Garden Buffet at FlamingoBuffet 10 - Arrived at the Carnival World Buffet at Rio at 4:15pm.Final count: 10 buffets in 24 hoursComments:Favorite buffet - Flavors buffet at Harrah's, followed closely by Spice Market at PH and Carnival at Rio.Least favorite buffet - Emperor's buffet at IP, and Lago at Caesars.Best service - Flavors at Harrah's followed closely by Paradise Garden buffet at FlamingoWorst service - Le Village Buffet at ParisBest prime rib - Carnival at RioBest crab legs - Spice Market Buffet at Planet HollywoodHey BoB, it was fun...but let me know when you come up with something a little more challenging.
4	Bought the Buffet of Buffets 24 hour pass to any of the Harrah casino buffets. Yes, I'd do it again. Would avoid Paris, though. Went twice to Paris (late lunch and breakfast), as we wanted to try the crepes that EVERYONE bragged about. The line to get in both times was long (even middle of the week in August); they're not quick to sit people even though there were alot of empty tables. The crepes were undercooked both times. The woman cooking them in the morning had no idea what she was doing. I've had great crepes and these were just awful. Besides being just bad, there also was no savory options for the crepe fillings. It was all dessert or nothing. I had high hopes for the other dessert offerings and all were blah. The creme brulee was runny. The other pastries were either bland, soft (when should be flaky), or overly sugary. The breakfast items were the same in texture and flavor. Maybe they're cooking for the average American palate? Whatever it was, it really did not impress at all.We were impressed with the Rio Carnival buffet though. Did it twice and each time the food was fresh and actually had flavor to it, which are 2 things that most buffets lack. I know this is a strange thing to bring up but their onion rings were FANTASTIC! Very flavorful, hot, AND crispy on both trips. I love good onion rings. Be sure to get the ice cream. Interesting flavors and tasty. Passed on the seafood buffet as it was more money and neither of us are seafood eaters. Would spend the $ to do this one again.Didn't make it to Flamingo's buffet this trip but have in the past. It's also part of the Buffet of Buffets deal. For crepes, this is the place to go! They're made to order. Unfortunately, only dessert options are offered. The crepe chef here knew exactly what he was doing!
5	Totally worth the money!! For $50 (for non hotel guests and $45 for hotel guests) you can eat at any of their buffets at their seven hotels in 24 hours. Except Rio Seafood Buffet; that is an additional $15 fee per person, but I recommend it! Each of these buffets costs between $25-35 per visit so if you eat a lot, like most people do on vacations, you should totally invest in this wristband. It will save you a lot of money! I ordered mine online, but you can go to any of the cashier station and stand in line to purchase a wristband right before you dine.Here is a link if you want to check out this deal:http://www.harrahs.com/buffets/faq.html
3	Got the pass with the $5 off when signed up with the player's club.  Went to 4 different buffets in the 24 hour time span (I know, weak sauce, compared to some of you).  The places we hit up were Paris, Harrah's, Planet Hollywood, and Rio.  I will review each buffet individually, but to sum it up, Paris' was the only one worth going to.  The other 3 sucked.  I would've given this a 4 star if I had eaten at Paris for all the meals.
4	i think it's worth it as long as you hit the buffet at least 3 times..
4	Really worth it for the price.  Stay at one of the hotels and save yourself $5 being a Total Rewards member!  Otherwise you get an annoying wristband that must be worn for 24 hours.  I had to wear one because I wasn't 21 yet, no bueno.Many choices of hotel buffets to hit up, of course, some better than others.  This is definitely recommended if you know you're going to be buffeting most of your stay.I checked out Caesar's Palace (twice for breakfast), Paris (dinner), and Planet Hollywood (lunch).By far, my favorite was Planet Hollywood's Spice Market.  So many options and good meat and seafood, I wish I had gone here for dinner instead of lunch.  Paris's Le Village dining setup is a mess, I really didn't like it.  Seating was either outside or in the little rooms and I thought it was a lot of wasted space.  The buffet seems a lot smaller than CP and PH's too.  Wasn't thoroughly impressed here though their prime rib was good.  Caesar's Palace Lago buffet, I can't really say much since we were only there for breakfast and you can't really go super right or super wrong with breakfast.  Caesar's Palace wins for best service out of the three though.I'd probably do this again if I think I'm up for feasting most of the day and when that day comes, definitely going to hit up Harrah's and Rio.  But other than that, I'll probably wanna hit up other better buffets and give them a try (Bellagio, Wynn, Cosmopolitan, etc.)
2	Cheap eats with cheap quality. If you want to eat a lot but don't care too much what you are eating, this is the place for you. And be prepared for lines!
5	OK real talk. This is the best deal on the muthaf#%n strip!!! at only 50 bucks? ain't nothin wrong with that!! The deal already pays for itself after 2 visits! U just gotta eat at any of the participating buffets before your 24 hours is up! Lago Buffet (Caesars)  7:00 am - 10:00 pmLe Village Buffet (Paris)  7:00 am - 10:00 pmSpice Market Buffet (Planet Hollywood)  7:00 am - 10:00 pmFlavors Buffet (Harrah's)  7:00 am - 10:00 pmParadise Garden Buffet (Flamingo)  7:00 am - 10:00 pmCarnival World Buffet (The Rio)  7:00 am - 10:00 pmVillage Seafood Buffet (The Rio) ** 4:00pm - 10:00pmEmperor's Buffet (Imperial Place) - This buffet sucked!!.... just my opinion.. :p7 great buffets, one stylish wrist band equals one hell of a food coma!! choose wisely... **- "Seafood Village buffet" an additional charge $15 to eat there.. just saying..
3	Average food. There are only 1 or 2 even worth hitting up.
4	This is a great deal, but you need to commit to eating for the entire day to really make it worth your while. We had breakfast at the Flamingo, Lunch at Paris and dinner at Ceasars then breakfast again at the Flamingo. You can't beat the price! The only thing that I would change is that I would have started the 24 hours at dinner so you could get 2 dinners out of it! That would have made the $50 price tag per person so worth it!
5	We tried B of B 2x when we went to vegas on separate ocassions.  It is really worth the money ( 50 bucks for 24 hour buffet of your choice)  if you try at least the top 3 buffet of the bunch:1. Carnival Buffet in Rio --its my favorite which has the widest range selection of food. I particularly like their clams, mussels, prime rib, shrimps, salmon, mexican, chinese, italian, and all kinds of desserts! did i mention their gelato is good?2. Spice Market Buffet of Planet Hollywood--has the best quality of food, with special mention of pre-cut crab legs (saves a lot of hassle of cracking it open), lamb kabobs, roast beef, ham. hmmm.. creme brulee anyone?! 3. Le Village Buffet of Paris -- their sunday brunch is not to be missed. smoked salmon, quiche, french toast, eggs benedict, bottomless mimosa. stand-out is their crepe station where you can order crepes and waffles with your favorite fruit filling. bon appetit!
5	What a deal!  24 hours of buffets for only $45 (with Total Rewards membership, which is free).How it works: - Sign up for Total Rewards online- Go to any of the Total Rewards casinos (we went to Planet Hollywood) to their Total Rewards desk, and pick up your member card- Go to your first buffet when you're ready to start your 24 hours and pay at the cashier.  (NOTE: you cannot buy this buffet pass online!  only at the cashier at your first buffet!  This is when your 24 hours officially start!)- Use your total rewards card as your admission ticket to the buffets for the remainder of your 24 hours.It's such a good deal, you already get your money's worth after 2 buffets.  In order to maximize the deal, try to do 2 dinners, a breakfast, and a lunch.  That's what my fiance and I did.  Meal 1: Started out with a late dinner at Spice Market at PH.  The food is okay... not as great as it used to be back when PH was The Aladdin.  Food here is better than the dessert.  Meal 2: Early breakfast at 7:30am at Paris.  I've always heard this is the best breakfast buffet so there was no question about where we wanted to have breakfast.  Meal 3: Late lunch at Harrah's.  We got to enjoy both their lunch food and dinner food cuz we came so late (we were still super full from breakfast and had to eat lunch at 3pm).  This was my first time at Harrah's buffet and it was actually our favorite of all the buffets we ate at on this buffet pass!Meal 4: Dinner at Caesar's Palace.  We weren't hungry, but just went for the sake of going to a 4th buffet.  Plus we heard Caesar's had the best dessert... and that they did!  Their desserts are much more upscale in terms of presentation.  And they come in little cute serving sizes so you can definitely sample more desserts in one sitting!  Food was okay, but we didn't grab a lot of food since we were already full.Some extra tips: your 24 hours starts and ends when you officially swipe your card at the cashier.  So take into account of waiting lines!  If you have a line pass or VIP member status, then kudos to you.  But if you have to wait in line like everyone else, then plan accordingly.
5	Not going to lie...this is a super great deal! I got to go to the buffet at Harrahs, Caesars, and Planet Hollywood. So Harrahs was ok food wise but service was awesome. Our attendant was the nicest. Then later on that night came caesars, food was better than Harrahs, service was ok. Both Harrahs and Caesars do not have that big of a selection. Then on sunday headed off to planet hollywood. Ok so service here was like the complete opposite at Harrahs...but the food was the best out of the three here. A lot more selections! All in all very much worth it, I had my fill of food and energy with it. Although I wish I had gone to the Bellagio again... Thats my fave. But if you are looking for a good deal and on a budget, definitely do this!
4	The Buffet of Buffets is a great deal. It seems that some of the buffets have gone down in quality since my last stay in Vegas.Overall it's still a great deal for 24 hours of buffet eating.
4	The overall concept and idea of the Buffet of Buffets is pretty genius. For $44.99, you get 24 hour access to 7 different buffets. If you think about it, a lunch, dinner, breakfast, and lunch again anywhere in Vegas can easily cost you more than $44.99 [if you buy it through the Special Rewards card - free of charge, 49.99 w/o the Rewards Card]But there's a reason that these 7 buffets are on the list. With the exception of Le Village and possibly the Rio Carnival buffet, these buffets seem to be struggling on their own and wouldn't be able to draw enough people in on their own. During our weekend there, we hit up Le Village for lunch, Rio Carnival for dinner, Spice Market for breakfast, Flavors at Harrah's for lunch.There were a lot of repeat items throughout these four buffets, but the standouts were pesto pasta and prime rib at Le Village, the beef and pork ribs at Carnival, and the crazy vast amounts of offerings and items at Rio Carnival. Everything else just seemed like a glorified version of Hometown Buffet. I will say that the bottomless fountain drinks and the gelato offerings were definite pluses, but nothing extremely special about these places. The Wicked Spoon [not one of the Buffet of Buffets offerings] was a definite plus way to end our weekend in Vegas, as that buffet was worth going on its own.Good idea, great concept, but mediocre to weak quality offerings. I'd still recommend it because it IS a great cost saver in terms of food for a 24 hour period.
5	The best bang for your bucks! For $45, you get access to 7 different buffets in 24 hours. It is a win-win situation you will ever find in Vegas. Buffet of Buffets is such a great concept. I will definitely do this again in Vegas!
5	This is an awesome deal, you can eat at 6 different casinos on the strip!!! Everything was great, we got it about 1 in the afternoon and had lunch, dinner and breakfast then lunch as our last meal. GREAT DEAL!!!! We actually met people that were on a mission to eat at all 6 locations before their 24 hours were up. Fight on!!
3	Diana S. and I decided to tackle this LV monster known as the Buffet of Buffets. A couple month's prior we laid out this epic BoB plan consisting of Breakfast, Lunch, Dinner1, Dinner2, and Breakfast the next day. What went down veered a bit from our itinerary.We made it out to-Lunch at the Rio - definitely impressed with the selection. Had a whole section dedicated to BBQ! YUMMM. Best thing about this buffet were the hot Asian noodle soups! Pho at a buffet while nursing your hangover from the previous night is one of the best things ever. No wait at noon on a Friday. 4.5/5 starsDinner at PH - Their Mediterranean section is really good! The layout is odd because the desserts are the first thing you see and smack in the middle of the buffet and you have to walk pretty far to get to the seafood. The crab legs are abundant but pretty salty. Nothing else really stood out to me. ~10-15 minutes wait at 6:30pm on a Friday. 3/5 starsBrunch at Flamingo - We initially wanted to do the unlimited Champagne brunch here (additional $4) but we were both waaaay too hungover to do so. Two of our friends opted for that though and the waitress definitely kept their booze coming. Loved the chocolate covered strawberries here as well as the fried chicken! Omelet station was mediocre as the chef uses WAAAAAAY too much oil. When I asked for a sunny side egg for my friend, the chef cracked it, cooked it, realized the yolk broke and threw it out! I'm not sure if I should be happy that he was an egg perfectionist or upset that he wasted food like that! 20 minutes wait at 11am on a Saturday. 3/5 stars.Disappointed that we weren't able to try the supposedly epic brunch at Le Village in Paris but perhaps next time! Each buffet itself isn't even that expensive (~$20 for lunch and $25-30 for dinner), so unless you do at least 3 you won't get your money's worth.
5	I read about BOB here on Yelp and I'm glad that I did! I took a lot of advice and guidance from fellow Yelper's reviews and my boyfriend and I went for it! Day 1: We walked to Bally's and took the free shuttle over to the Rio. We signed up for the Member's Rewards Cards and went to the World Carnival Buffet. Our 24 hours started at 8PM exactly, which is when I said we needed to start, perfect! Day 2: We missed breakfast at Paris, which is what I was really looking forward to. But who really wants to get up early when they're on vacation? We went to Planet Hollywood instead and ate an early lunch there, about 11:30AM. We wanted play bingo at Gold Coast, which is across the street from the Rio. So we hopped on the shuttle again and headed over there. After our session of bingo, we decided to go back to the buffet at the Rio, around 4:30PM. I really wanted the won ton soup that they cook up at the Asian section. We didn't eat that much there, only one plate. We jumped back onto the shuttle back to the strip.The last buffet we went to was Lago at Ceasar's Palace, since most Yelp reviews said they had the best dessert out of the buffets. I thought that it would be a good way to end the BOB experience and I'm glad we did. We sat down at 7PM.My notes are: Rio had the best service, Planet Hollywood shrimp tempura was AWESOME, Ceasar's does have the best dessert...try the one that looks like a big chocolate kiss, it's AMAZING!!! The boyfriend and I are both big buffet fans, so we were excited to do this while visiting Vegas. I think that you definitely get your money's worth out of it. And it's fun to go from buffet to buffet. This is not for people who are looking for a high end dining experience. But it is for people who love buffets and want a good deal!
4	All right, so, if you love food-- and you're Yelping, of course you do-- BoB is something you've got to experience, at least once. Next time I'm in Vegas, I'll probably opt for quality over quantity (brunch buffet at the Wynn, anyone?) but still, NO REGRETS here. BoB Thanksgiving 2011 was a fantastic decision, and a great, affordable way to see who's who as far as Vegas buffets go. Plus, it's just really fun.One thing to be aware of and to plan for, are the lines. And if you're hitting four buffets, each with ~hour-long waits... that's a lot of hours!In summary, I ended up hitting the buffets at Paris, Flamingo, Harrah's, and Caesars. I would rank Paris first for selection and overall fun, Caesars first for quality food and a classier atmosphere. Flamingo was easily the worst of the 4.Thanksgiving Day:11am - Hungover-ly meander over to Paris, attempt to find the buffet, realize that oh! that huge line weaving out into the boulevard -- that's LE VILLAGE Buffet! Notice the $10/person 'Express' (read: cut the long line of grumpy hungry people), head in through the VIP double doors. Buy our Buffet of Buffet tickets as well as the $10 express pass, and we're in business! [In my mind, 2 hours is well worth $10, especially in Vegas. Plus, you can win it all back in the casinos, right??? ;-)] 11:40am - The time we bought our tickets and received the BoB wristbands, meaning it's good until the same time the following day. Sit down, gorge myself. Crepe station had a line, no big, delicious. Most fun interior of the buffets we went to. Very large. Don't miss the tri-tip steaks tucked away in the corner! Creme brulee, yes please. Onward!~5pm - Try to go to Planet Hollywood and overwhelmed by the line, head to the inferior but less daunting FLAMINGO (Spice...Market?) instead. Hey, I'm down for Golden Corral once in a while, which was more or less what the Flamingo buffet reminded me of. $5/person express passes, which we picked up because 1) we had a show to get to and 2) I enjoy cutting in lines, something that never got beat out of me in elementary school I guess. Whatever. Honestly not even that hungry post-Paris, none of the entrees were memorable. Chocolate fountain was delightful. Everything else was pretty mediocre, but the BoB novelty had yet to wear off, so no complaints.~9:40pm - Fresh out of Absinthe at Caesars (was great!) where, of course, we drank the show's namesake. At this point, it seemed like a good idea to run into FLAVORS (Harrah's) before its doors close at 10pm, which was awesome. No line, grab a couple of sodas, a satisfying if generic second dinner. Yummy ice cream!10am - Brunch at CAESAR'S PALACE, which has a surprisingly low Yelp rating for how much I enjoyed it. A short wait, and onto breakfast food! Easily the smallest selection of the 4 buffets, but by far the highest quality food. It's easy to do a mediocre batch of sausage, bacon, watery scrambled eggs, pancakes and call it a brunch buffet... but everything here was really top notch, and the omelette station looked promising. BUT!! Before I could get my second helping of breakfast items, the buffet transformed before my eyes to a completely lunch buffet. I was upset at first, craving more of the breakfast foods I had so carefully sampled in round 1, but it basically ended up doubling the selection, which worked out nicely. Grrrrrreat prime rib and ribeye. Hearty mac n cheese (the kind that's topped with a thick layer of crunchy bits, none of that watery shit). I'll save the rest for my proper Lago review since this is waxing long, but this was a nice way to end my BoB sprint-- with a smaller selection of some really choice items in a more luxurious, calm environment. Dessert bar was a little depressing in the sense that I was so full at this point, I could only admire the delectable selection of beautiful sweets before me.Conclusion: BoB is a great way to invest your time and money, especially if you aren't too familiar with Vegas. You get acquainted with the mood of each casino, and by the end, you'll be a Vegas buffet expert. If you're willing to spend a little more, you can even skip the lines. Think of it as an adventure, don't take it too seriously, and you'll definitely have a good time! But it's not something I would do more than once.
5	HOLY CRAP!This is such an amazing deal. It pays for itself in 1 and 1/2 visits!Once you got the pass, you have 24 hours to eat the Hotels in the chain, which include: Rio, Harrah's, Planet Hollywood, Paris, Imperial Palace, Flamingo, and Caesars Palace, and maybe others I can't recall. If you sign up for the free Total Rewards players card you can get the pass. This is also great bc you put your card in every time you play the slots and get points. Also, every time you book with these hotels you accumulate points..Total for each buffet is about $30 including tips and all the other fees. The BoB pass is $45 - I think it's a pretty sweet deal! The best time to get the pass is about noon. Since you have 24 hrs to go where you please, you'll be able to eat lunch, dinner, breakfast the next day and lunch!Also, you can change buffets... for example, if you go to Flamingo for lunch and don't like it, you have time to go to any other buffets during the lunch hours to find what you like. We did that for dinner once, we liked different things at different buffets so we went buffet hopping!I recommend the Rio World Buffet... it's amazing! Anything you can think of ... is there!Also, the crab legs at Imperial Palace is pretty good since it's a slower buffet, the wait for fresh crab legs is shorter.Harrah's is also very decent for brunch!Flamingo has a chocolate fountain!!I also hear that Caesar's Palace is amazing, but I personally had never eaten there.Enjoy!
4	This is a good deal if your on a budget and don't mind buffet dining!I took advice from previous reviews and started my 24hrs late, around 9pm! Purposely to hit dinner twice, unfortunately that didn't happened :(....1st. Planet Hollywood : I really enjoyed dinner here! They had a great variety of food, enjoying mostly the Mideastern section. I was surprised that the flavor depth was there for this type of cuisine. 2nd. Rio : We had breakfast, which is considered brunch on weekends (heads up). Loved all the selections except for the fact that the only other breakfast meat selection other than pork was a Mexican style turkey sausage that wasn't tasty! Other than that the food was delicious! The eggs are cooked to order any style! They have an array of breakfast breads/sweets! 3. Harrah's: We stopped here for a late lunch, hints the missed dinner! The buffet here is a little smaller and has less selections but the food was tasty! I felt like the other buffets were a better pick! This was just buffet food to me! And the seating took forever when there were many seats available!!
5	It is a great deal.  For $45, you can have 4 buffets withing 24 hours if you time it right.  In my opinion, the best time to buy it is for late dinner.  Here is what we did: dinner at Rio World Carnival buffet, breakfast at Le Village (Paris Casino), lunch at Harras Flavors buffet and dinner at Cesar's buffet.  We were not hungry at lunch time, but we still had salad, deserts and coffee.  After 4 buffets in 24 hours, I do not want to talk about food anymore.
4	Thanksgiving weekend in Vegas and stayed @ Rio. 1. started with Carnival Buffet @ Rio around 8pm2. breakfast Villiage Buffet @ Paris3. lunch Spice Market @ Planet Hollywood4. another dinner before 8pm Villiage Buffet @ Paris4 buffets in 24hrs. Carnival Buffet has gone way down in quality, but maintain good service.a lot of food for sure but nothing really stood out, crab legs were very small and waiting was crazy. Villiage Buffet was actually the our favorite. better qualitycrepe station was excellent and prime rib was good.Spice market was ok. middle eastern section was interesting but the taste was very average overall.
5	Rio was awesome. The hotel was great, the staff was cool and we got free BOB passes just for staying there.We did:  Dinner @ Carnival World (Rio)  Breakfast @ Le Village (Paris)  Lunch @ Spice Market (PH)  Horrible excuse for dinner @ Lago (Ceasar's)  Slightly better dinner @ Spice Market (PH)Carnival World: 45 minute wait.    We ate here for dinner, activating our passes at about 8pm. Some of the food was just so-so, but like with any buffet, the first plate or two is spent just finding what you do and don't like, and from then on it's loading up on the good stuff! Right? The gelato bar was great too. Probably tied for my favorite buffet overall.Le Village: Zero wait, got there right at 7am.    Best. Breakfast. Ever. Seriously, the best I have ever had. And I have had thousands upon thousands of breakfasts! The shining star l think is the prime rib hash. Just incredible. Juicy chunks of prime rib, shredded potatoes, mushrooms, onions and peppers..... Heaven on a plate. Also the made-fresh crepe station is a nice touch. I almost said made-to-order, but that's inaccurate since the crepe chef has to 'follow the menu'. No big deal to me, but there was a lady that was quite upset that he couldn't shove every filling on the board into her crepe. Pretty funny I thought. I got the mixed berry crepe and it was fantastic. I don't even like berries!!Spice Market: Less than 10 minute wait.     We had lunch here and in my opinion, it was a slightly not-as-good version of the Carnival World. I mean, it was good. The tandoori chicken was great and the fajitas were good too. It just wasn't 'blow me away' good. You know?Lago: Zero wait.    Tried it for dinner. Just horrible. Plain and simple. I cannot stress enough how bad this buffet was. Yes, the selection was limited. Reading reviews on Yelp had me prepared for this going in. But the selections they did put forth were just plain disgusting. The ONLY thing that was even edible was their cheese ravioli. It wasn't even great, just the only thing that I was able to take more than one bite of. Baked mac and cheese, tasted like noodles with a light spray of butter and no cheese. Horrible attempt at an asian station I think would offend anyone with asian blood in their veins. Avoid at all costs. So we left, hurried across the street back to Planet Hollywood to get in for dinner there before the pass expired.Spice Market: 30 minute wait     The same as lunch, plus some pre-cut crab legs. Not really my cup of tea. The meat was fully exposed since they were cut the long way. Also very, very salty. I understand being a buffet that crab legs are served cold, but this was a miss. Very cold, very salty crab meat just wasn't for me. After the debacle at Lago, my stomach was sort of hurting anyway. l managed to shove one plate of various bits down (hello again, tandoori chicken...) and pretty much just ate some desserts for dinner. It was good. Carnival World is better I think. If not for that damned tandoori chicken, I don't think Spice Market would ever see me again. You can get everything they offer done just a little better at Rio, plus a better dessert bar.Summary:  Rio takes the #1 spot for overall greatness of just about everything.  Paris was a tough contender, but I only ate there for breakfast.  Spice Market was decent, but sort of a lower quality version of other buffets.  Lago, I would rate 10th out of 4 if at all possible. This place should be shut down.Would definitely do this deal again, even if I had to pay for it. I wanted to try Flavors at Harrah's but they were closed during the time l was there. I wouldn't dare to try Imperial Palace after what I had read, and sort of felt the same about Flamingo's buffet.
5	I agree with Tricia M, this deserves 5 stars just for the value. If you're a tourist, do yourself a favor and sign up for the club card because you get a small additional discount. My cousin and I did this when she visited in the spring and it was a lot of fun (and made things easier since we didn't have to plan and budget meals for that day at all). We started at night on one day with dinner at Planet Hollywood, brunch at Paris, a post-pool snack at Caesar's, and dinner at Rio's Carnival World buffet. Even though we didn't make it to all the buffets, it was still an amazing deal. Even if you only drop into the smaller buffets for a snack, if you go when it's a bit quieter, it's definitely worth your time (and think of how much money you just saved not stopping at one of our overpriced coffee shops).
1	Waiting lines are way too long, at least 2 hours any time of the day. Food quality is less than average .... Does not worth a penny of what we paid .... In addition to all of this they offer to pass line for extra 15$ per visit ...... Don't do same mistake we did ...
5	This is a very good deal if you don't mind eating buffets! But, you do have to plan it out carefully so make the most out of it. The best way is to start with a late dinner, so you can get breakfast, lunch, and dinner the next day. However, do prepare to wait in long lines for some of the better buffets. If you're a Total Rewards member, the cost is only $45 per person, so definitely sign up for that too!My boyfriend and I decided to do this, as we were both TR members, and it sounded like a good deal. After reading all the reviews, we planned on hitting Spice Market and Rio for dinner, Paris for breakfast, and Caesar's Palace for lunch. Unfortunately, it didn't go as planned. We started with a late dinner at the Spice Market in Planet Hollywood, around 9pm. Missed breakfast at Le Village Buffet at Paris, so early lunch at Paris, then skipped lunch for dinner at Rio's Carnival World buffet.We enjoyed all our meals at each buffet, but did end up waiting almost an hour for both Paris and Rio, so do take that into consideration. Would definitely consider doing this again next time we're in Vegas.
4	Tried the Buffet of Buffets this week. It is a great way to eat in Vegas and check out hotels at the same time. You have 24 hours to eat at any of 7 different hotels buffets for only $50. If you get a players card it is $45 but remember in order to get the discount each adult will need to get a players card. We managed to have 4 meals and ate at 3 different buffets.Day 1:-6:00pm We started off with dinner at Planet Hollywoods Spice Market Buffet.  Overall: 4 stars  Line: ~30 min  Ambiance: Decor is simple and modern. Movie posters on the wall :)  Buffet set up: really nice and easy to follow  Food:The food here was really delicious. It was flavorful and they had a really big variety of foods including Mediterranean, Asian, Seafood, Mexican, and American. Some of my favorite dishes was the warm crab legs, prime rib, skewered tandoori chicken and beef. Their deserts were to die for, especially for me who has a huge sweet tooth. They had a crepe making station, cotton candy, yummy creme brulee, and don't be fooled by the soft serve machine. I thought it was just regular ice cream but nope it was vanilla custard soft serve which had a really thick creamy texture.Day 2:-9:00 Le Village Buffet at Paris Paris  Overall: 4 stars   Line: ~40 min   Ambiance: Cozy and cute. Decorated true to its theme, like a Parisan village   Buffet set up: This is why I I couldnt award it 5 stars. The buffet set up was very muddled and it was difficult to find things. Some food items were somewhat hidden behind lines of people waiting for omelets and crepes. Also these stations had extremely long lines. It was alot less organized than Planet Hollywood and other buffets I have been to.   Food: Food was really good. I am not really a big breakfast person but I really enjoyed that even though the spread was your typical breakfast foods they had a variety of each food. For example they had several different types of sausages, I tried andouille which was really good.I also tried the banana nutella crepe with candied walnuts which was sugary bliss. Make sure you have the rosemary red potatoes!We planned on having Caesars for lunch but unfortunately the information desk told us the buffet had closed down a few days ago. This was a little ridiculous since Caesars was listed on most of the ads and was even on our wristbands. Nevertheless we took it in our stride and decided to try Harrahs.-1:00 Flavors Buffet at Harrahs  Overall: 2 stars  Line: ~20 min which was really ridiculous because the restaurant was not packed at all.   Ambiance:Simple but clean  Buffet set up: Easy to follow however alot of the sauces were unaccessable. Also alot of the deserts are behind glass so you have to ask an attendant. Food: None of the dishes were exceptional but nothing was bad either... Cookies and cream gelato was really good though.-5:00 Spice Market Buffet Round 2! Yep it was that good! We decided to go again so we could end our buffet experience on a good note and it was 100% worth it. I got to really enjoy all the dishes I liked the previous night. Best part was there was no line when we arrived!Thing to keep in mind:-There are lines so make sure you go with people you like, anybody the is a wet blanket or picky eater will ruin the experience. I was lucky that everyone I was with were down for anything so it was really fun.-To get the most bang for your buck have a late dinner one night and then have breakfast, lunch and dinner the next day. Remember it's 24 hours.-Be open minded and just have fun with it! Treat it like an adventure and you will be good to go.
1	Watch out! The "Buffet of Buffets" isn't a single place, or a chain of identical places -- it's a collection of 6 different buffet-style restaurants on the Strip. It seems to be pushed as a package deal with hotel offers (e.g., get a room for 2 nights and get vouchers for 2 meals at any of the 6 buffets). If it were up to me, Buffet of Buffets wouldn't get a listing on Yelp at all -- only the individual restaurants would.If you go to the address listed here for Buffet of Buffets, you'll be at Harrah's, and the buffet there is called Flavors. As I write, Buffet of Buffets has a 4.5 star rating here on Yelp, which piqued my interest; but after going to the address listed and finding out it's just Flavors (and trying Flavors -- see my 1-star review @ http://www.yelp.com/biz/flavors-the-buffet-las-vegas#hrid:B2-LbPrmCSBbpjpMAnHAZA), I really wish I hadn't been tricked by the Yelp listing into thinking I was going to get a nice meal.Caveat emptor.
5	I really liked the value and choice options with this package.  I would give this 4 stars for taste, but the value is a 5 star plus.I did the 24 Hour Buffet pass, which is basically the pass you get for free when booking a room through the Buffet of Buffets hotel/meal offer.  The cost to purchase this ticket outside the hotel offer was $45.00person, and you get 24 hours.  You also can choose from 8 different food establishment options.I started with Flavors @ Harrahs for lunch, this was a good lunch with a good variety, and excellent desserts.  The cod was my #1 favorite lunch item here - excellent breading and high quality fish.  The cost of this lunch would have been $17.00 if paid cash.Then off to Rio for the Carnival World Buffet, this was $27.00 for dinner if paid in cash.  This was very good, best gelato, and much to choose.  The asian soup station was delish, and the latin station was very good.  (I've just spent $44 in in buffets folks, and still have 12 hours to go - this is a bargain).Then it was Le Village @ Paris for breakfast the next day.  They had stellar prime rib hash and stewed breakfast fruits.  The coffee was quite good too.  $19.00 if paid cash, so this meal cost me $1 with the buffet pass.Guess I was quite fortunate, because I only had to wait in line for Carnival World, and that was about only 10 minutes.   Dining at off-peak dining hours helped.
5	AWESOME DEAL !!!!I got this this past weekend and it was worth every penny.Got to eat about 4 buffets and it was great.
4	I first did Buffet of Buffets a few years ago when it was first offered at $29.99 + tax.  Needless to say, the response was overwhelming and it is no surprise that it is now $44.99 + tax, plus the option to add the Rio Seafood Buffet for $15 + tax.In alphabetic order:Caesar's Lago - Currently closed for renovation.  I've had late breakfast and lunch here, both very good.Flamingo Paradise Garden - Excellent breakfast, have yet to try lunch or dinner.Imperial Palace Emperor's - Only had dinner back a couple of years ago, somewhat disappointing, but would give it another try.Paris Le Village - Absolutely, positively must do.  Have had both late lunch and early dinner.Planet Hollywood Spice Garden - The name is a carryover from when this was The Aladdin.  The food is fine, but one major caveat; unlike just about any other buffet (including all others in Buffet of Buffets), if you leave a napkin over your drinks, the staff will clear your table.Rio Carnival World - Same as for Paris, have had only dinner, but it was great.  Will have to try the breakfast my next trip.Rio Seafood - Even for the added $15, another must do.
2	Captivated by the price and the amount of buffets we can go to, we decided to give it a try!(+) Dinner at Le Village buffet at Paris was delicious! A huge variety of foods and they were all quite yummy!(+) It's cheap for 3+ meals, IF YOU GET UP AND USE ALL 3+ MEALS(-) Spicy Market buffet at Planet Hollywood -- "#1 in Las Vegas" .....5 years ago(-)  Caesars' Palace buffet(-) Food gets repetitive. The buffets pretty much have the same foods ranging from crappy to crappier to wtf is this?(-) The buffet choices aren't that great(-) I thought we could go to the fancier buffets like Bellagio's or Wynn'sI'm likely NOT doing this again. Of the three places I tried, the buffet in Paris is the best. And if for whatever reason I ever do this again, I'm going to Le Village at Paris for breakfast, lunch and dinner!
4	Honestly, you'd be pretty silly to NOT take advantage of this deal during a trip to Las Vegas. For $50, you get access to multiple buffets at hotels on and around the Strip for 24 hours, and you can buy the pass at any of the participating vendors. If you time it right, you can get four meals included: a late dinner on your first night, and breakfast, lunch and dinner the next day. Not too shabby, if I do say so myself.Despite my above comment, I only visited three of the buffets during my stay. (What can I say? I'm not a big shove-massive-quantities-of-food-in-my-mouth-until-I-feel-sick person.) I ate at the Spice Market Buffet for breakfast, the Carnival World Buffet at the Rio for dinner, and the Paradise Garden Buffet for breakfast the following day. Out of those three, I found the Spice Market to be the best in terms of selection and quality. Although the buffets aren't as nice as the ones at, say, the Wynn of the Bellagio, you can certainly enjoy some nice meals for the price.I only have one complaint, which is that when we went to Caesar's Palace and asked an attendant where their buffet was, they replied that they did not have one. It was odd since Caesar's Palace was printed right on the bracelet, but being that we didn't have much time before we had to run off to catch our flight, we didn't press the issue before visiting an alternate hotel. Caveat emptor!
5	All throughout college, I have frequented The Strip countless times, and every time I have been tempted by the Buffet of Buffets (B.o.B.) billboard ads. Problem is, when you're with a huge group, everyone's sole mission is to hit up as many bars and club, and get as schwastey as f***... there's simply no time to spare on buffets.So, it was Chris K.'s 21st last March, and we unintentionally made our Vegas trip a romantic getaway (surprisingly, Vegas is very suitable for couples... who would have thought?) with very few plans. We're both fatties, so the B.o.B. seemed like the obvious choice to spend our weekend. Plus, you save a lot of money, because for $55 / person (I am not a Total Rewards member, and this amount includes tax) you can pack in 4 meals and "snack" buffet trips.(1) The start of our B.o.B. adventure was at the Carnival World Buffet in Rio for dinner. The only one off the strip, and this particular buffet is loaded with childhood memories (and a huge food selection)... this was the one buffet we always had to hit on our fambam Vegas trips. As a child, I didn't know any better,  but the food tastes pretty crappy now.(2) The next day, we dined on The Strip. Since we stayed at Vdara, it only made sense to have breakfast across the street at The Spice Market in Planet Hollywood... aptly named, because all the dishes were very well seasoned. (3) Immediately after, we hauled our filled tummies to le Village Buffet at Paris for lunch. Luckily, I didn't realize Champagne Brunch was being served, so the hour-long line gave us time to finish digesting our breakfast. The Champagne Brunch (which normally costs $27) alone justified the price of the pass... 2 brunches and we've eaten our money's worth! and you can't skip out on the Crepe bar... that was Chris K.'s favorite part of B.o.B. I know I drank a good amount of champagne, but my flute stayed full the entire course of our meal. Lesson learned at le Village: DON'T CHUG THE CHAMPAGNE!! It is a choking hazard and is a mistake not to be repeated! (4) Our final buffet was Cafe Lago at Caesar's Palace. Although it was impossible to find (there were no signs directing us to the entrance) and the line to get in didn't move (we missed our 24 hour mark by 10 minutes... thankfully we were still allowed in), the food here tasted the best. All the other buffets offered prime rib, but Cafe Lago additionally gave us the option of herb-crusted flank steak (super savory!!). I went back 3 rounds for the flank steak, and even had it as my dessert. Compared to the other participating buffets, this cafe has classier-looking, artistic food displays and seemed more clean, but the selection of food items is less extensive.I am so glad to finally check off B.o.B. on my Vegas To-Do list. Worth every penny! I would do it again in a heartbeat, but need time to mentally prepare my tummy for another 24 hour food marathon...and next time, I'm hitting all 6 buffets :)
2	I was torn on how to rate this deal. Overall, it is alot of food for a reasonable price-- $44.99 gives you 24hour access to six buffets (in Planet Holleywood, Paris, Harrahs, Imperial, Rio, and Flamingo). For an extra $15, you can now include the seafood Buffet in Rio as well. You can easily spend $20 each meal in vegas (and that's with the lower end places).The hubby and I started out around 6pm at the Seafood Buffet in Rio--wasn't impressed (none of the seafood tasted fresh). Then went to Planet Hollywood's Spice Market Buffet at 9pm. The selection looked alot more appealing and the food was more fresh but we didn't eat much since we were already stuffed from the Rio. The next day, at 11:30am, we started at Imperial for lunch--didn't see anything appealing (I probably had one tamale with a bunch of their salsa sauces), then went to the Flamingo and had  a small serving of soup and salad (their selection was even less than Imperial's), and then went to Harrah's--they had more of a variety than the first two, but again, nothing too exciting. We finished hoping buffets by about 2pm. We didn't stuff ourselves as again, there wasn't alot of foods that we had wanted to stuff ourselves with. We later went to Paris around 4:30pm for dinner. I was soooo very disappointed--their selection has shrunken drastically and the food was sooo unappealingly dry with flavors that totally numbed the palate (Not sure if it was the day we went???). We then went back to the Spice Market and finished off our dinner before the 6pm mark. We didn't go to the Carnival Buffet in Rio because we were there last year and had a bad experience so decided not to go back. I think this is how I would rate the buffets from best to worst as far as selection and quality of the food:Planet HollywoodRio Seafood BuffetParisHarrhah'sRio CarnivalImperial FlamingoI probably wouldn't buy into this again. Every buffet had pretty much the same items (even the desserts look the same), with all the same grease, oil, fat and butter. I would probably invest in one good buffet (wicked spoon, wynn) and spend the rest of the time eating at local mom and pop restaruants.
3	When planning the Vegas trip, my friends and I decided that doing the Buffet of Buffets would be most worth it, especially when already eating at one buffet for the price of around $30. The 24 hour buffet meal pass is about $54 plus tax, and you are able to eat at any of the various six buffets (Planet Hollywood, Paris, Flamingo, Harrahs, Imperial Palace, and Rio). My group and I ate at Rio's Carnival World Buffet, Paris's brunch Le Village Buffet and Planet Hollywood's Spice Market Buffet. The food choice was more or less the same, and we weren't totally hungry since our planning of the buffets wasn't too great. We basically ate dinner five hours after the brunch, and we were not too hungry so we didn't get to stuff our faces like we had planned to. I do know that some people plan their time out perfectly to hit all six or they make a trip of Vegas specifically to conquer the six buffets. We just did it because of the deal, and it was worth it. About eighteen per meal (around twenty) including tip ... not too bad. Of course you can always find cheaper eats around Vegas, but I do think it's a good deal to do the BoB, especially if you already plan to eat at one buffet.
4	Great value, but beware - not all 7 buffets are great. We got out passes late (around 8 pm) on a Thursday night at the Spice Market buffet. We were excited for the concept here because we like to try international foods and are a fan of the cuisines offered here. Unfortunately, these were nothing like what we get from actual Indian/Middle Eastern/etc restaurants. If you're not very adventurous or into authentic foods but want to feel like you're broadening your food horizons then this could be your place. I'd say skip it.We had our next meal in the morning for brunch at Lago in Caesar's Palace. A very small buffet for Vegas standards, but everything was done well. The bacon was cooked nice and crispy, not all limp and fatty like at a lot of breakfast buffets. They had classic American staples like pasta, macaroni and cheese, chicken wings and more. They also had all you can eat cold crab legs, made to order omelets and eggs, and a fabulous meat carving station. There was prime rib with jus, carved chicken, and ham with sauces for each. The dessert station was amazing - all manner of little cookies and cakes, mousse cups, chocolates, and a sizable no sugar added/sugar free dessert section. There was a super detailed gingerbread house for the holidays in the center of the station (our visit was about 2 weeks before Christmas). I highly recommend this buffet.We were left so full from this buffet that we didn't end up going to lunch that day. Instead, we skipped right to dinner at the Paris La Village Buffet. I had been excited for this buffet because I love the concept and had heard favorable reviews about it. We went around 7:15, to make sure we had enough time to get through the line without our passes expiring. They had a good selection of foods, as well as a crepe station. I was just not that impressed with the food overall. The meats were kind of dry and a bit flavorless, the desserts were mediocre. I'd give this buffet a try again, mostly because it seems like it has potential and others gave it good reviews, but I would probably go earlier to see if the food was better quality.All in all, it's a great value if you can make it to at least 2 dinners. Obviously the value is better the more meals you have in 24 hours, so when I go back to Vegas I'm going to try to eat more meals but in smaller amounts to sample the other buffets on the list.
5	The name says it all...BUFFET OF BUFFETSWas recently in Vegas for some R&R and we definitely heard of this Buffet of Buffets deal and tried it and it was well worth it specially if you have the time...since we werent regulars and wasnt a member if any hotels we paid $49.99 but ate at three different buffets: 1st stop was at Ceasars for brunch then Rio for dinner and Paris the next day for brunch again! And oh!  did mention this is valid for 24hrs in 7 hotels?? What a deal right!???
5	Every single time I visit Las Vegas, I take advantage of this deal.  $50/person for 24 hours of buffet is such an amazing deal.  My favorite buffets are Paris and Rio.  I did not like Harrah's nor Imperial Palace.  I go to Paris for their crepes and sole.  They have great varities of deserts.  I also love their Brunch!  Rio's seafood buffet can be added on for an addtional charge.
5	Pretty fantastic deal, get the lamb at spice market.We made it to three different locations, but I maintain this is a worthwhile investment.  I do have to admit there's a special place in my heart for the decor at Le Village Buffet, though it seemed like the waitress was having a rough time keeping up with the madness. Also there's birds at Le Village Buffet, which is confusing at first, but then charming. The foods offer comfort in their heavy creams sauces, and cheeses. But the winner of all was definitely Spice Market's delectable lamb kabobs. I kept going back until I thought I would explode, and then lo... and behold! Cotton candy. Yes. Transport back to sticky fingered childhood, cotton candy, there in the midst of sin city. Loved it!
5	I am glad that my friend told me about this deal. It was definitely worth it! $45 (with the rewards card) for 7 different hotel buffets?! I'M ALL IN! I can imagine how much money I would spend if I went out to eat without this deal. My favorite buffet would be Paris because I swear the food tastes and looks good. It's like gourmet food on a plate! Planet Hollywood was alright. I thought it was going to be better. Rio is my go-to place for seafood ... SEAFOOD GALORE. The seafood is so fresh and I love it! I am a fan of Buffet of Buffets and when I come back I am going to make sure that I will have this experience again!
5	Bought this pass three times out of my last four trips to Las Vegas, definitely worth the $50 bucks (minus $5 for rewards cards + tax).
4	I love this buffet because the price is good and they have enough seafood for me, hehe! I love their shimp, crab, chinese style fish, desert and ice cream. The oyster is not fresh, ribs are not that good, ahhh, so sad, I love ribs and oysters. Well, over all is good. Will go back again next time when I party in Vegas. hahaha! :)
3	This is something you feel like you have to try when in Vegas.  Yes the deal sounds really good...I know.  If you make the total rewards card, it is $44.95 for 24hrs ($49 tax included).  We had 3 meals within the 24hrs time frame: lunch (le village at Paris), dinner (spice market at Planet Hollywood)  and breakfast (flavors at Harrah's).  So one meal cost about $16.  If you can squeeze 4 meals out of the deal, it could be just $12 a meal.     The only place I really liked was le village at Paris.  Their meal and service were enjoyable.  The spice market at Planet Hollywood was mediocre.  The only things I really ate were crab legs and the desserts.  The rest of the buffet tasted blah.  Now the flavors at Harrah's was terrible.  I did not like the place at all.  So if you want to get stuffed every single meal with mediocre food, this is a great deal.  I found out I would rather go to good restaurants, pay a little more and have tasty food.
5	How many more reviews do you need to believe that this deal is SO WORTH IT?? At first it sounded a little too good to be true but wow, superb deal considering most Vegas buffets are already $20+. I got to squeeze in 4.5 meals...two lunches, one brunch, and two dinners. I didn't stuff myself either which I tend to do regularly to make it worth it, but with this pass I'm able to eat comfortably knowing I can always come back to eat more haha.$50 (that's with taxes) and unlimited access to 7 different buffets.-Spice Market Buffet @ Planet Hollywood-Le Village Buffet @ Paris-Paradise Garden Buffet @ Flamingo-Carnival World Buffet @ Rio-Flavors @ Harrah's-Village Seafood Buffet @ Rio (additional $15)-Emperor's Buffet @ Imperial PalaceSmall downside is you still have to get in line with all the regular buffet purchasers. Wish there was a separate line for the 24hr buffeters but that's just asking too much haha :p
5	Note: this review is solely for the value of the deal, not for the quality of buffets [see separate entries]Ummm hmm.  So for $45 not including tax, you get to go hog-wild with eating up to 6 buffets in 24-hours within these Vegas buffets: http://www.caesars.com/total/las-vegas/buffet-of-buffets.May the best (wo)man win.  (B/c life should always be about competitive eating).
5	This is still an amazing value, but I needed to make some updates.Each person in your party who wants the $45 price needs a Rewards card.  Paris is not as good as it used to be in service or cuisine.Planet Hollywood (Spice Market) and Rio (World) are my current top two contenders.  They have the most assortment, and best overall service.  See my older review, and the individual reviews for each buffet for more details.
5	Incredible value, wow. For some reason I thought it was $35 for Rewards members, but even at $45, it is an awesome deal. The 24 hour window begins when you first purchase the pass at whichever buffet you start off at. If you start at dinner, you can fit in dinner, breakfast, lunch, and then dinner again, if you are really dedicated. We bought the pass at 6:45 p.m. (after waiting in line for awhile), so you could easily fit in an early dinner the next night within the 24 hour window. We had dinner at Spices in Planet Hollywood and breakfast and lunch (at 3 p.m.) at Le Village in Paris. I enjoyed breakfast at Paris so much that I returned for lunch. Since it was a holiday week/weekend, the champagne brunch at Paris was $30 for Total Rewards members if you didn't get the 24 hour pass. But it was included with the pass, so free champagne....score!
2	Good price for the different buffets but not all the buffets are good. Do not try if you have more than 8 people. All the buffets will charge you gratuity each time before sitting and if you don't pay they will make your family and friends split even if there's an open table next to you. Paris was a HORRIBLE experience. Service was horrible and they made it so complicated for my whole family to sit together even though there was an open table next to us. Food in Paris wasn't all that great either except for the crepes. Rio is the best buffet. But it's hard to eat so much in 24 hours especially since its a buffet. So make sure you split your time wisely to try as many buffets as you can in 24 hours.
3	great deal if you want to do at least a couple of buffets cause it's worth it as most buffets are between $23-$30 already.  if you don't have a total rewards acct, make sure you sign up to get the discount to pay $44.99. we ate at Planet Hollywood, Paris, Harrahs & Rio. you really don't have time to eat at all unless that is all you're doing and there was no way we could eat anymore than the 4 meals we had within 24 hours.. in fact, we were not even hungry at all yet at our last meal but we wanted to make sure we got our last dinner in!  make sure you arrive at least an hour before you want to eat the line is LONG!  hostesses & cashiers are not nice at all but the serving staff were outstanding at all of the buffets except for Paris. Here's what we thought:PH (dinner) great crab legs, both cold and steamed, cut in half for you for easy eating!  Paris (breakfast) we will never here again!  how do you ruin breakfast?  party of 5 and we were all very upset that the food sucked! I'd compare it to hospital cafeteria food!Harrah's (lunch) good Asian fare. curry was delish, smaller buffet but the quality of food was good.Rio (dinner) huge buffet, might be the largest out of the 4 we ate at.  pretty much everything was good here except for the ham... the teens of course enjoyed the gelato bar & said the cheesecake was the best here.
3	We were budget travellers. There's probably no cheap restaurants on the Strip other than the chain fast food. We bought the pass in Rio around 9.30pm, just one hour before it closed the buffet. There were a lot of choices but the food was just ok. The Chinese counter is NOT up to standard. The next day, we tried Paris breakfast, Planet Hollywood lunch and Paris dinner, making full use of the pass. All buffet I tried offered snow crab legs. I'd say Planet Hollywood is the best but Paris is fine as well. It's value for money but if you are looking for something good. That's not your choice.
3	We did the "buffet of buffets" deal earlier this week, and while I can see that it might work for adults, it ended up being a bust for our family of two adults and two kids.  Kids pay the same price than adults, though of course, they don't eat nearly as much.  We only managed to do 3 buffets total (two dinners an one breakfast) and I think it would have been just as cheap to pay for each one independently using the coupons you can find out there.  It would have been even cheaper to eat at a regular restaurant.  Live and learnAs to the buffets:Rio for dinner:  the line was too long, it took us about 45 minutes to get in   The buffet itself was HUGE, it would be impossible to sample even half of everything I wanted to.  The food was generally OK, there was nothing exceptional.  I wouldn't bother coming back.Harrah's for breakfast.  We don't usually do breakfast but I enjoyed doing this one.  There were plently of both hot and cold options and mostly everything was good.  This one I would do again.Paris for dinner.  This was probably my favorite, but I like French food.  Most dishes were only OK, but there were a few (the grilled meats from Savoie, the smoked gouda from the cheese station, the scalloped potatoes and, of course, desserts - that made this place worth going to.  I'd go back.For comparison purposes, last year we visited the buffet at Planet Hollywood, which was also huge but provided more international offerings.  I'd rank that one as above the Rio's but below the Paris'.
4	The buffet of buffets is totally worth the price and will pay for itself in just two visits! Make sure you pace yourself or else you'll be sorry. If you are a Total Rewards member, you pay about $45 for a 24 hour pass to six buffets on the Las Vegas strip. You can sign up for free at the Total Rewards counter at any of the participating casinos. Plan accordingly and drink plenty of water to prepare for 24 hours of pure indulgence and gluttony. Please remember to tip your server because they work really hard and even though this is a buffet, they still clean your plates, fill your drink orders and give you napkins. Don't stiff them a tip unless the service was crummy. I had one buffet out of the six that was extremely unsatisfactory. I will be writing about that in another review.
5	Absolutely the best value on the strip. Think about it... All you can eat buffet , 7 locations, for 24hrs. We tried Paris (excellent breakfast and crepes), spice market buffet (variety of food), and Rio dinner.. Each places are $20 per person at least. But if you be rockin' that buffet-of-buffet deal, you save a ton of $$. If you are a Total Rewards member, the ticket is 5 dollar less (to $44.99). Don't take my word for it, this deal speaks for itself. Even if you don't want to stuff yourself, you can always come in to one of these buffet for a quick snack and/or drinks. They are complementary. :)
1	This buffet at the Aria may have a great price, but the food with the exception of the pastries had no flavor. I would suggest the Wicked Spoon at the Cosmopolitan Hotel, it was way better.
4	Very good deal, you will have a vast selection of foods. However, at these buffets, the quality of the food isn't as good as Wynn, Bellagio, or Wicked Spoon- but i'm sure that's a given. But for the price you cannot beat it!  Here's the order of the buffets i think are best to worst. Rio - Paris- Planet Hollywood - Caesar's Palace - Harrah's - Flamingo - Imperial Palace (have not tried Imperial Palace because the hotel itself grosses me out)
5	We did the 24 hour buffet thing in Dec. and it's TOTALLY worth the money. If you've ever gone to Vegas, you know the food can get pricy! Long gone are the days when you could get cheap food on the strip. Paris has one of the best buffets I've ever tried and you can't eat for 24 hours anywhere for $45! It is a great deal and worth every penny! We are going for Thanksgiving this year and doing it again! If you time it just right, you get it for lunch one day, you can have lunch, dinner, breakfast and lunch before it expires. Seriously, you can't go wrong!!!
3	Nothing extra special, but that's OK. As long as it doesn't suck - that's the rule I go by. The Gold Coast Casino's buffet is a fun buffet. A good seafood menu: catfish... mmmmmmm, fried shrimp... mmmmmmm, something else from the ocean fried i forgot what it was... mmmmmmm. Yummy sausage at the carving station, and the superest, goodiest, scrumdilicious potato soup... mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm. Many staple desserts. The Gold Coast buffet is one of those centrally-located Las Vegas buffets which satisfies the pallet while it goes easy on the wallet. Good prices - Lunch, only $7.99. Yay! Have fun!!! :)
5	This is definitely worth it folks! Even if you just eat 2 meals, it's still the cheapest (quality) ticket in Vegas. Especially if you do what all the hard core people do (I researched the buffets...ahem...)  and start your 24 hours later in the dinner hour on the first day so that you can get TWO dinners during the 24 hours...not to mention a possible breakfast and lunch!I was working a big corporate convention and STILL mentioned to get my 2 dinners in. So it was totally worth it. Most (if not all) of the buffets are open til 11pm, so that helps. I had to be at work before the 7am opening for breakfast (I KNOW!)---so I missed out on that. But my good friend who had also bought the buffet ticket with me was a champ and brought a piece of the buffet (a bear claw) to me! MUAHAHAHAHAHAHA!  #lifeofcrimeWe went to dinner the firs night at Spice Market in Planet Hollywood.  It was solid. Decent selection, and at 830pm on a Monday night we didn't have to wait long. I ate mostly stuff from the Middle Eastern station. Lamb kabobs, chicken curry and rice with lentils. YUM!Tried a bite of the Key Lime cupcake before we left but it wasn't worth finishing. The cupcakes were plain with a bit of flavored stuff in the middle, with cheapy sugared whipped cream icing.  Also too dense, texture wise. Not in a 'thick, I'm filled with butter' kinda way, but in a 'I was overcooked in the oven or don't have enough baking soda/powder' kinda way. But then, you MUST remember, my sister is a baker and I am a cupcake snob. So, yeah.Since we were staying at Bally's, we stopped to get the made to order dessert crepes at the Le Village buffet in Paris on the way home. 2 buffets in the same night. That's what you do with a 24 hour buffet pass people. Come on!The crepes were AMAZING. Totally great life choice. And then tonight, we went to Paris for the dinner buffet, since it's swankier than the Spice Market buffet (which we discovered the night before when we got the dessert crepes) . I got the banana one with carmel sauce instead of chocolate. YUM!For dinner I had the prime rib with the mushroom sauce (YES!), the mac n cheese with truffle sauce and mushrooms or something (not to be confused with the very bland shells with brie and bacon - don't waste your time here), scalloped potatoes and french green beans with almonds. Delicious!Didn't even bother with the other buffets cause they were farther away and the reviews weren't as good. But with the Spice Market and Le Village being right next to each other, you really don't NEED any other options. Be happy. Eat good food in Vegas that doesn't make you poor.
1	This is totally a deceitful promotion. It is not a 24 hour buffet pass. None of the buffets is open pat 10pm. So for those of us (and there are many) late night partyers who want to eat in the middle of the night, it is impossible to get food on this pass. If you cannot eat after 10 pm., then it has no right to be called a 24 hour pass.  I want to eat anytime I want- midnight to 4am or beyond- and I can't, there is NOTHING to eat after 10pm. NOTHING! It is a worthless pass for Vegas nightowls who sleep all day and party all night. We simply cannot eat at a buffet during our peak times- there is not a single bite of food to be found! Better to just dine at a normal restaurant. Forget the buffet pass. It is a total ripoff!
1	Purchased this pass which turned out to be a complete waste unless you have all day to wait in lines. We were told to plan an hour for dinner and an hour and 45 minutes later our pass expired and they wouldn't do a thing. We wasted hours of our life waiting in line for terrible service and so so food. The manager was very rude. Its not worth your time for this scam!
1	If I could leave less of a star I would. Wasted so much time in lines. They were completely inaccurate in assumptions of line times. When told 45 minutes it was more like 2 hours. There were far more people coming out then they were taking in due to the incompetence on the computer. The manager at the buffet at ceasars needs to be fired for her attitude. Don't waste your money!
5	What a bargain! Long gone are the days of 1.99 midnight steak n eggs. But for the new revamped Vegas this is a STEAL. For 45.99 with your players card * which you can sign up for on your way in* you'll get 24 hour access to a wide variety of amazing buffets. I was staying at the Paris and went to dinner at 6:30 pm Tues ten went for "4th meal" desert and coffee  at 9:45pm. Got up Wed morning went to Breakfast, then Lunch then dinner at 6:pm. I got 5 HUGE meals in an amazing Buffet. YES I only went to the Buffet in Paris. But WOW want it amazing
4	Worth it just remember you will pay the price by waiting in line. Paris was great
5	This is AMAZING!! Went to Vegas weekend before last and purchased this at 11:30am at the Paris brunch. That was probably the best meal, though I keep going back and forth in my head between there and the Carnival World(Rio) dinner. Besides those 2, we also went to Flavor's(Harrah's) for what was supposed to have been a snack(okay, maybe a little gluttony in order to maximize the use of our 24 hour pass) but turned into 2 plates. I was pleasantly surprised with this one. Then the next morning on our way out, we hit Spice Market(Planet Hollywood) for breakfast/brunch. You can skip that one. I wished we did and went to Rio instead, but unfortunately I let my curiosity get the best of me because I had never been there before. We didn't make it to the others(missing the Imperial Palace was intentional), but 3 of the 4 we did hit were great. I'll also review each one in detail separately, so feel free to read those if interested. Overall this is a great deal and I think you should get it!!
5	TOTAL DIET KILLER!But hey, you're in VEGAS!My Buffet of Buffet List of...... Best to Worst:1. Bacchanal Buffet - Caesar's Palace2. Spice Market Buffet - Planet Hollywood (Formally Aladdin)3. Le Village Buffet - Paris4. World Buffet - Rio4. Flavors Buffet - Harrah's5. Emperors Buffet - Imperial Palace
4	Hands-down, the best meal deal in Vegas.  $50 gets you access 6 buffets across the Harrahs-owned casinos ($45 if you sign up as a Total Rewards members for free) for 24 hours.  Your clock starts when you buy the meal plan at your first buffet, and then it's on.  As has been mentioned: pro-tip - sign up late on the first night for dinner, then you'll be able to do an early dinner the second night, banking you four meals at $13 a piece, and fits in perfectly if you're planning on hitting up a show Saturday night.If you want, you can also try out Rio's Village Seafood Buffet or Caesar's Bacchanal for an extra $15 per visit.  Worth doing one, probably less compelling for a second trip on the same ticket.
4	Buffet of Buffets is the greatest option for people who are just in town for the weekend, not those who are local (don't want to clog their arteries nor become obese). You have seven different choices to choose from here is the list:1. Spice Market Buffet at Planet Hollywood2. Le Village Buffet at Paris3. The Flavors at Harrah's4. Carnival World Buffet at Rio5. Village Seafood Buffet at Rio (Additional $15)6. Emperor's Buffet at Imperial Palace7. Bacchanal Buffet at Caesar's Palace (Additional $15) *RECOMMENDED!!!*Definitely recommend getting your total rewards card to save you a few bucks here and there. (21 and over) You get exactly 24 hours from the purchase time. I would suggest to get it at around 7 or 8 at night so you get two dinners, breakfast and a lunch all for $45 excluding the additional $15 if you are willing to pay more for higher quality of food. Just know that the lines are crazy on the weekends so be prepared to wait or pay extra $10 to basically cut in line to go to the front. Note: Recommend to bring a few bucks with you for tips. Also, make sure to have a small group before you are waiting in line for an hour or two just for a table.
4	This is a review for PH Spice Market buffet, Paris Buffet, Bacchanal Buffet at CP and Flamingo buffet First stop PH Spice Market for breakfast. I'd pass on this one. The selection isn't that great. If there's no line and you want a quick breakfast then ok stop here. We also had a late dinner here since they close at 11pm. The selection isn't so bad. The dessert here was blah. It's all cupcakes. Creative flavors. But if you're not into cupcakes it's pretty lame. I took small bites of interesting flavors. I have to say that they were moist at least considering the large batches they have to make. There's a sad selection of crab legs. They also had cocktail shrimp. The selections were American, Asian, Mediterranean, Italian and Mexican. Next, Lunch at Paris buffet. This was really good. The coffee is good and their selection is extensive. Sadly, the made to order crepe station was a disappointment. I was told that they'd only make crepes off their savory or sweet menu and none were appealing to me but I settled on the nutella and banana which sucked. The fruit toppings are not fresh. The bananas were pre-mixed in this overly sweet jelly thing that was wrong. I'd rather pay for a Jean Philippe crepe. Also I've read reviews that their chocolate croissants was awesome. Wrong again. All the croissants were hard and not flaky or buttery. Again I'd rather pay for a Jean Philippe almond or chocolate croissant which is well worth the calories. Everything else was good. Their salad bar is fresh. Fruits were fresh. Cheese selection was yummy. We also ended the pass with breakfast at Paris which was good. French toast, pancakes, coffee all yummy. Omelette station guy makes big omelets with lots of toppings. I'd pay for the breakfast alone, good bang for your buck. I think $15.99? Since on the website it says you gotta check out Flamingo for their asian food selections the bf chose to check this place out. This place was de-press-ing. We literally sat down for 10 mins and left. The food looked wrong. That's all i have to say about Flamingo.Last but not least....Bacchanal at CP. This is the reason why I wanted to do the pass. Extra $15 for the newest and best buffet? Ok deal. WELL I apparently read the fine print wrong. I thought you only had to pay $15 to upgrade the pass, giving unlimited access to the buffet. I even asked this when the girl rang us up. Specifically I said "So once we upgrade we can come back and eat again whenever?" And her answer was "Yes" So I'm thinking great...I'll pay $15 extra and we'll go a couple more times before the 24hrs is up. So when we went it was at 4pm on a Thursday and a perfect time to sample the food because it was not busy at all. The plan was to fully indulge later. So we tried a few things, which were pretty good but we were so stuffed from earlier we didn't eat a lot. I was really looking forward to the dessert because I've read so many good reviews about it so I decided to wait to enjoy it. I just went to check it out and it made me so excited for later. We just got a gelato to go in a chocolate and peanut dipped cone which was pretty good. So come later when we were hungry and ready to have a late dinner, we get in line and tell them we have the pass with upgrade already. The guy scans our player's card and says "$32" and I'm thinking no we already paid to upgrade and this is when he tells us "No, you pay every time you eat here" Yeah I was pretty pissed and disappointed. At least we didn't wait in the long ass line for dinner when we had walked by earlier. I don't plan on paying again for this buffet because the food wasn't spectacular, extensive selection yes but omg delicious..no. The asian food was ok. The seafood is pretty good and fresh. I guess I'll never get to try their dessert unless we go with family and they pay. haha.
4	WOW... You need to be able to eat often to make it worth your money..  We did Dinner @ Rio Village Seafood Buffet~~TERRIBLE!!  Not worth the extra $15...  Breakfast at Planet Hollywood Very Good, Lunch at Planet Hollywood and it was really very good and nice variety!  Dinner at Flamingo---Not very many choices but, the food they had was decent.
4	did it! I don't think my group utilized it to its' fullest potential. We were so full from brunch and did not have time for dinner due to bachelorette priorities. But, it could be worth it. We went to  the spice market buffet and Le Village Buffet at Paris. I enjoyed the Paris buffet much better. It had snow crabs and lots of shrimp. Spice Market Buffet did have a cotton candy machine= bonus!
4	This is really a blast.  The Buffet of Buffets (Bob if you will) allows you to pay a little more than the cost of one of the buffets but gives you access to all the buffets you can make it to in the Harrah's owned properties (IP, Bally's, Rio, Ceasars, Flamingo, PH, Paris, Harrah's) within 24 hours -- there is a little upcharge for the seafood at Rio and Baccanal, both reasonable upcharges if you ask me.  You can buy Bob at any one of these individual buffets, and they will either give you a wristband, or if you are Total Rewards member, they will put the Bob on your card so you can just swipe in anywhere you go.The reason for me Bob does not get 5 stars?  We were 4 (FOUR) minutes late (according to the time stamp on the receipt, and thier clocks) to one of the buffets, and they did not honor us getting in.  REALLY?  I mean just have a 15 minute rollover plan just in case that taxi takes longer for the customer than expected.  Since they don't... make sure you are plenty on time for that last one you decide to hit up.
4	Best food deal in Vegas, HANDS DOWN. $12 for a footlong at Subway? COME ON. Be smart.Buffet of Buffet Pass (good for 6 all-you-can-eat-buffets for 24 hours: some of which include all-you-can-drink champagne, mimosas, etc.) - $45 (with Total Rewards card which is completely free)Additional Charge for Upscale Buffets - $15 each per visit ($15 once does not mean that you can come back later for a second meal and not pay again)=~$60 for great food of all varieties and enough alcohol to get a nice buzz (if you have good service) for the cost of a tip... (UM, have you seen the cost of alcohol in Vegas???). AKA unlimited food and drinks for ~$15 each meal? YOU CAN'T BEAT THAT!Get your pass at a dinner buffet (between 7pm-9pm) so you can have dinner, breakfast, lunch, and another dinner.Yes, the lines will be long. Yes, they are unavoidable since your stomach will need some time to digest between stuffings and you WILL end up having to eat during some meal rush. No, it is not worth paying extra money to "skip" the line... a Total Rewards woman even admitted to that. But YES, you will find at least one thing you want seconds of at most buffets and you WILL have the option of eating as much or as little as you desire with free reign for 24 hours.YES, you should go to Bacchanal (best quality) and Le Village (best flavor).NO, you should not go to Spice Market unless you have drunken taste buds. Even then... it's hard to black out biting into a rock from the couscous or miss the fact that there's no cheese in your cheese quesadilla.Use Yelp, make good choices, don't hesitate to repeat buffets. What's good is good and this deal is GREAT.
4	Used it in my recent visit. It was a great deal!The best buffets in order:1) dinner at ceasers palace: worth the extra 15$. Great fresh food with enough options.2) brunch at Paris: long lines, but the food and service was great. The crepes were excellent.3) dinner at spice market, plannet hollywood. Not as good as the first two, but was it was okay.Over all the buffets and the deal were worth it.
5	We managed to fit 3 of the buffets in our weekend. Such a good deal considering how much it would have costed us if we paid for it seperately. Or even just ate out.7 buffets to choose from but watch out - a few of them you have to pay an additional $15.Get a total rewards card and you get $5 off - i think it brought our pass to $45.This is a nice option if you're going with a group of people and deciding on what to eat is an issue. If you always go to a buffet, everyone's bound to find something they like. The 3 buffets we went to were really good - the one in 1. Rio 2. Paris Paris 3. Harrahs in that order.Tip: pace yourself. If you eat too much your first meal, you might not have enough room in the stomach to utitlze the rest of the 24 hours.
4	I have done this deal twice and I'd like to say that it's worth it. For $50 you get to eat as many meals as you can fit in within 24 hours. Most people would probably be able to get 2-3 meals within those 24 hours. Without it, a buffet would cost anywhere from $30-$60. I know that some of the other yelp reviewers say that you have to eat fast and time it right but I think that as long as you get two meals in, you've received your money's worth.In a way, it's a lot like getting a season pass at an amusement park. Even if you go three times in that whole year, you've spent less than you would if you had bought three individual tickets so it's well worth it.I've only had a chance to go to the Rio and Paris buffets and I am absolutely satisfied. The Rio one is perhaps the bigger of the two and it has a variety of foods including pho and wonton soup for my asian food craves.I have to say I was a little disappointed by the Paris buffet. It had a lot less food than I had expected but if you really love crepes and dessert, this is where to go. Also, the service is great and the people are friendly.As for tips,I recommend getting the wristband as late as you can before closing so that you can have a more flexible schedule for dinner the next day. Also, it is never too late. Your wristband lasts until the minute it reaches 24 hours. I remember the last time that I went, my wristband was supposed to expire at 7 pm. My boyfriend and I rushed to the Paris buffet only to find a super long line. It was 6:59 but I refused to give up so I went to the customs desk to the left of the line and told the friendly lady at the desk that my wristband is about to expire but I'd like to squeeze in one last meal. She smiled and gave me a receipt for two at the buffet and told me to show the cashier at the line my receipt and proceed to the line to be seated.I didn't want to wait in the same line for the cashier where people were waiting to pay for their meal so I skipped to the front and told the girl showing people to seats that I already had my receipt and asked if she could seat me. She asked if everyone in my party already paid and I said yes so she took my boyfriend and me right in.So we basically saved 45 minutes of standing in line and managed to squeeze in a meal with one minute to spare.Also, if you happen to walk past a buffet while you're going about your day on the strip, and the buffet has no line going in, feel free to stop by and grab a gelato or a cheesecake. Because you can. So there.I have yet to try the other buffets on the list but I heard that the Planet Hollywood one is superb. Either way, the great thing about buffets is that there will most likely be food that you like. Remember, a buffet is not for eating as much as you can; it's to give you a variety of foods to choose from. Don't like the food you chose? pick another! wish you had more? go get some more!Oh, and the wristbands are waterproof in case you were wondering so don't go showering with your arm hanging outside your tub in the hotel.
5	In 24 hours...You are committed to getting your dinner, midnight snack, breakfast, lunch, afternoon snack, pre-dinner and dinner again.  Well, that was my original plan when I first heard about this deal but here's what really happened...8:11pm dinner - Caesars Palace's Bacchanal Buffet.  This is the hottest spot in town for buffets right now.  If you decide to dine here, there is a supplemental charge of $15 on top of what you already paid.  And it's for each time you decide to dine here within 24 hours. (Retail value $49.99)9:30am breakfast - Paris Le Village Buffet.  Such a darling place to dine at. (Retail value $20.99)3:30pm lunch - Flamingo Paradise Garden Buffet.  All the grannies and pappies dine here.  I believe they are locals.  But they have an amazing desert spread and the food was not too shabby. (Retail value $19.99)6:15pm dinner - Planet Hollywood The Spice Market Buffet.  We were still full from lunch but forced ourselves to sit and eat more crab and nibbled on everything else.  Since this was our last buffet stop, I made sure I enjoyed as much crab as I could squeeze into my already bloated belly. (Retail value $29.99)Did I get enough to eat?  YesDid I get my money's worth?  You bet I didWas the supplemental charge at Caesars worth it?  Yes, it wasWould I do this again?  Hell no!We planned our entire day around making it to these buffets and it added in some unnecessary stress.  I did it, I loved it, I won't be doing it again.  But for those of you who love to eat buffets, then this is seriously the best deal in town.  Go for it.Cost savings analysis!Paid $49.99 + $15 = $65Retail value $49.99 + $20.99 + $19.99 + $29.99 = $120.96-------------------------------------------------------------------------------SAVINGS!!!!  $55.96 OR$65/4 meals = $16.25 for each buffet (winning!)Just don't throw up afterwards, then you'll really get your values worth :)
5	Yes, get it.
4	It was advertised for $49.99 but they charged $15 more because of holidays! It is a good deal if you want to eat a lot but you have to wait in long lines each about one hour. We tried to avoid line by going very early, for dinner we went to Planet Hollywood at 4:15 pm, and we got in quick. For breakfast we went to Paris at 8:15 am and waited only 20 minutes. For last dinner we went back to Paris and because our ticket was going to expire at 4:15 pm, we had to get there 2:45 pm and by the time we sat down it was 4:00 pm. The two buffets both had some very good stuff, the kababs at Planet Hollywood is excellent and cooked. Loved many foods at La Village too.I think everyone should do this at least once and no more. Too stressful, rushing here and there, parking is hectic and you will be not sure if you can get the last meal or not.
5	Great deal! We purchased it on our first night, and ate dinner, breakfast (into lunch), and dinner, so 3 meals for $45 is pretty good in Vegas. And the available buffet choices are pretty good too. Definitely worth it if you're planning on going to the buffets while you're there.
3	The fri-sunday price is $54.99 with total reward ... beware! And usually lines are too long especially for ceasars and paris so you may have to buy express pass (15~20$) or you can wait 3 hours if you want to waste your time waiting in line in vegas. So with the express pass and all waiting time, I would not recommend buffet of buffet especially during weekends. One more thing! No more stone crab in ceasars!
4	I went to Vegas on 23rd and we two got the buffet passes on 24th. Except Bacchannl, everything was pretty good and I would probably give it a five star! We didn't want to rush for buffets so that we just stayed in different buffets longer and had more food. We ended up having 4 buffets. Overall, we felt satisfied for our stomach.Our stops:1) Bacchanal (without eating... see above)2) Flavors at Harrah's3) Paradise Garden at Flamingo4) Le Village at Paris5) Spice Market at Planet HollywoodAt 12noon, we arrived at Caesars and were ready for the long long long queue. We saw the express line and was about to pay 20 bucks more to skip the line. HOWEVER, they told us there was a 2 hour limits for holiday.... Seriously?!? Even Wynn didn't do it... How come you can limit your guest for 2 hours for buffet! AND MOST IMPORTANTLY, they will not be included in the Buffet of Buffets pass because of holiday. Didn't even mention it on website or line..... So if you want to skip the line and eat there, it costs 80 bucks per person.... NO WAY! 0 Stars for Bacchannl!Flavors at Harrah's: 3.5We arrived there at 2:30 for lunch. After having a mess in Bacchannl, I was just craving for food! Thinking that there was no pass in holiday, I still wanted to have buffet. When I arrived the counter, they told us that the buffet passes were still on and only Bacchanal was excluded! YAYYYYYY. We then paid $107 for 2 people including tips and tax. The options for food were a bit limited but they did have a good selection of desserts. For only 30 mins of waiting, I will give it a 3.5 stars. Recommend it for a quick late lunch/dinner.Paradise Garden at Flamingo: 3.5Arrived around 5:30 after Flavors. The atmosphere was a lot better than Flavors. And they DID have make-to-order crepes and chocolate fountain here! Other than these, the selections of food was pretty similar to Flavors. The queue was also pretty short which only took us about 15 mins to go in. The queue was still short when we came out at 7:30pm. Overall, I will also give it a 3.5 stars.Le Village at Paris: 5 (Must-go breakfast)We LOVED it! The atmosphere and surrounding environment were awesome. Food selections were a lot more than Flavors and Paradise. We didn't expect that much after going to Flavors and Paradise. We will DEFINITELY come again in the future. We came here at 8 and there was a 15 mins wait... when we came out at 9:45am, there was around 45mins -1 hour wait! So come early and get prepared for a big, satisfying meal! Make-to-order crepes again :] Just go and you will love it!Spice Market at Planet Hollywood: 4.5Our last stop for BoB at 11:45am. Queue was not too long since it was not yet lunch-time. Crab legs were cut off so they made it easier for you. AND they did have Oysters which we couldn't find in any others buffets including Wynn! They also had cotton candy as well. Food selections were not so bad: they have Mexican, Asian, Soup, Mediterranean, Mid-eastern, salad, seafood......TIPS:1) Eat at embarrassing time (7:30, 11:30, 2pm, 5:30pm, 8pm): in this way, you don't waste your time in queue2) Take a look at the map and plan ahead: you don't want to waste your time on walking around... try to have two meal in surrounding areas3) Dont eat like the end of the world for EVERY buffets: you think it's worth it... but if you get the buffet passes.. you still have many buffets to go!! So just eat something really good or you really want :]4) Remember to TIP your waiters or waitresses.
4	Listen to the people who say this is worth every penny... but it's only worth every penny if you like the food!Fortunately, I did. Unfortunately, we went during Christmas when Bacchanal (at Caesar's Palace) did not accept these because lines were 4 hours long. So couldn't eat there.But I did consume food at the following buffets: Paris, Rio, Flamingo, Planet Hollywood.Breakfast in Paris (Le Village): Made to order crepes, omelette station, and biscuits and gravyLunch at Rio (Carnival World): Everything. Mongolian-style grill in Asian section.Dinner at Planet Hollywood (Spice Market): Waited here the longest and was the most disappointed.Breakfast at Flamingo (Paradise Garden): Crisp waffles in the shape of playing card suitsTIP: Go to the buffets at odd times. We ate breakfast both days around 7:30 am and got right in. Lunch was at 11:30 and dinner was at 4:30. We spent a good chunk of the day just eating and getting to the buffets. I wouldn't recommend this if you plan your schedule down to the minute and don't give much time for food.
5	This is a great deal. For the simple fact that we ate a restaurant in Vegas where a cheeseburger was $15 you can see that it is going to be pricey to dine out here no matter which way you do it (unless you grab fast food or a slice of pizza). So you pay $54.99 on the spot or I believe $47.99 if you buy the buffet of buffet when you book your hotel, but either way you are saving a ton of money. If you do what we did and just buy the pass for dinner one night then you have 24 hours to eat as many times as you want so we were able to get 4 meals out of it (breakfast, lunch, and 2 dinners). You get a wrist band which is kind of annoying because you have to wear it for 24 hours but it's definitely worth it. Just avoid the typical meal times or else you will be waiting in the lines forever. We did breakfast around 10, lunch around 2:30 and dinner around 8 and did not have to wait but a few minutes in a very short line (shorter than I have waited to be seated at some restaurants back home). With the buffet of buffet you can eat at 6 different buffets (Harrah's, Planet Hollywood's, Flamingo's,  Imperial Palace's, Rio's, and Paris Las Vegas' buffets) for the price you paid and if you want to eat at  the Bacchanal Buffet at Caesar's Palace you pay $15 more. We chose to stay at the Spice Market Buffet because it was convenient and we liked it so much for all of our meals but next time I'd be willing to try others.
5	Amazing deal. Sign up for the total rewards club(free) and get $3 off! Not all the buffets are created equal though! Which is fine because you don't have to eat at those if you don't want too! My favorite is the Le Village at Paris! I walk out of there so satisfied! I highly recommend trying this! You couldn't eat 3 times in Vegas for $50.
1	Waste of money. Cold food. Stink in the air.
4	Whose idea was this to sell this card???  It was too tempting not to get it!!! :(   We originally wanted to try Bacchanal buffet at Caesars palace, but we realized that the buffet itself cost $55 (weekend rate), while the buffet of buffets card was like $50 something as well.. (well, we needed to add $15 per person for visiting Bacchanal buffet), but we figured it was still a good deal considering we could still go to other buffets the next day...  so we bought the card...first night: Bacchanal buffet (very good)!second day brunch: Paris le village (a bit disappointed).second day dinner: Spice market buffet (decent). If you are a huge fan of buffets, then this card is something you should get!!!  but seriously, by the third buffet, all i got was one plate and some fruits...  still not bad, i guess...
4	I finally manned up and attempted the Buffet of Buffets.  Well, not entirely though.  I had a little bit of misunderstanding on how the pricing worked with the higher end buffets that are offered as an upgrade (Bacchanal Buffet at Caesars Palace and Village Seafood Buffet at Rio).So here's how it goes for Total Rewards members like me:  for $47.99 you get 24 hour access to The Carnival World Buffet at Rio, Le Village Buffet at Paris, Spice Market Buffet at Planet Hollywood, The Paradise Garden Buffet at Flamingo, Flavors Buffet at Harrah's, and The Emperor's Buffet at The Quad Resort (formerly Imperial Palace).  Here's the part that I misunderstood, you also get access to Bacchanal Buffet and Village Seafood Buffet for an upgrade of $15 PER VISIT.  The PER VISIT part is the where I got things mixed up as I thought it was a one time upgrade fee only.  With that in mind, and the fact that I had only intended to use the BoB strictly for Bacchanal since it was new and I wanted to try it for 24 hours, I ended up spending more than I expected out of this.  But that's completely my fault for not reading the fine print. I'll get into details with how my sessions at Bacchanal went in a separate review.  However after going though two buffet meals, I remembered why I stopped doing buffets as I realized that I can't stuff myself silly like I did during my college years.  So even though I still had time for breakfast the next morning, I didn't have the appetite for it and just omitted it.  I was in major food exhaustion.  LOLFor what it's worth, I still think the Buffet of Buffets is a great deal if you know how to plan ahead:  knowing breakfast, lunch, and dinner times, knowing locations of buffets, and also going with the idea that since you've got 24 hour access there is no need to stuff yourself silly.  Good planning of all those factors can help you get the most out of your 24 hour pass.
5	This is (atleast was until prices skyrocked) a great deal where you can get in your dinner, late night dinner, breakfast, and lunch for the deal of 1 of the buffets. The Spice Market buffet at planet Hollywood is the one i liked the most and there was never any que so you could even walk in just for a drink and icecream!,
4	say whaaaaaa 50 bucks for unlimited buffets at 7 different buffets in Las Vegas???? Why did I not know about this earlier!!!! My Boothing and I went to vegas for the hell of it. And we were tryna figure out what we should eat... I told him I didnt really want to go to a buffet every meal because its like 40+(tax and tip) to eat a meal.... CRAZYYYY. lol. and he gave me that look like uhhhhhhhhhh HELLO. he said "what are u talking about, just do that wristband thing where u have 24 hours to eat at the paris buffet." I was like say WHATTTTT. lol. so i googled it, partially because I didnt believe him. lol. and came to the buffet of buffets site. 47.99 plus tax for a 24 hour access pass to 7 buffets! ohhhhh snaps, its going down! so we ran over to paris and got our Total Rewards card (cause u gotta make the best deal ever BETTER). I think we recieved 5 dollars off the pass. Then we were off. I think we got our monies worth. We went to the buffet 3 times! hehehe. and I didnt have to overstuff myself to get my monies worth, hehehe. We only went to Paris(2 times) and Rio (long ass lines for no reason, seperate review for this) since according to my fellow Yelpers, those were the ones that were worth trying. Didn't go to the Ceasars one cause I didnt feel like paying 15 more since we're on a tight budget. . I was very very very happy with my purchase. Thank you BF for telling me about this...hehehe. now theres ANOTHER reason for me to go to vegas.. woot woot!!!  =]
4	Me & hubby Went to Vegas to celebrate our 10th wedding Anniversary & they were promoting unlimited access to buffet to 6 restaurants for $49.99 in 24 hours, could we do it? Let's give it a try, then the marathon begins...1.. Dinner @ Paris Le Village -mesmerizing ambiance, exquisite high-end food, top-notch customer service. Rank #12. Late dinner @ Planet Hollywood Spice market- only one open late, a little disappointed with food-not fresh, employees were ready to go home, tv like any other regular buffets,was expecting more considering it's PH next to Chef Ramsay's restaurant. Great 1 Mile Shopping though. Rank #53. Breakfast @ Flamingo Paradise buffet - amazing view of Flamingos Garden while you eat, good selection of food, customer service was good. Rank #34. Lunch @ Quad Emperor's buffet - others were saying a waste of time, they were not kidding, we had to walk out, no Chinese food, not much food & they're only open 11-2, they should just keep it closed, but wanted to check it out for ourselves. Nice employees though. Rank #65. Lunch @ Harrah's Flavors - saved us from the bad lunch experience, good food but typical buffet. Rank # 46. Dinner @ Rio World Carnival - saving the best for last. Came in a little late with the only one with a line, passes expired, lady at the count gave a little attitude but manager was the best & let us in. This was truly World selection, too many delicious food and gelato dessert. Rank #2We did it!!! Absolutely worth it.
4	We really debated whether this would be a good investment.... But after reading other reviewer tips we decided to commit. What you need to do us accept that you are going to be fairly focused on food for 24 hours... As we were going to be in town for 5 days, this worked for us! Choose your buffets Carefully... Based on good reviews... We went to and recommend Bacchanal (Caesars), Carnival World (Rio), Le Market (Paris), Spice Market (Planet Hollywood) .... ALL VERY GOOD! One negative I have to mention and it's a big one.... If you opt to go to Bacchanal it's an additional $25 on top the $49.99..... BUT  it is the best buffet in town AND if you cost the $75 out over 2 dinners, breakfast and lunch ... That's $18.75 per meal... If you can commit to 4 meals...Not bad!
4	Odd, with all the super fancy highly rated buffets around Vegas, I found this one to be one of my favorites.  The price is cheap and the food quality is good.  This place wont blow you away with fancy selections like Kobe beef etc but what they do, they do well.  I especially love the soft serve custard, no not ice cream or yogurt, custard.
4	for $65 (weekend) per person, you get to eat at any one of the participating buffetsFriday 8pm: Planet Hollywood: This was my 2nd fave buffet only because I'm a breakfast person (see Paris). They had a huge decent sized buffet. The crab legs were pre cut yay!!! They had a great selection and the prime rib was tender and delicious! This place also had indian cuisine. (15 min wait in line). The buffet is located downstairs from the main casino floor. Sat 10am: Paris: Heaven. Definitely my favorite buffet. Im a potatoes kinda girl so I was very, very happy with the different selections of hash browns, fingerlings, etc.. So while I was eating my breakfast they were in process of switching to brunch. They had bacon, different egg dishes, different kinds of sausage, quiche, and more. This was my fave buffet and yes i'd come around this time again so I could get the variety of foods. (The wait was apprx 20 min). I loved the decor. It looks like we're sitting outside, but really inside. Really, really, cool. The buffet is located in the back of the casino if you're coming in from the strip.Sat 2pm: Harrahs: yuk, no line at all. That was the sign and I didn't listen to myself. Don't waste your time. This is your Hometown Buffet under a different name. Really weird thing is that for dessert, it sits behind a refrigerator case, so you have to wait for an employee to be available to give you the dessert. This is a fail. The buffet is located right inside the casino as you walk in from the strip.Sat 7pm: Rio: this buffet is 3rd fave. This buffet goes on forever. It has the most selection. When I saw that the crab legs were not pre cut I was going to leave and try to make it back to Planet Hollywood, but they had a pho soup station and pad thai. So it was good and I was happy again. There's a lot of food from around the world to choose from. If you're driving, try to park in front of the hotel in the self parking that's west of the entrance. The door to the buffet is right there. It's nearby where the shuttle drops you off. If you love to eat then yes, this is the thing to do. Totally worth the money. Kinda stressful trying to manage your "buffet schedule" but so fun!
4	I would have to agree with a few of the other reviews on here but i'm going to go into all the crazy details like they have. This place is above average and much better then other buffet place I have gone to both in Vegas and in other cities in the U.S. The food was fresh and the quality was pretty good. I find it amazing how there is such a broad spectrum in difference between them all. From Awful to great. This one sits much closer to great btw. Try them out whenever your in town and see for yourself.
3	Contrary to other Vegas experiences where I'm usually dead to the world until 1pm, I was up and ready to go one morning at 8am.  My travel companions, however, were not.  After sending out texts and getting no responses, the bf and I headed to the buffet 'cuz we were both starving.  Luckily, we got in line just in time because, before we knew it, there were about 20 people behind us.  The credit card machine was apparently down and the employees had to write down the credit card numbers by hand.  I don't know how safe or secure that whole process was, but there were no fraudlent charges made afterwards, so that's good.  Our waitress was a doll, albiet overworked. She was rushing around from table to table, trying to keep everyone happy.  The food selection was pretty good with the breakfast stables (eggs, bacon, bagels, pancakes, fruit, french toast), but I really liked that they had some other "ethnic" favorites - dumplings, rice, congee, chorizo and eggs.  Those items were really the highlight of my meal because I was looking to change it up.  Granted, those items were probably the same items they served the night before at dinner, but whatever, I enjoyed it.Check to see if they're running a 4sq check-in special before you head to the buffet.  You might need to stop in at the front desk to pick up a voucher, but it's really worth it.
3	This is all about the food, some good some not so good. My fav among them all is Le Village, their breakfast, lunch and dinner really ROCK. The runner up is the Spice Market for their lamb kabob, the rest of the fare is just average. Of note...what is up with the wrist band? Do you really have to advertise your BADGE of GLUTTONY at the pool? A bit of advice sign up the gambler's card and save a few bucks and the advertisement that you LOVE to eat, its a bit classier like us Yelpers.
5	One of the best  buffets I have ever been to. After a long night playing black jack and drinking me and my friends were extremely hungry. That was right place. Food was delicious.
4	24 hours of Gluttony!!  We figured....we're not on a diet so let's go for it!!!  It costed $49.99 each for the pass, and we normally spend more than that in 24 hours on meals when we're in Vegas.The choices are the buffets at Caesars Palace, Harrah's, Flamingo, Rio, Planet Hollywood, Imperial Palace, and Paris.  We were able to eat at 3 of them.  Planet Hollywood's Spice Market was our first stop for an early lunch.  The food was very good!  Our second stop was at Rio's Carnival World buffet which has always been one of my favorite buffet stops in Vegas.  It still tasted good.  Our last stop before the pass expired was at Caesar Palace's buffet the next day.  It was yummy as well.Was the Buffet of Buffets worth the price?  Yes, it was.  We would have spent more if we had gone to each place individually.  I must say though, that by the time we ate at the last stop, I was not really hungry anymore.  It was pure gluttony!!  I don't think we'll ever do that again!
3	best of them is at the RIOs buffet ... the worst is planet hollywood buffet which we found very salty
3	I be honest I just don't think I like buffets.  My wife and I got the pass and went to breakfast at both the rio and paris and dinner at bacchanal in Caesars.  first of all they make you wear a wristband unless you get the casino rewards card which was very annoying.  Every line was 45min long and once inside they were basically like a old country buffet.  The meats were usually good but all seafood was cold except at bacchanal where you could asked for it warmed but they is was just barely.  The crab was a mix of snow and golden king crab.  The crab was small of both species and was very watery.  The oysters at bacchanal were touted as blue points but when asked I was told they were blue points from the james river MD.  This is not possible.  I have no problem with james river oysters but don't tell me they are blue points.  The sides were ok and the variety excellent.  if you want great variety, tons of food,  and don't mind a little wait then it is good but don't expect anything to blow you away. BTW the service always seemed attentive.
4	It's obscene... over the top... crazy... and totally Vegas... 24 hours of self indulgent behavior that you would never even think of doing unless you type in Yelp and ask a simple question..."Best Breakfast Buffet?"... that's what I did yesterday out of curiosity, even though we were just going to go to my favorite cheap but good spot... Green Valley breakfast buffet for 6.99... best deal in town... until you spot "Buffet Buffet"... whaaaat?  It lists Caesars Palace (my favorite of all favorite buffet places), Planet Hollywood (my favorite place until Caesars and Cosmo came along), Paris, Rio, and others I knew I wouldn't go to... so long Green Valley... hello Caesars...what they don't tell you until you get there is for Caesars it's extra...for breakfast, lunch, and dinner... so we had to pay an extra $15 for breakfast a piece... so $50 plus $15... $65 for breakfast that cost $26... in order to break even I will need to go to other hotels that don't charge anymore... that would be Planet Hollywood (PH), Paris, and Rio... Let's do this... well... the buffet at Caesars is over the top great... 5 stars for quality, presentation, and selections (smoked meat from it's smoker, fresh carrot, and watermelon juice in carafes, great individual dishes at all the stations too many to mention... since we paid extra, we stayed for breakfast and lunch.. next stop Paris... the crepes were pretty good, but after going to Caesars it was a definite step down... 5 stars to 3 stars in quality, service, and creativity... we only stayed for 20 minutes and left... my wife and sister in law went shopping while I walked next door to PH to see what things I might have missed... by now I was pretty much done... stuffed... so I picked a few things both savory and sweet... the desserts were mostly cupcakes and kind of dried out cupcakes... I was disappointed in the quality, service, and creativity... no chocolate covered strawberries like I remembered a while back... and after Caesars... it was better than Paris, but I still have to give it 3.5 stars... a distant second place... my final stop was Rio the next morning... I was not expecting much but I was surprised at the variety and the number of stations available to choose from... the quality was much like PH but the desserts and variety was much better... and it had sorbet and gelato, much like Caesars... and for lunch, Mongolian bbq and four types of asian style noodles you could choose from, such as Udon, Pho, skinny noodles Hong Kong style... overall 3.5 stars... Was the price worth it?  Would I do it again?  Right now I would have to say "No" only because I now know where I would spend my money... and that's Caesars buffet... but if not for Buffet Buffet I still would have wondered... unfortunately I did not get to compare the Wicked Spoon at the Cosmopolitan with Caesars Palace... but I can honestly say my number one pick is Caesars Palace Buffet, then the Cosmopolitan buffet and Rio far behind at third...I will stick to Green Valley for the value breakfast buffet in Henderson and save my money for other obscene experiences... like... gambling?  Nah... time for a good steak... hmmmmmmm... what's Yelp say about the best steak in Las Vegas?
4	I tried it because it sounds fun. Overall the experience was good, but I won't do it again. I don't have the disciplice of reigning myself from overeating. So much good foods and I cannot heklp myself staying away from them.Choosing the right buffets may be the key for the success. Le Village buffet at Paris was not very pleasant experience. But I liked the Flavor at Harrah's and I loved the World Carnival buffet at Rio. In fact, I visited there twice. By the time I visited the Rio for the second time, I am so full that I could eat anymore. I decided not to spend extra money for the seafood buffet, which I liked to revisit after 15+ years.One thing to keep in mind is that the buffet deal is for the member of the Total Rewards. Make sure you enroll the membership before you get in the line. I did that in Caesar's Palace and after I have to back out after more than 30 minutes of waiting because the total cost to eat at the Bacchanal Buffet is $85 for a non-member compare to $65 for a member.
5	This buffet is NOT for everyone.People who dines here must appreciate quality and overall value.  The foods prepared at this establishment are cooked to perfection and the waiting staff provided special attention to your every need.  At $62 per person (Memorial Day weekend), one must consider carefully before pulling the trigger.The Wynn's buffet has been tops, but they now have a true rival.  May the two of these buffet battle it out for top honors.
4	Oh the ridiculousness that is the Buffet of Buffets! 24 hours of unlimited access to worship at numerous temples of gluttony! Some of the Buffets are just okay, some are down right gross. We figured that by doing this deal, that it would save us money. We could could try numerous restaurants, eat massive quantities of food and come and go as we please.What I will say is you WILL get tired of buffet food after 24 hours. By the forth meal I couldn't look at another prime rib carving station without crying on the inside. But it did save us a bit of money on the strip (thus allowing us to deposit it back on the craps tables). But it's definitely fun in a ridiculous sort of way.  Here's my breakdown of buffets, in my humble opinion. The buffet at Harrah's is gross, skip it. The Paris buffet is delicious (we ate here twice), B line it to the crepes line when you get there! The Spice Market in Planet Hollywood is middle of the road.
4	We did sign up for this 24 hour deal and were able to cover four buffets. First stop was Caesars Palace for dinner; we were charged an additional $25.00 which was a big surprise since we were told earlier that it would be $15 extra. Fresh oysters were meh, although the snow crabs and shrimp were quite good.  We had a very friendly waiter who served us drinks.  In terms of ambiance, this was probably the best buffet.  Wait was 20 minutes at 5:30 p.m.on a weekday.We went to Harrah's at 9:45 p.m.on  the same night.  They close at 10:00 p.m. So what was left was stale and and unappetizing.  However, I had one of the best shu-mai which was hidden under a bamboo basket which nobody knew was there.  Here again, the waiter was friendly and although we did not eat much, it was an okay meal.We stood in line for 30 minutes the next day for breakfast at Le Village Buffet at Paris. They serve OJ's in a large glass and a pot of coffee to accompany your meal.  Good selection of breakfast fare, but I was impressed with their fresh fruits ~ sweetest pineapples and strawberries and juicy cantaloupes and melons.We ventured to the Emperor's buffet at the Quad Resort, but found out that their buffet is for lunch only.  We also checked out Spice Market at PH and after reading the yelp reviews, we decided to go back to Le Village at Paris for dinner for our fourth buffet as time was ticking by.Again we had a very friendly waitress at Le Village and we enjoyed our last dinner buffet.Would I do this deal again?  Yes, maybe if you choose the kind of foods that you like and do not indulge in the "extras" and if you don't mind waiting in lines. Overall, due to the weekday stay, our wait was relatively short and service was excellent.
3	My husband and I bought the buffet of buffets to try out all the different buffets. Paris is the best one by far for breakfast. The others of the 6 were ok, I wasn't impressed to much. I went for crab legs, and all of the buffets minus the one at Planet Hollywood had their crablegs on ice. What the heck is up with that? I'm from the south and we like our seafood hot! the other food was alright... Somehad amazing desserts thoough!
5	I have never had a bad meal here. Good food, good service and nice ambiance. I especially liked things like the prime rib hash for breakfast. I always make a point of going at least once, any time I am in Las Vegas. I have been to 3 other LV big hotel buffets and they don't come close.
3	While it's still a decent deal if you're staying at the Ceasar's Properties, it's jumping the shark a bit. The price goes up every year, and some buffets now charge an additional fee.
4	In order to save some funds we got the wristband which allows you to eat to your hearts content as much as your stomach can hold within 24 hours at the participating buffets. Our group stuffed in three buffets and could have done a fourth but we were away from the Strip on the first evening and no one wanted to drive back, so we waited until our first am to sign up. I fully recommend staying at one of the properties that offers the buffet as it will be difficult to get up and make it on time to breakfast or before your time runs out, as my friends found out last time they were in Vegas. You most definitely need to watch out for additional charges with the premium buffets as we found out unfortunately with Bacchanal. However used to it's fullest this little wristband can save you quite a bit of change which you can piss down a hole on the casino floor. Don't forget to sign up for the member rewards card as it can knock off $10, or so we were told, from your total bill.
4	Saving! Win!  best deal in Vegas. Paris buffet for breakfast and Rio for dinner. Score!
3	good deal if you eat breakfast, lunch, and dinner in a 24hr period.  The Le Village in Paris, Carnival in Rio, and the Spice Market in Planet Hollywood are the best three places in Buffet of Buffets.
1	Don't get fooled about the special.. It only applies during the week days and non holidays...came here on July 4 holiday and charges almost doubled the advertised rate...call total reward number and they were useless...NEVER CALL AGAIN!!!
1	JULY 4TH WEEKEND it cost $79.99 plus tax for the pass, crazy
1	It wasn't worth it.  For the July 4th weekend, we paid $308 for 2 adults and one child to include lunch at Caesar's. We were only able to enjoy 1 buffet at Caesar's and 1 @ Rio Carnival. We lost $30 on the deal. How can you enjoy more than one buffet a day? By the time you get hungry - your deal has expired. We should have just purchased the buffet at Caesar's @ $54 per person or the M buffet. The other buffets with the deal are not good. Rio's carnival was bland. You would have to pay an extra charge to eat at the Caesars or Paris buffet.. We will never purchase again. Go to Caesar's and the M buffet and enjoy another meal elsewhere. Don't fall for this scam. The casinos know that most folks cannot consume more than one buffet per day.
5	With Total Reward card. $5 off. So it is $49.99 per person...1. Started from Bacchanal Buffet Dinner: $25 extra upgrade per lunch. per dinner. Will be $15/person/breakfast per breakfast.Cold and hot Crab legs are great. Mochi and gelato are really good. Oyster shooter is good. Sushi and Chinese are not that great. Very average.The liquid sweet butter nearby the cold crab legs areas is sooooo delicious. Beautiful restaurant and fancy.We went there at 8:35 PM and waited about 15 to buy the ticket, and 5 more min to get to the seat.2. Paris: BreakfastAbove average. Many eggs choices, including egg white. Pastries such as danish and croissant are available. Crepe has 7 choices3. Spice Market: Late lunchLess crowd at 3 PM. Cup cakes is their strong item. Sooooo many choice and colorful. They are having the summer seafood festival that finally brought back the quality of Spice Market. There are crab legs, shrimps, shrimp cocktails, etc.. 4. Rio Seafood: $10 extra to upgrade.Went there around 8 PM. Short line. For real seafood lovers, here is the place. Crab legs, lobsters, shrimps, prawns, oysters, sashimi, etc.. Fresh and real. Yes, they do have beef and chicken for people who don't eat that much seafood. Several choices with gelato. The waitress and waiters are very nice and help us to clean up the tables.
4	If you have no interest in dining at a regular restaurant, you're crazy hungry, and you don't mind eating dinner earlier the second day, this is really the biggest no-brainer in Vegas.Buy the buffet pass fairly late for your first night's dinner. Gorge yourself on the wonderful options. Have another buffet at breakfast. Have another at lunch. And eat a second dinner all on the same pass (as long you you do it before your 24 hours is up).You have to pay extra to do Caesar's Bacchanal, but it's still worth the upcharge. My recommendation would be Le Village at Paris as your breakfast option. It excels in the morning and is nothing special at other times. If you love seafood, the Rio's seafood buffet is a good choice for your other dinner. The lunch options are all pretty much the same. Bacchanal is not worth the upcharge for lunch when you consider that it will be your 3rd of 4 meals in a 24 hour period. You're just not going to get your money's worth there. So do a boring lunch one like Spice Market at PH.All in all, there are few better options to eat 14,000 calories in 24 hours.
4	Pretty good deal. We did not do the Quad, but all others and even paid the upgrade for Caesars. Ratings as followed:1. Caesars2. Rio3. Planet Hollywood4. Flamingo5. Paris (bad service) food good, not great
5	worthy !!
3	For $79 you can eat any buffet for 24hrs. BUT... to dine at the Caesars new buffet and the village seafood buffet you have to pay extra bucks. The buffet of buffet does not cover the wicked spoon either. It is still a good deal, because a single buffet could cost you upwards of $50 bucks anyway.
4	Did this the last time I was in Vegas.  49.99 with a TR card, plus an up charge at Bacchanal and Rio Seafood.  If you time it right you can get a 2 dinners, lunch, and breakfast.  Paris buffet is surprisingly good and is included in the base price.  The 24 hour time period starts when you first buy the pass, and you must get to the register at your last buffet before the time expires.  Lines can be long for buffets, especially on weekends.  Plan accordingly.  Bottom line: If you plan on gorging yourself at multiple buffets, this is for you!
4	Awesome idea.
5	Highly recommend this option if you can afford it! I'm writing this review based on my 2nd Vegas trip a couple years ago, and I'm sure the price has gone up, but it was amazing! We had a five day pass and got to try all the buffets except one. I had my favorite three but they were all good. The first was Planet Hollywood, which had giant crab legs and gelato, and cotton candy lollipops! Second was the Flamingo buffet, which had a chocolate fountain - need I say more. Third was Paris buffet, which had a lovely French decor, and a crepe station, which I indulged in. My favorite was a decadent strawberry and Nutella crepe! If you want to try a lot of new things, esp sweets, and not worry about meals, it's worth it! But you must have a healthy appetite to fully enjoy it too! Next time I'm in Las Vegas, I hope this is still around.
5	Best deal in Vegas if you love to eat! Nearly $60 with no rewards card but if you do it's $5 off. There are lots to choose from and 2 require you to pay an extra fee for those.I tried out the buffet in Paris, Harrahs, The Quad, Planet Hollywood and Flamingo. Paris is perfect for breakfast. Get there before 9 or else it's packed!Planet Hollywoods was very good as well. Lots of choices from Middle Eastern to Asian to Mexican.Harrahs was pretty good too. They seemed to have the best desserts in myopinion. Flamingo was so-so. Food was nothing special with the exception of the chocolate fountain. I didn't even try the food at The Quad.I didn't think it was open at the time since there were barely any people in it! Food just looks bad!!
3	We got the 24 hours pass buffet and tried the following:Rio for lunch --food aren't fresh. Don't go here.   Harrahs for breakfast --Great selection, fresh, and yummy.  Paris for Dinner --Great food, long line.  So try to go there before dinner peak hour.Planet Hollywood for Dinner --Great food, fresh crab legs. Better than Paris. Flamingo for Lunch -as bad as Rio.  Stay awayI would only go back to Planet, Paris, & Harrahs for the buffet pass deal.
4	Never would i have thought of doing this ...but my wife convinced me that it would be a decadent treat ...and a great bargain....and that it was. we enjoyed the 24 hour pass..starting with a late dinner at the paris..it was good, a huge line up till they closed it...and the next day we had lunch at planet hollywood..it was so good we had to go back for dinner...clean,  well managed, and freshly prepared.  i strongly recommend the buffet at PH. Its all about not pigging out....and not eating a taste of everything ..lol...hey its hard to get a salmon caesar  salad in vegas for less than 30 bucks..so $50. for 24 hours of  pretty much whatever  food you want is great...not something i would want to do often..but once in a blue moon why not?   enjoy
5	Very fun! Amazing to see all the food so beautifully displayed! Cannot eat this crazy amount but feast with your eyes & try new dishes! Started @ 4:30pm @ Bachannal on a Wednesday with three others, so time in line did not count against us... 7:30 am @ Paris Le Village for breakfast...BacchanalParis Le VillagePlanet Hollywood Spice Market 10:00amFlamingo Paradise Garden 11:15 amHarrahs Flavors noonRio Carnival World Buffet 2pmRio Seafood Buffet 3:30 pm Thursday when opened!Alka seltzer city!
3	A bit more expensive but still a pretty good deal on the Strip.This time around, buffets sampled:Planet Hollywood's Spice MarketCaesar's Palace's BacchanalParis' Le VillageBest of these buffets IMHO:Spice Market dinner: lamb kabobs, prime rib, crepes, soft-serve ice creamLe Village breakfast: savory and sweet crepes, cheeses, cooked cheeries, poached pears, ham, assorted yogurts and croissants; service can be good: unlimited orange juice and coffee; omelette stationBacchanal lunch/dinner: seafood bar (see review), fresh squeezed juices, dessert and ice cream station; decent spring rolls (though not authentic)The mehs:Spice Market: seafood boil, steamed crab legs, crab-stuffed sole (too salty!)Le Village: sausages and smoked fish are too salty; service can be mediocreBacchanal: prime rib, cooked mussels can still be sandy; Asian food can be hit and missWe never managed to do the 4th buffet as we had a 7 p.m. show to catch.  Including the $20/person on top of the 24 hr. pass, it came to $25/person.  The good thing is we were full-up.  The bad thing was we ate way too much salty foods!
3	My husband and I were staying at the Rio therefore we decided to try the 24 hour buffet pass. It's definitely not for everyone and I think the next trip to Vegas we would probably not do it again since we now have a better sense of what is available in Vegas. The cost for the weekend is about $70 per person with the taxes in and with the Total Rewards discount. We attempted to squeeze in 4 meals during this time period. We figured trying to squeeze in 2 dinners and 1 breakfast and 1 lunch would be the better value. In hindsight, I think it would have been better to squeeze in the 2 breakfasts instead since we would have had overnight to recover from the gluttony prior to trying to eat again. Although we narrowly made it to the last meal at 8:45pm (the dinner on the 2nd day), we could barely enjoy it since we were still full from the lunch we had around 3:30pm. With the buffets, I felt as though you could just have 2 meals a day and be full. In addition, by the end of our stay I felt almost nauseous looking at food and I don't think I could go to another buffet again for the remainder of this year. This is coming from someone who can eat and typically has a huge appetite. I think I gained about 3-4 lbs in the 3 nights I was in Vegas if that is saying anything. Sadly, we only made it to 2 buffets during our stay (the Rio and the Le Village Buffet at the Paris Hotel). Rio had more selection and had less of a line up (likely due to it being off the strip). The line up at the Rio was only about 5 minutes (during off peak hours) and the Paris buffet was about 20 minutes (during off peak hours). We passed the buffet at Caesars during the same time period and the line up was HUGE. The buffet at the Paris hotel was mostly French food. I was disappointed with the quality of the desserts at both buffets in terms of taste. The selection and presentation was good but the taste was not as good.Next time, we will try all the cute little restaurants that we saw during our tour of all the various hotels. The prices at the restaurants although not cheap seemed reasonable.
5	Yes! Yes! Yes!Definitely a great deal as far as food goes in Las Vegas.  This deal is offered by the Caesars Entertainment properties, which includes: Caesar's Palace, Flamingo, Quad, Paris, Harrahs, Rio (both buffets), and Planet Hollywood.We ended up doing this more or less by accident, but I would HIGHLY recommend this approach:Get the "weekday" price by buying the deal on Friday just before the price goes up on Friday at 11:00am.  The week day price is $49.95 per person.  On Friday at 11:00am, it goes up to $64.95 per person.  We purchased ours at 10:35am on Friday.We ended up having breakfast at Quad - big big big mistake.  That was GROSSLunch at Paris Le Village Buffet - loved it.  Food was delicious, very flavorful, setting is cute.Late dinner at Harrahs - mehBrunch with bottomless Mimosas at Paris again on Saturday after 10:00am - fantastic!!The brunch at Paris starts at 10:00am on Saturday, so with our weekday-priced buffet, we still got the Saturday morning brunch - which by itself would have been $25/person.  We happened to time it so we got there just after 10:00am, but before our buffet deal expired at 10:35am :)Unfortunately, we did not make it to the Rio buffet, which I've heard good things about.The Caesar's buffet, Bacchanal, would have been $20 extra per person and the line was long, so we decided against it.I would definitely do this again...but skip The Quad and Harrahs.
5	GLUTTONY! GLUTTONY! GLUTTONY!Best deal on the strip.Buffets that I have tried have been good.The bad- I feel tied down with this deal like I HAVE TO EAT AT THIS BUFFET OR THAT. When we first visit vegas I used to talk about the food there for days but with buffet of buffet I just don't. The food is good but its just buffet food. Have tried it twice but probably wont do it again
4	If you want to find a great deal in Vegas, buy the Buffet of Buffets.  We just came back from Caesars Palace (Bacchanal Buffet) for dinner.  The B of B's costs $49 but add $25 for Caesars Palace.  $75 sounds like a lot but now we can eat breakfast at Paris, lunch at Planet Hollywood, and dinner again at the Rio basically for free!  However, I can't see how any buffet is going to be better than Caesars.  The environment feels like you're actually in a palace, the king crabs are all cut so you don't have to break shells, the prime rib, brisket, baby backs are endless and the desserts you'll never see at a Hometown Buffet.  Make sure you get the reward card.  It's free and it only takes a minute.  This will get you $5 off, but everyone in your party should get one or else they will have to wear a tight waterproof wristband for the next 24 hrs.  People will think you just checked out of the hospital.
3	False advertising. As mentioned it's $70 or $65 with a rewards card. Which is free, but you have to give them your drivers license and email. Doesn't include rio seafood or Caesars. Planet Hollywood does free champagne and mimosas starting at 10 am for brunch. Oh and when we went to planet Hollywood for dinner they gave a free beer, which is smart so you fill up on a cheap beer instead of food. Crab legs were a little dry, but always indulge. Prime rib was raw but good. Overall I'm disappointed the price went up dramatically. $50 is only for like Sunday through Friday at 11 am. Weekends are $70! I'd dare say it's not even worth it.
5	This is a great deal! Just go to any of the buffets that are included and buy the wristband at the counter. It's cheaper if you have a players card of some sort. If you don't, don't worry it's still a good deal. I can say for sure that four of the buffets included are really good (Le Village Buffet, Paris; Carnival Buffet, Rio; Spice Market Buffet, Planet Hollywood; Bacchanal Buffet at Caesar's Palace ($25 surcharge)).
4	Not long after you arrive in Vegas.... you'll start seeing the signs. The Buffet of Buffets. Fairly epic looking on the poster. Piqued my curiosity. Then a bit later you'll see another sign or maybe something in a magazine.Decided to go for it, seemed like a lot of options and from the photos some of them looked good.There during the week, so it cost $49 with the players card which you can get free of charge, you do need to provide ID. I figured it gets you a few other things and you need to keep a wristband on for the 24 hours if you don't have the card. Two of the buffet options have an extra charge,  seafood at Rio and the Bachanal at Caesar's Palace. From other reviews the one at Caeasar's Palace sounds pretty good, but didn't make it there.Was staying at Rio, so went to the world buffet there first. It was decent. Very friendly waiters with the drinks. A lot of variety. Included prime rib, sushi, and some other things. The sushi seemed a little better there than at the other places. They had gelato in the dessert selection which I liked. Was also pretty hungry for the first buffet, so ate quite a bit. Thought about doing the seafood buffet at Rio, but ended up not doing that. The buffet at Paris seemed like it could be good.So headed there before going to a show and..... there was a huge line! Didn't really have enough time to wait in the line and make it to the show (7:00) on time, but it was open until 10:00 so we came back at about 8:45 and got in the line. Not so bad, but it was still maybe a 20 minute wait at that time.The wait seemed to indicate it would be good though, so seemed worthwhile. Once we got in, there were a number of things different than the Rio buffet. Crabs legs, freshly made crepes, antipasto, a little Mediterranean, among other things. Definitely a more European lean in a number of things. Creme Brullet was very good. Salad bar was a bit different than other places. They also had prime rib. Overall, one of my favorites.Most of the buffets (except Rio) are pretty close together - Paris, Quad, Bally's, Planet Hollywood, Flamingo Harrah's, and Caesar's Palace.The next day we figured we could go by a few of them and check them out.Had one plate at Harrah's. It was okay, not especially exciting.The location within the building of the buffets was a little different at certain places. A few were out of the way.At Paris it's on ground floor, very popular.A couple others were tucked away and that seemed to make them less visited and not quite as good.Walked by the Quad and it didn't seem too exciting, not a lot of people there.Figured going back to Paris was an option.But then went to the Flamingo. Immediately it had a nice ambiance. There were flamingos and water outside on the ground floor and even a black swan.The food was quite good. They had a freshly made quesadilla bar going (afternoon). Seems they use that for crepes at night. Had prime rib there which was also good. As well as some seafood. Tried a crawfish, which I wasn't wild about, but not sure if I usually am. Had sushi which was all right. Fresh fruit there included watermelon slices.Lots of pastries available, had a bite of one, but didn't really like it. Chocolate fondue was pretty good.Drank hot tea. Servers were friendly.Didn't end up seeing Bally's, but looked into the spice market buffet at Planet Hollywood and it seemed pretty good. Would maybe check that out another time.Overall, a good deal if you're down to eat a variety of food and like to eat. Think about your choices though since you're probably not going to make it to all of them. Also realize that a number of them are close together, so you can check them out and continue to a different one if you're not interested.
3	In a way this is really good and really bad at the same damn time.  I love to eat myself but you really have to be able to stuff food in your mouth and be ready to eat more in a few hours to really get your money worth.  I also dislike the Las Vegas logic that friday at 1pm is considered the weekend already. That was a fail for my party, we end up having to pay the higher weekend rates.  -The Good is that for the $65 or $70 flat fee you get automatic hey we can eat at all these places for 24 straight hours.  I loved the buffet inside of Planet Hollywood, we ended up there twice. That was the Spice Market Buffet. Highlights there were the cotton candy, mac and cheese and the Fish.  Also, the prime rib was straight on the money.   Great selection of food. Also the next morning, went to Paris hotel and got some late breakfast and Mimosas. All in all, not too bad considering we still ate alot of food. So that was three times using this buffet pass and it really should have been four but we decided to go work out instead of pig out.-It sucks that you still have to pay an extra $15 for the RIO all you can eat Crab legs place, RIO village Seafood Buffet.  Also,  Bacchanal is one of the buffet that you have to pay extra for  - a great 2nd choice once the buzz dies down(at least that is the rumor).
5	Sweet deal! My husband and I pigged out like 5 year olds!
5	Definitely worth it to get this if you plan on eating buffets in Vegas My favorite buffet was Le Village at Paris with Planet Hollywood's buffet coming in at 2nd I didn't have time to try all the buffets but I have been to Rio's Carnival buffet on a prior trip and wasn't that impressed...
5	Gluttony at it's best!!This is an AMAZING deal!! On a weekday, it's $50 (with total rewards card; $55 without the card) for 24 hours of food!! if you have rewards credits from gambling, you can use it to pay for your buffet! I used mine and got my gluttony pass for FREE!! On the weekend, the rate goes up... $75. the timer starts the very minute you buy it. I suggest starting at dinner like I did to get the most for your money. I probably wouldn't also do this deal on a weekend as the main thing I notice about the weekend is champagne with your meal and since I don't drink that, I do not want to pay extra for it. Anyways, the buffets included are (1) Spice Market @ Planet Hollywood, (2) Le Village buffet @ Paris, (3) Flavors @ Harrahs, (4) World Carnival @ Rio, and (5) Paradise Garden @ Flamingo. For a SURCHARGE of $10 you can eat at Village Seafood Buffet - TOTALLY worth it!!! For a SURCHARGE of $15, you can eat BREAKFAST at Bacchanal buffet @ Caesers; for a SURCHARGE of $20, you can eat LUNCH at Bacchanal buffet @ Caesers; for a SURCHARGE of $25, you can eat DINNER at Bacchanal buffet @ Caesers. If you want to eat at Caeser's, which is a VERY good buffet by the way, I suggest just eating there WITHOUT the buffet of buffets pass. I think the surcharges for Caeser's is too high, and that's probably due to how popular it is at the moment. Lunch there is $30 on a weekday and $50 for dinner... go during lunch and time it for dinner. The only difference I noticed with cold crab legs...Anyways. it IS worth it to add the Village Seafood buffet. For my 24 hours of gluttony, I ate dinner at Spice Market ($30), breakfast at Le Village ($20), and dinner again at Village Seafood Buffet ($40). I wanted to really fit in a lunch, but woke up late and ended up having a late breakfast that didn't end will about noon already... otherwise I would had gotten more for my money's worth. In the end, I spent $60 for $90 worth of buffet... and if I had woke up in time and timed my meals better, I would had even gotten more of my money's worth!I think this is a great deal for food!! Since you have the pass, go during off times to avoid lines and not waste time waiting... Next time I do this, I'm going to get in 4 meals!!! It's also nice because if you are craving a snack, you can also just stop into a buffet, grab some drinks and dessert just because!If you eat like a bird however, then this is not the deal for you!
4	Get ready to loosen your belt for this over the top guy busting experience! Great value, but you will need to go to the gym afterwards to work out all those calories.
4	Do it! You know you want to!We started our 24 hour time period with a late Thanksgiving dinner and managed to hit all 5 buffets before the time was up- Insane but true!  We had to pay the $75 holiday price, but felt the cost was totally worth it for 4 meal and a snack.  Here is my opinion on each of the buffets:1.  Spice Market (Planet Hollywood)- Waited an hour and 15 minutes on Thanksgiving night and were very underwhelmed, but that may have been because of the mad crush of people.2.  Flamingo Buffet- A surprisingly good breakfast buffet despite the cheapness of the casino its in.  Lots of made for you items, a wickedly long desert area considering it was breakfast, and a lot of really good food3.  Flavors (Harrahs)- Went for lunch and found it to be in 3rd place out of the 5.  Hot food items were ok, but has a ton of interesting desert options.4.  Paris Buffet- We went here for our midafternoon snack.  We really only intended to eat crepes.  We did take a look around and still didn't find a ton that looked interesting if we had been eating a full meal.  A little to fancy, schmancy.5.  Rio Buffet- Our favorite!  Because they are away from the strip, it felt like they had to try a little harder to get people in.  Tons and tons of great food options.All buffets have an all-you-can-drink beer and wine option for an extra $10-12 and there is no time limit.  We sat at the Rio buffet for three hours and didn't really eat very much, but drank our fill of wine and no one complained.  The only bad part- you do have to totally gorge yourself to make it worth it.  I would say you have to hit at least three buffets and eat pretty well to feel like you got your money's worth.  And you will be full for about 48 hours afterwards... so if getting drunk while in Vegas is in the plan I don't recommend it because you will be far too full for the alcohol to take effect.
3	3.5 stars rounded down!When they first introduced this program a couple years ago, it was a GREAT deal. $49 all you can eat for 24 hours right on the Strip is a STEAL.  For the most part, you would only have to eat at 2 buffets to earn your money back since most of them are in the $20-$30 range.However, fast forward to now. They made changes to the rules. So the $49 is only for weekday pricing, if you purchase it on the weekend it will charge you $65-$70. The quality of the buffets have also gone down a lot. Costs are always going up, and buffets tend to be the most cost efficient options, so casinos still have to balance out costs and quality. The Bacchanal Buffet at Caesars hands down you must try..however, you pay an extra fee to eat here per visit. It's $15 for breakfast, $20 for lunch, and $25 for dinner. It only ends up being a $10-$20 discount from it's normal prices, so that's something to consider.Besides Baccahanal, my favorite buffets are the Rio and Paris ones.  Harrahs and Flamingo are standard buffets with no standout items, and Planet Hollywood for whatever reason is just a really shitty buffet. And they got rid of the Imperial Palace (aka the Quad) buffet, which didn't matter because that buffet is worst then Hometown Buffet.The reason why I rated it down because I wouldn't eat at half of the buffets if they weren't included on the list. Many of the buffets just aren't tasty, and worth eating at.I don't see much value in the wristband anymore especially if you are staying on the weekend), i rather get in a solid meal at Bacchanal for breakfast/lunch at normal price. And enjoy light meals throughout the day (ie: Earls, Pinks, etc), I'd still come in for less then the price of a wristband and be more satisfied with the food.However, I still think it's a good deal especially if you are a big eater. An extra plus, if you are staying in any of the  Total Rewards hotels that participates in the program since you can get food and drink whenever you like. I stayed at Rio once, and literally would pop in every couple hours for a snack.  So it depends on how much you eat and what your daytime activities entail, but one thing is for sure..SIGN UP AND BRING YOUR TOTAL REWARDS CARD...if you don't have one, you don't get the $5 discount!#GLUTTONY!
4	This pass is absolutely worth it IF you know how to plan accordingly :) The best time to buy your pass is during dinner time. That way since you have only 24 hours, you can make it to two buffet dinners. My family and I usually go to the Rio Carnival buffet for dinner, Paris buffet for lunch the next day, and then the Rio Seafood buffet (an extra $10 per person, but totally worth it if you're a seafood lover like me) for our last dinner. I'm already hungry just from writing this review! LolAlso just FYI that the pass is more expensive on the weekends ($65) vs. purchasing it on a weekday.
4	Other reviewers have really covered this well.  This pass is a great deal, especially on weekdays IF YOU USE IT CORRECTLY.  If you buy the first one around 8pm you will get that dinner, then breakfast, lunch and dinner the next day.  It becomes worth it if you do all that.  If you are in an entrance line when the time expires, you are outta luck, so be sure to be inside your last buffet before the time is up.We bought ours in line at the Rio (Carnival World).  I'm not sure if you can buy it in the other lines as well, but I would assume you can.  The included buffets are adequate, especially if you include the Carnival World.  We had hoped to do Bacchanal despite the extra cost, but it would have been tight to get to our show (plus we weren't really hungry by the time our last dinner buffet had to be done).  So we didn't.  Next time maybe we'll do it first.You get a $5 discount if you are a "Total Rewards" member.  It's free to get a card at any Total Rewards desk (I know they have them at Rio, Flamingo, and Harrah's, and probably also at Paris and Planet Hollywood since they're all part of the buffet pass).  But you do have to be over 21 to get a card, so if you're bringing kids they will be full price (because they can't get a card).
4	I would probably only be able to do this once in my life because one person simply just can't eat that much food!The pass was $49.95 (With the total rewards card) starting at 11AM on Sunday. After Friday 11AM, the pass goes up in price (About an additional $20) so you want to be wary of the pricing.If you start on 11AM on Sunday, the great thing is that you can still make it to Le Village Buffet at Paris. The drawback is that you would have to wake up extra early to try and squeeze in one more meal on Monday morning.Bacchanal has the most insane surcharge. On Sundays, it's considered brunch at a certain time so +$20 for brunch and +$25 for dinner. So the listed prices aren't always correct, be prepared!Also, it's +$10 for the Rio Seafood buffet. So don't think you're getting all 6 buffets for that flat price (which would be the ultimate steal!!!)If I wasn't trying to make it for brunch at Paris, I would probably start a late dinner so that I can do Day 1-Dinner and Breakfast, Lunch, and Dinner on Day 2.No matter how you slice it, the pass wasn't a bad deal since it earned me admission to 4 different spots but should I really be eating so much?Enjoy!
4	If you're in LV, and you feel like a fat ass, and you want to save some cash, and you don't mind buffets, and you have no dining plans, then the buffet of buffets is for you. The price went up to $49.99 so now you really have to pig out (it used to be $45) and it includes 24 hours of:Caesars Palace: Lago BuffetHarrah's: Flavors BuffetImperial Palace: Emperor's BuffetParis Las Vegas: Le Village BuffetPlanet Hollywood: Spice Market BuffetFlamingo: Paradise Garden BuffetRio: Carnival World BuffetRio: Village Seafood Buffet - available for $15 more per personThe trick is to squeeze in as many meals as possible. Note: Waiting time during weekends and peak dining periods are HELL. ANDDDD it's apparently more expensive. Try this combo: Dinner, Breakfast, Lunch, Dinner.Or, if you're a night owl, try: 11am Brunch, Early Dinner (linner), Late Dinner, Breakfast (you just need to get in before the pass expires).If you squeeze in 2-3 meals, you get your money back unless you add all the surcharge for Rio's Village Seafood buffet or Bachannal.
5	Very much worth it, "if" you go at least 3 times!  You can actually get 4 meals out of it...just get in any buffet line around 8pm and once you purchase your meal pass (which is loaded on your player's card) at the cashier, you get 24 hours to use it from that moment.  So, if you purchase at 8:30pm, the pass expires at 8:30pm the following day!  You MUST go through the cashier before 8:30pm the next day...so if you are stuck in line and the meal pass expires...you are out of luck.  Stay away from the Planet Hollywood and Flamingo buffet.  Harrah's and Rio (Carnival) buffets are excellent for any meal...YOU CAN'T GO WRONG!  You can purchase your buffet pass Sunday, starting at 11am and until Thursday evening for $49.99 + tax, "if" you have a player's card (I don't see why you wouldn't have one).  You can also purchase a kid's meal pass for $49.99 and the kid's are given a wrist band around their wrist, which has a barcode attached to it (good for 24 hours).Weekend prices are $15 - $20 more!
3	although I already paid $70 for the buffet package, I still had to pay an upgrade fee of $30 for saturday dinner at Bacchanal Buffet at Caesars. I think they overcharged me.
4	This would have been a 5-star review if not for the increase in price and the recent reno of the Caesar's buffet that you have to pay an additional premium for to eat at.My girlfriends and I are Total Rewards members so we usually buy our 24hour pass with the TR card for entry.I've personally only been to the buffet in Planet Hollywood (Spice Market Buffet), Rio (Carnival), and Paris.The one in Rio I would say provides the most variety, from asian to italian to american. The gelato buffet is my FAVOURITE though - so many flavours and they're all delicious! The desserts are pretty amazing too. Planet Hollywood is our default buffet because we usually stay there and when we're hungover in the morning it's so convenient to walk downstairs right into the buffet for a hot breakfast. The Caesar's one was my favourite for breakfast before but ever since they renovated and renamed to Bacchanal it costs you an extra $10-$20 on top of your 24hour pass for breakfast/lunch/dinner respectively. I can see why because the buffet offers much more now with so many new stations added. We tried the lunch one and I would say it was justifiable to spend the extra 15$ Paris used to be better but they really downgraded the quality of their food. Still not horrible but not the best.Overall I think there is great value in this buffet program especially if you can fit in 4 meals into the 24 hr window. It works out to be like 13$ per meal and you get appies, mains, and desserts. and even soft drinks! Can't really go wrong for that price.** note the buffets are not open 24 hours so you would try and time it so that the pass will last you until two meals into the next day.
3	We go to Vegas twice a year from NE. It's usually during the week for 4 days so one of the days we get this buffet pass. We probably won't get it again in the future. I don't mind the price went up to $49 but the quality of the food has really gone down hill. We love Harrah's for breakfast and Spice Market (Planet Hollywood) for the other meals. We refuse to upgrade to Rio and Cesar's so forget those. IP or the Quad is a dump, no thanks. Flamingo's buffet is gross and never fresh. Paris has gone down hill. The only two we like are Planet Hollywood and Harrah's. It's just not worth it anymore. We end up getting 4 meals out of it, but I would rather eat 4 meals that are decent than eat 4 meals somewhere just to save money.
4	Boyfriend and I did this in our last trip to Las Vegas and it was great. It definitely helped that we didn't have to think about most of the meals. We had the Le Village Buffer (Paris) and the Spice Market.Hope it stays around for a while, would definitely do again.
5	GREATEST DEAL IN VEGAS!Try this winning combination for the ultimate gluttonous experience:10am: Breakfast at Flamingo2pm: Lunch at Paris (the off time will help you avoid their notoriously long line) 6pm: Dinner 1 at Rio10pm: Dinner 2 at Planet Hollywood (open late until 11pm on Fri and Sat, if Sun-Thurs, make it a 9:15pm dinner)9:30am: 2nd Day Breakfast at Harrah's
5	Well worth the $50. This allows you to eat a great buffets with variety without killing the bank. My favorites are Paris and Planet Hollywood. Gotta try the freshly made creeps and the boullibaise. Yum!
4	We did this on our last trip to vegas, I liked the idea of it. We started with Flavors at Harrah's for the first meal, it was ok but pretty basic for a buffet. For breakfast we went with Le Village in the Paris, that was one amazing breakfast, that meal alone was worth the $50 pass. For our third and final meal we went to the buffet at the Flamingo, it was again alright, still pretty basic buffet food.Overall for the price and the variety, the $50 pass is worth it, if you work it right you can get 4 meals out of the 24 hour pass, late dinner, breakfast, lunch  and dinner. That's what we tried to do, but breakfast was just too good and we ate too much. Just because it's buffets, doesn't mean you have to eat like it's buffets.
4	Purchased this at the Paris buffet counter for $54 and some odd cents. The lady put the wrist band on for me so I couldn't keep it loose to take off when I sleep/take pictures (it's pretty bulky). You can't cut lines with the average ticket, but it's a real wallet saver! My cousin and I tried going to all of them, but after stumbling across Flavors at Harrah's, we decided to skip it and go back to Paris for our last meal. Here was our plan of attack:8 Dinner: Le Village (waited an hour on a Wednesday) 10 Dessert: Spice Market (couldn't resist the savory stuff though!)8 AM Breakfast: Paradise Garden (took us an hour to figure out the buses to get there)1 PM Lunch: Carnival Buffet (at this point food was starting to sound unappetizing... And I'm a buffet beast) 5 PM Dinner at our favorite buffet (which will be Le Village. We want to go at 5 to not have to wait in line as long, but I'm not sure I'll be able to eat again in 2 hours!)My biggest recommendation: by your pass for a late dinner and choose a buffet as a "snack" (tea time, dessert, elevenses, whatever you wish!) so you don't overload at all of them and still feel you got to go to them all. Also, these places can't fail a breakfast, so for buffets that have poor reviews (thinking flavors and paradise), go their in the morning to get made-to-order omelets, Crepes/pastries, waffles, etc. Good luck eating, I hope you enjoy it!
2	Purchased the 24 hr buffet pass and our first stop was Harrah casino breakfast buffet.. service was below average and quality of food was okay at best.. heading down to rio buffet for dinner latet tonight and I'll update after each - buffet visit.
4	We decided to the tour of Casinos this last Sunday and do all the buffets on our route.  Wanted Paris for breakfast, so we arrived at 9:15 to purchase our 24hr buffet pass.  We were told it would be an extra $10 before 11am...so we waited. Worth the wait because Mimosas were included because it was Sunday! We also found out that to eat at the Caesar's buffets, it would be an extra $10-20 because of the seafood aspect.  Its a great way to spend the day touring and eating, but a few of the buffets close at 10 and 11pm.  This is a great deal but be wary of the extra costs.
5	What a great deal, $49 on weekdays 5 buffets within 24 hours. You come up on top after three buffets.  We squeezed 4 buffets in, and it was not hard at all. The trick is to not eat until you are 100% full and stay away from the carbs. We went to the Flamingo, Paris twice, and Planet Hollywood. Paris had the best food. Planet Hollywood was the biggest of them all.  I had a stomach ache after the first buffet, but my body adjusted to the amount of gluttony after the first buffet.  The only downside was that we had to accommodate our activities around the buffets.
5	The best one is Cesar's, Paris, Rio's, &  Plenet Hollywood...A lot of variety... We love it... Good price
5	Back in April 2014, we did this and I told myself next trip I'd do it again! Just got back recently from my trip. Buffet of Buffets includes multiple buffets located in multiple hotels. I didn't get to go to all of them considering that it's just too difficult to do so in 24 hrs and I'd probably have to schedule my whole day around visiting each buffet. I did manage to visit my favorite ones so that was okay with me, the carnival buffet in rio,village seafood buffet also located in rio, and the spice market buffet in planet Hollywood. It was definelty worth the price considering we came to visit a total of 5x within all the buffets. We did get out money's worth. Next time I got to vegas, going to the other buffets will be on my check list. A little tip: try to purchase your pass afternoon or late afternoon. That was you sneak in a lunch meal for the next day, I only  say that because we purchased our around 10am, so we were able to eat breakfast the following day at 8am, but couldn't squeeze in lunch.
4	Recommended - it's a neat way to try buffets in 7 locations for up to 24 hours.  They're not the best buffets on the strip, but then the pass is really meant to give you lots of food and selection for a low price.Some things to watch for: - Get the Total Rewards membership (it's free). - The $49 price applies during the weekdays only for Total Rewards members.  ($59 if not a member) - The $49 deal is weekday oriented, with the price being $65+ on weekends - While it's valid for 24 hours, the buffets are really only open from 7am-11pm. - Two of the buffets (at Caesar's and Rio) have an extra upcharge on top of the pass.
3	I have been buying the Buffet of Buffet pass my every Las Vegas visit (2-3 times a year) for past couple of years, so guess I have developed some experience to share here. During my first couple of visits, I have been taking it as "ROOM & BUFFET PACKAGES" which included 2 buffet passes if you stayed at one of TR hotels in Vegas. This experience was disappointing for one reason: the Total Rewards staff in different properties (and sometimes even within one property) do not have the same information about their businesses and services. So if one person tells you one thing in one place, another person in a different place can tell you directly the opposite. Let me give you an example. When I booked my room for the first time with this package I called to my hotel (Bally's) to verify that I'm getting exactly 2 Buffet of buffet passes during my 3 days stay. The lady on the phone confirmed it. I went to Vegas, and at the Check-in another lady told me that I have only one buffet pass. I said that on the web-site it clearly says that "Stay two nights or more with us and receive two complimentary Buffet of Buffets passes". She confirmed it, and said that I'm getting two passes but I must use them at once (so I was suppose to be with a friend to use them both). It was disappointing... when I went to one of the buffets, I talked to a lady at the desk, and she said, that I can use both passes at different time and I should just ignore what the other lady at the Check-in said. So during that stay I ended up using both passes for myself and everything was fine. The next time I visited Las Vegas with a friend, and she was staying at the Harrah's and I was at Bally's again. We both had the 2 complementary passes. In my case at Bally's I already knew how to act and they didn't charge me anything for using both passes at different time, but in case of my friend at Harrah's, they'd charged her extra $50 for using both two passes. So at her check-out, I had to go to her hotel and talk with their staff to convince them that she could use her passes at different time. After about 30 minutes of arguing and calling the managers, and checking the TR's web-site they got convinced that what it says on the web-site is true, and we could use both of our passes. Although each time the situation got resolved in my favor, I still was very disappointed in Total Rewards. I just don't get how can their information be so inconsistent . So, buy the pass separately!The above information and my disappointment in TR are the reasons I'm deducting 2 points out of my rating, otherwise I would give the Buffet of Buffets straight 5 stars for being the best Buffet pass in Las Vegas. Now let me give you some information about the pass itself. First of all, it's totally worth it! Withing that 24 hour period that pass works, you can have 4+ meals at any buffet, which makes each meal worth less than $13.So this 24 hour pass gives you access to 7 buffets. Two of theme will charge you some extra money (from $10 to $25) per visit. Those are Bacchanal Buffet at Caesar's Palace and the Village Seafood Buffet at Rio.The Bacchanal Buffet is a high-end Buffet, with very good food. It's not very large but there are some dishes there, that you won't see in other Buffets (eg. lamb chops). It's worth a visit. The other buffet that charges you extra is the Village Seafood Buffet at Rio. I walked  trough it, and I can't really say that they had anything that seafood sections in other buffets didn't have. So probably it doesn't worth a visit, unless you're really into a seafood.The other 5 buffets are totally free if you have the pass.The best food quality you will find at Le Village Buffet at Paris and Spice Market Buffet at Planet Hollywood. They both are about the same size, and have about the same food quality with the Le Village Buffet, probably being little ahead. I recommend visiting the Le Village Buffet in the morning, because they have fantastic crepe station there, and the entire atmosphere of that buffet will give you an excellent morning mood. Also in the evening they have complementary wine. So probably these two buffets are going to be your main targets if you have the pass. The next best food quality would be probably the Carnival World Buffet at Rio. They have very good service in here and the largest food diversity. As a matter of fact, this is the largest buffet in the World! Too bad it's pretty far from the strip.Then comes the Paradise Garden Buffet at Flamingo. The food quality is a bit lower than in all other buffets, and in general it looks and feels bit cheaper. But when you will get tired from the lines and crowd at Le Village Buffet and Spice Market Buffet, you will come here and relax. I never visited the Flavors buffet at Harah's, but assuming it's the same level or may be even lower than Paradise Garden Buffet. Take into consideration that the better is the buffet, the longer are the lines: up to 2 hours, sometimes.
4	This is a great option if you feel like pigging out on buffets. We really got our money's worth because we planned in 4 meals. We planned a late lunch late dinner and then early breakfast and earlier lunch. I thought this was a great deal but I did feel like I had to plan my schedule around it.The best buffet you have to try is the paris buffet! The desserts are so good.ps dont forget to get a free total rewards membership card to get a further discount!
1	does not worth the money.  Come on Thanksgiving.The price is much higher than 50 bucks. And there is always a line to wait for hours!! What the hell!
5	I have done the buffet of buffets every time I have gone to Vegas. It really is a good deal. For those who are more on a tight schedule, I really wouldn't recommend doing this. You really have to devote one full day of doing this to get your money's worth. The price with a totalrewards card puts your total to 49.99 without tax. Make sure you print your cards out before you get to the counter, or they will send you back to get it or charge you 54.99 and make you wear a tacky wristband. START your buffet of buffets around 4-5. This gives you time to eat a late lunch, and maybe another dinner around 9. Most of the buffets close at 10. That's already two meals. Then tomorrow morning, eat breakfast, lunch, and you can also score another dinner. That's five meals for only $50! That's really a steal. With the high prices out here, you will definitely get your money's worth. Recommendations: breakfast at Paris Hotel, dinner at spice market buffet in PH, lunch at harrahs. The Banchanal buffet and rio charge an extra fee because their buffets are really well known.
5	Got the pass at Planet Hollywood in the evening, that way wifey and I could squeeze in two dinners which ends up paying for itself... but thanks to the nice lady at the TotalRewards desk/players club, we were given the passes for free just for signing up for a TR cc with the option of cancelling it at any time and which also gives you a platinum players club upgrade for 'fast track' in the lines restaurants may have.  ymmv.wooHoO for crablegs!
