1	This shop is cute and while there are several dressing rooms you should definitely make an appointment because it's small and there were only 2 associates working the best I could tell.  The stylist that helped me with the dresses was helpful and sweet but when I asked them to write down a style number on a dress so I could get the opinion of my maid of honor and bridesmaid who were unable to come with me they were coy.  They told me that since it is a discontinued dress there was no way possible that I'd EVER find a picture of it online because the manufacturer pulls the pictures when they discontinue a model.  I let them know I understood that but that in the vast world wide web that I was certain there would be a picture of it SOMEWHERE even though it is no longer for sale by the manufacturer.  They continued to assure me that the manufacturer had ensured that every single solitary picture of this dress ever taken would NOT be anywhere on the web.  I knew I was taking my chances walking away from the beautiful dress but I don't care how great it was nothing was making me give them my money after telling me something so outlandish of that nature.I felt that they must have been so concerned that I would find the dress somewhere else for a lower price that they didn't want to give me the information about the dress lest I choose to buy it from someone other than them.  As a result I left there and went to Brilliant Bridal where I walked in with no appointment, found a perfect dress for only  $525 ($300 less than the one at Kiara's) that is gorgeous and has TONS of detail.I will say though that one wonderful thing about this shop is that you can haggle the prices.  When I told them what my budget was and asked if there was more they could do for me on that price since it was outside my budget once I did alterations they were willing to contact the owner and get a better deal by throwing in some alterations.  They have great dresses so if you can get a good deal it might be worth the lack of information they are willing to provide.
1	I came here with a friend who was shopping for a wedding dress. She had made an appointment a week prior, but we were told upon entering the store that she would not be able to try on any dresses that day, as they had all been loaded onto a moving truck for a bridal expo. When my friend reiterated to the sales attendant that she had made an appointment, the attendant checked the appointment book and confirmed that the appointment had indeed been scheduled. While she was polite to my friend, the sales attendant was overly casual and not particularly apologetic for what I would consider to be a fairly serious mistake. Additionally, she did nothing to help resolve the situation; she didn't even offer to help my friend  reschedule her appointment. This store needs to make sure that its staff is more organized and sufficiently informed in future, and improve their customer service practices.
2	I really wanted to love Kaira's - but overall, my wedding dress ended up being the biggest source of stress for my wedding along with the worst overall experience.  Long story short: Their customer service was excellent when I first tried on dresses and made the purchase.  From then on they were polite at best, sometimes friendly, but always running late and putting me on hold/asking to call me back.  I was told it'd be 3 months to get my dress but it took 6 with them saying that the initial 3 month quote was just for a delivery DATE, not actual delivery. (?!?!) I thought the dress I tried on was a "fit and flare" (tight thru the waist and hip, straight out from there) based on the way it was clamped onto me when I tried it on (it was too big). When I got it, it turned out to be a mermaid dress (tight through the hips and thighs, straight out from the knees) - which was definitely NOT the look I was going for.  I wish the girl who helped me fix it had shown me what it would look like if it fit me before I bought it.... When I got my dress, it wasn't taken in to make it the full mermaid look so it looked awful on me...she did a great job hemming it and opening the back like I asked, but it cost a fortune once the bustles were added in.  I left wishing I had almost any dress but that one.  If you'd told me it wasn't the dress I'd ordered 6 months ago but something different - I wouldn't have been surprised because it looked THAT different.When I got it home to try on for my parents (20 minutes later, literally drove from the boutique to my parents' house), the zipper broke and the hook fell apart when I put it on. After many tears, a trip to a different seamstress (who actually made it look pretty good on me despite me not wanting the mermaid look), and sleepless nights, I ended up buying an entirely different dress from a different store A WEEK before my wedding in order to shake off my negative feelings towards the dress - which I was not looking forward to taking hundreds of pictures in... The other bridal store will get a 5 star review...Kaira's gets a generous 2 stars and that's only because I didn't give them a chance to fix any of their mistakes.  I was just too disappointed, stressed, and uncomfortable with their change in customer service after things were paid for to work with them for one more second.  I didn't feel as though I could trust them to help me in any way.Moral of the story?  I should have checked their Yelp reviews BEFORE shopping there....
5	I LOVE THIS PLACE!!I have had ZERO and I mean ZERO issues!! I walk down the aisle in 18 days! And I can not WAIT!! And once I do, I will be posing my pictures on this Yelp Page. My dress is flawless!!! I just got done trying it on after my alterations, and it was perfect in EVERYWAY! I cant wait to update this post after my wedding. Oh Kairas Bridal, How do I love thee!?Let me count the ways!1.They have the most stunning dresses in the valley for the best, and most reasonable prices. 2. They seamstress works in house, I think she may even own the shop. (Don't quote me on that) And she was amazing, everything was perfection, and affordable. Sweetest lady ever. She carefully walked me and one of my Maid's through getting my dress on and off, and what needed to be done to the dress after the wedding.3. I made payments on my dress from day one. They REALLY worked with me. I am making my last payment soon. (Usually you pay in full after your second fitting but they were completely willing to work with me and pay my last payment after my second and final fitting.)4. From answering the phone, to being in the store. Any person I have talked to that worked there, has ALWAYS been friendly to me. Great customer service.5. They do not try to push you to buy anything. They are just there to help you.6.Sqeeky clean and stylish store. In and out. I feel like I could go on and on. And I just might after my wedding day. I really cant wait to share my pictures of my dress.
4	Wonderful Experience!  I had been looking for a dress for a destination wedding, and in searching found that many bridal stores did not have the selection of dresses I had hoped for. I was getting very discouraged. Kairas Bridal had a wonderful selection in price range and style. I was elated to know that I would walk out with a dress and my search would be over. Everyone was more than helpful.  At no time did I feel pressure to purchase from them.  I did find "The Dress" and can't wait for my day.   Thank you Kairas Bridal for a wonderful experience.  I will see  you again soon.
5	Lindsay was who i originally ordered my wedding gown from, i loved her customer service. I went into kairas about a handful of times after that for numerous reasons( alterations,tuxedos, and to bring in my friends for their upcoming weddings as well.)... Everyone loved my dress! I loved how helpful they were.
5	Kaira's Bridal is one of the most wonderful, helpful bridal stores I have ever been too. They did my wedding dress, all the men's tux's and all my bridesmaids dresses. I always felt like a princess every time I came into their store. I currently live out of state and am in my sisters wedding I am ordering a dress I have never even tried on and I am the Matron of Honor. I have all faith in the bridal shop and their seamstresses to make me not only feel like a million bucks but to look like it as well. As far as some of the negative comments about the store on here. Its always easy to talk about the negative before the positive. This is a wonderful shop and I am happy to say I bought my dress from Kaira's Bridal. Thank you for everything!
