3	We're one of those families trying to cut wayyyyyyyyy back on fast food. But my daughter loves Wendy's. And *sigh* I'm a fan too.Neither of us eats beef but Wendy's chicken offerings aren't bad. I usually get a grilled chicken something or other. Either the sandwich or one of the smaller wraps. Rarely, I'll get the chicken nuggets.My daughter loves the spicy nuggets. An aside: Not specific to this location but just a comment on the nuggets in general: the spicy nuggets aren't as plump as the regular nuggets. Blehhh.This location has been clean every time we've visited, which is maybe once a month as we shop the merchants in this area often.The counter people are usually friendly, especially so on our visit last night.
1	This is one of THE WORST Wendy's I've ever encountered.  And sadly IT'S the one closest to my house.The majority of the employees here (not all, but 8/10 & primarily those that work the night shift) are UNBELIEVABLY INCOMPETENT.  I realize it's a fast food job, but to not give one single S**T about your job.  UNACCEPTABLE.  Inconsistency is a major pet peeve of mine and you never know what you'll get here.  My stories of horrible service, don't-give-a-d*** attitudes, and incomplete / incorrect orders could fill 5 pages of this site so I won't torture you with that (you're welcome)!  :)Sadly we both crave Wendy's spicy chicken sandwich & find ourselves behind the wheel of the car.  Often times we will end up driving nearly four miles to the Northlake location b/c THEY seem to have their stuff together & are reliable.  We should not have to drive four miles just to ensure we'll receive decent service & correct orders when there is a location less than ONE mile away.  Ugh.  If you can, save yourself the frustration, and bypass this location altogether.  Choose another option in the area.  Heck, choose Jason's Deli.  It's just a few feet away & to be honest, you won't spend THAT much more, and it's healthier!
1	I went to this Wendy's when I was a child 20 years ago; back when there was almost nothing on Harris Blvd.  It was clean and we never had any problems with the service or product. Today however... the saying "things get better with age" seems to have skipped right over this Wendy's and it's step-brother "customer service is a foreign language" seems to have taken over.The people behind the counter seem to have no concept of professional behavior let alone common courtesies.  I understand being paid minimum wage only gets you so much but even minimum wage should be enough to buy the customers an experience that does not include listening to the the drive thru window operator and the guy making fries and their vulgar and expletive filled conversation.Bottom Line: There is a Wendy's a couple miles down the road at Northlake Mall that is newer, cleaner, and faster. It is not the best fast-food place by any stretch of the imagination but it is certainly better.
