4	So, I dug this show and I'm not a Soprano's fan.  They kinda had me at "How Ya Doin!"  When you walk into Soprano's you walk in to a strip club, they even give you stripper dollars.  It's kinda awesome at the kick off.However....the show starts and they make you watch this scene to introduce you to all the characters that are being lampooned from the show.  It pulls you out of this great surrounding and then makes you watch a play....not too cool.That being said, the actors a fun to talk to and play with.  The food was kinda awesome. So, for interactive theater, the Soprano's wasn't half bad.  Be prepared to get out of your chair alot, there's more dancing and involvement than Tony and Tina's.
4	Like others have mentioned, this is a very interactive shows that asks you, as a guest of "Tony Soprano (aka Tony Baritone)" enjoy yourself both by watching the entertaining play they put on as well as getting up and dancing.  If you're lucky (or unlucky in some cases) they will even pull you behind the stage and while still in character, ask you to become a politician on the take from Tony or possibly become a member of the familia itself.I especially enjoy that comments from the surrounding cast as they wander around and speak with you or just generally interact with the crowd.  Whether or not you know about the TV show, enough is explained or shown in the introduction and play to give you enough of a gist as to what is happening.The food is okay for some, it was a little light for me.  I am used to the Tournament of Kings game hen dinner, and this pasta was not necessarily my style.  Drinks are expensive and water does cost $3.00 a bottle, so nothing is free.  The value of the show is well worth it if you do like the Soprano's or interactive theater, but if you just want to sit back and watch a show, I would not recommend this "Last Supper."
2	This show was entertaining, but maybe I was missing out because I'm not a big fan of the show.  I did learn later about some of the actors being out sick, so that could have contributed to it, but in general I think maybe this type of show just isn't my sort of thing.  I did get up and dance once, but wasn't really excited about doing it over and over again.  The story was kind of "eh" though some of the performers have terrific singing voices.As a side note, the venue was kind of hard to find, and in fact two different groups of people within my party got the same bad directions from different Riviera employees!  They all sent us to the box office, where someone was stationed telling people that they were in the wrong place, and how to get to the show.  It wasn't a huge problem, just a little annoying.
3	It was a fun, interactive time.  If you aren't into being a part of the show, this may not be for you.  I, on the other hand, enjoyed my dances with Paulie Walnuts and Uncle Jr.  Also, my enjoyment was enhanced since I was also a fan of the series.  If you aren't a fan of this HBO show, then don't bother. I would suggest getting tickets through Tix 4 Tonight, as they are about half price.  Was the show worth $75?  Umm, no.  So, I'm glad I only paid $40.Oh, yes.  And they say words like "fuck", "cocksucker", and "shit" a lot.  If you are offended by this kind of language, then this show is not for you.  Then again, if you are reading this review, then you already know me and are used to the potty talk.
4	The Sopranos last supper was a great show. It was a very interactive experience filled with laughs and dancing. The performers were great and a few looked almost like the actors on the series. The only people who could really appreciate this show are fans of the series. Also some people might consider this offensive because like the series the F-Bomb is a very frequently used phrase. Some of the actions in the show are also colorful. So this is NOT a family show. For the soprano's fan, this is worth seeing to your next visit at the Riviera in Vegas.
3	I saw this show when it was still at Krave. I enjoyed the show, the food was mediocre.Bought the tickets at Tickets for Tonight, so do some shopping around first.The cast was campy and over the top.  Got asked to dance by Junior and Janice, so they do mingle quite a bit. Not a $100 show, but maybe $40
