4	This is a local favorite for the guys at work.  The Chicken Parmesan Sandwich is truly a delightful meal, and I have yet to have any sandwich that was not anything but delicious.  Open for breakfast and lunch, it has plenty of seating for the local college students and business park employees.  It seems to have the entire Charlotte Police Dept eating there daily which is very interesting seeing that they do not sell doughnuts at all.This is not a fast food joint, but you do place the order at the counter, and they will yell your number when ready.  The line is usually to the door, but it does move fast and they do have a separate takeout/pickup line for those who choose to call ahead.It's off the beaten path, but if you have time during the week for lunch and you are near the airport, do yourself a favor and give this place a try.Plenty of parking is available, and the service is good.  If I had another hand, I would give it 3 thumbs up.NCFoodGuy
3	Not too bad.  Lots on the menu for a deli.  Atmosphere is fair and it's a bit loud in the dining room especially with a woman yelling out numbers for order pickups (extremely irritating).  Sandwiches are ok, nothing special.
3	No frills, cafeteria style diner, which totally works as they feed hundreds of near by workers. Only disappointment was having breakfast end at 10am - Everyone knows breakfast is the best meal at places like this.
4	I just started a job over here and was happy to find a little place that's right by where I'll be working.  It was a decent sized place and when we first walked in I was worried because the line was pretty long. Well, I have to say, the line is definitely from the yumminess & price of the food because they moved us through super fast. They had alot to choose from, and I tried the chicken parmesan. The cheese was just dripping off and man it was good!! I'll definitely be back to this little place.
2	If you didn't know where it was you'd miss it.  Dining area is sparse, basic tables and booths. Open deli-style.  Got the chicken parm sub as recommended by Yelpers.  Mine was a little dry but a decent sandwich.  Still not sure i would order it again.  Fries are standard crinkle-cut.  Summary: good place as alternative to nearby fast food joints but I wouldn't go out of my way to come again.
3	Good food. Good prices. Horrible coffee. The best thing on the menu is the Tuna melt on Rye.
2	Decent lunch.. Greek American. We were over at the airport center for training and there are not a lot of choices for lunch so we decided to check out this place that was within walking distance. Menu includes hot sandwiches, wraps, gyros, and salads. Pretty basic. But if you are short on time you get your food pretty quick.
