1	Remember when East Towne mall was nothing?  A big building full of emptiness, speckled with a few pathetic stores here and there?  Ten to 15 years later, and now its been completely revamped and is all dolled up with white twinkly lights, and cheesy holiday decorations.  Hell, even Santa shows up there now.  But guess what?  You can't just walk around the mall without some dipstick wanting you to try on their lotion or straighten your hair for you!!!  Isn't that exciting?  It's like being harassed by a car salesperson, only these people want to let you know how ugly you are, and how they can improve you with their shit products.  Do you want to try this wonderful lotion?  Can I straighten your hair for you?  Can I ask you a question about your skin??!  Can I ruin this trip to the mall for you by refusing to leave you alone every time you walk by?!?!  YES!!!!  It's like getting a root canal and then asking for a do over.  Because, even if you politely say no thank you, they persist, and harass, and then as you are walking away, you hear them say snide little things about you.    I hate those pushy bastards.  They ruin every, single trip to the mall.
1	Not exactly an upscale mall by a long shot.  Service is horrendous and it is crowded and messy, with a poor selection of low grade stores.
3	Oh, East Towne. You keep trying to get classy and never quite make it. Your owners funnel too much cash into your fancier big sister on the West side of town.That being said, in 2012 the mall has been making a number of changes for the better. And it has, over the years, gotten better and better. It's still just got a good way to go!
2	It's a mall. In Madison. It's exactly what you'd expect. The interior has been spruced up and there are some new stores, but West Towne still wins.  If you really need to shop, get outta town and head to Milwaukee or Chicago.
2	I am finding it extremely unappealing to shop at East Towne Mall nowadays. There are just no good stores there. I do shop at Lane Bryant when they have sales but lately, their seasonal lines have been horrible or Bath and Body Works whenever they have Areomatherapy on sale for $5. Until then, there is no point in shopping here. There are certain wings of the mall that I hardly go down because they are just crappy shops put in to fill space. Also, the food court sucks. No good eatery places here at all. Just...nothing. It's really unfortunate because Madison doesn't have much retail stores to offer and there is a ton of potential for East Town mall if someone put the investment into it and clean up the atmosphere more. Location is great, stores are not. Please, someone with money and time help East Towne Mall!
