5	Quick Review: Organic, sustainable, fresh. Really friendly people, and a nice casual setting.  Pizza Fusion has stores in 6 states (and I was also told, Saudi Arabia of all places!). I first fell in love with the concept when I lived in Kansas. (This one is next to Which Which and Zoe's)  PF is about social-responsibility, and knowing where your food comes from... using the freshest, organic ingredients (when possible).  One of the employees told me their counter tops for example,  are from reclaimed materials, and the restaurant is as "green" as possible. First step: order at the counter. (Notice a case of drinks with no HFC's, and the Boylan's soda fountain machine. No Coke here!)You can get the crust in white, multi-grain or gluten-free.  The toppings are really fresh, and it results in a non-greasy, good feeling pizza.  (No bloat-y cheese tummy after consumption.) I've been to this location twice in one week and sampled the artichoke spinach pie, eggplant mozz and BBQ chicken, along with the meatball sliders, house salad and feta walnut salad.  (Yeah, I don't mess around!)  We even got this hazelnut (Nutella-like) dessert pie with candied walnuts.  Everything was delicious...especially the BBQ chicken pizza.  I like how friendly everyone is, and how if you engage them in conversation, they'll tell you insider info on the restaurant, like what kind of cheese they use, or how the dough is made from scratch.  Looking forward to trying more items!TIP 1: The pizza is flatbread style-- so it's in an oblong shape.  TIP 2: Since it's their soft-opening week, they at last check don't have some items, like pumpkin cheesecake or the Boylan's machine up and running.  Supplier issues I was told will be fixed in the coming weeks. TIP 3: Lunch specials are about $8 for a regular personal pizza, side and drink.TIP 4: If you live in the Met, you get a discount!
3	I am very familiar with Pizza Fusion as I used to live near one of the first stores in Palm Beach Gardens ( a check of their site makes me think it is closed now) At that point they were more up market, Prius delivery, green organic etc. The store here feels much more fast food feel.. and it is  fast,  the pizza was quite good for the price. ... Crisp crust, correct topping/crust/cheese ratio, and very good quality cheese. I was surprised to see a conveyor pizza oven so promently displayed, generally that is reserved for wood fired  or at least deck ovens....Solid choice before shopping at TJ's so you don't buy the store...
4	When I saw the sign going up that read "Pizza Fusion" I was elated! I've been waiting for this place to open since then. But, I guess too much anticipation isn't always a good thing. I consider myself a purist when it comes to pizza. Mainly, striclty cheese. I just don't think it needs much else. So that's what I had for lunch at Pizza Fusion. They have a lunch special that includes a cheese pie, salad and drink for $8. Or a specialty pie, salad and drink for $11. Pretty good deal. I don't eat salad. So I had a personal cheese pie and a wonderful Boylan Ginger Ale. The personal pie and soda was almost $10. I sat outside awaiting the arrival of my pizza and the server gets to the door leading outside and SPLAT!!!!!!!!!! My pizza is on the ground. She promptly picked it up and went back inside. Came back outside, cleaned up the sauce, went back inside, came back outside and told me my pizza would be out shortly. This didn't put a bad taste in my mouth about the place. It's in a great location, nice atmosphere, and I'm just a laid back person lol. So the next one comes and, it's less than stunning. It looked like a little school pizza. My first though was "wow, I paid $10 for this?" The sauce was one note the crust was okay, the cheese was good. (When is cheese not good?) It really needed something to make it POP! (extra toppings perhaps? Nah) I was expecting a lot more. The concept is pretty cool, organic and sustainability. I'm just not quite sure where the "fusion" part comes in. I didn't go in depth into the menu, but there was nothing "fused" about it. Maybe I missed something. Overall it was a cool place to sit outside and have lunch. Just don't expect the pizza to WOW you.
4	Got the pepperoni pizza, and it was great.  Enjoyed it the next day, too.  I am looking forward to trying some of their more unique pizzas, but I wanted to get a feel for how they handled the simplest type.Manager and staff were nice. (huge part of how I rate places...)Also, feels good to eat for the betterment of the planet.....
3	Pizza as a fast food concept, with a distinctive green and organic feel?  Sounds great, but consistency needs a bit more work at this newly opened business.I've been in for lunch a number of times now and I can definitively say the service is quick and the wait is never long.  You order at the counter and then your meal is brought table side, while you help yourself to the beverage counter.  Parking is either street-side or in the Met Deck (both hazards worthy of their own review).   Assuming you get in the door, however,  the indoor and outdoor dining space is relatively clean and inviting.Pizzas come with a choice or white of multi-grain crusts.  They are all generally made in a thin crust style, however.  There are a number of pre-defined combo pizzas and you can always make you own.  Prices are generally in line with other speciality pizza joints about town.  I have found, though, that the pizza is a bit inconsistent in its finish.  Sometimes it is a bit oblong, other times it is round.  Sometimes it is flat as a board, other times it has some nice air pockets in the crust.  Sometimes the crust is a bit more charred on the edges.  These all point to signs that more experience is needed in the kitchen, as you would expect at a brand new franchise.  Aside from pizza, however, there are a number of salad options with dressings that I find very flavorful.  Dessert pie options are tempting, but just too much at the lunch hour.  I do, however, appreciate the Boylan's soda fountain.  It's fits well with the organic theme and the flavors are great.  Just know that there is no Coke and Pepsi coming from there, but the cola flavor is a nice alternative.In all, this may not be a place to impress, but it is an acceptable casual eatery option that is a bit more health conscious than most other fast food neighbors.  With quick order to table times and a good number of options to pick from on the menu, it's a fine choice.  Hopefully with time comes a bit more consistency.
3	I thought the pizza was tasty but I was the only one there and they made an error  on my order (forgot to add my topping). I went with the four cheese & sundried tomato with added mushrooms.  They did offer to re-make it but I had to be up for a very early flight the next morning and it was already 9pm. I thought the quality was good but certainly not exceptional and the size of my personal pizza was a bit underwhelming considering the price. I get that quality ingredients result in a more expensive pizza, but there are a lot of similar pizza places (Intermezzo, Crisp etc.) that offer a high quality pizza (some that are organic/gluten free too) around the same price but you get a much larger personal pizza for your buck. I will definitely have to go back and get their $8 cheese pizza special....but with parking being a bit of a pain it will have to be a weekend afternoon.
4	Organic mania!!!! From dough to veggies.We ordered veggie pizza. This is different from regular pizza chains and expensive.Toppings include caramelised onions, roasted artichoke hearts..
5	Now my fav pizza in charlotte. Fresh ingredients, great sauce, awesome service, clean place.  Definitely a must see!!
5	I'm hesitant to do 5 stars, only because it seems too good to be true, but my first visit was really lovely. From the pizza, to the price of my wine, to super nice staff (especially the owner, Leigh). We ordered a large multigrain crust pizza with bacon (duh), roasted garlic, and spinach. It tasted so very fresh, perfect amount of garlic and spinach. My 8 year old daughter (who can sometimes be finicky) told me it was her new favorite pizza. I ordered a glass of Sonoma Cutrer Chardonnay (very well priced) and Emma had an organic fancy juice, and the total for our bill was $28; a good price (in my opinion) for the quality of food and overall experience. They deliver, too, which is good to know for the times you don't want to deal with parking around the Met. I just love the entire concept behind the place, too. Good vibes, be good to the earth, good ingredients, good service. Can't wait to try more of the menu.
1	I went to Fusion Pizza to try out a new place. I love how their business and food is environmentally friendly, however I was not impressed by the food though. Quite honestly it was not good at all. I ordered the Greek Pizza and did not enjoy it. Not only that the food is grossly over priced for the amount of food that you get.
3	This place offers an array of pies, including an option for gluten-free. I think the price is reasonable for being all organic and a good size portion for a personal pie. I recommend the Farmers Market. It was flavorful, fresh and filled me up. They messed up on my order of Bruchetta pizza and forgot to add the balsamic vinegar and went overboard on the garlic along with it totally forgotten to be made which is why I'm giving them a 3-star. I would a 3.5 if I had that option. It wasn't crowded/busy and there were about 4 employees working so I didn't understand how my order was missed. Better luck next time!
4	This small franchise is pretty awesome! Plenty of variety in toppings to please the omnis and veggies. Two types of vegan cheese, vegan chick'n and a great flatbread crust. Awesome Boylans soda on tap - so novel and unusual to see out and about it sometimes makes me skip their beer selection (okay fine, just at lunch). Even though it's an order at the counter kinda place the service is really great and the owner is really vested in making sure you enjoy your meal. It's dangerous this is within walking distance to my office!
4	The prices are a little high.. But they do have a good lunch special, you get a personal pizza a side salad, and a drink for $8.  I have been here 3 times now and everything has been good! No complaints!
4	I love Pizza Fusion because it is delicious and healthy at the same time!! The restaurant is also Earth friendly which is awesome and so rare. They even have natural soda options as well as wine and beer.
4	The food was tasty, and they had Coca-Cola with real sugar in glass bottles. Service was friendly and patient as it was our first time and we ordered a lot of little things with coupons. Would return again.
4	Loved Pizza Fusion in Florida, and was so happy to see they opened in Charlotte.Great pizza, best Ive ever had and love Boylans soda. Def. do the Grilled Chicken Caesar Salad, (also best Ive had).
4	They have the best gluten free pizza in all of Charlotte! I have searched all over the city for a good, normal tasting GF pizza and this is it! It is like heaven in your mouth.  They also make lots of other great food that is gluten free and vegan. If you must eat gluten free this is your place to go. The manager and staff are friendly and great too.
4	This place has awesome atmosphere with quotes decorated the walls, fun colors and just a real good vibe.  The guy helping us was full of knowledge and took a lot of pride in the establishment and what he was serving.  I liked that!  I had the fusion veggie wrap which had bits of croutons mixed in that made it extra tasty.  My Husband had the pizza which he said was great!!  Can't wait to go back!!
2	I am completely puzzled by the amount of high-star reviews for Pizza Fusion.  I will assume that it is for the dine-in experience rather than delivery and proceed with my review. Moving on...First of all, the pizza we received looked nothing like the photos provided on Pizza Fusion's Yelp page (so no Yelp...they were not helpful).  I am writing this as the remnants of the Bruschetta Pizza and Fusion Salad still lays strewn in a disappointing, half eaten mess on the kitchen counter.  The Fusion Salad with the balsamic vinaigrette dressing was actually not too bad.  The "crostini" included was as hard as a rock and I may save it to sharpen our kitchen knives with later on this year.  Despite the very efficient online ordering system, they seem to have left off the extra Gorgonzola cheese we requested (for about $54,892.99 extra).  This misstep simply added to the very pleasant experience Pizza Fusion had in store for us once we got to the pizza.Now, I've been a pizza lover pretty much since birth.  Homemade pizza, frozen pizza, authentic Italian, Chicago Style, Brooklyn Style, and everything in between I've eaten...and most likely loved.  I even secretly partook in the $5 Little Caesar's deal during my college years.  Not to mention, I'm pretty easy to please....until I had Pizza Fusion.  I've never quite experienced a pizza that was actually "dry" before...but they managed to pull it off.  The description of the Bruschetta Pizza was ever so tempting...blend of cheeses, fresh basil, diced tomatoes, balsamic vinegar...sounded delicious.  We threw on pepperoni for a little protein and voila! We thought we nailed Perfect Pizza Monday. Good Lord in heaven were we wrong.  The "diced" tomatoes were an interesting shade of light orange, I will assume they were "gourmet".  The additional pepperoni we requested (at an additional $78,898.00) was burnt so badly we assumed they were trying to surprise us with beef jerky.  That's okay. I'm down. I like surprises.  But the combination of the beef jerky and crust that was chewier than hardened Now & Laters just created a combination our jaws could not withstand.  Thankfully my dentist is free tomorrow to pop it back into place after the imminent dislocation. The only reason I upgraded my review to 2 stars was due to the online ordering option.  I'm a sucker for that.  I can only hope the dine-in experience is better than delivery.  I must warn you, if you opt for the delivery option you will find yourself longing for the Domino's Pizza Tracker to blink excitedly across your IPad screen as Mike "carefully prepares your pizza".  Or you will just end up walking down to the Harris Teeter for a Totino's Party Pizza...either option are far better than the Playschool quality food we had this evening. Gross.
2	What are all these people raving about? After a few months of passing by this place on our weekly trips to Target, we finally decided to give it a try last weekend. We were anything but impressed.I went in with really high hopes for this place since it has so many great reviews. We ordered a large pizza for dine-in, half Farmers Market owing to the server's suggestion and the little heart next to it and half Tuscan Steak and Gorgonzola. When the pizza came, it looked like a joke. For $20, it is a really small pizza. A note to Pizza Fusion: Just because you shape the pizza oblong instead of round and cut it in squares instead of sectors doesn't mean you charge $20 for a pizza which does not even compare to the pizza at other places like Hawthorne, Pizza Peel, Wolfman or Pure Pizza. Yes, I gave you 4 options, visit one and see if you are charging the right price. So everyone says this place is different and has a neat concept. Are they referring to the oblong shape and their "clean" delivery vehicles? WTH? That's no reason for this place to be set apart. If that's all I needed, I would make my own pizza at home and shape the dough all kinds of shapes, hearts, triangles...We decided to sit outside since it was a nice day, but the small tables for two were really crammed in between two big tables as if they were just trying to stuff in tables in tiny spaces just to have a good headcount.Next, our actual pizza. Maybe they were just having a bad crust day but our pizza was really dry. The Farmers Market, zucchini substituted with caramelized garlic was alright, but there were exactly 3 pieces of garlic on the four slices. Same with the Tuscan Steak and Gorgonzola. Although it had enough pieces of steak on it, they were all crowded on two slices, with one slice having none. It all just looked like everything was put together in a hurry, and they were not even busy.I doubt we'll ever be back to this place. You can go suck it up, Pizza Fusion and whatever your "different concept" might be.
3	Well..... I've been wanting to try this place for a while now.  Went today with the fam and its in a really nice location.  Staff was friendly and helpful with the menu.  Restaurant is small inside but has seating outside as well.  I liked the decoration with inspirational quotes about taking care of our planet.  I loved the fact that this place uses all organic ingredients and local produce whenever possible.  Vegan friendly items on the menu are a plus and the fact that they provide the choice of two different vegan cheeses is a humongous plus (for those avoiding soy).  Fountain drinks (sodas) are all natural, pure cane sugar.  I don't drink soda but I was happy that my hubby and daughter could enjoy their drinks without the chemicals.Pizza was OK.  Nothing out of this world.  I was expecting more in execution and flavor.  The toppings were scarce.  I had the very vegan with added onions and I swear my personal pizza only had about 1 mushroom sliced and a few scant slices of onions.  I couldn't taste the tomato sauce.  Most of what I tasted was the crust which was just OK.  Honestly, I have made the same pizza at home and it tasted a bit better. My daughter had the classic cheese and my hubby had the sausage and 3 pepper and they were not thrilled.  I was disappointed.  I've been to 2 other similar pizza places who serve way better flavors.  I really wish this place was amazing because I prefer to eat organic.The prices are not terrible considering that you're paying for organic ingredients which are not cheap.  With that in mind, I thought prices were reasonable.  I would have given this 2 stars based on execution but because they claim to use organic I have to support that and add the extra star.I plan on visiting again and giving this place another chance.  Hopefully the flavors will improve.
3	I have been meaning to get here, so after Target I decided to check it out. Upon arrival I was the only customer, and was even when I left. The service was very slow, but I like the options available. I ordered the individual pizza with chicken and peppers and a Caesar salad. The pizza toppings were great, but the sauce was very disappointing, reminded me of Ragu. As for the salad, it was not a Caesar salad in my mind, they served the dressing on the side, which I like, but very watered down with no real Caesar flavor. Overall, OK, but I definitely have had better.
4	First time here, had bought a deal 20$ for $10 and finally used it. Friend had the small steak salad and loved it, had enough for lunch the next day. I ordered the medium margaerhita pizza and it came out flat bread style.. nice and crispy with huge chunks of yummy roasted garlic. For a medium the size was small... one person could eat alone, if sharing would need a side or salad to start... ingrediants fresh and flavors wonderful. They are a little more pricey but its because of the freshness... they do have deals for pizzas/drinks etc so you could order for a larger crowd and get a good deal.
3	I love organic things so this place is perfect. However most of the things offered are lacking flavor.  I went today with my little girl because she loves pizza.  We got a sausage and pepperoni pizza, I liked the fact that the sausage was local that impressed me. I got a half chicken Caesar salad for organic it was ok. The dressing was super weak but the rest was good. My main complaint is the sodas, I know that it's not into the regular Pepsi or coke products, or even the store brand for that matter. I had the lemon lime which should have been real close to sprite.....well it taste like medicine. It was horrible , the bad thing is that was the best of all the drinks that was offered.  I advise you to bring something to drink with you, or just ask for water (can't go wrong with that right?) all it needs is some flavor, and it will be better.
3	Pizza is not a rocket science food, so it's difficult to stand out from the crowd. Pizza Fusion is a chain that concentrates on offering organic ingredients and gluten free options. Their commitment at least according to their branding seems to extend to use being aware of their environment impact, using recycled goods, and not just token vegetarian options of vegan choices. They have lots of locally brewed beer choices also.The counter service is pretty straightforward, a runner will bring your food to you inside or out or you can call ahead and pick up your order. I've mainly alternated between their Farmer's Market or Pear & Gorgonzola pizzas as it's summer and I'm in a lighter food. They'll add meat to any option so don't be afraid to try the vegatarian or vegan options if it tempts you. Servings are a fair size I've split the medium with a friend for lunch or eaten a whole for lunch by myself when I forgot to eat breakfast.Since the ingredients are unique I'd argue one of the other strengths is actually the location. Yes, the Metropolitian has one of the most passive aggressive inducing parking garage designs in Charlotte. The upside of this is the date ideas you launch from here. Meet here for local brews & noms, then rent b-cycles bike and head to Freedom Park and back. Alternately after a long stroll on the greenway or a game of bocci crash here to refuel before heading out for the night. Is it the best pizza ever? Nope. But it it fits in what you need where you need and fills that niche well.
5	This place is a cut above the rest and not at all what you would expect from a pizza joint.  The staff is incredibly helpful and knowledgeable about the menu items and able to tailor to needs.  It's unfortunate that some have not had the same level of satisfaction but I've been there 3 times and it has yet to disappoint.
3	Gluten free pizza with lots of toppings offered.  Outdoor seating and even Gf brownie, though I wasn't a fan.  Close to the uptown area without the traffic
3	The pizza was pretty good. Better than alot I've had, but I have had better organic pizza downtown. The large is pretty small, especially for 3 ppl.
2	Food was okay. Over priced for the amount if food you get. Ordered cheesecake and was told it was frozen. Had to take it home in a to-go box to let in thaw out. Service was okay.
4	This place is so cute! I love the organic, indie, local feel it has. The pizza was very good and they had an awesome beer special. I think we only spent $20 and we had the perfect amount of pizza, tasty seasonal beers and a great time! The guy at the front was very nice and knowledgable about everything. I will definitely go again.
4	All right, so my review is a retort to the folks who have complained about minimal toppings, discolored toppings, and burnt crusts. I've been to Pizza Fusion 5 times over the past few months and all on different days of the week.  I have NEVER experienced what those folks are complaining about. I always write a review after I've been to a place many times not just one time because that's not fair. Every restaurant has a bad day and it's my belief that those folks visited on a bad day. The only negative thing I really have to say about the place is yes, the personal flatbread pizza is kind of small for  $9, but it is organic and all the produce is local when possible. You can't really get a pizza with that philosophy anywhere else in Charlotte. So that's why I justify it. Also, the staff are consistently friendly!
4	So after my initial 3 star rating, I got a message from the owner apologizing for my less than thrilled review and offered a complimentary pie the next time I visited. I took up the offer and tried the BBQ pizza with multi grain crust. OMG. Its awesome! So fresh. So good. I can't give a full 5 star rating because I do think they are a bit pricey for a large organic pizza that feeds 2 Compared to other local organic pizza shops. Nonetheless, the staff is very friendly and the manager's outreach just shows they care about our opinions. Worth at least a lunch visit.
1	Was not impressed with this place at all.  Purchased a x-large classic pepperoni pizza and the first thing I noticed when I was handed the box was that it felt like there was nothing in it, the box felt empty. When I got home and actually opened the box I noticed they were very skimpy on the pepperoni which was the only topping. As far as the taste, I've had better from the frozen section at Harris Teeter. What I find really annoying about this place is the size of the pizza in relation to the price. Their x-large is comparable to maybe a medium (if that) at other places in Charlotte but costs considerably more as my pizza with one topping came to around $23 with tax.  Not even close to being worth that price, I won't be going back, this place is a joke. I guess you're supposed to feel good about getting ripped off here because apparently by eating at this place you helped save the planet. No thanks.
5	I love Pizza Fusion! If you are looking for organic pizza, this is the place. The topping menu is extensive. All of the ingredients are fresh. No more guilt ordering pizza for the family on Friday night! My daughter is a vegan and she is obsessed with the pizza! So glad Pizza Fusion has come to Charlotte! Note to people reading other reviews: Pizza Fusion is a different kind of pizza restaurant. If you are looking for a dusty old pizzeria where you can buy a pizza for dirt cheap, this is not the place for you. If you'd like to eat clean, pesticide free, fresh pizza then look no further!
3	We had some errands to run at Target so we thought we'd give Pizza Fusion a try.  I got a Caesar salad and  we decided to get 2 individual pizzas, Tim went for the BBQ chicken and I made my own gluten free personal pizza with artichokes, mushrooms, feta and bacon.  They were pretty stingy with the bacon and feta and the sauce was super heavy and sweet, I wiped a bunch of it off.  The salad was not the best,  the dressing was lumpy and oily and was on the side,  there was maybe 2 or 3 shreds of cheese on the salad, not worth the $6 at all.  The gluten free pizza crust was decent (California Pizza Kitchen has the best in CLT), it was slightly sweet as most GF pizzas are and it didn't help that the sauce was also sweet.  It held together surprisingly well and had more dough to it than most, it wasn't a crispy flatbread.  Hours after dinner Tim said he still had the tang of the BBQ sauce on his tongue, I didn't try it but he said it was just too much vinegar for a pizza sauce.  I'm glad I found another place that makes a decent GF pizza, but at $42 for 2 personal pizzas, waters, a salad and a beer we could have gone to Brixx down the road and had a better experience and more food for the money.
5	Amazing Pizza!  This place is kid friendly and I can't wait to go back again.
3	This is the fourth time I have ordered from them for delivery. There pizza is really good and they have unique specialty pizzas. Unfortunately after three calls and two hours, they have not delivered my pizza tonight. They were apologetic and are giving  me my order for free. I hope this is a ONE time mistake!
1	This is for delivery - POOR.Online ordering - GOOD.Delivery time - GREAT for a Friday night, prime time. Confirmation said it would be 60 minutes; driver arrived in hotel lobby in 35 minutes.Execution - POOR.1. I ordered a beer. Driver said they didn't have beer, and someone should have called me. Yet the receipt she wanted me to sign still had the beer.2. In light of no beer, no follow-up call, and a bad receipt, I asked about a fork/napkin. The driver said they didn't have any. 3. My takeaway was that this place has no beer or forks/napkins for delivery orders.4. The manager calls an hour later and leaves a terse message. She needs me to call back with my credit card number so she can rerun the charge. 5. Despite the poor service and terse message, I call back. I am doing them a favor, yes? But you'd think they were doing me a favor given the tone of the conversation. 6. Apparently the driver forgot the beer or maybe they were out of what I wanted, who knows, the story changed. And the restaurant does in fact have delivery forks/napkins but the driver forgot to include them.Follow up - PENDING.The manager removed the carrot cake after I fussed about the poor service and asked to delete my tip. I'll edit this review if the credit is properly processed and the new charge is correct.
3	The disclaimer is in the name of the restaurant. This isn't the most authentic New York style pizza you've ever eaten, it's "fusion." They offer options that take combinations like pear, Gorgonzola, and candied walnuts and put them on pizza. That said, I didn't find their ready-to-order options that adventurous or novel, but they do have a "make type own" column that looked promising. I ordered the steak, Gorgonzola, peppers, and onions pizza and the sausage, peppers, onions, and chili flakes pizza. I was hungry and they were tasty, but more like flatbread than what I consider pizza. The steak version, especially tasted more like an open face steak sandwich. The one differentiating feature for Pizza Fusion is that they offer choices like organic, gluten free, vegan, and so on. So, if you're going with someone who's on a special diet, they may have options, but if you're not, it's good, but there are better pizzas to be had in Charlotte. Overall, if it was a little less pricey, I would throw it in my "visiting the Metropolitan" rotation, but at $18-29 for a large (which they call an xl), I could almost just go eat at one of the sit down restaurants around the corner. Maybe if I needed to feed 4 people, it would be more cost effective, but to me, that's just $15 of leftovers.
4	I came here with a group of about 8 friends, all to eat dinner before going to the Checkers game. We picked this place based on a recommendation from my husband who works in the Metropolitan. For those of you who are unfamiliar, you need to park in the main deck with Best Buy, Marshalls, and Trader Joes and walk outside to Charlottetowne in order to access the front door. The ordering system is similar to Jason's Deli or McCalisters, in that you order at a cash register, receive your number and your food is brought out to you. Pizza Fusion's claim to fame is their fresh ingredients, manufactured by sustainable energy, and all around just better for you food. All of their sodas are made from cane sugar. I got the personal pepperoni pizza with side salad and a drink. My husband got the same thing and we had a BOGO free coupon from the Entertainment Book. The meals came out rather quick considering our large group (around 10 minutes). The meal itself was the perfect size for 1. A personal pizza is about the size of a medium dinner plate, I think they said 6 inches. The pizza is a thin crust with a good amount of sauce and their "famous" pepperonis. Although it wasn't my favorite pizza, it was still good. The service was good, and we got to sit outside and chat.
5	SO SO SO GOOD!  I have no words to really describe besides that you must try it yourself.  Best Pizza in Charlotte, NC!  And may one of the be the best pizza I have ever had!  The organic ingredients are great, you can tell it's super fresh. They carry local NC beers on tap, and the soda machine has all drinks made with pure came sugar.  I will be here often, that's for sure!  LOVED IT!!!!!
1	I can't imagine who in the right mind would give this place more then 2 stars . I spent 30 for a steak sandwich and salad and let's just say after one bite it went straight in the trash and I stayed hungry. the steak was not even edible it was rubbery gross. I should have flushed my money down the sink instead of getting food here. if u are looking for decent food Do Not go here. I wouldn't eat it even if it was free. sooooo sad.
4	This is a great place for lunch.  The pizza was excellent and staff friendly.  I would have given 5 stars however the bathroom was  smelly and the restaurant was hot.  I will return.
1	The horrific experience that I had here a few months ago popped into my head, so I figured that I'd write a quick review. I'm happy to see that it had closed because i would NEVER have gone back.  It wasn't that the pizza was mediocre, it was that it was just plain bad.  So much so that i threw out an entire large pizza after eating just one slice.  Major disappointment.
