5	Great service provided, quick response. My carpet looks great, fresh and clean. I'll definitely use their services again. Highly recommended. Thanks specialty carpet care.
5	Very professional carpet cleaning company. They did an excellent job. My carpets look so clean! Im very happy and satisfied with the service of these two guys. I will definitely use them again. I totally recommend them! *****
5	Great service, my couch and chairs never looked or smelled so good!  Thanks Specialty Carpet Care.
5	Great work from these two guys . They are very  professional at all times and cheap. Definitely going to call them again when needed :)
5	I have a rental that I own and the tenant left my carpets trashed.  Dirty and lots of cat/dog urine.   I was going to move into the home myself but the carpets scared me and the smell was atrocious.  I support local business and I had Mauricio come in for a estimate.  He explained the process step by step.  He made sure I understood his methods and the equipment he used.  He quoted me a price and stuck to it.  He was also on time and professional.All I can say is "wow" and "thank you".  Mauricio did an amazing job and the carpets look, smell and feel brand new.  Mauricio has earned a customer for life and I will recommend him to anyone.
5	Amazing service. My carpets are fresh and clean. Mauricio explained to me the whole carpet cleaning process step by step. Great prices. Professional staff and responsible too. I highly recommend specialty carpet care. Thank u guys!!!
5	I've been a loyal customer of Mauricio's for years! I'll never use anyone else. His customer service and quality cleaning are top notch. He's cleaned my pet stained carpets and today he cleaned the filthy tile grout in my rental house. Thank you so much Mauricio, you did a great job!
5	Great company.  Low pricing for excellent results.  Extremely friendly and professional staff.  Easy and quick apppointments...they came out the very next day.  My carpet looks brand new!
5	We had an excellent experience with Mauricio and his company.  From the start, he was informative and upfront.  We needed some serious cleaning done on the travertine tile in a rental home, while we were living out-of-state.  Mauricio understood our situation and did his best to keep us updated on the status of the tile, both before and after.  He communicated frequently and provided us pictures via text and e-mail every step of the way.  We appreciated his professional expertise, friendly demeanor, and reasonable prices.  We would highly recommend his company to anyone and will likely use him again in the future.
5	My old dog had a major accident on the carpet and it was more than my home carpet cleaner could handle. I saw a review for Specialty Carpet Cleaning and gave them a call. Mauricio and his brother Carlos came the very next day. He told me to just cover the stain with a towel and he would take care of it when he got there. He explained the process he would use to clean up the stain and said it would not be a problem. He is very likeable and did a great job explaining his business. His experience came through since the dog stain is completely removed and my carpet looks fantastic. He says if the stain should happen to reappear he would come back and take care of it. I have every confidence that I won't need to call him back for this stain. I will definitely use this company again and have no problem recommending them to my friends and neighbors. Their rates were reasonable and I believe I got a lot for my money!
5	So excited to have clean carpets, tile & grout! My house smells and looks great! I am thrilled to have had Mauricio come to my home after utilizing his services consistently for client homes! I am pleased to work with someone who is honest and thorough, while offering more than reasonable pricing with excellent results!
4	My first time I used specialty carpet care was last week to clean my living room plus two bedroms and the stairs they did a very good job so I hire them again to finish the rest of  the house which was 2 more rooms and the family room . One of  things I spect is people showing  on time Mauricio was on time  and very professional . Will definitely hire him again.
5	I used Specialty carpet to clean my carpets today, they did an awesome job at an affordable price! Great customer service I would definitely use this company again! Thanks Mauricio!
5	Great company! We called a couple companies to clean our carpet in our new home and they were the most affordable! Mauricio and Carlos were very friendly and explained our carpet care very well! They were very friendly and funny too!
5	Could not have been more happy with the job done by Mauricio. He showed up on time, was thorough, and did an excellent job communicating with me about the work he was doing. My carpets look like new, and my kitchen, was has taken a beating given that I am a chef, looks even better. Thank you, Mauricio. As one of the other reviews says, you have earned a customer for life.
5	Excellent service. Kind people. My carpet was black when they came, after they left it wasnt brand new but they did lighten the color and that is understandable my carpet is not going to be brand new ever. Again. And carlos was kinda cute ;)
