4	I am not very religious but I like their liturgical music, they have a wonderful choir and organist during the main Sunday morning service. It is a very ethnically-diverse congregation which is nice to see and they are open to everybody, whether you are a regular or just a visitor, gay, straight or omnisexual, black, white or green. The building is typically Anglican, this means Engish Neo-Gothic, it is open most of  the time and there is no admission fees, so unlike the other two main houses of worship in Montreal.You can also go and use their restroom if it's an emergency and you are nearby
4	This is the place to come for worship if you are gay and not guilty. I have come a few time and it has been very inspiring, they even have a huge rainbow flag at the entrance...lovely music and lots of eye candy
4	I love Churches... especially churches that has historical, architectural and social significances!Christ Church Cathedral was built over 150 year ago and it is still well maintained and looks like "new"! If you go to their website, they have information for a self guided tour which I find it really informative and interesting... especially with the "The Development of 1987-88" which has the church put on stiles so an underground shopping complex can be build!Free admission... great if you are in the area and want to be away from the cold for awhile!
4	I popped in here with a friend while strolling around downtown Montreal. The stained glass windows were GORGEOUS!! I tried to take photos but my camera couldn't do them justice- they really have to be seen! One of my favorite details were the huge faces carved into the stone pillars supporting the church on either end. I'd never seen anything like them and i half expected them to start talking like something out of Labryrinth!We came in Sunday afternoon which provided us with tons of entertainment for the rest of the day because we got to tell people we were good girls who went to church! We were also entertained while in the church by a group of amazing singers broadcasting a live radio performance. If we didn't have somewhere to be (we weren't planning on going here, i just noticed it was open and wanted to explore!) i would have happily plunked myself down on a pew and listened to them for awhile!There was no admission, but we gladly donated money to their collection box, guilt-free! Why guilt-free you ask? They have a large rainbow flag outside, and a framed sign next to their door proudly proclaims that they are open to and accepting of everyone, no matter what their sexual orientation, background and income. In a perfect world that would be what religion is all about!!
