5	I absolutely love this store! It is the one stop shop for the Entertainer!A Dance store and Costume shop in one!This store pretty much has it all!. Costumes...Need one now? They have a wide variety of costumes, anything from the basic costume all the way to Extreme. If you dont find that one costume you like, You can have a costume custom made to your liking. They have everything from funky eyelashes, masks, paints, props, wigs to the last perfect touch accessories. The warehouse is amazing (it beats its old cramped location on sahara) You cant help to walk in and browse through the cosumes and masks. The staff is friendly and very helpful.If you're a seamstress or a tailor, they carry some funky fabrics. Thats if youre the type who would make a costume from scratch vs buying the finished product. Their fabrics are funky shiny  to anything furry and all that in between. Gotta Dance!They have all the dance shoes you need *except for jazz sneakers*, They carry a variety of dancers apparel and costumes. So if you're a Musical Theatre/Theatre/Dancer this is the place for you.
5	This place is my dreams on acid. Glitter everywhere, angel wings hanging from the ceiling, masks, makeup, pasties, tons of Halloween costumes and best of all they are the only place in Vegas that sells trashy lingerie costumes!!! I would have been so lost in this place without their staff! This place is huge and sorting thru thousands of costumes is insane. Ask them anything and they'll try to work it out.
5	A place with the name Star does live up to its name and lives up in it's Yelp star rating. Fabulous! If you can't find your costume and tired of the repetitive supply of costume kits at the seasonal costume stores or need one for an occasion (open year round), come here. Sure there are some much pricier costumes here, but quality is a notch above the usual Halloween stores. They carry some trashy lingerie costumes- I love them! Not that there aren't some good "bargains" in there- as I've seen some that good ones that aren't badly priced  and there's also some mix and match selections. Accessories are great- wall of wigs, wall of hats, jewelry, masks, prosthetics, shoes, props, etc. All very reasonable/competitive pricing to other costume stores, but better selections, and better quality. Dancewear/bodywear is also available. Buying isn't the only option since they have a catalog of rentals. They were fixing the store and their backroom was visible- Impressive, with rows of costumes to the roof. The plus is that obviously, you can walk-in and look. Other costume rental places like Show Off apparently is by appointment to try costumes. I saw that they can do custom made orders too. If you're creative- they have fabrics that are costumey and not what you normally can find at more conventional fabrics stores. Definitely this is the spot for people who want to stand out and go all out! The part of the store that made me swoon is the makeup. The makeup kits are better quality brands than the stuff you find at the usual Halloween stores. And then they went a step above and their professional makeup stock- this is the only place I've found Kryolan, Ben Nye, Mehron stuff! A extensive selection from color singles, wheels, palettes, lipsticks, makeup removers, mixing mediums and special effects, and brushes even. SO excited when I found this because I do wear some of their products for everyday looks. It's just top notch pigment and texture. The place is nice organized with signs above to direct you. The staff though is very nice and eager to help so don't hesitate to ask for help. Only thing some people might find weird is they have signs for limiting try on to 4 costumes per day. I think it's to put off those people who just like to "play". Go to Party City and overhear the convos and teen giggles,followed by flashes of photos and look at the rampage in the dressing rooms and unhappy staff to get why limitations might be good. When you're dealing in quality costumes it is reasonable to ask. I think if you're serious about locking down a costume and it's just not working out, it might be different. I looked around extensively, taking in everything. Lumping in ideas in the head and registering the makeup I must haves. Haha. I made off  this time only with a thin liner brush and a headband/wristband set which Yelparazzi Elnino and I grabbed for the next Yelp event.I will be back, probably several times.
1	I went to this joint today, in order to find a sexy plus-size costume... all they had was things that closely resembled circus tents. I asked about alterations and they pretty much laughed in my face. They completely ignored me and offered no help until I finally spoke to the owner, but all the skinny lil girls got more help than they needed.  Even, Marc the owner was completely unprofessional and offered me no options other than ridiculous costumes the compl...ete opposite of what I asked for. I have never been treated sooo poorly or left an establishment feeling so unsatisfied! I will be filing a BBB report! I would never recommend this spot to anyone. The only reason I have it 1 star was because I had to.
5	I have used star costume a few times and the students at my school have gone there as well for various costume needs.  The staff is always professional and willing to help you find what you need.  The store is clean, well maintained, and has a very, very large selection of costumes, wigs, shoes, accessories, etc.  Call ahead if you are looking for a specific item, but chances are they have it.
2	The store is average in size with a nice selection of costumes, wigs, makeup, shoes, etc... It's a bit cramped in the aisles and it's not very organized. Parking is ample and the staff... it's hit or miss. I went to this place twice on separate days. The first day the staff was super nice and friendly... the second day, not so much. Not attentive at all. A little on the pricey side... Halloweenmart and Party City are cheaper. Besides inconsistent service, they have a rule that you can only try on 4 costumes within a 24 hour period. Helllooo?? Don't you want to make money?? I'm super picky and indecisive (hence visiting this place TWICE as well as other costume stores) and I need to try on several pieces before deciding... which is why I didn't buy my costume from here. Drive to Halloweenmart! Way better!
5	This is the only supply store I go to...The people that work here are so friendly and helpful!!Over the past 4 years, they have taught me a lot about what I was buying, such as best ways to remove Spirit Gum and how to take care of a wig.I always go in with extra time to look around, as they often have new items and exciting displays. Also, on most of my stops in, I have ended up making a friend. There is always someone there browsing for props for a neat project. If there served coffee, this would be a meet up spot for all Vegas actors and performers.If you are looking for costumes, make up, shoes or accessories, stop here first!No store in town can match their levels of service and expertise for such reasonable prices.
4	If there is a party in need of a pirate, mermaid, villain, or superhero, Star is there in the speed of light. I came in search for my Halloween costume and did not find what I was looking for. Even though I had no luck, Star could not be faulted because I am a picky bastard. The large shop is broken down by genre and is clearly labeled. I was able to navigate through the aisles with ease before I was let down. Although I came out empty handed, it is nice to know that I could easily rent a costume for a day or pick from the large array of purchasable items.
1	I am a history teacher and I just called trying to find a women's costume related to the 1910-1920's, preferably something that could pass for a Suffragette costume. The woman who answered the phone argued with me, saying that there were no Suffragettes in the 1910-1920's (INCORRECT) and that those two eras were completely different. She didn't seem to know what a Suffragette was and didn't seem familiar with the era, so I said, "Okay, do you have anything in the style of Titanic?" Titanic was in 1912, so just five years before the 1917 founding of the National Woman's Party. For my purposes, CLOSE ENOUGH.The woman on the phone didn't seem interested in actually helping me find anything. Instead, she was hell bent on arguing with me about a topic that she clearly did not understand. She continued to argue and argue that suffragettes did not exist in the 1910's. This was frustrating, as I really hoped I could pick something up tonight and be done with it rather than have to order something online.
5	5 Stars all the way baby!This store is ******* Amazing to say the least! A facebook friend of mine told me about this store and I am sad to say that I have lived in Vegas for six years and never knew about it until now!We went looking for makeup and face prosthetics for our Zombie costumes. Wow the staff is incredible and super helpful and they know their stuff! An Awesome mature fellow in the stage makeup section helped me round up all I needed to do a Zombie face! He even gave me a lesson on how to apply the face scars and wounds. He took his time and explained to us the whole process of applying and removing the prosthetics, etc!This store has everything and good quality stuff, costumes, wigs, accessories, makeup, shoes, jewelry, stockings, props, decorations and costume rentals as well!Love at first site with this store!!!I can't wait to go back and check out what else they have!We got what we needed plus more and we are super happy!Thank you Star costume for the Fantastic staff you have working for your Company!We will be back soon!
5	If you're a makeup junkie like me this place is a goldmine! I recently discovered a very popular celebrity makeup artist uses Ben Nye luxury powder under the eye to help brighten and prevent eyeliner from accumulating in the bags of your eyes. Instead of ordering it online I found it here for half the price! They also carry Krylon cosmetics which are amazing in their own right. The prices are very affordable and the staff are genuinely friendly and accommodating.
5	Came here a few years ago to buy my Halloween costume. Obviously! And walked away with a peacock rental. Pretty reasonable $100. Considering that they help costume the Cirque shows and such, I expected nothing less than $300. I don't know.....it's Vegas, we love Halloween and "make pretend fantasy" type ish.This year (2012), I came back with a friend looking for vampire stuff. They were very knowledgeable about how to use the fangs and/or blood capsules. You'd figure it's easy but, it kinda complicating; especially when there's 5+ different kinds. lol
4	Excellent costume selection, including dance supplies, pro makeup, exotic wear, and traditional costumes. My only complaint is that I couldn't tell if there was a changing room, and I felt uncomfortable approaching the male staff I saw.
5	My husband and I went to most of the Halloween costumes stores in this city.  We go all out for Halloween.  Hands down this place is the best!!  From fabulous customer service to the quality of the costumes, I'd give them 6 stars!  Our new go to place.
3	Very nice selection of costumes and accessories, as well as theatrical makeup, which was the reason for my visit.  The location is a little off the beaten path, but not too hard to access.  The pricing is very reasonable, and the people are friendly.  The reason for my rating, is because I purchased an item that was priced $13.35 on the tag, but when I left and was half way home, I checked my receipt and I was charged $15.75.  It would have cost me about $2.00 in gas to request a partial refund, so I didn't bother.  There is a strict no return/refund policy as well.  Be cautious that the price on the tag is what they are charging you, otherwise, a good place to shop.
2	Poor customer service - I was at the register to pay & the guy is standing there having a conversation with someone about moving - completely ignored me so I left. Not sure I'll be returning even tho they did have a nice selection of costumes.
5	I was impressed when I walked in and asked for some blood, I was instantly taken to the makeup counters, asked "do you need fresh or more coagulated?" "How dark are you going for?" *employee opens a few different types to let me see and feel* "What do you need it for?" "Oh, well, then you would probably want this one!" - no weird look, no 'it's over there.. *points* pick what you need without any help whatsoever' - Nope, instant help, instant questions to help pick what I needed. Yes, it's a professional theater supply, not some store run by people who don't know a thing about the products, and not some Halloween shop that pops up for a 2 month span.. so I would expect their help and attention to detail like I received but I'm just saying.. it was pretty impressive. I will gladly give them 5 stars.
4	Great place to pick up theater quality make up and supplies , the costume selection is quite large , but seemed to be geared more towards the "sexy" set , ie sexy nurse , sexy cop, sexy cave girl ( you get the picture ) , I was hoping for a bit more inspiration for Halloween , but this place is more for the people that want the one stop , all in a bag sort of costume , not that it's a bad thing , just not mine !! I enjoyed walking the aisles and did pick up a couple of accessories , that I probably will change up the plasticky look of them , but I know this will probably get me in trouble , I think savers Halloween dept has more to offer by way of accessories and ideas , to make your self stand out !! I also did pick up a nice , but $$ make up kit & the ladies behind the counter are VERY knowledgeable of the make up products they sell ! Alas savers Halloween dept isn't open all year long and this place is , so if you do need a costume or make up supplies throughout the year ,  this place is for you !!
5	One of the best shopping experiences I've had in a long time. I came in on a mission and Rachel was amazing.  She asked me what my goal was with special effects makeup, what theme I was going for, and helped me select the items I needed.  She even matched my foundation (I never wear it but needed it for this costume) and she demonstrated how to apply liquid latex and gave me a tutorial on building what I was going after.  She listened to my concerns, guided me step by step, gave suggestions, knows the brands she sells very very well, and helped me find other items around the store.  I'm sure I went from.. I hope I pull this off... to this is gonna be perfect.
5	Wow! After going around to a bunch of other unnamed Halloween stores and costume shops, Star Costumes was a breath of fresh air! They had everything I needed in one stop, and I was really impressed with the variety of bagged costumes, as well as, individual pieces in their inventory. The staff was very friendly and eager to help me find everything I was looking for. I will definitely be back for any of my costume needs.
4	This place has damn near everything.  I went during halloween but I'm guessing whatever you need a costume for they have it.  The prices are actually slightly cheaper than those pop up halloween stores and they move there lines a lot more fluidly.
5	Excellent service!  Employees helped with giving me choices on different styles of mermaid costumes and I wanted to look more like Ariel!  I found the perfect fit as opposed to less quality clothing that you would find for $25 elsewhere.  I was also able to get a discount on the high quality ensemble!  There is definitely a wide range of inventory!
