3	Dairy Queen has really expanded from just Dairy products, haven't they? I mean now, they have all kinds of things to eat, drink, slurp!I remember when about 50% of the menu was some sort of swirly soft cone dairy thingee. They still have those, and they are really pushing their Blizzard product, all manner of "junk in the gunk" ice cream/shake thing. Ice cream and choclate syrup wasn't enough, so lets throw in some chocolate chips, candy pieces, sprinkles, peanut butter, whatever! Me, I am boring, Just give me a plain Vanilla, Chocolate, or if they have it, Coffee flavored soft cone, thank you!
4	Surprising as it may be, you can find nice, clean, up-beat places on the East side. This DQ happens to be one of those places. Although it is small, it makes up for that in good customer service and a very clean, tidy store.My husband and I stopped here after lunch one afternoon to share a blizzard. DQ is DQ pretty much and blizzards never really change. As long as you can turn your cup upside down and it doesn't fall out, you're pretty much guaranteed a good ice cream treat.Overall I'd return here when a craving for a blizzard or a dilly bar hit me.
1	I came in to take advantage of my Bogo blizzard coupon. When I entered, there was no one in the front, so I peeked around saw someone just sitting down in the back. I said "Excuse me" and she came to the front and told me to wait a second because she doesn't speak English. WTF? I came to get a snack before work, and this simple trip ended up taking way too much time. I'm pretty sure this is a franchised DQ, and I won't be coming back to this one. Having one employee and a supervisor that cannot communicate with customers is ridiculous. They will not get any more of my money.
5	I've been coming to this location for almost 10 years. I was very close to the previous owners and watched their 2 sons literally grow up in that store. I haven't seen them in a while and I decided to check out how their store was doing on yelp. I've been using yelp for the longest time but never created an account until now because I saw some pretty recent negative reviews, which came as a complete shock to me because I knew the owners so well. Anyways, I came in @ 9:30 pm today and noticed a line of 3 people. I didn't know they were supposed to close up already. There was a young man who I did not recognize. Despite that fact that I and 2 other people were holding the store open past their closing time, He still took my order, treated me as any other customer and I didn't even feel as if he was in a rush, I was able to get a few words in with him and I was told they recently changed owners. I guess that explains the bad reviews.  I always order a Medium Turtle Pecan Cluster Blizzard, which is to die for!!! Along with that I always get a large Orange Julius and their Iron Grilled Sandwiches. They're getting 5 starts because of their products, how quick my food was ready and how I was treated that night. I tipped him a 5 and he was super appreciative. I'd recommend this location to all my family and friends.
3	Food is great but quite over priced. Staff isn't as friendly but not too bad either. I'm saying 3 stars.
