5	I really like this store, but that's not the only reason I'm giving it 5 stars. This place gets 5 stars from me because it has items I can't get anywhere else at the prices FF provides. I bought a pair of purple/black/silver falls from them in Oct. 2008. and was thrilled with the assistance and the selection. They also have fun costume accessories that are not just for the goths, gothic Lolita's and industrial crowd. I recently bought a really cool pair of goggles here for only $15 and some organic (bone) earrings ornately carved into the shape of an elephants head and another pair that looks like the head of a woman, each pair was only $30! Voted as the best place to buy a gas mask and high heels by New Times and I agree!
5	I was introduced to this store by some friends who gave it awesome reviews. For the 2009 Fetish Ball the wife needed some idea's. We headed over to Fetish Falls on the Friday before. The store was very busy that afternoon. I was amazed at the awesome Customer service. Everyone was there to help the customers. As the wife tried on different things I was ask multiple times by different employees if I needed assistance. Their attention to the customer is amazing. When it comes to the Customer service I wish this was the norm and not the exception.The selection is Amazing. The layout is great. I would send anyone I talk to down to visit Fetish Falls.The Fashion show at the Fetish Ball was a great show. The space provided for the fashion show was a bit small but the MC and the models handled it with professionalism. The booth Fetish Falls had was easy to find. It was actually the first one I saw when I walked in the door. The girls all said Hi and gave us hugs. They had a bit less stock than what I saw in the store yet the selection was amazing. I had forgot to grab something at the store the day before and they had it there. Visit the store.. the website.. or give them a call. They will surpass your expectations in every way.
5	Ever since I left Los Angeles I've kept an eye out for a unique, (I hate to use the word) "alternative" store where I can drop a paycheck. I couldn't even find a place that I felt comfortable shopping in when I lived in San Diego. Didn't expect to stumble upon Fetish Falls in a place like Tempe, Arizona. More importantly, I didn't expect for the prices to be as low as they are! Lots of cute purses, good tights and skirts, punk pins and belts... they have a pretty good selection in their inventory and a pole dancing class next door. I'm sold!
5	Sad that it is closed down but the online shop is open for business! You can find Krista on her Myspace page http://www.myspace.com/fetishfallsAwesome section of hair falls and cyberlox. She also does custom pieces.
