5	Built out of an old Country Kitchen, this friendly neighborhood bar and grill has lots of room.  Great food at a reasonable price too I might add.  If you are a sports fan, this is a great bar...several TV sets with your favorite games.  If it's your birthday, you'll get to drink free tap beer all night long too.  The employees are very friendly and attentive.  Visti the website: http://www.silvereaglebar.net/
4	A girlfriend that lives in the area brought us here for a very early Sunday funday and breakfast. They have a GREAT Bloody Mary bar (lots of options) and cheap food. Perfect for a hangover. :)
4	Perfectly nice place with good food (burgers are charbroiled) and very attentive staff. Lots of windows for looking out at part of the Aldo Leopold/wooded area across the way.
1	last time I went here the bartender was more worried about giving his friends shots, eating his food and drinking coffee than to take my order.  when he finally realized me standing there with my money in my hand five minutes later he acted as if i inconvienced him.  Gave him a two dollar tip on a drink, went back up to bar the second time he didn't notice me again, and i got his attention by saying "hey man i just need an empty glass" then he walk past me and the empty glasses across from me takes a dudes order who just walked up and grabs a glass after helping him so he oviously heard me.
5	I eat there every other week if not more often.  Service has been great and one of the best club sandwichs in town.  A lot of tv's to watch the games.  Friends like the burgers, but I always stick with the club.  Surprising a decent beer selection as well.
1	Horrible service. False Advertising. High Prices.  Went here for lunch and my fiance was excited because the burger came with "Unlimted Fries".  Put in our orders for two burgers (his with fries, mine fruit--I do like the option of getting fruit with my burger) within minutes of sitting down.  However, it took 20 minutes to get our food.  The place was NOT busy. There were plenty of open tables and plenty of open seats at the bar, where we were seated.  About 5 minutes after getting our food, my fiance let them know that he would like more fries.  We finished eating, and waited for the fries.  And waited for fries. And waited for fries.  20 minutes we sat there and waited. They continually told us "They'll be up soon" and "Your fries are on the way".  I did make a point to communicate with the waitress that I needed to get back to work, and continually asked how much longer it would be, and eventually asked if we could get them in a to-go box because I was already late to work. However, the waitress seemed more interested in flirting with some of the guys at the bar than our needs.  This is for LUNCH TIME.  Eventually, we just had to leave because it was impossible to wait any longer.  If the menu says "Unlimited fries", then provide your customer with unlimited fries! It should not be necessary to wait the entire time it takes to get a full order, just to get some more fries.  I know that french fries are not usually made in individual orders. They make a big batch and split them on the plates as necessary. There were at least 3 other plates of fries that came out of the kitchen in the 20 minutes we were waiting.  I also know that it does not take 20 minutes to fry some french fries. Point is, if you are going to make a point to put the word "Unlimited" on the menu, then bring the customer the item that is unlimited.  Ridiculous. Left the bar paying $7 for a small cheeseburger and still feeling incredibly hungry, ripped off and PISSED.
5	Great staff.  Great happy hour.  Great food.  I would recommended the Boom Boom Wings, any burger or the club sandwich.  Happy Hour is 2-for-1's.  I also think it runs 3-7.  Lots of TV's too
3	The food is ok...but the service is just bad. Either you get a woman squeezed into a junior high schooler's shirt who would rather be somewhere else OR you get a super hyper guy who thinks asking 40 questions about how your day is going is deemed good service....how about just not disappearing for 25 minutes when I need a refill?
4	Decent place, friendly bartenders. Lots of options for tap beers and amazing cider beer on tap. Yum! Bloody Mary's were great too and can't wait to get back for the Bloody Mary bar. Overall, good place and well be back. Younger crowd. Close to home. :)
3	Sunday breakfast: website says the bar opens at 8am.  Actually opens at 9am on Sunday. The service is terrible. But the bloody bar is fun and they have really good burgers.
4	Found this little gem from a co-worker we were sending off. I have to say that this place is awesome for watching a game of any kind. TV's galore! This is a quaint little place right on Monona Drive and frankly there isn't really anything bad to say about it. The drinks are well priced, the food is pretty dang good, and the staff is friendly and attentive. Two small qualms, the door leading to their outdoor smoking/patio area is obnoxious. We were trying to watch a basketball game and it seemed like every 5 minutes that dang door was slamming like a jet fighter flying by over the speed of sound. AND I was told the Boom Boom sauce was hotter than tobasco sauce NOT EVEN close haha but that is really nothing to scour at. Once again, a nice little place to enjoy a good meal, couple beers, and whatever game is on.
2	Visited for the first time on Friday, July 18.  Wow, what a disappointment.  I had the "Monona Cheese Steak," which is marked on the menu as a house specialty.  The bun was unremarkable, and there was nothing identifiable as cheese - there was some type of cheese sauce that more closely resembled dressing than cheese.  Worst of all was the meat - riddled with gelatinous fat.  Steak sandwiches are supposed to be lean!  Disgusting.  I wasn't expecting Philly quality, but this was gross.My girlfriend had the fried shrimp (it was fish fry night), and her reaction:  "Meh."We believe in second chances and may be back again someday, but it won't be anytime soon.
