1	This place is just opening....There's still some work going on. I tried to pay with my debit card, but they weren't equipped to handle that.... Good thing I had cash.  I had beef w/ broccoli....Very, very tasteless. I can't overstate that. Broccoli was like it was steamed and not cooked with the beef. The sauce was watery and had no flavor. The beef was tough, undercooked, and had no flavor. I'm hoping their food will get better once they settle in. There were no carrots, onions, etc., just broccoli and beef with steamed white rice. I wasn't happy with my meal. The soup was tasty.....But not enough to save this meal.
4	This is my second visit to this restaurant on the same week because food was that great! Their service is generally pretty good until they get too busy. Well it is a Chinese restaurant, so my expectation of service is typically lower. Okay now their food. I haven't tried one dish that I didn't like. They make their food just the right amount of salt unlike some other shanghainese restaurants in town. Let me break down to the list of all the dishes that I've tried.Appetizers1. Smoked fish($7.99)- I like the sweet and not so salty smoke flavor. This is a appetizer so expect a very small plate. However, there was lots of bones in the fish so don get it if you are not a fan of picking the fish out of the bones.2. Cold chicken in wine sauce($7.99) - I really like this dish in general. Theirs were pretty yummy! Not too salty but I wish the wine flavor can be little stronger. Appetizers was the reason that I took off one star because the portion did not measure up to the price and they had to charge for rice. I guess many restaurants now do charge for rice. Shanghai tapas1. Xiao long baos($6.99)- they are pretty tasty although we had some that was broken so there was no soup inside of buns.2. Pan fried buns ($7.99) - flavor of the buns was pretty good but there was no soup inside of buns which was not what I had expected. 3. Rice ball in wine soup($6.90) - I love this dessert here! Homemade rice balls are so yummy!! And the soup matched up so perfectly! Entrees1. Sweet and sour spare ribs($11.99)- it's one of my favorite dish there. I can eat half plate by myself lol. It has perfect amount of sugar and vinegar in the sauce.2. Meatballs with vegetables (lion heads)($10.99) - I really like this dish too! It's very authentic. The homemade meatballs taste very fresh because I can tell when pork has been sitting in the fridge for too long. 3. Braised pork in soy sauce($10.99) - this dish is pretty good too but if you are not the fan of fat then you should not get this dish because half of the dish consists of fatty part of pork.4. Braised sea cucumber($16.99) - the favor is not bad but I think I personally like sea cucumber in lighter kind of sauce. 5. Stir fried shredded eel($16.99) - it's not bad but not eel is not my personal flavor. Although the sauce did make it more appealing to me.6. Beef with peanuts in hot sauce ($9.99)- I love that they put a lot a lot of mushrooms in this dish. Beef was kinda chewy so I will order chicken one next time. 7. House friend rice cakes($7.99) - flavor was good but I personally would like it withe just a little less soy sauce. SoupDuck soup with bamboo shoots($18.99) - I love soup and I love this clean light broth that came in a clay pot with generous portion. I couldn't get enough of this soup!! All entrees has really generous portion. I'm so thankful there is another great Chinese restaurant in town and wanted to thank my friend Jackie who brought me there! I will definitely return regularly.
4	Came here pre-Mother's Day and the place was practically empty. I guess that was a good thing for us but bad for them. I don't remember what we ordered since every time I'm with my mom, she does all the ordering :) Anyways, the food was delicious and fresh. Not only was the food great, the waitress was amazing and even gave us a free small dish to sample. I love service like this. I definitely would come back, but hopefully not for awhile... Not because of the restaurant but because I'm sick of Vegas.
1	Sigh...I was really excited to have found another Shanghai style restaurant, but I was deeply disappointed. Food was terrible. Panda Express tasted better than this. I can't believe the owners had the courage to get in the restaurant business with skills this poor. I can't recommend. Don't waste your money here.
5	I love Shanghai food! Everything we ordered was delicious, especially the Pork Rump Shanghai Style. The meat literally fell off the bone! The Garlic Eggplant Claypot was good, but too oily. I don't really like food soaked in oil. I also ordered a refreshing watermelon juice without sugar (you can easily make this at home, just blend ice with watermelon). The Shanghai Panfried rolls were delicious too. There was sesame seeds on the bottom which made it extra crispy when you bite into it. The restaurant looks clean and also the decor is inviting. Love this place and will come back soon!
5	What a great place for a birthday banquet!Excellent food and the staff was very friendly. They were happy to accommodate allergy issues and worked around lively (happy) children quite well.Thank you!
5	I thought it was Japanese food when I drive by, walked in and it was a Chinese restaurant. Well Shanghai food, Shanghainese? (According to yelp)Anyways, the food is really good and affordable plus great service.All the servers felt as if they were at home and we're very welcoming with the biggest smiles on their faces.
3	The first time I came here, I left work late and needed to eat stat! Broke out my handy Yelp app, filtered what's open now and sorted by rating and tada! Edamame popped up.They have XLBs and when I first starting going, it was yummy! But after a couple of tries, it became inconsistent. I'm not sure if it was the time of day I was going and a different chef, but sometimes it would have no juice, and sometimes it did but over-steamed which made the wrapper burst. Other items I've tried include their string beans, cabbage and Chinese greens, and they were all good. But nothing I couldn't get somewhere else. I would come back, and hope the XLBs are on point.
3	Edamame has some of the juiciest XLBs in town!...the wrapper is thin, but can still maintain ample soup...sometimes...they seem to be better in the evenings...but alas they are inconsistent and are sometimes sub-par :-(Why you got to tease us like this Edamame? If every time we came in we got the good Xiao Long Bao, I would give you 5 Stars...that's how good they are! But when they range from 2 Stars to 5 Stars what am I supposed to do with that? You let me down. When I think I'm going to get wonderfully flavorful XLB with spoon-fulls of soup broth...and then I get a whole order of broken or dry dumplings. I do mind. The Dude minds. This will not stand. This aggression will not stand...Service is good. We've consistently enjoyed other items, but not so much that we would come in for them.Come here for Shanghai food!Come here to roll the dice on what just might be the best XLBs in town...or might be Vegas routine below average XLBs. BTW, they are still as good as the options you would find at most Vegas places.
