3	Wow, nobody has reviewed this place yet? So this was the former Mamacita's Cantina and a few other names before that, but it's still the old Dos Gringos to anyone who's lived here for a while.All I have to say is the place is a total dump, but Thursdays are 50 cent beer day (they use Coors for the special). They're not huge serving sizes,  8 ounce cups I think, but 5 or 6 bucks should do you pretty good.
3	I would first like to comment on my general experiences at Barney's. I essentially live at ASU spending nearly my last four years chained to my studies. The location of Barney's seemingly changes once a semester from Dos Gringos to Mamacitas and now in its current iteration, Barney's Boathouse.The daily specials bring hoards of students in with 50cent draft days and a spinning wheel of alcoholic death. I've had both burgers and their famous chicken wings and both remain on par with typical bar fare quality with spectacularity available on in the social scene.The location sits just one crosswalk North of my day to day location so it represents a great opportunity to break from the keyboard and sit down for a good cheap drink and a decently affordable lunch. For the past 4 months, I have been a continuously loyal customer with the incredible service and again amazing drink specials.The biggest deterrent to the business really beginning to set a seed of a quality establishment is their slightly maniacal owner. Turnover exists at too great a frequency. While noone considers bartending as a career settling endeavor, a once a week staff change disallows a genuine pub atmosphere to begin developing. I have become close to different waitstaff yet they disappear the following week.From what I understand, the ownership cares nothing about the customers and treats employees with harsh reprimands over every little mistake. Nickel and dimeing represent the managerial personal rather than customer service.Recanting, I do enjoy Barney's and the down south theme of the restaurant, but I can only hope the owner realizes the compulsory path that may lead to a failed business model. The customers are what pay the bills and happy customers lead to a loyal following.
1	Deals are the same here as anywhere else.  What matters is the service.  And I can say for the table waitressing that they are pretty attentive.  But when it comes time to actually park your vehicle before entering Barney's you are going to have a hard time- mostly because the lot between Barney's and Pita Pit is undefined.  Parking in the back lot risks your car being towed and then neither owner of either establishment claiming responsibility for it.  I was the vicitim of a shady property/tow agreement and Barney's, despite my patronage, made no effort to reconcile the situation.  Beware that parking in their back lot is at extreme owner risk and that no support even with a reasonable argument will be given to the patron.
2	Blech, blech, and more blech.  Actually, I'll take one 'blech' back because the drinks are pretty decent here.  That's about it.  If you're planning on getting food, I'd recommend the REALLY huge onion rings or the alligator appetizer.  Otherwise, steer clear of the food.  You might also want to steer clear of the bathroom because at least on the girl's side, the place was like a scene out of a horror movie...or a bar where one too many people have probably thrown up.  The waitress we had was nice, but the guy who greeted us at the door appeared to be drunk.  I wasn't even sure if he worked there.  The place is packed with ASU undergrads, as it's located right across the street from campus, and some other random people (like the guy who greeted us at the door).  My other complaint is that parking sucks, so if you're planning on going to Barney's, you might want to walk.  Overall, IF I were to return here, I'd probably only go for drinks...or after I'd already had a few and didn't know any better.
2	I was saddened to find that the Dos Gringos trailer park was gone, not that it was anything special but it was a Tempe staple. Barneys seemed like it was thrown together in a day as far as decor goes. None of the tables or chairs match, the signs are painted by what looks like a 4th grade class and the main attraction is a spin wheel that too looks like it was found in a junkyard. The food wasn't very good, in fact my girl found an eyelash in her fish tacos which were deep fried and mostly tasteless. I ordered the sliders for some reason and they were about as thin as a sheet of paper and had even less taste. We got a few buckets of Coors for 10$ each which was acceptable. I wouldn't make a point to stop here again. The service seemed to be ok. Oh yeah, parking is in back where the trailer park used to be just fyi.
1	Their specials menu is extremely misleading -- I went there on a Wednesday, and according to the menu you get "50 cent drafts with any entree."  So I ordered an entree and asked what they had on draft.  Apparently that wasn't specific enough, because my beers were $5 a pop.  The waitress played dumb, and when I spoke to a manager he treated me like an idiot for not asking for the "draft specials" rather than the drafts.  That language is nowhere on the menu.  He told me if I didn't want to pay that much, "we were going to have a problem."  He didn't even offer any sort of discount or anything, claiming that "he didn't write the menu."  I paid and left, and I'll never go back, simply because they're purposefully misleading and expect their drunk customers not to ask questions at the end of the night. Also, the stalls in the women's restroom have no locks.  Charging five bucks for a plastic cup of beer, they should be able to afford to get that fixed.
4	Four stars for Thursday night only.  I have never been otherwise.  I have never had their food... unless you count tasting their pizza after copious amounts of 50 cent beer.  Yes, 50 cent beer.  Minimum order of three glasses.  This is why I go.  Don't judge.Although, after drinking 50 cent beer all night (intermixed with shots, of course) you might do things you'll later regret (and by regret I mean think back on longingly when you're old, settled and married) .  I'm just saying, you will get drunk, you will end up bar hoping around Mill, and then you might end up in the arms of some hot British soldier in town for training... or maybe that's only me.  Either way, if you like being able to get pissed (using the British term for drunk seems only appropriate here) on less than 5 dollars, Barney's Thursday nights are for you.  Hey, I thought I said no judging.
4	The food is crap.  I'm not trying to be mean, but it really is horrible.  I'd rather eat one of those Tornado things from Circle K for dinner.  Also, I don't appreciate the waitress telling me everything is great when everything is absolutely not great.  What kind of disgusting excuse for food must she live off of if the nachos get her stamp of approval?  They were probably the worst nachos I've ever had.  Taco Bell's nachos are like manna from heaven compared to the sad mess Barney's serves.  She should have just been honest and told me to order fries a la carte, because that was the only thing my friend and I enjoyed.We ended up just going back to her place and lying on the floor for a while because our stomachs were so upset. Only drink at Barney's.  If you eat, stick to fries.  The pizza is a safe bet too.  Whatever you do, don't order the nachos, onion rings, or the grilled chicken wrap.  Hell, just go on Thursday and drink until it all tastes good.  Problem solved.Obviously, Thursday night gets to keep the four star rating.  I can't help it.  I will never get too old for Barney's Thursday nights.  Well, I probably will eventually, but not today.  Not today.
3	The only reason I'm giving this place three stars is because this place WAS awesome! The food is still good but the service has gone way down hill! This place used to be an awesome place to come day drink but now, not so much. What happened?! I want the old Barney's back, the place I came to and Chris (Barney) was always here to say what's up.
2	This place did nothing for me.  Concept sucks, building is old.  Specials are like everywhere else.  Only bright spot is that have a good outside area in Univ Ave.
1	I've been to Barney's a couple of times and really I'm not sure why. The food is really not very good. Less than mediocre if I'm being honest. The drinks are meh and the service is terrible when they get a little bit busy. This place is a classic example of a business not being able to fail, no matter how hard they try, if they serve booze on a major college campus. Seriously, if you're anywhere near this place walk the extra 100 yards to someplace better, you'll be grateful you did.
1	Not impressed. I was there one evening on a weekday with some friends. Service was slow despite the fact that the place was empty. I went to the ladies room to find a gentleman plunging the toilet; he suggested that if I needed to use the bathroom I was allowed to go out back and pee. Hmmm, no thanks. I'd prefer a bar that doesn't allow patrons to urinate behind the building.
2	The place is closed for good. Health code violations up the ying yang.
