3	With the advent of the Super Bowl just a few days away, the beer distributors are licking their chops at the business coming their way. Of course, this means the end of football season, so sales will drop off. Banksville Beer has a great business, and awesome location. They carry a good selection of all types of beer. Pittsburgh is suddenly having a love affair with IPA's, something I've been in love with for about 9 years now. Great selection here, including 60 and 90 minute, Victory, Ithaca Flower Power, etc. Good selections of your swill brews (PBR, less filling, tastes great) and your college frat boy brews, you know what I mean! They also carry snacks.
1	I've never, EVER experienced such poor customer service before at any beer distributor.  Yes, I called them and asked for a price on ordering a case of import beer.  When they called me back with the price, I decilned purchase.  I was talking at the same time to another distributor who was doing a lot more leg work for me tracking down the supply chain.  When he informed me he could have a case shipped to wherever I bought my beer, I gave him Banksville Beer's name thinking I was giving them some extra business.  I don't normally get my beer from there.  When I stopped into Banksville to pick it up, a person who I assume was the owner got immediately defensive with me, raised his voice saying "You told me you didn't want it."  I tried to explain what had happened, but he continuously interupted me with a constantly rising voice level barely allowing me to get a word in.  He claimed he did not speak to the guy I had spoken to, which was obviously a lie since he referred specifically to "that person you (meaning me) talked to."  I finally had to cut him off and say, "Listen, do you have the case here or not?"  He said they did not, so I left.I can understand his frustration if what I did caused him any loss or inconveneince, but he did not need to take the majorly unprofessional approach that he did.  I honestly had no idea that I did anything wrong, and on the contrary thought I had actually done them a favor.  Had he explained the circumstance, it would have been no harm, no foul and lesson learned.  And I just would have asked them to order me a case straight out and would have returned for more cases to be orderd in the future.  But because of that reaction, I will NEVER step foot in there again under any circumstance.  No beer is worth dealing with a world class A-hole like that.
3	Banksville Beer is one of those places I very rarely have to shop at; I don't drink a ton of beer and given a choice between cider (which you can get here) and wine (not so much, obviously), wine will usually win. As a result, one stop here can keep my cider/beer supply stocked for months. Now, while I've never left the shop empty handed and I LOVE browsing the fantastic and varied beer selection here, I have admittedly had trouble finding specific favorite beverages of mine, such as flavors of Magner or even varieties of Blue Moon. But I think this has more to do with my taste (remember, not the biggest beer person, more of a cider/wine person) than the shop itself - you can always at least find the basic ciders and beers here. And again, I've never left empty handed despite my snobby tastes: usually I leave with a whole case of Woodchuck, and most recently a whole case of Fall Woodchuck. Yum! Also, the men behind the desk are usually pretty good about asking if you need a hand taking things to your car. (Usually.)Still, the parking situation here keeps me from giving the place 4 stars. Getting into the lot here can be a little frightening as you hope the person behind you is paying attention and slowing down while you turn into the lot. The lot itself is pretty tiny so problems can arise if too many people stop in for beer at once. Finally, getting out is even more terrifying than pulling in, because no one slows down on Banksville, ever, to let you out. Be prepared to sit for a few minutes if traffic is heavy.Happy shopping, beer lovers!
