4	This first time I wandered in here a few years ago I was looking for a gift that was to be shipped out of state.  Without letting on she was the intended receiver I had asked whether women preferred flowers or chocolates.  Her answer was yellow and pink roses could always be given to friends.  So off to the mall I went, thinking I was probably getting perfume at some kiosk or something.  I wandered into Yankee Candle and they had a pink rose scent.  The receiver loves candles and when she got it a few days later she understood the connection to the generic question and enjoyed the candle.I have been back several times since then to buy candles for my apt (they smell better than smoke) and for gifts.  They always seem to have something on sale, with their biggest sales in January and July.  Yesterday I purchased two large Pumpkin spice jar candles, the second being 1/2 off.  I have a problem with drafts when the A/C is running and by buying an Illuma-lid I can get several months out of each candle even burning them every night.
4	I received a coupon by email (buy $25 worth get $10 off) to go to Yankee Candle. I normally get my Yankee Candle from Bed, Bath, and Beyond. I figure since I am in the mall what the heck. I stepped into the place and all the smells hit me all at once. I had to look for my favie Vanilla Cupcake or the Christmas cookie. Love those smells. I walked out with a large jar of the vanilla cupcake and 3 car scents (of course vanilla cupcake). Ummmm..............
1	Let me start by saying I love these candles and think the smells are truly unique. I have never visited a store because I usually buy online. I decided to go to the store today though to smell the holiday scents in person.   On this particular trip I had a coupon for buy 2 small jar candles get 2 free. I had never purchased the small jar candles so I asked the woman behind the counter to point out which coupons pertain to this promotion. She showed me the small jar candle and proceeded to tell me that this was not a good deal. She told me the large candle was the best deal and that the small jar candle wasn't a good price.  While I can appreciate her desire to up sale I don't appreciate needing to explain that while I agree with her, I am not in the position to spend that much money today. I was perfectly happy with buying the 2 smaller candles and getting 2 free. I realize the best value is the large jar candles (which I had a coupon for buy 2 get 2 free also) I just couldn't spend that much money today.  The trip continued to take a turn for the worst when  I went to check out. We had about 5 people in line which wasn't a problem until the computer broke. We then spent over 10 minutes listening to the same associate announce that this is not her fault and she can't do anything to fix it. If we wanted our candles we would just have to wait. Finally she has the machine back up and running. She begins to ring everyone up. She however is taking the time to comment on how she feels about each and every scent that she rings up. After spending more then 25 minutes total in line I had to walk out with no candles. You see, I was on my lunch hour and didn't have the luxury of waiting 25 minutes to have my basket rang up.  So now after spending my entire lunch hour in the store discussing my inability to afford 2 large jar candles at that time, waiting in line for the cashier to approve every ones candle choices, and hearing how she can't do anything about the computer, I left with no candles. This was my first experience in a Yankee Candle store and let me be honest, it STUNK and it wasn't the candles fault.
5	The helpful and knowledgeable staff zeroed in on the perfect gift immediately.   My Nephew was very pleased with his gift, a masculine musky non-perfuming scented candle.
5	Great staff, amazing scents. Knowledgeable. They always have some sort of deal going on. If you live indoors I recommend this place to help your place smell better.
5	I have been visiting this Yankee Candle store over the past nine months.  I have had significant excellent service, always greeted with a friendly smile. The store is always over crowded, but the staff finds the time to make me feel like I am important. The store is clean, and well displayed.  Although I haven't been there in about a month, my favorite scents are the fall candles.  Time for another visit.
4	So I'm strolling along the mall and I come upon this store.  I looked around a little before leaving, but something caught my eye and I kept it in mind for the return pass through.I went back in and was helped by Jennifer, who couldn't have been nicer, more knowledgeable or helpful.After her recommendation on a few scents, we put together a package that she wrapped nicely.  She told me about their return policy, which includes the recipient returning a scent if not satisfied, even without the receipt.  Very nice. I felt much better about buying something here.What a great little store.
5	Every-time I go in there, I am greeted by either Sandra or Jenifer. This candle store has really changed its feel over the past three years that I have been shopping there. In the past, the managers would ignore me, but I really appreciate the friendly atmosphere they all bring now. The last candle they up sold me to was The Sparkling Angel, they could sell snow to a Eskimo because the friendly staff always makes you feel like you're the only one in the store!
5	High quality product!  Love the buy 2 get 2 free deals!!!
