5	Freddy's is a great place to grab a quick meal.  It has a retro-diner kind of feel, with black and white patterned tile and red vinyl seats, but it's fast food so you can order at the counter or through the drive-thru.I haven't had their "famous" steak burger, but their veggie burger is delicious.  It comes piled high with toppings and accompanied by skinny seasoned fries (if you get the combo).Their frozen custard is wonderful as well, and they have a huge variety of mix-ins to choose from.  I got toasted coconut!  Mmmmm!5 stars easy!
5	I discovered Freddy's a few months ago, and it has since worked it's way into my lunch rotation since it is fairly close to where I work.  The burgers are unique compared to the norm, if not a little greasy.  The staff has always been more than friendly, especially during those early days when I wasn't quite sure what constitutes a "steakburger".   On every visit an employee walks by asking how our meal was and clears our trays for us, which isn't  service you don't get at many fast food joints.  Maybe one day I will leave enough room to try their famous frozen custard!
4	Why eat at In-n-Out when there's Freddys?  They may not be able to steamroll I-n-O on the milkshake factor but their burgers are better, the fries are tied, they have hot dogs (big bonus points) and the clincher is the frozen custard.  They have great little sundaes and they are always nice.
4	Thanks to Beth G.'s review today we remembered that we'd been here once before and liked it, so we returned for dinner tonight. I had a California steakburger. What makes it "California"? Classic burger veggies? Strange. It was tasty, though. The beef was well-seasoned and crispy on the thin outer edges. Yummy. Hubby had the patty melt on another Yelper's recommendation, but he found the heavily seeded rye "distracting." Both came with a vat of shoestring fries. Delicious and crispy, but frankly, way too much.We both got some custard- we drove 20 miles to get here, so we might as well. I had a regular sized Hawaiian sundae and Hubby had a vanilla custard with peanut butter mix-in. Very smooth and peanut-buttery. Mine was also tasty, but huge- I would hate to see the large.We'll make the trek to Freddy's again- there are so few places around here that are even close to Steak-n-Shake (Midwest fave).
5	I decided to go for a drive and noticed Freddy's on Bell this afternoon.I pulled into parking lot to check it out. What a cute burger shop. It reminds me of Steak & Shake back east.I ended up getting a Freddy's Famous Concrete and a diet soda (ya, I know... ice cream and diet soda. Like eating a big mac, large fries and a then asking for  a diet coke to cut down on a calories).The concrete turned out to be a standard sundae (why don't they just call it that). But I have to say, it was pretty darn good. The frozen custard had a great flavor and richness to it. The topping was run of the mill Hershey's syrup. Nothing to write home about. Chocolate syrup is chocolate syrup.The pricing is Okay.. $3.50 for a standard sundae is about average I guess.Check the place out. Take a few friends for ice cream and great conversation.
5	Dare I say it? This is a step up from In-n-Out. The burgers are comparable, the fries are stringier and imho just a little bit better, and they offer a wider menu selection with things like hot dogs, chicken fingers, and many dessert options.
5	Wow !!!  I think their steakburger is the bomb.  Love this place.  And I love the shoestring french fries.  PLUS, the frozen custard is great too.  You can't go wrong here.  Just wish one was close to where I live.
5	I do not care for samll thin burgers or thin frys, but I love Freddys. The #1 combo is great. Double burger with cheese mustard and pickles and onion frys and a drink. (Mt Dew)The people there are cool, the place was clean, and the food was good. Custard is 10x better the yogurt or ice cream. It is also worse for you...muah.
4	I've been to Freddy's a dozen times, at least. My mother introduced me and my daughters to it a couple years back.I invariably get the patty melt and love it.Their fries are almost matchsticks, and quite tasty!The concretes are fantastic!Prices are reasonable for the food you get.
4	I also work right by Freddy's. I have eaten here many times and the burgers are great! I also love the thin cut fries, not a fan of steak fries, etc. The custard is great too.If it werent' for Lenny's I'd say best burger in the valley. But sorry folks, Lenny's is better in my opinion. I'd call In N Out a distant 3rd.
3	I adore their burgers. It's the frilly, crispy edges they have - lacey bits of beefy goodness! Their seasoned shoestring fries are fantastic too, if you happen to get a fresh batch. I'm only dinging them a couple of stars because service can be slow, and their frozen custard is just OK. Admittedly, I was spoiled by a fantastic small custard shop in my old East coast neighborhood. *sigh*
3	I wanted to like Freddy's a lot more than I did.Prob 2.5 stars, really, but I appreciate the variety on the menu, and that they're offering something a little different.That being said, I didn't really care for what they're offering. The menu pics make a "Steakburger" (quotes are quite necessary in this case!) look like thinly sliced pieces of steak/beef, kind of like a thicker unprocessed version of the glued together mass that Arby's cuts into their thin slices.  But that's not at all what it is, as there's nothing "steak" about it.Imagine taking an already thin, very basic hamburger patty and smashing it down with a meat tenderizing hammer so that it tapers to a super thin edge. You know all of those little fat bubbles that usually accumulate on the top side of an unflipped burger?  In a "Steakburger" all of those fat bubbles congeal together between the gound beef bits, on the grill side not the top, into a solid, slightly crispy layer of meat/fat.It's so thin that they have to offer you two patties as the basic, with options of one or three patties on the menu, too.  A normal burger does not include lettuce & tom, you pay extra for that.  My personal taste is that thicker is better for fries, as long as they're not limp, gimme steak fries every time.  I thought Freddy's Steakburger would have steak fries, but they actually have shoestring fries.  The seasoning was good, but the flavor of potato is so lost in grease and salt that it was kind of heavy on the belly quickly.  The worse part was that it was actually very annoying having to repeatedly dunk them in ketchup and move them to my mouth. I'm not usually such a lazy eater (~!~)(Stoopid Amehr-i-KAHNs) but I had to opt for a fork.  These would make nice chili fries, I guess.Didn't bother with custard.Service stank, too, as I waited about 3 minutes with no acknowledgement even though there were employees busy right in front of me  making desserts.  I guess they weren't authorized for bare-customer contact.  A drive thru guy eventually came to take the order, but as soon as he stepped up to me, he began talking to the person in the drive thru and walked away, gesturing to someone I couldn't see around the corner.  A shaggy haired dude pushing a mop bucket came into view, saying "I'll try, but it's been a while" as he walked up to the register.  Guy's like 17, how long could it have been?  A manager looking guy  stepped in front of young shaggy mop amnesia fellow, a different shirt color was my only clue to his title, not skill level, that's fo' sho'.
5	this place is awesome, reminds me a bit of In N Out the best in the west but i like the dogs, the buns are killer, some sort of toasted white bread deal, the shoestring taters were kickass as well. didnt try any of the frozen custard but i imagine its great!  i gotta give props to the WWII memorabilia on the wall from freddy's career, especially the Philippines shot on the beach.  it would be nice if one of these were in Cali.
2	This 2.5 had been *generously* rounded up to a 3, but no longer....I went to Culver's, basically.Now I get what Freddy's is trying to be.  Although Freddy's has a mythology that  lays claim to being the originator of the burger style, Culver's just does it better.   http://www.yelp.com/biz/culvers-phoenix#hrid:yDsMVl72kItXdkeWUKHLogThey do everything better.  From friendly customer service, cleanliness, to the fresh and tasty food; and the thick yet crisp on the outside crinkle cut frys were simply a model of perfection on the delicate Greasy~Crispy Spectrum.The basic sundae automaticaly comes with 2 flavors of topping, so they aren't trying to unfairly skrimp you for skrilla left and right with extras.  Very cool, Culver's!   Boo Freddy's for being so lackluster with customer service, overseasoned with food, and generally failing.
2	I was completely miss led when i was brought here by my brother.  IN N OUT is a million times better than this place.  and frankly im not a huge fan of in n out i mean its good but nothing to get excited about.  dont bother coming here go somewhere else. shoot go to the mcDs on 59th an bell
4	Went today on my weekly burger fix and I have to say this place rocks.  The steak burger was amazing I had a double California style with 1000 island and cheese.  Very yummy burger and then they have these shoestring fries to go with it AMAZING.  I recommend getting the honey mustard to dip them in.  I didn't try the frozen custard as I was full from lunch but I will be back for that.  Freddy's you have earned yourself a repeat customer.
2	I used to LOVE Freddy's.  We started going when we were in Texas on vacation and then the opened this location and WOW...we had a favorite.We have been to this location several times and the location in Gilbert twice.  It used to be that EVERY time we went it was AMAZING!!  Now, it is hit or miss.  Last visit to this location the fries were WAY overcooked...quality control would tell you not to send out burnt fries, but no they sent them right out to us.  I think the little burger has shrunk and it was small before.  Ouch, why is it that when you start to really love a place it goes downhill?  Well, at least In & Out burger stays consistant and since I now live in SoCal I guess we won't be missing Freddy's anymore.
4	Not a big burger fan but this place is close to my work and I just needed to pick up something real quick one day so decided to check it out. I must say I was pretty impressed. The steak burgers are sooo tasty and they look homemade not your typical commercial patty. I went back and took a chance with the hot dog and it was good too. I love the grilled onion they put on it. I am not big on sweets but decided to try their frozen custard one time and I must say it was pretty damn good. Better than any ice cream I have ever tasted. I like the texture and consistency... It is very creamy and not too sweet. Oh and their fries... Can't get enough of them... I get them extra crispy and the seasoning they use it awesome. It's not just salt... Definitely a good place if you need a burger fix.I always use the drive through but the service is decent. Nothing special for a drive through. They have never got my order wrong.
5	Gotta say I don't care for, or eat, anything but the custard at Freddy's.  It is hands down the best frozen custard I have ever had anywhere.  If you love ice cream you will love Freddy's.
5	This place is great for good at a good price. You can get a combo meal for about $6. Their burgers are made from sirloin burger and extremely good. I usually get the patty melt.  The rye bread is butter toasted and so stinkin' good!  They're small patties, so it's a good idea to order a double. The onion rings are the best I've had at a fast food restaurant. The custard is so creamy and rich. They can make basically anything you like, but plain vanilla is pretty tasty.The service is also outstanding. If you dine in, a manager will walk by and ask how everything was. Excellent customer service.
4	Tried them this weekend and i was rather impressed. The burgers were good, and i would definitely try getting something other than a single. Fries were tasty, and well salted.  Personally i prefer thicker fries, but at the moment the shoe string fries did the trick.The dining area was nice and clean. The atmosphere is pretty cool, and their menu was pretty easy to get thru. My wife had the custard and she said that it was great! One gripe is that they do not offer a No Sugar Added alternative.I would definitely go back!
4	FROZEN CUSTARD? HOLY CRAP THIS TASTES LIKE ICE CREAM!Actually...I dareth say, it was better than ice cream. Though I also heard a nasty rumor that it is healthier too. Anyway, down to the review - I had the Dirt n' Worms - vanilla frozen custard with oreos and gummi worms. The custard was so good, you don't even realize you're not eating ice cream! I'm definitely coming back to try the food.
4	This was my first trip to Freddy's in probably close to a year...not because I don't like it, but my wife is a bigger fan of Culver's.  I had a meeting that evening that caused me to miss at home dinner time and decided to hit up Freddy's for my dinner.  This was my first time through the drive-thru, all other visits had been inside.  Drive-thru, even though there was a steady stream of cars, was fairly quick.  I ordered a double California Burger, with fries and a soda.  Now, I'll be honest, this was a few weeks back, and the fries and soda weren't that memorable...but the burger was fantastic.  Seemed meatier than normal (maybe that is in comparison to the usual Culver's burger?) and the taste was great.  Cooked as good as a fast-food burger can be cooked.  Oh Freddy's, I like you so, hopefully I can ditch my wife more often to dine on your delicious burgers!
3	Not really frozen custard...more like just soft served ice cream =/ the burger is okay -- the California style burger is like a single cheeseburger from In N Out but I do like their fries...crispy and very thin. The menu is mostly ice cream and sundaes. Nothing very note worthy of this place...kinda cheap, has drive thru and big sit-in area and friendly staff.
4	I drive through every so often for the fries.  They are heaven!  nice shoestrings with a tasty little seasoning sprinkled on.  Yummy
4	Shhhh  don't tell but I had Frozen Custard treat and it was very rich and tasty . I can tell you from my wide range of ice cream tasting ability that my frozen Custard was chocked full of rich butterfat.   I might go back to try there burgers but I know I will be back for Custard.  If you like culvers you will enjoy Freddys
4	If you like Steak Burgers... this is your place.To anybody who is used to the typical hamburger, you might not be a fan of a steakburger... just sayin'.Their custard is absolutely amazing.
5	Went to lunch here today. Had the chicago dog with fries and a few bites of the steakburger (Not that I wouldnt have eaten more)The fries are awesome here! I love the thin shoestring fries. The dog was good, it was on a great bun. No complaints at all!I had a few bites of the steakburger from my girlfriend. She wouldnt let me eat it all! HAHASo I was done eating and was like oh what the hell lets get the custard.... I tried the brownie delight= Delicious. Very smooth and probably the best frozen "ice cream" I've ever tried. I will be back and will make a special trip to try more stuff!!
5	Ok ... I have to admit, first, that I have been a HUGE fan of In N Out burger for years ... then I stopped into Freddy's one day, and haven't gone to In N Out since!  The service is great, the food is AMAZINGLY good, and the atmosphere is fun and fresh.  You will not be disappointed!  I do the California Double Combo ... give them a try!
4	Probably as good or better than the rest of the fast-food burgers around here.I ordered the patty melt combo.  I like my bread with a little character, and this was pretty decent rye bread.  The burger itself, with the cheese and onions, was juicy and flavorful.  A different style from most burger places, I guess that's where the "steakburger" concept comes in.The fries were tasty as well - shoestring fries, which I prefer.  I don't know why - maybe it's the fact that there's more fried surface area than normal ones, but these were just plain good.For dessert - I have to at least try their signature dessert - I went with the turtle sundae.  The custard tasted pretty much like normal soft serve ice cream, and it was loaded with walnuts, with some chocolate and caramel topping.  Nothing really special, but it was pretty decent, probably as good as you'd get at DQ or Tastee Freez.I'd say this is definitely a winner in the fast food market.
2	I went here with my wife and I was very anxious to try this since I had heard it was better than Culvers...I thought it was okay...I got a Triple Burger and still thought it was too small...the frys were okay...personally too thin for me.  I don't know..maybe I was comparing it too much too Culvers....Culvers was better because it filled me up...had more flavor and it was more greasy.  So, in conclusion...I liked Culver's more but Freddy's is healthier.
5	pretty much better than ANY fast food burger. and the prices aren't that bad, I tried culvers once and remember spending close to $20 for two people. you can get a burger fries and drink meal for under $5, but you gotta try the custard.
5	I'd give it 4.5 stars if I could.Burgers were very tasty and fresh.  More than a pleasant surprise, to be sure.Custard?  I had the Turtle Pecan thingy, and it was awesome.  Just wish there was a larger scoop of custard.  The folks were nice, helpful, and friendly.  I'll definitely be going back.
3	I thought this place would blow Culver's outta the water...but eh it's pretty much the same. I hit the drive thru & ordered the following: #1 w/onion rings & a Dr. P, another #1 but make it a single & no onions w/fries & a Dr. P & a regular sized concrete with chocolate frozen custard, cookie dough & marshmallow. They messed up & gave us 2 fries, I need to always remember to check the bag! But hubby wasn't too disappointed, the fries were really good. The burgers were good too but our food was barely warm, ugh. The frozen custard was bomb! But I think Culver's burgers & frozen custard are just as good (they do beat them in the fries category though), plus they are way closer to us, so I will just stick w/them when we're in the mood for that kind of stuff!
5	After very careful and considerate scientific study, it has been determined that Freddy's frozen custard is well, fantastic!Yes, we think of reasons to visit the West Side just to have custard, and have been there quite a few times since first discovering it back in late November.  One scoop of vanilla and one of chocolate (side by side, please) - $2.50 - that is all it takes to make me happy. So what is better than just the custard?  When you have it with french fries!  That is a whole different level of artery-hardening goodness.On our most recent visit, we mentioned to the man behind the counter (who turned out to be a manager of multiple locations) that we intend to eventually try a Steakburger, but since we always show up after a sizable lunch or dinner it just hasn't happened yet.  As we were enjoying our custard and looking at the photos that line the walls of the restaurant, he came up and handed us a Steakburger with cheese (neatly cut in half) to try!  He said he didn't want us to wait another day to try a burger.  Yes, we were stuffed with sushi and custard and yes we ate it anyway.  It was tasty - thank you!  :)Established in 2002 by the sons of WWII veteran Freddy Simon and headquartered in Kansas, Freddy's currently only has three locations in AZ (with two more coming soon).  Anyone want to go in on the $25k franchise fee?  Then we can have custard anytime!  :)
5	OK, my fist five star review!  What can I say, I liked it a lot.  Any time I can feed the two of us for a 10 spot or so, well, need I say more?  Freddy's is, "The Now!!! !".   Tasty Too!!!
5	Yes, Freddy's is a fast food joint, but having said that is is probably my favorite. I grew up having frozen custard and so I consider myself a frozen custard expert! My dad used to own a frozen custard business and he is extremely picky and he is the one who first brought me here. On top of the fact that they have great desserts, their food is awesome too. I love that they have shoestring fries, and their burgers are really great too. Their menu is just different than other fast food joints. For example, they have a combo that includes a hot dog and a hamburger. If you are in the area you have to stop by and try Freddy's!
4	Better than Five Guys Burgers.
5	Up until a few years ago, the only thing I had ever known about this place was that they served custard, and the thought of Frozen Custard had always been intriguing to me. I was never sure about their burgers and such until my best friend exclaimed she wanted Freddy's one day. I thought it was pretty good, but it was never on my radar because it isn't exactly close to home. Fast-forward a few years, and I introduced Freddy's to one of my school friends and he LOVES it. Every Tuesday and Thursday, you can find us there, in our favorite booth, both eating the Single Steakburger California Style (California Style is basically their version of an In-n-Out burger, and WAY better) with fries and extra sides of ranch.
5	Freddy's is the type of place you want to drive out of the way to go eat! I love the burgers and the shoestring Fry's are in my top 3 fav to eat! This is a must go restaurant! If you think Smashburger is good then go get a real burger at Freddy's and experience a burger worth talking about and savoring! The custard, although sounds kind of weird to eat, is awesome! Just try any one of the flavors and you will see why this place gets a 5 star rating from me!
5	I only have a few things to say:1. The fries are probably the most amazing tasting fries I've had in the state of Arizona.2. The custard/sundaes are the bomb.That's it.
5	Ok, I'm jealous. Usually when I come visit the fam in AZ, I get jealous over SOMETHING. Pink Taco (RIP), drive-thru Panda Express, Saddle Ranch or whatever. On the way to g-ma's house I see "frozen custard" on the sign and HAD to stop...and I'm glad i did. The burger was pretty damn good, but the custard was DY-NO-MITE! Oh, and the fries....best fries I've had from a "fast food" place. If you live in AZ, you owe it to yourself to try this place. If you're not in AZ, u might wanna make a visit just for Freddie's. I know I will...until they get sense enough to open one in S.D.
4	This place is awesome! and would place it as one of the places I would visit if I was in the area. The steak burgers are a little thin, but pack big flavor. The fries are nice as well. The custard is outstanding and is a must after dinner meal.Service wise, the staff is extremely friendly and compariable to chik filets...If your in the area I would definitely make give this place a try.
4	Some might walk into Freddy's and think.. "Hey this is like Culvers.."   Sure, they both sell burgers and custard, but I tell ya what..  Freddy's burgers are far tastier and the custard is out of this world.  How's that for an 80s commercial?I got a bacon cheeseburger with fries.  I had no idea their fries were shoestring, but I loved them even more.  You can get carried away with fries and end up stuffing yourself.  These work just right.  I added some of their special seasoning on top and went to town. Only bad thing was when I have a good burger, I can usually inhale the thing in about a minute.. the burger was gone in about 90 seconds.  Sorry! it was good!!   My girlfriend leaned over and said to me after I ate it.. "really??"  I know..  Sue me. It was good.If I had to compare it to anything, id say Smashburger.  Which I also love.  For dessert I had a great medley of custard, caramel, chocolate and pecans.. MMmmm.. super good.
5	Burger: ExcellentCheese Fries: AddictingTurtle Custard Sundae: Best reason to go back!  Arrived around 8:00 PM, food was ready in minutes, ate outside, and will now have to roll myself home!  Definitely recommend!!!
4	Steakburgers are AWESOME.  Love this place!!  the FRIES are PHENOMINAL!!!!!!!!!   FIVE GUYS BURGERS???????  Please!!!  Freddy's tops five guys.
4	Great burgers and fries.
4	Freddy's lived up to the hype - bravo!Loved the inside 50s style diner setup - very nostalgic (can I say that when I wasn't alive in the 50s though? :) )A car show was going on outside, which was kinda neat.Being a first timer I listened to the employee's recommendation on the turtle sundae. Just do it guys. Custard rocks, and caramel is da bomb. Can't wait to visit your east valley location closer to me!
4	It was a long weekend so i dont remember exactly what i got, but i believe it was just a regular cheeseburger with fries and a turtle concrete.I know i liked it all and will be back.
5	This place is insanely good.  WHY ARE THERE NO CUSTARD BURGER JOINTS IN L.A.???  The original Freddy's special with everything on it and fries hits the spot every single time.  The service here is some of the most energetic and friendly that I've ever come across, too.  I mean, yesterday the owner himself was going around talking to people, making sure they were content.  You don't find that every day.
5	Gotta love this place no matter the location.  It's a must that you get a double because patties are thin.  Order it like they serve it...stop being picky anyway!  The fries are amazing...thin shoe string fries!  Order an extra basket of fries to share with your table.  May as well order a cone to go for the ride home.  In PHX you gotta eat that fast...frozen custard to go in 110 degrees.  Love it!
5	A friend of mine recommended Freddy's because of the steak burgers which he said were lean and delicious. He was right. The texture of the meat is extremely different than anywhere else. I'm not sure how to describe it, but it is flaky and crispy, in a good way.I also tried the Hawaiian frozen custard for dessert. It was the smoothest frozen treat I have ever eaten. I will definitely be back for more.
5	One of the best damn burgers in the Phoenix area. It's right there with in-n-out and 5 guys! The fries are awesome. I didn't know they made shoestrings that thin. The only problem is that there aren't a bunch of Freddys all over the place.
4	Just wanted something cold and good. Hello frozen custard! where have you been hiding? Actually used to get frozen custard on the east side with the family when I was young and it brought back so many fond memories.Great little place, fast and friendly service
4	Okay...I have been here once. But I was in town visiting and heard from a few peeps that this spot was worth checking out. When we finally found it, we strolled in. Digging the old school atmosphere! Placed our order and we waited, giddy like schoolgirls. I had a patty melt, my lady friend had the PM with 'shrooms on it, and her mom had a burger. Everything looked AWESOME when it arrived. The meat is great, totally different from anything you get from any fast food joint. (Yuck). The little shoestring fries were GREAT! I usually prefer bigger fries, hell, even sometimes curly or smothered in chili, but these little guys were great. Matter of fact, I was here a little over 2 weeks ago and still haven't had fries from anywhere else. No thanks. All in our group loved their food. Next time I am in town, we are going back. Also, the worms n dirt was great as well. That frozen custard is a must-try.
5	Love this place! The hotdogs are so juicy and flavorful, the french fries are seasoned just right - you cannot go wrong with anything you order here! Highly recommended!
5	Just got a strawberry vanilla shake and strawberry cheesecake shake.... Sooo yummy. First time here and it was great. I look forward to coming back and trying the food!
4	After working down the street from Freddy's for a year and half and wanting to go, I finally went with a coworker who raved about the place.I ordered the # 1 combo, burger, drink and fries. The meal was just under $7.The burger is fresh and very good and enjoyed my burger. I wouldn't say it's my favorite burger, but it's in the upper echelon especially in the Phoenix Area.. One thing that stands out is the pickles that are served on the burger. I've never had  long sliced pickles on a burger, usually just pickle chips. I wish ketchup came on the burger, but you can add this yourself.Fries were good, could have used a little more than the small scoop I received.  I will definitely go back and maybe next time opt for a custard or sweet treat.
3	I am not sure why the hype for Freddy's.  2.5 start at the best.  The burgers are ok (meat is so thin, you can  almost see through it), fries are good, frozen custard is ok.  Maybe I like my burgers a little meatier?
4	Freddy's is my all-time favorite burger chain. I like it even better than In-N-Out. I love the shoestring fries. I love their burger patty and how thin they are. I think this is what McDonald's tasted like before they went big, then again, I wouldn't know since I wasn't around back then. I wish they would have a Freddy's near where I live.
3	Great burger & fries the custard was lacking something. Nielsens custard is way better.
5	As far as a fast Burger and shake goes, this place is tops. The fries are thin and crispy but not overdone and their frozen custard is a dream. You'll know why the shake straws are half an inch thick right away, they work perfectly for the thickness of their custard shakes.The prices aren't too high either, for the quality you get over your average fast-food place a buck or two goes a long way here.If only they had more locations, I honestly just keep forgetting this place is around because every time I go I am immediately glad I did. Their hot dogs are pretty "meh" but it is a burger place afterall, so you should be having one of those.
4	Nice place, great food and service.
5	I am posting this today, but can not remember what day I went. I know it was last month, but the place stays fresh in my mind.The food was great, the service was friendly, but they forgot to make my food! I waited about twenty minutes, but eh, not  a big deal. I was out of town for work, as I often find myself. I was in no hurry to rush back to Motel (#). Before you start to make assumptions, they really did forget to make my food. There were no orders up, and no food on the grill. I'm not sure why is happened, but when I inquired about my food it was an endless stream of apologies.The manager gave me a business card good for a free meal. I came back the next day and ate another good meal, which was only better than the first one because it was free!I like how the manager goes table to table asking how the meal is going. This is something you normally see at places that are more formal or fancy like Olive Garden.The place was so clean, it was hard to believe. I wish that there was a Freddy's near my home.
4	For a "Fast Food" style place Freddy's really impressed me. The food was tasty, the service was friendly and fast, the only thing I can even think of nitpicking is the open tables were a bit dirty but there was an employee there to wipe it down before we could sit down. Into the regular rotation for sure.
5	This is my favorite fast food style burger joint. I'd fight a (small, tired) dude for their burgers. I've tried them just about every way, but the original double with cheese is best. Onion rings are the real deal, and although I'm not a shoestring fry kind of guy, the fries are always hot, salty and tasty and are perfect for dipping by the fist full in hot sauce (*hot sauce not included).The deserts are great too, I love their custard. The Hawaiian sundae is a must have. I know, I know, you say you don't like macadamia nuts. I'm not a big fan myself, but frozen macadamias are something completly different than their room temperature counterparts. A crunchy, nutty awesomeness that I've never tasted in anything else.The service is always great too. One time we did have a bit of a mishap, while in the drive through our shakes came out long before our food. Which obviously meant that they had melted by the time we got home. My wife contacted the manager, who showed genuine concern and was nice enough to issue us a gift certificate of a surprisingly significant denomination, sufficient for a few trips back to the drive through.Contrary to what Curtis Mayfield has advised, I can assure you that Freddy is most certainly NOT dead.
2	i have ate at freddys many times and it is usually good..the food was great today,we got there when they just opened the door at 10:30..the floors were dirty and we were the first ones in and the lady taking our order was a little cranky especially when we took more than a second to decide..then she had to correct me on my verbage on the menu..i made the mistake and called it a meal( meaning with fries and drink) i was sternly corrected and told it was a #3...lol forgive my ignorance!!! probably wont be back for a while..foods is good but not good enough to put up with attitude from staff!!
4	Love the tiny fries.
4	I typically do not like shoestring fries but Freddy's are very good. Everything else on the menu is pretty good too. I like that the burgers are not typical of fast food places. The thin patties remind me more of what you get from a diner. Oh and the frozen custard shakes are much better than the ones at Culvers.
4	Toasted Coconut Concrete with Vanilla Base. Period.
2	I did not like the food here i think its overpriced for the veggie burger you get cause there shore isnt any meat on it . Our burger patties was so thin  it looked like the crust of the burger that sticks to the pan after you flip it like they scraped it off and slapped it on a bun. My five year old boy was still hungry after eating it. Although i am impressed by their custard! It is the best thing they got going!
4	had to hit freddy's after my disappointment with culver'slove this place! great steak burgers and custard!
5	First time here!  Great food. Atmosphere and employees. Definitely coming back. The double steakhouse California style with a chocolate waffle cone for dessert.
3	Like a steak and shake. Good fries. Mediocre oreo ice cream bar.
3	Love love love the custard
4	I love the thin fries and the burgers are good too.Another decent fast food chain.This store is clean.Staff is friendly.Have never wronged me by shorting me an item in drive thru.Great chain.
4	Solid burger and rings.
3	Delightful frozen yoghurt at at unbeatable price - a mini sundae for three bucks and plenty for two to share. I can't rave the same about the unfriendly service though...my cashier  had  crabby pants and  had the look of a snapper turtle. Oh well...Life goes on!Their French fries looked fantastic and YES, OUI, SI - I will be back for those...and maybe a burger also...
4	Freddy's is not bad at all and the prices are reasonable. The burger is acceptably good and the shoestring fries are also on par.Some of the employees were not that excited to be there when we went, but that didn't take too much away from the experience. Freddy's has good cheap food and for that I shall return!
5	This is my new go to spot when on the west side. I had the California style burger and it was really really good. The seasoning on the patty is perfect and I like that the buns are buttered and toasted. The fries were also really good and loved the fry sauce they have to dip them in. Had an oreo chocolate ice cream sandwich to top off the meal and it was the perfect ending. Restaurant was clean, reasonably priced and the service was quick and friendly. Fingers crossed they open a Scottsdale location in the future.
5	This place deserves some credit. At first I thought the price was a little high but the mountain of food made up for it. Great crispy fries and the steak burger wasn't half bad, it actually tasted like steak. Didn't get a chance to try the sweets but my sons hotdog was great as we're my wife chili cheese fries. The cherry on top for me was having Code red as a selection in the fountain drinks. Freddy's = The best fast food I've ever had.
5	"I tried this place again and the food was and services was very good. Glad I did!"
5	In a nutshell: 50's style, shoestring fries requires their fry's sauce, yummmmmmm.  Delish burgers and the Oreo Custard Cookie. Frozen Custard you might ask?  Smoother texture.  Just like ice cream  but made with eggs in addition to cream and sugar.  Ah la gourmet as if it was hand churned, much richer. Smiles all around. :)
2	The burgers are sloppy, the meat has almost no flavor, and whomever thought shoestring fries were a good idea needs to be slapped. I don't think that there was a single enjoyable thing to my visit here and I don't see myself ever returning. Even McDonalds seasons their meat.....
5	Delicious! We make sure to stop here when we visit from San Diego.
5	Love this place; great food and they really care about keeping their customers happy :)
4	Shoe string French fries, need I say more?  Thin, crunchy little delights.  oh, and the burger isn't bad either.  Stop by on a Friday evening, and there are usually some old cars to check out in the parking lot.
5	Love this place, Come here usually late night summer when I want to have something cold! I love their turtle sundaes
5	The burger and dog combo is a winner. I'm not usually a fry guy but I definitely get them here. I am never disappointed at Freddy's!
3	Why people are so high on this place is something I don't understand. The food doesn't stand out in any particular way while costing more than it really should. I think 3 stars is a generous assessment when considering the mediocrity of the food combined with the above-average prices.
4	Little diner-style burger joint that I personally prefer over any burger restaurant that has a drive through. Also, Freddys is one of few burger drive throughs around that offers a vegetarian burger combo.Steak burgers are thin and stacked to create a traditional sized burger, shoe string french fries salted and "fry sauce" for dipping. "freddy's sauce" (1000 island) and freddy's seasoning are always branded flavors of the reetaurant. If you're in the area, on a time crunch, give it a go! Good stuff indeed!
3	We were hot & tired from a day outside and wanted a quick bite.Unfortunately the grilled chicken sandwich is the only remotely "healthy" options though no wheat bun option.  The chicken was an actual chicken breast, not processed chicken.My hunny got the beef hot dog and ate it in 3 bites.I would have rather had the turtle sundae!
2	Went here the day they opened, expecting something at least on par with In-n-Out. Boy, was I disappointed. The burger was falling apart on the bun, and not in a good way, a la the meat being tender. No, there were small bits falling off from the burger, which itself was dry and lacking flavor, even with cheese and bacon on it. The fries? Whoever thought shoestring fries was a good idea needs to be fired. Worst fries I ever had, overcooked and under-seasoned. I would understand this if they were insanely busy on opening day, but they weren't. Aside from a couple other families, we were the only ones in the shop.The only thing saving this place from one-star purgatory is the custard. Got a lot of it for the price; cone was huge, custard was delicious, but I suppose that's hard to screw up. With two other great places on Bell to get a delicious burger, I'm never coming back here. Very disappointing waste of money.
5	Thank so much to Freddy's! You really know how to make a guy feel at home. I just moved here from St. Louis. There is this place called Carl's Drive in back home... No not Carl's Jr.. That I was sorely sad about leaving. Well your burger put that sadness to sleep. Tastes just like theirs. Thank you again.
5	okay soooo I hate ice cream and everything that comes with it...but when it comes to Freddys custards its a musttttttt before leaving Arizona! Its amazing beyond amazing! Always welcoming staff and great food. Simple and clean.
5	First time coming here and it was delicious. I recommend it for the whole family. The burgers were fresh and seasoned well. The chicken tenders my daughter had were tasty. The custards were amazing as well. Great place for a burger friendly service and a great meal. Can't beat that
5	Great place...good food and friendly staff. We stopped in one day, my daughter just had a birthday and asked if they would sing to her. They said by policy they do not do this. Well, while we were eating out came 5 or 6 staff members and they sang happy birthday to her with a free birthday custard!!! Needless to say she was very happy!!! GREAT job to Freddy's!!
3	Stopped by on a whim and I was not disappointed.  Had the single burger and fries and they were fresh and yummy. Definitely will be trying them again.
5	I hadn't been here in a long time since I had not been in the area. I am sooo glad that I remembered to eat here while I was in Phoenix. Best burgers I have had in a very long time. I really like the fresh thin patties as opposed to the super monster patties made out of question mark meat that gets served at so many fast food joints these days. I like simple, old fashioned tastes and this place is right on point with their burgers and fries.
4	Holy Cow this place is good!!! The steakburger is so basic but perfectly done and the vanilla custard shake is pure heaven. Why the crappy fries Freddy?? Why???
4	This place is pretty good haven't had a bad experience yet always gets the food out and the employees are very polite burgers are delicious!
4	This place is so good for satisfying a burger craving. The meat has always been juicy and vegetables are fresh. The shoestring fries are the best though. The desserts/sundaes are okay, not too remarkable.
5	Fantastic place, the Double Bacon Steakburger is my favorite so far. Burgers here are very customizable to suit your taste buds. The employees are very friendly and helpful. Only received a wrong order from here one time, however it was resolved with ease, and I received a coupon for the mix up. One time I received a free sample on their caramel turtle sundae out of the blue. All in all it's a well rounded burger joint. I Highly recommend it.
5	I went here last week or late the week prior. The food was as good as ever.  My wife tried their green chili burger and it was out of this world. The best in Phoenix! In fact it was so good that I went there again last night with plans of ordering it. Unfortunately the promotion ended the day before and the burger was no more. I must say I was disappointed and ordered something else. What I got was delicious but it just wasn't what I'd set my sights on. I must implore Freddy's to bring that green chili burger back or at the very least allow someone to order the toppings ala carte.  With that out of the way, the food is fantastic and the prices are well below what I'd expect.  You can't go wrong coming here for a meal.
5	We ordered the single cheeseburger, double patty melt, Hawaiian, and peanut butter cup with banana sundaes.  Sandwiches were very tasty and flavorful. The fries were cooked to the perfect crisp, and the custards were delicious and smooth. The entire staff was polite and helpful. We felt very welcomed and comfortable during our visit. Thanks for the hospitality and good food. We'll be back if we pass through this area again.
4	First time visitor on 10/02/2014 (1340 N. Litchfield, Goodyear, AZ).Great Bacon Double Cheese Combo...!Loved the burger and shoestring fries with the fry sauce.Pre-formed grilled chicken patty (not very good).However, I'll be returning.Very friendly and helpful staff.
3	This place is pretty meh for the price. The steak-burger patties are VERY thin. I do not have a huge appetite and I could easily eat a triple-burger. Shoestring fries are OK if that's your thing. I prefer a little more sustenance. Frozen custard, same thing. Good for what it is, but too rich for my taste buds.
3	Excellent desserts and fries with good serviceI had never seen a Freddy's until moving to Phoenix.  Turns out that it's a nice add to the list of faster food options.While the burgers are good, they are indeed thin.  Compared to the big wad of food some places give you, it may even seem skimpy.  But, it's a welcomed change for those trying to not stuff themselves.That said, our family is a fan of Freddy's dessert concretes/sundaes, chicken tenders, and fries .  Excellent on all, especially the PBC&C and Turtle concretes.A bit pricier that your MickeyD or B-King, but we like it better.  They at least commit to not pre-cooking everything.  And the service is usually much nicer.
5	Lunch at Freddy's is always always a treat. Love well-done thin patties and fries to kill for!
5	Always love eating here! Great service great food and the kids love it! Big plus in my book!
4	We loved it a must when in Glendale!!! A little crowded but that's a sign it was good. Best hamburger in Glendale!!!
5	It is a very good option if you want to eat a rich burger, they are of very good quality and exquisite taste. The home is entertaining and very well located; always busy, but the wait is not long. We arrived several recommendations and the truth which is great. We will recommend.
4	Great food good value and a great hang out. Every few weeks a group from my church goes there for custurd and chili fries. Seriously people this place is great in all aspects!
4	This place is like is like Culver's though the burgers are a little better and the fries are much much better! If I am going to shorten my life with fried foods, it will be at places like Freddys,
