5	I went at night around 11pm on a Saturday, and it was by far one of the best bars I've ever been in.  You simply cannot find something similar in NY.  It was trendy, upbeat, chic, with an attractive crowd of people and affable waiters, all without being pretentious in the least.My friends and I ordered exotic mixed drinks made with fresh fruits; they were moderately priced but got to the table quickly, even with it being completely packed.  The decor was artistic, chic, and modern.  There was a live DJ in the back spinning some really great music, while a projector splashed avant-garde film clips across one of the walls, somehow meshing with the synthe-y music quite nicely.  After we paid our bill, I chatted with the DJ to get the name of a song he played as well as some tips for good nightlife.  Try finding that in New York.
4	Great place for 3 girls to get their night started on the right foot- techno beats, great drinks, and lots of cute boys to look but not touch.  Why not touch? because most of them appead to not swing our way. (Catch my drift)Extensive menu of yummy food and drinks and quick friendly service.LOVE!
3	We were seated on the patio at Saloon, which gave us an opportunity to watch the diverse sidewalk traffic of Montreal's gay neighbourhood.  The food was good.  Jason and I shared calamari and shrimp appys.  He had steak et frites for dinner and I had penne putanesca.The serving staff were charming and attentive.
5	The food was excellent, the drinks were strong, the waiters were all gay and gorgeous. My friend and I stumbled upon this place our first night in Montreal and our waiter was extremely friendly and suggested all the places to go. It was a great start to one of the best vacations I've been on. Every time I am back in Montreal I am sure to come here to eat. It's really nice in the warm months too when outdoor seating is available.
4	We went to brunch at this restaurant, nestled in the "Village" distinct of Montreal. I'd read up a little on this district so you aren't too surprised by passing some store fronts featuring S&M activities. Tip: the restaurant is just called "Saloon" on the door, but written in letters and numbers, so we walked by it a few times before we actually decided it was where we intended to dine.I was impressed with the service (very speedy and very nice) and the decor. who doesn't want to have breakfast with a disco ball and a cowboy theme?My dining companion and I both had versions of Eggs Benedict. the Italian version was tasty and served with crispy potatoes (potentially deep fried) and berries.  the other version that we ordered was salmon and caper Benedict, also tasty. The only thing I would suggest is perhaps removing some of the tables, maybe every other table. It was a little snug and as the table next to us got up to leave i swear the guy's little tush was inches from the rest of my breakfast.
5	Had a great Sunday brunch as a heterosexual couple, at the bar. The bar server was such an eye candy, and also very efficient waiter. Breakfast hamburger has a very pretty presentation. Nice atmosphere
3	Cool restaurant in the heart of "The Village". I had a great experience, and would recommend it to adults. You can have great fun especially during the summer.
4	I must admit I LOVE LOVE LOVE Saloon. Ok, I might be a very gay man with a very gay boyfriend but I just LOVE Saloon Bistro! Nestled in between Priape (gay man's superstore), UNITY (gay hotspot), and other cute little restaurants (most of which are independent non-chainy operations) Saloon caters to the gay men and lesbians of Montreal, and their fabulous friends. This is probably the 'gayest' restaurant in Montreal--although the Village Diner down the street gives it a run for its money. The decor is really on point and trendy, perfect for a design conscious gay man like myself (ha!). The food is also scrumptious, best described as 'Canadian comfort food,' with a healthy selection of unique burger creations and other filling options like pasta with a Montreal twist. My boyfriend had the Chicken tempura burger which was so delicious! The chicken breast itself was actually tempura-ed! How fun! I had the 'mec' burger--for all you non-francophones mec means like 'dude' or 'guy' in French--so I felt a little manly eating this burger... only a little, lets not get carried away... as it had a nice big helping of 1/4 pound of beef topped with caramelized onions, lettuce, cheese, and 'secret sauce' which I think was a mix between spicy mayo and 1000 Islands salad dressing. Nonetheless it was really tasty. Like most places in Montreal the fries were great. I love Montreal fries, they're all 'frites'-style which I love. I mean the real reason people go here is not for the food--even though it is good--but rather because its surrounded by other fab gay guys. I saw perhaps one of the hunkiest guys I've seen in a long time sitting next to me (and my boyfriend, woops! shouldn't be looking ;)). And its clear that many people come here for the people-watching and eye-candy. But it is definitely not a pick-up joint if thats what you're thinking. There is no 'tunnel' downstairs or 'black room' in back, keep it clean people. Le Parking is down the street for that sort of thing! But there is nothing better than a 'gay' restaurant that gets it right. Too often all these gay restaurants just hope the patrons will flock to it because its in the Village. But as other restaurants in Toronto's 'Church and Wellesley' neighbourhood has shown, just because your gay doesn't mean your fabulous. Good job to Saloon who have been able to make it work for nearly a decade. American gays: come here to experience Montreal's gay scene. Straights: fear not we do not bite ... hard.
4	Only had dinner once here and i friggin' died over the Iceberg Salad with blue cheese. It's seriously so good. Once of the best salads i've ever had. Ambiance is cool, loud house music, amazing sangrias. In the summer there's an outdoor patio where i've had drinks before. Fun spot.
4	Great place! There's a fun hip vibe around the room. The service was attentive and friendly. The pitcher of sangria was really tasty. The menu offers something for everyone. I wanted to try a few things and settled for the club sandwich. If I have to complain it will be about the genius cook who decided it was ok to use stale rye bread to hold a giant sandwich together. Within a minute my first piece disintegrated in my hand. The bottom fell right out and I was left with a handful of chicken, tomato, bacon, and mayo in my hand. Bread all over my pants. The waiter was nice enough to have the remainder rebuilt with a hamburger bread. Despite this I gave it 4 stars and will certainly go back.
1	THEY DO NOT LIKE TOURISTS HERE, APPARENTLY.The food here was good. The drink(!) we each had was good. But we will never go here again.I came here with 5 friends for brunch while on vacation from the states last Sunday, it was highly recommended by a local friend with excellent taste. We were seated at a table upstairs with no other patrons (we did not think this was odd, given the size of our group, but the place was not that busy).We each ordered a drink (2 bloody marys, 3 mimosas) and received them about a half hour later. We gave our food orders at this point - it took awhile as they said they had no English menus and did not offer help, so we spent much time googling French/English translations. This is likely what set the waiter off (sorry to exist, you xenophobe...). An hour and a half later, we got our food, spare our second drink orders, and my order was wrong (I am a vegetarian and asked for my meal without ham, no problem he said in perfect english...). 20 minutes later while my friends eat, they come back and I tell him the issue, but by now it's been too long to wait for another order so I just order toast. He brings the toast with the bills, but brings no knife to spread the jam. We tensely paid the bills with him there, and left the majority of our meals behind. We could not wait to get out.I ALWAYS tip 20 percent or higher, and this was the first time I did not tip at all. None of us did, and we are all normally heavy tippers. Absolutely infuriating.Maybe it's great for the locals, but this was total bulls**t. We never did get our second order of drinks, and it wasted over 2 hours of our time. Ridiculous. There is some irony in a western-themed place that is anti-US/English, isn't there?
4	The BEST..I mean BEST french onion soup I have ever had.Service was cute and fairly attentive.  They were drinking shots most of the night with a patron at another table, but kept me happy.  Food was good.  Not great...but good.  Except the french onion soup.  WOW.  Guiness Beer base.  DeliciousBathroom was also one of the best in Montreal!  Love the cleanliness and mirrors!  Check it out
3	Well what do you say, it is always hopping,,,,burgers and salads...FRESH, obviously high food turnover, the place is usually packed.  I personally don't see what the hype is ???? Fast, easy, casual.....good service...it gets my vote.
4	What a fun place to enjoy a burger with good friends. The service was really slow though. If you plan on having more than one drink you should probably order all of them at once, it just takes way too long. The food, however, was pretty good. I had a bleu cheese burger and fries, served on a slab of wood which made eating a little awkward but was pretty cute.The atmosphere is very fun yet relaxing at the same time, kind of glad we sat inside!
1	I go to Montreal every year for vacation and I tend to love everything about it. The food is wonderful, the people are friendly, the atmosphere is beautiful. Then I went to Le Saloon.If you're an Anglophone, avoid this place. A group of friends and I were recommended this place by a Francophone as a great place for brunch and cocktails. When we got there, we were seated in an inconvenient and out of the way second floor with no air conditioning on a very hot day. Even though we were sweating like oxen, we decided to try and make the best of it. However, their brunch menu was French only, and when we asked if there was an English-language menu, our waiter said no. Nonplussed, we did all of the work ourselves, translating every single item we wanted, since he did not try to help us once he knew we spoke no French. We ordered everything in French as best we could, along with drinks.The food and drinks were good, don't get me wrong. Everything else was awful. The waiter, who appeared to be afflicted with an attitude problem wherein he spoke perfectly serviceable English but chose to act like a buffoon out of a commitment to outright snobbery, took half an hour to even come back with our drinks and take our orders. The restaurant was nowhere near busy enough to warrant this, mind you. 45 minutes later, we got our order, which was chock full of meat that we had specifically, in French, requested be left off of it for our vegetarian friends in the party, rendering the food uneatable. Finally, after ordering a second round of drinks to stave off the heat, half an hour of being ignored convinced us to cancel the outstanding order and have our checks brought to the table.Let me make one thing clear. I tip. I tip 20% across the board, unless the service is bad enough to dip below that or stellar enough to warrant more. The service was so half-assed and passive-aggressive that I broke this rule and didn't tip a cent. If I could subtract my tip from the total I would have felt somewhat assuaged.In closing, I hope I don't have to point out the hilarity of a cowboy-themed bar being insulted that awful Americans would grace their establishment. Nice to see our culture is good enough for you to structure your business around but our money isn't good enough for you to put any effort towards earning.
3	Came here with the conference people...not a bad place in the heart of the gay village.  Bit warm upstairs.
5	Definitely a top choice when visiting Montreal's gay village!  My friends and I make at least one visit here on each trip!  Their brunch is TO DIE FOR - and their champagne cocktail menu has flavors I never expected!  I had a white cranberry mimosa and couldn't get enough of it!! DELICIOUS!  Staff is always very friendly and bilingual!  Will be back soon!
2	I had the burget and it was OK. Found it a bit dry, but still overall tasty. The calamari was good and a large portion.I do not recommend the poutine. The gravy ruined it.
1	This was the first time I came to this place at night and it was a crapshoot. We waited a good five minutes to be seated, another twenty to get an English menu for my anglo only friend and all of it came with reprehensible attitude. They can't command their price premium with service like this.
5	Great service!   Great food!   I order General Tso's chicken-  It was the BEST!   I also tasted to my friends' order, really outstanding!   I highly recommend to go for dinner!
4	We were greeted at Saloon, and were seated with the English menus. No questions asked. Our waiter was nice, attentive, and pointed out any extras that increased the price. This was my last meal in Montreal (brunch), and I went hard. I had the cowboy burger, poutine, and a pint of beer. All were really tasty, especially the burger patty.My favorite part about Saloon is the atmosphere. It's open for brunch quite early on the weekends, but looks like you're eating eggs in the middle of a club. Love the disco ball above the bar and stallions on the walls
1	Good decor, great toilets, horrible food and bad  attitude from Martin the waiter in my section.The decor was nice and the toilet beautiful.Food was horrible, I ordered pizza it was dry, very dry..still to my dog' taste,  is very dry,, but.according to Martin (cute hairy waiter)  this is the way or NO way...Worse place to go if not part of the gay dream...Cheers!
4	Came here after searching for a restaurant that was open on New Years Day. It looked poppin' so we gave it a try. The service was quick and the waiter was really nice. I had the onion soup which was loaded with cheese. Like serious cheese. By the end of my meal I had a huge chunk of cheese left over because there was much more cheese than soup itself. I also ordered dumplings and the panko shrimp. Those were just okay. I definitely feel like this place is a bit overpriced. The food is decent and so is the service. The atmosphere is really an experience though. Also the restroom is smaller than an airplane bathroom so be aware of that when you go.
4	Thoroughly enjoyed my experience here ;]]. My friends and I were trying to find a place to eat with good atmosphere, food, and drinks--this place had it all.  My food was good and came out quicker than most of the restaurants I've been to in Montreal so far. It is a bit overpriced [hence no 5 star], but their hot-as-fux male waitstaff more than made up for it. Very nice and responsive and HOT.  Would come back for the eyed candies any effing day.  ^_^v
3	Stopped here late on a Sunday evening. The biggest benefit is that this is one of the few places in the Village that's open later (or at all) on Sunday.The vibe is very hip and the decor matches. Most entrees are $15-20 and upwards.I had one of the pasta dishes (Scooby Doo a Chorizo) which was pretty tasty, if a bit lacking in sauce. I was a bit shocked, though, that a pint of beer was $9! Overall, not a bad place. There are probably better priced options within walking distance, but pickings are slim on a Sunday night.
1	i used to be a fan but after my last experience here... I'm thinking its time to scout another resto in the village! now, their are many to choose from... too bad this one lost its luster!I normally have the Ibiza salad, which is a greek salad with chicken but Ibiza is   in Spain... that s another story, I was shocked to see a salad was $21!!! wtf... and its not even that amazing!!this night I had the saloon burger, one of their staple burgers... a no brainer, but the bread was dry and crumbling, the meat was precooked and overcooked! My friend had a burger too, same issue with the meat and bun... but he had a poutine! I had a taste of the poutine, it was disgusting and had no flavor...Mcdonalds makes a better poutine!I think its time to get back to the basics and become a restaurant instead a wannabe resto-club!
1	Overprice and OverratedI was here on a Friday for lunch. The service was abnormally slow as it took the waiter over half hour to bring us our drinks.  The nachos were worse than the ones at Kelsey's - barley any cheddar cheeseThe drinks were weak and the fries were super, super greasy!I will never go here again!
4	Enjoyed Brunch during Pride. Our waiter was really nice, and the atmosphere was a blast.  Considering they are known for being a bar, the food was decent, lots of choice.  Patio is beautiful and they have an English menu and a list of cocktails including mimosas and ceasers.  Good times and lots of fun happening in the streets!
1	This place is just highly over rated! Really! The food is mediocre, drinks are weak, obnoxiously loud without reason, over staffed and slow service. Lets not forget the over priced tag that comes with all the above mentioned. It's unfortunate that my fellow queers are mesmerized by flashy objects and lights - as this is the only appeal to this place that I can see. Do yourself a favor and use Yelp as it was intended and find yourself a better restaurant.
