4	Easy quick call. Had a cooooouupppoon lol and they accepted it no problem. 15 mins and it was ready. good deal
1	We ordered a pizza for pickup, I went into the store to pick it up.  This is CRAZY........  I stood there at the cash register for 5 minutes and watched all the employees running around filling orders, making pizza's etc.  Finally one of the pizza delivery guys asked me if I had been helped, I said "NO, I'm just waiting to pick up my pizza and wings which are sitting right there" he looked at me and started packing up his pizza's for delivery.  So then another 2 minutes goes by and the same guy asked me again if I had been helped, again I said NO!!!!  Then he ignored me, grabbed his pizza's and left.  At this time I still have not been helped, there were 10 employees but no one would acknowledge me!!!!  Finally I got someone's attention and said I have a pickup that has been sitting there that is probably cold, he gave me the pizza and wings but forgot to give me the liter bottle of coke.  Good gosh, drove all the way home and had to go back again and get the soda.By the way the wings looked and tasted terrible!!!!Not sure if we will be back.
4	I've never had a problem with this place - not when I've ordered online, not when I've ordered on the phone, not when I've called an order in, not when I've done carryout, and not when I've done delivery.Good pizza. Get a coupon and you can get a good deal.
4	This location is fast and nearby.  I usually order pizza and wings and its always good.  I always order with my phone app and it is easy to use and never had any problems.  When the app says it's ready I go to the store and it is waiting for me.  Staff is friendly and quick. I know that there is better pizza out there but sometimes I don't want to wait long or I just want to stay at home.  Domino's is good for those days.
1	I ordered the Philly cheese steak with extra meat and cheese. OMG, if this is extra meat then I can't imagine how little meat the normal sandwich has. Almost $10 for a sandwich, it better be amazing. It wasn't. Skip it.
5	Since new owners took place  in 2014 , the delivery time and customer service has increased drastically. I  was not ordering from this location because of poor customer service.,  had a conversation with new owners, Have ordered 4 -5  times since new ownership and no problems. Always loved Dominos , glad to be able to order locally. very impressed with the changes.
5	Love the Domino's Pizza Tracker with the parrot!  This is keeping the kids from asking me how much longer is it every 5 minutes!  GREAT IDEA!
2	At the end of the day, its a pizza like substance.
