4	Let me start by saying:  I hate dry cleaning.  I usually go out of my way to avoid clothes that strictly require it.  Due to the chemicals and smell associate with them, I usually go a short while between dragging my work pants to these types of places. Granted, I occasionally use Dryel at home in the dryer, but when I want a more thorough, "I spilled coffee all over my wool pants" or "my sweater smells like a wet dog" type of cleaning, I go here. Price wise I think they're on par with most places in Charlotte, maybe a tad higher - but one of the major perks of this place is the "green" dry cleaning that they do.  I'm not really sure what makes it eco-friendly.  It just smells...fresher than say, the expected, flammable chemicals odor. I've also had a few pairs of pants altered and they were extremely reasonable and quick. The only downside - it's in the Metropolitan shopping complex.  But at least if you muster the strength to park in the parking deck, you can find an excuse to eat, drink or shop elsewhere.
1	Avoid going here. The customer service if horrible and the quality of their work is extremely poor. If they were the last cleaners in Charlotte I would drive out of town to find another place to go before I went to them again!The woman who owns the place has a really NASTY attitude. Rude and nasty... oh and expensive. That's how I would sum it up!
1	TERRIBLE SERVICE!!!!Metropolitan Cleaners has to be the worst cleaners in Charlotte... For starters let's touch on the rude and unappreciative lady/wife/owner whatever who works there. The first few visits I thought they were busy or just brief with customers but I was wrong... I picked up my clothing at 5:15 on a Wed and anyone who has been to the Metropolitan will tell you it's not an easy in and out. Once inside I was the only customer there and still no sign of appreciation for my business, just hurried through checkout.  Turns out there may have been a reason she was rushing to get me out of there... They lost a pair of my brand new $175 pants!!!       I thought maybe an honest mistake at first, whatever... When I brought it to the attention of Met Cleaners the next day they were not even opened on time AND I had to bring another shirt to have it re-pressed for obvious creases on the front. Finally a young guy was dropped off by a mini van in front of the store at 7:10am, I'm nearly late for work. The poor kid had no idea what was going on...I gave them 3 weeks to try to find the pants!!!      I went back in to see if anything showed up... Nothing... The lady was rude as hell and attempted to accuse me of loosing my own pants. The clothing sits on the hangers in my closet exactly how I pulled the plastic off... 2 pair of pants to start 1 pair after Metropolitan Cleaners did their magic act...Save yourself the trouble and go to Longs up the street... It will be worth it...
1	The service and quality were so terrible here, I nearly blocked it from my memory.  I took in a pair of nude peep toe heels to have the heel replaced, and also a skirt to have altered in the waist.  I returned to pick up my items, and the heels had been replaced with BLACK heel tips, when the originals had been  tan colored.  I explained to the owner that I needed this to be changed, as nude shoes with black heel tips looks ridiculous.  He said that was "very rare and hard to come by."  Needless to say, I took my shoes and had them properly repaired at Dean's without a blink of an eye.The skirt remains in possession of Met Cleaners.  I tried on my newly altered pencil skirt to find that not only could I not zip it up, the seam was huge and bulky.  Like a pillow I made in interior design class in the 9th grade.  I have not had any clothing dry cleaned here, but i will assure you that I won't be setting foot in this shop again.  The Met has a lot to offer, but it can be stressful enough.  Don't waste your precious sanity (or MONEY) here.
1	This is the absolute worst shoe repair EVER! I took a pair of leather heels to be polished and to have a sole put on the bottom. When I picked them up there were holes in the insole of my shoe!!! Took them back. They tried to fill the hole and replaced with a horrible white insole! When I tried them on, I could not even get my foot in the shoe. He then told me he would stretch them. Lets just say that did not work! I feel I should have been reimbursed the total of my shoe not just the cost if the services I asked for. The customer service is horrible and I was blamed for the extra work that the man ha to do when clearly it was his fault there were holes in the insole of my shoe! I WILL NEVER RETURN AND I SUGGEST NO ONE EVER GO HERE!!!!
1	Awful. I brought in a pair of $200 jeans to be hemmed. When you bring in an expensive pair of jeans to be hemmed you don't want the bottom to be hacked off and simply folded over and sewn up. The jeans are totally ruined. It looks like something I could of done myself
