4	So, let's be clear - I hate working out.  I don't like to break a sweat.  I don't like to run, or row, or lift weights.  However, it has recently come to my attention that after having children and passing 30 that I just might not be able to eat whatever I want and stay skinny forever.  I might actually have to work for it.  Lame.Since OrangeTheory was opening up this brand spankin' new location right by my house, I figured that I would try it out.  While I can't exactly say that I "enjoyed" myself... I do think that they do a great job running the workouts.  Their trainers were upbeat and did a nice job adjusting my movements so I didn't hurt myself.  If you like gym-type workouts, but need the structure and push of a trainer to get you to the next level (or even just off the couch), definitely give them a go.
3	Happy Valley is considered my official home since I signed up with them while they were still under construction. I attended a free class at the Paradise Valley location to see what I was getting myself into.  I quickly realized my Insanity workouts at home have nothing on OTF.   Energizing, exciting and 1 hour goes by so fast. I would never work out for that long on my own. I've been eagerly awaiting for this location to open.  It finally has and  it's been just A-OK. Make sure you understand what you are being billed for.   My first class was never confirmed even though I signed up at their grand opening.  After I let them know that I had also called to confirm they did return my call to apologize and explained they had a few glitches signing people up and they encouraged using the mobile app.  I get it, they are new, probably overwhelmed  but taking phone appointments should be important also. Keep in mind they had multiple phone numbers available on their flyers prior to their grand opening so use their main line only. Classes fill up quick, so sometimes you have the option to be on the wait list. They will call you to let you know if you've made the class.  A week ago, it was 30 min before the class started and I assumed I didn't make the class since I had not received a confirmation call.  Next thing you know, my phone rings that there is room in the class.  I was ecstatic, yet scrambling to make the class on time.  Yesterday I was on the wait list for the 4:30pm class and never received a call, so I was bummed I now had to see if there was another class available. I called the location and they did confirm the class was full, however, they encouraged me to show up anyway as people don't  show up for their classes which makes room for the wait list.  I explained that I don't live that  close and for me to drive out  there only to possibly be turned away is not worth the trip. Their next avail class with no wait list was 7pm. With that said, I called the Arrowhead location and they just opened their location a few weeks ago. They had a class available at 5:45pm. They signed me up over the phone, no wait list and had a great work out. I've realized the wait list is probably not the best option for me, it feels like I'm in limbo and I like to plan ahead.  Luckily, I now have two locations to choose from but I'd like to give OTF- Happy Valley the benefit of the doubt.   I want to LOVE this location but I'm just not there yet.
5	If you have not tried a workout at Orangetheory yet, you should! Always feel so good about myself when I leave! The concept for rowers, trx and interval cardio is great! Love the monitors and knowing my heart rate and the number of calories I burned! The trainers here do a fantastic job motivating the class! Well worth the money!
5	Absolutely love this location!!!! I've been going to OTF for 2 years & when I moved a few months ago I was a little nervous to start at a different location (I had started at the PV location & quickly moved over to mayo because of the staff). As soon as I walked in the door Dane welcomed me & was very helpful. I was really impressed that before the class they would talk about upcoming classes/events & do an injury check so they could help you modify your workout.I've had classes with Sean, Cassandra, & Tony and they have all been great!! I have to say that Tony is my favorite though. His workouts are really structured & easy to follow along with (I'm super clumsy ) ... Oh and they also kick my butt! :) I am always in  orange/red in his classes. The only thing I would change is the treadmills...I was spoiled with fans at the other locations & I've found it a little more challenging to run without them.Anyone looking to try OTF should come to this location!!
5	I wish this location was closer to me and had more availability! I find classes fill up so quickly, even far out in advance. Which on the positive side, is a good sign of a great gym with great trainers! I've been to a few locations and this one is the best by far!Not only do I find myself in the orange zone (and even red) more often than any other location, I notice that pretty much everyone in the class is in either orange or red. Another very good sign of the workouts and trainers that facilitate them. My absolute favorite trainers are Tony and Dane. They have a natural talent of being able to push you without trying too hard. They are so good at motivating you to execute their workout, you walk out knowing you got an efficient workout under your belt for the day. And even though they are challenging, you make it through somehow. Not everyone has that knack to get a room full of people wanting to push through and face the challenge. These two have that knack!If you are looking for a place to get in an efficient and effective workout, try out their one week free trial. you will not be disappointed!
4	Had a bit of a rough start with my first few sessions: overcrowded class, broken equipment. Now, over two months later I can say this is the best workout I've had without a personal trainer. Your really need to have some discipline to push yourself. (I need discipline to get out of bed!) The best part of the workout for me is the heart monitor stats being projected. I like to guess who's who. ;)
5	I went to a free class with my coworker and loved it. Some background on me I have been working out with trainers for 3 years. I have used diet plans, HCG, weight loss clinics, prescription drugs, injections, fat burners and have even met with a plastic surgeon who told my only option was a tummy tuck. I officially started OTF Sept 22 and in one month I feel like my body has completely changed. I have lost no weight but my before and after speaks for itself. I go 4 x a week. It's expensive. There's no child care. But if you look for excuses you can find them with anything. I can't wait for the moon valley location to open up.
