5	Has anyone noticed how samey card shops are getting these days? A lot of them are catching on to the Paper Chase trend or indie whimsy, and consequently end up running the same race.By proxy I expected more of the same from Paper Tiger, but I was pleasantly surprised. What a pretty shop! From the knitted Moomins to the gorgeous decorative wrap, there were so many offerings I've never seen in card shops before. There were some beautiful, shiny, sketchy notebooks that are too pretty to vandalise with notes, and crafty kits to get people started on anything from sewing to doodling! They had some really cute reprinted Ladybird sewing guides, and a number of books ranging from urban stencil slides to step-by-step vintage shopping manuals.If you were locked in the shop with the right materials, you would find enough to occupy you for a week. As well as selling lovely, quirky little gift ideas (such as frighteningly lifelike peanut shaped erasers) Paper Tiger also inspire customers of all ages to get wrapped up in crafty projects.In an age of corporacy and commerciality, businesses (especially smaller ones) have to clamour over each other to stand out. Paper Tiger trumps the lot by standing out and selling adorable, gorgeous stock for young and old alike. The staff are friendly, its petite and easy to work out, and I have not a bad word to say about it.
5	I really like Paper Tiger and so it seems do my fellow Edinburgh citizens; this place is a bit of an institution. There is an excellent selection of cards and stationary, with some useless knick knacks like chocolate ladybirds thrown in for good measure (I love useless knick knacks). I have been known to make mad dashes in here on my lunch break to buy birthday cards, it takes no longer than a couple of minutes and I always leave with something quirky and interesting that gets complimented.  Paper Tiger knocks the socks off every other purveyor of paper based goods, you need never darken the doorway of Clintons or Hallmark again.
4	This little place is not like normal stationary shops. Dare I say it - it's cute. No wait, quaint is better. Its got some really cool stuff in it, little trinkets and bits and bobs as well as books that are always pretty nice to have a look at. It's the type of shop I would come for a unique and special gift, because that pretty much describes the shop itself.It can seem a little on the expensive side, meaning that I am yet to come in here and see something that I have to have - despite really liking everything I see!
5	If there's one thing you know about me, yelpers, it is that I love stationary.  It's my Achilles! I can spend a fortune in here quite happily!As has been said before me, Paper Tiger is such a cute shop! I often come along Lothian road for this shop alone.It  is such a lovely shop! Very cool - I always feel ultra sophisticated in here. I like to picture myself in here in ten years time as a yummy-mummy getting things for my high-powered job with Jonny Depp on my arm. It could happen.Seriously, Paper Tiger is my numero uno stationary stop in the city - and I love them all. This is my fav!
3	Aside from a jazzy interior, cool name and well made cards, Paper Tiger is simply a card shop. Naturally, however flamboyant this review attempts to be, ultimately I'm describing a simple card shop. You are more likely to find a suitable card than the likes of WH Smith here, the hand crafted cards and intricate designs are just that little but more up market that the standards high street names.
5	I had never heard of this store before reading the reviews about it on Yelp and I am so glad I finally managed to pay a visit because it is awesome and as a huge fan of cards and stationary this place is right up my street.Paper Tiger offers quirky cards, uber cool stationary and funky desk accessories too and I spotted a few cute desk tidies which I should probably invest in as keeping my desk orderly is not one of my strong points. I could spend hours sifting through all the cards here and they seem to have something for every occasion imaginable along with blank cards so you can make up your own occasion. I find the price of some of the items rather pricey but seeing as everything is so cool it seems worth it.I also noticed some Freitag accessories and when I lived in Germany this make is the must have item, everyone who is anyone has some kind of Freitag bag or accessory. I personally don't like it and got sick of seeing the samey products day after day but they are good quality items.
4	I absolutely love Paper Tiger! The first time I went in there I was impressed by the soothing music and the quirky stationery. They sell all sorts of giftcards and postcards as well as the funkiest wrapping paper.However, I was especially taken by their notepads with so many beautiful designs at pretty cheap prices. The problem with other stationers is that their products tend to be quite generic but Paper Tiger caters to the secondary school girl in me that wants a unique calendar!As a sidenote, their cookbooks are adorable, and you almost want to eat them!
4	Lovely little card shop, slightly on the pricey side but cards are wayyyy more classy than clinton cards crap. Has lots of little trinkets & gifts. This is always my 1st port of call if I need a card. Staff are friendly.
4	I love stationeryI love wrapping paper & ribbons & nice gift bagsI love quirky giftsall these can be found at Paper Tiger. I can loose an hour easily in this place.  The staff are really friendly and will help you look for the perfect card.  only 4 stars rather than 5 as they didn't have a "mother in law" birthday card, which is what I went in for and I spent a fortune and didn't buy what I went in for, and also 4 stars for the prices, not the cheapest but good quality.
4	Stopped in for a birthday card and ended up getting a Mother's Day card for my mum and my mother in law and a valentines card for my husband. Great selection and nice wee shop
5	Before I got into Paper Tiger I was in desperate need for a birthday present for a friend I met whilst backpacking in SE Asia. Having had an unsatisfactory treck along and around Princes Street, Paper Tiger was my last hope. Sitting on a shelf was a hammock - boom! This was to be a reminder of our hammock time away from being 'on the road'. She liked it so much she went and bought one for her boyfriend and now they happily swing in their garden together. After that I was hooked.Paper Tiger is full of things I didn't know I needed. Every time I walk in it's with a purpose of purchasing a specific thing then something catches my eye and I spend ages browsing the shelves and half an hour has gone by which is probably the longest amount of time I spend in a shop so small. So I leave with either a bag of things or a list of 'To buy on next trip'. Also I often find myself caressing beautiful book covers (I don't have a fetish btw)  and holding things close to my chest or smiling to myself. For example I went through a phase of photographing clouds - that's right, CLOUDS - I love clouds and here they have a book on clouds. There is something for almost every age from crafty things for kids to sophisticated or novelty gadgets for adults as well as a fabulous range of informative books, greetings cards and stationery to suit different needs i.e office or wedding; and moods with fun or sexy designs. They cover useful things you could never have thought of and which are hard to find anywhere else. I particularly like the travel section and buy the miniature kits which fit in your pocket and include paper soap - paper soap! I know that if i need to buy a gift for someone I can almost always pick something up here and it is always with thought and love that means more than can always be conveyed by other shops and I'd say is more likely to be kept for life.What I also like about this shop is the staff are always warm and friendly, greet you on arrival and say goodbye and seem to be pretty passionate about Paper Tiger.
4	I actually quite like Paper Tiger. It sells nice stuff, it is a bit expensive but if I wanted something quirky or for a special occasion then it is worth a visit.The cards are lovely and usually there are multiple options per occasion. I hate trying to find for example, a wedding card, as some of them are a bit soppy and pass the sick bucket - usually not me, nor what would be required for the happy couple.What lure's me in is the Tintin merchandise. My dad is a massive fan so I can get books, mugs and t-shirts here, instead of spending my two precious hours in Brussels in search of a Tintin shop (yes, I've been there, done that and bought the t-shirt and mug).So, it's cute and quirky. staff are friendly and helpful (on Saturday they measured a t-shirt for me to make sure it would be suitable) and they have a two week, money back returns policy -cool :-)
4	A great little shop for interesting books, journals, cards and stationary. Definitely worth a look!
5	One of my favourite shops in Edinburgh! I love every single little thing in this wee shop. It's sells cute stationary and gifts and nice bits and bobs. The only thing is that it's a bit pricy but still go in for a look now and again and purchase something I find :)
5	A fantastic shop for gifts and greeting cards, and anything else paper. Amazing selection and super-friendly staff. A must-go in Edinburgh!
