1	Horrible Pet Care.  As an animal lover I want the best care for my loved ones at all times.  I felt like I was in a used car lot by the time I left this place.  The vet was smug and uninterested in my pets concerns.  Their primary concern was up-selling unnecessary tests and products.  Literally 2 min was spent on examining the actual pet and 45 min was spent trying to sell me very expensive dog food and random blood tests that I felt were only a rue to get more money out of me.  Total estimated bill was going to be $300 with these up-sells.  Instead of explaining to me that my dog may have a lack of fiber in her diet and showing me ways I could improve that, the nurse was sent back 3 times while I waited in a room with my sick dog to try and sell me $75 dog food with fiber in it.  The dog has arthritis and has been taking medication for that for 3 years now.  The vet would not renew this medication unless I spent $150 additional money to run extra tests on top of the $100 visit I was already expected to pay.  This was my first visit and it will be my last, drive your pet into the Phx area for a quality experience.
5	I have traveled all over the country with my pets (1 dog, 6 cats).  I have found the small animal clinic friendly and caring.  In fact this is one of the best I have ever used.
5	I can't say enough about the staff here.  We had an emergency with one of our dogs and I had called to see if I could get her in right away.  They told me to bring her ASAP.  When I got there, I only waited about 3 minutes when they got me in.  They explained everything that they wanted to do and let us choose the path we wanted to take.  After it was all said and done that day we had another appointment for the following day.  When we were in the waiting room the vet walked by and saw us sitting there and came into the waiting room to see how she was doing.  She sat with us and talked for a few minutes and then we had our appointment.  I really can't say enough about how nice they were.
5	This is why I will always recommend the Small Animal Clinic on Peart to anyone who is looking for a vet. Curtis, one of the vet techs who grew very fond of  one of my cats, Obie just called to offer his condolences ((We had to put Obie to sleep due to medical reasons and he was suffering)). He told me when he was told about Obie's passing when he came into work on Friday, he was in shock. Obie was his buddy. Whenever I'd take Obie in for a check up, Curtis would take the time to pop into the examination room to say "hi" or come out to the waiting room to pet Obie. I did not expect a call from him but it was a very nice thing for him to do.
5	Took one of my dogs here very friendly and courteous staff!! Was seen promptly my dog was treated very nicely and I love that since I consider my dogs my kids!!! Lol !!! No but seriously I will be taking the rest of my dogs here in the future!!! SMALL ANIMAL CLINIC is Way better than Casa grande animal hospital!! Staff is truthful and honest and NOT MONEY HUNGRY!!!
