3	Not a bad little local watering hole.  We stopped by for a drink this past Friday and were shocked to find the place packed full of people.  Despite the busy atmosphere, the bartenders were prompt and friendly.  Word to the wise - bring cash, because while they do accept plastic, they require a minimum charge of $15.  Tap selection is limited; there's a large cooler with a better selection of bottled brews.  Internet-connected jukebox pumped out great tunes - the sound system was solid.  There's also a small gaming area located to one side of the bar and includes skeeball, shuffleboard, and darts.If I found myself in Sun Prairie, I'd visit again.
4	My husband and I drive by Ski's almost daily on our way to the athletic club and we love their sign. I can't wait to see what they have next! I told my husband that we had to go there sometime. Sometime, turned out to be a regular Wednesday evening on our way home from the gym. They have Emil's pizza and popcorn to eat, a small selection of tap beers, a few local and a few "big box". You can tell that they taylor to their demographic. the pizza was pretty good, the popcorn was movie theatre style too salty, buttery and delicious! What really made Ski's stand out was the atmosphere! I have never been anywhere like it. I have had great service other places but this went above and beyond... I felt like I had  a great friend behind the bar! I had never met her before but she was personable and chatty. In fact, I was able to strike up conversations with everyone sitting next to me. It was incredible... To walk into a place and immediately be surrounded by friends! The DJ played tons of guilty pleasures while the badger game was on. No one cared if you sang and danced or cheered on Bucky. It was almost like being home... In fact, it may become my new favorite hang out. Stop in... I guarantee you will be back!
5	How could you not like Ski's? Stumble in on any given day or night and you are sure to meet some of the most original folks from Sun Prairie. The karaoke on Fridays draws a diverse crowd. I can't go to Ski's without ordering a basket of their fried shrimp and sauce. It's so satisfying when you are drinking. The food ( think pig wings with buffalo sauce, cheese curds, fried dough, and kettle chips) is a few notches above traditional bar food yet humble and satisfying. Bartenders ROCK. Stop in to see Beth. She will always have a great story and good roll of the dice game in store for you. I'm definitely a fan and a local. One thing I can say about Ski's is that is one of those nicer neighborhood bars that has cheap prices but a clean and well maintained building. That's nice!!!!!!!! What is also nice is that the riff raffs usually stay out of this bar too. That's triple quadruple nice too!!!
