5	Gene performs an old European style straight razor cut. His technique sculpts hair precisely, and the haircut's staying power lasts much longer than a traditional cut. Gene himself is friendly, talkative and very knowledgeable about the Charlotte area.Hands down, Gene's Master Cuts is the best barber I have ever visited. Even now that I no longer live in Charlotte, I will make a point to fly in and go to Gene for a haircut if possible.
5	I can't believe there aren't more reviews for this guy. Gene is a legend in the Charlotte community and has been cutting hair here for at least the past 20 years.As you can imagine, he's got quite a few stories and he doesn't mind spinning a yarn or two while you sit in the chair. The ambiance is excellent and Gene's razor cut makes for a great haircut. I often get compliments on the style.
5	I've never been all that impressed with any haircut I've received. I'm not very photogenic, and the purpose of my haircuts are out of maintenance more than fashion. That being said, I love my new haircut (That I received at Gene's) and my only wish is that Gene's would move to my home city. I was hesitant to go to the barber in the Hilton, because I thought I would end up with a standard, universal haircut before my (first) meeting with the higher-ups. I was skeptical the whole time he was cutting, but I told him what I needed it for, and he delivered amazingly. If you're a young, middle-aged or old man looking for a haircut that will fit right in at the banks that litter the Charlotte skyline, Gene is your man. I was expecting a $50 bill at the end. It was only $26. I left him with $40, and that felt cheap. Go get 'em Gene!
5	Gene is hands down the best barber in Charlotte.
4	Gene is a master!  When the guy who is doing you a service, regardless of that service, you want them to be passionate about what they do.  People with passion show off their passion because they take the time to appreciate the work that they're doing and they strive to do it to the best of their ability.Gene is passionate about haircutting.  So much so, the guy has invented a new haircutting tool that he will be pattening and hoping to introduce into the market!Ask for the precision cut.  He cuts your hair using a straight razor and the results are terrific!  - Recommended!
5	Best barber in charlotte hands down. I'm a college student and I drive 20+ minutes and past several other barbers just to go to genes. He is very passionate about what he does and you will not leave the shop without loving your hair cut. Highly recommend.
5	Gene is the best barber in Charlotte, hands down. Factor in the location, price and availability and no one comes close. He's been cutting my hair for about 15 years and is getting better and better each time. Forget about those fancy places and get a great haircut every time.
