5	Love this little Thai place. It is a hole in the wall that has been there for years!!!! It recently changed ownership but very little has changed. The food is great and affordable.
3	Adding this business for those military folks looking for some decent food near base! This is a pretty good Thai restaurant located a few miles from Nellis AFB. The service is great and the servings are enough for two meals. I got the yellow curry, and it was the perfect amount of spice! The appetizers are pretty good, and the soups are delicious! The hours are very convenient for those working weekends/late. Lastly, the fortune cookies here are by far the funniest I have seen!
2	I was a weekly regular for years when this place use to be Lao Thai Kitchen. I tried it when the new owners took over and I must say I was pretty disappointed with the food. I ordered take out of the Tom Kha Gai soup and the chicken was so tuff  I literally couldn't chew it. The broth was so so and not as flavorful as I usually expect. I ended up throwing away the rest of my soup since I found it pointless to eat without the chicken. My Pad Thai was so greasy and had absolutely no flavor.  Im hoping I just went on an off day because i really did love this place. The one good thing was the staff is really friendly. I see reviews from others that they liked it so I'll give it one more try and see if they improved the food. If so I will change my review.
5	So this is an updated review. Last time I gave them only a 2 star rating. So much has changed here and I can't even begin to say how delicious the food is now! I've been back 3 times and each time the food was exceptionally good. I order the  tom kha gai with shrimp and the broth was delicious. The staff is super nice and even gave my table free egg rolls and fried bananas which was an awesome surprise. Even the lunch buffet looks pretty good now. Definitely a great place.  I think originally I went on a day that was having some hiccups for opening week.
5	This is by far the best Thai restaurant in Las Vegas! To put it simply, its like my mom is cooking in the back. The service they provide is exceptional. They treat you like family. Also, they are great to military members! The Pork Larb with Ka Niew is on point,and its very similar to the northern style. The tanginess and spiciness is so well blended and not overpowering, its wonderful. Keep up the good work!!
5	We were really sad to see Lao Thai go and were even sadder to read negative reviews when Pon Ocha Soup first opened.  But, boy, are we the happiest campers in the Wild Wide East now!After reading a couple good reviews recently, we decided to try Pon Ocha Soup.  Upon arriving, the decor is almost the same as when it was previously Lao Thai.  The buffet station is still there, and the same elephant tablecloths are still there. The menu looks a bit smaller and different, but they were actually able to make the dishes on the menu. (Lao Thai had a bigger menu, but they always weren't able to make certain dishes.)We had the sausages (appetizer page; I don't know the name), the pork skin with Chinese broccoli, the tom yum noodle soup and the raw shrimp salad (on the a la cart menu).  The plate of sausages were plenty of food for the two of us.  They were actually better and juicier than before. The pork skin w/ Chinese broccoli was not salty and the pork skin was perfect.  The noodle in the noodle soup was a bit soggy, but it was still very good.  Last but not least, the raw shrimp salad!  Oh my gawd, I could not believe it when the fiance pointed it out in the menu.  Not long after we ordered, I heard the food processor in the kitchen and I knew the wonderful ladies in the kitchen were making the deliciously spicy green sauce for my raw shrimp salad.It was the last dish to arrive, and it was everything I could hope for!  After eating my fair share of raw shrimp salad in Bangkok (Thailand, that is), I know what it is supposed to taste like, and this is no joke!  Aside from the freshness and the deliciousness of the shrimps and the sauce, they gave us at least a dozen shrimps in that one order!The service was wonderful albeit the server who seems to have problem with hearing.  We are definitely going to come back regularly to Pon Ocha Soup and we are happy to have probably the best Thai restaurant in town so close to our home!One last last thing is their lack of a liquor license, but that's not their fault.  The chef tells us they are waiting for its approval.  Five stars!
5	We were really sad to see Lao Thai go and were even sadder to read negative reviews when Pon Ocha Soup first opened.  But, boy, are we the happiest campers in the Wild Wide East now!After reading a couple good reviews recently, we decided to try Pon Ocha Soup.  Upon arriving, the decor is almost the same as when it was previously Lao Thai.  The buffet station is still there, and the same elephant tablecloths are still there. The menu looks a bit smaller and different, but they were actually able to make the dishes on the menu. (Lao Thai had a bigger menu, but they weren't always able to make certain dishes.)We had the sausages (appetizer page; I don't know the name), the pork skin with Chinese broccoli, the tom yum noodle soup and the raw shrimp salad (on the a la cart page of the menu).  The plate of sausages were plenty of food for the two of us.  They were actually better and juicier than before. The pork skin w/ Chinese broccoli was not salty and the pork skin was perfect.  The noodle in the noodle soup was a bit soggy, but it was still very good.  Last but not least, the raw shrimp salad!  Oh my gawd, I could not believe it when the fiance pointed it out on the menu.  Not long after we ordered, I heard the food processor in the kitchen and I knew the wonderful ladies in the kitchen were making the deliciously spicy green sauce for my raw shrimp salad.It was the last dish to arrive, and it was everything I could hope for!  After eating my fair share of raw shrimp salad in Bangkok (Thailand, that is), I know what it is supposed to taste like, and this is no joke!  Aside from the freshness and the deliciousness of the shrimps and the sauce, they gave us at least a dozen shrimps in that one order!The service was wonderful albeit the server who seems to have problem with hearing us.  We are definitely going to come back regularly to Pon Ocha Soup and we are happy to have probably the best Thai restaurant in town so close to our home!One last last thing is their lack of a liquor license, but that's not their fault.  The chef tells us they are waiting for its approval.  Five stars!
3	I've been here twice now. Once tonight and once they originally changed owners and names.Today started off well. They brought some complimentary fried bananas and some other root veggie. I thought they were really good. Reminded me of being a kid.Tonight we tried a medium yellow chicken curry with white rice, beef pad se ewe, Issan sausage, and their combination rice bowl.Aside from the free fried bananas the only thing I actually liked was the curry. The only complaint was the onions and carrots weren't cooked enough. The carrots were in huge chunks so they weren't soft. The flavor was really good and I would come back for this. Super flavorful! The noodles I thought didn't have much flavor and the beef was kind of tough/chewy. The worst part of dinner were the sausages. They had way too much rice in them. There was barely any actually discernible meat. I was really disappointed.After the first visit and the eh service both times I don't know if I'd ever rush to go back. I only did because my friend said the curry and Tom kha gai was still good. I'm not sure if their server had any experience in other establishments but they need to fix that.
