5	PH Towers was very young, hip, vibrant and part of the huge Planet Hollywood complex.  I had a fabolous room. In regards to the service it was excellent and security is amazing. It is a different vibe, geared toward the 20 something set--so if you are looking for the Oceans 11 feel this is not it, think more Party Bus.
5	I stay here every chance I get. Love it. The bedrooms have a giant projector in it and they have a great sound system. I have thrown multiple partys here. Best part is right downstairs is the miracle mile shops if you get the munchies :)
2	2 stars = I've experienced better. The hotel itself is a "3 star" property (though mostly listed as a 4 star). It has nothing onsite. You'll need to walk to the mall or regular PH Hotel for dinning or spa. The rooms are nice but feel rundown. Midrange beds and bedding, not top end. The hallways are hideous - narrow and garish colors (not hip gone wrong, just bad).
1	Not so hot.   Confusing as to park when you arrive, only 2 bellman and on arrival we did not see any, so we just kind of had to wait in the car.  Finally one arrived, flagged us where to park the car and said luggage had to be checked in there as a room would not be ready.  In all this confusion, who was in the car, who was already out, we forgot the tip.  But our bellman did not as he announced loudly, " Guess I work for free today"  The last one in our party ran back and tipped right away.  We stood in for ONE hour to check in.  They charged additional $50 to our credit cards for incidentals we "might" have.  It was taken away about 5 days later.   Once in our room we immediately called for luggage as we had dinner and a show scheduled.  After a half hour, we called again to check and the girl told " we are busy and your luggage will arrive when it arrives.  I don't have to say anymore.   We will never stay here again, really poor service and a horrible attitude.  They do not care about guests or repeat visits.   Go someplace else.
5	One of my best experience in Vegas happened here. It is now called Elara.We had the two bedroom suite and my god... it was breathtaking! It has FOUR sections:1. Master bedroom: bathroom, jacuzzi, washer & dryer2. Living area & Kitchen: fully equipped kitchen, wrap-around sofa bed, projection TV3. Second bedroom: bathroom4. Smaller living area: connected with the second bedroom, equipped with a mini kitchenette, sofabedWe were able to fit about 12 people in this suite. The price wasn't bad at all either. I can't complain with this hotel. This goes down on my Vegas "where to stay" list. With all the amenities, you'll have an amazing time in Vegas!
