5	Best nail job in the last 3 years!
5	Hands down my favorite place for mani/pedi's in the Triangle. Nail Tek is always clean and the technicians are extremely friendly. I recommend calling ahead for an appointment, as it often gets crowded on the weekends from walk-ins who have been shopping/eating in the Crossroads area. Those looking for a deal will be happy to know Nail Tek has coupons on their website. I'd recommend this place to anyone looking for an affordable mani/pedi.Side note: As an OPI snob, their selection rivals the best collections.
5	I try not to be high maintenance but I am with my nails. I bite my nails so I have to get them done often. I get pink and white and have been for years. I'll admit it, I watch very closely and nervously when I try a new place. When I went here I was a little nervous until I sat down and Henry started working on my nails. He did them exactly how I wanted them with little input from me. And fast! $35 for pink and white fill. That's a little higher than what I'm used to but not by much. This is now my go-to place!
5	Ok so I just paid $25 for some really nice man to beat the crap or of my feet and bend and contort my toes. I should have paid $50. It was awesome. This was my second visit here. The  staff is friendly and there's not a lot of cross talk like at other places. This is my new spot. I had be going with a friend some where else but she moved awhile back and had no reason to travel into concord just for me. My get and legs feel great! I ready to walk that wine festival tomorrow. He even put a third coat of my color on to help make it brighter. I sat so long drying I was there 15 min. His wife said that's okay, when I apologized, she said we are open till 7; 30 is okay.  AWSOME place.
5	Top notch in all respects. Clean. Friendly. Professional. No cross talking. Quick service, excellent attention.
5	LOVEEEE this place!!!! I have been to many different nail salons and me being a hairstylist I know how important customer service is and they have amazing service! The pedicure was the best one I have had in a LONNGGG time and they did a wonderful job! Found my new place!
5	Out of all the years I have been getting my nails done, I have never gone out of my way to go to a specific one. I usually just chose the most convenient location. However, since I stepped into this salon I have been a loyal customer for over a year. This place is clean, convenient, the staff are friendly, good prices and OMG the only place I have been to that my nails still look good even after 3 weeks post full-set/fill in. Oh, and the colors they have are the best, even their selection of gel polish is excellent.
4	Not the nicest nail salon you'll ever go to, but it's fairly new. The people that work there are nice. I especially liked that nail tech, Henry, took his time to do my nails (unlike some nail salons). I was there on 5/5/14. I got a pedicure & gel polish (no manicure) for $45 plus tip. My gel shellac polish (or whatever it's called) was in ok condition for about 9 days.. ): They say it doesn't damage your nails but it does if you don't soak them in nail polish remover (with acetone). I soaked my nails for 20 mins & it was still hard to remove the polish. Also, they have a frequent customer card!!
1	OMG!!!!  This is the worst experience I've ever encountered. I'm sitting in the chair now as she "baby rub" my feet. The sea salt was rubbed on my legs for 2 seconds.....literally,  then immediately washed off!  So many other WRONG things she did I don't feel like naming.  Very disappointed!  However, I WILL return & see Henry next time.
5	I've been to Nail Tek more times than I can count and I've never been disappointed. They've got amazing customer service and always make me feel welcome and at ease. They are there to please the customers and will work with any request you give them. Plus their gel colors are gorgeous! I would definitely recommend you go here for your manis and pedis.
5	Having fairly recently moved to the area, I have been trying a lot of different nail salons and so far this is the best! I got a gel American manicure from Henry for my wedding and it was amazing! These guys are also very friendly and patient in case you don't like a color, style or just accidentally mess up a nail.Amy did my pedicure and she did a great job too. The next time, since Henry was booked, I got a manicure from Amy and she was very nice, courteous, sweet and smiling throughout. When your manicurists are pleasant and skilled, what more do you want? Very reasonable prices too!
