4	Great place to sit, relax and smoke. Owners are very nice and friendly. Decor is great, and all the furniture is very contemporary, from Ikea :) There's games like dominoes, and chess that you can play while smoking or if you prefer, just watch Lebanese songs on the tv.
2	Came here after being spoiled by hookah lounges - DEF not a classy joint. it really caters to the underage college kid. i actually wish there was something like this for us in college, but now..def not my scene. i think we were the oldest people there. i dont see myself going back ever. i'll wait for pittsburgh to come up with a nicer hookah place.
1	Not a good experience on my first go. The crowd wasn't very good(my friend and I were actually -literally- surrounded by a larger group of college kids who were quite loud and didn't exactly have a very interesting conversation), the service was non-existent and the prices were pretty high, costing about $15 to start and going up from there. The decor was bright and modern, so I can see why some would prefer it to other lounges in the area. I haven't been back, so it might have just been a bad night. Also, they don't seem to be big on carding, so under-agers feel free to try your luck.
3	Hookah Bookah is one of the more popular hookah spots in Pgh. The crowd can be a little collegey but I wouldn't say that it's unfriendly to those past the college scene.It's a clean, well-maintained space. They have screens placed through the place, sometimes with sports or arabic music videos playing. During the summer, they also offer outdoor seating, which is nice and relaxing.The staff are competent but the service can be rather slow at times. The prices are pretty expensif (usually $12-$15 per pipe) but the flavors are good and the hookahs 'hit' pretty well.  Still, as compared to the outrageously bad service at Sphinx, I would still rather choose Hookah Bookah.
4	Bookah is the best of the Pittsburgh hookah bars, although that's not saying much. Still, it's an enjoyable spot to spend a few hours.At night they turn the lights off and the atmosphere is more clubby and college-y than relaxing, although it's not too loud. It can get a bit cramped, so you might have to do some gymnastics to get to the counter. Service is friendly and prompt, although it can lag a bit during the busy weekend-night hours. Seating is comfortable, even if you're not on the couches.The hookah is overpriced but awesome. I always have an enjoyable smoking experience at Bookah. Here they use good quality tobacco, well-maintained pipes, and natural coals that are frequently adjusted for optimal smoking.It can get a bit crowded as the drunks stumble in towards the end of the night, but the quality of hookah and service you receive is superb. This place closes at 2 but we've been here until 3:30 without issue. Definitely stop by.Oh, and try the fries. They're lime-salted and good to munch on while smoking.
4	O how to start this review. Well I will walk you thru every step of my experience. Upon walking in the atmosphere that you see on the outside is completely different the room is rather dark, which is not a bad thing. Also its not as smoky as you would think. The flavor list is extremely long and filled with some good ones. My buddy and I decided to go classic and got strawberry which is a great beginners flavor. For two of us to smoke one flavor thru a two hose hookah it costed us 8 dollars each. which is a pretty good deal if you ask me. The pens game was on and people werent too loud, it was quiet enough that I could hear what my buddy was saying so thats a plus. Service was also good staff walked around with coals pretty frequently.Pros-Staff-Flavors-Atmosphere-PriceCons-Space-Music
1	Hookah Bookah is a joke. If you are someone who likes to just walk up and down the southside  on saturday nights, then feel free to stop in. But if you are looking for an authentic hookah smoking experience and atmosphere, pass this by. This place is loud, uncomfortable, and not authentic. Just alof of folding chairs, tables, and people sitting there pecking away at their cell phones with a hookah pipe in their mouth. This really is not the communal experience that it is supposed to be. Plus the outside looks like crap, just a bad banner thrown up on the front facade and nothing that looks like they put any effort into the atmosphere. And there is a kid that walks through the mass of people with a blazing hot dish of charcoal to refresh hookahs with. Not a very safe idead if you ask me. Imaging someone carrying lit charcoal though a packed crowd where people are picking up chairs and moving them around in a closet. I didn't even try the food. I mean i think there was food since there was a neon pizza sign in the back... again killing the atmosphere. Stay away from this place unless you are just looking for a place to sit around and look stupid in.
3	I have been here several times and there are things that I like and don't like about this place. The Good The prices aren't too bad. You get one Hookah and three hoses and it will costs you like 15 bucks which isn't bad for three people going to smoke hookah. The service isn't bad you can always get fresh coals and the Hookah's come out pretty fast. The location is nice located on the strip in southside which makes easy to get to when you are hitting up the bars on the strip. The Bad I have been to Hookah bars in the past that are much more luxurious. Low seating with cushions and pillows with curtains making the smoking area's seem more private. Hookah Bookah has none of this. It feels more like a crappy coffee bar that you smoke Hookah in than a Arabian Hookah den. The bathrooms are kind of gross and that's coming from a guy, so you know it's bad. Sometimes is so packed that you can't get a seat and even if you could it's hard to breath in there with so much smoke circulating. Over all it's nat a bad place to hit up after going to the bar. Next time you are in the area give it a go if you can find a place to sit.
3	Very cool place. My only complaints are no alcohol, and it was very hot in there.other then that the place was awesome
2	Having come from Cincinnati and having smoked hookah quite a bit, the hookah bars in Pittsburgh don't entice me a whole lot.The place is pretty loud, and gets decently crowded. Having to pay per person for hookah hoses and them being like 17 to 18 bucks a hookah I just don't know the appeal. I used smoke hookah for around 10 bucks maximum and it just seems a little overpriced (that is how all hookah bars in Pittsburgh are though).So, for Pittsburgh it is OK but for someone who might have experienced it before, it's nothing new
4	There's a first time for everything.  And that's just what my visit here was, my first time smoking a hookah.  Honestly, my first puff I looked at my friend and said, "Who...are...you?"  Of course we busted up laughing, and then continued to puff, puff, pass.I'm by no means a person who knows my stuff when it comes to hookahs.  I walked in and had no clue what to do, but the staff were helpful in assisting me.  I went with the strawberry banana, bought a drink, went to a table to wait until it was ready for us.Once the hookah arrived at the table we were set.  We chatted, listened to the music and just passed the time away in a mellow environment.  Every so often the staff would come around and replace the fading coals with fresh ones.  One thing I wasn't sure about until we left was whether we were allowed to sit outside or not.  In fact, you are.  There are a few tables on the sidewalk in front of the place so you could people watch while you smoked away.  And the only downside to the place is that it is an alcohol free zone.  Maybe that's not really a downside, but I think I would have had a better time if I had a libation at hand instead of a water.  For as many people that were in there, the noise level was actually low.  The music was a bit louder than the other customers.  Which was odd, but I enjoyed it.
2	You go to smoke hookah and you look for a relaxing time - this just wasn't. It feels like a coffee shop that happens to have hookahs, filled with college freshmen who are *loud*.
2	This place was super boring .. I wouldn't go back... U can't smoke weed lol But super boring here
5	Premier hookah lounge. Friendly staff.Best shisha in Pittsburgh. Nawa will see to your every need.
3	It's probably the best hookah bar in Pittsburgh with quality flavors. This is my 3rd time there and twice this week. No problems with their hookah base, coals and pipes at all. It gets crowed with lot of young people and I sometimes do find myself oldest among which is not very helpful but nothing Cafe management can help about it.They have dark Ambiance which is good for smokey places. It's only relaxing one if I have my ear phones on, due to lot of young crowd shouting at each other. They don't have good exhaust fans over there so I'd rather sit closer to door so i can get some oxygen from time to time whenever someone opens that door.What I'd like management is to focus on customer service which was close to nothing except when you want to order and when you want to to get coal changed. They don't greet you that well, neither they would ask you if everything's alright once in a while. I have been to hookah places and whoever has to pay over 10$ for a hookah do get a really good customer service.The only reason I'm not giving it 5 star is lack of customer service but I'd definitely want to go back as I have no better choices.
