5	Best lashes in the phoenix area that is for sure. Not only is she good at lashes but she's so nice and friendly. She makes sure that you are comfortable and that you are 100% happy with the services that have been provided to you. If you are thinking of getting your lashes done do not hesitate to go see her. Definitely worth it! She has gained a loyal customer from me!! Ive gotten so many compliments and I absolutely love the look of my lashes!
5	I have worn strip lashes before, but they are a Pain, so I went to a lady who said she did lashes , but they turned out to be cluster type lashes and looked too fake the glue burned.... So it took me a long time to finally get my lash extensions... I would look at DBC Facebook page and hum and hah about getting them and spending the money. They always look so nice in the before and after pics... I Finally bit the bullet and made my appointment and drove the 45-60 min drive (I live in Avondale)..... Soooo worth the drive. She does individual lash extensions bonded to one of your single lashes. And they come out looking so pretty! If your lacking in the lash department (like me) and are sick of applying falsies, or sick of mascara and want beautiful lashes...christa is your girl!  I love them and think every woman should try them at least once!.....splurge and treat yourself and you will fall in love with them. I've tried another local esti for fills but the product and quality were not as good .... So I continue to drive the 60 mins to get some good quality product and results.. They are soft and look natural and you don't even feel them.. Wake up with make up and feel pretty:) when you see a girl with awesome lashes your gonna stop and say ... Oh she got them done lol ....what are you waiting for?... you are worth it ....invest in your happiness and sexiness and get you lash on ladies!!
5	Love my lashes! Great prices, good conversation. Always lookin good thanks to Christa!
3	I wish I could write a 5 star review as I see the potential in Christa's business. I came across her through facebook where she was running a special on eyelash extensions. I texted her and she booked me an appointment within 24 hours. Now most people can certainly appreciate a next day appointment, however you may become less excited if you are seen almost 45 minutes after your set time. I would not have minded being scheduled for another day as long as I would be seen at the time I was given. I was not offered an apology or anything of the like. I'm not big on first impressions but I do expect a certain level of professionalism or at least common courtesy as a new client. I was not informed in any manner that she was running late and I had another appointment right after her. When I was taken into the room she took about 10 minutes to set up (not bad at all) but then the lack of professionalism again became an issue. She was having a full on conversation about her boyfriend with her co-worker. This while her co-worker was working on a client of her own as well. Now this is is a small area where you are seen. The size of the room is a bit smaller than a doctor's exam room. There are two massage tables in there and one is for clients getting their eyebrows done and the other is for Christa's eyelash clients. I did not experience any pain whatsoever, was very relieved at how swiftly she worked and was pleased with my results. I was just uncomfortable that she would refer about other clients in a tasteless manner. For example, telling her co-worker how she was "annoyed" and how "some clients don't get it" when asking for certain results. Then the comments made about how she needed to be satisfied sexually or she would not be wasting her time. So that went on for about 40 minutes or so. I paid $65 for the service and gave her a $12 tip. Needless to say I had to cancel my appointment after her on short notice. Even with that incident, I decided to schedule with her again to have my eyelashes filled. I was yet again given an appointment within 24 hours of contacting her. However. . . I show up and to my surprise was not seen on time yet AGAIN! I waited in the lobby for 45 minutes hoping that she may text me to let me know she was late, on her way or still working on a client. Anything! I mean any reason at all, I would not have minded waiting the full hour if I was guaranteed to be seen. I texted her that I had left right outside of the parking lot hoping she may offer another time to return to make up the wait. Nope, not at all. I found her work ethic to be dubious. She is good at what she does, but needs to work on her customer service skills. Just awful! If she thinks she's to good to respond or contact her clients for resolution on such matters imagine if her business were to grow to an actual salon. Whew!! I mean don't double book if you can't keep up, maintain your private conversations for your lunch break and sweet baby jeebus keep your clients informed of any changes that will directly affect them. Our time is just as valuable too you know, thanks! 3 stars overall, 0 for customer service.
