5	I stopped in to enjoy lunch at Cafeteria on Thomas on the recommendation of a friend. The restaurant is still in it's early stages, so it's always hard to tell what you're walking into but I think this could quickly become my favorite place to grab a bite whenever I'm downtown. When we entered, I could tell the restaurant was a work in progress but it was spotless with a fresh coat of paint on the walls and the chairs had a little bit of style to them without losing that "Cafeteria" feel. So far, so good. We checked out the menu and it had a little of everything. Some traditional comfort foods and some interesting twists on typical lunchtime fare. I had a hard time choosing and I'm a picky eater, (so that doesn't happen to me much) but it all sounded really good.The service was friendly and the person behind the counter walked us through the menu and made some recommendations that helped us out. They also let us know what was coming soon - a bakery, menu boards, and possibly even a bit of retail space. Cool!In the end, I went with the grilled ham and cheese and fries. My friend went with one of the many interesting burger selections. Both were done to perfection - the fresh ingredients and attention to detail where everywhere on my plate and I loved how the sandwich was cut with each half individually wrapped in paper. The food was so good, my friend and I barely even spoke so we could savor every bite. (You know the restaurant has great food when people are eating instead of talking.) And when we did talk, it was all about the food!This would be a great place to stop in for a quick bite or to bring a lunch back to the office. From what I saw on this visit, the locals are already in the know about this place. There was a steady stream of customers dining in and taking out while we were there and even though the restaurant hasn't been open long, they already have some regulars. I'm going to keep Cafeteria on my radar and hope they can continue their winning formula for the perfect quick lunch place. From what I hear, they serve a great breakfast too, maybe I'll stop by early some morning to give that a try. If it's anything like my lunch - I may need to head downtown more often!
5	Was taken to this little hidden treasure by a group of friends and was pleasantly surprised.  Their menu options were all very tempting but I have to rave about the brisket sandwich that I ordered.  All of the ingredients were very fresh and flavorful.  If you are looking for some great food in a laid back atmosphere, I definitely recommend stopping in here.
5	I've visited this place since its inception and it gets better every time. Despite the fact that it is a work in progress, the food is consistently excellent. I've had the burger, both regular and veggie, the Reuben, the chicken sandwich, and the grilled cheese/ tomato soup lunch combo. Yum yum yum!!The grilled cheese and tomato soup tasted like something my grandma would have made but with an upscale twist... Melt in your mouth sandwich (I added avocado... Fabulous) dipped in that homemade, creamy, herby, hearty, tomato goodness. Wow. I wanted another sandwich to finish my soup!! I can't wait to see what's in store for this wonderful addition to downtown.
5	Great Bread, Great Prices, Super good value, and in a real nice clean atmosphere.. This rivals Bertha's, and Urban Bean... You can tell owner put thought into ingredients, and the whole flow of this place.. Gonna be my new am hangout.
5	Well I have been to this restaurant 4 different times and have tried something different each time and decided that this restaurant deserved a review. Every meal I have eaten here has been absolutely delicious!! My first visit, on a recomendation from a friend, I had their brisket sandwich, honestly one of the best sandwiches i have ever eaten. Perfect fries and a nice little concoction of baby pickles, spices and vinegar. I have also tired a couple different burgers, both juicy and tasty and just had the grilled chicken club, moist and delicious. I have now brought my wife and friends here. It is not close to where I live but damned if I don't love the drive knowing how good their food is. It is a small qauint little place that serves breakfast and lunch for now, and I believe you can byob. It is accross the street from the hospital and is usually busy but well worth the effort. Thank me once you have tried it!!
5	Upfront disclaimer: I am good friends with the chef/owner of The Cafeteria but this review would remain the same even if I weren't.My wife and I just had our rehearsal dinner catered here at the restaurant. I have to say that it could not have turned out better. The staff really went out of their way to make our vision come true. We were thinking "Italian villa" and that was captured perfectly. The place looked terrific and we were getting compliments as soon as people began arriving. The ambiance was perfect.From the salad and soup course through the entrees and then the dessert, everything tasted terrific. Everyone at our dinner could not stop raving about how delicious the food was. We even had several requests to see if we could somehow get the recipes from the chef!I cannot say enough about this place and the people who work here. I don't think our rehearsal dinner could have been any better. Our special night, prior to our special day, was one of the most memorable and wonderful days of my life. Thank you to everyone at The Cafeteria.
5	Every meal that I have eaten there has been wonderful.  The breakfasts are awesome and the bread that they use is some of the best I have had.
5	Today marked my 4th time here in a month. I was addicted from day one! (Check my pictures to see a few of the dishes. The pictures do not do the food justice)Breakfast/Brunch (Now open on weekends for brunch)1. The New York Breakfast Sandwich (grilled sourdough, 2 eggs, 2 strips of bacon or ham, cheese and mayo) is great! Delicious bacon, fluffy eggs, and the best bread you could possibly imagine. That sourdough is the reason I came back. They griddle the bread so that it's extra crispy on the outside. I can't say enough about it. Get something with the sourdough.2. Blueberry Pancakes: truly some of the best pancakes around. Light and crispy, fluffy, sweet and vanilla-y. The blueberries are delicious. You won't be disappointed.3. Biscuits 'n Sausage Gravy: Excellent!!! This really is a meal by itself. Sure, you can get some of their delicious shredded hash browns on the side (don't mind if I do), but these are great. Very elevated form of the dish, not some lumpy mystery sauce (check my photo). The sausage was legit, the gravy was perfect, and the biscuits were killer. My suggestion is that they serve some breakfast sliders on those biscuits. They could invent a whole new thing! And yeah, only $4.50. 4. Croque Monsieur: You-can't-believe-it-till-you-try-it. This is a new item that is a part of their new weekend brunch. Get some over easy eggs on top and thank me tomorrow. This is absolutely TO DIE FOR. (And yeah, it's on top of that amazing sourdough I mentioned earlier)5. Blueberry muffin: my first foray into their pastries. Yup, delicious with a hint of orange citrus that will leave you going, "is that? oh....that's good."6. French toast: meh, skip. It's the sort of french toast that you can probably make at home. Good? Yes. But you have so many, better options.Lunch1. Brisket Sandwich: If you're here for lunch, stop reading. Just order the brisket sandwich. The caramelized onions, the sourdough, the brisket roast, sigh. It's just perfect. (Try their house balsamic with a side salad)2. Grilled Cheese: so here is where I have an issue. My better half had the option of monterey jack, cheddar, and american. He chose American cheese. Look, I get it, it reminds you of your crappy grilled cheese from childhood, but it just doesn't work. Listen to me and get the monterey jack or cheddar. The American is just sad and sorry on that fantastic sourdough. Together, we can beat nostalgia.3. Pastrami reuben: It's a great reuben. I just keep forgetting that I'm not a big reuben fan. It always sounds like a good idea, and then I'm disappointed that it's exactly what it should be. If you like reubens, this will make you very, very happy.This is my new favorite place to eat in Phoenix. Reasonable prices, clean, friendly staff, and, most important of all, fantastic food!!!! See you there!
5	Just like everyone else says. This little eatery is delicious.  I had the turkey pesto and provolone sandwhich which makes me not want to branch out to try other sandwiches here. The sandwich is served on a grilled sourdough bread that is toasted perfectly and is nice and crispy.  Good amount of turkey,  fresh tomatoes,  and melted provolone cheese. Perfectly done! I also had the peanut butter cookie which was moist and chewy. I will definately be back!
3	I'd give their food five stars but I'm knocking them down two full stars for extremely uncomfortable chairs.  Really.  Too hard, too small, and the back was not comfortable for leaning back OR sitting up straight.  I can't enjoy my brunch if I can't get comfortable!  The place was also a little devoid of ambiance or personality.I also found the staff to be super friendly and helpful.I was really looking forward to another brunch option very close to my home, but I'll have to keep this place in reserve for take-out only.  Too bad!
5	Great food.  great prices.  Will definitely be back.
5	I'm a little biased because I know the owner but this is fast becoming a breakfast/lunch/brunch favorite of mine. A restaurant has to be good to entice me to drive from Tempe to Central Phoenix. The food is tasty, service pretty good, and easy on the wallet!
5	I'm on bed rest at St. Joseph's Hospital and have ordered from this place several times. They deliver fast, are super nice and the food is so GOOD! I've litterally ordered the same thing all week, lol.
5	I have frequented this little treasure on several occasions and have to say that I have not been disappointed.  Have tried several items on the menu and the consistency and quality has always been on the mark.The owner Brian Haramoto worked for many years as a personal Chef here in the valley and has brought his experience and expertise to this quaint little cafe.  He and his staff prepare and serve some of the best breakfast and sandwiches in the valley.The staff are courteous, attentive, and are absolutely all about great customer service.  The chef will come out personally and talk to customers about the food and preparation, and will even bring your order to your table with a smile if the servers are busy. And yes they do have Wi-Fi, (password is goodfood, which fits), I work for an SEO company and all my work is online, and find this location a great place to get some work done as the music is not overbearingly loud.As for catering, I recommend having them do your next party or event, if you choose to have your party at the restaurant, they will decorate the restaurant to the theme of your event, and can prepare pretty much any ethnicity of food you request.Just an overall great place with great food and a great atmosphere...highly recommend...
4	Great place for a quick, but well prepared breakfast or lunch.  I stopped by today for breakfast and had 2 eggs over easy, hashbrowns, and wheat toast with strawberry jam...yum!  Pleasant atmosphere and staff!
2	So the initial reaction of cafeteria was great from the 5 star rating.  I did assume something was fishy about that, but wanted to give it a try.The pricing was great until I saw the $10.95 Croque Monsieur!  A Croque has nothing more than they have on other items on the menu for half the price. I ordered an iced coffee at the counter, where you order, and the young lady handed me a styrofoam cup.  The way they do iced coffee is the have you pour piping hot coffee over a styrofoam cup full of ice from the soda fountain machine!My ny sandwich came as just a sandwich with an orange slice on a plastic plate.  It was actually decent enough but they forgot my hashed browns.My girlfriends biscuit and gravy was dead using arrival after sitting in window too long. The decor was very sterile and odd feeling.I would like to try again but will be hesitant to do so.
5	I took the family there for Sunday lunch, and after being surprised that it was not a cafeteria in the old sense, we ordered our lunches at the counter.  The menu is extensive, and all the items we ordered were very tasty - tuna sandwich, Ceaser salad with chicken, cheeseburger and grilled cheese.  The two kids ate their dinners very well (which was unusual for them), and the three adults really enjoyed their food.  The kids had cookies, and they really enjoyed those.  The decor was minimal but very tasteful, and the restaurant was extremely clean.  The staff was very friendly, and we enjoyed our visit there.  The pickle garnish was amazing, and the food was freshly prepared reflecting the "fresh off the farm" background of the owner.We would heartily recommend this small but friendly restaurant to anyone looking for great food at average prices for central core Phoenix.  This restaurant meets all my requirements for five stars - good food, competitive prices, clean surroundings and friendly and prompt service,
5	Been here twice for brunch and its been spot on both times..Croque Madam was awesome and had an omelette the next time and was really good.  They always seem to have some different pastries on hand you can buy at the counter.. The bacon maple biscuits were amazing.  Along with blueberry and chocolate chip muffins.. All fresh baked in house. Atmosphere is very clean and bright.. Great service and most items are around 6-8 bucks which I find really nice.. Extensive menu of breakfast items and sandwiches.
4	Atmosphere is nice. Staff is very friendly. Food is good. My only complaint: the pancakes are consistently undercooked and the eggs are always overcooked. But I come here just about every weekend so it's obviously not bad enough to keep me away. The music kinda sucks too.
5	This restaurant opened in March of 2013 and is still working on building more foods that can be grabbed on the run and a better coffee and tea selection. Even though they are still building their business the food is amazing. They use fresh ingredients and try to stay as local as possible. I don't think I've ever had a better breakfast! I had an omellette and country fries, (and hashbrowns on another visit) and I must say that it made me so happy to look at my plate and see virtually NO grease!The staff is very friendly and the atmosphere is very clean and working toward a more trendy theme. I highly recommend this place for breakfast and I will keep you posted on how good lunch is. :)
5	The clean minimalist decor and friendly service allows you to really focus on how awesome the food is... The Cafeteria is reasonably priced and your plate come without that little piece wilted parsley. The bottom line is this place has good food & good service!
5	This place has the best lunch food in town.  Definitely worth a visit, and very affordable.
2	Cute casual atmosphere for breakfast or lunch. Service is friendly and there is plenty of seating available including a communal table. I've had the breakfast burrito (twice), brisket sandwich and chicken sandwich. All are good, but I liked the brisket sandwich best. This morning, I ordered the breakfast burrito. It tasted no different than the last time: nice, crispy hash browns, chorizo, eggs and cheese. After polishing off about 2/3 of it (over the course of 2 meals), I took a bite and felt a foreign object in my mouth. Upon pulling it out, I realized it was a piece of plastic. Not sure if their chorizo is encased in a plastic tube, but regardless, it has no business in a burrito. Unfortunately, I'm at home and they are already closed so I can't bring it back. Hopefully they check Yelp and are more cautious going forward. I posted a picture to the album for anyone who cares to see said foreign object. Normally I would've given 4 stars, but because of this, I'm giving 2.
5	Love this place, love this place, love this place. My boyfriend and I were looking for a lunch place with great food. We were in between a few places in the area and decided to go here. We hit the nail on the head AND found a new go-to for fresh, delicious food. The environment is almost reminiscent of a cafeteria, as you walk up to the counter and order your food. The atmosphere is clean and casual, though there were a lot of doctors and business people when we were in there. The staff was EXTREMELY friendly and came around a few times to make sure that everything was to our liking. It was. I had the chicken salad sandwich and my boyfriend has the burger--both AWESOME.Overall, if you're ANYWHERE near Cafeteria on Thomas and you're looking for a plce with the freshest ingredients, come here. Make sure you check the hours though, because they're only open at certain times during the day.
5	What a great and unassuming place! Very impressed with the food here. We got the ever popular brisket sandwich, tuna melt, and BLTA. Perfect as perfect gets! BTW, this is right in front of Dignity Hospital (not sure of the name).
5	Kudos to the owner for handling my last review with such grace. He sent me a very sincere message assuring me necessary precautions were being taken to prevent the mishap from happening again. Unfortunately, I won't be back anytime soon not because I don't want to, but because I can't--- I've since moved out of state. I will definitely stop by for lunch if/when I visit Arizona again. I have no doubt the Cafeteria will succeed under Bryan's ownership. If only all business owners could be like him!
5	Best Sandwhich I've had in Phoenix ever!! Oh and I've lived here for over 3 years!!
4	Tastes so good it'll make you slap yo momma....ok never mind because my mom would round house kick me if I did that but damn.....this place is good. The bread was seriously awesome. The hubs had the biscuits and gravy and I had the forager breakfast sandwich. Would have liked to see more baked goods to stuff my hungry face with, but for the most part, we'll be back.
