5	Clarks shoes are good shoes. I have a pair of brown and a pair of boots. Both are amazingly comfortable. I tried on a few of the ones w/ straps and didn't find them as comfortable. And, you have to watch sizing. Both of these were true to size for me, but another pair I've tried was too big.You won't be sorry buying a pair of Clarks.
4	I didn't know there was a Clarks store at Scottsdale Fashion Square-- now I know!  I've visited the AZ Mills location a few times, but I rarely buy anything from there.  Mostly because it is rare to find size 5 women's Clarks' brand dress shoes and boots anywhere, and those size 5 shoes I do find were so unattractive that the designers and shoe companies should be heavily fined for making a profit off of them!  (Oh, they were comfortable alright, but dress shoes and dress boots have to look sexy, as well.)What an exciting prospect it was, then, that I found not one, but FOUR pairs of shoes online over the holidays that I could see myself wearing while at work and at play, so I happily paid just under $410 (including taxes; free shipping) for them.  They arrived fairly quickly, considering it was holiday shopping season.  Shipping and returns are always free, and I was glad to see that I could do returns at stores, and not just online.  I've lost a couple of pairs returning them via USPS once, and I was not a happy camper...Back to the shoes- out of the four pairs (two black and two brown), I only found one of them to be comfortable enough to keep, so I returned the other three tonight without a hassle.  I love that!  I was able to get almost $300 credited back to my credit card, and I walked away with a black shoe polisher that costs slightly more than what it would have been if I went searching for it elsewhere- thank goodness I didn't have to!Clarks' is currently having its semi-annual sale.  There were signs of 30%- and 40% off all over the store.  Shoe care is 3 for $18, and belts and other accessories are also on sale.  Might be worth it to visit again soon... Oh, no, I just remembered... This Clarks location doesn't have much size 5 in stock for me to try.  :(  Guess it's back to online shopping for me...
5	My wife loves Clarks shoes.We were in Scottsdale on a business trip and my wife wanted to check out the Fashion Square mall.And as it panned out we stumbled upon the Clarks Shoe store.A lovely young lady who was very new in the job helped my wife choose a pair of  Wave Walk shoes.We were very happy with the excellent service and they had 20% off so my wife really loved that.It's a really good store with a big range of men's and women's shoes for all occasions.
