4	I only got to try the bar menu since the restaurant didn't open until 4pm. I have to say I am thoroughly impressed by everything about this new menu. Compared to what it used to be, Camacho's (meh) and then Cabo (horrible) I went in not expecting too much. When I first took a look at the bar menu, I noticed how many items were under $3. Then I noticed something that I would've never expected to see in a Mexican restaurant inside a casino; elote and pepino's. That kinda sparked my interest and I knew from that point on that this was already gonna be better than anything this place used to be.So of course I ordered a bunch of things:Chips and salsa-complentary with 3 dips/salsas that were all amazing. The avocado salsa was like a cross between salsa verde and guacomole with the perfect blend of spicy/lime/avocado flavors. Then there was a whitish looking dip that the bartender told me was navy bean dip. Never had that before and OMG that was surprisingly good! I never was a big fan of regular bean dip but this was really creamy with a different bean flavor that isn't bland like pinto bean dip. Absolutely delish. Then there was a chipotle salsa, not a big fan of chipotle flavor but that one was good and all tasted freshly made. I would hope so since the restaurant has only been open for a few hours thus far.Street tacos-carne asada and carnitas. The were pretty standard, nothing too special here but still good.Fish taco lettuce wrap- I know my low carbers can appreciate this one. Grilled fish on top of some Bibb lettuce. Squeeze some lime on that baby and you eating good and healthy.Shrimp cocktail- nice, big shrimp that were very fresh. The sauce had a unfamiliar taste to it so I just ate the shrimp.Elote- came out molded into a cylinder with mayo and spices already mixed in it. All the goodness without a face full of mayo and parmesan cheese.Cucumbers with lime and tajin- pepino's beautifully arranged with the perfect blend of lime and spiciness.  Another guilt free and carb free option.There were a few little things that could use some work like food orders coming out pretty slow, expediters not knowing who ordered what, and old looking shredded lettuce as garnish on some of the plates. These are just minor things and its not a big deal cuz I understand they just opened.Everything was beautifully presented and although it was just the bar menu I got to try, I'm sure the regular menu is great as well. I hope they continue to do great and keep up the good work so that more people can enjoy dining in NLV.
5	I was so excited to try out The Salted Lime! My friends and I (party of 8) had a reservation at 6 for their opening day. The bartender, Morri, made the greatest margaritas! Chips and salsa were complimentary. Food took a bit to get to us, but what would we expect, it was opening day! The food was far from disappointing, we each enjoyed our entrees. I will definitely be back to try another delicious selection from the menu!
1	Yuk.  This place is garbage.  I did not like it when it was Cabo and I still think it's crap.  The one star is for the excellent service.  The beef enchiladas had a awful tasting red sauce that needed to be cleaned off in order to make the enchiladas edible.  Menu stated it was supposed to be green which it obviously was not.  The pollo ranchero was supposed to be a braised chicken. It was actually grilled because it had the burn marks of being on the grill.  Tasted O-K.  But wasn't worth going back for.  The beans and rice weren't nothing to write about either. The service from our waitress was outstanding.  She tried to make everything right and threw in desert freee of charge.  The chef told her that the problems with the food were because the menu has so many misprints.I'll stick w/ Roberto's taco shop for mexican around these parts.
1	I've NEVER seen my husband almost spit out his food before. It was horrible.Their menu is tiny (but do-able since it's the staples of Mexican food) but decently priced. Until we got the food. The waitress forced a to-go box on us after asking if we wanted one and we said no. Normally, one would notice the untouched food and the customer not requesting a to-go box and question the meal, but there was no concern for quality here.We'll never return.
1	Slow service, incompetent cooks, poor quality food and drinks... but those were the good points. This place was way better when it was Cabo. More than just the name changed and not for the better.
3	The complimentary chips and salsa were great.  Especially the bean dip that came with it.  We sat at the bar area during the "re-opening" week for dinner.  I ordered a couple drinks which were ok and had the combo with tacos, Chile relleno and a chicken enchilada.  The food was on par with what you would get at an Acapulco restaurant. Nothing to write home about. Service was good. Bartender seemed like he was learning the ropes still but always made sure our drinks were full.I would go back just to chill at the bar and watch sports on the nice flat screens they have and have a couple beers and chips and salsa.
5	Leaps and bounds over its predecessor, The Salted Lime is a welcome addition to the new Aliente.  My wife and I decided to dine here with some reluctance since we did not care for the former restaurant "Cabo" very much at all. But we are glad we took the chance. The new menu is pretty cheap and relatively simple with your normal American-Mexican fare such as burritos, tacos, chimichangas, flautas, etc... When we sat down they have us a basket of chips and three salsas. A salsa verde, a picante, and refried beans (ok not really a salsa). All were quite good. For dinner  I had the beef chimichanga and let me tell you, it may be the best chimi I've ever had. They didn't use typical beef but birria which if you don't know, is beef that slow cooks in a broth with peppers, onions, cilantro, etc for 4 hours or so which makes the beef very savory and tender.  The chimichanga was fried perfectly. Usually it's a big greasy mess but here it was very lightly friend and added a nice crispness to it. My chimi was accompanied with beans and rice which were fine, about as good as beans and rice can be I suppose.  To drink I had a big ol 36oz beer. My wife however, first ordered a margarita which was pretty tasty. It seems like here in Vegas they tend to go a little heavy on the triple sec but not this one was nicely done. Her next drink was a Coconut Lime Margarita that was innovated in house by one of their bartenders. I was skeptical as I don't care for sweet drinks but this was good! Not sweet at all! So overall we had an excellent experience here and we'll be sure to come back often. I give it 5 stars cause it was excellent service, great prices, and surprisingly good food. Tip- Sit in the bar area and you can order off the restaurant menu as well as the bar menu which includes super cheap little apps.
5	This place is MUCH better than the restaurants that were in its place before.  First of all, the complimentary chips come with 3 dips- 1 red salsa (roasted chipotle I believe), 1 green salsa (avocado and tomatillo- my fave!), and a simple bean dip.  All three are delicious!  I could have just that and a margarita and be set.  I ordered the chicken flautas with a side of guacamole.  The guacamole was simple (I hate when restaurants try to throw too much in there) and the flautas were crispy without being over done.  I drank a regular margarita and then I went ahead tried a coconut lime margarita since it sounded intriguing.  I was surprised at how good it was!  Not too sweet, but not bland either.  Surprisingly delicious!  I ate in the bar area and the food came out quickly.  The service and prices were great!
2	Just got back from an early dinner. We sat in the bar as we have in the past when it was Cabo. The bartender took care of us - he's been there for a long time and is always good, not intrusive but there when you need him. I had the Pork Chili Verde and my wife had the fish tacos. Both were okay but not great - definitely no where as good as we used to get back in the SF Bay Area. One thing I'd like to see changed would be a choice of beans. We both really don't like refried mush. Some black beans would be nice. Oh yeah the menu was hard to read in the dim light of the bar. The combination of black letters on a brown/red background just doesn't work.We really don't know if the "new" Aliante is going to make it. It's pretty dead every time we go. We ate at the Bistro the week before and the food was good but the place was empty. I think Aliante has to be exceptional to draw bigger crowds.
4	We went to the Salted Lime last night for a New Year's Eve dinner. We had a great experience from being seated by the hostess to great service from our waitress Lyndsey. Definitely order the bacon wrapped shrimp  appetizer which was excellent,  a lttle pricey but very good. For dinner we had the beef chimichanga and shrimp & chicken fajitas both were great especially the chimichanga, the beef was very tender. Looking forward to our next visit.
4	I recently found out that Aliante was no longer a "station" casino. One thing about the station casinos is that even though some of them have restaurants of the same name they were never each consistent taste and quality wise. Cabo in the Red Rock was delicious (it is now gone), but the Cabo here at Aliante was not that great. When I heard a place called The Salted Lime had opened in the place of Cabo I knew I had to at least give it a try since it might actually be good.The decor inside doesn't appear to have changed other then the menus having a different name. The service was excellent. We were brought chips and salsa right away and our drink order taken. I never had an empty glass the whole night. The chips and salsa were great. It also came with a bean and cheese dip that was quickly eaten. You might even want to ask for 2 bean and cheese dips because they are addicting! There was also a tamatillo/avocado dip that tasted very fresh and delicious.We started off with "Chili Con Queso". This was terrible. I tasted like they just took sliced kraft cheese from the wrapper and nuked it in the microwave. Even if this appetizer were free I wouldn't recommend eating it.I ordered the "Carnitas". It cost $15. The side of rice had a lot of flavor and the beans were thick and very good. It came with warm corn tortillas but I asked for flour. The carnitas had a lot of flavor. I was impressed with the amount they served. This is something I would order again.The others in my party had "Beef Fajitas" and "Cheese Enchiladas". The fajitas were a big hit but the enchiladas weren't. Inside is clean and they have tables or half booth/tables. TV's are everywhere.You can sit at the bar where they have daily happy hour specials.I will be back!
4	Strange thing...been going to Aliante off and on for the last couple of years.  Didn't notice until now that Cabo has been replaced by the Salted Lime.  I figured it was the same type food with the same "just okay" taste.  I was right and wrong.  Same type food, but Salted Lime is definitely an upgrade.  The Salted Lime reminds me of Pink Taco at the Hard Rock minus the crowds.  This restaurant has a bar on one side and the restaurant to the left.  With your meal you get a bottomless serving of chips.  These chips were airy, light, and fresh.  After after about 3 refills on our chips, we were ready for our main meals.  I got their beef chimichanga.  Because of the cheap price, expected a small bite sized chimichanga.  What I got was this mammoth of a burrito that was so good, crispy because it was deep fried, and juicy.  Who describes a chimichanga as juicy?  I just did and if you've had one from the Salted Lime, you would know what I am talking about.  I was a little disappointed in myself because for the first time in a long time, I did not finish my meal.  My mom didn't raise a quitter, but this was way too much food and quit is what I did.  Between 2 people our meals came up to $33, which is a bargain.  I don't frequent sit down Mexican Restaurants too often.  I actually prefer your small stands/joints that you find in California.  However, the Salted Lime has quickly changed my mind.  If I learned anything about the Salted Lime, it's come here hungry, prepared to eat, and don't over chomp on the chips.  PS:  Service here is great.  3 different employees stopped at our table just to chit chat and ask us about our meals.  Me and my boss (who happens to be a big Samoan) only ate half our meals.   Yes, the food portions were that big. Sorry...no pictures.  First, I was with the boss.  Second, the portions were so big a picture would have killed my phone's battery.
3	Now that this place is no longer Cabo, it seems like they simplified it. Menu is now 2 pages: front side is appetizers and back side is entrees. Food comes out in large portions and pricing is very reasonable and cheaper than Cabo was. The only problem I ran into here was their short staffing...we sat at the bar which only had a single bartender so drinks and food took forever to get to us including our chips and salsa. On another note, the food was great and so was the salsa so I will probably be returning in the future
3	First let me say I want this place to continue to succeed.  Aliante and its restaurants are huge in giving this community some flair.  I had been to both previous incarnations of Mexican restaurants in this spot and will say that I found the food at The Salted Lime to be on par with them.  The biggest difference i noticed us the menu has been streamlined greatly.  I sat at the bar which was not very busy.  The bartender was nice and the service was good.  The highlight for me was the Navy bean dip that came with the salsa.  It was excellent.  I could have just even that and been happy.  I am not a fan of the chipotle salsa although I'm sure some will love it.  I had an order of Nachos.  The portions were huge.  The beans were okay and I could have done with more cheese.  But overall the taste was fine. I would go back with friends or family or for their late nite happy hour.
1	Horrible service the waitress never came back to check on us the food was cold there were bones in the food. Judy the waitress never refilled our chips and salsa before the food came out the menu was small more like appetizers the a meal and Rick the manager was no help at all with our complaints this was a birthday dinner that turned into a birthday night mare we will never go back to the salted lime in aliante
5	We've been to this place a few times, and I don't know what has taken me so long to write a review! Love the chips & salsa/dip trio they bring out (Navy bean dip mixed with the spicy red salsa=delicious!!) Tried the Queso Dip, it was OK, but the Tortilla Soup was AMAZING!  My favorite entree is the pick 2 comb plates.  Their rice and beans are really great too.  It's a little noisy, but most Casino Restaurants are. I love that they have TVs with sports on them. pretty much visible from anywhere you sit.  We spent $60 between the 2 of us (not including tip), but I did order a massive Blood Orange Margarita that was a whopping $12, and we brought home another meal in leftovers.  I think it's worth the money, when you leave stuffed, & with a meal for the next day.
3	My girlfriend and I agree that the food is great but the drinks were terrible. The bartender was 'sketchy' and disappeared while 'making our drinks' which took 15 minutes. Bacon wrapped shrimp was fiendishly delicious, the chips n dips were good, and our waitress was pleasant. I just assumed a place called The Salted Lime, would pride itself on making margaritas that would rival Margaritaville's.
2	My husband and I decided to pop in for happy hour. It was really early like. 4:00 pm and we were the only people in there. The bartender /server was very nice and attentive.  We asked her for a Happy Hour menu and she said none had been created but they had Megaritas for $4.00We ordered food off the bar menu and it was awful.  The street tacos were dry the fish lettuce wraps were boring and it felt like the food was a last minute add in and no effort went into it. We definitely won't return but it was worth a try.
2	Was waiting on a movie so my husband and I stopped in for some beers, appetizers, and chips & salsa. We ordered the cantina platter- Tapatio Shrimp, Chicken wings, mini beef taquitos, and Elote. I would say the Elote was the best part. I've never had it before so it was interesting- grilled corn smothered in sour cream(?) and spices. Apparently it's a very popular Mexican street food. Chicken wing- my husband bit into one and it was still very pink on the inside. Looked very under-done or almost raw. That was a little unsettling. Fried ice cream- just skip this dessert. All you taste is oil! the ice cream was plan vanilla and the crust... was inedible. Just very oily and should be removed from the menu.
1	This place needs serious help.  We should've known better than to roll the dice considering the restaurant appeared abandoned around 6:00 on a Sunday evening, but I was really craving Mexican food.The margaritas are a joke.  A splash of alcohol at best.  The rice and beans are inedible.  I'm positive the rice was made from a box, and poorly at that.  The food lacked any flavor or any thought whatsoever.  It really felt like food was nuked and thrown on a plate.  The tortilla chips are probably what gave this place its name; they were salty beyond comprehension.  Worst 50 bucks ever spent.  Shudder.
1	Yikes! This place was terrible! The place seemed deserted and yet another waitress was helping our waiter out and seemed upset that she had to pick up his slack. The food was ok. Nothing spectacular. The tacos were in shells that you would buy at Walmart, the chicken was dry and flavorless, the only thing they had going for them was the complimentary chips and salsa.
5	The food was amazing. I got a three course meal for $15 along with some of the best bean dip and salsa ever. The queso dip grows on you and its well worth the money. I highly recommend this place!
5	When I first arrived here it just was to find a seat to wait for my friend to arrive. Once I got seated I was excited to see a special for a pacifico and a shot of Patron for $8. When the bartender (Nancy) greeted me I was pleased to see she was happy to comply and get my shot and of course the beer but wanted to make sure I wanted that first since she didn't want my beer heating up. I ended up ordering the most delicious Margarita I have ever had after I asked her recommendation it was this delicious spicy watermelon mango drink. I thought I took a photo of the menu but after three drinks in I think I somehow forgot so I can't tell you the name EXACTLY but its a 10$ drink that is so delicious...It tastes like the type of Watermelon Aqua you'd get from a taqueria but it had a salted chili rim and tequlia... My favorite part of the whole experience was that I got good SERVICE with a smile! that happens less and less these days so I would recommend giving this place a try if you are at Aliante or in the mood for a good Margarita..I know I will be back soon because I LOVED my drinks...
3	Came here for the first time because thats where vegas painting parties was doing our painting. They have very limited happy hour menu, got the taquitos and they were amazing. Didnt care for drinks offered on happy hour menu, waitress recommended a yummy coconut margarita . It was delucious, yummy.  Pricey but worth it. It was so good that i took my husband back on another day JUST to try this amazing margarita. Went to the bar said i had a yummy margarita with coconut in it last time, ordered 2 girl acted like she knew exactly what i was talking about got the drinks, they didnt look the same, but tried it anyway. But wasnt the amazing drink i told my husband about. Showed the bartender the picture of the one i had last time and she said ohhhh that is not on the menu. Thats a drink i made up. And i told her well that the one i wanted. She made it and it was delicious. We were charged for all three margRitas thougb 30 bucks. Left the 2 full margaritas there and left. Very disappointing. How am i suppose to know its a drink not on the menu and how am i suppose to order it in the future?
4	The service at The Salted Limit is generally stellar.  I've eaten there several times and never waited more than 15 minutes for a seat and always had a great server.    The chips and salsa are great - freshly cooked corn chips, green and red salsa and bean dip.  I had the fajitas for the first meal and they were very good.  The last time I went, however, I got a mixed beef/chicken fajita plate and was dissapointed.  The presentation was nice, but the meat needed more seasoning and the beef was tough and chewy.   However, I'll be back because the location inside Aliante is convenient and I'm convinced it was just an off night.
4	We sat in the bar for happy hour, which is on whenever they're open! The bartender was great & attentive. We tried the street tacos (carne asada & carnitas), ceviche mini toastadas and fish tacos in lettuce wraps. We liked all of it! Plus the complimentary chips & salsas & bean dip are tasty too. And you can't beat $3 wells and $4 margaritas!
1	We've eaten here in the past and not found anything with posting aboot..Try to give every place more then one chance..Just in case it was a fluke..The chips and dips were good..That was it..The service was slow and un attentive..Ordered two two item combos..Chicken Taco and pork tamale..Beef Taco and pork tamale..The chicken was dry..The beef was spicier then advertised by the server..And the tamales were just gross..They were spongy and the pork was very grisly..We didn't even eat half the meal.. The server never asked how it was..Just took the plates and dropped the check..Will not be returning..
1	We had a long wait to be served..food was cold. Sauce for Enchlada was funky tasting..very poor service
2	Okay, so I don't understand how you mess up my order not only once, but twice! I ordered a two combo plate (pork tamale w/ green sauce on top & a chicken taco). When they brought out my food, it was a chicken tamale w/ green sauce and a cheese enchilada. It was not alt all what I ordered.. So the next time they brought my food, they brought out a pork tamale w/ red sauce and a chicken taco. Again Wong order.. Finally I get the correct order after everyone in my party was done eating! However, the food want that bad, it was actually pretty good.. My me need up being free, but come on guys.. Get ur stuff together.. The waiter was nice, but I just don't understand how u mess up an order twice. I also should mention that my spouse order a carne Asada burrito topped with shredded cheese and green sauce, which they forgot to put on his burrito and my mother order green sauce and sour cream on her chimichanga which they did my put on again.. So do yourself a favor and make sure that they get ur order correct!
3	Service was excellent.  Only issue is our meals were way more salty than necessary. Wife loved the Blood Orange margarita.
5	Great service from the hostess to the servers and bartenders ....good food starting with the three dip chips and salsa and  you must try the carnitas plate and the Diablo shrimp they also have the best Blood Orange Margarita I've had.
1	This place is ridiculous. There was a waiting list when we arrived. We put our name in and decided to wait the hour. Right on the dot the hostess called to say they could not accommodate us due to a party of 60. Why could they not tell us that when we checked in they made us wait the hour exactly and then decided to call and tell us. Then the. Douche of a manager came out after we asked for him and asked how our night was? Really. You're such a Schmuck. You should not be employed as a manager dealing with the public. I will not be back or ever recommend this place to anyone.
1	Wanted to give this place a shot being that it was Cinco de Mayo.  Wow, what a HUGE mistake.  My wife arrived before me and put our name on the waiting list at 6:15.  She was told that it would be about 30-40 minutes.  At the time, that didn't sound bad given the time of day and the fact that they should be busy on Cinco de Mayo.  At 7:15, we approached the hostess to ask how much longer since we had seen multiple parties conclude their meal and leave the restaurant.  It was at that time that one of the hostesses informed us that the "kitchen manager" had told them to not sit anymore tables until he said so since they were trying to cook for a party of 60-70 people.  I thought that was the most ridiculous thing I had heard in a restaurant in some time so I asked to speak to the manager.  After about 10 more minutes, out comes probably the worst "people person" manager I have encountered, Chris Olender.  When I explained our scenario to him and that at this point I was pretty irritated for not being told it would still be another hour before we would be sat, he did nothing more than shrug his shoulders and say there was nothing that he could do about it since they were trying to take care of the large party in the back.  Keep in mind that by now, there were at least 10 empty tables right up front that everyone who walked by could see.  It was almost laughable as the hosteses continued quoting new potential guest over an hour wait.  You could see the look of disgust as each person would question why they couldn't simply be seated at one of the many empty tables right in front of them.  This "manager" went on to say what did we expect, since it was Cinco de Mayo and that we should have simply came in yesterday or any other day of the year when they aren't busy.  Unbelievable!!!!  Simply put, I was willing to try to give them some business but I will never make that mistake again as Chris seems to live by the theory that his restaurant is down on the strip and that the customers just have to expect food and service to be misearble since those people are trapped.  That is NOT the attitude to have with locals as now I know why they are surely slow every other day of the year as Chris was quick to point out.  After reading other reviews, I am convinced that this restaurant will be closed soon enough and Aliante continues to sink further into irrelevance.  Such a shame because the Hotel/Casino is a beautiful facility but clearly isn't being managed correctly.
2	My husband and I ate at The Salted Lime for Cinco de Mayo with some friends. We came around 5PM and were immediately seated. Chips and salsa are complimentary, which is always a good thing at a Mexican restaurant. There were actually three dips: a spicy red salsa, a salsa verde, and a bean dip. The chips were warm and crunchy and the dips all tasted pretty good.I ordered a bean chimichanga which was humungous. It wasn't made as I requested (I asked for sour cream) but overall it was still good. My husband had the nachos, and he didn't have any real complaints either. The food portions are generous and relatively inexpensive. The Margaritas were only $4 and served in generous portions as well.    The reason why I'm rating the restaurant so poorly is due to poor service. Our waitress lacked personality and was extremely inattentive. My husband waited 15 minuted to get his beverage. After reminding her, she said she would comp the drink. This was a positive step, but she quickly backtracked any progress by virtually ignoring us thereafter. We had to ask twice for anything we needed help with. She never cleared a single item from the table either. When the check came, she mixed up our orders and charged the wrong checks to our cards. Ultimately, it took us 45 minutes to flag our waitress down to get the check and finally pay and leave. We spoke to the manager who barely apologized, but sent us off with 3 bottled beers for the inconvenience.  The food was good but not great, and the service is horrible. We definitely won't be coming back!
2	This is not the best Mexican food, by any means. The chips are okay; the salsa trio that is complimentary is probably my favorite item here. I've tried various dishes, from enchiladas to ceviche, and have not been overwhelmed by anything. I started coming back only for drinks and chips/salsa, but the drinks are VERY light on the alcohol, mostly mixer. The bar ambiance is pretty, but the service is very mediocre. They've certainly improved since their grand opening, but are still a bit slow.
5	Me being Mexican... I am very picky when I go out to mexican food places. I came here on a date and must say I was pretty impressed. To start we just had some good ol' ch chips and salsa. They gave us two different kinds of salsa a green and red. They were both really good. For dinner I ordered the carnitas plate... Basically pulled pork Mexican style.  OMG.... They were so good! They tasted like the real deal. Definitely going to go back and try other items on the menu . I'm giving 5 stars just because my dish was as close to authentic as you can get!
1	I've worked in food service before and I feel that I am very fair and generous when it comes to reviewing an establishment. That is not the case for this place. First off the only reason I gave it one star was for the chips and salsa ( particularly the tomatillo). We didn't get to try the food we ordered because after waiting 15 min to be greeted by our server, waiting just as long to receive our drinks...my house salad came to me with a hair on it. Needless to say we were out of there! Don't waste your time here...not only was this place horrible but The Aliante in general has gone down hill since being sold. Air quality has changed to smokey, smokey, smokey!!! No handsoap in the restroom. What a huge disappointment all around.
5	There was a lot to say about the Salted Lime, but what I really wanted to praise was the service. Will was an absolute delight, funny, witty, and prompt. He took care of us and made it seem like we were at his personal dinner table. The food was excellent, I had the Carne Asada on his recommendation and was not disappointed in the least. The bar was a little slow putting out drinks, but that wont deter me from coming back!
1	We had six people they messed up three of the six orders. They even screwed up the dessert. When we told the server we did not order what she was giving us she argued with us. I had to flag down the waiter. Will not go back if someone else is paying.
5	We very much enjoyed the food and our server, Tiffany, was nothing short of wonderful. We will be back based on the service alone!
5	We went out to eat at the salted lime in Aliante casino tonight and we had a great waiter and the food was excellent.
2	Very average food at best,  from authentic Mexican food and very commercial. Chili con queso was just a bowl of melted processed cheese with zero flavor, just like those jars sold at grocery stores. Chicken enchiladas were extremely dry and again lacked flavor. On a good note, they have ice cold tecate on draft. Service was also good with friendly waitress. So if you want a nice cold beer go ahead and stop in, but if your hungry go elsewhere. Prices are pretty high too, especially when compared to food quality.
4	Great place to hang out before a concert. Very good Margarita and at $4 during happy hour, just can't beat that!
3	Service was great! Our server William was attentive and friendly. Food is just ok.
4	Stopped by to try something new. We sat at the bar and service was slow. The bartender wasn't very personable and seemed to rushed to even take the time to listen to what you wanted to order. They give you chips and a salsa trio when you sit down. The green avocado salsa was awesome. Tried the carnitas street tacos, wings and cucumber tajin all of which were delicious. Had a cadillac margarita which was better than most places I've tried. They have happy hour drink specials all day. Will definitely be going back.
1	Came here craving queso- sampled prior to ordering and thank goodness. Tasted heavily of beer. Went ahead and ordered a taco salad after the dip trio came out and was decent. The taco salad is a must not. There was a ton of mozzarella on it instead of cheddar. The "taco seasoned beef" was very familiar to a can of Hormel chili. The lettuce was already turning brown. Our salad was out within two minutes of ordering. The shell was glistening from oil, although it was fresh oil. I wish I had decided on Cafe Rio salad and not decided to try the queso. Being pregnant I already feel nauseated. The waiter was very pleasant and my water was fresh. Sadly, we will not be back. It's connected to a bar so don't expect anything beyond bar food. So if you are drunk... This may be what you are looking for. As for me I'd rate this below a taco bell salad for double the price.
5	No waiting for table.  Server (Tiffany) was awesome very outgoing and great attitude. Food was great.  Highly recommended.  Will definitely be coming back. Prices are reasonable.
