5	I needed my piano moved urgently. I was out of my old house and already in the new, and the new owner was moving in, but my 5' baby grand was still in the old house. I called around, and other movers were able to get me on the schedule in the next few days. But Jim was able to come out immediately and accommodate me! Many other movers have a deadline to get you on the schedule. But Jim...he's just one guy! He does all of the work himself - from scheduling to moving and setting it all up. Some friends were helping me move my other belongings, and they were laughing about how they were standing around drinking beer while Jim and his one-man show moved an entire baby grand by himself. And it helps that he's also a really nice, sociable guy. Proof that he's a good, trusting person - he didn't count my payment, he just accepted that I was paying him the full amount (which is cheaper than the other moving companies, honestly), and put it in his pocket, didn't count it in front of me. I just think that speaks volumes to him as a human being. I've also worked with his colleague Greg who is also outstanding. I will only ever use these guys if I (heaven forbid) have to move my monstrosity again. Thanks, Jim!!!
5	We heard about Jim through Stilwell Pianos (see http://www.yelp.com/biz/stilwell-pianos-tempe) and he moved our piano from Mesa to Phoenix last October. I was so impressed with his punctuality, professionalism and friendly personality. He picked up the piano from a residence in Mesa, brought it to Phoenix and placed it carefully in our home ensuring it was exactly where I wanted it to be. His pricing was very reasonable and I believe a piano is something that should be moved by a specialist -- spend the extra money and hire someone who knows about pianos! Thanks, Jim!
5	I thought we could move our piano ourself, but found out late Saturday afternoon that we could not.  With everywhere closed Sunday, and having to be out of the house by midnight on Monday, I began to feel extremely stressed.  That is, until I spoke to Jim with Max Piano Moving.  Within 3 hours he was at my door in North Phoenix picking up my piano.  And he was affordable!!!  Although I had gotten myself into a mess, Jim didn't take advantage of the situation. He had my piano in his truck in a few minutes and delivered shortly thereafter.  I hope everyone uses this company!  They are the best!!!
5	These guys were fantastic! I needed help moving a piano from a family member's house to a friend's house, and even though I was out of town for the whole process, everything went so smoothly. Both my family member and my friend raved about how quick and easy the move was.  Everyone was polite and friendly both over the phone and in person. I am so glad we decided to hire these movers instead of moving an item like this ourselves, it was definitely money well spent.
