2	We stayed here on business and initially the first two of us checked in without a hitch but the last two of us the hotel gave the rooms away even though they had a reservation. The hotel did compensate for the mistake with another hotel but there was a lot of hassle that should not have been.The room itself was clean and pretty standard, the water was hot, internet was good and we got a breakfast and happy hour cocktail. The breakfast is hot, bacon, eggs, potato buffett and a waffle maker; for the price of the room I would have expected a better breakfast like Quality Inn.Not planning to stay here again with so many other options.
4	Stayed here June 2009. Property was clean and well maintained. The front desk staff was friendly and even called 10 minutes after I got to my room to check to see if I was happy with the room. The room was definitely large and comfortable. The hotel is close to the freeways and it is easy to get around the city.
2	Stayed there while visiting family.  Not sure why they would call it a resort but it does have a large pool and space.Room was standard Best western, nothing fancy, poor lighting, roomy and free breakfast.  Smores by the outdoor firepit at night (nice touch).  Probably a great place for families as it seemed like a safe place for kids to gather in the courtyard and play in the pool.  Restaurant had okay food with great prices.  But would like to have better lighting for business and for putting on makeup.  Felt like I was working in the dark. It was a great place for my cousins and I to sit around the firepit and get caught up on all the family gossip. There is a well know franchise coffee place in walking distance from the "resort".  Oh and the water is very nasty.  And am a little concerned about bedspreads and blankets are reused for every customer.  The central air seemed not very effective.But for a large group with lots of kids, you can not beat the price and ammenities.
3	I went to the Best Western at Dobson Ranch Inn for Spring Training this year and was pleasantly surprised that all the staff was very helpful. There was a free complimentary breakfast, which was delicious, there is a large outdoor pool and hot tub, and the rooms were nice and clean and big as well. My mother and I really enjoyed our stay and would come back the next time we travel to Arizona for Spring Training. I would say though that it gets a little noisy in the night.
2	As a local resident of Chandler, AZ...we had to choose this hotel one night when our A/C went out. We have known about Dobson Ranch Inn for years and always viewed it as a really nice hotel.  After staying here I would say it's "just okay".  Check in was very fast. I guess it helps if you've already pre-paid via hotels.com.  We were given an upstairs room for just two of us. I would have preferred a downstairs room to save on having to climb the stairs. It seemed like a slow night, so I'm not sure why we got stuck upstairs.  The room was okay...nothing spectacular. I've seen better in a non-resort room. Oh and why does this hotel claim to be a resort. I didn't find anything resort like about it? Bathroom had a slight funky odor of musty, mildewy, could be urine smell about it. I was not liking that too much.  Central air was just okay....seemed to take a while to cool the room off.There was no indication in any of the hotel literature that there was any internet access via your room. I ended up having to call the front desk where he informed me that the little box under the alarm is a cable modem and you have to plug it in. Kind of old school I thought, and they should probably upgrade to wireless access.One thing that I thought was kind of weird is that there was a bag of grocery store bought grapes and a full beer sitting on the steps leading up to our room.  We figured either someone had been sitting there eating/drinking or they dropped them there and forgot about it. At any rate, I had seen several employees walking around both the night of and the morning of our stay and when we got up to go to breakfast around 9:30 am that stuff was still sitting there and attracting bugs and flies. Hmmm. I probably would not book a room here again or tell my family to stay there unless the price was REALLY good.
3	Stayed there last week, good value for the money.  Found a special online so booked it.  The breakfast was free so that's a plus.  The rooms are big but the bathroom is pretty small. Our room came with a refrigerator which came in handy. The best part about this hotel was the staff.  The front desk staff were always very helpful and courteous.  If the price is right will probably stay there again.
4	We stayed here for the first time in December 2011 and were really happy with our stay.  We got a two-room suite so we would have plenty of room for us and our twin boys.  And we did!  A TV in each room was helpful.The free breakfast was awesome!  Yummy choices, even for our picky eaters.We didn't get to use the pool because the weather wasn't cooperating, but even in the 40 degree temperatures we saw several other people enjoying the pool and the hot tub.  They must have been well heated.The staff were all very helpful.  They accommodated our late check-out needs and our early housekeeping needs (so we could put the twins down for a nap).  And the free Wi-Fi was great to have.The only drawback was the couch in our living room was really uncomfortable and had several stains on it.  Other than that, we were really impressed by how well the property is kept up and how nice the grounds look.Great place to stay in Mesa!
2	Three of us stayed here for an event that was happening in Mesa. We appreciated the discounted rate for the weekend but it definitely was not the greatest hotel. The staff at the desk was friendly and check in was very fast. We booked a 2 queenbed room. When we walked in it was really hot and muggy. Smelled funky... But it was pretty clean and definitely a good size. You could easily fit 6 people in one room. I turned the air on cool right away and there was nothing coming out of the vent. We decided to get dinnerand give it some time to cool. We get back 2 hours later and it is even hotter. I called the front desk and the man answered, 'yes?' I said hello again wondering if he was talking to someone else? Answer again was 'yes?' not a 'hi how can I help you?' which would seem more customer friendly and professional but whatever. We asked if we could have the air looked at because it was very hot. He said he would send the maintenance man over. He climbed on a ladder and looked in the ceiling then mumbles about some hot water bottle being on said to give it a minute and left... We thought..ok it will cool down. Opened the windows and went to bed. I woke up drenched in sweat and hearing this loud noise. We discovered it was a cricket insie the room and luckily found it and killed the loud guy. We couldnt sleep from the heat and the noise and put up with it until morning. Breakfast was free, which is nice since a lot of hotels don't offer that anymore but unfortunately the eggs were instant eggs... for free breakfast it was ok. After breakfast I decided to go to the front desk and ask about the heat in the room. The woman at the front was very nice and explained that in the winter time when the weather is nice in Phoenix the turn the cool air completely off and apologized. It would have been nice to have air conditioning for the room since it was so muggy feeling and even though the weather was cool outside, there was no breeze to bring in that cool weather. I know they must be trying to save a buck but... it would probably make people more comfortable despite the cool weather during the winter.The next night we turned the air off which helped since it was blowing hot nasty air and were too tired to even care about the temperature. Checkout was easy.
2	Let's just say...they make this place look really good in pictures on their website.  My husband & I stayed there last week while we were in town for spring training.  We were very disappointed when we drove up.  The hotel looked really, really old.  The website says recently remodeled but I think they forgot to update our room.  The carpet had stains on it and the fixtures in the room looked 20 years old.  The bathroom walls really need a good paint job.  The people at the front desk were very nice.  When we first got there our room wasn't ready and they asked us to come back at 4.  We came back at 4:30 and the room still wasn't available.  They offered to hold our bags so we could get out to the baseball game.
1	Within a couple hours of checking in, we found two BED BUGS! One on each bed, and one of them was crawling next to my sleeping son's head.  We checked out immediately, and had to move our sleeping kids at midnight to a new hotel. The staff was not sympathetic and didnt believe us until we showed them the two bed bugs we killed and saved in a baggie.  We had to argue about our refund and there was no manager on duty.  We left our number and told the front desk that we wanted to speak with the manager, but he or she didn't have the decency to call us back.  We cleaned and inspected all our luggage to make sure the bed bugs didn't get in there. No elevators in the hotel, and we were put on the second floor which is not convenient when you have kids.  There was a weird loud annoying noise that we never could identify.  DO NOT STAY, horrible hotel experience.
1	The rooms are dark and dirty. The front desk help is more concerned with their personnal phone calls instead of customer service. If you have a run in with the manager Nicole Heater just turn and run because she will make your stay more miserable than it will already be.
1	Do not stay here!! Both the grounds and the staff are not accommodating at all. Has been a horror story.Has tube tv's, cannot regulate room temperature or water temperature, is very ill lit and has very slow wireless. Brought up complaints to management to no avail. Front desk staff was very nice but management has no idea about customer service.
1	I used to stay here for about ten years in a row to see Cubs Spring Training games from 1999-2009. I never had a complaint. It was well run. The hotel is no longer under the management of Best Western, and the quality of the experience has left very little to be desired. At check-in I was greeted by two college aged girls (one of whom was extremely rude to me). That night I heard a domestic disturbance between a couple in the next room. I called the front desk and told them about the situation. Someone came to their door and they temporarily quieted down. The disturbance began again around 3am, and eventually they either got too drunk or tired to fight anymore. I told the front desk in the morning that I would like my first night's stay comped and I would like to speak to a manager. A newer college-aged girl told me that there was no manager on duty and she had no way of contacting one. I came back an hour later, completely unsatisfied and talked with a manager. I told him that his employee had said there wouldn't be a manager in until Monday, and that nothing could be done about the situation in the room next door. He said that he could not help me either, and offered to move my room. That's what I settled on, but I will definitely not be going back there. It's a real shame that this place where I've had some great times has really gone south.
1	Avoid at all cost! Checked in with a GF and they wanted her ID which we provided. Manager Danny rude. Called me on the phone as we went to dinner and threaten me because we supposedly did not provide my GFs ID which we did.   He said its the law. I have traveled the world. There is no such law. I had to call police because manager threatened us! Ghetto shit hole! Now they have charged my credit card for $400 for an $80 room!  Better off sleeping in your car! Dump!
1	Where do I begin. First the pictures do not depict what the actual "resort" looks like. This is an old Motel 6 type hotel with a basic pool in the middle. Photo shop must be a hobby of theirs, nothing looks tropical in person as it does online. When we arrived we were greeted by a young girl named Yvette. She seemed nice at first but you could tell her lack of experience and customer service. She informs us that it is her policy to have everyone's information that is staying in the room. I didn't have my ID on me at the moment and I didn't have my license plate # memorized so she made sure to tell me five different times to make sure I brought her my info. We went and took a look at our room. It was old and outdated, and hot! I am sure they knew they were assigning that room (according to them they were full), couldn't they have the air on even a little? We decided to try and get a little sun from what was left of it for the day and went to the pool. We were only out there for about an hour and went back to the room to shower and get ready for dinner. As we arrive in the room the phone rings and its Yvette demanding I give her my information. We reminded her we knew she needed it and will be down shortly. Before I knew it I had maintenance banging on my door demanding my information. I sent him away and told him we knew. A few minutes later he showed back up and I gave him the info. I also included my phone number and asked for the manager to call me. As we head to dinner less than a mile away, my GF gets a call from the manager Danny who immediately starts yelling at her and threatening us. We headed back there to get our stuff but needed police back up as we think he had a gun!  I wasn't gonna get shot! We waited for the police and when they arrive Danny made up all these crazy stories and said he STILL didn't have my info. First he said it was a state law, Then he said he has his own laws and bullish*t, Bullsh*t.The cops called him out on it. He was a total Bastar* We grabbed out stuff and left. I warn all of you do not go there. No customer service, they steal your money, and put extra charges on your card. Danny the manager has a hairline temper that is set to snap at any moment. Definitely not a good environment for children. STAY AWAY
3	Yeah, I really can see what all the bad reviews are about.  This was apparently a really nice place at one time, but is now in a pretty rundown and worn state.The room interiors certainly don't LOOK worn out at first blush--the paint apparently looks fresh and the bedroom sink and counter is in pretty nice shape.  However, a closer look at the room that we had revealed chipped veneer on the night stands, a leak under the front sink, and mold in the refrigerator.  A little more soap would have been nice.  BTW, the ice machine nearest to the room was broken and I had to trek to find another one.Fair overall.  It has a bed and a bathroom that works just fine for its stated purpose.  This is actually a really nice place to have a bunch of girls over for a birthday sleepover if you get the two room suite.  With the inn's pool, our DVD player, and pizzas from Big Boys down the street, you have a party.Free breakfast ain't bad--that'll save ya thirty bucks. . .Look, you get what you pay for, and we didn't pay very much.  For a place to watch movies, munch food, splash around in the pool and crash in the wee hours, it worked. No rave no hate.
1	AVOID THIS HELLHOLE!We have brought our dog here for many years.  Suddenly new management changes their pet policy.  Long story short, I was THROWN OUT of the property, to sit on the curb, with my dog, at noon, in 98 degree heat.  Waiting for a $100 cab ride to another Worst Western motel.  This after arguing with management for 2 hours.If I had a do-over, I would have called the police.
5	I am a big fan of this place. They take great care of you and have awonderful breakfast buffet for networking groups. Nice people and clean place.
2	I booked the room over the holiday weekend based upon the pictures posted and the location. The front desk staff were friendly and efficient, but the hotel was clearly not the same as what was posted. The room was clean but had a strong musty odor . The walls must have been paper thin as you could hear neighboring rooms conversations very clearly. This made sleep a challenge. Breakfast was good, with scrambled eggs, sausages, bacon and ham . Free wifi did not work most of the time , and was the slowest that I have ever encountered. Hotel overall has basic accommodations, but should not be confused with a resort which they appear to bill themselves as.
1	Beware. I wouldn't stay here until they deal with their bed bug problem. When we had to change rooms because of the multiple ones we found on our bed next to our sleeping baby, reception seemed fairly unconcerned.
2	Dirty, stinks horribly! Couldn't wait to leave.
3	This is a great place for families. Large rooms with mini fridge. Large heated salt water pool with extra large spa, free breakfast buffet. Having said that.... Kids there were. Everywhere..and they were having a good, loud time.  Not for the weary business traveler or the couples without kids (us). But highly recommend it for families. Walls are paper thin so bring earplugs. Also location is convenient to get around.
4	This place was cool. I didn't live there, I just needed somewhere to put my stuff and sleep. The only complaint I have is that I froze. The air was on. I turned it off and it was still cold. I turned on the heater and cold air came out. It was pretty cold the whole time I was there. Other than that, it was clean, it was a nice looking place, and it smelled like fresh carrots all the time. I liked the ample parking. And it was really quiet for being right off freeway. Starbucks and jamba across the street. It was a great location.
4	Finding it to be a clean, quiet resort, in spite of it being filled with kids from the NJCAA track meet this weekend. Has the feel of a restored, character property with its arches and Adobe construction. Room is spacious and comfortable, and location is close to where we need to be.
4	Needed a place to stay while my condo had some major work done so looked online and found this place to be the best deal. The rates are more expensive if book thru the hotel website but really reasonable if you book they hotels.com. I was pleasantly surprised when i arrived. The place is great. The rooms were clean and spacious. The property was beautiful and  kept up nicely. The bed was so comfortable but didn't have a comforter or bedspread. They have a nice pool and jacuzzi, both have electric chair lifts which I've never seen at a hotel. The staff was friendly. The breakfast was good and they even had karaoke in the evening. As a explored the place i thought it would be the perfect place to have a wedding. The flowers and trees were alive and healthy and the numerous water fountains were the perfect touch. The only bad thing I found was the soda machine didn't take coins, there wasn't a list of channels in the room, and all of the rooms were non smoking. I will definitely stay here again and if I ever get married this place is where it'll be.
5	Dobson Ranch Inn accommodated us for the state track meet this spring. We've stayed there many years because they do such an outstanding job. The rooms were clean, comfortable, and breakfast was good. We'll be back there for the state meet as long as I am coaching! I would definitely consider them if I ever needed to stay in Mesa...
1	This was the worst experience I have ever had at a hotel. I never even got into the room. Checked in to room 287 and went to the room. Key didn't work. Called the desk and they said come get new keys. Ok. Carry my stuff back down get new keys and they still don't work. Let's call the maintenance guy... Too late. I am out!
2	Well.... the reviews are kinda all over the place. I stayed here Friday, October 10, 2014.first off it wasn't worth the 80 something dollars I spent for one night. I certainly wouldn't call it a "beautiful" resort either.... and what makes a resort a resort?This place is just what it is.... a motel. I don't smoke and there is a $300 charge if they catch you smoking in a room but...... people were smoking outside the rooms and the smoky aroma wafted in the night I was there. The motel is old point blank. the air vents are full of dust but that happens no biggie. The room was fairly clean and you can tell they are trying to improve the place. It just wasn't worth what I spent. I would rather spend $40 more and spend the night in a nicer more updated place. The lighting is not the best either.What got me riled up was the mold problem in the shower. I do understand that a little mold happens but once the room was all moist the mold really showed up. I have a severe allergy to mold and this wasn't a good thing. I wouldn't say i would never stay there again but for the price I would pay a little more and stay somewhere more updated.This place needs a major inside renovation. remove all the old interior walls and update the materials. there are products that help to eliminate mold issues now days. The outside is nice. but still could use a little more TLC.They did have flat screen tv's and working air conditioning.They did not have complimentary breakfast anywhere I could see.I could not access any wifi.
1	I saw mostly negative reviews about this place but since it was so close to where we had to be we gave it a try. Shouldn't of done it. Took forever waiting for someone to help me check-in. Then at time of checking in the lady was not very professional looking and was all over the place making mistakes over and over again. Eight months pregnant and she decides to give me an upper unit; no elevators. I had to ask her to switch it to a bottom unit which took up even more time. The room was not vacuumed, the furniture, TV and desk were full of dust and the bathtub was dirty. Forget about the free breakfast... It was so far away from where my room was I was just too tired to walk all the way over there.We only stayed two nights. The first night an alarm clock had gone off in a vacant room next door to us at 3:30AM and didn't turn off until 5:30AM!! My husband and I were so tired!!!!! There was nothing we could do and no one to help us at that time. My husband had been working 14 hour days so I know he was so super tired; I was pissed. The next day I called the front desk and spoke to Yvette. I told her the situation and asked her to please get someone to fix the situation. The alarm clock had been unplugged in my room which makes me think that all the alarm clocks in every room are unplugged. Obviously except the room next door to us. She said she would get someone down there to fix right away which I was grateful for. Our second night here......... my husband and I are both up at 3:30 AM AGAIN because of the same stupid alarm. Cannot freaken believe this!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I go to check out that same day about 15 minutes before 11 AM... and Yvette is at the front desk. I confronted her about it, and it was plain to see how upset I was... but she seemed to care less. Her attitude sucked and she's lucky I didn't go off on her. One of us had to be the professional one. We will definitely never come here again.
1	If there was negative rating I would give them negative 10 for lack of politeness, and costumer service !!!!! I checked in and went to my room with all my luggage only to find out they gave me an occupied room!!!!! When I went back to the lobby... There was no apology or anything "we can give you another room if you want" what the F*** you think???? I sure don't want to stay in a dirty room!!! So I told them I would just like to cancel my reservation and go somewhere we and they would not cancel my reservation and tell me I have to cancel my through hotel.com!!!! I expected them to say sorry for your inconvenience let me give you..... To make it up!!! The hallway smelled like wet mold!!!!! I strongly recommend you not to make your reservation  because they didn't deliver the service that was advertised.
5	The Dobson Ranch is a great place to be heard there's a big grand opening Nov 29 2014 restraunt & bar will be open half off with great food great drinks & great music with even live bands & HD TV"s. Also the resort is very lovely with the birds singing with a big clean pool & spas as jaccuzzi also the rooms are big & clean & also right next to the 60 fwy with many shopping centers around best place to be at the Dobson Ranch Inn & the staff is very friendly also new parking lot under way got to see it to believe it so come to the Dobson Ranch Inn alot of great historic history here also famous sports teams players stay here even future TV, Movie, and Musician celebrity will stay here so come check the Dobson Ranch Inn soon to be Ramada.
1	First of all, not sure why this is called a "resort." It's a motel. Yet, it was near where I was staying, and I got a deal on the room, so I decided to stay for a few days.The room next to me had people standing outside smoking and drinking until 2 a.m. I suppose that isn't the hotels...errr....resorts fault. But I'd think security or something would check periodically and tell people like that to pipe down, or stay in their rooms, as others are there to sleep, not "hang out."My room key didn't work. They gave me another one that worked, though. Still, a pain in the butt.In the morning, had the breakfast. There was a good spread of food. Oranges, apples, bananas. Various breakfast cereals, French toast, scrambled eggs, and potatoes (which were way too salty), and muffins.The TV had a great variety of channels. But...the room only had one blanket, and I couldn't figure out how to turn the heat on. The room was freezing!!!! Also, it had only four small, really tiny pillows on the bed. Not sure why they didn't have regular sized pillows.The next day...there was hardly any food for breakfast. After waiting 15 minutes, still no food (just cereal and oranges, and juices). Somebody complained, and five minutes later, they brought stuff out.Overall, it just wasn't a very good experience.The staff at the front desk was pleasant enough. They had two computers in the lobby which I was able to use (as I'm the only person on the planet without an iphone).Overall, I just didn't think the price warranted what you get.
