2	I have called at least 20 times (no joke) trying to get plants replaced through a warranty, with no results.  I even had the manager call back and apologize after seeing a message I left explaining my situation and still nothing was done.  I was supposed to receive an email, call or visit and after waiting months, nothing.  I eventually replaced the plants myself after getting tired of looking at the dead ones.  Once you sign the contract and pay this place don't expect deadlines, appointments, or promises to be met.  The stars are for the laborers themselves. They worked extremely hard and produced quality work.  I would recommend them in a heartbeat but unfortunately they work for a company, who like many in this valley, have poor customer service and no regard for their "word".
1	Amazing!  I called and scheduled an appointment for an estimate to design our backyard.  The guy called at 10 minutes to the appointment time and rescheduled for an hour later...no big deal it happens.   When he showed up he had a piece a paper and pen and no tape measure!  How in the world is he going to give us an estimate without measurements!  What a Fail!
4	I have been using Newtex Landscaping for the past 3 years and am very impressed with their work. Their laborers remind me of busy little bees the way they work so efficiently.Their prices beat the others I've had in the past and they have always stood behind their work. I've been fortunate to have Al the last few times come out and give me an estimate. He's very knowledgeable and friendly. And Kim, in the office, has always been pleasant and helpful as well.My in-laws and neighbors have used them and very pleased with their service.The only thing I would say they could improve on is their scheduling. It's hard to get a schedule date confirmed and then sometimes they just show up. Luckily they do the work whether I'm home or not and then I love the convenience of just paying over the phone once the work has been done to my satisfaction.I am pleased to call Newtex (My Landscapers) and recommend them highly to anyone in need :)
