5	We saw the sign driving down W.T. Harris to another place we were going to eat at and decided to see if it was open.  It is located next to the Outback Steakhouse and the building has been vacant a long time.  They were newly opened and we went in.  It was great to be greeted by someone who used to work at a Mexican restaurant we previously ate at.  We were made to feel like family and friends by everyone there.  We decided to sit out side under the umbrellas and were seated next to a large wall waterfall that made the atmosphere great and relaxing even in 90+ temp.  The staff was very attentive, including the person who brought out our chips and salsa.  He asked if we had tried their Pico and highly recommended it.  We ordered some and enjoyed it very much.  The food was also excellent!  We had the lunch portions which was still too much food.  We are glad to say that we have found our favorite Mexican restaurant and will certainly return.
2	The food wasn't awful but I can say it was the worst Mexican food I have ever had. I got the shrimp fajitas and it was obvious that there was no seasoning whatsoever on my shrimp. That being said it was $7 so ehhhhh.
5	I love Don Pedro, the coupon they sent out in the mail was what lured us to try it. I absolutely love this restaurant and it is my new favorite Mexican restaurant in University.
4	I grew up in Texas and lived in California....Mexican food is my favorite food in the world. This place is very near my house and I've been there twice already. Went home stuffed and with doggie bag, Not the best I've ever had, but plenty good enough. I enjoyed the mole and chile verde, and their ceviche is not bad (and a HUGE plate of it...I wish more places would offer a smaller appetizer size of ceviche). Very friendly and helpful staff, too.
5	Food was really tasty and authentic. The service was also excellent from the waitress that we had. Definitely one of the better Mexican restaurants in the area. It was my first visit to a Don Pedro's and I was pleasantly surprised. The atmosphere took me to Mexico and I would definitely recommend this place if you are looking for a new Mexican spot.
4	The food was really good!  The waitress was very attentive and everyone was very friendly.  I had a delicious margarita!  The portions are very generous.  I had to take part of the meal home.  I would definitely recommend this place and I will definitely go back again!
5	I've been several times now, and more impressed each time. Great service-- sometimes TOO often coming by to ask how their new "amigo" is...but that's a small issue. Great food, with good variety on the menu. LOTS of it too. By far my favorite Mexican in this area.
5	Great Food and service. best mexican food in charlotte
4	Having passed this restaurant dozens of times my friend and I  finally decided to give it a shot. What we were after were some great margaritas and Don Pedro's did not disappoint. I had the special margarita and I can say it was the smoothest margarita I have ever had (and I've had plenty). The free tortilla chips and salsa were very good. We decided to just get appetizers and we were glad we did as the portions were gigantic. I ordered the Fajita quesadilla and could only eat about a third of it! It was very tasty as well.Our waiter (Usvaldo) was very attentive and informed us of the upcoming events...karaoke  and a live mariachi.I will definitely be coming back. I went on a Sunday afternoon but would love to go for some drinks/apps on a Friday or Saturday night.
5	Having adopted a new family member from the Humane Society in Charlotte our available dining choices dwindled dramatically.  Don Pablo has made us feel like family. The outdoor area is great if you have dogs. We would really like to compliment our server, Hector.  Always attentive, his recommendations are always spot on, and he is very efficient.  Hector is also great fun to visit with and it's obvious that he loves people which makes our visits there so enjoyable.
4	A friend from out of town and I were driving through the Uni area in Charlotte looking for somewhere to stop for lunch when she suggested the giant orange building we were driving by... for some reason I had never seen this giant glaringly bright orange building before, but figured what the hell, let's eat at the orange place.  I was surprised to find out it was a Don Pedro, I frigging love Don Pedro! Why didn't anybody tell me this was here?The atmosphere is great, the interior is very Mexican. They give you THREE salsas, 3 free salsas when you sit down and warm chips.  Then the guacamole cart rolls on by, that stuff is awesome.  The staff here is attentive, friendly and helpful with the menu.  And the menu, ahh.. the menu, it's huge! I've had the tacos and ACP, both great choices.  This is truly one of the best Mexican joints in Charlotte and I'm so happy they opened in the University area!And anywhere I get to show off my high school Spanish skills is a win in my book.
4	While I wanted to give 5 stars for the salsa and flauntas I got. The lack luster Texas fajitas ruined the meal for my hubby. He described them as veggie overload with bits and pieces of scrap meat thrown in. The meat in my flauntas was very tasty. The cheese enchiladas were good but strange as they had only cheddar cheese and no sauce of any kind. We will likely return and try new entrees. The 3 sauces with the chips were all phenomenal!
1	I went here for lunch today because I love their food.  However, I was really disappointed when the waiter cheated me and my friend out of our money.  I asked for a margarita (while looking at the specials menu which was $5.99).  He asked if I wanted a fresh margarita and I said yes, while looking at the specials menu.  Next, when we ordered our meal I said I want a lunch special $5.99 (substitute the tostada for an enchilada).  And my friend said the same.  We got our check.  He charged me for a regular margarita ($12) and both of us for a more expensive meal (close to $9).  When I complained about the drink he said I told you about the FRESH margarita.  I was like you saw me looking at the specials you should have explained the difference in price.  I did not realize the difference in price for my meal until I got home.  They are thieves.  Do not go here unless you want to be tricked into spending more money than you expect.
3	Stopped by after shopping to do take out. Saw how extremely nice, clean and authentic inside, I decided to sit down in the bar area to watch boxing. Love Boxing. My Waiter was very nice, called me "Senorita" and just little things aside from not having napkins nor eating utensils, that was quickly resolved.I could have ordered something more mexican authentic, but for the first time I always order a mixed fajita (chicken, beef and shrimp) to review if I would return.Well, another post stated it was bits and pieces of scrap meat thrown in; this is correct.  It had NO taste until the middle when it got tastier. The red and green peppers as well as the onions were not overcooked.  That being said, 3 Amigo's had the best mixta fajita over all the Mexican places I've patronized.Upon leaving, the Mariachi Band was beginning to play, but is was 10:30 and I wasn't drinking.  It would have been nice to hear and watch boxing while eating.I will return to try another dish as the atmosphere was enlightning.  Hopefully the a new dish will be too.
5	Jump right in the margaritas are fine! Its a restaurant with a lot of character. I came on karaoke night which was done completely in Spanish! How awsome is that. From just walking in the door could tell this place wasn't you average Mexican spot. The menu offers what I took to be more traditional Spanish dishes and not just chimis and taco salads.  The service was prompt and adequate to be fair I came late night. I got the milanesa....AMAZING. DEEP FRIED STEAK.  The food put me over the moon and the barkeeps were on it. The food is worth what you pay for. The amount you get on your plate is enough to feed a small family and a horse! Well maybe not the horse too but you won't leave hungry. All and all the restaurant is worth your time believe me you won't be disappointed.
5	I've never had better service at a mexican restaurant.  The food is great as well.  Don't skip getting the cheese dip.  It is killer.  Our 9 month old boy knocked over my drink as soon as I got it.  The staff was so friendly with getting it cleaned up and making sure our experience was excellent.  I think that this is now my go to mexican restaurant in University Charlotte.
3	I enjoy eating here as it's always on the short list of a friend of mine.  While I have found lower prices elsewhere, I certainly wouldn't call this place expensive.  I very much enjoy the fresh salsa and chips, and love their chimis.  You can't go wrong with this place.  And they always bring us a little desert at the end of the meal.  I don't know exactly what it's called, but it's fried tortilla with honey and whipped cream.  Perfect way to round out the meal!
3	Average in every way, Don Pedro reminds me of a place my cousins love in Texas. It's as white-America as you can get with still having Hispanic people work at your restaurant.Cheesy decor? Check!Big menu with essentially 10 items rearranged? Check!Waiter that hits on me in front of my mom and sister? Check, and GROSS!Seriously, this place is OK but do yourself a favor and come on down to Central Ave and East Charlotte - I promise you there are 2873298362879632 places that are better, fresher, more authentic and less likely to sexually harass you.
3	Went here tonight by accident, we were looking for a steakhouse that closed down nearby and discovered Don Pedros. The atmosphere is fun and party like. Service is good. The food is fresh but taste is just acceptable. We had the mixed seafood platter and gaucamole. The salt content of everything is high and the margarita was way way overpriced and not good. This is not going to be my go to place for good Mexican food, only for dining in a fun atmosphere. My go to places for food will be on North Tryon or even On the Border is better. But I think this place did a great job of decorating and creating a good social and relaxed atmosphere. Definitely worth checking out for the atmosphere and service, food just happens to be available as well.
4	The food is good- the portions are huge, even for the lunch combos.  The staff is friendly, and the decor is very cute.
5	Love Don Pedro's the food is great, the prices are good (better for lunch) and the place is so nice. Also the service is really good which is what I look for the most.
4	Been here three times and have never been disappointed.  In a world of mediocre wait staff you will not find that here. (We feel like there's a parade in our honor every time we walk through the door!)  The fresh margarita is yummy, and my go-to dish is the Pollo con Crema.  While Don Pedro's might not be the most authentic Mexican fare, it's pretty inexpensive.  You'll eat till you explode and still have plenty left for the takeout box.  And the super friendly staff will point you to some of the more obscure Mexican bakeries, etc. in Charlotte.  And if they recommend them, I'm on it.
1	Waitress was good. Got our food & didn't really like it. I tried to eat it but barely touched anything but the rice. I was full on chips and didn't feel like I could eat another dish. When I asked for it to be taken off the bill (which I NEVER do), the manager YELLED at me. My boyfriend and I were appalled. He was being beyond rude, so much my boyfriend almost lost his cool and had to ask the manager to leave the table. Needless to say.. we will never return. Nothing was resolved and we paid $35 for food we were grossed out by.
5	Good start: the 32" dos x is $5.99. Fajitas $8.99 authentic looks, service and food,Lovin it!
3	I had purchased a Groupon and they were able to scan from my IPhone. " checkout Groupon for specials. The  food was DeLish it came out fast and hot , Carlos our sever was great! The host was also attentive. The atmosphere was welcoming. I think they may have entertainment on the weekend. Oh yeah my margarita was nice.
5	Absolutely amazing food for a great price. Fresh guacamole that they make in front of you is wonderful. Ordered the steak fajitas and my husband ordered the chicken fajitas. I preferred the steak but both were good. You also get a lot of food for the price.
2	We had a Groupon that had to be used at this location. A little out of our way, but we like Don Pedro. Unfortunately it will probably be our first and last time there. The restaurant was very nice, and the staff very friendly, but the kitchen wasn't on their game. Hubby ordered 2 Burritos - one beef, one chicken - both came out chicken. I ordered the ground beef burrito - also came out chicken. Maybe they were out of beef and thought we wouldn't notice.
4	Very good food! You get a lot of food for your money. The servers are always very friendly and attentive as well. I always get nachos and everything is DELICIOUS, I even purchased their Groupon deal. Only reason they don't get 5 stars is because their "birthday song" for guests is extremely loud and disruptive. They use loud whistles, bells and the whole nine, you can't even hear the people at your table while it's going on. Other than that, great restaurant!
5	Great food, service, and bang for your buck. Huge plate of food for the price. True authentic Mexican food that will bring you back again.
4	Great decor almost like Mexico City. Good authentic service and quality food though fairly normal selections. Good for larger groups too.
4	Don Pedro is one of my favorite Mexican restaurants in Charlotte. My family and I have been there several times and we are rarely disappointed. The chips, salsa and pico de gallo are good. I love getting the fresh guacamole that they prepare at the table in front of you. We went there on a Sunday night once and they were out of avocados. I was devastated, to say the least.My favorite meal is the chicken chalupa and chicken enchilada combination. Their combinations are the way to go in my opinion. My sister always gets the steak and chicken fajitas. The margaritas are good too and are always on point.I took off one star because the service can be hit or miss. One time we had several different servers check on us and we asked each of them for another silverware and napkin set because my dad didn't get one. Each of them said yes but never came back. My dad finally had to ask the manager when he came with the food and then he finally got it. Another time we went and had the opposite issue - the waitress literally checked on us every MINUTE. I wish I was exaggerating.  We could barely have a conversation without her showing up and asking us if we needed something. It was beyond irritating and we all left seriously annoyed! Another time my parents went without me and they served my dad a beer in a HOT mug. He complained and they immediately brought a new one, but seriously? HOT BEER? LOLSo all in all - great food, but needs to work on service issues.
5	One thing I really miss about Charlotte is the awesome Mexican restaurants in close proximity to the University area. Don Pedro is among one of my two favorite Mexican places! It's a fairly new restaurant to the area, I think it opened about two years ago if I'm not mistaken.It's also kind of tucked away in a corner, so it's not a place you'll easily see from the road....but despite its limited visibility, the guacamole here is some of the best I've ever had!It's about $5-$7 including tip to have someone come to your table and make guac fresh at your table. Now I realize that a lot of places do this, but Don Pedro's has big portions and something about it just tastes better than the other places!I am pretty boring when it comes to Mexican restaurants...I always order the exact same thing everywhere I go...and it's not because I'm afraid to branch out....I just really love a cheese enchilada, refried beans, and a chalupa on the side. The quality of the enchilada is how I rate said Mexican restaurants.Don Pedro gets a 9/10.I've always had really attentive service here too and a bountiful amount of chips and salsa.
5	There are so many highlights of my visit, I don't even know where to start. The fresh guacamole is like no other. I was very impressed that they actually make it  at your table. The seafood quesadilla was seasoned very well and the margarita was excellent!
5	Great food and great service! We had the chicken and the steak fajitas and they were delicious! Big portions! Yummy guacamole made fresh at your table...I ordered a regular margarita and was HUGE...it was literally 3 drinks in one! I could not finish it. (The margarita was $10). My only negative was that they didn't list the prices of the alcoholic beverages. It's ambiance was festive and their booths and bar chairs are made from hand carved wood from Mexico. We did not order dessert (too stuffed!) but the menu had 8 choices and they all looked amazing. The server brought us a cinnamon fried tortilla with whipped cream and raspberry sauce and it was awesome!
