5	Wow! What a great view on the patio and we loved the pasta.  The wine and beer list is so extensive!  We had a terrific experience and it is a perfect anytime restaurant.
5	Amazing beer and wine selection. 16 on draft and a lot more in 12 oz and bomber bottles. With a chill patio and nice staff. Worth hanging out at for a couple of drinks and a bite to eat with friends
3	I went here for dinner with my guy last night and I completely agree with the other reviews, the patio is fantastic. It has a great view and its surprisingly quiet and secluded while being right above Indian School road. The wine and beer selection is impressive. I really like all of the local choices. The food however was underwhelming. I started with the fries which had rosemary and parmesan and a dipping sauce similar to a thousand island on the side. It was good, but not great. For our entrees we had the sausage and mushroom pizza, and the penne ragu. The pizza was tasty, it had caramelized onions three types of mushrooms and Italian sausage, the crust was just the way I like it not too crispy and not too soft, but definitely a fork and knife needed pizza. The ragu was interesting; it reminded me of everything that would be inside a shredded beef burrito but instead of a tortilla it's in a bowl with penne pasta underneath. It wasn't bad just unexpected. I wish we would have tried desert they all looked delicious, perhaps next time. All in all I think this is a great place for appetizers and drinks especially on their wonderful patio.
5	Like no other place in the neighborhood! This colorful little restaurant really stands out in Arcadia. The patio is just plain WOW!!  Hanging out at the bar, sitting next to the fireplace and enjoying a Coffee beer just can't be beat. The food has been great, most recently I enjoyed the Ragu, which was really great. The sauce was tasty and the meat was different than I was expecting, but way better than anything else I have tried elsewhere! I have also tried a few of their Pizzas and have always been very happy. From food and drinks to a great staff, this place has really outdone themselves. I am a fan and will be back.
3	A group of us went to check out this new place a week ago. The beer selection was awesome and I think I'll be finding myself belly up over there now and again. It wasn't the best place for a group of 7 but we could stand on the back patio near the bar and be just fine. The view is so nice from there you can't complain. It is probably better to go with just one other person, share a pizza, and have some drinks. We pizza and salad we had were ok but some of the food I saw around the space made me want to try more of their menu. Check it out for yourself.I wonder if they are going to get a liquor license but beer and wine works for me.
5	I was tossed between 4 or 5 stars because I didn't have a main course, but based on the appetizers, desert, wine and service we did receive, it was all 5 star worthy! We started with the Caprese and the 3 baked cheese tarts.  The Caprese was so fresh and delicious!  I don't like tomatoes, but they looked so fresh and juicy, which my friend confirmed and gladly ate them all.  The tarts were all perfectly sized for two people to share as an app.  I was intrigued by the Triple Cream Brie with Proscuitto roasted tomato pesto and basil. It melted in your mouth and sent your taste buds into a party frenzy with the wonderful flavors, but to look at it you would never guess the ingredients.  The fig tart was like a mini pie, very flavorful and had the perfect fig taste.  We were full after sharing just the two apps, so decided to enjoy our wine (a nice Malbec from Argentina, can't go wrong!) and then try a desert.  We went for the Cheesecake De Jour.  It was a cheesecake, topped with a thin layer of cream cheese and fresh berries in a prosecco sauce of some sorts - it was to die for, but not in an over rich way.  I could have had another slice!  It was also sized large enough for two people to share and enjoy, without over doing it.  I am looking forward to getting back and working my way down through the menu, as well as the wine list.  I am big fan of local AZ wines, and really like that many places are supporting their local wineries these days.  Now if only they would bring in more than Arizona Stronghold....but not a reason to drop a star!
2	2.5 stars might be more accurate. "Ok" is a good description of the place, it's not bad, but not good either, it's just there, and by there, I don't mean a place that I think I'll have a desire to return to. This place is like the girlfriend that seems perfect on paper, but just doesn't do it for you..."it" just isn't there. I say "on paper" literally because the menu looks great. They have a good, broad variety of beer and wine, as well as an adequate amount of selection on the dinner menu. And physically this girlfriend even looks good...this place has a nice patio (when it's not 110 and humid outside), and a good open feel inside that's quite nice at first glance. The longer we were in the place the more we saw the need to balance out all the hard surfaces on the interior as it is fairly loud and echo-y, and the finishes seem nice, but could have been put together a little more professionally. sooo what's the deal you ask? this place looks good, has a good menu, and a good patio, what's the downfall? It sets you up and never delivers. The descriptions and ingredients in the dishes should make for some very flavorful and decadent dishes, however, when tasted, there's nothing special about them. The ingredients were rather bland, and there wasn't even a good texture to write home about. We started with the baked cheese tartlet appetizer, which is a unique take on bruschetta that I was rather looking forward to. Picture flaky pastries that are strawberry shortcake style in shape with a layer of cheese at the bottom and the toppings above. The triple cream brie was almost undetectable in flavor and the Gorgonzola, although more pronounced, didn't seem like it was high quality...the richness and flavor just weren't there. The "red goat pizza" was up next. This is surely a promising lineup: goat cheese ricotta cheese, roasted red bell peppers, roasted tomato, fresh basil, and a sun dried tomato pesto sauce. Great "qualities" to have in a pizza right? But when you take a bite, you are left feeling empty, unfulfilled, confused how such a great sounding pizza can deliver such little flavor. There was no crust with a to die for texture or bites bursting with fresh ingredients, it was the girlfriend that just didn't give you that feeling.I can see why others have rated it higher, it certainly has the makings for something great, and maybe we hit it on an off night, but the delivery man came, and he showed up empty handed.
5	A few people had told me to check this place out, I was reluctant since I am still on my parlor pizza kick.  After trying their amazing fries (sounds weird for a pizza place but are awesome), looking and drinking through their great beer collection and trying 4 different types of pizza I am now hooked!I went in the middle of the summer and could not brave myself to sit outside, it must have one of the best views of camelback (despite the chase bank and telephone pole in the foreground) that I have seen at any place and their deck looks awesome!!!The staff was great and knowledgeable about not only the food but the beer and wine.  Do yourself a favor and check it out.
5	The pizza crust is perfect and the roasted tomatoes on the Margherita compliment so well.  Pair this with a glass (or two) of the Penelope Sanchez red and will you be a happy camper.The real star here may be the bowl of clams.  You'll find yourself mopping up that broth with their bread as long as your stomach has room.Their staff is knowledgeable and friendly.  They are passionate about the beverage offerings and it really rounds out an excellent experience.
4	A welcome addition to the Arcadia neighborhood.As of this writing I've tried the bravas fries, two of their pizzas, one of their pastas and one of their piadinas/flat breads.  All exceeded expectations.  Excellent beer selection and, from what I could tell a solid wine offering as well.  Ask about their Beer Club.Knowledgeable, friendly and attentive staff in a nice atmosphere and a misting system on their patio that, believe it or not, is strong enough to make 108 not only tolerable but enjoyable.Reasonably priced - which given the location isn't a given.I'd like to see this one stay around for a while.
4	Excellent food, great service and an even better line up of craft beers on tap and in their coolers.PS - they have a retail license which means you can take a 6 pack home when you pick up a pizza or just want to grab some unique beers on your way home from work.
4	Nice ambiance, uncluttered and classy without being snotty!  Every staff member was friendly - pleasant , not pushy.10-star dessert - lemon tart thing with a dollop of something magical on top, great presentation with some fruit and sauce.  Very nice wine & beer selection, interesting choices and good variety to go with everything on the menu (ask for help, don't guess).Saffron Shrimp Scampi - YES.  Plump, tasty shrimp. Lightest of light sauce with no greasy residue.  Fresh tomatoes & basil.  Very nice summer dish.Will definitely go back - take friends - try more dishes.  Really want to get out on that PATIO and watch the sun set when the good weather comes back.  NICE NICE place for dates or friends.
2	Disappointing.  =/  Both food and service were lacking. Went here the other night with a group of 6. It was a Tuesday, we arrived around 730pm and the place was pretty much empty. I think there were 2 people at the bar, but that's all i recall.... Found that strange based on the fact that I had heard the place was really good and I was looking forward to finally getting my mouth on some of their menu. Group ordered the meat plate and caprese salad, which I didn't try, but no one raved about them. I had been recommended to their pizza, so I ordered the Tuscan pie. Here's my issue with the food... the Tuscan pie is listed as having prosciutto, gorgonzola, amongst a couple other things. Prosciutto it was not. I'm 99% sure it was canadian bacon. Prosciutto is pretty discernible; in appearance, texture and taste. The meat was pink and thick-sliced like deli meat. Prosciutto came on the friggin meat plate, but they failed to put it on my pizza? Really? Then there's the gorgonzola, or should I say lack of?? I was 2 pieces into the pie before I had my first taste of it.  The pizza wasn't terrible; it just flat out did not arrive as it stated on the menu. Why did I not squabble with my server and demand a new pie?  Well, he would have had to come back to our table for that to happen.  He was possibly the worst server in the history of servers. After taking our appetizer order, he didn't come back until the apps arrived. It would've been nice to put our food order in prior to that, so that the food could come out when our apps were gone. Instead we sat waiting and hungry.  It would have been nice to have waters and sodas refilled, without having to ask a manager-type person who was passing by after our glasses went empty for 10 minutes... Or even if he could've stopped by to ask about the food, during either the apps or entree portion... Ugh. He was awful. If I had his name, I would tell you to stay away from him, but alas, I don't. The inside is nice and their patio looks like it would be good once the weather cools down. They have a good beer and wine selection as well, so it could be a good hh spot... I want to like this place, I really do.  We'll see. It won't be my first choice, but I will consider returning if prompted.
5	i love this place.The vibe is clean, contemporary and casual.  The menu is varied. High quality salads, pastas, pizzas and gyros - something for everyone. I enjoy the appetizers the most.  The clams with butter/wine sauce & caprese are unforgettable.The patio is a hidden gem.  It is spacious and comfortable.  Plenty of seating, a fireplace, misters, a pass-thorough bar and most impressive:  spectacular views of the mountains.  This patio is going to be the best thing going once cool weather strikes Phoenix.Their beer and wine selection is totally sufficient and the wait staff is friendly and attentive.  Fabulous portion sizes, very fair prices.  You can't go wrong here.
4	I went to Cave and Ives with a gaggle of ladies for a friend's bachelorette party. One in our party had been there before and her request to be sat in the foyer-area was accepted without hesitation. Our waitress informed not only the other staff members, but the owner that we were there for a bachelorette party and we had no less than 3 staff members come to our table with congratulations and advice on where to head for the evening. The owner poured our champagne!The majority of us had pizza. I ate the sausage and mushroom which was a little heavy on the sausage, but had just the right amount of mushroom. I ate about 75% of it and kept the rest for an early morning snack. The crust was a bit limp, no doubt due to the weight of the sausage, but overall I was quite pleased. A friend had the Tuscan pizza, which was pretty amazing. I thought that apple slices on a pizza would be odd, but the texture did not offend, especially since the flavor did so well with the proscuitto, fig marmalade and gorgonzola. Holy macaroni my mouth is watering just writing about it!The service and the food are just fantastic at Cave and Ives and I would highly recommend giving them a try!
3	Went here on a weeknight with family. This place is nice and quaint and seems to be a place more fitting for a dinner date or a small dinner gathering with family or friends rather than somewhere to enjoy the scene and casual atmosphere. The manager of the restaurant was more than accomodating and the service was fantastic. Prices were reasonable considering that it was a nicer place. They do also have a small patio with misters for days and nights when its cooler out which overlooks camelback mountain.Overall, I enjoyed my experience and will definately come back again.
4	Went here for dinner with a few friends before Buzzcation a few weeks ago. I love this place!You go upstairs & there is an AMAZING patio! The service was super friendly, too.I had the spaghetti and meatballs and you can bet I ate every last bite of those balls. The dish itself wasn't so huge that I was stuffed and didn't have to have a box of leftovers in my car to stink it up. It was juuuuuuuust right.And talk about a small world! The GM's wife owns The Herb Box, one of my favorites!I don't know much about the drinks there, but I do know the food & staff were stellar. I'll be back. (Don't say it like Arnold because he cheated on his awesome wife with a freaking housekeeper. What a loser!)
5	What a gem! All the positive reviews are spot on. Since the weather has finally reached the time where we can take advantage of sitting outside, we did. Not much of a view @ nite, but the patio is very nice & well-appointed. But the food/libations are the start. The shrimp scampi won't disappoint. Very flavorful sauce, a bit of a spice which was very nice. Zesty clams in white sauce was a hit, too. A lot of options on the menu from pastas to flatbreads to pizzas and salads. And the beer offerings & wine list are impressive as well. The place is owned by the same people who own Sacks & they take great pride in their culinary offerings. If you haven't been here, make it a priority! I know we'll go back, and often.
4	Really enjoyed the pizza and pasta. i will be back soon.
5	I used to live in this area and I watched the buildout of Cave and Ives - loved the look of the building and made a note to try it.I finally remembered to for my birthday on Tuesday and kick myself that I did not try it earlier!The place is as cool as they come - nice cozy dining room - others have written that it is too noisy - I did not notice that. We sat inside as it was a little chilly for one of us - we went out later after dinner to enjoy the awesome fireplace and the DO have space heaters - next time I will make it a patio night!Now the beverages - WOW - I am not a wine lover- but my aunt and my sister are and they were impressed by the list - also by the Malbec the Antonia our server recommended. I had a beer - I am SO bad with names - but it had black currant undertones, was not fruity, and PERFECT for me - and it was on draft! They have - I think 12 - draft microbrews... sort of a wow factor in itself.Food - unbeliveable - the specialty pizza had a awesome crispy crust.. but not so dry that it was breaking in my hand - nice yeasty taste to the dough - and topped with awesomness - unfortunately I can not remember everything on it - but it was shrimp (perfectly cooked - not easy on a pizza - and beautiful presentation, but I think I would have preferred chopped - then I would get a balanced bite), pancetta, basil, and other yum stuff!I had the saffron infused shrimp scampi - again... perfectly cooked shrimp - nice shrimpy taste, not fishy -  al dente pasta and a sauce i finished up with the bread that came with it. My sister had the Caprese salad - perfect size - only comment would be a little thicker tomato (beautiful heirlooms!) to balance the mozza.My aunt had the moroccan (sp?) chicken flatbread - WOW - i had to go back and have this again 3 days later :) All the ingredents were chopped perfect size - great tzatziki sauce and the side sauce was awesome! Not sure of all the ingredients, but it gave a great end heat after the cool tzatziki!and the fries... YUM!!!go here and enjoy dinner - wine on the patio - hang out with friends - this place ROCKS!
5	Great private room. Food was good, beer selection and tastings great. Will be back.
5	Great upscale casual food at a reasonable price. We a few blocks away and visit this place often. We have never had a bad meal. The service is always great. I would recommend sitting at the bar where you will have the pleasure of meeting their wonderful bartender Ryan. He is very friendly and always in a great mood. They have a very nice patio with a fireplace.
2	Except for the deal on wine ($5 for a decent glass)  I can't recommend this place.  The food is blah.  I mean its not bad but the atmosphere sets you up for expecting alot more.
4	This is a wonderful little find.  We sat on the 2nd floor patio and it was the perfect fix for a busy day.  We sipped wine in front of the fire and watched the sky change colors over Camelback Mountain.  The service was fabulous.  They didn't rush us and without asking, split our shared orders for us.  The food was fabulous!  OMG!  You HAVE to get the walnut Gorgonzola salad with the warm sweetened balsamic dressing.  Mmmm.  I would get that again in a heartbeat.  We also split a flatbread with fries and it was excellent as well.  I will definitely go back.
4	Great atmosphere and views. We went for Valentines Day so we could enjoy a nice evening on the patio but of course it was frigid and drizzling that day so we moved our reservation inside with no issue. Waitress was very friendly and personable. Our food was delicious- shrimp scampi and caprese salad were fantastic! Our waitress even brought out a dessert for us since she thought our food took too long to come out (we were in no rush and hadn't even noticed). Definitely will go back especially when the weather warms up again.
5	Went here on st. patty's day after a spring training game. Excellent service, our bartender was really friendly/ helpful guy.  Had my favorite beer: dogfish head 90 minute which made me ecstatic since I haven't had it in a while.  We ordered the brie cheese, candied panchetta, and heirloom tomato bruschetta...must say, up there in the top five best things i've ever eaten.  The outdoor patio is badass
5	UMMMMMMMM...can I just say that this place needs to get more action!  The pizzas here are FANTASTIC!!  I discovered this place because it opened above SACKS.  It is around the corner from my house and I am so thankful it is.  The whole restaurant is open...I wish it had a little more space, but that is ok.  First, the Tuscan Pie is to die for!!  It has prosciutto, Gorgonzola, apple, arugula, a fig marmalade and balsalmic vingerette reduction sauce drizzled on top...at least I think that is what it is...I need to check the menu...but anyways its FABULOUS!!!  I wish I could eat it everyday!  I tried their Moroccan Pizza before they took it off the menu and it was awesome too!  Every single salad is great and the wine and beer selection is great too!  The staff is so nice and friendly.  I get this to go all the time and bring it home...and I have shared this with my friends too.  I love good Italian pizza and its great!
4	Another new great place in the Arcadia neighborhood  to grab some great food and select a drink from the extensive beer and wine list.  I think there were over 60 beers and 40 wines to choose from.  I thoroughly enjoyed the tomato and candied pancetta bruschetta and the lamb kefta...yummy!  Definitely check this place out when the weather is cooler and you can enjoy the view of Camelback Mountain from the patio.
4	Nice bar, small. Outside with mister is relaxing. Prices were okay... Did a low carb salad with side of meatballs... Very willing to accommodate a custom dinner.
5	This place is great. The food, atmosphere, and service. We have been multiple times now and tried burgers, pizza, and salads. We have not eaten anything that has not been outstanding. Every time we go the owner and his wife are there and come and visit every table. They have a very large selection of beer, which the owner went over in detail with my girlfriend. It is complimentary valet parking, walk up a small flight of stairs, and enter a dimly lit posh restaurant, but you do not pay the posh price. It's such a great place to wine and dine guest too!
5	Cave & Ives is a floor above Sacks Sandwich.  The food here is amazing!  The pizza is very good, their meet and cheese board is phenomenal!  If you're a beer snob like I am,  you are in beer heaven!  Over 80 beers available from all over the world!  I highly recommend this place if you're looking to unwind after a long day at work.
5	Not sure I'd label this Mediterranean, but I WOULD label it yummy!I had a pizza and my boyfriend had the clam appetizer and we were STUFFED. I ate the whole pizza because I couldn't stop. If you want a CUTE little restaurant with good food, good views, and some great beer and wine, Cave and Ives is for you.If you're thinking about it...stop. Just show up :)
5	Yum!  Tried this place for the first time last night and I will be back!   I will say I wish there was a sign down stairs directing you where to go, it was a little confusing at first.   The patio seating offers great views and you are protected from the setting sun.  They have a FANTASTIC beer selection.  I mean it.  I am rarely impressed by beer menus and this one did it for me.   I started off with the cheese plate, loved the presentation and the cheeses.  They were not what you usually get around town.  I only wish they came with an explanation of what was what.   The Apple Gorgonzola salad with the warm balsamic was delicious.  We barely had room left to try a bite of the Red Goat pizza, but let me tell you a bite is all that was needed to ensure a return visit for more.  I can't wait to go back and try the other menu options.
5	Cave and Ives is an excellent restaurant. Great food, great drinks, and great atmosphere. I love the drink selection. They have more beers than I could possibly try in a year. The food is always delicious, and they frequently have specials unlike anything on the menu. I love the layout and feel of the restaurant. Casual dinner environment with a fantastic patio. My recommendations: Crispy Bravas Fries, Chopped Salad, Red Goat Pizza, Sicilian Pizza, Lemon Chicken and Artichoke Pasta.
2	Located above Sacks on Indian School, this place is kind of a hidden gem. Or it was.I came here w/ a group that had a reservation. When our reservation was made, we were not told we'd be experiencing their last night in business.We got a salad and 2 of their popular pizza. Meh, Ive had better.In fact, Ive had better food from Sacks downstairs which is why I was very surprised when our waiter told us that the same people own this place.Our waiter seemed flustered and was inattentive. Their patio looked nice, spacious, w/ a large fireplace.We only stayed here for maybe a half hour.I dont really need to tell you I wouldnt go back because, well, theyre closed!
4	this place is great! the pizza is just that good! i think that's what makes the wait that much worse, knowing just how great it is and that you have to keep waiting before you can have it! argh!
5	somebody please propose to me here! the food is 5 stars. service is excellent. views. . . the arrangement, it's an experience. i will always love this restaurant
4	This place has changed names and categories. It is now called The Attic and is an American Pub. They have 21 beers on tap and great atmosphere, though the music is too loud for a date. They specialize in burgers and beer and claim to have one of the 5 best burgers in the world (as rated by best burger guide). I don't eat red meat so I can't attest, but the veggie melt and bruschetta were fantastic, the flavors were very good and well above bar food. Check out the newer reviews under its new name, and give this place a shot!
