5	I love this restaurant!!   Great spot on the lake in Lake Las Vegas.  Roger is an awesome waiter. The beet/goat cheese salad is a great way to start the meal. The steaks and chicken Meile are very tasty!   It's french-fusion, not fussy french. As with all of Lake Las Vegas Village, the interior of Bernards makes you feel like your are in Europe.A relaxing world away.  All of this at a reasonable price too!  I go there every time I'm in the area. I was in Lake Las Vegas last weekend.  There is a great  buzz and energy happening out there again.   Go check it out.   The Lake, mountain, scenery and the food is spectactular!
5	I have recently started enjoying Montelago Village in Lake Las Vegas.  I know it is terrible timing with the Ritz and casino closing but the Village shops and restaurants are separate and I think they are going to do their best to stick around.The village is really charming and it borders the beautiful man-made lake.  Bernard's Bistro is right on the lake and the view from the patio is amazing.  Like most of the restaurants in the village, they allow dogs in the outdoor dining areas.  In Spring, I hope there will still be the free concerts at the Lake because Bernard's is the perfect place to watch them from.I had lunch at Bernards and the quality and presentation of the food was perfection.  I had the lentil soup of the day and it was very flavorful.   I also had the vegetable crepes which was the best vegetarian dish I have ever had at a restaurant and I have tried A LOT.   The crepes were a large portion of spinach and artichoke hearts topped with a creamy cheesy roux sauce.  The lunch prices were very cheap - less than 9 dollars for the crepes and the sandwiches and entrees were all around $10-$15.  There was fantastic service with plenty of refills on my delicious iced tea.  I plan on coming back for lunch more often as the weather improves.
5	We came to lake las Vegas  for a company sponsored weekend and visited this restaurant.  The food was awesome, even the tuna sandwich is delicious, the service great and just a great ambience.  Prices were really great too!
4	Gespacho is really, really good. Nice and intimate. Quiet this time of year.
5	Originally the boyfriend, boyfriend's mom, and I went to Lake Las Vegas to have lunch at Black Pepper Grill, but they were closed... We discovered Bernard's Bistro and thought we'd give it a try.The waiter was very nice and friendly. Since it was at the end of the lunch hour, we had the restaurant to ourselves. Nice decor inside and we sat next to the Frank Sinatra wall.I got the Caribbean salad (don't remember the full name) w/a curry dressing. The waiter said it was there top selling dish and I could see why. It was delicious!!The waiter also suggested we come back on the weekend, where they have live music, show films, and have all sorts of fun outdoor activities.Overall it was a great experience, great service, and great food.I will be going back to see try there dinner menu and enjoy the night time activities by Lake Las Vegas.
4	I had the tuna / Tammy had the fillet - wow was it tender.  Service was great. Mom had the fillet also and that was terrific also. Dad had the burger and it was over cooked (he managed to eat it all).  Salmon was good and the tenderloin was terrific.  The folks that run this place, took great care of us, we showed up as a large party, late and they did everything to quickly whip a table together and then go on to provide terrific service with a great staff.  The food was great all around and the atmosphere was very comfortable.  A solid 4, a gem out on lake Las Vegas and i really liked the open kitchen and the outdoor seating.  Bravo Bernard
4	Lake Las Vegas for dinner?, inside or out (although it's 105 deg outside and it's almost dark) jazz concert via the patio or inside. Great!
2	I went here for brunch this morning. I have been craving french food for weeks now. So happy when i got a gift certificate from the awesome restaurant.com last month to try this place out.The place was pretty empty around 1/130ish when we got there. The waiters were especially nice and helpful to my parents who aren't french food experts. They brought us out a bread basket that was just mostly toast and an alright baguette. (also with butter and jam) for being a somewhat fancy place (and could be romantic on a warmer evening by the waters of lake las vegas) i was hoping for mini croissants along with other mini fresh french breads. let down.I ordered the veggie crepe. I love savory crepes and already was craving it for days now after looking up the menu. spinach and artichokes in a crepe with melted cheese. mouth watering with all that yums in my head. It arrived to me and I was so excited to dig in...until i actually did. Food should make you want to eat more. crave it. mouth water for it. This "savory" crepe did none of the above. It was lacking some spice. or maybe it just needed less cheese. There was just something about it that left me...not wanting more. My mother agreed who shared with me.My dad had the fish and chips and said it was pretty bland. The pomme frites that came with it were hardly impressive.Now onto my boyfriends food...he had the smoked salmon eggs benedict. Now this I was impressed with. His had me wanting more. Had that certain quality that you crave in food. i'm lucky he shared some with me. It had a little spice left in my mouth after every bite that had me wanted to come back.I'm giving it two stars for the nice and helpful service and my boyfriends eggs benedict. maybe it even could go for 2.5 I just wish this california/french bistro left me wanting more. I will post pictures of the food tomorrow.
3	Bernard's is a French Bistro located at one of my favorite spots in Las Vegas, Lake Las Vegas. I've passed it many times and this past Saturday I went for Brunch with my Girlfriend and her parents. The service was very friendly and helpful with breaking down the menu for those not familiar with French food. Though despite being a fancy looking place our bread basket came out with mainly toast and jam which kind of took away from the experience being that I expected Croissants and more/a better baguette. It's rare for me to critique the starter and apologize if I come off pretentious but I was not impressed. My girlfriend had the Spinach & Artichoke Crepe which looks great. Despite ordering it easy on the fondue both My Girlfriend and her mom felt it was still too cheesy and not leaving you desired to have more. My Girlfriends father ordered with Fish & Chips which should be an easy mark to hit but after trying it we all agreed it was very bland. I however lucked out with my meal when I ordered the Eggs Benedict with Smoked Salmon. The eggs were done perfect and served on a nice durable English Muffin. Usually places put too much or too little Hollandaise sauce, but not only did they put the right amount but the sauce it self was very well balanced. It wasn't too sweet at all yet full of flavor which I find rare. Of course the Smoked Salmon only helped being that it was a nicely prepared portion leaving a light spice and an amazing taste in my mouth (The seasoned potatoes served with it weren't bad either). Unfortunately it seems the dished are a bit hit and miss but I give it 3 stars for the Service, Location, and the strength of my dish in particular.
2	I didn't go back here a week after writing my very bland review, but I must add on that this place charged our credit card twice. We gave it a few days because sometimes bank errors happen and it still didn't go away. After 2 days of calling and calling (no one ever answers and their voicemail is full) they played dumb asking if we had proof. are you serious here bernard? proof that you double charged us? the ONE receipt and the DOUBLE charge is proof enough.Be careful if you go here. Bland food and double charged.
5	My wife and I went to Lake Las Vegas for Shakespeare and it ended up becomming a romantic dinner for two next to the lake. My wife went scouting for where to have dinner after MacBeth was finished and she found a restaurant.com coupon for Bernard's Bistro and we ended up having a wonderful time!! We both had a steak and the hostess/manager, Kelly, was completely amazing!!! She made the dinner way more romantic by guaranteeing us the booth in the corner outside and she checked with us a few times to make sure we were doing all right. The atmosphere was amazing and the food was great too!! We will definitely be repeat customers.
4	Bernard's Bistro is a quaint little restaurant located next to the ice skating rink. The staff is small but friendly, and you can actually see Chef Bernard himself cooking in the kitchen. The menu, inspired by French and California cuisine, is a diverse mix of reasonably priced dishes from savory crepes, sandwiches and salads (ranging from $10 to $15) to more expensive fare like filet mignon medallions and Chicken Mille Feuille. Upon the recommendation of the server, I ordered a Grilled Chicken sandwich, which came with a side salad. The presentation of the dish was lovely, and I was surprised by the large portion size. There wasn't just one sandwich, there were four open-faced sandwiches (made from slices of crusty baguette) each smeared with pesto and topped with a generous piece of freshly grilled chicken breast, a sweet mustard sauce, a slice of juicy tomato (lightly roasted for concentrated tomato flavor), a slice of avocado, and a drizzle of balsamic reduction. On the plate was also a small salad dressed in the same balsamic reduction sauce, and slices of cucumber and turnip. I enjoyed every element of the dish. I also tried the tuna sandwich.  What I liked about this sandwich was the lightness of it as the tuna wasn't drenched in mayonnaise. Though I thought this sandwich was good, I definitely enjoyed my sandwich more. The only problem about these open-faced sandwiches is the difficulty involved in eating them. The tuna sandwich was easier to eat as I just picked it up and ate it with my hands, but I used my fork and knife to eat my grilled chicken sandwich. But this doesn't detract from the tastiness of the food. Service is friendly and knowledgeable, and the ambiance of the restaurant is cozy, perfect for a date night. If you happen to be in Lake Las Vegas, I suggest trying Bernard's Bistro. Not only will you have a nice dining experience, but you'll be supporting a local business as well.
4	I am going to give Bernard's 4 stars because the service and ambiance helped make the night a great one. We were staying at Ravella and came across this as we walked through the Village. The menu looked intriguing (French with a California twist mostly), they had someone playing the piano and it looked busy so we thought it might be a good choice for dinner. When we first entered the buser/hostperson gave us the impression there would be a wait for a table but then another buser came to our rescue and offered up a very nice "reserved" table in the corner near the piano. We ordered 2 glasses of wine and the bus person returned with a newly opened bottled and poured the glasses right at the table (he was heavy handed with his pour so it was like a serving and 1/2 which is always nice ;-)...) For a starter we shared the Grilled Artichoke which was served with a very nice balsamic vinegar drizzle. The artichoke was good but not great, it needed to be drained a little more before it was put onto the grill. When you pulled the leaves off they had excess water coming off of them and it was annoying not to mention it almost dripped all over my shirt. For dinner we had the Chicken Mille Feuilles and the Filet Mignon based on Roger's recommendation and both dishes were very good. It did seem like the chicken dish had twice as much food on the plate as the filet dish but we were both happy with our meals. The only negative to the meal was the veg on the side was barely warm when the plate came out. Roger and the rest of the team did a great job of interacting at the table and making you feel like your business was truly valued by the team. At the end of our meal Chef Bernard made rounds through the dining room and great each table.Overall our unplanned, suprise valentines dinner was enjoyable and I know we want to go back to try the lunch/brunch since we are fans of quiche next time we are out at Lake Las Vegas.
2	Went here for lunch this week. All of Lake Las Vegas is pretty much deserted, so there weren't very many lunch choices to begin with. The food was par. The cobb salad was your run of the mill. The wine was decent, but a stingy pour. The waiter was friendly, maybe a little too much if you catch my drift. Overall an average experience. The food is a little pricey and the service seemed to be a little slow considering the lack of a crowd. I probably would not go back.
1	Okay. I am completely taken aback that this place has such a high star rating. My husband and I dined here on October 4, 2009, the day after our wedding, while we were on a mini-vacation at what used to be the Ritz Carlton in Lake Las Vegas. We made reservations here because we thought it had the most appealing menu (LOVE French food) of the restaurants in the village, and we wanted our first dinner as newlyweds to be exquisite. If only the concierge had warned us, I wouldn't have ended up at the Mexican bar across the way at 10PM starving. We started off with the grilled artichoke. This was probably my mistake because I have never actually eaten the leaves of an artichoke, only the heart, but hey, it was my vacation and I wanted to try something new! They bring out the artichoke with a nice herb aioli but I didn't know how to eat it. I'm sitting there scraping the stuff off the leaves with my teeth (which is apparently correct), but it just didn't seem right because I was getting very little artichoke and mouthfuls of aioli. So I grab the first person I see since my waiter has not visited me, and I ask her how to eat this. She's totally clueless and has to find my waiter. He comes over and tells me he THINKS I'm supposed to scrape it off with my teeth. Okay. Great. I don't finish it. We order entrees and it takes FOREVER for them to come out. My husband ordered the pistachio crusted salmon in lavender sauce and I get the prime NY steak & frites. When our entrees finally come out, I see the waiter holding a plate with my steak on it and it is literally wobbling. Who butchered this steak so that it is wobbling on a plate and won't lay flat?! I don't judge this book by it's unprofessional cover and decide to give it a taste. The sauce is amazing but due to the terrible way this steak was cut, the entire edge is way overdone and the disproportionately thick middle is barely medium, the way I ordered it. The fries are pretty yummy, but get soggy because of the sauce running from the steak which I don't touch. I send my food back and don't even want to waste anymore time here because by now, we've been here for more than an hour to see that my entree is inedible. My husband finishes his fish which he said was pretty good, and we book it to the only place that's open at 10PM in the village. They seriously ruined my night. Maybe I just had a bad experience here, but I prefer Pamplemousse or the Eiffel Tower Restaurant ANY DAY over this.
1	After reading the mostly positive reviews I thought I would give the place a try... Much to my regret.  While the food was good, the entire experience was ruined by the horribly slow service.  The entire ordeal ended up taking around 3 hours for dinner.  I don't know what my waitress was doing, but I do know she was NOT busy taking care us.  I saw the bussers about 4 times for each time she visited us, and that is only because we had to ask someone to get her.  She never once came on her own to check up on us.  Then end this with a nearly 40 minute wait from the time I asked for my bill to the time I was finally able to leave.  I am usually a 20-25% tipper but for the first time in my life I was so angry I left nothing.  The best part was that she had the audacity to run out of the restaurant to ask for her tip!  It was by far the fastest I'd seen her move all night.  Had she been that fast from the start she would have received a nice fat tip.
4	My boyfriend & I had our 4th of July dinner (2011) here & we loved it. The food was nothing less than AMAZING, the customer service was excellent, the prices were very reasonable & the ambiance was nice. They don't have to big of a menu, but the entrees my boyfriend & I tried tasted like perfection. (Brazilian stuffed chicken & pistachio crusted salmon) I'm definately going back here & will recommend this place to everyone.
1	Passes itself off as a French Bistro.  Well, at least  the bread was good.  Escargot was ok, though more like something they buy pre-prepared (no shells).  Crepes were awful and were obviously microwaved.  We're not that picky, but micowaved crepes??!!!  Service was decent until it got a little busier (why it gets busy I don't know) when our waiter seemed to forget about us.  At least they have Kronenborg but that's not enough for us to ever consider going back
4	Bernard's c'est bon.  A quaint bistro in a quaint shopping area of the Lake Las Vegas hotels, this is a great place to drive to just to get away from the city and have some good food.  After checking in the Ravella hotel (thanks Groupon!) my hubby and I decided to walk down to the shopping/eating area outside and try this place.  It's listed as a French restaurant, which it is, and done in a northern french style.  The food is quite good, sounds fancy, and tastes delicious.First off, service is impeccable.  They are on top of drinks and the free bread, which they are happy to refill.  The bread is perfect!  Served with some butter, it's yum.  They have things like lavender sauce with fish and escargot.  We tried a few things and they were a hit.First, we had some grilled artichokes topped with walnuts, aged balsamic, and salad. A mayo sauce accompanied the dish for the artichoke, and it was creamy good.  The artichoke was grilled perfectly and just had the right soft texture to enjoy.  The aged balsamic was fantastic.  I loved having it all over the salad and even stole my husband's share.  The escargot was in a white wine cream sauce, a bit different from Southern France's garlic butter sauce.  It was still quite good, topped with diced tomatoes, mushrooms, and onions.  With that baguette sliced up to soak up the sauce, it was a great appetizer to order.  I would have ordered another one but I had a steak coming.  The sauce was slightly strong on the wine part, but overall it was quite good and the tomatoes helped add a freshness to the dish.The peppercorn filet (pepper cream sauce) with steamed vegetables in a butter cream sauce and some pomme frites were all very lovely.  The steak was cooked to perfection and seasoned well.  The sauce was a bit salty, but with the vegetables it was balanced.  The fries were crispy with a soft center, perfect to lapping up the remnants of the peppercorn sauce on my steak.  My husband's bass with lavender sauce and a puree of leeks was fantastic.  The fish was cooked well, seasoned right, and had the nice, crispy skin we all love.  Despite all that food, we ate creme brulee and some tartan, which was quite lovely.  There is a hint of lavender in the brulee and the apple tartan, although almost baby food-like had great depth of flavor.  The gelato it was served with was creamy and helped the tartan a great deal.Overall, it was a great meal and I would drive out there to eat again sometime. I prefer their dinner menu.  Although far out of town, it's a nice drive and a nice place to get away.  It may not take me to France, but it's French enough to make me say bon apetit.
3	This place is just OK, especially considering their high prices. A lot of pretension and not a lot of quality. The only thing I liked was the ceasar salad.
5	I have maybe a half a dozen places that will forever be in my mind as really special, and Bernard's Bistro is one of them.Let me begin by saying that I hate Las Vegas!  I go there every couple of years just to remind myself why I hate it so much.  Yesterday was a cold and very windy day in Las Vegas, and my wife and I decided to get in the car and drive to Lake Las Vegas.  We had seen the video of Andrea Boccelli singing in LLV, and the place looked awesome.  When we arrived the whole area looked like a ghost town.  I wanted to have a glass of wine (or two) and some cheese, and be near the lake.  We walked into Bernand's Bistro, and they waiter, Jesus, immediately came to us and asked if we would like to sit near the bar because it would be less windy when the door opened.I looked at the lunch menu, and they didn't have a cheese plate.  We ordered a chicken sandwich, wine, and asked Jesus is they had a cheese plate.  He said that he would make one for us.  Shortly after, Jesus brought the wine, some delicious warm sour dough bread and butter.  Then came the cheese plate, exactly as I had imagined it.   The chicken sandwich was amazing, and everything was presented as if it were a televised competition.I still hate Las Vegas, but in two years we're going back to Bernard's Bistro and probably will stay in Lake Las Vegas.  It is that nice!
4	Food was delicious.  Had escargot, tuna tartare, ribeye, and salmon with pistachios.  Escargot was tasty, just didn't care for the sauce which had bacon in it which overwhelmed the escargot.  Tuna tartare was delicious with the avocado, the ribeye was perfectly cooked and a huge slab of meat.  The salmon was wonderfully cooked as it was nice and juicy, not tough and dry.  The tiramisu for desert was great, but the menu said it came with raspberry couli, but they gave us a drizzle of caramel sauce instead.  Overall, great place or a romantic dinner date as a treat once in a while.
5	I was enchanted buy this restaurant. The place is in front of the water in a very small community that resembles a small town in Italy.The food was incredible! I started with the escargots, bathed in a garlic and butter sauce, with some parsley and other spices. They were so yummy and light! Then I had the Ahi Tuna over vegetables, TO DIE FOR! it was perfect and finished the meal with a chocolate cake that I will never be able to have it again because I think i gained 10 pounds since then.Love the place, the Chef came over the table and check on our food to make sure we were 100% happy, and took a photo with him.Will try to post the photo.Overall everything was superb!
5	We love Bernard's!! It really feels like a French restaurant in the middle of the desert. My family and I request Hugo, and he gives us excellent service and recommendations. I recommend the tandoori chicken--though it is not like other tandoori chicken I have had in the past but it is still very good. Definitely a nice stop in the Lake Las Vegas area.
4	Wonderful lunch with great service. We had the chicken and mushroom crepes and the shrimp, avocado sandwich.  Both dishes were delicious and attractively served. We will be back!
4	What a great little place, walking into Bernard's it looks like it belongs at the beach somewhere, it has great personality, the food was incredible in taste and presentation, we had Escargot shared a great Asian salad and a chicken breast open-face sandwich with a couple glasses of wine, our waiter Sergio was very charming, he talked us into coming back for dinner and music on the weekend, we live across town but we will come back. Thanks Bernard... Keep up the good work.
1	I have been a loyal customer for years. Going a min of once a month I was so excited when I saw them on restaurant.com. I purchased 6 gift certificates to them right away. Today I had family in from out of town and as I usually do I took them to this place for lunch. In the middle of our meal the server came up to us and said that the owner would no longer accept my certificate. I calmly pointed out to her that it CLERLY states on it that it dose not expire, and she proceeded to go back to the owner. Again we were approached during our meal by the owner himself and very loudly claimed that he wont be accepting it reguardless of what it claimes the expiration is. I was horribly embarassed in front of not only my guests but all surrounding tables. I dont care how good the food is I refuse to put one more dollar in a owners pocket that conducts himself in such a mannor. Oh and not to mention it is illigal to deny a gift certificate purchased to your establishment!!!!
1	I will preface this by saying that I know we were a large group of 19 people and that there was another large group of approximately 20 people at the front of the restaurant as well.  I know the other group had arrived about a 1/2 hour before us.  We had made a reservation over a week prior to our visit.  We had asked that we would be able to sit on the patio together.  When we arrived we had 3 tables of eight and was told that each table would be on one check and that they were not able to split the check any further.  We had one server for all 3 tables. After quite a while of sitting at our table and the bread basket was empty, which was never refilled and sat on the table during the course of the night,  we finally had our orders placed.The salads for the table I was sitting at came out and the food runner said he had the soup for the table but it wasn't until we realized that the table next to us received theirs that our tables had yet to arrive.  We had to ask for the soup. Once we asked it came out right away.  When ordering we were told the salads were big enough to share.  One couple asked for an extra plate to split the salad and was brought out a small bread plate.Our entrees came out and the garnishes (Mashed potatoes & vegetables) were luke warm and near cold although the meat was hot. Plus the entrees were "auctioned off" and I noticed this with other diners as well even the two tops.  This drives me crazy, you have two people at a table and you don't remember who ordered what??  That is why seat numbers are used...Once we were pretty much done with our entrees, we realized that our third table had yet to receive their meals.  This while we had watched other diners in the restaurant come in after us and gone with full bellies.   Something is really off in this restaurant and the kitchen's timing.We ask for the check and they added not an 18% but a 20% gratuity.  At this point our server said she could split the checks a bit more but it had to be in groups of two and this she even got wrong. We were charged the wrong price for a bottle of wine, instead of adjusting the price we were comped $5 which meant we were charged the 20% on the full price of the bottle of wine vs the price that was listed on the menu. If you cannot accommodate two large parties at one time then why accept the reservation??  We or the other group could have easily went somewhere else or was told this will be the scenario when you arrive.  At this point we wish we would have.We as a group were not very happy with our experience at Bernard's Bistro.
4	Tried the Salmon with Lavender Sauce. The  fish tasted great and the sauce was an excellent pair. Will have to try others from the menu but so far food was great.
5	Great food, location and service.  The Onion Soup was the best I've ever had.
4	My friends and I stopped by Bernard's Bistro for some brunch yesterday. It was a beautiful day out in Lake Las Vegas, so we opted to eat on their patio. The waiter was very nice and even made sure our table stopped wobbling. That was much appreciated. My friend and I couldn't make up our minds between the Marinated Grilled Chicken Breast open faced sandwich, Caesar salad or French onion soup, so we ordered it all and shared. It was so much food! We couldn't even finish half of the sandwich between the two of us. Everything was delicious and the ingredients were very fresh. The sandwich was on sliced French baguette and had grilled chicken breast, cilantro pesto, tomato, avocado and a slice of green olive. I'm not an olive fan, so that went to my friend. I should mention that the sandwich is generally served with their house petite salad, but I asked for Caesar and they were kind enough to substitute it at no additional charge. We both really enjoyed the soup and salad. I'm not a big onion fan, but their version of French onion soup was amazing. It was slightly sweeter than others I've tried, but it was perfect. There was a generous amount of onions, bread and cheese. They even top it with fried onions which added a nice crunchy texture. I highly recommend it! The salad was very fresh and had the perfect amount of dressing. I don't like too much dressing on my salad, so if you do, you may want to ask for extra.  My two other friends shared the Gazpacho and a Tuna Salad sandwich. I tried both and they were also very good! I'm very picky when it comes to tuna salad, so I was pleasantly surprised by theirs. They add balsamic vinaigrette, so that made it taste surprisingly delicious. The Gazpacho was served with avocado and tasted great as well.All in all, this was a great experience. I would definitely stop by again!
5	I've been to Paris many times and I've never had French onion soup like the one I had at Bernard's. It was amazing, incredible, scrumptious and delectable! I normally order French onion soup when it is on a menu and it is usually bland or too salty. This one was perfect and the best I've ever had. I loved the melted cheese and how they garnished it with dried onions on the top. The view from the patio was beautiful on a gorgeous sunny day. I can't wait to go back there again.
1	We went there for dinner, me and about 7 coworkers. I was in Vegas on business. I had ordered the salmon which when they brought to me had a putrid smell to it. I cannot believe they would bring me a fish apparently they had in the freezer too long! Take this for what it is worth, he apparently preys on people that visit the Ravella Hotel. Sad, they should shut this guy down!!
4	French OnionSoup was killer & we will come back. Enjoyed the rest of the meal & thought it was fairly priced.
3	The food was good (a Cobb salad), and the atmosphere was pleasant.  I found the prices a little high ($16 for a salad?  Really?) , but given that Lake Las Vegas is a little piece of the Strip in the middle of nowhere, not unexpected.
1	Service was poor. Not enough wait staff for number of patrons. Ordered the fish and chips for lunch which were over greasy and leaked onto the plate. Fries were frozen and fried with same texture as McDonald's fries. Also they were soggy. For the same price point you can get higher quality fish and chips almost anywhere else. Girlfriend ordered a chicken crepe that looked like an enchilada because it was swimming in cheese. Not worth the price and will not return.
4	If anyone knows me at all, they know I am bitter about supporting Lake Las Vegas. However even back in the day when I worked in the area, I always was a fan of Bernard's. Did I mention French food isn't my thing? I know I know, how can I be a foodie who isn't fond of French? I don't like Ramen either, so sue me. ANYWAY, in this visit I started out with the Caesar salad with avocado and my bf started with the onion soup. 5 stars for everything about them. From presentation, to price, to flavor. Wonderful start to our meal. He went with the Brazillian stuffed chicken which was a breast stuffed with spinach, asparagus, and red peppers. I had the pistachio salmon. Both dishes were served with a side of potatoes and veggies. The salmon was perfectly cooked but would have been better with a side that occompanied fish versus meat. Our entire service was up to par, plus some. We sat outdoors and enjoyed the view of the lake while dining. I noticed the same little old man chef that was there years ago, I believe its Bernard himself. I would be a regular here easily. My only complaint may be small to some, but irritated me while dining. A fellow diner brought his well trained dog to eat with him in the outdoor setting. All is well with this, I understand that Lake Las Vegas caters to their residents and BY NO MEANS do I think they should change that. However when the man asked for a cup of water for his dog, I personally think it should be out of a different cup than what is served to humans. I am sure they wash properly. But the thought of the dog licking the same glass I am drinking out of somewhat disgusted me. Plastic, paper or even doggie bowls should be a suggestion for the regukars with animals. I will always choose Bernard's over the other dining options at the Village as from my experiences, its the best option there is.
5	We live in Lake Las Vegas and this is the best restaurant in the small village. Service is always great and the kitchen is fast (well prepped food that is completed to order).  Have never had a bad meal here, including last Friday with our son from out of town. Crepes are my favorite, petite sirloin and 3 sauces are excellent, desserts are housemade. Outside tables overlook the lake, white linens and cozy inside. Bernard is elderly but still a working chef who comes to the tables to say hello.
5	Best restaurant I've ever been to! Great guest service ! The Food was excellent and well prepared ! Bernard's bistro and their staff made me and my wife's 2 year anniversary truly amazing ! We are definitely looking forward to dining there again!
4	Nice little French place in the Lake Las Vegas Village.Dropped in for dinner while staying at Ravella.  It's a small, cute restaurant with nice stall and tasty food.  They were very good our daughters, checked in regularly with us to ensure were were enjoying our meal, and the execution on our dishes was great.The French Onion Soup is sweeter than what else I've experienced, but they make it work.  The Tartine I had and fish dish my wife had were both very enjoyable.
5	Had dinner here this evening. This was our first time here. Even though we  are locals, we have never eaten here until this evening. What a pleasant experience. The wait staff are all so friendly. We were seated immediately. Started out with the Onion soup. I must say, this was the best onion soup I have had in years!   I ordered the petite filet trio. It was perfectly prepared. So tender, and still hot when  it was placed on the table. Very flavorful.  Waitstaff checked on us often, our glasses were never empty.  Dirty plates were removed quickly.   We were treated like VIP's, from the time we walked in the door, until we left.  I will  definitely be back! If you are looking for a pleasurable dining experience, give this place a try!
5	Stopped in to celebrate Father's Day since I work weekends.  Was nervous but hopeful about our meal.  It was my wife, daughter and I in our party.  We were seated immediately as we had a reservation.  Having checked the menu before hand we went straight to ordering the french onion soup for our appetizer.  We loved the soup!  I would go back to Bernard's just for the soup!For entrees I got the peppercorn filet, my wife got the petite filet trio, and my daughter got the Caesars salad with chicken.  I loved my filet!  It was cooked exactly how I ordered it, with a delicious peppercorn sauce.  So tender I could almost cut it with my fork.  The fries that came with it were also delicious, however I was not impressed with the vegetables.  While very good quality veggies, there should have been more of them considering the price of the meal.  Not a big ding however.My wife was thrilled with her filet trio, which looked great to me.  I would have chosen that dish, however I thought the sauces would come on the steak, I wasn't aware they would be provided on the side, which is a great idea!  The mashed potatoes that the filet rested on were also delicious. My daughter's salad was a sight to behold with fresh veggies and a generous amount of dressing without being too much.  And they didn't skimp on the chicken - which was juicy and tasty.  We were also served french bread, which was delicious.  They also didn't skimp on that, bringing us 2 bowl fulls and I'm sure had we asked for more they would have brought a third bowl to us.     We finished with dessert, I had the chocolate fondant cake, my wife had the key lime cheesecake, and my daughter had the New York style cheesecake.  All three were terrific, but I think I lucked out with the chocolate fondant cake, which wasn't overly sweet or overly filling making it the perfect topper to a great meal.I have to make a special mention about the staff.  They were all wonderful, friendly and helpful!  They really made the dining experience a 5 star meal.  I was so impressed by the professionalism they showed and the care we received I was very happy and look forward to returning to Bernard's Bistro soon!
5	This place was amazing! Seven of us went to dinner and Everyone loved their food. That is saying a lot considering we had 3 kids with us who all ate off the main menu. The chef and owner was cooking in the kitchen.
5	Bernard's bistro is OPEN for business ... Bernard's bistro by the lake is open for business ..great place delicious food made fresh to order ..friendly staff and great service !! Thursday nights guitarist performs Sunday nights pianist perform and on Saturday nights Live jazz concert on the lake and you can sit out in the patio lake view and enjoy a great dining experience ...
3	This is my second visit at this place. I liked the food first time so I decided to bring my friend  here to celebrate his bday. When I called to make reservation, I have specifically told them about his bday. Please make sure to decorate the dessert. When I called again to change the reservation time, I told them again. When we arrived the restaurant, my friend asked them if they have any special for bday. The server was like oh okay whose bday? And I told him its his and I told them on the phone when I made the reservation. And then when the dessert came out, it was still not decorated. I was bit upset and I told the waiter. He did not apologize or acknowledge that they forgot. He just said he wasn't told by the front, but I have told him again when we're in the restaurant. Overall, the service was quite disappointed. Food was still good as the first time I tried it but I wouldn't celebrate any more important days here anymore.
5	My favorite restaurant in Vegas by far!! My fiance and I always go for the rack of lamb, the best lamb in Vegas... everything else we've had was also amazing!!Bernard always takes the time to come into the dinning room and makes sure our food was ok, and our favorite waiter is Hugo.. over all the food is delicious and presentation is always a ten and Hugo is the best.. thanks Bernard's for being outstanding!! Definitely will make time to stop in at least once a month if not more!!
3	Steak was not very good.  Ahi tuna was a bit dry and overcooked.  They don't have a full bar, only beer and wine. It has potential, but needs help.
5	Charming French restaurant located next to the lake at Lake Las Vegas.  The portions are quite large so easy does it on the ordering. The presentation is unique and loved the goat cheese and beet salad. My biggest compliment to Bernard's has to be for their service. They were incredibly patient has me a 3 friends occupied a table for just about 7 hours. We showed up for lunch, drank 8 bottles of wine and stayed for dinner. That's got to tell you something! I'm even having them cater a work event we are holding out at the lake in a few weeks too.
3	We were the only table (inside, outside there were two tables sat) at 5:30 on a Sunday evening. We hoped the overwhelming number of staff compared to customers, would lend itself to a great experience. The waiter asked of we would like something to drink, and because we had business to handle first thing we said "just sodas". The waiter seemed disturbed that we didn't order a glass of wine (despite not making a single recommendation), and snatched the wine list off the table rather rudely and says "so are you ready to order then?" With a bit of an attitude. I ordered the rack of Lamb, my wife the filet mignon in peppercorn sauce. We ordered both to be cooked medium-rare. I also ordered the escargot appetizer. The escargot came in a mushroom, bacon, and tomato scampi sauce. The snails were tough, but the interesting variation on the scampi sauce was great for dipping our bread in.  My lamb was served cooked at medium-well, with a slightly burnt tasting outer crust of Panko bread crumbs. After scraping off the crust, and getting past the toughness from being overcooked, the sauce was very flavorful. My wife's Filet was delivered cooked to medium. Hers was tender, but still rather dry. As with mine, her sauce was delicious. If the chef could master cooking proteins, like he has sauces, this place would get 4 stars for sure. Add a pleasant staff, and this could easily be a 5-star restaurant (despite it's identity crisis. Titanic was from England, Frank Sinatra is Italian, and they serve French cuisine?)
4	Great food, wonderful service, loved it. We had been reading bad reviews about the restaurants in Lake Las Vegas so we were nervous. However since we were staying here we tried it and couldn't be happier. We had the escargots and goat cheese/beet salad for appetizers. Both great although the bacon overpowered the escargot in that preparation. I had 3 filet sampler and Shelly Rack of Lamb, both prepared perfectly. And the view, AWESOME!Definitely would return.
3	I am being generous with the three star rating.  At this time my impression is that Bernard and his menu are "tired".  The food for years was amazing and now is often served half hearted and barely fresh.  Chef Bernard also does not update his menu to reflect the  seasons.  Example, the gazpacho is delightful during the summer months but has the flavor and texture  of canned ingredients during winter months.  Bernard, just remove the cold soups and tropical salads during the winter months and replace with hearty/savory HOT winter soups (vegetarian and traditional).  If you have a gluten or dairy allergy this is not your restaurant - nor are they willing to accommodate you.  Vegetarians also have slim pickings.  By that I mean you must consume loads of butter and cream with a vegetarian entree (quiche/crepes).  Nearly everything made at this restaurant has gluten or cream in the recipe.  The salads that include meat fail to state whether the meat is served hot or cold.  So if you order a salad with "sliced roast beef" or "grilled chicken", you get a subway sandwich minus the bread with all the fix ins.  Outside of the food, the only other details that should be tended to are the smell of sewage that exists during the dinner hours and the heavy use of "lysol" to clean the floors in the dining room.  Sadly most of the restaurants on the lake are stretching their budgets to stay afloat -- and it shows in the quality of their food.   Lastly, always call if you plan on making a trek out for breakfast or brunch because the restaurant doesn't open at 10am as stated on the website.  It is more like 11:30.What is cool about the place is the bistro design.
5	We were really impressed by this little find.  There was not a whole lot going on at the Lake Las Vegas Village, its pretty empty, however this place was the gem others described it as on here.  We found both the food and service to be impeccable.  Certainly worthy of being on the strip, or the streets of San Francisco.  The Classic Onion Soup, Beet Salad, Lamb and Salmon were all amazing.  I would definitely recommend!
5	What a gem! We had a spectacular meal at a great price. The filet was as good as it can get. The escargot was the best we have had anywhere in the world. Can't say enough good things. We though your waiter, Roger, was the owner. The service was awesome. We will be back!
5	Beautiful location and atmosphere. The staff was friendly and sincere. Our server suggested a great sparkling wine. The entrees were delicious and the desserts were excellent. Will return and definitely recommend to others.
4	We had lunch at Bernard's on a Tuesday.  We arrived a little after noon, and there was only 1 table.  Within the next 10 minutes, 6 more tables were seated.  I felt for Rosemarie, she was the only server and had to act as hostess as well.  But, she did a FANTASTIC job.  5 star service, can't believe she handled it so well.  The place was nearly full and we never had to wait for water refills, didn't have to wait for the check, and our food came out timely.  I felt bad they left her alone, but I hope she did well in tips, because she certainly earned them.They have a decent wine list, maybe a dozen or so by the glass, including at least half a dozen French options by the glass.  We were given bread, which was standard French bread, and butter very soon after we sat down.  The butter was very cold, not rock hard, but difficult to spread.  That's an annoyance, but I've seen places that give you basically frozen butter, so Bernard's certainly is not the worst offender I've seen.  The wife had the French onion soup to start.  This was a great version of this dish, had the requisite ooey gooey cheese with the crouton that was flavored by the broth and the onions.  Very good. To eat, she had the mushroom and chicken crepes and I had the roast beef sandwich. The sandwich is served open faced with a huge pile of greens in the middle.  The roast beef was okay, average I'd say, but I really liked the horseradish sauce.  I should have asked for more.  I doubt I get this sandwich again, which isn't to say I didn't like it.  I just think I'll try something else next time.The wife's crepes were winners.  Smothered in melted cheese, they had a rich and cream sauce and were FULL of chicken and mushrooms.  You got the flavor of every ingredient in every bite.  These are definite repeats.Bernard's has a cool atmosphere.  It's a little cluttered, and they have a lot of Frank Sinatra stuff and a lot of Titanic stuff.  But, it's a cozy place with indoor and outdoor seating.  Also, the bathrooms were very clean.  We'll return and give it a shot for dinner.
4	We were meeting family for dinner at Lake Las Vegas. We chose this restaurant for the menu. I am glad we did. The three of us enjoyed our meals. The lentil soup was fresh and light. I had the filet Mignon in peppercorn sauce. It was cooked perfectly and was tender. The sauce was delicious. Very light tasting, the right amount of pepper flavor. The vegetables were fresh and full of flavor with light seasoning. The highlight of dinner for me was dessert. I had the NY cheesecake, and it was by far the best NY cheesecake I have ever had. Creamy not crumbly, light not to sweet. A piece of heaven on a plate. I hope to go back to see if I can buy an entire cheesecake.We all enjoyed ourselves and had a wonderful meal. My only wish would be different chairs. They were on the small side and started to get uncomfortable towards the end.
3	We ended up here after one of the other places in the village was filming a show.The food was good, service for the most part was also good. We had asked for one of the heaters to be turned on, she said she would get someone and after 15 mins no one turned it on. We wanted to stay for desert but the wife was cold, so without the staff returning to turn on the heater we paid the bill and left.The whole village at Lake Las Vegas is turning into a ghost town, this will probably be one of the last places left as they do have decent food.
5	We went to the village at Lake Las Vegas just to check it out. We had planned on having lunch at the lake and picked this place for something different. We were so delighted we did. It was a Saturday afternoon, weather was clear and in the low 70's. There was several people seated there and we were a party of six. We were seated right away with no waiting. The service was excellent! Our waiter seemed to enjoy his job, as if he owned the place. No waiting for refills. French bread was fresh. The meals arrived in a timely manner and very well presented. The taste was so unbelievably GOOD, from the chicken salad to a burger. Prepared by a real chef not just some minimum wage so called cook. Not over or under cooked and everything was  fresh.  The Creme brulee and New York cheese cake was perfect. So GOOOOOD!!!! I can't believe some of the bad reviews here. Maybe they read the reviews and have done better. As for us, this will be a definite return on our next visit. Ghost town? Maybe, but it was nice to escape the crowds of the strip and was just a short drive. We will highly recommend this place to anyone going to Vegas, as a must for a quite lunch.
3	We love this place and always made the trip out to LLV because dogs were welcome on the patio and the food is great. However we made the trip out there on our day off this week and waited outside for 15 minutes only to learn that due to the health department, dogs are no longer permitted. As if Lake Las vegas needed yet another reason to lose business out there, we are sad but no longer have a need to visit this restaurant.
5	What a gem this neighborhood restaurant is. Definitely 5 star service from the moment you enter to the moment you leave. The menu is amazing! There is something for every palate. I have visited several times so I could give a true, multiple visit review. The appetizers, tuna tartar so fresh and the plating, exquisite .  Calamari, so tender and the sauces 2, both equally enticing. Generous portions , personable, I'm getting so hungry just writing. Entrees, generous, accommodating , delicious you will savor every bite. They also have theme nights, Sinatra which features live talent is such amazing ambience. I love Titanic night,  Chef Bernard prepares dishes from the original Titanic menu......so creative! I absolutely love it here and will continue my weekly visits!I apologize , this is a review for the new Sunset location.
4	Good service and yummy French food! I had the Gazpacho and the vegetable crepes and they were both delicious.
1	Meeting family at Bernards Bistro in Henderson, while I'm waiting in Green Valley (Henderson) my family mapquested Bernards Bistro which only has Lake of Las Vegas ADDRESS & PHONE # LISTED.  I told the Manager today my family ended up at Lake of Las Vegas, so had to leave to meet out there. NEVER TELLING ME THE LAKE OF LAS VEGAS LOCATION IS CLOSED!!!! WHAT??? Drove all the way out there & closed, totally very disappointed!!!!  yOU MISSED YOUR MARK FOR A FOOD & BEVERAGE EMPLOYEE/MANAGER/OWNER!!!  Take care of your customers, there are so many places to dine!
5	Excellent lunch menu but most of all the service was above expectations. We decided to eat on the patio and brave the heat outside. What a relaxing atmosphere next to the lake and the Italian style architecture of the village. Will definitely be back again.
3	This place we ended up because I used to come up to Lake Las Vegas in it's hey days. 2008-2010. When there was action going on. I decided to take my friends out of the strip and we ended up here because I had told them that there is more than the strip in Las Vegas. We happened to be there on Mothers day. the two ladies with us are not mothers however decided to partake in the Mothers day special brunch. We all picked different items and it was all good. I must say the server was nice and helpful. I cannot say enough good things about the place. ZVery nice service.The only issue I had was the area is dead. I mean for a mothers day we and 3 or 5 other people walking around. They had just closed the casino which probably brought 95% of the business to this place. I wish them good luck in keeping the doors opened and the rest of the shops near them.
5	The smell of fresh bread, The pretty plates, nice painting on the wall.  Escargot was delicious!  Dipped the fresh bread in the escargot sauce so yummy!  Wasn't sure what to order but I chose the salmon. Very light but filling. Food was enjoyable and we had a great date that evening.
2	Overall, the salad my friend and I had were decent. My friend's thai salad was huge and came with nice fruit slices, candied walnuts, and looked delicious. My caesar salad was refreshing;  crisp and light. However,  the service was terrible for the three customers they probably had all day. You would think they would treat people more kindly since lake Las Vegas is so dead. It was just before 4 o'clock and Neftaly gave us dinner menus, and just being curious I wanted to see the dessert menu. He replied that was only available for dinner but he just gave me a dinner menu! So I told him so, and he responded with oh you didn't ask. After that he asked me if that was all I was there for. Wow. When I asked a random employee what the soup du jour was, they told me eggplant cream so later I ordered it from neftaly and when it came it was something different. So I asked what it was. He stumbled with the answer just as he did with every other question I've asked and finally he gets to telling me it's not eggplant cream. He nicely took it away from me, and hopefully he took it off the check, I didn't get to look. As I was obviously still finishing my plate he asked to take away the plate which made me feel very awkward and rushed. Later on he decided to start acting all nice so I have no idea what his deal was. I hope he was just having a bad day and not always that rude because I would consider coming back for something other than salad. Maybe try a different server!
5	Wow. I was really blown away by the service at this place, from a gentleman named Naftali (not sure if that's the correct spelling!).The background: My good friend was proposing to his girlfriend on a gondola ride on the lakes, and my girlfriend and I were there to take pictures of the moment. We did, and right afterwards, I was like oh crap, let's go get a bottle of champagne somewhere so we can celebrate when they dock! I ran to the italian pizza place, and their prosecco started at 48 dollars, and they weren't too interested in me standing there looking. So I ran across to Bernards knowing that they had the best rating on Yelp of all the restaurants in the area.Right from the start, Naftali was SO helpful. They also had better prices! I told him the situation, and asked if we could have four champagne flutes to perhaps meet them on the dock. He said no problem at all! Also, for the special occasion he walked away and came back and said I got approval to sell you this 65 dollar bottle for 45 dollars so you have a great bottle of champagne for the special moment, so I said absolutely!I decided we would bring them up to the patio area for drinks, so I asked him if I could set it up out there. He said please don't worry about it! He brought the flutes out, and a chilling bucket for the champagne as he recommended that type to be particularly chilled. We walked up with the couple, and everything looked great, but we decided to go inside for air conditioning. Again, he jumped at the opportunity to help, and moved everything inside for us. While inside, he was extremely polite, refilled all our waters and champagnes the second they were running low, and made sure to congratulate the newly engaged couple multiple times! Moments like this are ones that can be made or broken by service, and Naftali really hit it out of the park! He made us feel special, made it a really special moment for our freshly engaged friends, and did so with the best of manners. Thank you Naftali!
5	Wonderful evening, the food was tasty, the service was attentive. Really enjoyed our evening.
5	Delicious french cuisine fantastic atmosphere and great servers, thanks so much Marco!
5	After the rush of Las Vegas it was nice to get out of town for a quiet evening. This restaurant offers a carefully chosen menu, combined with great service, great ambiance, and a wonderful view.Enjoyed an excellent meal here and look forward to visiting again.
5	Bernard's Bistro is a wonderfully upscale yet relaxed eatery offering traditional French cuisine in a classy atmosphere that tastefully pays homage to its Titanic history and Las Vegas legend Frank Sinatra. This is perfect for locals and conservatively inclined tourists looking for a quiet evening, with service that rivals and outpaces many venues on the Boulevard. Order the savory escargot, or the surprisingly hearty vegetarian dish to experience some French favorites. Though business casual attire is appropriate, gentlemen may find themselves more comfortable in jackets.
4	During the day, the Village area of Lake Las Vegas remains pretty depressing.  Half of the shops are still closed as is the Casino.  But at night, at least on a Saturday night in October, the place was lively and Bernards Bistro provided a great location to enjoy live music being played by the lake, people watch, AND have a very nice meal.The weather was pleasantly cool as the sun went down, so we asked for an outside table.  We were glad we had made reservations earlier in the day as the place filled up pretty solidly.As other reviews have noted, the escargot, which is a favorite of my wife's, was pretty spectacular.  It was prepared differently from the standard garlic butter, with a bacon and tomato sauce that was to-die-for.  My appetizer was a very pleasant gazpacho, which I enjoyed, but it did not blow me away.My wife ordered a beet and goat cheese salad as her entree and it was. again, very nice.  The preparation was notable, with the beets and goat cheese layered into almost small tea sandwich-sized units.  My entree, a crusted Ahi Tuna was spectacular!We finished with a shared tiramisu and coffee.  The desert was good, but nothing exceptional.We accompanied our meal with very reasonably priced glasses of French wine.  In fact, the for the nature of the food, the overall bill was very reasonable.  I should add that the bread was served warm, they provided more when we asked, and, in general the service was very attentive for a very busy night.All in all, a delightful eventing.
5	What can we say about Bernard's Bistro aside from the fact that they are so amazing! My husband and I hosted our wedding rehearsal dinner here last Friday, October 24th. We tried just about every restaurant at The Village at Lake Las Vegas during our search for the perfect rehearsal dinner space, but none of those restaurants compared to Bernard's Bistro. The staff was very attentive and friendly. The food was delicious! Miss Silvia was the one who helped us put the rehearsal dinner together along with Chef Bernard. They were so sweet! What a wonderful group of people. The outdoor atmosphere on the patio with the twinkle lights was just the perfect setting for our guests. A good time was had by all! Thank you to Silvia, Chef Bernard, and the entire staff of Bernard's Bistro for a wonderful and memorable evening with our friends and family. We will certainly be back for date nights and family dinners!
4	We decided to have dinner here because they have outdoor seating with a perfect view to the live music playing by the lake.  It was decent food with great ambiance for a romantic night with my husband.  The Village doesn't get too many visitors, but for someone like me who doesn't like big crowds, I thought the amount of people around was just right to not feel overcrowded.  Compared to the strip, the Village is definitely a ghost town.  But for people looking to get away from the hustle and bustle of city life, this place is a perfect getaway.
5	We have been to this restaurant several times now and every time it just gets better and better. The food is wonderful and the service is so attentive.  Try the escargot it is the best in town !!! Every dish is cooked to perfection and if you sit outside it is a beautiful setting to overlook the lake. Prices are a little high but for what you get in portion and Quailty it is well worth it. Don't be shy try this place out it is a great place for a nice date night. Once your done with dinner take a stroll around the lake and across to the newly opened golf course it is Absoluty beautiful!!
5	I am so glad I read the reviews here and ordered the Escargot.  In short, it was stunning.  The Escargot not only tasted great out of the dish, but by using the warm French Bread served with dinner dipped in the sauce nothing was sent back to the kitchen.  It was Thanksgiving weekend and things were pretty slow around Montelago which is not a bad thing if you want a private dinner. I would ask to sit under the lit tree at the entrance, it was a perfect way for me and my Wife to spend the night at dinner.  Thanks and we cannot wait to be back!
5	There is a good reason this place is #1 on Yelp in this area. We ate there 3 days straight for lunch while at a business meeting last week. The patio is very pleasant this time of year. The food is fantastic with reasonable pricing and their presentation is beautiful. Great job to all the staff. Thanks!
2	Meh. I ventured away from the recommendations and had the Brazilian chicken because I love Brazilian food and I love chicken... What could go wrong?Turned out the answer is: a lot. Namely, it was not good. Bland, nothing like the flavorful Brazilian foods I've had before. The mash potatoes were pretty good, and the steamed veggies were done just right (although unseasoned). Sue had the shrimp avocado sandwich, which sounded delectable, but alas we're wrong on that count too. It was drowned in a thousand island like sauce that was too salty and all around bleh. The service is good but nothing extraordinary, and the bread is pretty awesome but not the butter. Honestly, I'm not sure i can justify coming back given how out of the way it is. Unless you're staying on the property, and even then, I'm not sure. Do not recommend.
