5	- Vietnamese Restaurant with a modern french flare- Bring your own wine- no corkagePros:- Modern and Clean- Delicious Food- Close to the Sheraton Hotel- Close to a SAQ wine shop at the end of the block on St.Catherines.Cons:- Sometimes service is slowRecommend:- Wontons with fried spinach- Pork Chop- Sitting on the patio during summer (the entire front of the restaurant is basically one large garage door)- Eating there when not in a hurry- A good place when you're not looking to have some PHo.
2	Chez Lien Plus is situated in the heart of Montreal Downtown on the intersection of Ste. Catherine and Stanley Streets which are always bustling with office crowds, university students, shoppers, sightseers and tourists alike. It's a BYOB restaurant and there's an SAQ just around the corner on St. Catherine street where you can buy your wine before going to the restaurant.I'd recommend a reservation since it's a downtown restaurant and there are always groups of people waiting to get in. This restaurant is not pricey for a downtown BYOB but it is expensive in terms of the value and quantity of what they offer. Expect to pay around $25-30 per person for dinner (tips and taxes included). There's no corking fee so that's a good point. There was this absurd law which stated that either you have to finish your wine or leave it at the restaurant or something like that (dafuq???) but I've heard that they have changed it now and now you can leave the restaurant with your uncorked bottle with wine in it (Ha! first world problems)I ordered some soup as entree and lamb-chops as the main dish. Both were passable. I mean nothing out of this world, not very bad either. Your impression would be that you're paying for eating in a restaurant in downtown and not for the food (it isn't extraordinary but it sure is expensive for what you get and if you factor in the BYOB costs, then actually you end up paying around $45). So why bother unless you've an absolute craving for Vietnamese food?  In all honesty, I won't go back there, not because the service wasn't good or the food was bad (both were ok), but because you don't get value for your money (not even abstract value like the pleasure of eating extraordinarily delicious good food or an excellent decor). Perhaps if you're in a rush or can't find anything else for a quick lunch, going to Chez Lien Plus might be a good idea, otherwise not.
3	I expected really terrible downtown lunch food, but it wasn't half bad. I wouldn't go out of my way to return but I would avoid it either.
5	This place rocks!  We just happened upon it in a hurry to find something not to far from our hotel and not too 'posh' as we were beat from our daily trek. It is a BYOB and had we known this we would have brought our own but were so tired it didn't matter. Folks who didn't know ran out to the local SAQ to get something they fancied. Service:  great!  Refilled our water on a regular basis, food was prompt and we were not left hanging at any time. Food:  we both had the meals that include soup or roll. The soup is fantastic. The broth perfect. For me I don't like cilantro so I took it out but other than that I rate it very high. I had the crunchy noodle veggie dish with chicken. The noodles were like a basket of them fried and everything put inside. The sauce was enough to meld it all together. The veggies perfectly cooked and still crunchy.   My hubbie had a breaded chicken that was so beautifully tender it was surprising. Price:  you can't beat it for dinner.   Easily less than $20 perWe strongly recommend you try this place!
2	The pad Thai was good, not great. Imperial rolls were very good. Ordered the shrimp Tom yam. Shrimp were not cleaned and overcooked, vegetable were the crinkle cut, frozen kind.. Not fooling anyone there. Overall ok food but way too expensive for what you get.
