3	Yay, it's another brand new Buffet!  I stopped in for lunch today, & here's how it was...THE GOOD:*  This Buffet had 77 food items out today, & it looks as if they might have brought out more after I got my food, right at 11 AM opening time.  This is HUGE for a Mediterranean Buffet, where there are more typically 10 or 15 items!     :-)*  The food choices are tasty & somewhat unusual!  There was good variety with 4 soups, plenty of meat & cassarole dishes, pizza (!), & so on.  It definitely takes more than one visit to try everything.     :-)*  The price is very low for this type of Buffet!     :-)Ok, so where are the 5 Stars, you ask.  Glad you asked that!THE NOT-AS-GOOD:*  This building used to house Fuji Buffet, nee Imperial Gardens.  It had a bit of a peculiar vibe to it then, & it still does now.  You enter the food serving area from the front door, & whereas Fuji used all the available space for serving food, MB here has a number of blank spots, even though, as I said, the selection is huge for this type of food.  The room has an unfinished look to it.*  Off to the left is a large room that is their peculiarly decorated, sparsely furnished "Cloud Hookah Bar", open from 4 PM to 4 AM.  You have to go through there to get to the bathrooms.*  The men's bathroom was run down & had a stink to it!     :-O*  To the right of the serving room is the dining room for the restaurant.  There are tables & a few booths & It was decorated reasonably, but there was something uncomfortable about it.  I couldn't pin the problem down, but a good Interior Decorator needs to have a look at all three main rooms of this building.  I don't think any of them are right!Now this is only their fifth day in business, so I hope to stop back in a month or so & see how they're doing.  There certainly is a place for a Mediterranean Buffet like this, & the excellent selection of interesting food IS 4+ Stars right now, judged by itself!     :-))Weekday Lunch Buffet only $7.99!
4	The food here was good. They had kabobs which in my book are always a plus. If your looking for decor give this place a pass but I got the feeling it was a family business and are just getting it off the ground. It looks like they have alot of the old buffets equipment left and put in a few items of their own. I'm a fan I think its great to see a buffet this side of town that offers more then just a lunch. A few of the dishes were cold but overall everything looked fresh and tasted good. They also give you pita at the table and had a large variety of hummus dishes.
4	I really, really, really hope this place makes it. It is absolutely crazy in some ways, but brilliant in others. I am sticking with 4 stars as a confession of my  personal enthusiasm, but before you go you should probably read the rest of the review.It's in the old Fuji buffet location, which for many, many years before was a wonderfully tacky and over-the-top Chinese palace with tons of neon outside and something resembling a moat.The glory of that old place is sadly long-gone, but thankfully so is the mediocre trough-brau that replaced it sometime in the mid-nineties. I never liked Fuji.So now in its latest incarnation we have the same building painted fire-engine red with cheap-ass looking giant yellow letters and some attempt at an outside bistro area that looks like it will probably remain a pigeon perch. That's a shame because it will probably drive away some customers who might otherwise enjoy what lies within.And what lies within is a startling melange of foods from not only the Mediterranean, but also India and--with several varieties of Jello--Iowa. They have dolmades, they have pork-chops with a tangy tomato sauce, they have Greek Goulash, they have paneer, they have curries, they have alfredo, and they kebabs that look and eat more like sausages, they have orzo, they have fried rice, and they have several varieties of chicken dishes. And they have a bunch of other stuff. And it is all--as far as I can tell--delicious. The chef himself came out to show me around at lunch today. He took great pride in his creations. His accent made me think he was Greek, which would make sense. Greeks tend to go overboard with this sort of thing. Greeks know how to run restaurants. Sometimes they know how to keep them open.Lunch is $7.99. For kids it's $3.99.Go in with an open mind and ignore the desolate and half-assed fittings on the outside and inside. Ignore the lack of door closers on the entryway (I had to get up and manually close them twice). Ignore the interior tackiness. Relish in what is on the buffet line and appreciate fact that you can eat your way around the world in this little corner of the Camelback Corridor.Then go next door and buy a treadmill and some freeweights.
1	I ate there on the day it opened for business and the food was horrible. The chicken was so dry and tough I couldn't get it off the bone. The pizza was bland, and the rest of the food lacked the seasoning and flavors I look for in Mediterranean food. I suggest you look elsewhere for something to eat! I'm sorry that the Asian food is gone. If I could give this place a zero star, I would! Crappy, crappy food, waitstaff didn't really care (took a couple of minutes for them to seat us), seemed like the A/C wasn't working, and who wants to walk through a Hookah lounge to get to a restroom that had a really bad smell! STAY AWAY!!!!! A REAL ZERO STAR RESTAURANT!!!!!
1	I really wanted to like this place... My partner and I were thrilled to see a Mediterranean Buffet open in Central Phoenix... a food type that has been sadly overlooked in this part of town.  We saw the sign and went in hoping for the best.We were the only customers, though another couple did come in, look at the buffet, and leave.  The food was mediocre, but I do have to say the potatoes and the tabouleh were both very good.  Most of the other food looked like leftovers from lunch or the day before.  Owners - if you are reading this, you still have some great potential with this place.  Here is what you have to do if you want my business again:1- Get rid of the Asian Decor and invest in actually making the place LOOK like the Mediterranean place you want to be.  For a few thousand dollars, you could make this place look really cool2- Don't worry about filling up all four of the buffets.  Why not close down two of them and focus on putting out half the food - but make it REALLY good!  That would cut down on your food waste and get people excited about your food3- Sorry, but Naan, curries, and other Indian delights are not Mediterranean.  Just leave them off.  Did I see burritos on the buffet as well?  Really now!4 - I want to like this place, consider closing for a week and redecorate, redesign the menu on the buffet, and try again.  Unfortunately, like it is right now I don't think  you will see us back any time soon.
4	Hello! Me and my husband went there today and really liked the food. The hummus was tasty and spicy, they have a very good variety of dishes and dessert. They have so many choices that there were many items we didn't try. We had to leave them for our next visit. If you like this kind of food, please go check it out and support this business. As others have said, the place is not fancy, but the food is worth a try, and the staff was very nice too.Also, if someone in your party is not very enthusiastic about Mediterranan food, they have other popular choices such as Indian dishes, lasagna, fajitas, etc.The Greek salad is very good, also the naan and the baba ganoush.
1	I was about to give 2 stars for the baba ganoush, pita, moussaka, and some shredded meat dish that were good. This was despite the many dishes that were very strange. By strange I mean not good....what is this???? and why would this taste this way??? I am not sure how one could mess up penne pasta with Greek dressing or orzo pasta but they managed to make it inedible. Many things looked pretty dry and maybe not from today. The cook staff loading things in using their fingers is a little unappetizing too. Like another review said, maybe they could make it if they took out two buffets and just had two. Then they could focus on the better dishes. The straw that made them get 1 instead of 2 stars was that they charge you $1 for each tap water they serve your table.... Really? $6 for tap water for our table. I admit I am very picky but my husband is not. His motto is quantity over quality. And he said we will not go back. I would rather have one dish cost $10 or more and have it be really good than have 70 ok or inedible dishes. I hope to hear that they shorten the buffet and focus on quality. Oh and the chocolate pudding was spoiled. ;(
1	I see other diners had similar experiences as we did. I want to support local family owned businesses, but I would never go back to this place. The family tried hard and kept asking if everything was OK. What do you say? The food is all just really awful? And why don't they know that?They should never even have been open yet. They need to finish remodeling. Get rid of the broken Fuji Buffet sign as you walk in and the graffiti on the door. The tables and buffet lines, decor, are all from two restaurants ago.We were told to take any table we liked. They all looked dirty.Normally in a buffet there are little signs on the sneeze shield that tell you what the dishes are. There were post it notes. In poor hand writing. And they didn't always match the food.The Cesar salad was a pan with about 2 inches of creamy water and lettuce and soggy croutons floating in it. I tried several different dishes, but the only thing that I even remotely liked was a stuffed tomato.While my niece was up getting food, a man came out with a big can of chocolate pudding and "glopped" it in. Probably not the best choice.  A lot of overcooked, poorly seasoned food. I see some people had hummus. I looked in vain for hummus or pita bread. But there were jalapeno poppers, egg rolls, chicken nuggets and onion rings.We also witnessed the argument over the drinks and also had our drinks refilled from a glass.I feel they were earnest but were incredibly wide of the mark.
1	My wife purchased a Groupon for this place and we decided to give it a try...why not? We're both Middle Eastern and we've been looking for a good Middle Eastern restaurant...unfortunately this wasn't the one. First, the establishment still has many of the previous restaurant's signs up, along with their plates, sauces and my cup had the name of an entirely different restaurant on it. Second, the place is too large for a start-up business. They should scale it down to only half the building bring the buffet over to one section and have seating in the other - the illusion of a busy restaurant is more appealing than having scattered bodies. Now in regards to the food - as all the previous reviews said, the food was below average standards. Nothing about this place, other than the tabbouleh and maybe the falafel, was Middle Eastern. It was more Indian then Mediterranean and Indian cuisine is not Mediterranean. Their falafel were extremely dry. The kabob was raw and the chicken shawarma was NOT chicken shawarma. I have never eaten chicken shawarma with curry in it, and I've eaten plenty! The staff seemed like they really didn't know what was going on. I asked the waitress when did they open, and to my surprise she said two months ago...you would think by now they would have a handle on things. The utensils were dirty, the entire buffet looked very old and the names of the dishes were in the wrong areas. When I saw the food the first thing that came to mind was food poisoning. We really were hoping for a better experience. In our opinion, they should sacrifice quantity for quality. The only thing I enjoyed there was the Coke. Oh, and we only got charged $2.50 per drink. One last thing, the chocolate pudding was room temperature.
1	This was very possibly the WORST dining experience I have ever had. Like everyone else we bought the groupon thinking we struck gold with a $10 buffet for two. Especially Mediterranean which normally has a great selection of vegetarian food for me and lots of meat for my boyfriend.  We walked in and could instantly hear construction on the other side which was a huge turn off and it's not that the decor was tacky but it was unfinished and had that gross feeling of not wanting to touch anything. I don't know why they thought this was the perfect time to trick everyone into dining here with a groupon when they were still trying to get the place together. At least take down the Fuji Buffet signs!!The girl who greeted us immediately stated they were having plumbing propblems and did not have fountain water and asked if bottled water was ok and that it would be no extra charge. I'm still a little confused how they were able to have fountain soda if they were having plumbing problems and unable to serve water. From a distance you'd think "wow, they have a great selection of food" but then you get closer and quickly realize it's far from impressive. Since it's a buffet and of course I wanted to get my money's worth, I filled up my plate but low and behold EVERYTHING was cold. I don't mean a couple things weren't as hot as they should be but actually cold. They brought pita bread that was burnt and left an awful taste in my mouth. Knowing there was nothing on the buffet I could eat I settled for watermelon which was not fresh, it was definitely last weeks produce. The owner gave me snide looks when she cleared our plates, I actually regret not explaining to her why I couldn't eat anything on my plate. But, honestly how could she not know? When the girl came back over we asked if we could just get our check for the coke he ordered, she went and asked and was told $4.00. Seriously??? You're charging me $2.00 for a 35 cent bottle of water that I had to drink because you had plumbing problems and couldn't give me tap water? I'm not trying to be cheap but I don't drink soda. We gave her exactly $4.00 and she handed it to the owner who again gave me dirty looks. I still left a tip but only because I'm a former server and not to commend a job well done.I plan on contacting the health department today to inform them of this place serving food that's not at the right temperature. I can only imagine what's really going on in that kitchen!!!My advice to everyone is to not walk foot in here. If you bought a groupon, just chalk it up to $10 down the drain and don't even bother!!
2	Wanted to like this, but no. For a bit of background, my husband is half Lebanese and we've eaten our fair share of Middle Eastern food of all stripes and varieties. For really good Middle Eastern food in that part of the city, try Fatoush. Little hole in the wall run by an Iraqi man (I think).Anyways, this place. Honestly the only reason it gets 2 stars is because hubby liked several of the dishes that I didn't try, like the kafta. First of all, when we ordered water to go with the meal, they brought us bottled water and then charged us for it. EVERY other restaurant I've ever been to in my life has either correctly assumed that I wanted a glass of water, or asked me to clarify whether I wanted bottled water or not. When the waitress turned up a few minutes later, we asked for glasses of water. After she conferred with someone in the back, we got glasses of lukewarm tap water- with no ice.And then, the food. Granted, at a Mediterranean buffet, I expect mostly Mediterranean food, but here even that was too much to ask. Of the four buffet tables full of food, maybe one and a half was food I would have considered Mediterranean, and even some of that was a stretch. Some of the dishes in the buffet included: lasagna (looked frozen), alfredo (gummy and bland), pasta with chicken (just strange), zucchini fries (obviously frozen), fried okra (?), spring rolls (frozen), orange Jell-o squares (huh?). The rice pilaf was too salty and had Jalapeno peppers in it(?). As for the actual Mediterranean food, the stuffed grape leaves were the best of the bunch. As I mentioned, hubby liked the kafta but it was a bit spicy for me. The hummus was bitter- too much tahini. The chicken schwarma tasted like someone tried to alter a recipe for chicken parmesan. Really, the best section overall was the salads. The tabbouleh was decent although it needed more salt to counteract all of the lemon juice. And one other salad had huge chunks of feta cheese in it- the feta was strong and flavorful.Overall, there is NO way I'd go back here, even with another Groupon.
3	I really did like this place and would go back here if in the neighborhood.They do have some growing pains to work out. 1. They do need to remodel. I believe from what I saw they are working on that. I don't go to a buffet for ambiance anyways so I didn't have any major issue with this. If you like a buffet with ambiance Las Vegas is about 5 hours away.2. Their food is good, I liked the grape leaves, chicken schwarma, and I enjoyed the hummus and fresh made pita bread. Thoughts, have a Pita Bread Station that someone can work, instead of the owner running around trying to do everything (To the owner, you were fantastic, I wanted to give you a hug when I left!). There are some tweaks that need to happen to some of the food, mostly the American like the Pasta Alfredo, chicken nuggets etc. I would love it if they would give my chef friend a job he could turn the OK to fabulous as he is amazing with Eastern Food, and American at that.It appears to be a family run place, Husband, Wife and Two Daughters. I will tell you this, their two girls are some of the most respectful well mannered girls I have ever met. They were amazingly attentive.If the owners read your reviews, and from the service I am pretty sure you do, because I saw major changes from some of the reviews, you have a great thing going for you. Focus on the American food making it better, or even better then that taking that out and adding more Mediterranean food (or Thai even...curries are awesome and relatively easy to make and unlike some people I am OK with that kind of food here.)I will be back, and look forward to watching you blossom in the valley!
3	I stopped by this place after hearing about it from yelp. They are in the process of remodeling to differentiate it from the old Fuji Buffet. That being said, it seemed rather unorganized. The waitresses, while friendly, didn't seem to really know how to work the room. The food was flavorful, but of the hot dishes I tried, only about 20% were hot.. And I arrived just after 11am, so you would think everything would be fresh and hot. Not once did anyone stop by to ask how things were. I might go back, but I will definitely wait a few months to see if they get over the "new restaurant" issues and figure out a game plan to adequately serve the guests and maintain HOT food.
3	This place is definitely an odd bird. Let me first begin by saying the staff was extremely attentive and tried very very hard to make us all happy. It was noticed and I appreciate that very much. The drinks were a little off (no ice) but I can overlook that, as I usually get mine without it anyway.They are in the middle of a remodel and that makes things difficult, but the new construction looks like it is going to be very nice when it is finished.The issue I really had was the food. If you are a fan of Mediterranean food, I mean really know what you're in for, then this place is for you. If you are going to take advantage of any of their non-Mediterranean faire, I would think twice. It isn't *bad,* but it is very, very average. You would be setting yourself up for disappointment in a big way if you expected anything else. And they need to work on that.I am not a huge fan of Mediterranean cuisine, but my wife is, so we went. And I am writing this keeping that in mind to be sure. So buyer beware, just recognize it for what it is and if that is what you're into, I'm confident that you'll like something they have. (The hummus and flatbread was good)
5	Awesome food, great service.The first restaurant at this location that actually has great food. We will be back!!
1	Contact Groupon, they may be able to refund your money since you were unhappy. They stated it's part of their policy!!
1	I cut this new Buffet a lot of slack back in May because they had just opened, but now here it is two months later & sadly the place is still a disaster case!  I was joined for lunch today by Jose C. & Mike C.  One thing that was all fixed and ok now was the bathroom, but then?  Eek!     :-OThe biggest single problem was the food...  a strange mishmash of dishes that didn't go very well together to begin with, & then almost everything I tried today was blah tasting & VERY SALTY!  If fact, the Chicken Noodle Soup was so salty I couldn't even eat it, & I like salt!  Then my "ice water" was served at the table at room temperature, and so on.     :-OSomeone mentioned in their review that the woman & man who run the place were yelling at each other during their visit.  Yes, I heard the same thing both times I came here.     :-OAt the end we had to hunt for a long time to find the lady to pay her, & they don't even have a cash register or the ability to provide a decent receipt for the purchase.  (My business requires me to keep them.)  She fumbled around to find some money to give me my change!     :-OI like a good Mediterranean Buffet such as the ones at Cafe Istanbul & Princess Mediterranean Market, but there are just too many shortcomings here, & they've had enough time to get things on track.  Ugh!     :-OLunch Buffet:  $7.99
1	I went to this restaurant with my husband today after we got a 50% off voucher from Livingsocial. We'd been talking about trying out this restaurant anyway since we saw the sign on Camelback St. We both love Mediterranean food and Mediterranean buffets are hard to find. I think they have good variety. I tried mostly cold dishes such as Greek salad, chickpea salad, grape leaves, etc and they were quite tasty, not the top quality but good enough considering this is buffet food. I found falafel and chicken were bit dry but still tasty. All kinds of hummus were good, esp the one with sun dried tomato. Some dishes were spicy and some were not. Desserts were totally not Mediterranean. I expected something like baklava but they were like the ones I see at Chinese buffets. I liked their custard pudding, though. I have a question mark on the cleanness. I picked up a plate to get food and there was a lot of sauce at the bottom of the plate. I picked up another plate but it was also not cleaned well with some bits of food still on it. And I did not like a fly trying to eat my food all the time. Overall, it was okay and value for money. I think we will go back there again sometime as we love Mediterranean food.-Update on July 22-Yesterday I gave 3 stars but today I had to change it to 1 star. My husband and I both got food poisoning and I had to spend almost whole night in the bathroom. I don't know which dish(es) was contaminated but guess many people who ate at this restaurant yesterday got food poisoning.It's a big disappointment as the food itself was not bad but it was a horrible experience for us and we won't go back to this restaurant.
2	I received a deal on living social for this buffet, 2 people for $10. Once we arrived we told the lady up front we both wanted a diet coke, once she saw I had a living social coupon she said "$7 for tax and drinks", she pulled this out of nowhere, no receipt or any posted prices. I thought this was odd and didn't say anything because even at $17 it was still a good deal. I've been to this buffet back when it was a Chinese buffet and it seemed  like it had much more personality. This place now feels like they stumbled across an abandoned building and say "hey lets turn on the electricity and start serving food". You need to pass through a disheveled unused dining room to get to the bathroom and almost need a flashlight to find your way. The food is much better than you would expect, it's not great, but it's decent. Their American food is boring and bland, but I didn't go for that. Their chicken dishes all have good flavor and they stand apart from each other; although some dishes had dry chicken. They bring hot naan to your table and this is a nice touch, I wish they had it by the buffet so we could get it ourselves. They didn't have butter, ketchup or A1 sauce, but they had loads of tapatio. I think this place has potential, I don't go to buffets for the atmosphere, I go for a lot of cheap food and they had a lot of decent food at a smoking price.
2	Went with our 50% off Living Social voucher and were glad we didn't pay full price. Was expecting mediterranean but only about 1/3 of the selection could be considered mediterranean. And the quality wasn't great - also there were several dishes that were supposed to be warm and were luke warm at best. When we arrived there were two other parties ahead of us. That threw the staff for a loop. They had a hard time handling three parties of 2-4 people all at once. Probably won't go back. Wasn't awful but wasn't great either. Really disappointed that baklava wasn't included in the buffet (had to pay extra).
3	i too came because of a living social deal, as it turned out it really didn't save us any money. the buffet is odd. lots of different kinds of food. onion rings, fries, chicken nuggets with baked cheese eggplant, stuffed grape leaves, hummus. i sampled a bit of everything.i liked the soup, very nice, i couldn't identify the spice, i don't know anything about mediterranean food. but i know what i like. i like 3 different olive dominated dishes, i wish i could cook eggplant that kept it shape this well. i liked the hot pita bread. i loved salad with big chucks of feta cheese. there where several tasty chicken dishes that were excellently seasoned with big chucks of flavorful chicken.the american staples, probably for the kids and unadventuresome guests was bland and a bit dry, expected for a buffet, where the food sits out under lights.advice:group the foods by origin, not by meat, vegies, salad.make up a route down one side of the serving table, greek, turkish, Lebanese. make it a learning experience, tell us which dishes use olives, what kinds of spices.if you want people to come back teach them a little bit about the food, share the culture, don't mix chickem mcnuggets with a tasty pulled chicken dish just because they both have chicken in them. tell me why this is good food, help me learn something the cook knows about his homeland.so i walk down one side and get a greek-turkish meal. the other side is another culture, then one side for the bland american food. as is everything was mixed up.now, i'm going back again. with my laptop and a notepad, and hungry. i'm going to taste each dish by label- if i don't know what it is, i'm going to sit down and google it. i'm going to learn where it's from and what spices are in it. i'm going to make my own learning experience. if the owners sit down with me and explain how their food expresses their culture, i'll rate it 5 stars next time.it's a family business, it's a huge building, it has a good talented cook(s) somewhere in the kitchen, it is good tasting food. it needs to be displayed and presented differently. it wasn't busy, a shame, industrialized food is always bland and busy.now, if you grew up with these dishes, you can leave a review about their tastiness and authenticity. that would help.
1	How does this place have 3 stars?  Impossible!  I would rate it at 0.1 star if I could.  What do you do when you've prepaid using a groupon and EVERYTHING except the watermelon looks horrendously awful and tastes just as bad?  This was the most disgusting place at which I've ever eaten.  In hindsight, I see now that I was so absolutely in shock about how vile the "food" was that I actually PAID the 12 dollars they said I still owed with no record of a tab or receipt.  When I asked why I still owe money after prepaying for the buffet (my first mistake), they said it was for the drinks and tax.  Come on now, 12 dollars for two teas and a diet coke with no written records (no ticket/bill/check/tab/receipt)?  I must have been shell-shocked about the entirely horrible dining experience because I normally would have demanded a written account of our charges.  I have never stiffed any restaurant or server, nor would I start here, but I do want to know what i am paying for, and telling me "$12 for drinks and tax" is not sufficient.  To THEM, Mediterranean food means overcooked burritos, flavorless lasagna, very scary-looking greenish meatloaf, curry, spring rolls, and limp fried onion rings.  I will never go back.    In regards to service, our waiter was wearing jeans and a t-shirt with a baseball cap on backwards.  Really?  If possible, I have to write a second review to lower their rating because somebody needs to warn everyone what a tremendously terrible experience they will have if they eat at this place.  My only saving grace was that I was with three great friends, and they were enjoyable.  All of us agreed that it was not at all good. One of my friends helped us wash away the bad taste by treating us to The Gelato Spot afterward, which will be a whole different review, and a yummy one at that.
4	We went here on a groupon, but the place is not expensive. The foods were very tasty and they have quite a variety. There were only a couple of items that I wasn't a fan of, but that will happen anywhere! The ladies who were taking care of everything were friendly, funny, and gave very good service. I say give them a try!
1	Decided to try to use our Living Social voucher tonight... and it is CLOSED! Seriously??? I called and everything... frustrating!
1	padlocked and closed with an eviction notice taped to the front door.
1	CLOSED with Landlord legal notices on front doors
1	Got a living Social Deal and showed up, but it it CLOSED. Thanks to the owners not paying rent. The landlord put a sign on the door. Needless to say not impressed.
