5	This show is a tribute to Frank Sinatra and has a live band and six couples that dance and act to various Sinatra songs. The theater is small, quaint with comfortable seats and we had seats that were center stage with great views. Dancers in the show are incredibly talented and danced perfectly in sync with the live orchestra. Acoustics in the theater are also very good. Great show!
5	I love dance, so this was a real treat. I had the pleasure of seeing this show recently and I couldn't have been more pleased with my experience. This show was extraordinary. The dancing was phenomenal as well as the magnificent choreography. I can honestly say I've seen almost every show on the strip and this newest show does not disappoint. This is a new type of show for Vegas. We typically have musicals, acrobatics and impersonators, but this is definitely a nice addition. The choreography, along with the Sinatra songs and a live band was beautifully combined and the dancers interpreted each so beautifully. I hope to have the opportunity to see this show again soon!Glorious, romantic, sexy and seductive.
5	Great performance!  If you are A. a fan of Sinatra or B. a fan of dancing....you'll certainly enjoy the show. Older crowd, but in one word I would describe this show as "charming"The dancers are incredibly talented and the music is beautiful.  Frank Sinatra's voice accompanied by a live band on stage. Go see it. :)
4	It was a Wednesday night, and the house was packed! Our seats were to the far right in the orchestra section. We couldn't see the right side of the stage, but the view was still acceptable. If you are choosing seats, pick the ones in the middle of the theater (if you can). Our tickets were free, so...This is a 75 minutes pure dancing and Sinatra and a 17-piece live band. The stage display stays the same for 75 minutes. Honestly, the dancing gets a little boring after the first two songs, but if you enjoy Sinatra, then you'll appreciate the band and the songs. As in any Vegas show, the producer had to "vegastize" it, by that I mean the dancers slowly and gradually start to strip on stage. Half way through the performance, the dancers are half naked. How this is Sinatra's style? I don't know, but that's Vegas for you! If you have seen all the Cirque shows (or at least the ones that are worth seeing), then it's time to move on and see Sinatra. Tickets currently start from $69-$89, which is really reasonable for Vegas shows. Now go fly away with Sinatra!
1	This show is the most boring show I have ever seen.  I saw it in New York under the name "Come Fly Away".  I wanted to walk out on intermission but spent alot of $$$ on the ticket.  It had such bad reviews in New York that they changed the name from Come Fly Away to this new name Sinatra Dance with me.  Shame on them to even change the name.  Very boring and very deceitful changing the name.
3	I wanted to like this more than I did, primarily because it's something DIFFERENT and let's face it - Twyla Tharpe is one of Vegas's flirtations with the avant garde. One of these days that's going to work out for us. Sinatra: Dance With Me is a 60 min dance performance in one act. Appropriate for the music, this is mainly couples dance which uses the music to tell the story. The performers are all uniformly good with a couple of knock-out 'wow, I can't believe how good s/he is' performers. (The bartender and the sexy black lady in particular, sorry, I lost my guide so I can't pull their names.)I was with my dad, and my godson's parents. They nodded off a bit in this. My dad, on the other hand, really liked this. My attention wandered a bit. So I would say it's great entertainment for a slightly older audience but for a group of people in their twenties you should look elsewhere.Minor quibble: the theatre isn't big enough. Intimate is a nice way of saying cramped with a view blocked by someone's massive forehead.
4	Wonderful! I'm not a big fan of dance concerts, but I couldn't resist the combination of Frank Sinatra and Choreography legend, Twyla Tharp.It is a beautiful show. Frank's original vocal tracks (and some of the strings) are accompanied by a live on-stage band - which features some of the top musicians in town. The sound mix was amazing - BIG, but never too loud - and even without the dancing, I would have enjoyed the concert.But the dancing.... all I can say is *WOW*. I was floored.Leading lady, Karine Plantadite is probably one of the best actors in town - and she never speaks in the show. She communicates all of her passion, joy, anger, and hot sensuality through her dance. I've never seen anyone like her.there's a clip of one of her numbers from the show here (minus the band, lights and set of the actual show)If you like this, you'll love the show.http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Zz1Azjn6OTI
5	This truly is as good as it gets.  Excellent choreography, very talented dancers, superb Frank Sinatra vocals, a 17 piece live band,  and great lighting.  The dancers do some moves that are amazing and some of the dances are cute and funny.  My favorite dances were to "That's Life" and "You Make Me Feel So Young."  I don't think the smile left my face during the entire 70 minute show.  Since it has been extended to the beginning of April, I'll be buying a ticket to see the show again before it leaves for good.  If you like dance, this is a must see!
5	I scored relatively inexpensive (for Vegas) second row seats and couldn't believe my ears and eyes.  STUNNING.  Instead of a stage of generic grinning idiot dancers, each dancer had their distinct look and feel and skills.  While Frank croons, you'll swoon at the talent before your eyes.You don't need to know anything about dance.  I don't follow Twyla Tharp in the least.  Being some sort of fan of Sinatra, on the other hand, is probably recommended... or you'll be dozing off fast.This show is the classiest act in Vegas -- NO CONTEST -- and should be THE reason for your visit.  It blew PHANTOM and CHER out of the water.Did I mention the live big band?  Worth the ticket price alone?SDWM should become a signature Vegas show and never leave the Wynn.
5	Without a doubt the best show playing in Vegas, We were seated 2nd row center, and my eyes never left the stage. Dynamite band, and some of the dancers are beyond good. The show tells a story entirely through dance and is a fitting counterpoint to Sinatra's vocals. Did I mention how great the live band was?The only thing I could possibly dock this show for is the width of the seats. I'm not broad by any means, and I spent the entire show rubbing shoulders with the old gal seated next to me (not you, honey!) They really should pull out about three seats per row and give people room to move with the music.I hope this show stays at Encore for quite a long time. I could easily see it every year for the next decade or two.
2	I love Sinatra music and I admire Twyla Tharp so I was really excited to see this. Great dancers...especially the leads. Wonderful orchestra that played great background to crystal clear recordings of Sinatra's voice. But I dunno...it just didn't excite me. Can't figure out why...but it just did not mesmerize me. Add that to some of the most uncomfortable seats in Las Vegas and it all added up to two stars.
5	I took my husband to see Sinatra for his birthday and we both loved it. It is all around a beautiful show. From the musicians to the dancers and their costumes, to the story about love, every bit of it was amazing. I love that the focus was not on showy costume changes. In fact, some of the dancers only changed twice throughout the show. If you love Sinatra, this is a must see!
2	I wanted to say first that I tried my hardest to like this and I really wanted to like it. However , for a Vegas show at the Wynn there is so much that could of improved it. The music is good obviously because it is just play Sinatra tracks. Obviously there is a lot of dancing but, there needs to be stage transitions and the storyline is very weak.This is really a show you expect at Imperial Palace or Flamingo. Thankfully the show was half off on Travel Zoo. The most entertaining thing I saw when the show was over I had no clue Mario Lopez was sitting in front of me. Slater!!
4	What a fabulous show!  Some of Sinatra's best vocals presented with energy and style and backed by an amazing and talented full orchestra.  Twyla Tharp's choreography was athletic and modern with just the right amount of attitude. I am so thankful we got to see this show before its run ended on April 23rd.  The only negative was the cramped seating in the show room. This is a pet peeve of mine, because to me it is an obvious example of the hotel putting their dollars before their guests' comfort ... NOT classy, and NOT what I would expect from a Wynn property. Las Vegas can certainly use more shows like this on the Strip! I'd LOVE to see a tribute show for Dean Martin in the future.  The King of Cool deserves equal time.
2	Our tickets were comp'd and we still walked out!I love Sinatra, but this show was jusy bad. First, our seats were obstructed and uncomfortable, behind a sound stage ... Very strange layout. Second, I can play Sinatra music off my old 8-track and enjoy it more. Why no narrator, introducing what we were watching or better yet, a Sinatra impersonator - I mean, this is Vegas, right?  Last, from our view, the dancing wad not even in sync with each other. Mr. Wynn, I have so much respect for you and your accomplishments, but this show is (in our opinion) just bad.
5	Amazing show! If you love Sinatra then you'll love this show. The dancing and song choices was great!
