3	This location of McAlister's seems smaller than some of the other locations I have been to... but maybe it's just because this place has been pretty packed on the occasions I have been here.  They get pretty busy around lunch time on the weekends.  The menu and service are pretty standard here.
4	This McAlister's at the Arboretum seems to be a bit smaller than most (more narrow).  I stop by every month or so to take lunch to my folks house.  My typical order includes the New Yorker (Corned beef, pastrami, Swiss and spicy brown mustard on toasted rye) with a side of their potato salad - I love their potato salad.  The sandwich is good with well flavored, tender deli meat.  I also usually get a nacho basket for us to munch on too which is Ro-tel cheese dip and tortillas (hold the jalapenos, please).  The dip tastes like it comes out of a jar and the tortillas taste like they come out of a bag, but this is a sammich shop, not a mexican restaurant, so I don't expect perfection.  It's tasty and the dip is always nice and hot (hot temperature wise, it's a medium heat for spice).  And their sweet tea is YUM!  I order half and half so I am not drinking a gallon of sugar, but it is SO good.  I usually go prior to 11:30 on a weekend, so there isn't a crowd.  The employees are friendly and the to-go order is usually in my hands within minutes.
4	As with every other McAlister's I've been to, this one was great.  Very clean and the staff is always friendly and helpful.  the menu is extensive offering a large variety of  salads, soups, sandwiches, paninis, baked potatoes, and other deli favorites.  Try the Club or French Dip and you can't beat an Arnold Palmer from McAlister's! (Hint: If you are very hungry the French Dip can be ordered as foot long for a couple bucks more).
3	Pretty typical McAlisters
3	The service was a little slow, but I enjoyed my 1/2 club and broccoli cheese soup. Although I thought the soup was good, I missed the broccoli florets, like Panera...sorry.
5	Some of the best food I've had in Charlotte, and I've lived here for over 20 years. I make it a goal to get over here at least once a week. I can't get enough.
