5	This is the first time, I actually had a good Dahl soup, it  tasted homemade, with lemon and just the right balance of salt and spices. When I was homesick, I had eaten  at many Indian restaurants all over New York City and Jersey,  the Dahl soup was not as good as the one at this restaurant.  The Indian salad was excellent, lots of onions but not too strong, lots of variety and a beautiful presentation. The Chana was decent, the chick peas were soft and it had flavor but not too spicy. This is an exceptional Indian restaurant in Montreal, don't bother to go to parc-extension for your Indian food.
5	Love, love, loved it. Great Indian food... maybe the best I've ever had. Nothing we tasted amond 6-7 dishes wasn't A+. Can't say enough good things about their food. Decor was nice even though the place doesn't look like much from outside and the area is sort of run-down. I highly recommend it. Well done guys, keep it up! We'll be back and ordering take-out too, do doubt. Kudos.
4	Excellent food and service for a BYOW, I was very impressed. We decided to split one of their combination menus for two and let me tell you for a big eater I was having a hard time finishing the food in front of me ! Best mulligatawny soup I've ever had and the curries phenomenal. Definitely a gem in Verdun's wellington neighbourhood... which is starting to get pretty up and coming ! In a nutshell, great food, great service, great decor and great prices... what more can you ask for ? I will be back to this place !!! Bravo !
2	my SO and I went there on a whim as we were walking around the Verdun area! We love Indian food and were excited to discover this place.First and foremost: they had two groups of 8 having dinner that night. I know they were groups of 8 because it took 1 hour 45 minutes for our food to arrive due to a simply terrible service. so yes, I had the time to count. They could have brought us some bread... or SOMETHING, or told us about the delay, but we were ignored the whole time. I hoped that the appalling delay would be compensated by great flavor. I am reading the other reviews here and I'm confused: did you know butter chicken should not taste like sugar was dropped in it, or have you just skipped on the authentic Indian your whole life? I don't mean to sound pretentious (oh well...) but the flavor was not there, the food tasted like something I could have made in my slow cooker at home, but LESS flavorful. So disappointed! On the flip side, the Samosa I had as an appetizer was good! So that earns you a star. And a pity star. Because I dislike feeling like I HAVE to write a bad review, but you guys need to step up your service and food game.
5	I was with my gilfriend, we came on Monday around 9pm. Pretty much most of the restaurants nearby were closed, so kudos to this place.The deco is great, quite unusually beautiful for an indian restaurant. Service was fast and friendly. We had a jaifrazi and khaima (not sure), and boy it was quite spicy (the waiter told us)!!Overall great place.
2	Ordered some chicken Bhoona and curried vegetables for delivery. Pros: delivery time was reasonable, delivery man was polite and friendly, vegetables were fresh, not frozen. Cons: Sauces were not particularly flavorful or at all spicy, despite being listed as moderately spicy and portions were small (for about 20$ before tax, I got approximately 1/2 a chicken breast and less than 2 cups of cooked vegetables, between the 2 dishes).  Meh is exactly right
4	Good solid IndianButter chicken is there highlightPrices are good especially if you order takeout combos for 1 person turns out you ll have enough for 2 hungry men, add maybe a side order and you're good to go for 2 under 30$
