5	I don't have a lot to compare it to as I don't frequent many pawn shops, but Pawn 1st is #1 to me. I was here on business (to meet with the owner), and was greeted by the friendliest staff. These guys are seriously more outgoing than many staffers at Nordstrom! The store is neat, clean, and as one reviewer noted "doesn't stink like other pawn shops." No bars on the windows, guns or swords in the cases, and the staff is not armed like many other shops.  And from what I can tell, they have all of their teeth.  No really, they are all really nice guys! Every time I visit Pawn 1st they are somewhat busy. In these tough economic times, people need a safe and friendly place to get a loan or pawn some of their valuables. Or get some great deals on movies, games, or jewelry.  I even bought a few DVDs, for $3.00 each!  Keep up the good work, guys!
4	I recently purchased a Samsung Blu-Ray player from this shop after seeing an ad on Craigslist. There was a minor indiscrepancy over the price as the ticket read one price and the ad said another. Obviously, they gave us the price advertised. The guys behind the counter were very friendly and we received 15% off after I added them as friend on Facebook. *Note it is "Pawn First" on Facebook.
1	Service sucks and they leave ads up after the item is sold to get more calls
2	Well I was a loyal customer until today 5.9.14. After paying off my pawn tickets $425.00 after they had been renewed several times over the past year I inquired about my layaway that I did back in November of 2013. The assistant manager Art told me that the lawaway was cancelled back in January. I advised Art that I was given no time limit in which to pay the layaway and get this he said he knows and that's why they had to write staff up because they were telling customers there was no time limit.I then said well can I at least use the money I already paid ($45.00) and use that towards the lawaway and just pay it off today?He said NO because there is a 90 day layaway time limit. I advised him there was no time limit given to me. He said he couldn't prove that. I said you just mentioned that you had to write staff up because of them telling customers there was no time limit.He then starting talking about policy this and that.Keep in mind, they cancelled my layaway in January of this year and put the two items back on the floor. We are now in May (5 Months Later) and the two items are now on the floor for sale. Still!!!!So instead of making the sale, clearing inventory and keeping a 3 year customer happy and coming back Art wants to hide behind "policy", keep my $45 and lose a customer.Who promoted Art? My God why are people in authority so afraid to make decisions that promotes your business and keeps your customers happy.Its not like I got mad and said I want my money back.I asked to use it towards the purchase and I pay it off today!I will take my business elsewhere Art and I hope your boss Edwin is very proud of you.
1	I USED to come this location frequently. .but after an incident not so much..About the incident.. i went to purchase 2 xbox 360 games @$10ea..upon paying the rude store manager intervened with the transaction and said one of the games is $65..after the clerk had already gave me a price and ran my debit card.. the manager basically mocked me in front of everyone. .then walked off with the game saying they're putting it on ebay..
5	My Wife has a D color . Her ring needed to be complimented by the perfect wedding band and I needed a specific Platinum band for myself as well. Oshkosh designed via computer-aided drawing and emailed it to us to make sure it was as we discussed and to our liking. Both rings came out perfect. We are both complimented all the time and after we do we always say ""thank God we went to Oshkosh to have our rings made any other place would not do the engagement ring, or our marriage justice. I cannot say enough good things about them.
