4	Great place to check out if you're a nike fanatic, looking for some shoes, or shopping sport culture clothing. It's pretty big with 2 levels, men on the bottom, women on the top. The clothing are divided by the sports of your interest. I actually bought myself a pair of white sneakers that has that hint of glamorous metallic tone to them.
5	My favorite store at the premium outlet mall. They have Jordan stuff for $10, Nike shoes 2 pr for $60 and lots of outlet only apparel.  This is a true Nike lovers Disneyland. All things NIKE.
4	This Niketown has great selection of Nike gear. From running to basketball, they got it. Only downside is it's at end of Forum shops, making you walk far. But I guess that's part of the exercise. I've seen celebrities here like Pete Rose & Michael Vick (2 outstanding role models lol).
4	Not only do I lose money gambling, but I spend it at Niketown. I expected more at this Niketown because its in Caesar's but it actually had less.  The staff was uneven.  Some were cool, some were just trying to look busy so you wouldn't ask them anything.I'm such a Nike Sneaker Freaker that I could never give a rating below 4 stars.  Maybe next time around they turnover their inventory and their staff so I can give them a 5 instead.
4	The holy grail for a sneaker fan visiting Vegas.  Anytime in Vegas and you know a shoe is dropping, you know one place for sure is gonna have them.  Now you know, so go stand in line.
5	Niketown @ the Forum shops at Caesar's is the mecca for any Nike fan living in Vegas.  This tri-level Nike warehouse features everything you could possibly think of in the Nike world.  A full section devoted to almost every sport that Nike endorses, especially in the Basketball and Running world.  The Jordan section alone will make any fan of Nike fall in love.  Service is always on point, and considering the location they have reasonable pricing and plenty of fan gear.
3	I always come here each Vegas visit.  Always.  I love to see the huge amount of gear they have and almost always purchase something.  As great as that was, the workers didn't seem to care and help.  We stood in front of about 4 different employees at different times and not one gave us more than a "hello".We still bought stuff (can't help it), but it felt kind of good to tell the cashier, when she asked who helped us, "nobody did".  Awkward moments all around...good times.
4	We shopped here last week and to be honest this place has more new release products than the huge Niketown in downtown SF.  They also had many items on sale.....great place to get your latest Nike gear!
4	Won't you take me to...Niketown?!  Play the trifecta, this one's a winner:  It's everything Nike.  It's an outlet.  And it's right by the Caesar's animatronic statue show.  Seriously, you can buy shoes here for less than what you lose in 60 seconds on a single hand of blackjack!
2	Nothing special at this Niketown. It could be the smallest Niketown in the world. IMO, the selection is quite small compare to Chicago's Niketown. I rather go to the outlets in Vegas and find cheaper items.
4	There's so much stuff here it drives me crazy because I want it all. I grew up thriving and addicted to getting the newest pair of Nikes that came out. Most especially and specifically-- Air Jordans.  I collected the majority of basketball player shoes like Allen Iverson, Scottie Pippen, and some football players like Barry Sanders and Herschel Walker.  Now that I'm a little older, I gave up the addiction, kicked it, and moved onto a life that didn't revolve around a popular noise and symbol, aka the swoosh.  But coming here, I feel withdrawals and find it so hard to resist!The store is a 2-stories inside of the Caesar's Palace on the Strip with the huge popular symbol in front.  There are soo many shoes in there, I just want to join other sports just to buy them ALL!  They keep the store clean and fresh-- that pertains to the employees and the store itself.  The folks that work there are always helpful and know their sneaks!  The store's set-up is super modern and well-organized.  The best part about the store is that they have EXCLUSIVE sneaks! Keep up to date online with sneaker websites or ask some of the employees that work there (Hint: Ask if they know about exclusive sneakers first.).With all the selections of this Niketown, it's no wonder Nike is still one the most popular and demanded shoe brand in the market today: supply and demand.  If you're looking for a gift for your friends or family that are athletic, you can't go wrong with something from Niketown!Favorite parts of the store:-Pacquiao Shrine (LOL!)-The Jordan section-The cool displays in the front of the store-The shoe delivery tubes!
5	If you're in Vegas this is the Nike for you. I generally disregard the downstairs, I don't run and I'm not going to pretend I'm interested in it. I head upstairs and walk in circles talking myself into and out of countless pairs of shoes. Last time I was in there the associates were really friendly. While the rest of the people i was with shopped around I just stood with a few of the guys working and talked about what guys talk about. Sports, girls, nikes and food.
4	Sneakerhead heaven? Nahh....only good stuff is on release days. Occasional return, but blah...yeah those are my OG XIIs :)
5	I always go to this Nike when I'm in town, whether I'm there to shop like crazy or to window shop.  They always have cool gear that are up to date and the staff are very helpful. great place, great service.  What else do you need?!
5	So proud that Niketown Las Vegas is my local Niketown! After being closed for a couple months and having a re-grand opening at the end of July 2011 (which I had the privilege of attending) it is now a Niketown to be jealous of! I especially love the walls of Kobe/Jordan/Team USA while going up/down the escalators.    There is a NIke ID station which offers more options than you would be allowed online at home and your order is processed right away.    The running shoe (Air Max, Lunars, etc) section has the best selection in town. Have a large basketball (including Jordan) selection too. I'm always excited when there is a sale or hard to find shoe!   If you're looking for the hottest new releases, look no further!!
5	So many choices, great store!
5	I was in Vegas and of course i had to visit this location.  I'm never seen such a fine variety of the high-end athletic gear.  There was basically everything you would need and in many different colors too.  I am probably describing any other Niketown, but there are little exhibits you can look at throughout the store (They had some of the latest pro combat  football uniforms of various schools in glass displays if you're a big college football fan like me).  You will love going here esp. if you're an Oregon football, Lebron, or Kevin Durant fan.
5	Everytime I am in Vegas I have to stop by here, at least once. Love the new look, HUGE Jordan/ Nike Elite basketball sections and a NIKEid section.PS So happy to see that cheesy ass manny pacquiao section gone!!!
5	This Niketown is HUGE! It is much larger than my local Niketown in Los Angeles, and does not have the same suffocating feel that other Niketown's have. It is wide open and nicely decorated. What I love about Niketown is that they don't overwhelm you with an endless barrage of sales pitches or pressure like you will find at a mall store like Footlocker. They also don't have employees that are 'too cool' to get up off their chair and help you like you find at a lot of sneaker boutiques these days. The Las Vegas Niketown had a pretty good selection when I recently visited, and the employees were super friendly. I had a good chat with one of the employees about basketball sneakers, and he was very enthusiastic and knowledgeable. I had a great experience visiting this Niketown, and will be back for sure the next time that I visit Las Vegas.
3	This place is huge.But prices are high for a MP t-shirt.How is it $30?I like the AF1 and all the different colors for $88.50/each.
4	This store is huge!  They have all the latest Nike gear.  I'm not much into Nike to be honest, but I did go because I wanted to  check out the new Pacquiao gear.  It turns out they had a flippin' shrine setup for him.  It was pretty dope!  I did find tons of new Manny stuff, but everything was really expensive.  They also had a limited edition hoodie that he actually wore to the weight in earlier today.  There was only 108 made and Niketown Las Vegas had 30 of them.  To make things fair, they handed out raffle tickets.  If you ticket was pulled, then you were able to make the purchase at $250.  Unfortunately, I didn't win.Pros: *  Awesome collection of pretty much everything new. *  Nike ID where you can customer your own gear. *  Very organized store and super friendly staff that is open to helping you. *  Live DJCons: * No reception in the store * A bit over priced, but I guess that's normal since it's the latest stuff. * I didn't win the raffle  =(Tips: *  If you need help, feel free to ask any of the associates.  Everyone I interacted with was very nice and answered all my questions. Overall, I'd say it was a good experience.  I was there nearly two hours and the only thing I walked out with was picture ( default ).                   Team Pacquiao!!
3	Nike Store Las Vegas is a flagship "Brand Experience" store for Nike. Located in the Forum Shops of Caesar's Palace, it is a massive, two-floor showcase of display product.The store has a nice selection but, as my wife said, you almost needed to light yourself on fire to get service. We actually had to grab a floor associate who was chatting with another employee. He had not even acknowledged us before, despite direct eye contact from me.Pricing is higher than the Factory stores, but you'll find more current product at the Nike Store.
2	The service here sucks. My sister asked a salesperson for a size to try on for shoes and she said hold up and never came back. As we were waiting for her to come back (which she never did), we could see other salespeople just standing around talking to each other. This store is lazy and the workers don't look happy or willing to help.
5	I'm reviewing NTLV as somewhat of a sneakerhead (I'm past my prime and I don't by nearly as many shoes as I used to)I read a few reviews and I think NTLV has gotten some un warranted lost stars for price.NTLV like all other niketowns and their online store carry the current seasonal selections at nike msrp prices. I saw a few reviews complaining about prices and that outlets have cheaper prices. Of course they do they are outlets!all Niketowns update their FB and twitter for the new releases. I've noticed NTLV updates them the best and are usually faster than the other stores at giving release info.I'm not from LV, so I've only been to one release but it was a big one. Huge crowd and they handled it very well, very smoothly with great communication.It is a bit of a walk to get here but it's nt really something they can improve on.Overall, as a shoe collector, I think they are top notch.
5	A must-stop for me & my friends whenever we're in town. Staff has always been super friendly. A couple of them even remembered me saying it seems like we're in Vegas a lot... HA! I guess we are but not nearly enough, it seems. I really like the new look of NTLV. The style of the space using woods and the open layout. The opposing artist designed Retna walls in the basketball section I really like. It has everything I want under one roof. Nice basketball shoe & apparel section. Soccer section to get all my Manchester United gear. Nike sportswear section to see the latest in everyday wear with some new tech materials. I like the running section for all the socks, shoes & running gear. I like the college football section and the Oregon Duck football uni that's displayed. The displays are always on point.MJ was super helpful when we were trying to track down the Kobe VI Lower Merion shoe. We were staying at PH. And since it was also a Foot Locker HOH release , we thought we'd try our luck at HOH since it was at the Miracle Mile Shops below PH. We were staying there so we though our chances were better. We went to HOH when they told us they would open. They were still closed & didnt even end up getting the shoe that day. We were leaving town the next morning so that was our only chance.I though I'd call NikeTown in the off chance they still had some pairs. I spoke to MJ & she assured me they had them were willing to hold our sizes for an hour. 3 pairs all together. We drove across to Caesar's Palace Forum Shops with a sense of relief. We probably would not have had a chance to get these shoes if we were in LA. MJ was super helpful when we were trying to track down the Kobe VI Lower Merion shoe. She didnt have to hold the shoes but she was nice enough to. I'm grateful for that & she should be commended for her customer service. She even helped me find some elite running socks. Best running socks ever... Thank you NTLV... You know I'll be there next time I'm in town. In a few weeks, in fact. Vegas!
4	I stopped in for the Nike FuelBand and some Run Las Vegas gear.Employees were helpful and spent some time letting me try on the FuelBand so I was sure which size I needed.Nice selection for both sexes and cool wall displays.
5	This place is amazing and huge! Even if you're not a Nike fan you have to drop by and visit. I got free gift certificates that were valid here so I had no choice but to buy a few pairs of Air Force ones... I was surprised at how many thing Nike sells... If you win at Caesars, spend some your winnings here and enjoy the history of the Nike Company.
3	Las Vegas, we are very lucky to have a Nike Town.  I visit here often because I like to keep up on my shoe collection.  Luckily, I have small feet and don't have to participate in the Twitter fight :).  Some of the special releases are only released here, too.  This store is huge and categorized just like a department store, women's, men's, Jordans, kids, sports, and NikeID.  Its a hit or miss as far as customer service goes, the day I went to pick up my Spizikes, the young lady assisting me acted like she needed some coffee.  I don't know if they get commission, but when I'm in the mood to buy shoes, I'm the customer on a mission to get what I came for, so if it is commission, its easy commission, so put a smile on your face.  When you need your Nike products, this is the place to go, to at least take a look at it.  Nike has so many outlets now, depending on your need, you can pick up your items elsewhere if you don't have the time to come to the strip, possibly even for a cheaper price if its a couple months old.  Beautiful layout and displays as far as retail goes.
5	I consider us lucky to have a Nike Town because there are not many U.S. cities that have one. This was also the first one to get the Nike ID station for customizing shirts, shoes and other apparel that I cannot think of off the top of my head. The prices for customization are surprisingly not too expensive either. Also, I do know this location gets brand new Nike products in stock or limited edition stuff can be ordered here (limited edition/new Kobe shoes, etc.)Although located in the far back of the Forum shops, it is well worth the walk to because it is a massive 2 story store with alot of of apparel as well as nicely decorated athletic memorabilia. During March Madness earlier this year, they had mannequins wearing college jerseys. To gear up for NFL they had a setup with all NFL teams' top selling jerseys lined up. The second floor escalator has a nice setup of framed jerseys and photos of the men's Team USA basketball. Up top I recall they have a large clothing line for Nike golf and soccer. Although I probably would not buy anything here because I'm more of an online/outlet shopper, this is definitely a store that tourists should stop by and visit because it is a shrine to all that is Nike.
5	I came to Niketown Las Vegas this past weekend in search of a specific pair of sneakers.  Unfortunately, they were sold out of just one size...my size!  I was bummed, but the sales rep helped me to special order the shoes from Niketown San Francisco.  He wrote down all of the information for me, and I was able to call up the other Niketown and order the shoes for just an additional $10 shipping charge.  I was excited to come back home to LA, and have the sneakers that I ordered delivered to me!  Very cool!
5	First things first, I love how much crap this Niketown has!  Has everything, considering I'm a basketball fan, NFL fan, and a football (that's soccer for you uncouth individuals out there) fan.  Love how spread out and spacious everything is, and staff is generally very helpful.  There aren't many Niketowns around the country, so when I stop by Vegas I always try to make it here.The other thing is about the Twitter DM process for limited kicks.  Ok, so I win the DM war for the Jordan 11 Playoffs.  Except I can't get to Vegas in time because of STUPID TRAFFIC ON 15 AT THE BORDER.  So I gotta win it AGAIN (and I do).  I must say though, it's nice to just breeze in, cop my Jordans, and walk out in 3 minutes.  Beats having to waste half my day in line for some damn shoes.
4	Niketown (located inside the Forum Shops at Caesars) is one of those must see and must shop Nike's.  This store is well organized, presented very well, and the selection is all about what's "In" now.  The store is spacious and the staff is every where to be seen in case assistance is needed.  The size is fairly big, but keep in mind it's also two levels.  You got your shoes and team sports on the first level (basketball, football, baseball, etc) and your individual sports on the second level (golf, tennis, and running). If you visit this Nike, take your time and view the whole place.  I stated earlier that this store's selection is based on what's "In" now.  This also goes for which sports stars are the talk right now.  I remember upstairs being nothing but Tiger Wood (pre-divorce) or Manny Pacquio (pre-losing).  You can still find some TW gear, but just not as much as before.  Don't worry, Jordan is still represented well.  There's also a ton of inspiring statements from pros in their prime.  A lot of these quotes and statements are found on the walls facing the escalators.  If you want to take a shot or read more, you may have to take multiple trips up and down.  Just Do it, it's worth it.
4	Came in to try on some shoes I was interested in. The staff was helpful and attendant when I was choosing between a couple sizes, but gave me some time and space when I walked around a bit to try them out.The store is super clean and the setup featured a lot of very eye-catching product. Checkout was quick and easy. Yay!
3	Hunnie Bunnie needs some new kicks so here we are! I tried to pick out some white ones for her, but they didn't have her size so I told her to pick out another pair. Black and Pink it is. She loves them. She was so excited she was like: Is it tomorrow yet so I can wear them?!! How am I gonna sleep tonight when I am SOOOO excited to wear my new shoes?!!!! HAHAHA. What a cutie. The customer service was aiight there, could have been better - like when I am standing in front of an associate with a shoe in my hand but he continues to talk to another employee instead of acknowledging me. Or when he gets me the shoes but then just hands them to me instead of unlacing them and getting them ready for HB to actually try on. BUT ANYWAY. Babygirl was happy with her shoes so that's all that matters!
5	Got my Nike+ Fuel band for Mothers Day and I'm loving it. The Nike store at the Forum Shop at Caesars Palace is wonderful and has extraordinary customer service.
1	Dismal customer service. No greeting. No offer of help. Just blank stares as each employee walked lethargically by, others either stood in place, or leaned against a wall. One group of employees working the second floor -- if you could classify standing around, while customers circled them, work -- derided the very store they worked for, discussing, loudly enough to be heard 10-15 feet proximal from there location, the "obscene cost" of the products, which is their charge to sale. Their behavior was grossly inappropriate, highly unprofessional.After selecting a few items, I then made my way down stairs to settle up. As I approached the counter, an item caught my attention, a Nike heart monitor wrist watch. The employees directed with the task of educating customers about the features of the wrist watch, stood lazily some 10 feet away, one swinging their arms back and forth. I suppose he was in the midst of his cool down post-work workout, as he causally spoke clearly enough to be heard over the house music, about personal matters. I walked away after staring at the watch for some minute or two.The best of the worse, however unbeknownst to me, was the coming experience at the cashier's register. It would be the only time an employee would deign to open their mouth long enough to form some matter of syllabic sounds, known as language. The cashier, it had appeared as though an eraser had been drug the length of her face, effacing every mark of emotion one may have in their eyes or mannerisms. She, the cashier, waved us forward with a couple quick perfunctory flicks of her hand, as one may do with a small child, or dog; neither of which, I am. I presented my clothes to her, she said nothing. After a moment, she did ask, "is that it?" I am sorry I bothered you, I thought. She gave us the total, we paid and she stored the items in a bag. Once handing over the bag I began to walk away, as I heard a thoroughly mechanical, nearly inaudible, "Welcome."Never coming back to this store. Disgusted with the abject laziness and disinterestedness in the employee's overall work ethic. Management, simply must be incompentent here.
5	One of the main reasons I go to the forum shops is Niketown and the giant aquarium for the kiddo. They have large amount of inventory and all the latest releases. They also release limited nike, Jordan shoes here and it really gets crazy. They have sections for every major sport. staff is very helpful and friendly. prepare to spend $$. Enjoy !
4	I love Nike despite the sweatshop issue. I get my workout clothes and shoes here. All of my KD's I've gotten from here. This one is located between Cheesecake Factory and a gallery behind the aquarium at the Forum Shops inside Cesar's Palace.Kobe's, Jordan's and KD's...Manny Pacquiao, American football, Barcelona futbol, Christiano Ronaldo - shoes, shirts, caps, jerseys, etc. Things you'll need for the gym/ sports.I got yoga pants, running pants, yoga wraps, KD VI Aunt Pearls, jacket, cap and tops on my last visit. The employees here are chill, friendly, helpful and so far, they've answered all my questions. They don't act like vultures wanting to make a sale. Some of the pants are $120+, some are $50+ so, I easily spent $800+ the last time. There are reasons why I keep buying Nike stuff over the years - they have nice designs and they pretty much last forever.I like the layout of this store. The first floor is for football, basketball, futbol and men's section. Second floor is for tennis, golf, running, yoga, kids' and women's section.
5	I was looking for a particular nike shoe for my son. They did not have his size in store (champs), after checking other stores and online I couldn't find his size. My son really wanted these shoes!! I contacted nike and champs via 1-800 number. No luck, after many calls I was told to call nike town in ceasars forum shops. Mark answered and I informed him of my situation and the shoe I was looking for. Unfortunately they did not have them either, but he went above and beyond to find them online in the size I needed!!!! Great job Mark!!! Thank you so much from myself and my son!!
3	I love the IDEA of this store...if only they had a larger selection for women.  It's odd that they don't have all the current ladies shoes that you can find at Nordstrom or Dillard's....or even Foot Locker.  I still found a pair I liked, but not the pair I came in for that I found on Nike's website.  Se la vie.
5	Can't go wrong with nike, everyone should have a pair. My whole family rocks nike, and Nike town is where we go. You can always catch us in store or ordering our latest online. Just wish nike would have an awards program with all the money spent here.
5	Great selection. And its fair here. First come first serve. And great service. And hightech
