5	Last Saturday my friend and I said, what else is there to do on a Saturday afternoon except eat, drink and hang out.  We definitely went to the right place to do this.  The new NoRTH in Arcadia, Sam Fox's latest creation, met our every need.  I started off with a Stray Dog to drink.  I'm not sure what was in it but it looked pretty and tasted good so I guess that's all that matters.  My friend tasted it and ordered that as her second drink since it was so good.   For an appetizer, we ordered the bread & cheese.  I had no idea what to expect because it said it came with tomato jam.  What is tomato jam?  I'm still not sure I know, but I know I would go back to specifically order this.  The garlic bread came with warm, melted Italian cheese, almost like fondue, in a little skillet.  The bread with the cheese and the tomato jam was the perfect bite...Mmmm.   Next we ordered a pizza to split.  Verdure was the name of it.  It was topped with brussels sprouts, butternut squash, caramelized onions, hazelnuts and ricotta salata.  Need I say more?  Delish!  My friend and I even told the valet guy on our way out to make sure he tried the pizza with the butternut squash.  Next we split a pasta which was a recommendation from our waiter.  (Obviously...how could someone not recommend this).  This was definitely my favorite.  The Agnolotti (definitely homemade!)  was filled with ricotta, mascarpone, pecorino, grana padano and topped with herb butter.  The sauce was so light that it allowed you to eat every single bite, and we both did, without being too rich.  I don't usually eat pasta, but I will definitely be eating this again soon.  It really was so delectable.  Next we split the Scottish salmon salad.  How come I would never think to put marcona almonds and figs in my salmon salad with white balsamic?  It was so tasty and flavorful.  The food being served at tables near us definitely kept catching my eye.  Everything looked so unique and appetizing.  Besides the food, the atmosphere was also very fun and chill.  We were just enjoying our afternoon hanging out and eating amazing food.  Oh wait, I forgot my second drink.  I got the Red Rooster which was like a fancy version of a Bloody Mary.  It came with a little skewer of a caprese on it - really it came with little tomatoes and mozzarella on top of it.  So awesome!  We also ordered affogato for dessert but I was too full to eat it.  My friend said it was orgasmic.  Guess that explains that.  All of the waiters were very attentive.  Service is not always good at a new restaurant, although here it was exceptional.  It was fun to check out (no pun intended) all their different plaid and checked shirts too.  Boring uniforms at a Fox Restaurant...never.  I even told my friend and one of our waiters that this is the best Fox Restaurant yet.  I don't live as close to this restaurant as a lot of other Fox Restaurants, but I will definitely be back and cannot wait to try more yummy food.
4	Sam Fox does it again!  I've been a somewhat regular patron of NoRTH Kierland and I'm also a fan of the NoRTH locations in Tucson and Denver, so I was really excited to find learn that the sixth location was being built just minutes from my house in Arcadia!FRC did an amazing job transitioning this old car wash space into a gorgeous looking modern Italian Farmhouse.  It's spacious and and comfortable.  While I've only been for lunch, I will definitely return for dinner, and I hear they may be serving breakfast at this location too which I'd be down to try also.While I'm not a fan of being forced to valet, at least it's free (although you've gotta factor in a tip). All of the staff from the valet to the hostess and waiters were exceptionally friendly, and as mentioned in other reviews, their "uniforms" are extremely cool.  But even more important is the food... and this menu is different than the others (although they do have some of my favorite old standbys like zucca chips and the insalate casa aka Caesar salad).  Some new favorites from my recent lunch are the salumeria panini (soppressata, salami, mortadella, roasted peppers, provolone) and the verdure pizze (brussel sprouts, butternut squash, caramelized onion, spiced hazelnuts, ricotta salata).  And if you're looking for a little snack or starter, I'm a huge fan of the crispy chickpeas.  Since this new location is conveniently located super close to my home, I can't wait to return to try some of their other menu items and some wine, beer, or cocktails from their very well stocked bar.  Happy hour, anyone?
5	So happy to have another option in our great restaurant rich neighborhood. The space is much larger than it appears from the street, and is broken up really well into comfortable areas. The open kitchen really does have an Italian country feel, and the lighting gives the very large open room a warm feel. Nice large bar as well. Best of all is the number of walls that open up to the outside-perfect for this time of year. Our server had the perfect combination of personality and humor-not too much, just right. The menu has a great selection, no matter your appetite. The Burratta was nice and creamy, with a nice compliment of apple slices and Rocket. The potatoes with parmesan, rosemary and perfect lemony aioli were off the chain. I wanted an order to take home! Pizza crust is very tasty and perfect texture. Hanger steak was perfectly cooked and seasoned. The brunch menu looks super yummy-we definitely have a new hangout on the hood. Great job, Sam Fox!
5	New Sam Fox restaurant and I think we have struck gold, baby!!!  We went for breakfast this morning and had a wonderful meal, so we decided to check out their dinner menu.  It was very busy for a Sunday evening and the food was absolutely fabulous!!! We started out with the Italian Salad that had a beautiful lemon, oregano dressing.  After we ranted and raved over that,   I had the Ricotta Gnocchi which was beef short ribs in a horseradish creme and arugula.  It was HEAVENLY!!!! I wanted to swim in it, but that would be weird.  My husband had the pork chop with cabbage and a creamy polenta.  It was prepared to perfection!  And dessert?  Normally we say, "no".........but please....Italian donuts in a vanilla marscapone cream with lemon curd?  I wanted to cry. Deeelicious.  This is a FABULOUS new hot spot and we have made it our mission to eat our way through the menu!   The servers and staff ALL had smiles and were so kind.  This is my new fav and THANK YOU for being close to home!!!
4	I like.  This restaurant is very inviting with a bright interior that looks like a fancy barn house.  There is a large outdoor seating area as well.  Fresh pasta is made in the open kitchen.  Upon the recommendation of the waiter, I ordered the ravioli filled with pork and mushroom in a light butter sauce.  The lemon zest is a refreshing addition.  For a starter, we also got the chef's board which includes 2 cheeses, 2 meats, and crusty bread.  Overall, the food is tasty.  The wine list is good.  -1 star because I do not like valet parking and the openness of the restaurant means flies are welcome to sample your food at the table...
4	I really enjoyed the new NORTH in Arcadia. The waitress Madison was very helpful and knowledgeable. The atmosphere was lively and fun! The only thing I had a problem with is that when you asked for bread, they said there was a charge for this.  I didn't think that should be the case....otherwise I would give it an A-.
5	Tried the new NoRTH this Sunday in Arcadia and we sat outside and loved the atmosphere!  The fondue bread appetizer was awesome and to die for! I could have eaten the whole thing myself! We shared the Italian Salad and the beet salad and both were delicious. We also shared the beef short rib gnocchi and the rock shrimp pasta and both were great. Save room for the Italian donuts in cheese cream sauce. Extremely decadent!  Great place! I would go back and sit at the bar if I were by myself. The bar is nice and opens inside to the outside just like Hawaii!
5	My husband and I just had the best meal we've had in some time.   We started  by sharing the fall vegetable salad, singlehandedly the most innovative salad I've had in a long time-faro, kale, romaine, dates and almonds in a beautifully light (and properly) dressed  white balsamic dressing.  Lord have mercy, that was GOOD! We then shared the ricotta gnocchi with beef short rib, arugula and bread crumbs. The bread crumbs did not go unnoticed by me.  They added a "snap" to the gnocchi that was fabulous-beautiful texture!  We also shared the raviolini which was stuffed with pork and roasted mushrooms, topped with fresh arugula in a preserved lemon sauce. Again, innovative and unbelievably delicious.  So unexpected, so delicious and all recommended by our knowledgable waiter, Connor.   And because we each took a very long bike ride today (and because we are pigs), we treated ourselves to one dessert each! The sticky toffee cake and the affogato.  Both were very good but super sweet and I would not have them again together-a bit too much. But that was our mistake. We simply couldn't stop. Once I got used to the salt on the sticky toffee cake which was a bit shocking on the buds (trust me, I know all about the salty sweet thing-I was a fan of it before you were born), I grew to adore it. We also got the affogato which we both agreed was a bit too sweet. I would have liked to bite into something a bit more substantial than just nutella-and trust me, I dig nutella. To sum up our experience-GO!
4	I think I've found a new addition to my Arcadia list of likes! I remember NoRTH from my days of U of A. It was the first of its kind of Tucson and the place for college kids to go if they wanted to feel "grown up" and for the small group of young professionals who live in Tucson to hang out at night. Well, fast forward some years and Sam Fox has now opened up another NoRTH location in the Arcadia hood and I'm a huge fan! I've been here a couple times now and I've been happy with every visit. I absolutely loved the anti-pasta boards which come with your choice of cheese, meat and accompanied by sourdough bread. It's a perfect meal for lunch if you feel like sharing that and a salad. There paninis are buttery deliciousness! Be prepared that these guys are not low-cal, but if you're in the mood for some delicious buttery bread sandwiched with creamy cheese and yummy meat, this is for you. My favorite is the salumi which is a combination of meat and cheese. As for the pizzas, again this is no low-cal option but they are soft and crunchy at the same time and come in a variety of flavors. I love the decor of NoRTH. It feels like there should be an ocean or lake right outside the doors and I really enjoy the open environment of this converted car wash. The high ceilings and open doors make the restaurant open and airy. There's plenty of seating including bar seating along with dining seating. This would be a good spot to either go for some drinks and appetizers or a full meal. Thanks for bringing a tasty addition to the Arcadia neighborhood!
5	I just had the gnocchi with short ribs! My new favorite meal! So yummy:)
3	I went there Sunday for brunch by myself, sat at the bar. Was promtly greeted and given a menu, no smile however. I had a few questions about the coctails which were answered and I debated between two drinks I got the one I didn't order. However I didn't mind because it was fantastic. I had the fritata which was nice but small, I enjoyed the swiss chard and fingerling potatoe combo and the smoked mozz over the fritata was nice. I also got a side of polenta. Which was not your typical polenta, it was delicious don't get me wrong but it had no texture, it might as well been cream of wheat. It was very creamy and smooth and I was just expecting a more textured dish when it comes to polenta. I will say I did like the big open space and farm like appeal, however I did not like the dirt patio.  I would like to go back to try some other dishes, some of the pizza's looked more interesting than others and the salads I would like to try.Over all I would give it 3.5 stars and would come back, at least for a drink if not to eat again.
5	Lunch today must say "From: -ambiance (un Arizonian) open uncluttered indoors w outdoor seating decorated and warmed today by a wall hearth.- staff-lots of native young energetic quietly, efficient- not trying to converse you away from great food. -Menu w no fan fare straightforward and clear presented in a -non-intimidating manner. NOW the cuisine-worthy of 5 stars! As a quintessence foodie (eat out 60% time) I found the cuisine delicate, artisan plates truly reminiscent for me of Italian countryside meals.- Wine list unique not all  'fresh vintage's older than 2010 & 2009. I enjoyed a 2007 Piedmont red by the glass All of the above PLUS reasonable prices-so important- so we can go often, looking forward to revisiting for dinner  then for the brunch.
4	Went there for lunch. The grilled chicken sanwich was great, the grilled vegtebles sandwich was not. Tasty but very oily...The place looks great and the service was fantastic. Sam Fox knows how to create them :)
5	I'm a big fan of small and local business and I must admit I felt a little protective when I saw a Fox Concepts restaurant going up in my own neighborhood.  I finally decided to try it with a friend and I have to say it's a wonderful addition to current Arcadia offerings.I stopped by ahead of time to grab a menu to peruse and I was immediately excited because I saw that if my first visit was good, I'd have to do about 10 more to sample everything that caught my eye.  When I see "Italian" I brace myself for more of the same old pastas and sauces, but this menu has a lot of variety, and it includes seasonal offerings (which as a nutritionist is important to me).I tried a farro-kale salad and would order it again (on trip 11, after trying everything else!)My friend and I sat on the patio which, despite the cold night, was packed the entire time we were there.I do love the neighboring restaurants but it's nice to have a little bit of competition for inspiration.  So happy this is within walking distance for me!Valet parking is complimentary, by the way, for those who drive.
3	NoRTH solidified and provided affirmation to my opinion of Fox Restaurant Concepts as a whole.  This one is on par with the product they produce, and I will say that they do their thing well.  You know to expect a cool place; well decorated, creatively put together, very trendy, hip design and atmosphere.  Casual enough that you can go in and relax, but edgy enough that the yuppies and trendy socialites will like to be seen.  The food is good, but never memorable "I need to go bag and have that ___" good.  The ingredients are fresh and the meals are well prepared and creatively crafted, however, that's what you should get, for the price.  NoRTH is no exception to any of these predispositions.  The staff is good looking in their plaid attire to convey the casual-ness, and we were promptly greeted (and thanked on the way out).  After about a 10 minute wait we were seated at one of the high top tables in the bar area, which gave a nice vantage point to see the neat array of material used in construction.  The place is well staffed, service was as it should be, and everything was completed in a timely manner.  So lets start with drinks, shall we?The wine list is a bit confusing, because many of the varieties aren't common nomenclature.  Maybe I'm wine ignorant, but to me, it seems as if it would have been more helpful to give a description of each, or at least order them from lightest to fullest body...anything to give you a clue as to what was what.   Looking to appetizers next, more menu questions arise.  There are some items on the front page that should be ordered a la carte, I guess? to assemble an antipasti board of sorts, but then there are full blown apps on the inside of the first page.  A bit confusing as to what is what.  We simply wanted some bread to go with our Italian fare, and since it wasn't included, we ordered the baked olive oil bread from the front page.  It was good, but neither the two of us or our server were sure that we were going to receive what we were seeking.  The dinner menu has some creative and fresh takes mixed with old standards, as you would expect from the fox brand.  A few more questions on what was what, and we had our decisions.  I embarked on the chicken wrapped in prosciutto, and my lady half took on the shrimp pasta dish.  Both came out in a reasonable amount of time, and were presented very well.  The food was good, nicely put together, and creative enough that you felt you weren't eating somewhere else.  The pasta dish she had was very unique, in a red sauce that was minty at first, spicy, then finishing in a basil-y sweetness.  The verdict is still out but it was a cool dish, and my girlfriend enjoyed it.  The prosciutto wrapped chicken was very nicely crafted on a bed of sauteed spinach with some fingerling potatoes that were delicious.  The chicken was prepared properly, although I thought I would have been maybe a little more moist considering it was wrapped in ham and so salty...I was expecting a brine effect of moisture.  Either way, both meals were good, but then again, it seems like they should be at $17 each.  Neither will leave me with the overwhelming urge to go back anytime soon, but I wasn't dissatisfied either.  To make it a true date night we finished it off with the nutella cake and vanilla gelato thing.  It was very decadent, the nutella cake portion was flour-less so almost like a mouse, topped with the cold and creamy gelato and chocolate covered espresso beans.  There was a nice contrast between the flavors, textures, and even the temperatures of the warm cake and the cool gelato.  This would serve as the highlight in my opinion.So all in all, NoRTH to me is like every other fox restaurant, it's cool, good, consistent, maybe a little overpriced for food that is slightly casual, but it's good enough that they get away with it, and you realize you are paying for the ambiance and experience too.  It's another one of those places I know I can get a good meal, but leaves you searching for more if you like those rare finds that provide you with culinary perfection at the same price, or the complete package for slightly more.  3-stars is completely appropriate.  It's good, good enough that we will probably end up there again, but not good enough that you can't wait for that time to come.  Nothing really blows you away in terms for food, service, quality, ambiance, or any other intrinsic for that matters, so I'm not sure it would deserve any more stars, it's a solid "good".
4	Tip - You have to utilize their "complimentary valet." There is no way around it, the restaurant is located in an area with NO street parking within walking distance and the plaza across the street is off limits to NoRTH patrons.Now onto the review:NoRTH is yet another great Fox Concepts restaurant to take a date, with just the right amount of mood lighting. I happen to enjoy looking at my boyfriend ;) so I wouldn't care if the room was bright as day, but you know how some fancy restaurants are just SOO dark that the song "better with the lights off" comes to mind? This is definitely not that, I don't like those restaurants haha.ANYWAY, the decor is cute, decked out with a modern farmhouse feel and the plaid-shirt suited up service is IMPECCABLE. The food is pretty good too :)Here's what we ordered:$11 - Cheese & Bread platter: Melted Italian cheese with tomato jam + toasted Sourdough bread with olive oil -- this was pretty good, especially with the tomato and fruit jam in the middle of the cheese to spread onto the perfectly toasted bread. **NOTE: THIS IS A LARGE & FILLING APPETIZER $17 - Rock Shrimp Pasta: VERY DELICIOUS! The noodles are playfully shaped and the sauce is a tomato base with a little citrus hint and some chili flakes. That's my personal description of it, but the menu description sounds way better - that's why I ordered it, and when I did, the waitress confirmed that it was her favorite pasta dish on the menu.$15 - House Special Pizza - Fresh mozzarella, some type of Italian sausage (but it was very thinly cut, almost like prosciutto) and tomato sauce. This was okay in my book. Nonetheless, nice serving size and good taste - definitely enough for one person.
4	I LOVE this restaurant!! I have been here two times and the food is delicious!! The whole ambiance of this restaurant is unlike anything else I have seen.  The decor is spot on, even down to the servers uniforms.  Ok and the food was AMAZING! I came with a large group so we sorta split everything!  We tried a few of the pizzas and salads and everything was delicious!! Plus they have a house bottle of wine for $20!! (GREAT DEAL)The only downside is the parking, but where on 40th st doesn't have parking issues :)
4	Food and atmosphere were amazing, but service mildly sucked. Went for lunch with some girlfriends I hadn't seen in ages so we wanted a place where we could hang out and enjoy some fine foods and laughs.  It was two vegetarians and 2 non vegers.  The server wasn't sure about which dishes were  vegetarian which made one of my friends a little unsure still whether her dish had chicken stock in it.  We ordered a couple drinks and food that we all shared.  I wasn't a huge fan of my Malbec in a water glass, but the wine itself was nice and inexpensive ($7)  We got the pizza that had brussels sprouts, onions, nuts, and sweet potato that was one of the most delicious pizzas I have ever had (and I have had A LOT of pizza). All the flavors blended perfectly while maintaining their own individual deliciousness.   We also got the pesto tortellini that was also pretty amazing.  It was cool to watch the kitchen crew making the pasta out in the open too.   There was another pasta with red sauce that was good and a chicken sandwich that was also  good, but not overly memorable.  The restaurant is nice open air, with a very relaxed atmosphere that doesn't make you feel you need to rush.  Comp valet was a nice touch to the meal.
4	Before going to NoRTH, I thought it would be just another chain formula "Fox-in-the-box" type restaurant. Wow, was I mistaken! As a big fan of independent, mom and pop businesses serving up local flavor restaurants, I don't say that very often.New York SteakThe NY steak was perfectly cooked medium rare and deliciously tender.  Not on par with anything from Donovan's or Ruth's Chris, but a solid choice for the money. ScallopsAs an avid scuba diver, I love seafood and eat scallops every time I'm near the ocean. These were some of the best I've ever tasted.TiramisuI enjoyed the tiramisu, especially the unique way it was served, but I don't feel that it was memorable.  Good, but not great.ServiceOur service was attentive without being overbearing.  I appreciated the time our waiter took to review each section of the menu and provide not only suggestions, but commentary on the entrees.
5	Great service, food & atmosphere; love the new location!!We started out with the bread & cheese... so good, I love how the bread was grilled, one of my favorite ways to eat bread & the cheese was nice & tasty. For an entree my friend & I split the Fungi pizza, which was amazingly savory, oh so good! My husband had the salami panni which I stole a bite from & it was freakin' good! There french fries are smashed potatoes cover in graded parmesan, they were good but a bit too heavy for me, I am a skinny fry type of gal.All & all a great lunch & I will definitively be coming back, maybe when we have visitors in town since the ambiance is so great!
5	Decided to stop by and check out the new place Tuesday.  Complimentary valet is convenient if you get there early before the lot fills up.I was impressed by the nice open design and high ceilings of the building.  I grabbed a seat at the bar and the server was super friendly and informative.My pizza was on happy hour special that day and was only $8 which was a great value. I can't remember exactly what was on it other than chicken.  I also tried some of my friend's mafaldine pasta which was delicious with the rock shrimp.This is a fun place bustling with energy.
2	despite my best attempts to divert a visiting aunt from dining at this place, we ended up at NoRTH for dinner one evening.the service is great, the location and ambience are nice too, but the food is just terrible. the appetizers and main dishes were really not tasty at all. i truly feel that the restaurant tries too hard to serve trendy spins on regular dishes. they just end up tasting gross.come for drinks (those are great), but skip out before eating.
5	Went to North with my family of 11, including the under 7 crowd. We had a good table near the kitchen, so the kids (and adults) could watch the pasta being made. Everything I tasted was really good, including:o Raviolini, pork with lemon preserves tastes so fresh.o Tortelinnio roast porko beet salad, also,with a hint of lemono short ribs w/ gnocchi Save room for dessert! The budino, salted caramel and bombolini (essentially donuts) we're fabulous.The wait staff was very attentive and good. The ambience was modern and not pretentious, with a good mix of families and others.Definitely would go back.
4	I don't do a lot of reviews; compelled to write one for this restaurant. This place is fairly new; converted from a car wash station. Inside was contemporarily beautiful. The food is EXCELLENT and our server Brandon is hands down the most pleasant waiter we've ever had in a long time! He should get a raise soon because we believe he loves his job. The only thing that made me not want to rank this as a 5 star because you are forced to give your keys to the valet; no biggie. Check out this place for the ambiance and great Italian food!!
4	Sam Fox, you always seem to have a beeline directly to my  wannabe foodie heart.I came to the New North as I call it just four days after it opened. Usually you think brand new restaurant they are probably still ironing out the kinks right? You must not know Sam Fox like I know him. This man has a knack for turning mediocrity into excellence. I mean the space used to be a car wash! A CAR WASH! Only Fox vision could turn a car wash into  an amazing addition to the Phoenix restaurant scene. The restaurant is officially called North Fattoria Italiana, which I will tell you was confusing at first. When your friend calls you and says "Want to go to North, it's the new Sam Fox restaurant?" "You mean the one at Kierland? That's not new." "No not that one a new one." HUH??I decided to stop asking questions and just go. Our waitress informed us that Mr. Fox is probably going to take all of his North locations in this more casual direction. I started my experience with the Julietta cocktail. Super awesome and girly, I love any cocktail with bubbles. Plus the cocktail looks like an accessory to your already cute outfit. The menu is a neighborhood Italian vibe. Pizza, pasta, antipasti. Of course, there is the Sam Fox flair. I shared the margherita pizza, which was very good and the ricotta gnocchi. Both were stellar. The gnocchi is not a traditional potato gnocchi, but it was very good. Of course I finished off my meal with dessert. Since, nutella to me is as good as gold I ordered the "affogato", and it was a great end to an overall great meal and experience. A plus was that our waitress was very knowledgeable and attentive. Always nice to have good service when you are spending your hard earned cash. I can't wait to go back and give New North another spin.Touche Sam Fox, touche.
3	This is a struggle, because expectations were set high from recommendations and reviews.  I have to say the food was a little disappointing, or at least  inconsistent.  The Italian mixed greens salad was excellent.  The kids had the pepperoni pizza, which was very good.  I favor thin crust pizzas which this was.  I had the tagliatelle.  The pasta was thick, too dense for my taste and the sauce was forgettable.  My wife had the seabass.  The sauce and vegetables overwhelmed the delicate flavor of the fish.  I didn't like it at all.  That said the service was attentive and the atmosphere was casual upscale.  I would be willing to give the place another try.
4	Had a wonderful happy hour nosh and drinks.   Love the design and layout of the restaurant.  We sat out on the front patio and it was very charming.The service was super friendly and attentive.  We got one of the chefs small pizzas...with mushrooms on it...was delicious.  And we got the cheese, meat and bread nosh plate which was delightful.Have been many times to the NORTH ...up North.  The vibe at this one is much more casual and relaxed.   Have to try the main dishes for dinner next time.
4	Had a wonderful night out here with good friends in late December, 2011.  Love the open concept!  I was surprised by the homeade pasta and high quality ingredients.  Our food was fantastic, our service was great and the wine list was pretty good as well.  Will surely go back.
3	Well, I have this soft spot for the FOX restaurant group because they totally nail it when it comes to atmosphere, decor, and a great staff. But I'm learning that while those are their strengths, it's the flavor of the food that's lacking. Don't get me wrong, the food is not bad by any means, it's ok or good, but it's not great. I can get GREAT pizza and pasta at some other places in the valley, and they may even be cheaper there. So while FOX gets an A+ in most categories, they need to bring their B to an A in flavor. But this is just my opinion so try it for yourself. It's worth going to and sitting at the outside bar is awesome. I will give it another shot there by ordering some other things on the menu. Would love to prove myself wrong.
2	I went there for lunch today.  The food seemed pricey.  I had the mushroom pizza for $14 which was OK, there were 2 pieces left and neither I or my guest took it home.  The Italian salad was very good but a bit pricey for $12.  We had coffee and it was so weak we could not drink it.  The service was good but I don't think I would go back.
5	I love this place. Delicious homemade pasta and a beautiful, open atmosphere. They accommodated my birthday party of about 30 people even though they don't take non-corporate reservations. They were still able to sit us all in the same general area relatively quickly on a busy night. I've gone a couple times since it just opened and I haven't been disappointed once. Sometimes I even stop by here for a drink on the patio while I walk my dog around the neighborhood. While I'm sad that it is no longer that really awesome hand carwash, I can't complain that it is a really awesome Fox Concepts restaurant right down the street from my place. Will definitely go back. Often.
4	While the brunch menu is more lunch in my opinion, I was pleasantly surprised when I received my egg sandwich.  The size was twice as expected. Not your tiny muffin sandwich.  What made the entree was the crispy potatoes. They are simply out of this world.  Top ths meal off with fresh oj, great service and atmosphere.  My new brunch location. Good job sam
1	The food was okay but the portion sizes where the smallest I have ever seen....and I am a regular to fox restaurants.  Babbo is much better.
3	I agree with Ashley D.  This place is beautiful, the decor in amazing and the kitchen looks impeccable, however I didn't feel like I want to come back as a place I would like to hang out.  We went with another couple, who suggested the place.  The food is not bad, however it is not memorable.  As a native Italian, I know pasta and pizzas. I stated with the Heirloom Beets salad, that was delicious.  I think my favorite item of the night. For my entree, I had the Tortelloni, they were good, however I think they are overworking the pasta.  There were spots that were really tough at the seams of the pasta.  By the way, the portion for this dish is really small, which for me it ok since I am always watching what I eat.  The filling, made with mascarpone was great.  I was noticing while we were eating at one of the high top tables that one of the kitchen members was beating the heck out of the pasta.  I have to say, though I was coveting their pasta machine.  The wonders of automation, I have to crank my pasta maker.  I think I should get me one of those, before my mom's next visit.  My hubby had the House-made sausage pizza. Again, the dough was so overworked that the pizza was too chewy and not in a good way.  My friend had the Gigli, a pasta with pesto sauce, very nice.  Her husband had The Pig pizza.  He left all the crust since it was too chewy.  The dessert they push is the Salted Caramel Budino, it is good, but as a sweet tooth person, I didn't finish it and that is a lot to say.  Not much dimension or texture, just pudding like textures all the way.  On the other hand, my hubby's dessert, the Affogato was delicious.
2	Food is just average and a bit over priced.  Not up to the Fox standards I have come to expect.
5	get the butchers plate? I want to say thats what its called, I dont think its on the menu. but its a platter of all sorts of yummy things that they are serving that day like meats and cheeses and olives and spreads.they also dont have sangria on their menu but they'll make it for you and its pretty tasty. most importantly though is order a side of olive oil with whatever you get (for pizza crust, bread, etc.) Its literally heaven-sent. I would bathe in it.
2	Decent cocktail and wine menu but like most of the stiffs in this place, they are trying a little too hard.  Just the fact that some idiot took a picture of an exotic sports car in the parking lot says it all (pic #11).They try to have the neighborhood vibe and to be inviting but none of my neighbors want to pay $18 for a plate of average pasta.  Don't wear a plaid shirt with jeans or else people will look at you like you're part of the waitstaff.
5	Long wait for table....... Turned to short. I like this place more !
4	For those of you Napa fans... It's Press with an Italian twist. What an amazing, open, social atmosphere. Ample bar seating for mingling of the singles scene. Amazing drink menu - my favorite is the "julietta".  Definitely worth trying out.I've been a big fan of the North in Scottsdale for years, and really like that they've mixed things up at this new location. Plenty of great appetizers, salads and pizzas... but my favorite - the house made pastas.  In particular, the short rib gnocchi - it's to die for. I haven't (yet) tried any entree items but they sound great.So... on the negative side, the only thing I can say is I wish they took reservations.  I use OpenTable at the other North, which is super convenient.  At this location, you have to come in and put your name on the list.  Waits have averaged 30 minutes or so, so plan for that.
4	Hello hot bartender Ron. Mmmm. I love the vibe in North, and how unique of a restaurant it is. Kinda barn looking on the outside, with servers all dressed in button up plaid shirts. So cute.An interesting cocktail menu and small starters of crispy chickpeas and fruity olives got me going. I wish they had more vegetarian/cheese free items on the menu.... The pizza my friend ordered was good, at least the portion of crust I tried anyway. Nice and chewy and not burnt. Dessert of fall apple crumble was insanely good but also insanely small of a portion  : / coulda eaten buckets of it. Will definitely go back
5	Love love love this place! The zucca chips = addicting...which is weird...don't see how those were so addicting, but hey, definitely a great snack. I definitely want to try the bread next time though...The entrees my friends and I had were amazing! My friend got the Tortellini... so yummy! I just wish they provided more of it, I felt bad since I ate more of hers than mine (har har). I got the gnocchi, it was not bad, I have never had gnocchi before so I don't think I will be getting that again. My other friend got the pork with apples on top? I am horrible at describing things at the moment. Anyways, that was really good too, but the pork had a little too much fat so it was kind of a bummer. I love the atmosphere too and how they have the open kitchen, but I will say this.. I did not see the hot bartender Ron!  :( I just saw very very very short guys  :( :(All love though haha.
5	Shhhhhh!    The best breakfast in arcadia
5	This place has a nice twist on Italian.  The atmosphere is great its wide open.  You can see everything in the kitchen from meats being cut to things being cooked, there should be an Food Network focus show done here!  The lighting is wonderful, I even picked up some interior design ideas.  The food was extremely tasty, a little on the salty side,  but it probably was the pruiscuitto.   The wait staff is extremely friendly and there is complementary valet.  North, I've made a new friend, I'm excited to get to know you and your menu in the future and develop a tasty culinary relationship.  FYI-this is a great date place.  It will delight your date as its not trite.
2	Eh... pasta is way to salty.  Just just cause Mario B says cook your pasta in salt water, doesn't mean you have too and then dump salty sauce on top of it.  Tried to tell the manager but got blown off.  Just because you work for FRC doesn't mean you know what good food is.  Also, pizza greasy.
5	Had the bread plate for an appetizer, with a pizza as the main course. Awesome tasted throughout the meal. Service by Kim was awesome too. Great atmosphere, love the fact it all used to be an old carwash!
1	Don't waste your time or money. Ordered $18 ravioli that tasted average but EXTREMELY MISERLY portions. About 10-12 ravioli total. I was embarrassed when they brought me my food. Anyone who orders this dish is leaving hungry. Luckily there is a jackinthebox down the street. Wrote an email to Fox expressing my discontent and surprise, no response. I cannot recommend this overpriced, average taste, miserly portioned restaurant.
4	Had a lovely brunch here and can't wait to go back for dinner. I had the fried egg sandwich which was delicious. My fiance had the frittata because he wanted as much veg as possible after his morning run. I enjoyed my sandwich so much that I didn't get a taste of his frittata. The ambiance was great and we had a bottle of Prosecco to enjoy over a leisurely brunch. I wished I had room for something sweet because a lady near us got the apple pie looking thing and it smelled so good. We debated getting a cinnamon roll to go but another diner near us had a half eaten one left on a plate which signaled to me that it was not to die for. So I passed. My two complaints about the experience were:1. The parking. was. ridiculous. There was a mostly empty lot but we were forced to use the "complimentary" valet. Complimentary my ass. You have to tip. That is not "complimentary". They should allow patrons to park themselves if the restaurant lot is less than half full. Otherwise... I might choose to go somewhere else that doesn't rip me off and waste my time with this nonsense. Seriously, I almost asked him to hand me the keys because the car was 20 feet away. Not cool. 2. The bowl for the potatoes with the egg sandwich is beautiful. However, it is not functional. It scoots all over the plate when you try to get a bite and it wobbles like crazy. Frustrating, because the potatoes were delicious but went unfinished because they were such a pain to eat.
3	First and foremost this one is very different from the North in Kierland.  Which I have decided I prefer actually.A few of my friends and I decided it was amazing patio weather so we decided to sit outside at North. While the dirt floor outside patio is a nice idea it is messy. It has your shoes covered in dirt, not good for OCD girls with open toed expensive shoes.We got the chef board as an app which had 2 cheeses, bread, thin sliced salami, peppers and some spiced nuts.  The salami was sliced super thin which was nice for a change and had a spicy kick.  I would definitely get it again.We also asked our waitress (who was super nice) if they had a specials.  She recommended a sauvignon blanc wine which we decided to try, not knowing that it was $52 a bottle til we got the surprise on our receipt.  Our mistake, but I could hardly call that a special.Best part was overhearing the guy get his burnt pizza delivered next to us a slice missing.  The waiter had been bumped, a slice fell down he brought that pizza missing slice and all to the customer saying that a new one was on its way.
2	NORTH FATTORIA ITALIANA (aka NoRTH Arcadia) misses the mark!!!All I got here was slight heartburn & Dirty Shoes & Pants!How can a Sam Fox concept restaurant,  headed up by the former NOCA chef, Chris Curtiss miss the mark? If your a total Foodie like me, & you like Sauce - Pizza & Wine, olive & ivy, & Bloom you might be in for some disappointment!When this restaurant was going up I had high hopes for it to be a neighborhood hang out. After all we have a few good restaurants in our neighborhood so one more adds to the selection of my favorite Arcadia hang-outs, and a Sam Fox Concept Restaurant in between Chelsea's Kitchen, The Grind, & LGO should only help minimize the wait time to get a table in any of these awesome eateries!(Woo-Hoo!!!)Now who puts up a freestanding down to earth restaurant (as it's marketed) next door to U-haul, and only offers valet parking? (WTF!)Oh yeah, the dirt floor outside patio as organic as it may look will cover your Italian loafers and nicely pressed Slacks in dirt! Seriously, not a good idea for couples on dates in their Sunday best, and expensive shoes. You can pretty much assume if you have a nice automobile that you will valet park, you are going to be dressed to impress, and when you leave dinner to go clubbing or  to your favorite watering whole you will look like a F--king  hobo! Here is a suggestion, shoot your Architect & get either the guy who did The Parlor on Camelback or the Grind, and  fix not only the Patio, but also the dinning room! Your dinning room is not just Loud, but also very badly designed! (Seriously!)The Arcadia NoRTH menu is based upon interpretation of traditional Italian cuisine, and is OK, but nothing here is making me say "I'm craving NoRTH!" To be really frank, I like the Pizza and deserts @ LGO/PIZZARIA much better!!! Sorry Sam but like Radio Milano the snob factor is much higher here than the dinning elegance that your menu pricing warrants!NoRTH Arcadia (aka NORTH FATTORIA ITALIANA) is another upscale traditional Italian cuisine restaurant with the promise of authentic dishes without the "snob factor!" The 4th time in the last ten years this restaurant concept has been tried in our neighborhood!!! Like the last 3 times I have to say this I don't see that special little something, "je ne sais quoi."
4	North, quasi-contemporary Italian? That's the best description I could give you, but here's the review.My wife and I really did enjoy the atmosphere, the open floorplan offers a community based feeling when eating. If you like your privacy, this is not the place for you. we loved the wide open kitchen and we really appreciate the freshly shaven meats. We didn't expect much when trying this new restaurant, thankfully they have valet parking because finding a spot would have been tough without it. The building seemed to be thrown up overnight and I'm not too sure how they are going to keep it cool in the summer, but during these few nice months the temperature was perfect to have the large windows completely open. It is a grand dining room, and by that I mean that there are no formal rooms, everything's located in one large area. The food was good for Ameritalian. The chefs tray of meats and cheeses was great and I would recomment it to be ordered, The meats are all finely shaven. I would personally not suggest the Gnocchi if you appreciate good gnocchi, it missed the mark, a little mushy for my liking. The pizzas were very good but again, no originality thereOverall, I would call it a good restaurant in this world of quick opening and the service was very acceptable. Only real problem I see with this restaurant is that if you are wearing a dark flannel shirt, someone may stop you on the way to the toilet and ask for some bread because all the servers all wear dark flannel shirts.
5	Great 'birthday week' dinner with my mom, who had already been to North for lunch today.  Started with the burrata alla panna (AMAZING) and bread and cheese (quite good, but not as good as the burrata).  Then had the best salad ever...the heirloom beet salad.  I could eat that salad every day.  It's the perfect salad for me.  Shared the tortolloni, which was good, but I wouldn't get it again, but am glad I tried it.  I will plan to try another pasta another time as the pasta itself was really good.Shared the bombolini with my mom for dessert, which was good but we were too stuffed to really enjoy it.  However, lemon curd is always a good thing.  Nice atmosphere, close to home, free valet, good food.  I'll be back!
3	This place felt trendy if not gimmicky.First the pluses: The interior is pleasing to the eye:  rustic, spacious, and comfortable.Food is generally tastier than the other concepts in my opinionServers are friendlyValet parkingNow the negatives:Food was 'meh'Awkward patio seating with uncomfortable chairs sitting on dirtSlow serviceOver-priced: especially for a kids grilled cheese plate that didn't even taste goodDon't come hungry:  gnocchi was ok but was served as a diet portionValet parking I don't get this place but then again it's a Fox-owned business catering to the masses looking to make the big bucks.
2	I hate to  give 2 stars...however, I know i must be honest in my experience and 2 stars portrays it's perfectly.  I had high hopes for this place considering all the wonderful reviews, but I was not a satisfied customer this Sunday during their brunch. This is only a review on brunch.  Service:  Mixed reviews.  First off, we walked into a 1/3 of a full restaurant with plenty of seating and prepared tables but were told it would be a 15 to 20 minute wait.  WHAT???  Why not seat us and at least give waiting patrons drinks.  We figured it was short staffed and thought we would just grab a coffee at the bar that had 3 servers behind it and less than half the seats filled.  Apparently that was not going to happen smoothly.  The bartender didn't acknowledge us and when she did decide to help a customer it was one that came after us.  Already, a bad taste in my mouth.  Once she deiced to ask what we needed (a simple request for coffee), she asked her two colleagues to take care of it who then mumbled under their breath that they didn't wish to.  Possibly it was dissension between the three of them, but why make the customer aware of it.  In the end, we got seated before the three of them could decide who was in charge there.  Our server at the table was great and he made up for our first 2 awful experiences.  He was upbeat and knowledgeable.  Thank goodness.Food:  Maybe I'm becoming a food snob, but North does not seem to have authentically made food.  It taste loaded with fat, salt and sugar.   I ordered something simple...Irish Oats with Apples with a side of scrabbled eggs and garlic toast.  The Irish Oats were very sweet but I will say I did love the whipped maple brown sugar mouse but realized they forgot to add the apples.. no big deal.  I just asked the waiter about it and very sweetly offered to bring me a side of them.  He then brought me another bowl of the oats which he didn't have to do so I thought it was a kind gesture.  However, as in the first bowl it was missing another ingredient..the candied pecans.  Somehow one ingredient goes missing.  :)  No harm, no foul, but just odd.  In addition, neither bowl was hot.  The second issue were with my eggs.  How can you mess up scrambled eggs??  The were LOADED with salt.  I assume it has to be an error since most restaurants let you salt your own eggs.  These salty eggs were certainly inedible. On the plus side, their garlic toast was pretty tasty.  I don't think I'll be back to North.  If I do return it will be to try their dinner menu and of course if I have a better experience I'll update this review.  Their breakfast and their service I will choose to pass on.
2	I hate writing bad reviews and I try to find the best in the places I go to. There were just too many problems with our brunch at North. The best way for me to explain the 2 stars is to give you a breakdown of our experience. We arrived at North and right away I have to say that I liked the look of the place. Very cool barn design with tons of windows and a bar that is very inviting. Well things changed as soon as we went in. First off the place was maybe 30% full so there was a ton of seating. We were shocked to hear that there was a 15 minute wait. Now I know a little about the restaurant business and it could have very well been that they were short staffed. I still think it is a much better experience for people to be seated and explain your situation. While we were waiting outside I decided to go to the bar to get some coffee for us. The bartender didn't acknowledge me and instead decided to help the people that came in after me. I moved down the bar hoping it was because she didn't see me. Well that wasn't it because I got another 5 minutes of her avoiding me like I was Kris Humphries at a Kardashian family reunion. Finally she took my order to which she tried having two other people fulfill it. Needless to say we were seated before I even got the coffee. Bad service.Once we were seated things seemed to get better. We had a very nice waiter and he was very quick with getting us drinks and our order. When the food arrived things went downhill again. My girlfriends eggs were so salty her blood pressure went from 110/60 to 180/120. She only had one bite. Her oatmeal was also missing apples which was a big part of it. She was very disappointed. Mine wasn't much better. My breakfast sandwich is something I could make at home. Very plain roll with overcooked fried egg and two skinny pieces of bacon.  The potatoes were fantastic though. Odd they give you a thick aioli that ruins the potato. Just avoid it.I can only review this place on its brunch. I haven't been here for dinner and not really sure I will give it another try. The service from the bartender and the very sub-par food makes me want to spend my money elsewhere. There are too many great restaurants in Phoenix that appreciate the business.
4	Tried this for lunch one day with a girlfriend. Neither of us had been before. We split the heirloom beet salad and the grilled chicken sandwich. Both were excellent. Service was good and I would definitley go back. It was nice sitting outside and the only negative I have is that the slatted chairs were uncomfortable. I would like to go back just for dessert since the menu looked really good.
4	NoRTH is my new favorite go to spot for lunch and dinner.  The atmosphere is wonderful -- country themed, open, fresh and clean.  I have travelled throughout Italy several times and have found NoRTH's food to be the closest thing to being there.  They have captured the flavors so well.  They have super friendly staff that are engaging and welcoming.Only down side that I have experienced is the valet.  One time the valet left and instead of locating me in the restaurant, he left my key sitting on the corner of the bar.  This is not acceptable to me.  If you only have valet parking available, make sure they are servicing your customers they way you insist your wait staff service your customers.Don't let that stop you from going though.  Your palet will be please you went.
5	Went to NoRTH this past week with friends, and our server Jody could not have been better - thanks Jody! The food was super yummy too. Check out the burrata appetizer- it's amazing! The gnocchi were little pillows of heaven, and the sea bass was good, but I actually liked the veggies on top of it more! How fun is that? We had a couple bottles of an Italian wine too, and that was all the better when we asked for stemmed glasses instead of the short glasses that they usually use. We'll be back sooner rather than later.
3	This would actually be another 2.5 Star experience but I went ahead and rounded it up to 3 stars since I am in a good mood.  We came here after going to Chelsea's Kitchen down the street which was super packed for the night.  I easily get annoyed with complementary valet parking because I hardly ever carry cash and feel weird if I do not tip the valet boys and girls but I digress....The concept and look of this place is really fun and different.  I felt like I was in a modern barn.  We walked in and put our name on the list and was surprised that it is all done by an i-Pad and you receive a text message when your table is ready.  Good thing the bf and I remembered our phones or else we would have been out of luck.  The wait wasn't horrible.  We went to the bar and got a couple of glasses of wine, the bartenders didn't seem really in a hurry to help us which got me a little annoyed.We were seated in a cozy, and I mean cozy 2 top table right in a main traffic way.  My bf and I are not big people and felt uncomfortable in the size of the table.  I know you want to pack a lot of tables in a small space but at the expense of the customer?  Our waiter was friendly enough but not as friendly as he was to the group of women that was seated next to us.... nothing like treating all your tables equal huh?We ordered an appetizer, the zucca chips, which had a decent flavor but were a little burnt.  We ordered out main dishes which were a chicken dish and their version of spaghetti and meatballs.  The wait for the food wasn't bad either but I hate when you as the customer have to ask for a wine list because your wine was empty for 10 minutes but the waiter didn't ask if you wanted anything else because he was focused on the table of 5 women next to us sharing an appetizer.  I had the pasta and meatballs, which was me'h.  The pasta was a little mushy and the meatballs really didnt have much flavor.  My bf had the chicken dish with spinach which he loved!  All in all the experience wasn't bad but wasn't good.  Maybe they are still working out their kinks but this place probably won't be high on my list to return any time soon!
4	Food was decent, drinks were good -- and other than my date's $15 glasses of pinot noir, drinks were not too overpriced.  However, for some reason the outdoor patio was closed on this beautiful evening.I'd definitely go back, but I'd make my date pay next time ;)
4	I've been to North a few times in the past month. I really like the open air feeling of the restaurant. It is amazing that this cute Italian farm house used to be an old car wash. The staff is pretty awesome and I have always enjoyed the food. Last time for breakfast I had the egg scramble, it was a beautiful surprise of fluffy eggs hugging asparagus and peas. I devoured the entire thing.  The happy hour is amazing, it is Monday-Friday 3-6 PM and All-Day Sunday. Last time for happy hour I got the $2 spicy nuts, $2 green olives and $5 chardonnay. Can't beat that.. I have to hand it to Sam Fox, he's scored again.
2	After last evening's dinner at North in Arcadia I think I can claim I've hit most of Sam Fox's valley restaurant concepts. While I admire the man's business acumen (build in trendy areas, gentrify via menu name and cooking process what otherwise is a limit selection of food choices, and make sure diners in the dining areas have direct line of sight to the bar), the actual food at any of them is forgettable. North is no different really; it does not offer anything all that wonderful to talk about. The food, essentially, is of medium catering quality. We three diners (encouraged by our server) started with an anti-pasti board of two cheeses, spicy nuts, some kind of chutney, sourdough bread & salt-cured beef. It was alright, but I could have put something this it together at home from groceries picked-up at Trader Joes that would have been better. Two of us had the same (housemade) pasta dish, while one went for the mussels and roast potatoes (both appetizers). We were all underwhelmed by the quality of the ingredients and the flavor. Maybe we made the wrong choices, but we'll never know because we're not going back.
4	Went back again for dinner.  The Gigli Pasta was the bomb!  Pasta with pesto, pine nuts and capers!  A hint of lime.  SUPER!  Had to fend off my tablemates sneaky forks.Service fantastic as always.
2	The dilapitated carwash-turned-trattoria is a cute concept and was executed well. Almost feels "local" except for the fact that it's a Fox concept restaurant and carries the same inauthentic atmosphere as the rest. They did a very nice job reonvating this space and gave it some great curb appeal. But it lacks the true Arcadia genuineness present at it's neighbors' establishments. It's in the food, it's in the people. It's not in NoRTH.My experiences have been mixed. The first visit was very nice - just there for some small bites and wine. We sat at the bar and the bartenders were incredibly friendly. Food was slightly above mediocre though incredibly salty and oily. Second visit - not so nice. Called ahead to see if they allowed dogs. The hostess put me on hold to confirm and came back with a yes. When we arrived, we were met with a "um, no." They (the manager) were a little (or a lot) snooty about it, so my third visit took a while to come around. Similar to the first with mediocre results.The bar is beautious with friendly bartenders, so I haven't even bothered with waiting for a table. The front staff always seems a little annoyed that we're even walking in like "I guess we can be bothered to seat you" which is why we always just help ourselves to the bar. It's close to home with all day happy hour on Sundays (decent wine), so I'll probably be back eventually. But only if I'm eager to have one of those "stumble home in a wine stupor" nights.
4	I'm starting to feel a special connection with Sam Fox just from eating at so many of his restaurants. One of his latest and greatest creations...NoRTH.Apparently this used to be the location of a car wash, but you'd never know by the cool modern decor. It was pretty packed for an early dinner on a week night, but my party of 4 was lucky to score a table right away.I'd recommend skipping the calamari because it was pretty disgusting, but the rest of our order was pretty awesome. Favorites including the zucca chips, meat and cheese plate and the spinach tortelloni. My goodness was that spinach tortelloni good. My buddy Sam knew what he was doing when he put that on the menu.  Actually based on my experiences in Phoenix Sam knows what he's doing when it comes to any restaurant!
5	It was teachers appreciation week and I went to NoRTH with 5 other people ( we are all teachers) for happy hour.  The appetizers were wonderful- pizza of the day (arugula) as well as meatballs.  We also ordered fried rice balls which were AMAZING! For entrees ordered a few more pizzas which were all very delicious!  When I casually mentioned to our waiter Sean that it was teacher appreciation week, he said dessert was on him, and we choose three wonderful desserts.  After that the manager (forgot his name) came over  to thank us(as teachers) for what we do ,we def. needed that after a hard week at work!A big thank to Sean and the staff at NorTH for a wonderful evening!  We never have a bad meal at a Fox Restaurant and this was no exception.
4	Great food, casual atmosphere. The staff was very friendly. I will definitely return the next time I am in town.
2	One WORD comes to mind...FLIES!!! (FYI we were inside not on the patio)  The whole dinner was spent swatting at the nasty creatures.  Seriously, no exaggeration THE WHOLE DINNER was one hand swatting away flies and one hand trying to eat.  Evidently the little buggers can not resist steamed mussels. ( I will get to the food part of my review in a second)   Also, I am not a big fan of mandatory valet parking.   No wait, I am pretty sure I don't like mandatory ANYTHING when I go out to eat.   Not even the having to pay part, but I have come to accept this as normal now when dining out.   OK, on to the food.   I thought the food was AWESOME.  The aforementioned mussels were plump and cooked to perfection.  We had a wood-fired pizza with fresh dough that was yummy.   There is this thing called a Chef's Board that I highly recommend (If you are still bent on going in the first place) The dessert was a warm Nutella cake with vanilla gelato and coffee cream with bits of coffee bean in it. Now THAT was a delicious way to end a meal.   Our server was excellent as well.  Bottom line is: I am not going back and I am saddened by that since the food was so good and so was my server.
3	Went for lunch here today for the first time ever.  Atmosphere was nice, Sleek and streamlined. Not fussy.  The menu was simple but a little pricey. Average lunch for one with an ice tea will run you $30.  Waiter was nice, knowledgable and friendly. Love the open kitchen concept. Live music from 11am to 1pm on Saturday. Also a brunch menu.  I ordered a pizza and the Zuchinni chips. Very tasty!      The one and only and HUGE downfall is the infestation of FLIES!!!!!!!  It really made our entire lunch unenjoyable!   When we complained to the waiter about the flies, he commented by saying, "Yeah, everybody has been complaining about that" then he went on to say how this year flies are supposed to be the worst ever in history.  So, should I take that as a hint, that of I eat here again I will have to share my food with the fly family ??!!!!     There are too many great places I can eat in this area that I don't need to deal with swooshing flies off of my food every three seconds! So unappetizing and it can't be sanitary especially with the open kitchen concept and the fact that veggies were stacked in open bins on the prep table and bread was stacked in the open air.  Hopefully I won't be picking baby bot flies out of my neck in a few months.   I don't think I will be back.  It is a shame because everything else was great.  Although, Jeff Goldblum would love the place I think!
3	I met a g/f here for Happy Hour.  We had their Simple salad and Patata pizza.  Both were just ok.  The food was ok.  The service was ok.  Everything about this place was just ok.  I don't feel a burning desire to go back.
3	I'd love to give this Fox effort a higher rating because of the concept, location, reasonably priced happy hours and above average food, however; due to repeated exposure on the patio, I must say I hope you are not looking for immediate service. The management and staff are actually very nice, but at times, it's difficult to get some attention. The beet salad is one of my recommendations should you visit. I still frequent there often. Maybe they will work this out. The happy hour is a good time to try this place for the first time.
4	Another great Fox Concepts Restaurant...no surprise here!  The space is absolutely great - amazingly bright and open.  The service is extremely quick at lunch which is much appreciated.  And...the food was great!  My pasta was flavorful and just the right portion.  I am confident this place will be a huge success and imagine it is pretty hard to get a table at peak times.
5	Amazing!I ordered the Spinach Tortelloni and the ricotta filling was bursting at the seams, drenched in herb-butter sauce. Oh, it was divine!We went here on a double-date and sat on the patio. There was no dirt involved, or flies, as some of the reviews suggest. In fact, it was impeccably clean, well-designed and relaxing. We went on a Tuesday night, so it was not very busy.I am a fan of all Sam Fox's Restaurant Concepts, and this one did not disappoint!
4	One of my customers brought me here. I ended up paying however. No problem he is a very important customer. Restaurant was bright open very clean. The bartender had to be in his late 40's...with a mo-hawk hair do, to each his own. I want to go back because I didn't have time to explore the menu. I know homemade Italian...I had the burger. It was highly recommended, and very delicious. Amazing place can't wait to take my wife.
4	Great pasta! And happy hour is all day Sunday. The food is very rich though so I caution taking your time eating
4	Great food!  Pizza is excellent!  Very loud inside though.  Fox Restaurants are usually only "OK" and "Nothing Special".  HOWEVER, this one is actually REALLY good!!  Been there a couple times now and will be going back again!  By far the BEST Fox restaurant yet!
3	Good food; Bad Flies; So-So Service.Tried this place with my family after the June 2012 write-up in Phoenix Magazine.  The restaurant was a little odd to find and the mandatory valet was interesting, but the interior is amazing.  The person(s) who did the building and interior design did a superb job-- the spot is very open, the revealed kitchen is fun (especially for an interested 4 year-old), and the artistic touches and lighting fit perfectly.  Not often I take notice of these kinds of things, but this is an exceptional concept place that way.We tried the Chef's Board, Burrata Alla Panna (asparagus), Mafaldine (rock shrimp and long noodles), Margherita pizza, and buttered noodles. All were very good, though not remarkable.  Bread is for-charge and the water has an "interesting" taste.The most offending thing was the flies.  We're talking lots of them.  And big ones.  And so persistent you might as well pull them up a chair and plate.  When your little kid asks why there are so many flies an why they have red stripes and such big eyes, something went awry.  A kid should not notice the exoskeletonal features of insects at a nice restaurant.  Odd to constantly brush the flies away, just look around to see every other table doing the same.  It proved to b a sad, asynchronous dance for would-be happy diners.  We skipped dessert just to get away from the bothersome diptera.  If only the service staff was as attentive!Waitress was middling at best.  Drinks were left unfilled for long periods.  Two plates came out too hot while the pizza was just warm-- our daughter's dish came out so hot that she would have burnt her mouth had my wife not tested first (and singed her tongue).  I also had to ask if there were specials because it wasn't volunteered... Maybe specials are a private and fabulous secret, here.  I didn't order the special soup, so not sure if it was indeed nirvana.Would visit again if there was reason, but my wife and I agreed walking out that it wouldn't be worth a trip on its own.
3	The Arcadia neighborhood just keeps getting cooler. NoRTH is a Sam Fox restaurant whose concept is different from what you may be familiar with already from the north Scottsdale location. Everything from the restaurant's decor (modeled after an Italian farmhouse) to the servers' uniforms (plaid shirts) to the menu (traditional Italian) is completely different from the NoRTH in Scottsdale. Our bartender told us this NoRTH is nicknamed "NoRTH 40," and this new restaurant reflects where Fox is going with the brand, which already has five existing locations throughout the country.The restaurant is open and airy, with one big, well-lit dining room with an open kitchen and exposed metal beams. The eatery had a good energy to it and was bustling with lots of conversation and alternative music playing in the background. There's a bar connecting the dining room to the patio, with the bar wrapping around the back of the restaurant and featuring television screens on either side. The patio has a picnic vibe to it, with tables set atop a dirt ground and a section of seats one level below the patio for lounging. The patio sort of reminded me of fellow Arcadia spot La Grande Orange's patio, but I didn't like the dirt flooring-it was too minimalist to me, and I felt like it could have been so much prettier, especially considering the high quality of the menu.That was my general dilemma with NoRTH-while the vibe there is casual, the menu features handmade, downright fancy food-served to you by people who look like they just stepped out of Urban Outfitters. NoRTH was too busy to be considered romantic, but some menu items cost $20 or more, with the pastas and entree dishes ranging from $14-$26. I guess for the affluent people who inhabit the Arcadia neighborhood, NoRTH could be their casual dining destination, though I'm still trying to figure out what type of occasion I would return for dinner.My favorite part about NoRTH was the food. I am not really into the whole plaid uniform thing (and that's exactly the type of style nearby Postino servers have been rocking long before), and there was nothing compelling about the atmosphere that stood out to me-and this is one patio I'd never request to sit on even though I always prefer to sit outside. That said, the food was delicious, and the cocktails were strong, though I thought the menu was better suited for a classier atmosphere.Drinkwise, I had the Ducati ($9) a small but powerful drink made with Grappa, Hornitos Anejo Tequila, Solerno Blood Orange and agave. It tasted refreshing but strong, so I made my next Ducati tall with added soda water. If strong drinks aren't your thing, I highly recommend doing this, because the second drink was way better than the first but packed the same punch.I also tried my companion's "Old Roma" ($9), made with Courvoisier, Cointreau, lemon and mint. This drink was even stronger than my original Ducati, but my pal said he loved it because he also found it refreshing.He also got a Quiet Italian Gentleman ($10), with Bulleit Rye, Disaronno amaretto, Campari and Carpano Antiqua. This tasted like cough syrup to me, and I could barely take a sip, but he loved it. Just be warned-all their cocktails are amazingly strong and well worth the price for the amount of alcohol you get.To begin the meal, we had a Grilled Portabella ($8), with arugula and shaved grana padano. This was a wonderful dish, with super-fresh greens and cheese that perfectly complemented the mushroom. It wasn't the most filling appetizer, but it was wonderfully made and tasted great.For my entree, I got the Agnolotti ($15), pasta made with ricotta, mascarpone, pecorino, grana padano and herb butter. I savored every bite of this pasta that was obviously handmade. I thought it was delicious, and it's great the restaurant had such high-quality ingredients and preparation.My pal got the Mafaldine ($17), made with spicy rock shrimp, white wine, shaved fennel, tomato, garlic, chili and basil. His dish looked and smelled amazing.It was hard to beat the tastiness of the main course, but our "Affogato" desserts ($6) did just that. Vanilla gelato was topped with coffee creme and served atop melted chocolate, and I loved every bit of it. This was the first time I've ever had a dessert like this, and it was so yummy.While I probably wouldn't come back to NoRTH Arcadia for dinner because the ambiance just doesn't jive with the menu to me, I think it's a great lunch option if you're in the area. Their lunch menu includes sandwiches ranging between $9-$11 in addition to the dinner pastas offered, and I bet the restaurant is beautiful during the day because of how much sun comes in.
5	I have been driving by this place for months now, always thinking that I would like to try it out as it looked intriguing even from the outside. Last night my boyfriend and I were in the neighborhood and on a whim decided to give it a try. We will definitely be back!I do love the open concept of the restaurant. It is quite spacious inside, which was nice, since it allowed us to be seated right away on a Friday night at 7:30, yet it still felt cozy enough to be romantic. The wait staff was very prompt and friendly and very helpful when it came to recommending food. I love the fact that they make their own pasta and sausage, by the way, and had to try both - one in the form of the pork belly gnocci, the other as their sausage pizza. Both were so delicious, that we finished every last morsel on our plates. We even decided to give the desserts a try and had the salted caramel something or the other, which was a wonderful combination of flavors. The one minus, and it is a small one, is that both my boyfriend and I smelled like food, as you are literally sitting in the kitchen. But it is a price I am very willing to pay again and again!
3	Well, it has a long fancy name, but I just call it North. Or is it NoRTH?Anyway, it's an airy barn of a building with a delicious door-to-bar-to-patio layout. Oh, and there's a restaurant with seating and stuff too. But you have to turn left for that.Thank goodness for the valet. Like Chelsea's, it's nice if you can score a spot early, but let them help you otherwise!Maybe skip the white sangria - it was made to order and lacked the depth of a proper sangria, but wasn't potent enough to call a cocktail. Luckily, the other house cocktails are worth writing home about, some even come with an exotic floral garnish.The salad was enough to share between two, but we should have then shared a pasta dish or gone for the cheese plate. The pizza we ordered was bland, the crust uninspired, but I might try it again anyway... with my own reorganizing of the toppings, perhaps?!The staff is attentive, and knowledgeable. The decor to menu is a comfortable match (not always the strongest point of a Fox concept). And the crowd is pleasantly neighborhoody and good for people watching.
4	First I have to say that I've only been once and only had appetizers (several as I was with a group on business). We had cocktails, pizzas, and several of their cheese and meat trays.I wasn't excited to go as I used to have a North in my neighborhood in Glendale and was not impressed. I've also been to the Scottsdale location and the white leather, super modern motif doesn't really do it for me. The food was always "just ok" too, especially for the price.Things have changed. The North in Arcadia is set up to look like a rustic Italian kitchen. I give major kudos for the pasta being freshly made by hand.The cocktails I was having (called the Quiet Italian Gentleman) were a fantastic mix of rye, amaretto, and two other Italian liquors. Yum!Another cool note is that they use a hand cranked deli slicer to slice their meats in order not to melt the wonderful fats in the meat. I've never seen this before and enjoyed the touch.Pizzas were fair to good, but pizza is a tough nut to crack. I think I had every meat and cheese they offered. Every one was quite nice.The only draw back was that it was HOT inside, which is apparently a problem as the manager came by to advise that an additional unit is being installed so this shouldn't be an issue going forward.Our server was also excellent.I'll be back.PS Parking is valet only, which annoys some people. Not me since it is complementary and makes me feel special so its worth the couple buck tip.
4	Delicious pizza!! I was blown away by the fresh flavors, soft delicate cheese, crispy crust! Mussels were brought out with warm char grilled bread to mop up the lucious broth. The service was incredible also, we were in a rush and were served our meal with check AND food packed to go within 30 minutes (all per our request) and with a smile on our servers face. excellent, just plain excellent.
5	The beverage menu read; 'Cheap Cans $2.00'. Cheap cans, as I incorrectly surmised was not an older woman named Waynette, whose once youthful 34D's had now fallen victim to gravity. Well, gravity and her recently deceased husband, Sid, overly-motorboating them throughout the years. Lucinda, with no place to call home save for a stolen shopping cart, is waved in from the alley by your server to flash her 42 longs at you. And for all of two bucks!Boy, was I ever wrong.Actually, Cheap Cans, as the server informed, is whatever they feel like serving on any given day. Some days Red Stripe tall-boys, others, PBR.Last night it was tall boys.Someone in our party ordered appys, but I have no idea what it was called. I was too busy ruminating on the whole cheap cans thing. It was ten bucks and it had olives, cheese, pickled peppers, salami, hot salami, crusty bread and hot peanuts.Two tall boys in, I dispensed with any graciousness and just started grabbing at anything i could get my hands on before the others beat me to it. I suppose this is one reviewer's way of saying it was damned tasty stuff, whatever it was.
4	Came for a HH and stayed for dinner.  I really enjoy the atmosphere (minus the fact that it was very warm and a little too loud), but I really like walking in and seeing the large windows and open kitchen.  It's almost like walking in to fancy barn or greenhouse with tables inside!  Tables can be put together to accommodate large crowds and the service was very good.  We ordered a pizza that had mozzarella, eggplant and garlic, and the malfadine (rock shrimp, home made pasta, delicious!) which were both very good.  Hopefully they'll fix their air conditioning issue (or maybe I'll just wait to go when it's not 118 outside!).  But I'll be back for some more fresh Italian goodness.Note: there is no parking, and is valet only, but at least its complimentary!
5	Went with a friend early on a Sat. (6pm) for dinner.  I'm glad we went a little early because the place filled up fast.Wait staff/service:  Welcomed by a staff member actually opening the door for me (nice touch).  Promptly seated.  Our waitress was very knowledgeable of the wine list and menu.  The waitress was also perfect in her timing...checked in enough to make sure we were happy, but not too much as to make you feel rushed.Food/Drinks:  My friend had the house Pinot Grigio and I had a Negroni Nuovo (these things could be dangerous...a great drink for a summer day).  We split Antipasti (bread & cheese...this was yummy, although the name could be improved) and Insalate (Italian...also a boring menu name, but was tasty as well).  We both had pasta for our main course...Tagliatelle and Ricotta Gnocchi.  Both of us thought the pasta was delicious...perfectly cooked and very flavorful.Dessert:  We split the Salted Carmel Budino.  It was so good, I almost ordered one to go.  Rich as Budino should be, but light enough so as not to put you in an after dinner coma.Price:  If you want to try the traditional multi-course Italian meal, the prices can add up.  Our meal for 2 came to ~$110 (including 1 drink each and the tip).  For a casual dining atmosphere, some may consider this too pricey.Other comments:  I read other comments about a problem with flies.  This must have been overcome, because we didn't notice any.  This is a restaurant I will visit again to sample some of the other menu items.
3	I am a huge fan of North Kierland, but this was my first time at North Arcadia. Other than the decor of this restaurant (which was beautiful and cool) I was totally underwhelmed. We were there for lunch and we were about the 4th/5th table seated as we were there before 11:30.  There was nothing offensive, but the service was really slow and had a bit of an attitude. The zucca chips (one of my favorites at North Kierland) were over cooked. The $17 lunch portion of bucatini with meatballs was pretty small in size for the price. Nothing here was terrible, but out the door we were at $59.00 for 3 people for lunch with no drinks. Just saying you should go have a less than $20/person lunch at a much better place nearby like T. Cook's or Coup des Tartes.
2	I was visting Phoenix for the night and having dinner with my friend who lives in Arcadia.  I loved the look of this restaurant, which is very cool but left unimpressed with the food.  It was hoppin' on a Wednesday night and we luckily grabbed the only two open seats at the inside bar.  I had eyed someone's salad and immediately thought that is what I will be ordering.  We started off with drinks.  I really liked the creativity with their drink menu. KD had the midnight shandy ($9.5) which she enjoyed.  Shandies are an interesting concept, incorporating beer and booze. It was so hot out that a nice light white wine sounded good to me.  I went with the vino di tavola- white.  A nice pinot grigio ($5).  We had the grilled summer squash ($7) for our starter.  There are yellow raisins included in a major way on this squash.  Raisins are not my thing and it's not mentioned on the menu about the raisins  but it was a tasty app.  I would've never gotten it though, had I been aware that raisins were in my near future. I attempted to talk KD into splitting that salad I spied with me and also sharing the ricotta gnocchi but she did not take the bait.  She informed the gnocchi is very good but she wasn't in the mood for a heavy meal.  I ordered the casa salad ($8) and KD ordered the pork belly($12). The pork belly was very fatty so I passed on having a bite.  My casa salad was dreadful.  I was super duper disappointed.  It had burnt grilled bread on top.  When this was pointed out to our server, she had another plate of grilled bread brought out to us.  The salad had a strong, unappealing flavor.  Perhaps it was simply an off night for the house salad?  I love salads and Fox restaurants have some amazing salads. This was not one of them.I love my Sam Fox restaurants as much as the next person but this one was not a highlight for me.
4	I love the look of this place. Very open and inviting. Also great that they have complementary valet.The decor is awesome! Very impressed. I loved that we could watch them make the fresh pasta and bread from our table. We stopped in for an early lunch on Labor Day, with our awesome Fox Restaurants 25% off coupon! Thank you!We had hopped to get the brunch menu, but since it was Monday we had to go with the lunch menu, looked just as good tho, so no worries. We had this yummy cheese and bread appetizer, you must try it! Then we shared the salami panini and the other girls had a meat lovers looking pizza. Pretty much everything was gone from our plates so I think it is safe to say we all enjoyed the food. There is something for everyone here, nice bar, a TV to catch some sports, a nice patio facing the Arcadia neighborhood, and lots of space to push some tables together for a large party. What impressed me the most.... we arrived at 10:45 a.m. (we were for some reason thinking we were doing brunch) 15 minutes prior to them opening... and we were seated right away, they didn't even mention that we were early and they weren't open yet. Business as usual. Very nice, thank you!
2	Melissa, the waitress was very attentive, she was great.  Bloody marry needs improvement, drinks in general were lousy.  I'm still not impressed with the food.  Schucks.
5	OK, I've never liked any of the Fox concepts besides Sauce, and I left this place very pleased! Maybe the 5 star is a counter balance of how much disappointed I've been in the past at other places, but this place is great. It seems that italian is Fox's strong area.The decor is cool, the integrated kitchen is appealing and all in all it's a great concept.I had the cheff's board, 2 cheeses, 2 meats and some other goodies. The ultra thin slices of meat were tasteful and everything was good. Maybe a little bit of more cheese wouldn't hurt.The pork belly was good. Not in the amazing side, but pretty decent.I ordered spinach tortelloni and it was great, full of flavor and with grana padano, I mean, there's nothing not to love when it comes to grana padano.The desert wasn't that great but maybe I was already full.The double espresso was good.
5	we had a fantastic meal here with great service, food and ambiance.  we will be back.
4	Really great food and atmosphere. I love the cocktails here. You can't go wrong with any of the food. I think it is a little pricey for what you get and it's always crowded, but all around, you won't be mad you ate and/or drank here.
5	So this is my current Sunday All day Happy Hour JAM!This place is SO GOOD and I'm not a huge fan of all off Fox Restaurants concepts.The Chefs Pizza of the day hasn't let me down yet... We don't even ask we just order it!  The Chefs Board is pretty good too! My fav dish right now is the Broccolini - super simple but it's just so light / fresh and make sure you try the Bucatini & Meatballs if your their for happy hour. Awesome open feel to it - super friendly staff. The bartenders are great - I wanna say the dark haired brunets name was Nicole - works weekends & knows how to make a mean bloodymary / Red Rooster in their case. The parking / Valet situation is a little annoying but remember the sign says "Complimentary" not Mandatory - park your car yourself if you want.
5	This is my 2nd time at North and I must say that the quality of food for the price is great!  My server was Brian tonight as he made my our night that much better.. Brian is very friendly and really seems to enjoy working at this great establishment. This is a great place for a date, fun, hip, classy and very enjoyable! By the way, the Chef's Board and the Ducati drink are my favorites along with the Bucatini...5 stars all the way.Thanks North!!!
4	We had such an amazing experience at North Fattoria Italiana last Saturday night! Service was exceptional and the food was fantastic! Our server Vanessa was friendly, courteous and knowledgeable and the manager came by to our table to make sure that everything was up to our expectations. We had house salads, crispy potatoes with pecorino & aioli, pizze stracciatella, tagliatelle with sauce bolognese, spinach tortelloni and the summer fruit crostata. If you haven't been to this neighborhood gem in Arcadia, make your reservations now!
3	Finally got a chance to hit up North in Arcadia last night. Nice addition to the area, fits right in with all of the other great places in the neighborhood. Met some other couples for drinks and dinner. Like most people who grew up here, obv not a fan of mandatory valet but oh well. Walking in, you're definitely struck by the amazing decor and it's certainly the highlight of this location. Big, open spaces, beautiful Italian farmhouse converted to a restaurant. Really stunning.Sat at the bar for a while, it was packed and service was not as prompt as I'd like which was kind of a running theme for the rest of the night. Not a huge fan of the plaid shirts worn by the servers. They didn't really stand out and were hard to distinguish from the patrons sometimes. Finally, when we were moved to our table we just carried our drinks and a bottle of wine over, which I always think is funny when patrons are walking around a restaurant bottle of wine in hand...Service was ok not great. 4 of the 5 couples in our group had never been to North but we never were given a run down of the restaurant or what is good or any of the normal stuff most servers give you when they first greet you. Never once did our server fill our wine glasses, and they tried to take my wife's dinner plate away before she was finished, and they actually did take mine away without even asking and I wasn't finished. Food was very good as you'd expect from a Fox restaurant. Had the Seasonal Vegetable Salad w/ chicken and it was great. Love the farro in it. Also had the prosciutto wrapped chicken, was a little disappointed in it. It was good, but I just expected something amazing I guess and it just seemed pretty standard. I didn't at all like the bed of spinach it was served on. It comes served in a large bowl and the bottom of the bowl was filled with the juice from the chicken and the spinach was just kind of wet and soggy. Seemed like a sloppy presentation.Definitely would go back. I'm a huge sucker for beautiful spaces and this is one of my favorites in the valley. Everything else was just decent, but that isn't terrible so I'm happy for another good restaurant in the area.
5	The food is quite excellent as is the service. The decor is very clean and modern.
5	Fantastic food. Chef's board was great. I'd recommend one of their fancy cocktails with dinner. Our server Brian was hilarious. Only thing was you have to get there early'ish to get a prime seat.
5	Really good food and friendly bartenders.
3	3.5 stars if I could. Took a flier on North since the 7:30 Saturday night line at Chelsea's Kitchen was immense. We were able to get seated right away. Lovely place, especially on a cool November evening with everything opened up. Patio was nice, service was prompt & attentive and friendly. Wife was starving and they were able to quickly get our fried chickpeas out to us. Nice choice of craft beers. My tagliatelle bolognese was solid, but no more than that. Her Funghi pizza was, too. Best part of the meal -- donuts/profiteroles with lemon curd and mascarpone. Oh yes. All in all, good, but not great.
3	I really like this location of North.  They have great happy hour specials, the menu is diverse, you can order gluten free pasta, and the atmosphere is top notch.  I frequently suggest North when meeting friends because they are one of the few FOX restaurants that accept open table reservations.  However, I am writing this post as a note the the ladies!  North is NOT heel friendly.  The driveway consists of gravel filled pavers which are a stilleto nightmare, and the floors inside are high polish hardwood which prove to be dangerous to the most modest of footwear.  I discovered this the hard way when walking from the rest room to the patio in 1 inch wedge shoes when I totally Tebow'd it in front of the bar.  Shockingly, not a single employee of North came to check on my generally well being as I got up close and personal with the shiny waxed varnish, although two mildly inebriated wall street types did comment, 'Oh that floor is slippery!' as I brushed embedded crumbs off my knees.  Service is always good at North so I find it hard to believe no one witnessed me take the plunge as I returned to my table for cocktail hour. So.... North!  Perfect for low insurance deductible sneaker enthusiasts who love farmhouse inspired italian food.
2	I recently ate here with a group of friends and was underwhelmed.  I had a hard time choosing what I wanted to eat and finally settled on a bowl of pasta (Bucatini) with meatballs.  I thought the meatballs were overcooked and hard as rocks, the frozen turkey meatballs I microwave at home are better. Nice atmosphere and great, friendly service though.  Maybe I just ordered the wrong thing or maybe I don't like Northern Italian food.
5	Place is amazing.  Ambiance is great.  Employees are friendly as can be.  Food is terrific.  Get the plain pepperoni pizza. Tortallini is fantastic.  Cheese platter rocks.  Zuchini chips are outstanding.  You really can't go wrong here.  One of attorneys steve's favorite places in Phoenix.
4	Great place, Its loud, packed, EXPENSIVE FOR what you get and only has valet. But, I like and will return. Have only been twice, but since Gaspers burnt  or closed down, this is pry my fav  for Italian in central Phoenix.
4	Love this Fox restaurant. The space is beautiful, clean, sparkly,inviting. our waiter, Shane, was friendly, knowledgeable, efficient. Started with the arrancini balls for appy, very tasty fried crusty rice balls oozing cheese, nestled in red sauce. Husband had the P.E.I. Mussels in a luscious wine broth with salami nuggets and grilled bread for sopping. Superb. Entree for me was gnocchi with arugula and beef short ribs. Heaven. Other entree was dubbed "the pig" pizza. Fabulous crust with various pork sausages. I stole a piece from hub and have to say one of the best pizzas EVER. Dessert was a salted caramel pudding/mousse type concoction that was the bomb. Sweet touch of salt, creaminess. Sigh. As usual Fox does not disappoint. Great meal, service, surroundings. Not cheap but worth it. Molto bene.
5	Great Food, Great Atmosphere! Check out this post about North!http://stephangcalizona.wordpress.com/2012/10/13/north-fattoria-italiana/
4	Sunday's at North is always a relaxing experience. We started with the zucchini chips, perfectly sliced then and sprinkled with the right amount of sea salt. Truthfully my egg whites were over cooked, however the white polenta was fabulous and Mike's hamburger, although awkward looking with the focaccia bread, was also delicious.
4	Fantastic! And, great service! Went for Sunday brunch nice variety of menu selections for all people in your party! Nice open atmosphere.
5	First time here, will be coming back. Great atmosphere. I sat outside with my girlfriends and there were heating lamps which made it nice when it was cold. I noticed that the outside was pavement instead of sand (when I passed by before it used to be sand), which was nicer. You have to valet, it's complimentary - do not try to park across the street, they will tow you. I never experienced it, but I shop at the Fresh N Easy across the street and have seen cars get towed. I ordered a pasta dish and shared a cheese plate with my friends. The food was amazing and the service was great. If you go, you must also try the dessert, it's so much yummy-ness packed in a jar.
5	Awesome homemade pasta, we had 4 different types and they were all incredible! Our server, Shaun, was very personable and immensely knowledgeable about the menu. Will definitely go again! Oh and the salty carmel dessert was amazing!
3	It was lunch for four of us, and this is a pretty restaurant inside and out with valet parking. Damn, where'd my $1s go?We drank iced teas and ate the grilled artichokes before their salads and my pizza arrived. Good artichoke with good fresh and tangy cheese on top and a rich lemony dipping sauce. I love artichokes and grilling them is a top-2 method of preparing them (frying in olive oil being the other). I wouldn't serve the inedible parts of an artichoke to my guests at home, however, and they left the woody parts on this one. *Poor bastard who never had an artichoke before still trying to chew the tough ass outer leaves on his...Salads look bright and tasty with greens and cold cuts and served on a cutting board. My pizza is called "the Pig" and I thank them for naming this one after me. It had sausage, salami, and soppressata with mozzarella and tomato sauce and it was just what I wanted. Thin crust in the middle, thick at the edges and a little char on it. It was actually larger than I thought it would be so I had to take half of it home to enjoy it another day.Service was attentive without being overly affectionate and as we were finishing our meal, we got to view some tortellini being hand made in the open kitchen.Should I tip the valet again?
4	Zucca chips are great. Had two orders!! The service was a good however it took a long time to get our food. It was a Saturday night and packed.  Still a good time and great food. Had the spaghetti and meatballs.  Also tried the chicken parm, was very good. The pasta was great and the drinks were stiff.
3	its a good place but not mind blowing. great ambiance, solid menu, and great service. I will definitely go back.
3	Visited this place for lunch during the week.  I had the Spinach Tortellini my sister had the one of the salads but I cannot recall which one.  She did let me try it and it was pretty good.  My tortellini was very good but the servings are not very big.  Very open atmosphere, not too packed.  I would like to give it another go for dinner.
4	Went here 3 times in 2 weeks while in town on business! Great food and interesting atmosphere! Very trendy! Valet parking. If I'm back in town, will definitely stop by again!
5	Peg and I typically veer away (read run) when a restaurant is part of a chain. In spite of this being part of the Foxian empire, we were drawn to this place because of the wonderful Luis Millan,  His culinary chops are well documented and he could not have been a more gracious presence to our first visit here.The arancini and a chef's board of of sliced meats and cheese (with a wonderful apricot mostardo) began the meal and whetted the appetite. I had the heirloom beet salad and Peg the seasonal vegetable salad...the freshness permeated the dishes and the wonderful textural notes were wonderful. Moving to the mains, the chicken and prosciutto and spicy shrimp pasta dishes were wonderfully flavorful and not over spiced. A layered nutella, banana, dark chocolate, and hazelnut/plum combination  dessert was very satisfying. Our server was Kim.  The face of the house and the conduit to a wonderful experience is always the wait staff IMO...and she is superb. She is vigilant without hovering, and making sure all was well. I would strongly suggest that you try this place...but if your schedule permits...try the place as close to opening (4:00 pm) on a Saturday as you can make it.  We arrived at 4:30ish...and by 6 the place was almost booked. The atmosphere was wonderful, and in the relative quiet of the earlier hour..you can appreciate the commitment that this place has for its decor and customers.  Chain or no, individuals make the experience...and this experience was delightful.  Dr, B
4	So I am super conflicted about this place.  The service is excellent, you get free valet parking.  The decor is great, open kitchen, and just a great ambiance.  Then you have excellent tasting food. But my personal issue is that the food tastes are not my type of food, most of the foods have a more sour type taste like vinegar and lemon.  You can tell it's great food though.  I did not try the pizza but it looked really good.  I was just too full from everything else.Here are the things I had (we had 17 people and they treated us really well).Calamari - with lemons, but it's a lemon sauce not fried lemons like they seem to suggest, I didn't like it cuz of the lemons but it would have been great otherwiseNutella Triffle - I normally don't do dessert but since it was my birthday I did.  This thing is great!  Three layers of chocolate, nutella and graham crackers. with hazel nuts on top. Yum!Scallops and Risotto, well cooked scallops with a good risotto, a bit thinner than I prefer my risotto but I like it thicker than it normally comes.Tortellini  with Spinach, this thing was really good, nice dense tortellini and greatly cooked spinach.All in all, I'd come back and try the pizzas next time, but if you are into pasta with a zing of lemon, this place is great!
5	We stumbled upon this place by accident, and we sure are glad we did! This place never disappoints. The ambiance is unlike anything in Phoenix. It is fun to watch the cooks roll out fresh pasta and make ravioli. Fox Concepts has a great thing going on!
3	The patio is great.  They have a tasty house red.  The service was excellent.That's the good...I had the pesto pasta with chicken.  My girlfriend had the chicken parm.  It seems it would be difficult to strip flavor from Italian food but they managed it.  Both dishes were surprisingly, disappointingly bland.  Other things we noticed - it's very loud inside, so if you want to talk without yelling hit the patio.  It also seems a little pricy for what you get.In short, if you're looking for some good Italian with a neighborhood feel do yourself a favor and make the short drive west to Giuseppe's (28th and Indian School.)
2	My girlfriend and I dined at this place tonight.  It wasn't bad, but there are dozens of better options for Italian food here locally.  Actually, there are numerous better options within a five mile radius.  Very lackluster, and the service wasn't even good.  I probably won't go back unless invited by someone else for a special occasion or something.
1	I had the Bucatini with meat balls and I have to say it was far less than par. I understand they make their own pasta, but the meat balls didn't seem like they were made in house, Why... well if you cook then you know you wouldnt include an artery in your meat balls would you? Yeah it completely ruined my appetite pulling an artery out of my half chewed mouthful of meat. Gross to say the least. I was hoping this place would be my new lunch spot however I wont be going back ever. The potatoes were amazing and the drinks were meh okay... I was surprised at the price of the food. Truly not worth what I paid...
4	Having enjoyed the North in Kierland Commons, this location had much to live up to. To start, we ordered the highly addicting zucca chips and two glasses of white wine. We were sold on trying the handmade pasta so I got the spicy shrimp and my girlfriend tried the lasagna. The shrimp had a nice kick and I really enjoyed the pasta texture and sauce. You can tell they put an emphasis on quality ingredients. For dessert, we had the sugary doughnuts served on a custard sauce which were ok, though not quite as good as I remembered. The restaurant is open and lively, much like many of the other Sam Fox concepts. For a good meal and a terrific ambiance, you can't go wrong with checking out this "Italian Farmhouse."FYI - Come prepared to valet your car because the parking lot is packed on a busy night.
5	All day Happy Hour on Sunday!I just moved within walking distance of North and I could not be happier. I have been a couple times now and love it!Their house wine is great and during HH even their reserve bottles of wine are half off! The chef's board is very good and filled with very thin sliced Genoa salami and a spicy version. It also comes with two cheeses, a golden raisin compote, spiced nuts, bread and the best damn green olives I can remember eating. Seriously, these olives are great, order a side of them. Trust me.They have a daily special pizza ($8 during Happy Hour). The pizza is thin and crispy without any char, which I like. The crust is big and fluffy with a sprinkle of course salt. It actually reminds me of a delicious soft pretzel...crazy huh?On to the mains...I ordered the house-made spinach tortellini. WOW! It is not a huge portion but plenty to feel satisfied without ending up in a food coma. The cheese filling is so light and buttery. You must check out this simple dish. I was also lucky enough to taste the scallops. I am a huge scallop fan and I am quite picky about them. These are the best I have had in a very long time. Perfectly cooked over a mushroom risotto. OMG!Go here and get some great food and a glass (or bottle) of wine, but don't take my seat. PS. They allow dogs on the patio!
3	Hipster atmosphere and plenty of house made options. Definitely better than your typical Italian restaurant but not the best. Very noisy and hard to park.
5	I've been to North multiple times and it is at the top of my list.  Especially to take family and friends to because they always are consistently good... for service... ambience... and of course delicious food and drink.They have a super tasty tequila drink that I recommend... and the pesto pasta dish with chicken is my absolute fave!
3	The food is here is decent, but the portion size for the price just doesn't seem to be a good value. Service always seems to be rushed, and the clientele is loud and more on the Scottsdale side, even though it's located in Arcadia. There are other Italian options that are better in the area such as Italian Restaurant and Guiseppes.
3	I have eaten here many times and the food and service has been exceptional. I am going to assume that today was a fluke. I will continue to frequent North because the good far outweighs the bad of today. My advice is don't order the omelette with prociutto, unless you are craving airline quality food. The taste and texture reminded me exactly of the omelettes I have had when flying. Instead, opt for the white polenta and eggs, or the fried eggs in red sauce with Italian sausage. And the Red Rooster (bloody Mary) is outstanding. Please, North, take the omelette off the menu and you will be batting 1000.
5	Our first trip to North and we couldn't have been more pleased. The service was excellent and the food was unbelievable.We will definitely return to this place again
4	Wonderful Artichoke appetizers! Fun atmosphere too! I love eating outside! The only downside was there was no beer on tap.
2	Had an early dinner at North tonite, party of 7.  We got there before the dinner rush, so plenty of open seating in the restaurant.  Despite that, the service was slow and somewhat inattentive.  I've eaten at many Fox restaurants and this is the first one that really disappointed me from a service standpoint.  Once the food arrived, it was great.  But we waited much too long and wondered if we were invisible.  I'll give it another try, but with built in skepticism.
4	Came here because I had gone to the other North (in Kierland) just a few days prior and had such a good meal that I had to return.  The mushroom pizza ("funghi" to be exact) which was AH-mazing at the other location, but here it was a little dry... not as much cheesy mushroom-y goodness.  Was a little disappointed needless to say since I had been craving that pizza from the moment I licked the plate clean at Kierland. The service was terrific though, we sat at the bar (wish I remembered the bartender's name). Drinks were good & strong and the ambiance was great, so I would still come to this one if in the area, but I'll make the extra drive to the more "north" North for my funghi fix.
4	This is a very important 4 stars. My wife and I had a major incident while we were there, and I have complete justification to write a bad review. However, the management staff recognized the major impact of the issue, took care of everything quickly, for the 4 star recovery. On to the food...I always respect an Italian restaurant that gives aranchinis a try. These were very good for an American restaurant. Still on the look out for an authentic style one...The entire menu seems like a scientific slight american modification of traditional Italian dishes. They were well prepared, but left me wanting the real thing. We will return, for the quality of the food was exceptional.
4	Update:So, I've been back to North, and am happy to say that I've met two additional cool people who are running the bar. Yay! Really great service. North also has an excellent management team who is obviously dedicated to their business, and I'm looking forward to putting this place back into my rotation. :-) Very cool.
4	Wet, moist and damp. The patio offered almost an African Rain Forrest feel but the pasta and salad delivered. Great food.
5	Yummy yummy yummy!!! Amazing home made pasta! We ordered 4 different pasta dishes and lovvveed everyone - we will definitely be back! The meat and cheese app to start was also great!
4	This is my favorite of the Sam Fax concepts.  North has been revamped and is now more rustic.  It's a huge, huge improvement over the old North.  I have been to the Kierland, 40th Street and Tucson locations.  The Good:  We love the location on 40th Street.  We usually go on a Sunday afternoon for a late lunch.  We like to sit at the bar and the bar tenders are all super friendly.  We also like the wine special, don't know what that says about us.  There are so many good choices on the menu.  The pasta is all handmade.  The pizza's are excellent and they have a good selection of wines.  The Tucson location is beautiful and there is a great view from the patio.The Bad:  For some reason some of my favorite items from the menu are not available at the Kierland location.  Also, the lasagne is not very good, I would avoid it.
5	Outstanding.  Food/service/price all top drawer.  We had come from Central Bistro where we were driven out by the noise.  Had a double great meal...Avoid the noise and go here.LJK
4	Absolutely LOVE LOVE LOVE their ALL-DAY happy hour every Sunday! The bucatini and meatballs at $5 is an absolute STEAL - I highly recommend doing a double order and calling it dinner! The noodles are homemade and delectably thick and chewy, the red sauce is fresh, and the small meatballs are moist and delicious! We started tonight with the grilled artichoke, which was extremely tasty but highly overpriced at $12 for a single small/medium sized artichoke. We also ordered the arancini, which was oozing with cheesy goodness and comes three to an order. During happy hour, the arancini is $5 an order, which is totally reasonable for the size of the app; regular price is about double. I ordered the braised short rib and ricotta gnocchi, which was beautifully presented and nicely cooked, but it was bland and lacked seasoning. The bombolini dessert was a lovely end to a great meal - four cinnamon sugar covered "beignets" on a bed of real vanilla mascarpone and Meyer lemon curd. The service was amazing and the food was great! The only downfalls were the intense number of flying insects invading our table space and the co-ed bathrooms. I'm all for social progress but there's a good reason men and women have maintained separate bathrooms throughout history, and it has nothing to do with gender segregation. It's just that guys always pee all over the toilet seats... Overall, it was another great dining experience, brought to you courtesy of Fox Restaurant Concepts, and we will definitely be taking advantage of this happy hour again in the near future!
4	New american style italian.  I enjoyed everything I had and the fact they had some real italian dishes mixed in w/ some italian with a new american twist or ingredients. Something for everyone here.  Espresso here is tasty as well and if your going to put italian in your name that is a must.  I don't recall what brand it is, I believe it is local not lavazza or illy. However I like that about the Fox chains. They are all dependably tasty, fresh and local inspired.
3	The three would be a five if I was commenting only on the excellent food.  The wine selections are not good and are extremely overpriced.  They have this whole do you want 6oz vs. 8oz of wine scam going on?  You end up paying a premium price for average wine served in highball rustic glasses.  Ambiance is great but someone needs to come in and totally revamp the wine situation there.
5	I'm not a big fan of the Fox Concepts restaurants, but his new venture at 40th St/Camelback is wonderful! It is billed as having a rustic, farmhouse atmosphere - I guess that explains the blue jeans and plaid, western-style shirts on the servers (really?? Isn't that better suited to a rustic, western atmosphere??) That said, the place does have a certain lively vibe and energetic atmosphere. They offer both inside and patio seating, although neither outside area offers a particularly nice view - either the parking lot or 40th Street and the shopping area across the street. But when the weather's nice, it's always a treat to eat outside.We started with the bruschetta which was very, very good - a sign of more goodness to come! Our entrees included: spinach tortelloni, spicy shrimp and the pig pizza. The homemade spinach pasta was delicious and stuffed with mouth-watering cheese in a herb butter sauce. I could've done with about half the butter only because I'm not a butter fan, but must admit it was very flavorful. We were a little apprehensive that the shaved fennel on the spicy shrimp would be overpowering, but it wasn't at all. The dish was beautifully presented over homemade pasta and was very flavorful - worth ordering again! The pig pizza - so called because of its 4 pork meats - was good, too. The crust baked to perfection (no nasty burn areas).Our service was fine - attentive, friendly and not hovering. This restaurant is in a great location and the complementary valet is a plus since the parking area is limited.Definitely returning - sounds like a Sunday Happy Hour is in my future!
3	Cool fireplace on the patio. Very open feel inside. Small portions on the pasta for what you pay. Donuts for dessert...deelish.
5	Another great offering from Fox Concept Restaurants. Bravo.The building looks like a giant barn, and the interior resembles a barn as well. But don't be fooled; this restaurant is CLEAN as a whistle and the lighting is spot on. The servers and bartenders are dressed in jeans and other farm attire so they do look a little goofy, but it works. It just works. The bartenders actually care about you enjoying your experience. They're not there to puff up their chests and flex for the girls. These guys know customer service and they are spectacular.The food?! Heavenly. The arancini was perfect and the sauce divine. But the real treat was the main course: I tried the Bolognese, which is something I have perfected (in my opinion!) at home. I'm very picky. Luckly, they did not disappoint. The bolognese was very moreish and I could not stop eating. I left a very happy man. Kudos to the guys scurrying around in the open-air kitchen!And now for my one (and only) bitch about this restaurant: and I nearly took away a star because of it. JUST as the sun was setting, the bartenders took it upon themselves to open all the window-doors surrounding the bar. It's nice, but only when it's 79 degrees outside! And the sun...burst forth and blinded me along with anyone else sitting westward. All the nice cool air just slipped out the restaurant and it became quite uncomfortable.Yes, I know it's Friday night and you want the restaurant to seem as open as possible...but it's already A BARN! You do not need to open all the windows in the middle of summer...and especially when the sun is still able and willing to stun and piss off your diners. This restaurant, despite the only one flaw, is a masterpiece. (And guys, STOP going out in public wearing flip flops or sandals. You all look ridiculous.) I step off my soapbox.
4	Great consistency happens with Fox Restaurants! As a longtime fan of North  I am glad to have a closer location for my wife and me to visit.  They have a great selection of wines here and I can comfortably recommend anything on their menu.  The bruschetta is always my starter.  This location looks very different from their fancier look but the italian country decor is not bad. They changed the menu from my last visit but the selections are still very good.  I ordered the chicken sandwich with apricot jelly and loved it.
4	Like other reviewers, the consistency of tasty food (esp the home made pasta!) keeps us coming back.
4	Worthy of 4.5 stars.  I initially had attitude about going to a restaurant that is part of a group (Fox Concepts) but that was judging a book from the cover. I love the restaurants on 40th street, several of good ones on that street (Chelsea's Kitchen, The Vig, La Grande Orange, this one).  We went there on a Sunday and it was packed.  Great vibe in the place.  Good decor - it is like a warehouse, open kitchen, etc.Great happy hour prices and happy hour is all day on Sundays!!Excellent bucatini with meatballs (homemade pasta)Castrevallano olives - delicious Italian ( not too briny) Charcuterie & cheese plate with crusty fresh bread - very goodBottles of wine - half price during happy hour.Service was outstanding.  We sat at the bar and the bartenders were attentive and continued to refill water glasses.Definitely worth a visit!
4	Just went here today for the first time.  Nice, clean, well lit, spacious dining experience.  Bloody Mary was good, and the pesto pasta was tasty and very fresh.  Also, nice clean personal restrooms, with nice scented soap!  Thanks!
4	I tend to be a bit picky about Italian food, because about 4 generations ago, my family was 100% Italian.  That being said, I am still impressed with this place's food.  It was certain good, but everything had a pro/con dichotomy (I'm just trying that word out for a bit).Case in point:  Food was good, but it was an unusual pricing menu.  My partner got a margherita pizza, allegedly made from scratch, for a few dollars less than my spaghetti (no meatballs).  I couldn't understand why spaghetti cost more than making a pizza - a bit odd to me.Point #2:  The atmosphere was really upbeat and fun, but we sweated like crazy.  The "farmhouse" atmosphere felt like just that - a farmhouse.  We were told they're trying the best they can, but it wasn't helping too much.  We were sweating during parts of the meal.Overall, I think I would come back.  Since I recently gave up eating red meat, I think the spaghetti, although kind of pricey, is a force to be reckoned with.  I would just enjoy it more in a better climate-controlled environment.
5	Their food is authentico italiano. I loved the arancini to start and my tortellini was homemade and unbelievably excellent. I will come back during happy hour for their deal that includes a bottle of wine. Fox Restaurants are always a high standard.
5	Went here on Saturday night for a date night with my boyfriend. Both of us had never been here before and we were craving some Italian food.  I had seen on the menu they make their pasta in house and the reviews looked good so we decided to try it. I am so happy we did! I had the bolognese pasta and he had the spaghetti and meatballs they were both excellent dishes. For desert we had some salted carmel thing I cant remember the name but it was delicious!!! We will definitely be returning. The service was great too!!!
4	The lasagne is excellent. The short ribs were ok, but they weren't spectacular. Service was good and attentive.
4	HAPPY HOUR REVIEW:Warning! Going to Sam Fox Restaurants for Happy Hour after a movie can be habit forming. We have heard many good things about this Italian farmhouse concept, but we were little hesitant given that we found the lunch at North in Kierland just okay.  Our caution however, was unwarranted.AMBIANCE/MOOD:We arrived around four-thirty and the parking lot was mostly empty. Were they open we thought? But as we approached the front door, it was opened by a hostess and we were invited in. Nice.  We said we had come for the Happy Hour and were escorted not to the bar, but to some tables along the back wall. We were given menus, both Dinner and HH and heard a brief explanation of the fish special. Very cozy and very nice. I have taken a few photos of the inside of the restaurant.  The mood is upscale and dare I say 'hip".MENU:Like other Fox places, the HH menu is more of a starting point of samplers. For instances, if you like HH serving of freshly made meatballs and spaghetti, then maybe you'll like the lager dinner serving.The HH menu has about a dozen items, mostly in the $5.00 - $8.00 range.  They have Caesar Salad, Arancini, Pizza of the Day $8, Chef's Board of meats and cheese $10, Zucca chips $3.  Two holdovers from other restaurants are the Castelvetrano Olives $3 and Spiced Nuts $2. These two look similar to the Olive & Ivy's offering. http://www.yelp.com/biz/olive-and-ivy-scottsdale#hrid:XB-E39WNviGs1MkkQ4XIxwAs you would expect, they also have all beers and well drinks priced at $4.00 to $5.00.  But what we found special, are all their wines marked at 50% off.  They will also re-cork it for you to go.Here are links to the menus:http://www.foxrc.com/frcwp/wp-content/uploads/2012/04/North_40th_Menu_Happy_Hour.pdfhttp://www.foxrc.com/frcwp/wp-content/uploads/2012/04/North_40th_Dinner_Menu2.pdfSERVICE:We found the service to be very professional.  Yes, the water glasses were refilled on a timely basis, but also the wait staff comes by and chats with you about your food and answers any questions you have very knowledgeably.  We actually got into a very detailed discussion on Washington State wines and Oregon Pinots with our server Vail.FOOD:We started off by ordering a Washington State Chardonnay, but found they didn't have any chilled.  We then opted instead for the Snoqualmie Riesling, which was somewhat sweet, with a hint of cherries.We tried the HH Caesar Salad for $5.00 and the HH Spaghetti, also for $5.00. The salad came with some of the most delicious croutons that had a smokey taste we have ever had.  A definite must.  The spaghetti was equally interesting and flavorful.  The meatballs must be cooked in a marinara, and has a complexed layering taste which was different than the pasta sauce, which has a hint of fennel. Wow.Next we ordered the Margherita Pizza ($11.00) off the Dinner menu, see photos. It was very good but we found the cheese slipped off when you bit into a wedge. For dessert, we each ordered the Gelato scoop for $3.00 and the Tiramisu for $6.00, both off the dinner menu.  I've taken pictures of the Titamisu.  It came in a glass ramekin with an amazing amount of delicious mascarpone cheese and flavorful Kahlua.PRICES:Our petite Happy Hour dinner of six items, ran us $41.50 before taxes and gratuities.  It also included the bottle ($23.00, 50% off) of Riesling, which our wonderful server Vail re-corked for us. As we left, the parking lot was full with a dozen cars waiting to be parked.Enjoy!
4	I love Fox Concepts....this was no exception! Customer service was on point, delicious food...three words "braised...short rib...gnocchi.." - that really says it all!
5	this restuaurant is authentic italian food! our area is full of "chain" restuarants that land you waiting for an hour and rushed out in just the same amount of time stuffed full of the usual fair! here, you get a great meal, great ambiance, and service that is tops! thanks to the great staff and owner this restaurant is tops in the area for italian. i guarantee you will go home with food, they sreve you so much! if you need a date night out, eat here and head over to amc or dave and busters at the mall. the other posters were right, parking is tight, but worth it! i'm glad i found this place.
4	I would just like to say that the staff at Arcadia North are amazing, as is the Chef!  We attended their most recent community dinner and let's just say that the participating guests were NOT very friendly to us, with several guests telling us that open seats were taken by their friends who had yet to arrive.  This was so off putting since it was a COMMUNITY DINNER and frankly it was hurtful as well.  Long story short, we ended up being seated at a 4 top away from the community dinner table and we were just about we ready to leave.If it hadn't been for the staff and I mean all of the staff we would have left and I would be writing a very different review.  They were very apologetic, professional, attentive and kind.  In the end we were so glad that we stayed because the menu courses and wine pairings were superb.  The Summer Corn Agnolotti was sublime.  The grilled lamb was cooked to perfection and each wine pairing was absolutely perfect.  Our waiter, who hailed from my "neck of the woods" in the East Bay California, was so well informed about the wines and such an excellent waiter.  I feel that the food was as good as I've had in many 4 star San Fransisco restaurants, which is saying a lot for Phoenix.We may not attend another community dinner, at least not in Arcadia but we will return to North.  I commend everyone who helps to makes North an excellent dining experience!
4	Nice place nice customer service I didn't like the lasagna it was to liquid but our waiters Kathy was so nice and she bring me the menu again so I choose a salad it's was ok but the Sangria I drink was so so good I think I made me dizzy so excuse my worlds lol, oh she also give us a dessert I got the salty something and it was so good I will come back again
5	(Lyrics - Tears for Fears - Everybody Wants to Rule the World)Welcome to North FattoriaThere's no turning backEven while we eatWe will find you at the bar for Happy HourBuy a drink and some bruschettaEveryone should try North FattoriaIt's my own decisionIt's my own reviewHelp you to decideHelp you make the mostOf eating and of pleasureNothing ever taste this goodEveryone should try North FattoriaNorth Fattoria Italiana, almost a mouth full trying to say it.  Either that or I'm busy stuffing my face!  NFI is a Sam Fox Restaurant so you know the ambience is awesome!  I've never felt out of place every time I go to any of his restaurants.  NFI is laid out like an old Italian kitchen.  Like mama's home cooked meal I say!  Lots of vintage lighting and an open patio.  I believe the garage doors open during the cooler months for a fresh breeze to run through the restaurant -- mmm nice!  I came to NFI several times and their HH is very good.  Wine and dine at the bar with some flatbreads cause it's my favorite.  I ordered "The Pig"  and it was a bunch of pork, but man you know; that's what I like!  No skimping the protein here!  Nice warm and cheese crust, while can add some crushed pepper to give it some kick!  Perfect with "ma ber"!  Their pasta is good too so don't for get to leave some room before you come.  I ordered their regular spaghetti and meatballs and lets just say it's my favorite in town!  The sauce taste like it's made from scratch while the meatballs, well meatballs to me are meatballs, but the sauce is what really makes a pasta dish.  In the end, I was delighted with my meals and the atmosphere was perfect to just relax and enjoy a few drinks before departing. - Enjoy
5	YUM. We have come here before for the wine and desert so we had to do dinner.The first time I came for dinner I had the braised beef gnocci and boyfriend had the pork tenderloin. Both awesome. Desert was the doughnuts and the carmel...thing...it was like a custard and I forget what its called but it was amazing.Next time we brought mom and dad. We came around the end of happy hour so were able to get the butchers board app and a bottle of wine for the happy hour pricing. I love how thin the meat is sliced and it was delicious. And cheese is awesome no matter what way you cut it.Mom got my suggested braised beef and dad got the pesto -which was all of our favorites. I got the lasagna and boyfriend had the scallops with mushroom risotto. All to die for. The pasta is so fresh and delicious and all of their flavors are amazing.I love it there. Dad was really impressed with the decor and ambiance and of course that's why we love it as well.Dad loves tiramisu so we got that. It was awesome and a great way to end the night. We love coming here whether its to share some wine and a dessert or cheese board or to come and fatten up for the night. And we will always come back for more.
4	Went here yesterday for a work lunch with a group of 7. They were great about accommodating us and our table was perfect. I've been to the North in Kierland commons and this one definitely outdoes that location. The seating is gorgeous - very open and airy and I love the natural light. Seems like a cute spot for a date night or a girls dinner and drinks night. Their patio looks super cute but with it being deathly hot in Phoenix right now I'll have to wait to try it. I ordered a chicken caesar salad which was good for a plain salad - I wasn't expecting much and was trying to stick to my healthy eating plan. My coworker ordered a pizza that I have literally been dreaming about ever since. It looked amazing - its currently on my must try list. Dessert was very good - ordered the salted caramel budino which was amazeballs - totally worth the extra time at the gym. Will definitely be returning when I can indulge a little bit more.
3	Interesting thing happened here. I'll start off by saying that I've wanted to try North for a while so shout out to Monica for making me get my butt in here. I also have to throw in that we both look absolutely smashing in purple.So let's start with the good. North, like any Fox restaurant manages to pull off a fun, casual, lively atmosphere that is good for groups or a smaller crowd that likes to have fun. In keeping with the Italian Farmhouse motif, the inside has an open, almost converted barnyard feel with accents and decor that convey that farm fresh atmosphere.You can count on a few modern twists to traditional Italian dishes from their appetizers and mains to their desserts. I appreciated having a choice of Peroni or Moretti. Their cocktail menu was interesting however the feedback from others was "not impressed" so I'm glad I stuck with a Moretti.I started with a very respectable Caesar Salad. I am becoming more and more picky about my Caesars so theirs was as I said, respectable but not stellar. Our friendly server recommended the bolognese over the lasagna so I went with her confident recommendation.  Now this is my problem, not the restaurant's but I am one of those weirdos that likes capellini as my pasta of choice. I know, after nearly getting into an argument with a server at another restaurant (not a Fox restaurant), that a larger noodle renders more of the flavor of the sauce. This is why a bolognese is typically accompanied by linguini...fair enough. What I don't understand is this seemingly new trend where bolognese is now served with fettucini. Long story short, this is how my bolognese was served and while it was good it didn't send me into endorphin-laden bliss like when I have some smooth-as-velvet capellini with my hearty bolognese. So it was good, not great and truth be told a bit of a let down. I know for the future to ask for capellini, so this is not the restaurant's fault. What did blow me out of the water was their grilled asparagus. I am so glad I ordered this side. The asparagus was decent sized and grilled up perfectly. I knew I was going to regret it in the bathroom later on eating this much asparagus but it was so damned good. I can't believe I hated this stuff when I was a kid.I took part of my dinner home to save room for dessert, which was vanilla gelato with expresso. Again, good but not stellar. But it's OK because we went to LGO for second dessert (like a good hobbit, I skipped elevensies)So here is the interesting part. When I heated up my leftovers the next day for lunch, it was DELICIOUS!!!! Fettucini or no fettucini it was AWESOME. How often is your food better on the second day?So to sum up, the best part of my meal was the company. North is definitely a fun place to go, but I would go more for the atmosphere less for the food and I don't think I'd go out of my way to come back here. But if I were invited for more food and fun, far be it for me to decline.
4	Met up with some fellow yelpers on a Wednesday night for the International Supper Club UYE, this time we headed off to North Fattoria Italiana .I have to say I have driven by many times and thought, wow I love the look of this place, the huge windows are so inviting! So when this place was picked I was pretty excited!  I got there a little bit early which was ok; it allowed me to really take this place in.  I absolutely love the opened kitchen. The entire place has this opened feel to it, rustic yet modern at the same time.  Visually impressive.Some of us meet up for Happy Hour, but quickly found out that happy hour ended at 6, so I rushed my order in at 8 mins till. I had a glass of the house white wine, it was very pleasant!  After everyone arrived it was time to order! I surveyed the menu over and over, but kept going back to the Pesto dish. I love Pesto! It's one of my favorite dishes, also something that isn't cooked often in my house, so I took this opportunity and ordered it. The pesto was fresh, the noodles perfectly cooked and fresh! Love homemade noodles! I was very pleased with my meal!  Everyone's dishes looked amazing too!Glad to have tried North Fattoria Italiana and look forward to coming back!
5	This place is AH-MAZING!!! Can't wait to go back.We went here for our 3rd anniversary dinner and I'm very glad we did. SERVICE-Our waitress was VERY knowledgeable about the menu. She was great at first but when it got busy she completely forgot about us. By the end she seemed more interested in doing roll-ups to get out early rather than paying attention to her tables.FOOD- Appetizer: we had the grilled artichoke. The flavor was spot on--BUT it was WAY over cooked. Entrees: We ordered the Gnocchi w/ Braised Beef in a light Horseradish Cream Sauce, it was FANTASTIC!! I could have licked the bowl it was so damn good--but I was in public. We also ordered the pizza w/ egg, potato, and bacon on it. It was like breakfast on a pizza and man that was a great breakfast pizza. We will definitely be going back just for the pizza.Dessert- Lemon Donuts. OMG so good.GO HERE IF YOUR EVEN DEBATING IT! I'll be back for sure.
5	I've officially been to North once, but unofficially twice. The first was through trying brunch leftovers my husband brought home (The Pig pizza and Short rib gnocchi) and the 2nd I had to try for myself first hand. So first thing, parking lot is small. We happened to have reservations as they were opening, so it wasn't a problem. They have complimentary valet, kinda weird for such a small lot. But helpful. Interior is clean farmhouse rustic. I loved the family style table we were seated at, wish I could've taken that table home with us. Definitely great for groups, great for babies/kids. There is also a beautiful bar area, if its just a party of one or two. Now, for the food, that's really what u go for right? Ambiance is great and all, but what about the food? Top to bottom delicious, creative and executed to perfection.Brunch Cocktail, first on the menu, The Red Rooster. An italian spin on a brunch favorite. Bloody mary with freshly crumbled parmesan mixed throughout and decorated with caprese. Caprese? Yes, one leaf of basil, tomato, and mozzarella. It sucks that I've never come up with this combination on my own. Bloody mary = tomato, italian = tomato, cheese, basil. Simple, creative, delicious. I would definitely get this again OR dare even try it at home.Our chosen appetizers - zucca chips, bread board and custard filled donuts... is that a lot for appetizers, well yes, but that's not the point. Friends highly recommended the zucca chips, which I was more than willing to try even though I had no idea what they were. As it turns out, it isn't some exotic delicacy. Just fried zucchini. I don't say that lightly though because these were not the TGIFridays chunky cut, breaded, and fried zucchini. Zucca chips, were exactly that, chip-style - thinly sliced, slightly crispy, lightly salted, mini-zucchini goodness. Bread board has house-made rustic bread. Light, soft, airy on the inside with an crunchy outer crust. The usual thinly sliced charcuterie, cheese, olives, spiced mixed nuts, and a sweet chutney. Again, simple - but done well. Now, the unexpected we're the custard filled donuts. The very first menu item is pastries, choice of cinnamon rolls or custard filled donuts. We went with donuts. An order comes with 3, we got 2 orders. And they were nice enough to accommodate us with +1 for our party of 7. The donuts were unexpected because one, they are kinda hidden in the menu, and two - this place just screams savory - not sweet, but these little donuts (donut holes), crispy fried dough, dusted with powdered sugar, moist inside with a creamy lemon custard. That custard was so good, we were scraping it from the plate after having devoured our little tasty donut ball.I was impressed with the short rib gnocchi i tasted from leftovers last week. Following that theme, I selected the short rib hash for my entree. I was not disappointed. Usually, my gripe,with hash - is the hash part. Usually too much potato. Not here. Perfect amount of short rib to potato. The hash was soft potato cubes with red peppers and onions. The short rib, moist and fall apart tender. All topped with poached egg. The egg yolk was soft but not runny. I would've preferred a runny egg, but did not affect overall taste. Buttered Toasted bread served on the side was so good. Toasted bread? Really - so good. One side was purposely burnt and it just worked.It's a 45 minute drive, but will definitely come back -  gotta try more of the menu. Thanks to our friends for introducing us to North Fattoria Italiana. I don't even know what Frattoria means, but doesn't really matter. It is just good.
4	I went here for my birthday with my parents. Enjoyed the atmosphere which is always important for me and the food was good but not amazing. I don't mind it being real or authentic Italian as long as the flavors and portions are good. I rarely get an appetizer but for my birthday decided why not. Chose the bruschetta with crescenza cheese, prosciutto, truffle oil and asparagus. It was tasty but I guess I was expecting something similar to what one usually gets at Postinos with several varieties. It was tasty but it they served only one large bruschetta to share. Nothing wrong with that but just different than my expectations. I found my dish, the spinach tortelloni, a little on the small side portion wise but otherwise very tasty. I tasted my parents dish (my dad got the spicy shrimp pasta dish, a generous portion and what one should expect at $18, mom ordered the burrata salad (which my dad had heard was also on the small side but with the added portion of salmon, a large piece) it was balanced out (however it was $20 for that, quite an expensive salad for what she received). Wine as good (I ordered a Zinfandel) and the dessert I chose, Nutella trifle was on the house and also very good. I'd like to come again and see if there are any changes to the menu and/or quality of food but it's reputation is definitely earned and I think it's a great place to grab some drinks and maybe a bite if you're trying to do happy hour.
3	My husband and I dined here on Saturday 9/7 to celebrate his birthday.  We are big fans of North Kierland (we had our 1st date & got engaged here :)) so we decided to try the Arcadia location.  It was great!  The atmosphere was extremely loud as there was a 40th birthday celebration with a group of 15 seated in the center of the restaurant, which made our dinner conversation a lot louder than it should have been.The staff was amazing quick friendly service.  We had the mussels to start and they were delicious!  The dish was served with 2 pieces of bread, which was not enough for the large bowl of broth and we were charged for the additional bread which was disappointing but well worth it. For our entrees I had the seared scallops with mushroom risotto and at the reccommendation of our server he had the short ribs.  My dish was outstanding and we ending up sharing that as his was just average.  The ribs came with gnocchi which was good except there was very little meat.  My dish had 3 medium sized scallops they were cooked perfectly, but for the price I don't think I'd order again. Overall the food was good, the atmosphere was far too loud to be considered kid friendly, and the price for the quantity was extremely over priced.
4	We love this place! Awesome atmosphere, great service and delicious food. We went with a big group and everyone loved their food. The fonduta appetizer was great, along with the funghi pizza, grilled chicken pasta and nutella dessert. Would definitely recommend!
4	Starters:- Grilled artichoke: Not a favorite for the table, but a definite favorite of mine.  Very beefy and full of flavor- Grilled calamari: Wow.  Silky smooth with a hint of the grill and the white bean ragu, which I was skeptical of, blended perfectly- Steamed mussels:  If not for being in public, I would have picked up the bowl and drank the broth directly.  The mussels were good too.- Braised meatballs: Very nice red sauce.  Might have been a tad too tender and I might have missed it, but I like a little bit of pork in my meatballs.Main (I only have what I tasted to go on, but the rest of my party looked very happy):- At the suggestion of the server, I had the scallops.  I wish I hadn't.  Although the description looked wonderful, it felt like the mushroom risotto, scallops, and shallots didn't mix well.  The shallots blocked out the risotto, which blocked out the scallops and the scallops, while tender enough, had little flavor.  That being said, the risotto by itself was very good.Desserts:-Salted caramel budino: I'd drive the 25 miles back here just for the dessert.  Just amazing.  The creaminess of the creme freche topping with the salt and caramel was perfect.  Again, if I wasn't in public, I would have licked the small cup clean.  Very good wait staff and nicely timed for a large group.  Next time, I'll try the gluten free pasta instead of one of the meats and see how that goes.  Can't wait for more budino!
4	Love the beautiful decor and atmosphere--I've gotten the beet salad which was delish, but my favorite thing ever is the spinach tortellino--oh my goodness, it's amazing! My hubby gets the lasagna or the spagetti and meatballs, both were divine. We love to go here for special occasions :)
5	Went for brunch before flying out on a Sunday.  Told the waitress we had to be out in less than an hour and she totally made that happen.  The bellini and my friend's drink (the cocktail w grand mariner) were both delicious.  We split a cinnamon roll which was amazing esp for $3.  We both got the veggie egg scramble.  Delicious!  And loved the restaurant's bread as well.  Service was excellent.
5	Just in Town to see my brother and this is on the top of my list to always make sure and go. i love it... such good food... Short ribs so yummy... so much flavor.  simple salad so yummy. Chef board  is a must . Pizza amazing, i think all the dinners here are good. yes had one problem but it was fixed so fast and our Server was super nice.he  made sure we had everything we needed while we where there.. every time  time i am in AZ this is on the top of my must go list!
4	Pizza was one of the best I've had since I've been in phx. Barn-like space with cool lighting. Bar setup was great and drinks were on point.
3	Love this place!Great ambience  & delicious food!I had the spicy shrimp pasta & it was absolutely amazing!!!The problem is the absolutely TERRIBLE  service!!!!!!!!They r slow, rude & unhelpful!!!Seriously it's a pity that the servers r so lacking!
4	This place has just gotten better for me since I first began coming here shortly after it opened.  Things I especially enjoy are their zucca chips, smashed tomato pizza (a chef's special that night), the spicy pasta with shrimp, and the happy hour - Oh the happy hour!  It is great, and goes all day long on Sunday.  Tremendous value and easily can get out for under $40 for a complete meal for 2 including wine if you take advantage of the specials.  I have also enjoyed several brunches here - they have a great patio with a fireplace for cold nights.
5	I took a group of about 15 clients to North in October. The doors were open and the weather was great. The decor was super cool. Although the staff had put my reservation on the wrong day, it was a Tuesday at 6 so we were able to get a table. The server was really nice, and I have to say the food was DELICIOUS. I think almost everyone at the table really loved the apps, entree, and dessert. I'll be heading back when I feel like Italian food. :)
5	The pizza, dessert, wine - everything is good here ! It's fun to watch them make the dough :) and the lights make it very pretty !
5	The food is fantastic, the service its top notch and the atmosphere is wonderful..I live on my own and luckily live very close to north.. I go there a lot! Most of the time alone and enjoy dinner, wine, & espresso @ the bar.. I know all the bartenders and they are wonderful we all laugh and enjoy the evenings..All the regulars as myself all know each other and if its not a football game that night we will all move around and sit by one another and laugh and enjoy the great nights.Enjoy the outside views at night the bar is open cause the great weather. I cant think of one thing I don't like about this place. They give me this family feel when I come in.
5	Went in on a Friday maybe a little more than an hour before they were closing with a group of 6. Liked the atmosphere of the whole place immediately. They offer valet parking which wasn't necessary(maybe not when our party showed up at least). We were seated right away and greeted by our waitress right away. She got our drinks and dished out the specials answering all our questions and was very helpful with recommendations to the parts of our group that were first timers. The food was excellent starting with the patata pizza, bruschetta and calamari. We were all still trying to decide what to get so we also got the chef's board opting for the combination which didn't last too long. For dinner I got the seared diver scallops which was cooked perfectly on some awesome risotto. Our table got a community bowl of the bolognese our waitress suggested which was as great as she said it would be. All in all a great dinner to which I didn't hear any complaints and would recommend to anyone in the area or looking for somewhere nice to go with a group or on a date.
4	Think upscale barn meets trendy decor. Started with the Italian farm salad for a mix of Molinari salami, roasted red peppers, red onions, olives topped with thin slices of provolone cheese and just enough Italian vinaigrette. The fork kept coming back for more bites!! Then had a slice of traditional margherita pizza. And then devoured the ricotta gnocchi with small chunks of soft braised beef short rib, lightly covered with horseradish cream, and wilted arugula for a full flavored dish. And wait.....not done!! I know- I have an appetite for foodie food. Finished with the beignets that was complemented with a lemon cream sauce for dessert. All in all, the dinner was scrumptious, the ambience was lively and the place is telling me to come back for more! :)
5	Update to my previous review:North is once again a favorite that I find myself frequently much too often. Excellent management, friendly (and dare I say very attractive) bar staff, delicious new drink offerings, and the free WiFi I've always loved. A great place to pull up a seat and work from my laptop. They have also accommodated a menu request that my best friend asked for and have subsequently made it for me. We appreciate that tremendously. I plan to resume riding my cruiser bike to North to park it in the ample bike parking spaces as well as taking my car to the friendly, fast valet on the chillier nights. Excellent.
4	Great salad and atmosphere. I am definitely coming back whenever I am in the area.
5	I've never had a bad meal here at North. The service is always top rate. You must not leave without getting a side of creamy polenta. No seriously, get the polenta! Zucca chips, sweet+savory spaghetti & meatballs, chef's board... So simple but so well executed. I love North.
5	I don't really like Italian food.... there, I said it, it's true. You can begin submitting your hate mail. When anyone asks the question, "What do you want to eat?" Italian will rarely, if ever, come out of my mouth. However, that may have been changed by North Frattoria Italiana. Many of my Phoenix Yelp friends have been to and speak highly of North. I just realized that I can literally walk there from my home. At times, I'm completely oblivious to my surroundings. All this time, North has been sitting here, and I haven't taken advantage of it. Well, today that has all changed.We came here tonight because my offspring loves Italian food... He may not actually be mine. I'm kidding, he's mine, bought and paid for.  The first thing I noticed about North was the setting. Unlike the typical Mamma Mia... Ay you's guys... Ooh La La (actually I think that last one's French) atmosphere, North has a farm house feel. The staff was even wearing plaid shirts and jeans. I liked that laid back feel. I'm a country boy at heart so the farm-esque tone was comforting.We started our food journey with the calamari and a seasonal chef board:The calamari was okay. The breading was a bit heavy and I thought it took away from the flavor and feel of the calamari. It's not something I would get again.The seasonal chef board was good. It consisted of brussel sprouts, squash, asparagus, mushrooms, some kind of cheese and a few slices of really good bread. I liked it, but it was more for my lady. The veggies fixation is her thing.For my main dinner I got the Ricotta Gnocchi. It's braised beef short rib with gnocchi served in a horseradish crema and wilted arugula. I love short rib, but I'm not a huge fan of horseradish. I asked our server her opinion and she assured me it all complimented each other. She was absolutely right. It was excellent. The short rib was very tender and the crema, meat and gnocchi all worked perfectly. Excellent.I could have ended the meal there and been content, but we didn't. For dessert we ordered the Tiramisu and Bombolini: The tiramisu is served in a glass container rather than in sliced cake form, and is covered in playful little chocolate balls. I liked the presentation. It was cool looking and tasted great. The bombolini are Italian donuts. They had cinnamon and sugar on the surface and were plated on a lemon/vanilla mascarpone pudding-like bed. It all worked well together and my son, who is a bit of a "donut expert", thought they were very good. Overall, this was a wonderful experience. Everyone walked away happy and I found an Italian place that I could see myself frequenting... for that, 5 stars is in order.
5	It's pretty good food. Calling this "Italian" is not what you would think.  It has a nuevo  Italian flair.  it's hip and trendy.  The scallops were to die for, the pasta (Bolognese) was delish.  We also had as an appetizer one of those appetizer boards (we opted for the combo) and a chopped salad.  It was a great wonderful meal.  You must go.  They also have one in Kierland.  Too bad they closed their Westside location at 67th and 101.  :(
4	Food was great! The decor was rustic and cute. The service was excellent and the server was very nice. Although the service was good, it did have a flaw. Everyone's starters came, but my wife's salad was no where to be found. For about 10 minutes, we we're waiting for her salad when we realized that it wasn't coming any time soon. We had to ask a waiter to pass on the message to our waitress. And we found out that the salad was never even written down. But even though the salad came late my wife could care less about how late it was because it was so delicious.
5	Yup, trusting Yelp with this recommendation was a fantastic idea. I was in Arcadia and wanted Italian food, nothing specific per se, I just knew I wanted something Italian and North was one of the first restaurants to pop up. After conferring with my dinner party of four, we were off.   We started with a pitcher of the best red sangria I've thus far experienced, winey yet fruity, spicy but mellow, it was good. Then we moved on to the mussels, which the table unanimously agreed that, even though between us we have eaten seafood all over the world, were the best version of any of the mollusk family we had ever eaten. Served in a butter sauce with slivers of garlic and salami, these things were damn near worth five stars alone. You must try them. Next best was the ricotta gnocchi, which although were very slightly doughy, had an incredible flavor profile with the horseradish sauce and ricotta. The seared diver scallops were also a hit, the scallops seared very well with a good cook, the risotto was tasty but got to be a little much at the end, it had a LOT of flavor. We also got a margherita pizza with a white sauce instead of the red, it was a good pie with a crispy crust and nice bite. The spicy shrimp dish was the low of the night, it did have a nice flavor but was just kind of a run of the mill pasta dish, I'd go with something more adventurous.  The fantastic food, incredible service(Stephanie I think), and inviting decor push this place over the top. North will for sure be in our regular rotation of restaurants from here on out.
5	Enjoyed the company of 30 fellow Elites today here at our "Wake Up at North" event this morning, which started with a fabulous Brunch!*  MIni Granola Parfaits with almond granola, vanilla yogurt & fresh fruit!*  Baked French Toast with vanilla maple syrup, fresh fruit & lots of whipped cream!*  Short Rib Hash with sunny side up fried eggs!*  Egg Scramble with spinach, mushroom slices, asparagus,  Zucchini & white cheddar cheese!After this delicious feast, which was accompanied by Bloody Marys, Mimosas & coffee, we received a demonstration of how pasta is made from scratch, & even had a chance to make our own Tortellini!The staff was lovely, a great time was had by all, and special thanks to LIndsey for another great Yelp event!     :-))
5	Was able to get a taste if their new brunch menu. Wow. Just as good as their lunch and dinner! We started off with their red rooster Italian style Bloody Mary. It was delicious and had parmesian cheese sprinkled in it - weird at first but adds a great salty bit!We had some baked French toast with vanilla syrup, homemade whipped cream and fresh berries. We also had a great parfait with Greek yogurt sweetened with honey and vanilla, crunchy granola and fresh berries.On came the heavier courses of a veggie scramble and a short rib hash. The veggie scramble was my least favorite but that's only because I'm not a huge veggie in my eggs kinda girl. The hash though- wow. Everyone's favorite. If you've ever had their gnocchi then you've had their braised short rib and it's amazing. Finish today off with a chat with the chef and a tutorial on how to make a tortoloni (yup not a tortiloni and I'm sure my spelling is off for both) then you can say I started my day in a pretty bad ass manner.
4	Place is good! Have been here about 3 times and it has always pleasing. Drove by the place for quite some time when I was on the way to Postino. It's definitely attractive from the outside so that made me check it out. Service is decent here and the food is great. Although, a few of their signature dishes need a couple tweaks. The spicy shrimp pasta first hits your pallet with a bang but you are soon left with a 'nothing' taste. I would attribute it to lack of seasoning. The spinach tortelloni is great but they put WAY too much butter. A seasoned chef would send it back. The theme of the restaurant (country) doesn't match the type of food they serve although it somehow works...Pros-nice atmosphere-cool design-decent service-great foodCons-some off tasting food-community seating
1	standard menu-- all the dishes we ordered lacked seasoning, as did our server. not the greatest concept, fox.
3	North has made big changes to their once awesome Happy Hour menu. I was pretty disappointed that the spaghetti & meatballs and arancini balls have been removed...The bruschetta of the day was so oily we could not finish it, mortadella, cheese and oil soaked arugula did not show off what I know North is capable of...On a brighter side, the potato, goat cheese and truffle oil pizza of the day was great. :)
4	Can you really go wrong with a fox restaurant? I don't think I have.. They're always been pretty safe choices whenever we pick restaurants and North was no exception. We started with a bottle of wine, Barbera. It came uncorked which I found strange.  Waiter said bartender opened. Maybe my restaurant friends can tell me if this is normal or not? Back to the food.. We ordered the calarami. It was alright. It's a litte too crispy and you really can't taste to calamari at all. I had the Strozzapretti as my meal. It was delicious and not too rich. There was also plenty of grilled chicken in the dish so the pasta didn't feel overwhelming. My husband had the Spinach Tortelloni. He loved it but it is very rich! I tasted it and thought it was great as well. We both agreed the Strozzapretti was the better of the two. Parking is mostly vallet unless you park across the street. Overall great experience!
3	I'm so torn between 3 and 4 stars. We have been to North (this location) only a handful of times. The food is always delicious but the service declines every subsequent visit. The pork tenderloin is so delicious if they don't overcook it but the polenta, sweet potatoes and balsamic reduction was finger licking delicious. The boyfriend ate almost half my plate because his chicken parm wasn't anything special. When we go back the tenderloin is all he can think about. Goat cheese/beet salad is very yummy as is the Caesar. delicious croutons that seem to be made In house. Small portions but the entrees are so filling. Short ribs are also delicious... That polenta I tell you! But the desserts are heavily lacking.  Pretty bland even if it does mention Nutella (my krypotonite!) I'd rather hit up a corner store for a pint of B&J. I do like that they offer a slightly larger our of wine for a few bucks more. We have sat at the bar and dinner tables during busy AND slow times. Water never refilled. Poured our own bottle of wine after the first initial pour. One server even opened our bottle away from the table and just walked up casually with it which I thought was kind of strange but maybe that's just how they do things there. Service is not friendly or particularly helpful which could set this place apart but shucks. Just mediocre at best
5	Went to North for the first time on Sunday for the new bRUNch run club and LOVED IT!  There were forty five of us for this week's bRUNch club and we were given the patio to oureslves.  The servers did an amazing job handling the whole group and the food was AMAZING!  We had a set menu for the bRUNch group, and all the choices sounded great.  Had the frittata which was delicious and they had a great drink list.  Excited to check it out for lunch/dinner as well, and hope North can host another bRUNch soon!
1	I wish I didn't have to give a rating on this but Yelp needs me to do so.  I wont give this one star.  Worst place to eat.  When we get there I let them know we have a reservation, they look for it and can't find it.  So the hostess says to me you must of called another restaurant very snotty...excuse me.  then why when I hit the button for directions it gave me directions to this place?  My husband gently grabs my arm he knows me all to well.  He asks if there is any available seating.  We are told on the heated patio.  Ok fine.  The hostess comes around to show us the way and she is wearing a dress that is just a tad longer than a shirt, IT BARELY COVERS THINGS.    The waiters are dressed in jeans and tshirts.  Normally I would not complain about stuff like this however when you look at the price of the steak and the menu the steak is $35 you expect some sort of aviance/atmosphere.  This place did not have it.  So we get to our seats and there are no tables in "HEATED" portion of the patio they plan to stick us as far away as possible from any heater....I refused to sit there and surprisingly enough there was another table closer to the heated area but honestly we are still exposed to the cold weather.  I had to eat with my winter coat on.  Food was OK nothing real special somewhat limited menu.  I asked for a hot vanilla Latte since we were so cold.  No Vanilla so I did without.  While I was there I had to use the restroom.  There are 5 restrooms that either man or lady can use each their own stall.  I go inside and I turn to close the door behind me and there is no handle to grab to pull the door shut. So I push it open and hope it would slam closed...nope.  I ended up grabbing the coat hook on the back of the door so I could completely close the door and lock. The parking lot is very small and its only complimentary valet.   Its also very hard to walk on if you have heels on like I did.  By the way our reservation was at 6pm We should of just turned around and walked out.  I won't go back.
5	Love everything I've tried on the menu and they make a mean scotch on the rocks. I've had the pizza, mussels, and a few of the salads. All GREAT!
2	This used to be one of my favorite places until they got a new chef who took my favorite burrata salad off the menu. When I requested it, my (not very helpful) server asked the chef about it. The chef agreed to make it, but said it would "taste funny." Now why would I order something that the chef tells me will taste funny??? What a joke. I ordered another menu item and was not very impressed. They also used to have delicious fries that changed with the new chef. I'm not dying to go back.
4	I went here for brunch with the bRUNch group (a group in which you run a 5k and then get rewarded with brunch and beverages) a few weeks ago. Now, maybe I was really hungry from running, but this was pretty delish. I got the short rib hash and it was done right. The eggs were perfectly runny, the short rib was soft and flavorful, the potatoes were good....I'll be honest, I cleaned my plate. The mimosas were also top notch, as was the service. So why only 4 stars? They don't have any pancakes on their menu....why is this important? The husband is allergic to eggs and so he can't have any egg dishes or french toast, but can tolerate pancakes or biscuits and gravy...I wish this place would add some of those items to the menu so I can come here with him! Anyway, if they did that, I would be a regular.
3	North is the Martha Stewart of Italian Restaurants. It is expertly executed but it lacks an authenticity that you want in your local trattoria, an authenticity that really comes through in other local spots like Marcelinos, Veneto, Franco's or Pomo. That doesn't mean that you can't come to enjoy a good meal, a great looking setting, and a fun crowd.
4	I loved my first experience here on a date. I had THE most delicious lasagna ever! Came back last night with family and to my dismay, they had taken it off of the menu :( I still enjoyed my salad and Bolognese but will not be coming back as often.
4	The Zucca chips are delicious and it's a veggie- can't loose there! The Italian Farm salad is fantastic. For an entree I highly recommend the strozzapreti. If you like Kale salads it is great here with the salmon. I admit potatoes are a weakness but their smashed potatoes (not mashed but smashed) are great!
5	Went here for the first time with bRUNch Running Group Phoenix for their Kick off in Pheonix.  Shared the French Toast (OMG!) and the Beef Rib Hash (Yum!) with my running partner.  She had the Peach Bellinni (sp?) and i had the Red Rooster (Bloody Mary). I wasn't a Bloody Mary fan until I had the Red Rooster very tasty, spicy and delish! The food was fabulous!
5	Came to North after a disappointing experience at The Henry with 6 of my friends.  Update to the ladies: the flooring situation is still treacherous, however the hardwood interior seems to have lost some of its shine. After briefly discussing our bad experience at The Henry the waitress thanked us for coming in and made some suggestions including the zucca chips (which we ate 4 bowls of!).  They have some great HH specials at North including a bottle of wine and a pizza for $20!  When the manager noticed our Zucca chips had been dished slightly low he brought an entire extra bowl for the table... what service.  We really had a great time here tonight chatting with the Manager, the servers and each other.  I sincerely feel that any mistake during the dining experience can be overcome by a smile, explanation and apology which was evident tonight when a pizza came out a little late.   I wish I had asked his name but Sam Fox needs to retain this awesome manager; he clearly pitches in, leads by example and was extremely involved in the dinner service.  The patio is beautiful, the food is amazing, and we saw two separate traffic accidents which was crazy.  I enjoyed an AMAZING piece of salmon which I had asked to be cooked well.  It was perfect which I especially appreciate since chef's can sometimes hesitate to overcook fish (which is how I prefer it).  I loved the grain it was served on and the lemon olive oil drizzle just iced the cake.  A friend enjoyed a toffee dessert which was to die for, and since we were celebrating the manager even brought out a celebratory dessert for us to share.  I HIGHLY recommend North for a romantic night out or for HH with friends!
5	North...is Italian for the fucking bomb diggity!!! So I shop at the Fresh and Easy across the street from this place and literally can walk here from my condo...to say the least I kept telling myself I was going to go for like the last few years...but had failed to do so...and since I am part Italian...I felt it almost an obligated duty to check this place out...so tonight on a whim, me and a gf went to see what all the fuss was about. And to say the least..Woohoo! This is as good as it gets when it comes to Italian food. From start to finish, the service, the atmosphere, the food...it all was amazing. We started out with the bruschetta...now this is not your Postino's type bruschetta...this is a do it your self sampler Chef's board bruschetta, with the freshest ingredients I have ever seen. Fresh made bread. Literally I think they made it all from scratch. I think they have some mad scientist in the back, churning fresh butter and making cheese along with growing the vegetables...I am not even kidding...almost filled up on this. I am not a fan of olive's but my date said they were the best she has ever had. So so good. For our main course I got the Chicken Pesto, so good...pesto pesto pesto if you like pesto this is it. Literally so much pesto even the chicken is green, smothered with pine nuts and parm cheese...literally melts in your mouth. She got the Chicken Parm. Simply Amazing...cooked to perfection. An as far as portion size...this thing was HUGE! We kept eating off each others plates...so good. We decided if we get married North will be the place we go every year for our anniversary. We both were so full, neither one of us even had room to try the desert.  But next time Gelato or Tiramisu for sure.I have heard good things about this place, and am really glad we went. I heard it was pricey, but really it is not. Like $70 out the door for the two of us, and that included a few drinks and a standard 20% gratuity. If you have not been here I would highly suggest giving it a try. So good, well worth it. Everything was excellent. Well done Fox Restaurant Concepts. Well done.
4	Love this place!  I'd read about the Sunday all day happy hour, so we made sure to take advantage.  The arrancini appetizer was fantastic!  Fried cheesy risotto goodness in fresh tomato sauce.... Yum!  My favorite is their spaghetti.  I had it with sausage and fresh mozzarella.  It was one of the best bowls of pasta I've ever had.  My husband had the bolognese and really liked it.  For dessert, we had the bombolini.  They were delicious, a perfect small dessert to share.  We will definitely be returning to North again soon!
5	Our first experience this morning at North for brunch was luscious! Excellent food and delightful patio made for a wonderfully relaxing lazy Saturday morning here in Phoenix. Looking forward to our next visit!
4	I do love me some Fox restaurant concepts!This was a great meal, but there is probably better Italian food to be had in the Phoenix area- go for a late dinner, when it's less crowded and service will be more attentive. I should add that my boyfriend did not like the calamari appetizer, but that may just be because he likes things super-fried.
2	This place is disappointing.  I like the open feeling of the place ... even sitting inside feels like I'm outside.  The service we had was adequate.  But the food just isn't all that good. I had the frittata (braised greens, potatoes, smoked mozzarella, arugula, grilled bread).  It sounds so tasty though I was expecting everything to be in the frittata except the bread but the arugula was on the side dressed with too much oil.  No real flavor.  The frittata had been covered with cheese and presumably reheated since it was lukewarm.  It was dry and bland.  I didn't taste any potato at all. The bread was average at best and could have used some butter and herbs.I've been here once before a couple years ago and at that time I felt it was average.  I doubt I will return since it's not very close to me.  I would still consider it a great place for a drink.I also want to address a prior reviewer who said Bolognese was traditionally served with linguine.  That is incorrect.  In Italy it's served with tagliatelle (which is very similar to fettuccine .. one is supposedly wider than the other but most people wouldn't be able to tell the difference).  The restaurant is not in the wrong here.
3	The food and service really was fantastic!!  Just that if I am going to pay this much for food I should be full afterwards. I am a pretty big fan of Fox Restaurants so I am not a hater but overtime I eat at North I leave feeling I didn't get the best value.
4	Great atmosphere, delicious cocktails and yummy food. I loved the Julietta cocktail, the zucca chips, and the pizza with the egg on it. The beet salad was lovely as well. Everything seems fresh and tasty.
4	Only 4 stars? Seriously? Let me explain. With the hostess telling me only 20 minutes, but ended up waiting longer = 4 stars.With a half marathon to run the following day, and ordering just spaghetti and meatballs that was average, but spaghetti and meatballs taste the same for me everywhere = 4 stars.However, the hostess did comp a free appetizer for our long wait, so that was awesome. In addition, the wifey and our friends from out of town had no complaints of the food, so that is deserving of 4 stars. I guess my only complaint is I have to try this place again with ordering something different.Although the place was popping on a Friday night, and it has a great vibe for bringing out of towners or a date night. We will see you again North!
5	North is by far my favorite fox concept restaurant or actually my favorite restaurant in the Arcadia neighborhood.  The food is classic, has just the right amount of seasoning and flavor and is priced just right.  The decor is unique and brings a neighborhood feel to the restaurant as does the wait staff.  I have been numerous times and have had nothing short of an amazing experience.  It's never over crowded and the service is always great.  This is a staple for me in the Phoenix area.
5	What can I say another fabulous Fox Restaurant.  We went for happy hour on Sunday. We got a deal deal on a pitcher of sangria with the chefs board. It was something even a snobby italian like myself truly enjoyed. I would recommend this place again and again.
5	Love this place! The service is great the drinks are good and the food yummy and all at a very reasonable price. The patio is great for dining and they showed tonight they can do well with a large group. The scallops were a little over seasoned but well done you must have the beet salad!!
2	Waited 45 minutes for a salad? Our server didn't check on us and we had little ones with us. The kitchen was backed up... It is a restaurant right, it's what you do? Too bad, we have given this place a chance and every time the service is lacking. Go when you have plenty of time and aren't hungry, it takes a long time to get your food.
2	Overall the service was spectacular! Alyssa was prompt and kept the meal moving without it feeling rushed! You could tell she loved her job and was informed about the menu!The food on the other hand was nothing to write home about. I one word greasy. The oil on the gnocchi and spare ribs could be soaked up with a towel-gross. The cheese tortellini was overly oily as well. The only good dish was the bolognase which had a great flavor! Dessert was good but agin nothing great - we had the tiramisu. This is a neighborhood joint that I will not frequent again.
4	The potatoes here are ridiculously good.  And the castelvetrano olives with that fresh cracked sea salt... oh man. That's the stuff dreams are made of. I could probably be gluttonous and make a meal of olives and potatoes, with a Red Rooster to drink (their version of a bloody mary.)Service is usually good and my food has always come out of the kitchen quickly.  For Sunday brunch at 11am we didn't even have to wait for a table.  Prices are fair for the quality and quantity of food served.  The chicken salad sandwich is amazing.  French toast, yogurt with granola & berries are also very tasty if you're looking for breakfast. Just in case you need extra incentive, its happy hour all day on Sunday at North!
5	Amazing meal. Excellent service. Great outdoor bar while you're waiting for a table. The 25 minute wait went by like it was five minutes. Chicken Parmesan was amazing. As a tip take an Uber here because there's very little parking. But they do offer complimentary valet.
5	I love this place! The people are nice and the food is great. I personally love the sangria, it's the best I've had. Mainly because the fruit is grinded into the drink, making it a little pulpy. The kale salad and calamari are great, and my coworkers really enjoyed the pizzas. I would definitely come back here again. It gets pretty packed though which would be the only downfall, but that's how you know it's good! Wish they had one in SoCal!
4	Four stars because the service in the beginning was less than par. It began to get better as the evening went on. The boards for an appetizer is great and I absolutely loved my dinner of the bolganese. Prices are a little high for the portion size but it's fresh, real food, and good company. Will be back.
3	My wife and I have dined at North countless times over the years at the Tucson and Keirland locations and love the concept - casual Modern Italian.  that being said, the 40th street location could use a little work!  The food is good, but the service isn't up to par.  We ordered the charcuterie and the cutting board had a fat crack in it, and the jam from the dish dripped through the crack all over my pants, which is not a huge deal.  BUT, they didn't handle it that well - no sense of urgency, nothing comped, etc.  I don't usually expect a comp, but the table adjacent to us was getting all kinds of comps because of their meal being delayed!  Very weak if you ask me.
5	Love the vibe; open kitchen in a renovated barn.  I've been here a few times and I always get the same things because they're so good!  Usually started with the Calamari app, lots of arugula which I loved!  I die for the Gnocchi and Short Ribs in a creamy horseradish sauce, yummmm.  My BF always gets the Chicken Parm which fills him up.  Perfect portions and friendly staff!
5	Ridiculously good food!  Great service!  Love the ambience and decor.  A simple modern take on Italian making everything fresh in house and it's just delicious!
5	Went there for lunch and the food was fantastic! There is a free valet which helps as there seems to be limited parking. Their ice tea is a black/passionfruit blend that was very refreshing. Very trendy decor and I would definitely go back!
5	Gnocchi is the bomb. I always get the chicken sandwich for lunch. The apricot sauce just makes the sandwich. Order with the potatoes. The salads are amazing and the pizza is fantastic. I honestly have yet to try something there I do not like. Everything is fresh from homemade pasta to the meats on your Italian sandwich. Love this place.
5	Wow! Little did I know I would go to Arizona and find an awesome Italian restaurant.  I can tell when the taste is beyond good, I've been in great restaurants before...I've even been in Italy, I can tell... This good was so good I pretty much ordered everything on the menu, ate most of it and made me wish I've had a bigger sized stomach.  Seriously, this good is so well done you would not be able to stop eating it.  This was my first time in Arizona and I must say, next time here, I'll be here eating the same amazing food I had.  Meatballs were amazing, so was the Margarita pizza.  I had also artichokes and there was also the truffle chicken pasta,..overall, one of the best places I've been.  Highly recommend it!
4	Recently came here on a double date with another couple & this place is one of our favorite fox concept restaurants.  It's our "must-go" place for dinner whenever our friend visits from out of town. We come here quite often that we routinely order our "usuals".  Our couple friend always gets the spaghetti & meatballs which our friend claims "is the best spaghetti & meatballs ever", margherita pizza and the gluten free bolognese pasta. As for my boyfriend & I, we usually share the "pig" pizza & Italian farm salad. Oh and of course, to complete our amazing meal, us four will share a pitcher of their delicious & refreshing red sangria.  I'm usually not a fan of red wines but this is one that I love. So if you haven't tried this place...definitely DO!!! It's a great place to hang out with friends or a nice date.  And did I forget to mention that they have happy hour all day Sunday!!!...can't beat that.
5	My daughter picked this for her birthday meal. We had been to a Yelp event here in the past and have been wanting to go back and try it. Boy am I glad she picked this place. We started with the grilled artichoke for an appetizer. WOW! I had no clue how much I would love this. It has truffle oil lemon aioli and was amazing. I didn't want to share but did! For my meal, I had an italian salad with Sopressetta and added chicken. The dressing was light and refreshing and the flavor combination was amazing. I love that it was served on a board like the Charcuteri platters. Our server was great. She even showed us how eat the artichoke properly. She kept our drinks full, was attentive and answered all my questions. I loved watching the kitchen prepare all the food, and the atmosphere is great, nice and open and bright. Can't wait to go back and I am not sharing my artichoke next time!
5	Great service, decor, and FOOD,I've only eaten here once, but highly recommend the bolognese pasta, strozzapreti, chicken parm & zucca chips!The pastas are fresh and the flavors & portions are great!
4	Great food, great location and great staff.  The complimentary valet parking was a plus and made it hassle free to get inside the restaurant.  The layout is very nice and I love the atmosphere is emits.  Great for groups if you can reserve the seating.
5	The first time I tried to GPS "North" Google Maps laughed at me. "Really Irene? There are hundreds of streets that start with North." Despite my lack of inherent navigational guidance I found my way there. Dinner was a joy with a large group of people. I enjoyed the spinach pasta. Absolutely no feeling of guilt as it was so heavenly. I *did* regret missing Happy Hour. (It runs until 6pm. Wine is $4 a glass! Sangria and beer too!) I loved the ambiance and the incredible space. It was perfectly loud for new friends to have a good time. With gusto!Fast forward to breakfast and I fell in love with the "Short Rib Hash". Eggs are involved. (Mom was doing it wrong all these years.) I forked my way through a gluttonous serving. Then I hoover'd down my neighbor's french toast. (The joys of communal eating.) The Red Rooster drink had just the kick of spice. I might have had two. (Shhh!)Tonight I enjoyed a true Happy Hour. Vanessa at the bar is just *wonderful*. Full of energy she worked the bar. By that I mean she sprinkled her magic fairy dust and created smiles. (I didn't want to leave! Neither did any of my bar stool neighbors:) Hearing how much I enjoyed dark beers Vanessa offered  a Moretti by La Rossa. Vanessa is amazing at what she does. North Italia provides excellent fare. Be sure to sample the pizzas! I had the special of the day. The crust is right up there with New York style crisp. Heaven. (And a steal at $8!)Save me a bar stool during HH. (Two can share a bottle of wine *and* pizza for $20!) I can't wait to go again!
5	Driving over 2300 miles in three days wears. It also wears when you have your father in the car and in order to have a conversation, you have to constantly repeat yourself because he refuses to admit he needs to get hearing aids.Phoenix was our last stop before home: Los Angeles. I was determined to treat ourselves, since New Orleans and the McDonald's in Fort Stockton were terrible disappointments, so I picked North Italia. I'm not even one for Italian food, to be honest. Why should I pay $15 for a tomato smashed into a pasta, made of flour and eggs? I mean, seriously. Not that hard, not terribly flavorful.Until, of course, I found this place. There was one instance where I actually liked italian food, and it was at Michael Chiarello's restaurant up in Yountville, where you have to secure a reservation two months early along with the Keller restaurant group.Obviously, I'm going to start with a drink. I believe it was called the Julietta, a vodka, elderflower, and prosecco mixed drink that came with a pretty flower as a garnish. It became my new favorite in all the ones I've had between the pacific and east coast. Yelp told me to get the zucca chips, so I did, because I am a sheep. Baaah. That's sheep for, "You should get it. They're flash fried zucchini chips that taste like a slightly salty cloud, and are the perfect appetizer that won't fill you up before your meal."Deciding on an entree was difficult. You see, the short rib and ricotta gnocchi looked good but - let's be real here - gnocchi is one of the easiest pastas to screw up. I went to a michelin star rated restaurant and ordered gnocchi thinking, "How could they?" and ended up getting an answer. So my expectations were certainly low. Instead, I was given pillowy pasta, with deep hints of ricotta, and some of the most amazing braised short rib I've ever had. Anywhere else usually makes their short rib saltier than the lick the cows get as a treat - but this, oh no. This was heaven. I could taste the beef in this spectacular sauce, and it was so good and simple. Never underestimate the power of simplicity. Good lord.My dad had the strozzapretti, which I was not expecting to be good for some reason. I don't know, I have a crazy relationship with pasta. They hand-make it all in house, and just like the gnocchi, I felt as if I could eat it forever. Chicken, mushroom, fresh al dente pasta in a parmesan cream sauce. Amazing.For dessert we had italian donuts with a vanilla marscapone sauce, and their nutella budino. The budino, topped with toasted hazelnuts, was great, but my favorite were the donuts. Airy things, dusted with granulated sugar and swept up with sauce, were the perfect way to end the evening. I was humbled, to be honest, and actually contemplated coming back out there with my boyfriend just to take him to the restaurant. It's still up for consideration, actually.Make a reservation well in advance, I have a feeling this place isn't going to have slow nights anytime soon.
5	Amazing as always. The service is great. The food is delicious. The decor is farm-dreamy. But, what else could you expect from Sam Fox? I'd recommend the chicken (chef worried I didn't have enough sauce first time I ordered it and sought my table out with an additional bowl just in case) or the spaghetti (noodles very clearly made in house and out of this world).
4	Love checking out new spots and saw this advertised in an AZ newspaper then yelped it and had to check it out. It's a simple spot with great good. We had the grilled artichoke that was tasty with the lemon zest aioli. We had a prosciutto, fig and arugula pizza delicious! They were accommodating to sub mushrooms on one half because my friend didn't eat prosciutto. The hostess were sweet and helpful and we called ahead to put our name on the list. Our server was  very attentive and fun. We had a great experience.
2	Daughters and wife took me here for Fathers Day, promptly seated on the patio around a great round table (party of 5) off to a great start !  We sat and sat ,.. 5  minutes before anyone said Boo! Then five glasses and a carafe of tepid water were placed on our table by someone who quickly ran away. Another five minutes, and our server swings by asks curtly if we have any questions about the menu, we ask a couple to which we get rote answers, she flys off leaving us with no more information than when she showed up. She disappears for another 5 minutes before she comes back to take our order (we are now into our adventure 15 minutes) Orders are made around the table, and just as she takes a step to leave again, I stop her to ask if we might order some drinks? "Oh Sure" we place 3 drink orders,.. and ask about portion size of an appetizer, she confirms we need two,.. for our table of 5, I say "fine ..lets do two" 5 minutes later our drinks arrive (minuscule),  and 10 minutes after that our food arrives. No appetizers!  When asked, our server replies with "Oh I thought you were just asking what it was,.. I didn't know you wanted some" amnesia taking over for the whole "If we order these,..how many do we need?" conversation,.. not totally surprising as that conversation was now 20 minutes old.By now,.. you have the flavor of the service,,.... slow, inattentive and well,.. absentminded.  (and this is the kinder/gentler me saying this)OK,.. that said,.. the food was A++ very good and plenty of it. (the only reason I did not give it 1 star) I am hoping this was an off day for the wait staff at North, because the competition in Arcadia is fierce,.. many options consistently outperform my Father's Day experience at North,.. I love FRC's food,.. but this service experience has repeated across several FRC restaurants, Sam; at your prices, you gotta get that service piece down!
5	First time at North. Had lunch on a Sunday afternoon, drawn to the gluten free options.  For the six of us, we ordered the Happy Hour Bottle and Board, Steamed Muscles, Fonduta, Beet Salad, Tuscan Basil Tomato Soup (2), a side of pasta, Spaghetti and the daily Pizza. We also added a glass of Malbec Red Wine and two cokes for $114. Only $19 per person including apps and drinks. Good deal there. The charcuterie board was excellent. It had salami, spicy pepperoni, two cheeses, garlicky olives, candied apricot bits, asparagus, bread and some tasty nuts. For the meals, everyone enjoyed their plate. Mine was the pizza - a white pizza with smoked mozzarella, pepperoni and basil. It was the first white pizza I'd had in 20 years. Excellent pie. The service is definitely worth mentioning: Melissa gave us the perfect amount of attention, made menu suggestions, had good rapport with her customers and a charming smile. She made our meal better!We will be returning, with more guests!
2	I'm an Italian-American from the NJ/NY area. Sorry, North doesn't do it for me. Some of the flavor ideas/combinations to me are a little bizarre and don't work. The ricotta gnocchi with short rib and horseradish crema to me was like eating a steak sandwich, rather than a pasta dish.  I just wasn't a fan of the flavors-well, the horseradish crema-which was the ONLY flavor in the dish. And as another reviewer pointed out, the pasta did have some oil (or butter?) visibly separating, which was a little unappetizing. My husband had the "house specialty," the pasta bolognese, which also wasn't so good. Limp pasta and sausage-heavy bolognese. -No depth of flavor, one note.  Sorry, fresh, delicious pasta dishes shouldn't be that hard to achieve for an Italian restaurant.  Fox Concepts' Olive and Ivy is much better!!!  It's consistently great. I also happened to have a yummy pasta dish at Fox Concepts' Arrogant Butcher - it was a sweet potato pasta dish. When combined with some of my husband's steak, that was pretty delicious. Without the meat for some savoriness, it was a bit sweet.
5	North was a very very great place. The ambience was great! It's a big open area, but very intimate. Our server was very quick and happy to serve us. I feel service besides the food is very important, bc if my service sucks my experience and appetite are lost. The Artichoke I had was amazing and I had never had one! Incredible first experience and appetizer.I had the steak and it was cook perfectly and very well seasoned.I will be going back. It's very inviting!
5	How can you not like everything about this place? BEST SPAGHETTI I have ever had! And really, who orders spaghetti out when it's so easy to make? No one, but you must!  Just happened upon it and wow, are you kidding me? It's like the evil critic in Ratatouille when he ate the ratatouille and was just transformed and mesmerized. A basic dish and yet still so fantastically good!  So, yes, all home-made pastas of course, fabulous environment, just a wonderful place. Oh the spicy shrimp spaghetti is amazing too. Sam Fox gets ALL my money!
5	Mmmm is all I need to say. Everything I had was GOOD: sangria, toasted parmesan bread (make sure to ask for bread!), mussels, simple salad (such good gorgonzola!), and the bolognese pasta. Seriously, excellent quality and reasonable prices, unlike many places around here (like other fox restaurants). The inside is a bit loud, but it is nice and spacious, kind of an industrial-farmhouse vibe. Server was friendly. Not much parking, but valet was easy. I would definitely make this place one of my regular places!
5	From taking our reservation, and allowing us to change it till later, to the complimentary valet retrieving our car at the end of our meal, service and attention to detail was outstanding. And the food! We started with the chef's board of meats and cheeses, and loved every crumb. The server told us they prepared everything from scratch, and it tasted like it.For entrees we had the bolognese pasta, gluten free, and the storpretezzi pasta, also gluten free. Both were so flavorful and rich, we couldn't finish them and had them for lunch the next day.Because it was my wife's birthday they gave us a dessert of sorbet, and made us feel special. We will be going there again, and again!
5	My favorite place for fantastic food, service (the entire staff is amazing) and atmosphere.
5	Amazing restaurant! Their chef is really thinking out of the box. It doesn't matter whether you have brunch or dinner, you will have great food and great service! The flavors are fantastic! If there was ever a time to step out of your comfort zone and try something new, this is it! Go with a group and eat family style. Try it all! YUM!
5	Incredible dining experience!!!  All the pasta is home made.  Came with a group of friends and literally everything we tried was amazing!!!  I had the chicken pesto pasta, tried the Bolognese and the gnocchi was to die for.  On top of that, we got a few desserts that were incredible.  From the Mussels to the pasta to dessert to the coffee, this place will tantalize your taste buds down to the last bite.  I consider myself a foodie and very hard to please, and I'm walking away a happy man with a very happy stomach.  Enjoy.
4	Been here twice, pizza and appetizers were great. Service was great, our waitress was very friendly. Deserts are not that tasty.
4	At first I wasn't impressed with food but kept coming back for the drinks. Then we discovered the meatball appetizer, and the Bolognese pasta dish...Very good! Perhaps my palate has matured our changed or something! Definitely a great spot. They make their pasta in shop. Great drinks and decent beer selection. Give it a try! Favorite drink : The Julietta, vanilla and ginger infused vodka with prosecco. So ridiculously good!
5	This was my first time here.  I liked the atmosphere although it was pretty noisy.  Our server at first seemed like she was not in a great mood but by the end of the evening, she was great.  We started with the cheese and meat board.  Best I have had!!  The portions were generous and so delicious!  We also had the Calamari and it was also the best I have had.  I have had these two dishes in many restaurants and I will totally be back just for these two items!!  There were six of us and everyone raved about their food.  It was fun watching the guy make homemade pastas in their open kitchen.  They have a good happy hour and I will definitely be back to try several other items on the menu!
5	Hands down phenomenal service with a smile along with the best dishes - not leaving a single bite left in the plate. Started with steamed mussels $12, then the Italian farm salad (salami, green olives, roasted red peppers, tomato, cucumber, mixed greens, provolone cheese and Italian vinaigrette) on a bruschetta board $12, and finished with the medium rare NY strip entree $34. Too full for dessert. I love coming here!! Valet service was great!
4	North has improved since I first came here. Their portion sizes are much larger than my first visit, making it a much better value for the money. I really love the chicken pesto and the chicken parmigiana, both have fresh sauces with homemade pasta. Service has been very good, as well as friendly. They have a fantastic all day happy hour on Sunday with discounted food and 1/2 price bottles of wine. They also have a delicious weekend brunch. The baked french toast is amazing, and they offer a cool twist on the Bloody Mary called the Red Rooster. I'm glad I gave North a second chance.
4	Excellent food! We ordered the meat/cheese appetizer which was a lot of food! We could have just eaten that. The homemade pasta is excellent, service is exceptional. My only very slight minus is the noise level. A bit noisy for my taste, although I would return.
5	The food and the service are outstanding.  When I visited Phoenix, I was looking for a local restaurant with good food.  Needless to say, I was not disappointed.
1	The first time I went I had the short ribs which I will give 2 out of 5. I went back yesterday to celebrate a friends brirthday, and the staff were very friendly and professional but the food was a different story. I figured you can't go wrong with a pizza and ordered the Funghi pizza and oh boy was I wrong. The pizza was extremely salty and had too much oil. They offered to remake it with less salt and when it came out it was the same. Very disappointed by the simple fact they  can't make a simple pizza.
5	Great Restaurant Week menu.  Proscuitto wrapped pork was perfect and creative cocktails to top off the evening.
5	Great layout, ambiance, and food! Fig and prosciutto pizza is the perfect amount of sweet and savory. The chocolate tart for dessert was decadent.
5	This review was a bit late but we went here a few months ago for my friends Birthday and it was great. Between the apps, meals and desserts we were all happy. I don't remember what everyone ordered but I remember sharing the calamari dish and the cheese,meat and veggie chef  board and they were great we could not get enough. For my entree I ordered the the Riccota Gnocchi with braised short ribs, the Gnocchi was perfectly cooked and the braised short ribs melted in your mouth. A lot of us shared our entrees with others and I got to try the bolognese with fresh pasta and there is nothing like eating fresh pasta, I also tried the fig and  prosciutto  pie and that was awesome (besides the goat cheese I do not like goat cheese. Don't judge me). I ended my night with the Bombolini , I also shared these with others and loved them along with tasting the salted caramel budino. next time I go back I am set on getting the bolognese and the Salted caramel budino. I def suggest going here the service was on point also.
4	My family and I ate here for the first time a few weeks ago and we really enjoyed ourselves. The pizza was delicious and the kale salad was out of this word. Our server was very helpful and was quick to take care of our orders and make sure our drinks stayed fresh. The atmosphere is nice here as well, very spacey and thanks to the abundance of windows very well lit. We got the pizza and salad special for $20 and that was more than enough for my wife and I. Then the kids split a "kids" sized pepperoni pizza, which again was more than enough. I would certainly recommend this place for a nice pizza and even a salad.
5	Incredible!  Love, love, loved it. **nailed it**. Such a great atmosphere.  The food was incredible and the service top notch. I would definitely recommend North to anyone looking for one of the best restaurants phoenix has to offer. Amazing!
5	Had a business lunch here recently and just love the restaurant. Our server was new; but, he was being trained by another waitress. Both were equally friendly and enthusiastic about the menu and were very attentive to our table. We were seated on the protected patio outdoors--but I enjoyed the decor and lighting inside, as well. Sort of "urban farmhouse". Two of us at the table order the chopped kale salad and the other had a pizza with a variety of meats on top. For drinks we just had ice tea which was fine. The chopped kale salad absolutely hit the spot. It was mixed in with little bits of diced pancetta, egg, tomato, and gorgonzola. The dressing was light and bright and really enhanced the flavor of the kale. The salad was very filling. I  had a hard time choosing after looking at the other tables around us, as everything looked and smelled delicious and was brightly prepared and presented. I'm pleased to learn that we have a North restaurant as well in Colorado and hope to visit there soon to try some of the pizza and other salads!
1	I will start out by admitting I judge harshly. That being said, the main reason I give it such a low rating is the mussels were spoiled! I love mussels with a nice piece of bread to soak up the juice. But if the cooks didn't smell the fowl smell these dead mussels were giving off, then they should not be in the kitchen. I'm not the one who ordered them, so it wasn't my place to send them back or complain, and didn't want to cause a scene in front of my husband and his business associates, but oh my. It was bad. I spit it out and wiped my tongue with a napkin. My husband ordered scallops. 3 scallops with a swoosh of cauliflower puree, $25??? And they were undercooked!My spaghetti and meatballs? Well, I think the meatballs were premade, frozen, then microwaved to reheat. They were hard and rubbery. I could not cut them with the fork.The server was nice. But I don't see why anyone would want to spend so much money for this food when you could make it so much better yourself. Well maybe you hate cooking. I understand. Call me. I'll make it for you, fresh, in your home.
4	We went for brunch really liked atmosphere and the service was great I had the mushroom risotto as an appetizer and although it wasn't super flavorful it was still really good because we use the sauce for the bread that came extra and I also had a spinach and mushroom scramble it was really good maybe could've used some more to use the potatoes were amazing and my friend had some sort of prime rib hash which he absolutely lovedAlso they let my pup come and be out on the porch
3	You know when you have that long-time crush that you finally get to go on a date with, and while you're there you're all giddy and smiling, but once you get home you realize that it wasn't all it was cracked up to be?  That's my experience with North.I went to meet a friend for their happy hour, and it was an absolutely gorgeous day so we sat at the bar outside.  The patio is very inviting, comfortable so it was nice to enjoy our meal out there.  The thing is, that is honestly the best part about North; the atmosphere.  Overall it's hip, casual, and seemingly a great date place, but the heart of the matter (the food) is solidly mediocre.  We got the cheese and meat board, which was enjoyable but nothing extraordinary, and I took a salad and pizza to go.  Now, while I was there swilling my glass of wine, I was thinking about how much I was enjoying North and how I couldn't believe I hadn't been there earlier.  However when I got home with my food I realized that I had been under the "everyone thinks that guy is hot" aphrodisiac, because my salad and pizza were pretty disappointing.  The salad was TINY!!!  And I mean smaller-than a-side-salad tiny.  For $11 I expect to at least be half full after that.  And the pizza was okay, not great so it was an 0 for 2 on the take home scale.I truly did enjoy the dining atmosphere at North, so I would go back to try the happy hour again, but if I'm looking for an all-encompassing food, wine and ambiance experience, then I will definitely go elsewhere.
5	Not sure if this is my kazillionth review (lol) anyway, I had the Arancini which was delicious!!! It was rice meatball, breaded with a delicious sauce. I like the personnel, as they are very friendly and attentive and not to mention it is (literally) 3 minutes from home All in all, a great place to dine. Be it with a date, your friend or your spouse.
5	Best bolognese! Gluten-free pasta also available and is very delicious (no extra charge for the GF pasta, which was very nice, as many places charge for GF options). Staff was prompt and courteous...present, but not overbearing. A++
4	Homemade pasta and pizza... Awesome. Calamari... Horrible.Overall amazing vibe, if you want bread be sure to ask for it right away and don't miss out on the amazing cocktail menu.Would have given 5 stars, but the calamari was not fresh or cleaned properly... The solution? I don't order calamari here anymore and everything else is AMAZING.
5	I'm a bit biased since I live in the neighborhood...but, I can eat my weight in pasta at North.The bolognese, which no joke I've eaten once a week for the last month..is amazing and I don't overuse that word like a typical white girl.The open air bar is perfect this time of year and since I dine alone, it's really nice to always meet fun people.Happy hour is solid and the bartenders are friendly..double thumbs up
5	Amazing food!  My husband and I decided we would share The Pig pizza and Pesto Chicken pasta and we could not have been happier.  The fresh pasta made the pesto amazing....We also decided to try the tasty sangria which was so refreshing also!  If you are thinking about going just do it!  You will not be disappointed...
5	Get to North on 40th street at least once a week, sometime more. Each meal over the years have always been right on. Food - quality, portions, and most importantly, taste is always great. Service - staff is always personable and upbeat, professional/efficient friendly. Managers - are visible and welcoming, making sure the momentum between the kitchen and the servers are running smoothly.  Bar - friendly, attentive, and great attitude.
4	"A wonderful evening and dining experience!"  We were greeted warmly by the Assistant GM Jonas and offered a table on the patio, but opted for inside due to the Heat in July.  Misters were nice on the patio, but still wanted a cooler setting.  We sat in a wonderful high top table directly facing the kitchen and were able to watch all the amazing chefs create delicious looking dishes.  BTW.....try one of the meat or cheese boards.  :).  Our Server Kyle did an amazing job!  We started off with the steamed mussels in a savory wine and garlic broth with small amounts of Italian spicy meats.  Delicious fresh mussels served with great toasted dipping bread!  If you like mussels, you will love this dish. My girl had never been to North and I forgot to order the Zucs!  A must have at North......"just order them".... You will Love them!  We then ordered the spicy shrimp pasta dish and shared it and it was delicious.  Great homemade pasta, savory shrimp with a slight kick, but not to spicy and great secret flavors.  (Leaks were used to make the sauce).  We also forgot to to order a salad prior to our pasta and were encouraged to try the seasonal veggie salad. Next time for sure. ( we paired our meal with a wonderful bottle of a Red Blend.."Dreaming Tree"...moderately priced and very nice....not to big and dry, just nice and only $26 as I recall. We ended our great meal with an Epic chocolate tort/moose with a delicious rich nuttela sauce on it.  Overall...great food, good pricing, fantastic service and a fun place.  The only reason not 5 stars was its a bit noisy, but you quickly get acclimated to it!  Thanks Jonas and Kyle....you both did great!  We will be back.....
4	Last night after landing back in Phoenix after a week of traveling under my belt/wings again, my boyfriend took me for dinner at North Italia in Arcadia. I have had this FRC place on my 'must try soon' list for some time. I had to dodge in after our car was valeted, (complimentary, btw), and get out of my poly/wool/mostly poly tho uniform that would def show who I work for and what I do when I work; yeah. That's always good for some looks. Girl with wings on on a Saturday dodging right into a restaurants restroom for a quick change and hair down so she can have the much needed drink after flying all week! So 3 minutes later I am a new looking girl and we were promptly seated. Our table was 'European style' seating: small table for two next to other twos near the open Italian kitchen. Our waiter was on it and right there to take our orders, but my boyfriend let him know we needed a few minutes to collect ourselves and do a quick catch up. He was sweet and said that since we had our drinks, a pitcher of the red sangria my boyfriend had stocked us with while waiting at the bar for my quick-change and our table, he would check with us in a few minutes and that there was no rush. That is nice because how often are you seated and felt rushed to order?! Our red sangria was just sweet enough and yet not too sweet made with blood orange and brandy to cut too much 'sweet' out. We decided on ordering a few small plates for nibbling with our sangria. We ordered the combo of charcuterie of meats and cheeses and seasonal roasted veggies. It also came with a great sweet/tart chutney that paired nicely with the fresh mozzerella and spicy salami. The bread, which is house made, and one of things you can see in the open kitchen concept, was toasted and amazing. That could have been my entire dinner, happily! We also shared the roasted artichoke that comes with a alioli for dipping. Just enough garlic and tad of parmesan cheese and roasted nicely. Our favorite small plate tho was the Fonduta. Rich melted, warm Italian cheese served in a black iron pan and topped with a sweet tomato jam for dipping more toasted bread in. We were full after sharing these small plates. The menu is very vast: PIzzas,homemade pastas, meats and seafoods to pair with a nice wine/local beer list and several housemade cocktails with a Italian spin on most. We stayed and moved over to the bar because we liked the ambience and vibe of North so much. We had another wine and our friends joined us. We ALMOST had dessert because that menu also looked so tempting. This place is another FRC great. The patio looked amazing with a huge fireplace that had a roaring fire; outdoor seating to the bar; clean restrooms and cool decor. That coupled with a great menu and vibe and fresh made entrees all make for a great place! Oh. There is also, The Rocket. North's 'food truck' that does private events. We asked about it as it drove into the North parking lot. Apparently it has a brick oven on board! NOW, I am wondering what I can book and use The Rocket for! Cool idea! Thanks for the great night, North!
1	Bad Service, The manager came over to say hi he said he the GM he took his glasses off 3-4 times to clean them not a sanitary thing to do. This place is just another fox group rip off! Sam Fox is A TOOL!!
5	Love this restaurant! Great food, great atmosphere, and great service!
4	I'm a huge fan of North in Scottsdale, so I decided to drop by this North with a colleague after work....it's the same owners, so it should be the same, right?  WRONG!!  This place is totally different from the Scottsdale location.  The menu is different, the vibe is different.  What a weird experience....but it was good.  The food is very good, I had the Spinach Tortelloni....yum!  I washed it down with a glass of Vino.  Their Wine selection is decent, I had the Super Tuscan.Service is good, but the parking is tough....parking is always challenging in this area, especially when it's busy.  Overall, it was a good experience.Return Factor - 75%
4	Just tried this place and LOVED it. We started with Spicy Lobster Bisque (soup of the day)... holy WOW!  This soup was so creamy, slightly spicy, rich, decadent... delicious.  I wound up ordering the Patata Pizza and was in love.  Great crust, the egg was done perfectly, and the cheese was almost meaty.  The BF ordered the Grinder sandwich and it was equally tasty.  The service was... new.  Sweet, sweet girl, but brand new and a little awkward.  She will do well in time.   I will definitely be back for more.
5	Awsome Service and Food.The NORTH ARCADIA location it is amazing. The service as always was impressive! Food is great and atmosphere is excellent!Make sure you don't wear a plad shirt or you will blend with the staff!
