4	My hard drive crashed on my computer and Apple told me that they recommend a 3rd party company to retrieve my data. Like most Americans I am totally Apple Brainwashed so I did what they said. This company came back and told me that it would cost between $1800 & $2400 to retrieve my data. I asked for them not to precede and got my computer back. I walked into this location, told them my problem and $199 later got all my data put on to my external hard drive. I am very thankful for them and would recommend them to anyone in need!
1	THIEVES AND CON ARTISTS! Even the States Attorney and Better Business Bureau agree with me!Set up a wireless connection in my home. Sent a guy that had no idea what he was doing. I have done the exact same in my old house in 45 minutes. Took 4 hours and kept going out in the car and talking on the phone. Charged $435! The next day I complained to the manager and he said the next time I needed service to let him know and he would comp $270 of the service. Called 32 days later to have a video card installed. The guy came out and tried to bill me and I told him about the manager and he said he was not authorized to do the credit. Called the manager and he said "that does not cover video card installation". I refused to pay and they force charged my credit card for $160. I called corporate and they said that it is a franchise, but that they would contact the District Manager to take care of it. The District Manager said he would have them refund the money and then called and said they refused. I filed with the Attorney General and BBB and they said I had to wait in line for all the complaints about them. They could not force them to refund the money, only file the complaints. The statement they gave was such a fabrication and so far from the truth that it was laughable. They tried to claim they never said they would comp anything and that I did not pay for the 2nd service even though I sent the receipt with the complaint.AVOID THIS PLACE, AS YOU WILL REALLY REGRET IT!
1	Their expertise consist of a former web designer. Great if your looking for a website--If not RUN this place has horrible management! And the prices....well just call and find out for yourself!
