4	4 stars because they carry Blue Bell Ice Cream (which is odd for a place trying to mimic a real NY deli). I had the Brox Bomber (corned beef, pastrami, provalone, mayo and mustard) with a side of mayonaise potatoe salad. It was good and quick.Downtown Chandler has really won me over.
4	Delicious deli subs. They offer the standards - turkey, ham, roast beef and their own deluxe version of the same. The Bronx Bomber, the ASU, grilled paninis, and the like. The potato salads tasted like they are made in house and are excellent and the brownies, which conveniently sit by the register are also made in house and absolutely delicious. Prices are really reasonable and if I needed a sub ever day then you would find me here!
4	The guy in front of me in line says to the gal at the cash register in a heavy New York accent, "Damn, your sandwich's, there like crack, man!" She smiles.  Me and the bruiser, well we have absolutely nothing in common, with the exception of my 100% agreement with his position on the sandwiches being addictive. I had another amazing, crazy fresh sandwich of sourdough, turkey and avocado and gave thought to after chewing one half daintily to just shoving the second half in my mouth whole so that my tastebuds wouldn't scream for the deliciousness between bites...the sandwichs, there like crack, man!!!
4	There's nothing new York about it really,but the owners there and he's nice!had lilys turkey cranberry which was good!a foot long will definitly be a leftover meal!
1	Had to give this one ONE BIG YUCH!
4	I miss this place... I used to ride my bike to this Deli quite often when I lived near downtown Chandler before I moved away.  Now I work near downtown Chandler and now I get the opportunity to return and I must say the quality of food is still there and very good.  There's a wide range of deli-type sandwiches always hand made and a choice of hot and cold stuff... salads and deserts too.Just about every time I go in there Chandler PD is in there picking up food or eating in.... If the local cops eat there - you know it's good :)Ray (owner) seems very involved in local news too and is a great guy to talk to when you're there.  Enjoy
4	For a fast food chain alternative NY NY is pretty good.  I've been a couple times and enjoyed my sandwich.  Today I had a small meatball sub - $4.99 with a nice pickle spear.  Freshly prepared food is worth waiting an extra couple of minutes.So much better than Subway or Quiznos.  The owner and folks working here seem pretty friendly and genuine.If this were closer to my office I would visit more often.
3	The service was fast and friendly.  The restaurant was clean.  I had the Italian sandwich; I can't remember it's menu name, but it was the one with Italian meats, seasonings, and oil and vinegar.  I wish I would've loved it, but to me, it was just OK.  Perhaps it was because I got it to go and had to wait 20 minutes before digging in?  The price was reasonable at about $5 for the small sandwich.  The location is not near to where I work or live, so it won't become my go-to deli, but I wouldn't be opposed to giving it another try in the future.
4	Great stop for a fresh and tasty sandwich. Friendly staff and easy parking makes this a regular lunch spot for me in downtown Chandler.
3	Small place in the downtown Chandler area, and pretty busy around the lunch hour.  I tried  their Philly, which was about a 3.5, and my girl tried their buffalo chicken wrap(she gave it a 3.0).Friendly service and clean, with owner on site.
4	Nothing better than having a deli right next to work. Ray and his wife are very personable, always joking with customers, which gives this place a neighborhood feel. They also carry local newspapers which you can take for free, as well as draw a majority of the local PD and FD, adding to the local connection.The first time I ate here, I have to admit, I was shocked by the quality of the food. The hot sandwiches are the best, and stacked with meat so they actually fill you up, as opposed to a Subway. If you happen to be there on a day when his wife has made a baked good, don't pass it up. Her brownies are gooey works of art.
2	Being from NY, I have been dying to try this place, but must say I was DEEPLY disappointed! Claiming it is NY Style is a lot to live up to and false advertising. The menu has many items that they no longer carry with a piece of paper covering them. Nothing on the menu is reminiscent of the City. In NY we have hoagies filled with stuff, Italians with the works, the classic meatball, Boards Head deli meats on display. There are no paninis there.  The selection boasts "Chandler Style Subs and even a California style something, but NO NY menu items in sight. My girlfriend and I both had the Tuscan Style Chicken Panini which was suppose to come on herb-roasted foccacia, but your choices were white or wheat. It was very watery and had no flavor. We had to keep adding salt and pepper. The side dish choice was either potato salad or a pickle. We both chose the potato salad, which came in a 2 FORKFUL bite size.There seemed to be no soup options on the menu, but when at the counter it said their soup of the day was chili. Where were the desserts? No NY cheesecake, no nothing. I didn't even see the ice cream someone else mentioned on here. The deli display case was completely empty, except for a few bottled waters, 2 gatorades and one loaf of deli meat, not a pleasing sight.  For $8.44 including tax, I believe that it was not a worthy experience. I am truly being honest and feel that's important because anyone that will go to this place expecting that it will be any way similar to the food you can get in NY, would be sorely mistaken.
4	Good sandwiches, great lunch specials. The Bomma is my favorite, but you pretty much can't go wrong here.
4	Great sandwiches , the best corn beef and pastrami , order the bomber!  so GOOOD!
3	Having lived in NYC, this is definitely not a NY Fresh Deli. I was expecting a lot higher quality and quantity. The wrap (Chicken Ceasar) was small, and the side (potato salad) was inside of a togo ketchup cup. Literally a spoon and a half full. Thats a side? Huh? Not anywhere I've lived. Food tasted, OK, but definitely not great. Just OK. The convenience of the place is good and its nice and clean. In the end, it should be renamed as the the Chandler Fresh Deli or something else.
