2	The Good:  A few good beers on tap (potentially good cocktails).  Small menu.  Good Bartender.The Bad:  Server who appeared to have never been in customer service before.  She didn't really speak English and when I tried to speak French she acted as though she couldn't understand me.  Didn't check on me after I tasted my food (explain the food below).The Ugly:  I was excited that this restaurant came to my neighborhood since Cotes-Des-Neiges is full of awful restaurants.  They had both of my favorite starters, Tuna and Beef Tartare.  The restaurant was new so it was clean so I decided to try them.  The tuna seemed off colored and just didn't taste right so I moved to the steak tartare.  The steak was cut into strips which didn't seem right because that can lead to a chewy experience.  BUT, I thought, if the beef is tender enough I guess it will work.  I took a bite and couldn't swallow it.  The beef tasted 'off' and I had to go to the bathroom to spit it out.  Maybe it was just a really cheap sirloin.The End:  After a couple bites of each I asked for a check (in French to the server, who couldn't understand what I was asking for in French or English and so the Bartender asked and understood what I was saying in French).  Not once was I asked what I thought of the food.Recommendations:  Work on customer service.  Hire professional wait staff that know a lot about customer service.  Use high quality ingredients, charge an extra buck or two if you have to.  These things may seem too expensive at first but if you can get locals coming back then you'll stay in business.  Save $ on these things up front and we'll see what business goes in next in a year or two.Then again, it IS Cotes-Des-Neiges so maybe there are so many bad places to eat that this place will fool people.I hope they up there game because there's only 1 good restaurant on Cotes-Des-Neiges at this point.  Unfortunately my stomach is hurting right now so I don't think I'll be back to this place.
5	Cote-des-Neiges has not always been known for its upscale and trendy restaurants. Despite some few good adresses, it has always been viewed as a mecca for cheap (but still tasty!) food. With the openings of a few notable restaurant in the last years and with Tais-toi et mange we are now onto something. In fact, this beautiful and hip place opened its door last summer and just from the outside you could see that the atmosphere is more Saint-Laurent than the usual Cote-des-Neiges we know.Now as for the food, I remember their initial menu was a cuisine which consist of a fusion between spanish and korean food, which was quite unusual but the end product was extremely tasty and different...in a good way. Now I went back yesterday to realize that the type of cuisine has completely changed to southern food. It was a bit of a shock at first because I really did enjoy the idea of the korean touche being a fan of this type of cuisine but after one bite of my salmon tartar, i understood that they may have changed the type of cuisine but the quality and innovation of the meal had not changed one bit. In fact, the salmon tartar had a touch of lemongrass in it and it changed from the usual way that tartar is usually made. Same goes for the beef tataki, a simple yet effective meal I thought had a different twist from the other places because of the gochujang that was added. Followed a Cobb Salad that I can only describe as eccletic with full of texture. Also, the day we went (tuesday) there was a special Ladies night, and who doesnt love a free drink ? There seems to be a promotion every day so it might be a good idea to drop by and check their promos. And even without their specials, the price of the food is quite affordable. Overall, an amazing place that I highly recommend in an area where trendy place has not always been the norm. Who knows, cote-des-neiges might become the next hot spot.
