2	God I hate K-Mart, but this one is so close to my house, I end up here rather than Target when I need household essentials.  I dunno, something about this place is just so... sterile.  I don't like it.
2	LOL......I (Sheila) had never been to a K-Mart in my life!So there happened to be one in the shopping complex we were in, so naturally we walked in.I wasn't missing much... everything was cheap, store was a bit messy and had lots of shoppers.Really goes without saying -  I will not be coming back.... ever!
2	It seems like when we come here looking for things, they just don't have what we want.  Too bad the company is a shell of its former self.  It is an OK place when you want staples at a good price, but this is way out of my area and we only stop here when we think they might have something we need.When will I learn?
2	I hate to admit it that this was my first time going to K-mart. I've always gone to Walmart, but as I was in the area and just needed a notebook, I stopped in here. I can't say if this is better or worse than other K-marts, but compared to Walmart this place has room for improvement. The staff was super friendly, but I found this place to be as expensive as office supply stores for some pens and a notebook. I got my notebook, but I don't think I'll be going back unless I'm in a bind.
4	K-Mart seems to be a perpetual running joke even when it isn't doing anything wrong.While it's easy to dismiss the store as simply "LOLZ K-Mart.... Derp!" and call it a day, they do carry good appliances (no doubt as a result of their partnership with Sears), and K-Marts are usually a good place to get cheap electronic media.  More often than not, I can find harder to locate movies and video games sold for dirt cheap prices.  If all else fails, K-Mart usually has one of what I want hidden amongst their wares.  Their garden section isn't that bad, either.It's an old-looking store, and it shows.  Nothing wrong with it, but it's just old.  Is it as nice and updated as Target?  Nope, but it works for cheap deals and not a lot of hassling with other people.  At least the people that I do deal with are the staff, and they have been consistently nice through every transaction.It's funny how the inherent uncoolness of K-Mart passes on from generation to generation.  I still hear the same jokes as I did from when I was a kid.  For jokes that long ground into repetition, it's time to get some new material.
3	I grew up with The Big K stores, it became a rather cheap place to shop but since its merge with Sears, I believe the quality has improved.  I have several pieces of clothing that are Kate Smith's collection from a few years back to present, that are made well, has kept their shape and have worn well.  I am impressed each time I pull out one of them to wear.I also like coming in to find the racks of mark downs, and this trip, found many summer tops marked down to $3 bucks. I don't mind this, as living in the desert, it seems those summer tops can still be worn well into the fall and winter months.I also like the jewelry department, I don't want to spend a fortune for a simple gold hoop I wear almost daily.  I like their selection and they always seem to be 70% off.  My husband actually found a new microwave here for much less than Sears, to replace ours when it went out.  So if you haven't been in a Kmart lately, I think you might be surprised.
4	Ahhhh K-Mart!So, I really like K-Mart! I enjoy not hearing kids and seeing a crap ton of people. Its super relaxed here and they have a wide variety of clothing, bedding, housewares, shoes, and much more! They also an Olan Mills studio inside!I cam looking for a Rebels shirt bc a few months ago I spotted one on sale for 7.99, I shouldve purchased it then bv they only had 2 this time! I ventured on to the shoe area. Here they have a TON of heels from Sophia Vergara which are totally fab, but this lil fatty doesnt even try to do heels! Im not about to look like a fool walking like im trying to avoid hot lava! Ha! Anywho they also have a nice selection of boots, some flats, and a lot of comfy worker type shoes. The prices are good too, right now they have a ton of clearance shoes 50% off! They also have a nice variety of childrens and mens shoes.I went on to clothing; this is a little tough for me to find properly fitted garb. Im short and have them Latina hips and thigh so some stuff doesnt fit well. Kmart is a hit or miss with plus size. Sometimes they have suuuuper cute styles but the price sucks. This time they had nothing that was cute, imo. When designers design clothing for the chubbs they ALWAYS make it for an older audience. Im 25, I do not like all these weird color blocks and shapes. I like solid and crisp on a shirt. Also, seriously if Bongo is going to make a plus size line and the shirt says its 2x, it should be! Buuut no, its like an xl at best; this is common with a lot of clothing designers which is the pits! Anywho, I found a cute pair of Bongo jeans and proceeded to the checkout. Another qualm is I had to get these pants a size larger, I was meh as long as they fit ok which they did.At the register the cashier was super friendly and quick. The price on the pants read 7.99 but they of course rang up differently. She didnt question it, she just changed it and viola! I love that! Other retailers question and go through a cavity search, here it was painless and quick! I will continue to shop here until they "do me dirty" hahaha.
3	This K-Mart  has a huge selection, and some nice low pricing. Lots of parking too. Employees are hit and miss, some are very nice others are rude. The store is pretty clean although a lot of the merchandise ends up on the floor. 3 Stars for pricing and selection. I knock off 2 stars for disorganization and service.
3	it's kmart!
1	I think there customer service sucks. If I could rate it zero I would. Don't normally add reviews but just wanted everyone to know our experience.  Our washer broke so I needed to purchase a new one. Kmart was the closer store. so I saw a washer on sale and I asked the sales person before i purchased it about this washer if I needed to purchase anything else before I bought it and he said no I don't think you need to everything should be in the box. I don't know anything about washers so I just purchased it. Delivery was in 2days but when the delivery guy came he asked me where the hoes where and I told him the sales person at Kmart said its in the box. But it was not. I was pretty mad at this point. The customer service lady from sears was not helpful either told me that I should know. I told her this is the first time I bought a washer so i don't know. So I told them I want to cancelled the washer and get my money back and go somewhere else that would actually want to help me. So she cancelled it and said u can get ur money back in the store.  Felt like the sales person just wanted to get there comission.  Long story short I went to Kmart to get my money back and supervisor said we don't have a system that shows that's it been returned. N you can't get ur money back. At this point I was pissed off and they said they can't do anything about it. So it's been 6 days and we still don't have our washer. I think Kmart is not updated with current technology and the service there sucks. Everytime I go there the people there just look mad all day. Don't even greet customers that walk in and at the cash register it looks like they just talk to the other workers and just gossip all day. They really don't pay any attention to customers. That will be the last time I go to Kmart and sears. There service sucks and will not return as a customer. I will tell all my friends and family not to go to Kmart especially to this location.
4	Attention KMart Bosses. Perhaps management will realize that they need more then 3 registers open on any given day
4	I love Kmart they have some cute clothes and always have great deals. More people should shop here.
1	Just to get a tree skirt it took us changing registers three times because as soon as it was our turn there was an issue with 1.coupon 2. Receipt tape and 3. Coupon. When we finally got to check out she didn't have change so we again had to wait. I literally felt like I was bring punked. The isles are so over packed with product two people can't even walk through.  I was do frustrated that by the time we got out we vowed to never go back again...ever!   Sticking with Target no matter what!!  If they don't have it don't need it!
2	Kinda trashy... But not quite.  Good bargains on kids clothes.  The cashier was sweet and friendly.  That's about all I can really say.
1	so ghetto even the rats are leaving. ironic thing is, they are no cheaper than lowe's across the street. poor selection. claustraphobic store. inventory everywhere. it's like a cargo ship vomited into this store.
4	kmart is great! nice and clean and nothing like how I remember old ones in cali! I had a good time looking around at things and found a lot more then I wanted but hey overall kmart is great and this location is great too!
2	Apparently this is one of the few KMarts still open and operating.But once you walk in the doors, you understand why there aren't many around.For starters, there are few customers and few employees- kind of a ghost town. Only two registers open toward the end of my visit and both were very slow.Lots of clearance tables in the back of the store, topped with random products and sale price tags- nothing was a particularly great deal.Initially stopped in to get shorts for an upcoming theme park trip, and was kind of surprised by the lack of selection- could not find basic denim shorts. The celebrity lines by Niki Minaj, Adam Levine, and Sofia Vergara all appeared very trendy, relatively well-priced, made of cheap materials. Not entirely surprising. Frankly I'm just curious as to how they can afford so many celeb lines.Finally found about 10 pairs of bermuda pants, luckily one pair was in my size. Took it to the fitting rooms, which had no staff present when I approached or when I left. Lord only knows what customers could get away with back there.Unimpressed with my visit, prices were okay, staffing was low but store was clean and organized. On par with a less-trafficked Walmart.
1	I would rather go to Walmart on Christmas Eve than go to this Kmart at its slowest time. Took me 40 minutes and four employees to get the item I ordered online to pick up in store. Did I mention the ten minute wait to even get someone to the help counter because the 8 cashiers they had were too enthralled in a riveting conversation.... Never again.
