4	A regular hangout during my graduate school years, Dee's was always a mixture of folk, from the college crowd to punk rockers, metal heads to the local pubbies. Often a place we were seen post dinner, pre-Bar 11 (which isn't in the Yelp listings, but worth finding if it's still there) and were many billiards were shot, shots taken and songs chosen from a jukebox. Beer = cheap, Southside = fun. Try it.
5	an oasis in the fratastic stretch known as carson street. while there are other legit (and respectable) bars on the southside, dee's has always been my favorite.the drinks are cheap and the interior dingy but comfortable. i hang out here and pretend to miss my friends calls to meet them at town tavern.i can easily say this is the one bar i miss since moving to new york.
5	One of my favorite bars in Pittsburgh.  I have gone there pretty steadily for the past 8 years.  You can always count on a good drink at a good price compared to other bars on the South Side.  It is a bit of a dive but that gives it great character.  And, I love Dee's juke box.  I could probably put $20 in there and listen to good music all night long.  There's usually a good mix of people there.  I can enjoy a whole night at Dee's if I can score a booth.  And I always see people I know there.
5	Everytime we get into Pittsburgh late at night - this is our first stop.  I love this bar, I can't wait to be back next week!
5	A favorite place for me and my crew. We're fans of getting drunk and playing games, so the selection between darts, pool and ping-pong (available at the upstairs bar, which I believe is open 9-2 thurs to sat) is definitely a plus.Yuengling bombers, a pretty sweet juke box and smoking inside. These things are all good. Definitely a divey sort of bar, but that's my style and I love it. Always a good array of people to watch when you arrive. Lots of characters for sure. And that's one of the things that makes Dee's so great! Cheapest drinks on E Carson doesn't hurt either. Say hello if you spot me! It's always a stop any time we're in the area.
4	Awesome place.Ping pong and Pool and drinks all at reasonable prices.good people, good times.I would give it 5 stars but for the internet jukebox...
5	It seems that everyone I know in Pittsburgh has had their Dee's phase. You have to love a place that has mixed drinks that are stiff and cheap. For 10 bucks you can get pretty messed up.The crowd is an ideal mix of open-minded hipsters, punks, outcasts and nerds. It can feel a bit cliquey because everyone knows everyone, but people are actually really friendly. You can pretty much start a conversation with any random stranger. It's one of the few places on the south side where you can get away from the college meathead crowd.The ping pong table upstairs is great and so is the jukebox. Sometimes I try to mess with people by playing something like Bell Biv DeVoe. But nobody ever minds. That's what I love most about Dee's - the complete lack of pretension.
4	dee's is a nice little gem that I've recently been introduced to. it's a typical dive. a big back room with three pool tables and a cut out in the wall so you can order drinks without having to go back to the front room. it gets really packed on weekends but full of familiar faces. you can smoke in here so it gets smokey by the end of the night but good for us people who can't control our cigarette consumption when intoxicated. also a glass of pbr is only $1.25 and a mixed (very strongly mind you) drink with well liqour is only $3!!! downside: the service sucks. they're really rude. I understand someone who's worked there for years develops an attitude of "don't give a damn" but it was a little startling. it's your job, get over it. but since a bar's prices, atmosphere, & crowd are more important because my interaction with the service is so minimal, it's all worth it.
4	The lighting is TERRIBLE.  For a dive bar, it's lit too well.  The drinks are cheap.  The bartenders are grumpy.  Just the way I love it.  This place is always a staple in any Pittsburghers life.  You go through a phase of hating and then loving.  My biggest gripe, it's in the southside and the lighting sucks
3	Its a dive bar, through and through. Lots of pool tables, a dingy atmosphere, a colorful variety of patrons and cheap, strong drinks. Its nothing out of the ordinary, it doesn't have a lot that makes it stand out from other bars - but its a solid night out if you are just looking for a few kicked back games of pool and some drinks.
3	Pretty spacious. Mixed crowd. One of the better bars on carson IMO
2	I use to hang out here quite a bit back in the nineties But now I find the average age is about 22 or 23. Despite the prior reviewers mentioning it being open-minded and whatever,   Dees can be very very cliquey and i-just-escaped-from-the-wealthy-suburbs kind of bratty .  We used to joke about all the "trust-a-farians" that were here on any given night.  An extreme amount of cigarette smoke in the air. Disgusting. The policy of not accepting credit or debit cards is extremely backwards. The bartenders are legendary for banning people for the slightest offense.  A Penguin hockey player or 2 used to come in here back in the day. Not sure about now .
4	Cheap drinks, pool, cheap drinks, rad people, cheap drinks, and a "could give a shit" vibe that I live in a good dive.  Don't be an asshole and you can basically do what you want here.  My kinda place.
5	Cash only. No frills. No fuss. Cheap beer and beer specials during games. Smoking is a must. The bartenders are friendly. They highly recommended the pudding and Jell-O shots.  My party was skeptical, but the ladies behind the bar tell no lies. The banana pudding shot nearly brought me to tears. Far from pretentious. Clean but smoky. You may have to contend with death metal playing on the juke box. Always a good time.
4	Awesome spot to chill with friends. Not the busiest of bars, at least when ive been there. Pool tables and darts offered.  The selection of music you hear is very wide range.
1	This bar used to be really popular with the tatted up, pierced set. Good times. The crowd was mainly regulars, the drinks were cheap. This was my home away from home for a while. Then the bartenders started to ban people left and right. Then people got barred for stating out loud that they were going to the bar next door to hang out with their barred friends. Or for stating that they were going to catch a band next door. Or for, you know, breathing wrong. It got so bad Slacker started selling Barred from Dee's tee shirts, but the owner of Dee's put a stop to that. The guy clearly has no sense of humor. Or any sense as to how to run a successful business. I haven't been back in years and don't plan to. Yeah it's got a cool layout and the younger bartender who worked upstairs was an absolute peach, but in general this place left me with a sour taste in my mouth and a fear of being barred for no reason. The Smiling Moose a few doors down welcomed the mass exodus from this place with open arms and while I no longer drink on the South Side, I will always be grateful that my friends and I, barred from Dee's Cafe or not, still had someplace fun to drink.
