5	The best deli in Charlotte!!!   Gotta try the Chicken salad and/or the Tuna salad.  They have the best macaroni salad and great potato salad as well.  All are homemade fresh - can't find anything like them anywhere.  No other deli comes close.  The deli trays are awesome as are their sandwiches.  You will not leave hungry!  It is definately worth the drive.
4	Until today, I hadn't been here in years. Since the widening of Independence Blvd has forced so many other businesses to close or move, I half expected Chris'  to be boarded up, too.From the looks of the lunch crowd on a Tuesday, they haven't got anything to worry about. Got there at 12:30 and moved into a just-vacated table (seats still warm). Only seats in the place.I had pastrami on rye with potato salad. Wife had egg salad and slaw. I would have liked a little more sandwich, but she almost couldn't finish hers.My pastrami was as good as can be expected without going to a full-kosher NY deli (which is an unfair comparison in CLT NC, I admit). Rye was fresh, with that chewy crust (same caveats apply as with the pastrami). Mustard was spicy enough. Potato salad was good, if suspiciously like something scooped out of a restaurant supply tub.Wife raved about her egg salad. She's something of a slaw-snob, and she was impressed. I didn't try it (didn't get a chance, it disappeared so fast), but it looked good.Pickle spears were worth an honorable mention. Next time, they'll be ordered as an appetizer.Waitresses were great, in a "we can tell you're not a regular" sort of way. Helpful and talkative.Note: the restaurant is on the **inbound** side of Independence, before Briar Creek. Since crossing over isn't allowed along that part of the highway, plan your route accordingly,.If you're one of those folks who has to eat in a brightly-lit, corporate, tastefully decorated environment, keep on driving. There are Jason's, Subway, etc outlets further out Independence. This place is dim and well used. You can tell that in an earlier time, the cigarette smoke would have been thick and pervasive in there.All in all. My kind of place. The next time I'm on that side of the world, this is where I'll be.
5	Rapidly becoming my favorite restaurant in Charlotte. I used to think the grilled cheese and macaroni salad was heaven, then I tried the subs...amazing. Wow, I still remember the taste...it was pretty glorious. Stop here for a little homey diner experience with great service and perfect food. The owner, Chris, is a really nice guy who knows what he's doing. Afforable and yummy!
4	Yup its in the end of a a strip mall maybe one of the last strip malls in this area of Independence Blvd. but don't let that stop you from checking out this gem. If you want a real sub...real service...and some hot and delicious chicken and wild rice soup check out Chris'. This place rocks when it comes to consistency I frequent here often for lunch..you can always get a seat and the waiters are friendly. You can order your sub hot or cold on all different types of breads or rolls (onion roll highly recommended). Deli meat is cut fresh big PLUS. Don't forget to ask for the horseradish mustard it is amazing.
5	We've been eating here almost 25 years. Chris has moved the restaurant for a short time but he's back in the original location. Best chicken and rice soup ever! House roasted turkey and roast beast make great sammies. Good salads with amazing blue cheese dressing. Pretty darn good tater salad also. Long time servers, and always a steady stream of regulars. Cold beer is a plus as well.
4	If I lived in Charlotte I would probably eat here once a week or so. I love subs and growing up it was traditional to have subs once a week. This place brought me back to that time. These things are made with good flavored meat with toppings sliced just right. I asked for mine heated with toasted bread and that is just what I got. This thing was loaded with meat... no skimping out where it counts! I also ordered potato salad as my side and very much enjoyed it. It was not the best I have had but it was very good. The thing I liked the most about the potato salad was how simple/basic it was. It was not loaded with 100 different flavors or drowned in vinegar nor did it just taste like mustard. It had flavor yet you could still taste potato which I found nice since after all, it is potato salad. My wife ordered her sandwich on an onion roll and she loved it. She got the baked beans with hers and said if you like Bush's baked beans then you would like these. All in all, very pleasant experience. The server was very nice and the food was great. If it were not for the other reviews I would not have gone to this place. It doesn't look like much from the outside and is easy to miss. To be honest, when you walk in it won't look like much on the inside either. DO NOT let the looks fool you. I took others advice and my wife and I were more then pleased with our meal and the over all experience.One last note... they had some decent beer and they were pretty cheap! I love beer so this was a bonus for me.
4	The food is delicious! Service is usually wonderful. However, a lot of the times we've had to wait a while for food. Whether it's sit in or call in. But overall, great place to eat!
4	The food was great and the service warm and inviting.  It is a deli, with great potato salad and chicken and rice soup! The only problem is that if you don't know to look for it you would miss it!
5	This place is amazing great food great service nothing else to be said.
4	Excellent sandwiches for a great price. I had Chris' Special with cole slaw. The sandwich tasted fresh and the cole slaw was crispy. You can't ask for much more for $6.
5	Best potato salad hands down! I love how this place is so consistent. Try the chicken with rice soup on a cold day!
5	I really really like eating at this deli.  The sandwiches are awesome, especially the chris' special which is turkey and roast beef and provolone on a bun plus condiments, its great.  The sides are good too, the only thing that is not too good that I have tried is their pasta salad, it is very bland.  They also sell beer which is cool.  Would recommend this place!  Plus its affordable.
5	If you haven't eaten here I HIGHLY suggest you give it a try!! This place has the best potato salad, egg salad, sandwiches, soups... pretty much you order it and it's going to be awesome!! Chris' Deli has been a staple in Charlotte for as long as I can remember. It will blow any other deli out of the water in taste, quality, and cost. Seriously I can't rave about it enough. I love that you can by everything by the pint/quart as well. Seriously I'm going to have to go this weekend now lol.The only downside is it's hard to get to since Independence underwent all the changes it has over the years.  Many many businesses have had to close up shop along that strip but Chris' Deli prevails!! *thank goodness*  You seem to be doing A-okay as their parking lot is always pretty full.  This is a hole in the wall, local kind of spot so don't expect a lot in the decor department etc. However if you are looking for amazing food this is the place to go... I mean it's a deli who cares about the decor :-)
4	This is a secret gem in Charlotte!  The food is delicious and the prices are awesome for the amount of food you get. Chicken salad cold plate is a favorite.  Diet options available too which I like. Everything comes out well presented, fresh and so tasty!!  I wish it was closer to where I lived- I'd go a lot more often!
5	The menu is very diverse and the staff is so nice... the service was also quick and the food is absolutely delicious. Definitely my favorite deli.
5	Ate there before going to a show today. Had the tuna salad on rye with macaroni salad on the side it was awesome. Wife had the roast beef sub she loved it. We're both fresh from New York  and with deli food like this I see no reason why I would want to go back north.
4	Reallllly good sandwiches,  i love this place, just had a bad encounter with the owner one time though. Ive seen the guy on several occassions and he is nice,but this one time he basically borderline disrespected me....ugh I hate that because it has left with me with  a foul taste in my mouth for the place. HOWEVER --- I can't resist. I love this freaking place...
3	A deli, but not a New York style deli. Great sandwiches with a good variety of quality meats and cheeses - ham, turkey, roast beef and such. On sub rolls or a bread (including rye, white and whole wheat).The sandwiches run between $5.50 and $7.00, so it's all pretty inexpensive. Sodas include canned Dr. Browns and they do have some wine and beer available.We enjoyed what we ate, but I was hoping for bagels and smoked fish. Oh well.Convenient location on East Independence if you're headed into the city. If you're heading out, you'll have to exit and go through a neighborhood, or continue onwards and make a u-turn.
5	I have been here many times and I must say I have always had a good experience. Now I often get my favorite, the BLT on white toast with a side of potato salad. I have had it so many times I even tried to recreate t at home myself, even down to the type of bread and the way the lettuce is shredded. Yes I shredded the lettuce by hand. It came out pretty good but this place has something secret going on.I've also had the turkey sub (hot), pastrami no mustard (don't judge me), I even added pastrami to my turkey and that was the bomb. I have a lot of friends that love this place and for the most part they have nothing negative to say. I really don't either. It really is just a small simple place with simple food. It's just darn good. It's also nice it is still thriving in an area that is currently struggling, with Independence construction and all. I will say they are in a pretty good little shopping center. Where else can you get great food, go next door and get your worship on, buy an e-cig a few more doors down, drop your kids off at day care, then zumba off that food. There s also a catering place too but that's another review. This place is pretty much awesomeness. Oh and did I mention I am walking distance now. Yeah Im lucky.
5	I love this place!!  I started going to Chris' about a month after I moved to Charlotte in 1994.  I was working at Lebo's down the street and a coworker took me there for lunch.  Right away I fell in love with the place and the people.  Very friendly service.  I ordered the steak hoagie with chips and a sweet tea.  Ever since I have been hooked!!  I loved meeting the owner and his sons!  They make it really fun to go there, grab lunch, and just hang for a while.  The chicken and rice soup is something I get EVERY time I go!!  This place is a must try if you haven't yet!!
3	Old school deli is pretty good but not the best I've ever had or anything. I still don't think anybody can beat Harris Teeter as far as subs go....the chips & "dip" we ordered were just chips from a bag with a side of ranch lol
4	I'm a fan. Chris' is another Charlotte staple mostly frequented by locals. Chris himself still works in the kitchen during lunch. I'm willing to bet he's there all day. It's an old fashioned menu, layout, and staff. Their subs and Greek salads are what keep me coming back. My only gripe is their selection of sides. I don't know how they've gotten away with that potato salad, macaroni salad, and cole slaw for all these years. None of them are very good. Go after 1:00 to miss the rush. Get a sub and a cream soda. You'll be happy. Do not expect any frills.
5	The closest restaurant in Charlotte to a real Deli!! I've been enjoying Chris' for 30 years. It's busy at lunch so come early but dinner is a breeze.
4	I drove past this place for almost 8 years. Which is very odd since it was within walking distance of my house. When I finally went in and had the corned beef I felt like a complete idiot. The food here is so good. They use boar head meat, vegetable taste fresh and the bread is on point. Never been disappoint by a sandwich from here.Their soup is a little bland but I don't mind it that way.
3	I used to eat here a lot there sub used to have more meat and the bread used to be always fresh.  Things have been change during the years.  Still a local family own business were I will be going.
