5	Their motto is GOD has sent Jesus christ to save youSATAN has sent Metal devastation to damn you. This is THE place for obscure Death/Black/Grind/Gore/Satanic music. The have T-shirts, posters, on top of the CD's, Vinyl, DVD's and such. This is the only place to get the rare brutal shit here in town.
4	I had only heard about this store before entering. You drive by and see that all of the windows are covered in black. It's really easy to miss. That's about it.One day I decided that I wanted to buy one of my favorite albums ever, which falls somewhere between progressive metal and death metal. It's pretty obscure and is out of Germany, something I knew Zia didn't have and that no other store would have. I called up, asked the guy at the counter if they had it, and they did. Awesome.I walked in to find some very serious black metal playing. Pentagrams were numerous. There was a large selection of metal shirts, and both walls were completely lined with metal. There were some serious metalheads there including the guy behind the counter. He had on his Dark Funeral hat, black hair, huge gauges in his ears, etc. These are all things I can deal with, but wish I didn't have to. Basically, the store tries too hard to be metal, just like 99% of metalheads. Be ready to deal with these things if you are coming in here and are not a fan of extreme metal. It is not targeted at you, and you may not feel entirely comfortable. Now, this doesn't mean you can't buy a CD here. You just need to be able to handle the above. I'm a normal guy. I don't look like a metalhead, and they welcomed me perfectly fine. As for the new CD selection. It is VAST. You will find a ton of extreme metal here. Death metal, black metal, thrash metal, goregrind, whatever floats your boat. If you can't understand the vocals, they probably have it. There is a used CD section as well, but I couldn't figure out how to navigate it and gave up quickly. There's also a ton of memorabilia. The only real negative aside from the satan fetish is that the CDs are a bit higher priced. Keeping in mind that these guys stock albums which are low in printing, often come from overseas, etc., I find this to be perfectly acceptable.
5	closed
