4	You're going to go to whatever grocery store is closest to you, but usually you have 2 or 3 options within the same radius. If you live in the area, you should really consider making this your store. And here's why...1. No member cards.Albertson's started doing member cards a few years ago much to my dismay... I protested and pissed and moaned because I knew what it meant... At the time, they were the last store to not have such a program and I would've gone miles out of my way to shop there for that reason alone. These savings cards are bullshit - first of all, they take personal info from you and use it to market to you and monitor what you buy. It's a privacy issue and a spam issue. Second, these fucking cards cost money - you really think you're saving anything? It costs them millions to launch such a campaign - they have to get that money somewhere. They get it by raising the prices of shit. I noticed it right away as soon as the cards were implimented. Even with the savings card, my groceries were more expensive than before. Fuck that. Anyway, they finally got rid of the cards again - so I love them again. Thank you Albertson's.2. This place is a den of hot chicks. Strippers, college students, hot nurses, and all sorts of sexy singles shop here. I've never seen such a hot group of 20-30somethings shopping for groceries in one place. Now, I shop later at night usually - but it doesn't seem to matter too much what time of day you go. It's a good looking crowd. Single people, take your carts and smash into someone you find attractive and strike up a conversation... ask some cutie if they know the best way to squeeze a melon (even though you thunk em, I think).3. Selection... this place has a decent selection of wine and organic products and produce and deli and whatever else. It's not the best store I've ever been to, but it's good. In fact, that's where that 5th star went - this place could be a little better if it was a little bigger or newer... Still, it's got everything I'm ever looking for which is all you can really ask for from a grocery store. They stopped carrying the bread I like and I had to ask a few times and submit a few cards, but they started carrying it again. So I can't help but like this store. 4. Prices...It doesn't have the best prices on everything, but for someone like me who doesn't do coupons, my grocery bill is smaller here than it is at Fry's with their savings card. You can also get gas here and their gas isn't that bad. It's also normally pretty cheap. If you live in the area, give this shopping center a try...
4	I went to the store for charcoal and ended up with "free" apples.  I have been a year long fan of Sonya apples for their crispness and tart flavor.  They were on sale so I bought a little over 3# and expected some savings.  While loading my vehicle I noticed I didn't get the sale price.  Customer service wasn't open that early and I flagged down the store director listed on the receipt.  Jesse was very polite and took care of an immediate total refund with no questions asked.  Great Customer Relations!As my Yelper grown kids (H, E & M) know I have always looked for specials and made decisions accordingly.  When H, E & M were little they had to select from certain cereals, fruits, vegetables etc. due to specials and/or what I felt was good for them.  In retrospect I am not sure this logic worked out the way I had intended.  In fact, I was and still am suspicious some of the food either spoiled or was tossed. Maybe one or more will fess up to ease my conscience?
5	I thought I was sooooo clever writing about this place and being all useful but Max A. already beat me to the punch. Shop here any time of the day or night for groceries and you will be assaulted with the highest concentration on eye candy in the known Phoenix-Metro area. It's better than the Safeway near ASU. It's completely rad. I've never successfully picked up a lady in a grocery store because, frankly, I don't look very wholesome and that's a place where it seems like you need to be to be successful, but if you're a guy in a suit or work out clothes going to or coming from the LA Fitness up the road you might have a chance. It's usually clean and well stocked too, but who really cares, aren't most grocery stores? Don't pretend like you don't like staring at hot people...
4	Number 1: I wish this store were on the north side of Thomas because I find it hard to get in and out of. waaaah.Number 2: I had not read the reviews about hot chicks shopping here before going to Albertson's but clearly that's why i was drawn there...clearly.Has anyone else noticed that the Albertson's parking lot has spaces big enough for Hummers? I saw a Chevy Durango that didn't fill up its space and I had five-foot clearance on either side of my car. That is kind of weird but also really great. Prices are average and the produce looks crisy and fresh. i went in not knowing what i wanted and coming out with a pretty healthy selection. Oh and I have to say that the Albertson's brand Mild salsa sold in the cases on the right in the produce area is actually really spicy. I usually take a Medium heat salsa but this mild is tasty. Maybe this is just my first experience with southwest food in the southwest.
4	Wow this is funny...  Like Julia, this is my neighborhood Albertsons and I totally concur, the best looking shoppers ever.I was simply going to write "Stripper Central" till I read the rest.  That being said...  THE WORST PARKING LOT EVER (1 star penalty).  What is with the huge dip off Thomas Road by Ace, think you can fix that?  Definitely rule out heading South on Scottsdale when you are done and good luck even turning right.  My favorite parking spot is actually by the barber shop on the South side...  enter off Scottsdale between the oil shop and the shopping center.  Bonus if you can get a shade spot by Einstein's.This place usually does have killer deals like 2 bottles of Black swan for 9 bucks and king crab legs for as low as $7.99/lb.  Now that's exciting.They also have Gonesh incense, one of my faves.  Get em back there by the eggs...  the number 8 and 12 are the best!Oh and if you are a Bacon fan, get the cuts in the case at the butchery.  You will never go back.
4	their produces and meats are above-average!their seasoned bonless, skinless chicken breasts are great for grilling! get them when they go on sale for $2-3 a pound!the deli case workers are so sweet!
5	Pharmacist is SO FUNNY! He always brightens my day and brings comedic relief to a dull task (picking up prescriptions). I don't do much of my grocery shopping at Albertson's since I try and purchase mostly sustainable foods, but their french bread is DELICIOUS! I could seriously eat a whole loaf in one sitting. The management is accommodating. I did once get hit on and stalked throughout the store by one of their creepy bag people. I think he might have been a little "out there" though, so it was more humorous than anything.
5	never realy had to go here because i always shop at fry's but when i did it was for redbox or i used their moneygram service when i had a car payment to make if i was lazy and didn't send it by mail staff was pretty cool
4	The main reason I like shopping at Albertsons - The meat counter.  When its on sale, I can get 93% fat free ground beef...at times for less than $3 a lb (when purchasing more than 3 lbs).  I also love the deli counter and bakery.  Can and box prices are a little more expensive than your Frys and definitely Walmart.  So I try to just stick to the meat, deli, and bakery counters here.    This Albertsons is right on the way home from work, and by the daycare, so I can swing by here and grab what I need and then go pick up Baby C.  :)
1	A grocery store that eliminates self checkout lanes is pathetic. This chain is going backwards. It apparently wants us to wait in lines behind old ladies who writes checks to make our two item shopping trip that much more fun. I'm boycotting this antique supermarket chain until they return to reality. Idiots there said customers didn't want them. Meanwhile every other chain has them? It's 2013 Albertson's, get a clue.
3	This review is only based on dairy products: I usually only shop at Albertsons for their cheap eggs deals and sometimes great Shamrock milk deals.  Not sure about any other departments like bakery, seafood, and/or meat departments as I don't usually shop here for those things.  But I do want to give props to their fast check-out stands.
4	Needed flip flops. Bought flip flops. Place is nice but prices are slightly higher. Lots of older people who take too long to check out. For various reasons. We have the "change finders" who have to look in their tiny purses for exact change. We have the motorized wheelchair cart people who get five things but take an hour, and we also have the "so bored that I have to make a conversation out of everything" people. These are the worst because they will not even take their money out of their wallet until they have their conversation. But they have food. They have beer and wine. And flip flops.
3	Pretty good selection, variety and quality overall. No VIP cards needed. I'd like to see Albertson's encourage people bringing reusable bags rather than expecting customers to be supplied plastic bags that are thrown away the next day. Didn't seem like the cashier liked seeing me bring my own bags, as if it were something political... Oh well.. probably not gonna stop be from bringing my own cloth bags or shopping at Albertsons. Cest la vie
