5	Stacy is the best! I won't go any where else. I have difficult wavy/curly hair and she always makes me beautiful. Oh and I won't let Anyone else wax my eyebrows she's AMAZING!!!!
5	I have been going to Stacy for my haircuts for close to a year now, and she is the reason I stopped shaving my head and wearing hats (which I had been doing everyday without fail since I was 15). I literally told her to do whatever she thought would be best for my hair and she did.I now feel like a million bucks, love the way I look when I walk out the door, and I'm regularly complimented on my hair.Stacy is fun, smart, creative, and will make you drool yourself to sleep with her shampooing/conditioning. Haha! Her environment is relaxed, she'll make you laugh, and you'll never think about going somewhere else for your hair needs ever again.
5	I have been going to Stacy Ann for about 3 years now and have always loved the way she cuts my hair.  After letting Stacy make fun of me for my bad self-coloring for a couple years, I gave in and started letting her color my hair.  Wow, I am hooked at how rich, shiny, and natural my color always looks.  She's amazing! Nothing better than a glass of wine, a great cut and color, and a fun couple of hours spent chatting with her.  I recommend her to everyone who needs a cut... or color.
5	When I met Stacy I was in a bit of a hair funk,  It had grown out long and unkempt, I had it tucked behind my ears and frankly I had just given up on caring.  Stacy took pity on me and invited me to her shop to restore my faith in my follicles.  I knew I had made the right decision when I arrived and was offered a glass of red wine with my shampoo,  I dare any one of you to maintain full consciousness  while having a warm scalp rub paired with wine...not possible.  I was a relaxed blob of jelly while Stacy did her magic.   Of course if you can stay awake then you can take part in what is always hilarious and amusing conversation with Ms. Scissorhands.   I look forward to the chuckles, gossip and tom-foolery as much as transformative properties of her hair service.At the end of the day all the wine, laughs and scalp massages wouldn't mean a thing if your hair didn't look fantastic,  but it does!  Stacy Ann delivers every single time,  You'll walk out not only better coiffed, but just better in general.  I wont go anywhere else.
5	I don't trust a lot people with my hair, but with Stacy I know my hair is safe in her (scissor)hands.She aims to please!
5	After my first cut and color from Stacy, I knew it was a match made in witty-stylist-heaven. I spent about 3 years down in the Valley trying to find a stylist that I could stand to talk to for more than 20 minutes, and when I finally met Stacy I knew it was meant to be. Not only is she an amazing stylist (the ONLY person I would trust to color my hair before my wedding) but she's just a rad chick. Seriously, if her sense of humor doesn't keep you coming back, then something is wrong with you. Amaze-balls.
5	Originally from El Paso, TX, I relocated to Phoenix for work back in October, 2009. Prior to moving, I'd been with my former stylist for about 12 years and never thought I would ever find someone that I felt comfortable with to cut my hair.  Then I met Stacy.  I have super straight hair that really needs to be cut properly for it to do what I want.  Stacy gets it done right EVERYTIME!   She's an amazing stylist - the combination of her talent and personality will keep you coming back for more!  I've kept bi-weekly appointments for the past few years. Highly recommended, trust me on this one!!
5	I've been going to Stacy for 3 years now and she is AMAZING!!! I've had my hair every color of the rainbow and she always knows exactly what I want and how to achieve it without ever damaging my hair! Recently I've been getting extensions done by her and I've just gotten my second set in and I couldn't be happier! Her color matching was ridiculous and the overall results have been life changing. I am moving out of state soon but will be driving back the 5 hrs each way to AZ to see Stacy every couple of months because I refuse to believe anyone can do hair as well as Stacy!! She is a beautiful person inside and out, and her passion for what she does is reflected in every one of her amazing creations!!!
5	I've lived in Arizona for 4 years now, and shopped around for hairstylists for 3 of them. So I was overjoyed when I found Stacy's and knew I could finally stop my search.The whole appointment is just a rock solid experience: from the free wine to the awesome head/neck massage and great conversation (don't worry that you're laughing so hard, it won't screw her up). If I wasn't in a cheery mood at the start of visit, I always am by the end :)And that's not even to mention the hair results. Stacy's a master of the craft. After going through a bunch of different styles I really liked (short, a-line, bangs, etc) I finally worked up the courage to put some crazy color back into my hair, and she's been a step ahead of me the whole way. This stuff is awesome, I call the shade "Electric Watermelon" and over the months I've had it in it's barely even faded!Not only does she know her stuff, but when you come back you realize she's CONSTANTLY learning and scientifically applying her new techniques. She gets really excited about her breakthroughs, just ask, it's worth a listen! Hair is her passion, you can just tell.
5	I have been going to Stacy for years and I have never had a better hair experience! She listens to what you want and provides really helpful feedback to ensure you understand what you are asking for and what the results will look like. Not only does she make you feel 100% comfortable, she also does an amazing job! I get my hair done every 6-8 weeks and I seriously get compliments even on the day I am about to go in and get it redone! She knows just how to cut it so that even when it is growing out, it still looks like you just got a brand new haircut. Stacy has taken me from red, to blondish, back to my natural color with highlights in between. One time, I made a horrible mistake and requested something that I ended up not loving. This was ALL my fault, Stacy did exactly what we discussed - I just didn't love it. She happily fixed it on the spot, even thought it was my mistake and not her mess up. She is that good - instead of leaving in tears or going home and secretly hating it, she made me comfortable enough to express my feelings and make sure I left loving my new 'do. I recommend Stacy to everyone, you will not be disappointed!
5	Stacy is awesome! She listens to what you have to say and she is hilarious. I would highly recommend you go see her ! I have had great experiences with both my cut and color, I am very happy with the outcome. Stacy is a really great listener and is great at what she does.
5	Stacy is the best hair lady! I recently moved and dreaded having anyone except for Stacy touch my hair. She not only has skill but she is great to talk to and makes the experience enjoyable. Five stars!
5	I cannot say enough about Stacy Ann!  She is absolutely amazing!  When I met Stacy Ann I had a few "Bad Hair" days with other stylists.  Stacy Ann listened to what I was wanting and truly delivered!  She is fantastic!  I highly recommend her to anyone who is looking for a wonderful stylist!  Stacy Ann is your gal!  She is warm and charismatic, she is the true meaning of a hair "artist;" and she definitely loves what she does and it truly shows!  I got my "Sexy" back!  And it was all due to Stacy Ann!
5	Stacy Ann has mad skills! Absolutely the most vibrant, long-lasting colors for those who want the BOOM factor.My hair doesn't hold color well and i didn't care so much when i was only doing "natural" colors like brown or strawberry blonde. When i wanted really really vibrant and intense colors, like pink or orange, however, i wanted color that would really HOLD and LAST. I just don't dig that drab, faded out pink-magenta i see around too often. So, Stacy Ann pulled out the big guns and used Goldwell Elumen on my locks and i've lived happily every since! Seriously, i can go 4 months without a touch-up and still have vibrant color. (Not that i *like* to go 4 months, but sometimes that's just the way it goes /broke@ssbroke)Stacy Ann asks a lot of questions so that she's very sure she understands what you want. If you don't know exactly what you want, she will help you unravel the mystery. It's all about the love.
5	Shes amazing. Great color and cuts and she guarantees her work - that means come back and get it fixed if it doesn't look perfectly stunning (unlikely). I finally have a rock solid stylist and I don't have to fear salon walk-ins anymore.
5	I've been gong to Stacy for years - even while living out of state. I book an appointment with her as soon as I know I'm going to come into town. She took me from very very short to long and luscious without any awkward grow out phase. She has fixed my botched cuts from others (and from myself :/) and always given me beautiful color.
3	I wish I could say what the others say, but while Stacy is clearly good with straight hair (as the photos show, that's most of her work), she's not as good with curly hair.  She knows a lot about hair cutting but hair does not always follow the rules and hair on different parts of the same head may curly differently or not at all.  I went back to get my haircut adjusted and she did more cutting, but my hair still sticks out at the bottom and the slant in the back is much less than I asked for.  She seemed rushed and annoyed with my request to re-cut my hair and when I indicated how I would like it, she argued with me and did what she wanted to do.  If you have curly hair, you already know how hard it is to find a good hairdresser.  I'd hoped Stacy would be that person, but this did not work out.
5	Stacy is so talented, it's amazing. She has been cutting my husband's hair forever so I decided to give her a try. (He always comes home looking sexy as hell after seeing her.)I've seen her a couple times and I always leave happy. She listens to what you want and executes it perfectly! Not to mention, she is freaking hilarious and will make you wish she was your best friend. Last month I decided to do something crazy and wanted this red/pink ombre. It turned out SO BEAUTIFUL! The color was perfect and somehow I left with my hair feeling way healthier than when I came in. She used olaplex and elumen and it's soooo soft. Oh and make sure you book in advance! She is crazy busy.
5	I just moved here from Minnesota and was having a hard time finding a stylist. I came across Stacy Ann and could NOT be more pleased. I am growing my hair out from a bob and she has made styling it during this phase MUCH easier than I could ever imagine. I also have a bit of a natural ombre color and needed a light brown to cover my roots. SHE MATCHED IT PERFECTLY. It is spot on and looks so natural. Not to mention, she has an awesome personality and is super easy to talk to! Thanks, Stacy!!!
