2	Located on the corner of Beccleuch Street near the university, this generic coffee shop has replaced one of the best second hand academic book stores in the entire city.I say it is generic, because it really really it. If I asked you to think of the most stereotypical coffee shop in the world, you would describe this place to a tee. It really is non-descriptive. Wooden floor, bare walls, a few tables and a counter. Press Coffee really has no character at all - shame really as the coffee itself is nice and well priced, while the cakes and other snacky type things are all very enjoyable.Press Coffee is simply a shell into which people have decided to serve some half decent coffee - but with no vibe or charm, it fails to impress.
3	Press Coffee looks quite swish from the outside, but both the font and the name seem as though they are trying too hard to attract a coffee drinking bunch of journalists into their business. Either that, or it is a calculated gimmick geared towards the more suspectible of those immersed in university life.It's clean, contemporary and sleek inside, with trendy baristas but no real vibe. As Jonathan said, they sell decent coffee, but there are so many more places like that in Edinburgh!It seems a shame to replace a great resource for students with yet another coffee shop. We have become bigger coffee consumers than Italy, and while it's not a bad thing, it get a bit boring when you can't go shopping without passing at least 100 cafes.Press Coffee is fairly nice and I do like it, but in its infancy I get the impression it's trying too hard to be overtly trendy. If it thaws out over time, it might carry more of a light atmosphere, but for now it's too self-conscious for me.
4	Press Coffee is a nice coffee stop off near all the Old Town hubbub, but just far enough away that you can get a bit of peace and quiet and chill while doing whatever you please (within reason obviously, you couldn't stand about naked doing your fake tan, but other stuff is fine). Coffee plus some reading, work, chit chat with a few mates, or just general thinking in a generally pleasant environment would be my suggestions.All the usual decent factors you would expect from a coffee shop feature here, such as tasty cakes, lunch and snack options like soup and sandwiches, and of course, great coffee, as the name suggests. The cafe space is pretty small, but has a really good atmosphere to it, and the staff are more than helpful and lovely. If you're smoothie orientated rather than a caffeine fiend, there are some wholesome milkshakes and smoothie items to be selected from the menu, all for hardly any pennies.
3	This is what happens when you try to look like everyone else, you end up becoming so average that it hurts your customers souls. There is nothing special about this place what so ever, nothing bad about it either! I want to hate this place but I can't, it simply is what it is. Prices are average, staffs chat was average and decor was plain...If Tesco made coffee shops...
3	Given its positioning, next to George Square and Nicholson Street, Press Coffee should be something that really stands out. Indeed when I've been in there it has been quite busy. Yet there is something lacking from this coffee shop.Press Coffee has this smart, clean feel. Unfortunately it comes off as just being rather sterile. The hot drinks and snacks they serve are just fine, not incredible, but fine. The staff are also really friendly and I got chatting one of the waitresses for quite a while. However I wasn't entirely impressed by the prices. I remember paying quite a bit above average for a panini and coffee. Given its average quality this brought my experience down a notch.Press Coffee just needs to sort itself out. Maybe with its easy custom it got lazy, but this place could be so much more exciting.
3	In a previous life, Coffee Press was a secondhand bookshop where students and lecturers spent time between classes browsing text books. Now a compact coffee shop, it's usually packed with students and lecturers sipping cappuccino, nibbling on panninis, gulping down soup and biting into muffins. The coffee and food are both pretty good but the lack of atmosphere and character makes me wish it was a dusty bookshop  filled with stories still.
3	As a massive coffee fanatic I've been looking forward to checking out Press Coffee for quite some time. I found myself in the area on a Saturday morning and couldn't resist dropping in for a mid-morning caffeine boost. The cafe was mostly empty (perhaps all the locals hadn't made it out of bed yet)... and I found this surprising as it seems to be the kind of place where you can wrap your hands round a good cup of coffee (and it is good), settle in to your chair and delve into some work, your book, or the local rag (newspaper). The cafe is quite spacious, with lots of tables and a modern, almost minimalist feel, and nice artwork on the walls. All that said, I was a little disappointed. You have to remember that I am something of a snob when it comes to my flatwhites. While my coffee was good, and this cafe now ranks in my top 5 for flatwhites in Edinburgh, it just wasn't the best I'd had. Not quite strong enough, and just a little cooler than I'd like. I had my coffee to takeaway, and the service was fast and friendly. I'll be back, but next time I plan to sit in, enjoy one of the yummy looking pastries in the cabinet and savour my coffee over a long, relaxing break.
4	Press Coffee has been one of my hang-outs ever since moving to Edinburgh. I just can't find fault with their soups, I love them, and I'm not a big soup person, but for some reason, these bring a real smile to my face.If I had to add a critical note to this review, it would be that because the ceiling is so high and the room itself rather small, it can get quite uncomfortably loud at times for a coffee shop. The clinking of coffee cups and such can really get on your nerves as it just echoes through the entire space, I know that this sounds strange, but it's something that really bothers me every time I come here. No matter how much I like the food, I won't stay in often. The room is a little cramped, and simply a little too loud to stay for long. Unless you're in a window-seat, which insulates against sound nicely.The soups are incredibly though, and must be tasted. And honestly, if you're on the prowl for some quick, cheap and healthy food, you could do much, much worse than Press Coffee!
5	this is one of four edinburgh coffee shops owned by the same barista (jonathan sharp), along with wellington coffee, project coffee and kilimanjaro coffee. all use square mile coffee and their perfectly consistent and passionate baristas work in more than one shop in any given week or month which you'll notice if you try more than one cafe.i tried the flat white and as you'd expect the coffee is cracking -seriously excellent, as it is with all these joints. square mile rotates their coffee seasonally but it's always rich, complex and unlike any other coffee i've tasted in this fine town. really distinctive. the milk is temperature perfect and the texture velvety, packed with micro bubbles and smooth from top to bottom.
4	Looks like The Press is getting quite a hard rap here on Yelp so time for me to step in ...In terms of the coffee, like all of Jonathan's places (Kilimanjaro, The Wellington and The One in Bruntsfield Whose Name I Can't Remember ...) the coffee is 5* and way beyond most Edinburgh places (perhaps other than Artisan Roast!). I would say the soups and paninis are well above average although I am generally only in for a flat white and almond croissant (excellent!)I personally like the minimalism of the space - think he wanted to let the corner location and huge windows speak for themselves. However, I agree it is quite a hard space to make work as a coffee shop - no nooks and crannies ... My main complaints is the cheap plastic chairs which look like they have escaped from a 1980 secondary school - please sort that out as they are extremely uncomfortable and un-befitting of this stylish little place!
4	I really love press. Minimalist decoration, a simple but delicious menu, and one of the best cups of coffee in the whole city.The only thing which I don't love about Press, is its ability to take pennies from my pocket.The space is small, yet there is room to sit both on low tables and higher window seats. On offer are soups, jacket potatoes, paninis, tiffins, brownies, scones, tea, and of course, coffee. The soup is divine, I have tried the lentil and spinach dahl soup, which was lively, fresh and hearty. It came with fresh bread and was very satisfying. I have also had the carrot and coriander soup, which is as good as carrot and coriander soup is going to get. That dahl might just be the best soup in town, if only they offered gluten free bread... The jacket potatoes are supplied by rotato downstairs, so are fluffy on the inside and crisp on the outside-perfection. I have eaten many scones, and I can assure you that there are very good. They are the same which you can get at kilimanjaro, project coffee and wellington coffee, which are under the same management. There are daily scone specials... Sometimes you get plain with apricot jam or raspberry jam, sometimes cranberry scones, sometimes Christmas spice. It's a nice little way to break up a monotonous routine. The tiffins are everything a good tiffin should be, dense, chocolatey, balance between biscuit and raisins. My friend assures me that the brownies are even better.The coffee is just the right temperature, soya milk is available, the coffee is not too bitter and there is a definite crema on top of the espresso. This is really good coffee. I used to come here every Thursday, when I had a long day and an hour between two classes. Unfortunately I spent way too much money here, as it's so close to uni (at the end of buccleuch place near the language buildings) and doesn't offer any student discount. Please make this a little more affordable for students, and I will come back more often for sure.
5	Press Coffee is a nice wee place very near the university and an excellent spot to meet friends after classes finish for the day. The cafe is clean and cute, and the prices aren't too bad. The mocha I had was phenomenal, and I'm excited to return to try out their food. I would definitely recommend this place!
