4	So it's 2AM on a Saturday night and we're famished but saving pennies. What did we stumble across but this little gem. The Cheese and Beef empanadas were just delightful and perfectly crisp. The 2 sandwiches tasted (1 Beef and 1 Camembert) were both wonderful surprises, especially the Camembert with apple and pesto. The 2 staff were eager to please even though they struggled with their English and (unfortunately for them) seemed to have little French. However, the quality of the food spoke eloquently enough for me.
4	Great Venezuelan fast food in Montreal. Great place to come after stumbling out of one of the night clubs on Saint-Laurent, like Muzique for instance. I was expecting some mediocre food but the arepas were done right.
4	i don't eat chicken or beef, so my options were fairly limited here. but that doesn't really matter, because the one veggie sandwich is absolutely awesome. it's a Camembert sandwich with apples, avocados, and pesto. the flavors blend really well, and i'm definitely going to hit this up on a weekly basis.
4	Bocadillo opens late until 4 am on weekends, perfect for satisfying late night snack craving! Two locations are available, one on St.Laurent above Prince Arthur, the other on Mont-royal and St. Laurent.We had a full meal here - at 11 pm after dinner ha ha, but having passion fruit pulled pork sandwich only would make you happy, along with an imported soda - we had delicious apple soda. Also, not to missed, their tres leches is just a fantastic dessert experience!
4	Mmmmmmmmmmmm. Loved the food here! I know this place is known as a late night joint, but we went during the day and enjoyed ourselves. All the food here felt very comfort food-y. My boyfriend had the shredded beef arepa, and I had a chicken one with avocado and mayo. My boyfriend remarked that mine looked like a chicken pot pie! Both were delicious. We also ordered a side of coleslaw (good, pretty creamy), and fried yucca (OMG, delicioius!!!). Ask for a little hot sauce to pour on your arepa, and/or mix in with the mayo they give you.One star off because the service was okay, but confusing. When we got there, we didn't know what we wanted, so the guy behind the counter said to take the menus to a table, and he'd come take our order in a few minutes... but he never did end up coming over, after we'd made our decisions. So we ended up back at the counter, but only after a bunch of other people had ordered. Alas, the staff were still friendly and kind, and the food was cheap and delicious.
5	Can't express how tasty and unique the food is here. Had the pulled pork arepa, unbelievable.
4	Great food and flavor!! Me and my friends loved the food and the staff is friendly. They made great arepas and a delish breakfast sandwich. We also tried the empanadas and something else w guava and cheese inside, and another type with plantains and cheese. Def recommend. Would like their menu to be translated into English and for their coffee to improve; otherwise I would've given them 5 stars!
4	Can't go wrong with the empanadas and tequenos. Make sure to ask for the garlic sauce. Best after-bar snack.
5	Highly recommend! The staff is kind and the food is phenomenal. The pulled pork is one of the best things I had during a month in Montreal. Also, try an empanada.  Any of them. Everything here is delicious!
3	The food was good... but I found the Arepas sort of small. Also, I got the pulled pork with passion fruit, and have to say, while it was good, it was not the best pulled pork I've had. The Casava fries however were quite good and crispy. The service however was HORRIBLY slow!!! We waited over 45 mins for our food, even after ordering at the front. For a place that does mainly fast food type food... this wait is unacceptably long.  I may return to try their other foods, but have to say, while it was good, it was not phenomenal.
4	My friends and I were directed down Boul St-Laurent to a burger place with amazing fries. After walking a few blocks, we decided this might be the place. In actuality, it wasn't. However, I think we made the right choice.The menu on the wall is only in French, but the staff is very eager to help translate and make recommendations. He described one sandwich so well that we all decided to order it. The Camembert came with avocado, lettuce, apples, pesto, and Camembert cheese. It was served on a grilled roll and with pesto mayo on the side. I recommend using the wooden stick holding your sandwich together to spread the mayo on before each bite. The sandwich was fresh and a good mix of flavors and textures. I also shared a chicken and cheese empanada with a friend. It was different than what I've had in the states. The shell was doughy and greasy. Maybe corn-based? Not like the more flaky dough I've experienced. This was also paired with the pesto mayo, a more fitting pairing than the sandwich. The staff checked in on us multiple times and were very friendly. A great option if you're wondering St-Laurent area for a meal.
3	Located on St Laurent street, Bocadillo specializes in  Venezuelan fast food. The service is VERY slow, but the staff is super friendly. Their Arepas are yumm. Tried the one with pulled pork and passion fruit. The combination was good, but not the best pulled pork I 've had. The Beef Mechada was ok. Nothing special. Also tried their empanada's. Were tasty, but a bit too greasy for me. They are open late during the weekends (4 am ish). Won't be my first choice, but If its too late and I don't feel like Banquise /  Schwartz's or Chinatown, I'd definitely be backFood -  Good Service - Friendly  Ambiance - CasualWorth the money - I'd say so
4	Great pulled pork sandwiches after a night of drinking ;) little pricey but worth it.
4	They take longer to cook than you think but it's usually worth it.
4	Yum! Bocadillo is a unique eatery that will fill you with satisfaction. Strategically situated on The Main, it provides late nighters and day passers alike with a tasty and affordable meal. I had yesterday evening the fried chicken salad arepa with avocado served with a side of fries. As I have had Bocadillo many times before, I concluded that I prefer the grilled option for the arepa. Nonetheless, my tummy was pleased with this fast food restaurant's take on Venezuelan cuisine. Also, I tried their yuccas once before and they are equally good (much better than the fries, the fries are decently seasoned but nothing out of the ordinary). Dipping the arepa and the yuccas in their savoury signature sauce (I believe it is mayonnaise with avocado, not sure though) is a match made in heaven.
4	Ordered the Passion Fruit Pork Sandwich trio from the Saint-Laurent location and I'm not a pulled pork connoisseur so I'm not going to enter the debate of whether it's the best in Montreal, but for me, this sandwich was delicious (and I was amazed at how fresh the side salad was)! It was packed with juicy and not overly sweet pulled pork. Staff was friendly and polite. I would agree with a few others that it does take some time for the cooks to make your order but keep in mind that you're not ordering burgers from McDonald's. If you have the patience and want to try some tasty ethnic food, Bocadillo is the place to go.
5	Love it :) All fromage Arepa or Cartina are the best :) Lots of cheeese!! love it
5	Out of this world.  I've had many a meal here, but never a bad one.  So what if it's slow sometimes? Relax.  Extra green sauce, every time.\\
1	Bad service, expensive food. There are other  Venezuelan places in the city that showcase the typical flavours on a better way and at a right price. Again, service was awful.
