5	The doctors here are awesome!I found out I have a stress fracture in my second metatarsal in my left foot.  Being a runner, I not only need my feet but need a doc that understands what I am going through.  Dr. Wyant made me feel at ease and comfortable talking about any issue that I needed to about my concerns with returning to running afterwards.I had my first cast put on by Stan, and wow...this walking cast was almost like not having a cast in the first place!  After three weeks, they took the cast off to x-ray and still fractured...so Stan put on the second cast, too.  Now...I didn't know this the first time, but Stan does ultrasounds at EVFA...so he casted me as a favor!Thanks, Dr. Wyant and Stan for making an unpleasant injury as pleasant as you both could!
5	I've been seeing Dr Wyant at East Valley Foot & Ankle for about 4 years because I've had some foot issues since I was little. I've always been able to get an appointment within a few days and the office staff have been really nice & helpful (even when trying to help me get the referral faxed from my PCP, whose office staff isn't as great). I love that they have xray equipment on site and it's been really quick getting into a MRI at EVDI when I've needed one.
5	Dr. Haddon is amazing.  I had a several badly deformed toes from a previous surgery many years ago.  I have been limping along (both figuratively and literally) for years with pain ranging from uncomfortable to debilitating.  With a simple surgery, he fixed the problem in a way that I didn't think possible.  I would have had this done years earlier if I'd known a relatively easy (though he wouldn't say his part was easy) fix was possible.  I would highly recommend Dr. Haddon.  He is just outstanding in my book!
5	There is no one like Dr. Lewis Freed.  He is incredibly smart, kind, and he takes time with his  patients. Dr. Freed explains everything in laymen's terms. As a medical person, I really appreciate his dedication to his practice.
5	I have been going to Dr. Scott Wyant approximately 20 years, since he was a "new" doctor. I have been diabetic for over 25 years, and have had only minor issues with my feet because of that condition due to watchful care from both of us.  I also have degenerative arthritis in my feet.  It is becoming more difficult to walk, but I am determined to be mobile as long as possible.  Dr. Wyant has given treatment options, and his suggestions and referrals for semi annual cortisone shots has helped keep me walking. I am sorry that one person had a bad experience as I read their review here.  I have nothing but good things to say about this particular Dr. at this practice.
1	Unbelievable,  these people are 30 minutes late and I am their 3rd patient of the day!!  Really?!
