1	I have been to Dazzling Nails a few times and it was never the best place to get your nails done but it was cheap, and they did a relatively good job on your nails.  I recently went back and the place had gone waaay downhill.  The place was dirtier than ever before- they didn't even bother putting down a fresh towel for you to place your hands upon to avoid touching the nail clippings of the previous customer.  The floors were coated with a layer of dirt and god knows what else and the back room where they make you go to wash your hands was a disgusting mess with food sitting out and dirty towels and dishes everywhere.  To add insult to injury, my nail polish was clearly diluted with water and I didn't notice until I went out into the natural light that it looked really uneven as a result of that.  This place was never luxury but I felt really dirty and somewhat violated after leaving it the last time.
4	I had a friend in town visiting me this weekend, and since I have only been living in Champaign for a few months, I wasn't sure where to go for a last-minute manicure and pedicure--on a Sunday no less.Dazzling Nails saved the day. Every nail salon I could reach was closed except this place. Despite being busy--we didn't have appointments although you can schedule them if you want--we didn't wait more than 20 minutes, and the place was packed due to Mother's day.Both of the women who did our mani-pedis were quick but very thorough. They did a great job and my nails still look great a week and a half out. The service was very conscientious and friendly, and the cost very reasonable. My friend also got her eyebrows waxed at the last minute:- Manicure $10- Pedicure $20- Eyebrows $8Just on the other side of the Amtrak station and tracks, and inside a little mini-mall, you can get your nails done and then head to the Green Street Cafe or ethnic market next door for a snack. The only downsides were the tight squeeze of the location, how busy it was at 3pm, and the lack of ambiance, but the service was excellent. I highly recommend this cheap yet thorough salon.
5	So worth the walk down Green Street!! This place is super clean and the people doing manicures and pedicures know what they are doing!! Appointments are taken (not necesary) because the wait is never too long. Manicures are only $10 and pedicures $20. English is spoken here also.
5	I have to echo what Elizabeth T. said about this place! It is literally the only nail salon open on Sunday afternoon in Champaign! For $30 bucks, I was able to get a manicure and pedicure done at 4pm on Sunday! The place was definitely very busy and we waited roughly 15 mins or so without an appointment.Everyone was very nice and accommodating. I loved the big screen tv in the middle of the place, which was playing newly released movies on DVDs (saw their pile of Netflix rentals). This is nicely added touch as it made the hour or so fly by! Definitely worth checking out if you're in town!
4	Probably my top nail spot so far in Champaign/Urbana. They do a nice job and listen to what you want. Prices are very reasonable and they have a big tv that usually has a popular movie on. However, I don't feel the comfortable conversation vibe as I do with the people over at Modern Nails. Also, the salon is not top-notch or anything.. you won't get a nice spa ambiance here but they do get the job done.I recommend bringing your own flip flops or whatever.
4	I went there based on reviews over a year old in hopes they were still as good now and I am happy with their services. They cleaned up my cuticles and dead skin so everything looks nice and smooth. The massage chair was awesome! Everyone was nice. The only reason I did not give it 5 stars is that the foot/leg massage was just smoothing lotion on, not really a massage. But for 20 bucks, I definitely got my money's worth. By the way, I tipped heavily because if they are only charging $20 for a hour's worth of work, their employees can probably use the extra.
3	Today was my first visit here so I went with an open mind. I needed a pedicure and didn't have time to drive across town to my favorite place during my lunch hour.  It was pretty much what I expected and nothing much exceptional.  Quick & cheap. The girl who worked on me did a fairly good job and didn't rush through it.  What bothered me about this place was there were 4 workers but only 2 did all the work.  One of the poor girls was about ready to drop a baby and I watched her do an acrylic nail set and a pedicure.  The other two, clearly one was the owner, sat on their butts eating food and playing on their phone and iPad.  They shouted back and forth and laughed very loudly.  It was very annoying.  I did not feel comfortable in this place.  It wasn't the cleanest either.  It is unlikely I'll return in the future.
2	Lady was very very rude. Made insulting comments about my face.The nails were done very fast and very sloppy. My mani pedi took 20 minutes. That is ridiculous. Never going back
3	Not a bad spot to get a quick and cheap manicure. It's not a fancy place but the staff are very nice and efficient. Good color choices like most other places OPI and Essie. It's very inexpensive. I think 10 for a basic manicure.They also have no chip and other services.
4	After reading the reviews on here, I was a little skeptical and not expecting too much from this nail salon, but I was pleasantly surprised! I needed an acrylic fill and two nails repaired and they got to work on my nails right away. The woman who did my nails was very quick, but did a great job. I was very happy with the results. The only negative thing I can say is that the two nails she repaired were a little sore, but I think she just filed a little too much around my cuticles. I will be returning to his salon
5	Terrific. Clean and many great color choices. Close to campus and all nail techs have tons of experience. Walk in or appointments. The prices are very reasonable.
