5	250th Review!!! WOOT WOOT!  Every year my office has a Team Appreciation Event, a party for us! Been with the company 12 years and we have done a lot, but this time we went the idea of having an Hawaiian Luau, for family and coworkers. Being on the events committee at work, we knew what we wanted just didn't know where to go and didn't want cheesy tiki torches lit in someone's back yard, we did some research and found Tia's Royal Islander out in the east valley. What a great find! Tia's Royal Islander is a perfect place for you Hawaiian luau, they have the perfect location, they have the performers, and they have the food! It's a party just waiting for people to show up! And they are local & family owned!So we found the place, set the date and then waited for the fun to begin! For the buffet, we had Kalua Pork (omg delish!!!) Teriyaki Chicken (everyone was raving about the chicken) Island Rice, BBQ Beans, Tropical Fruit Salad and some dinner rolls, some tropical punch, and hot chocolate (it was a cold Nov day for this event) and even mai tais!    Everyone got their food and waited for the show to being.Oh let me also say that while everyone is arriving to the event there is a live band & signer too, you quickly get into the island spirit! Oh but the entertainment is what its all about! Hula dancers & fire dancer!!! Oh it was such a great show!   If you are looking for an Hawaiian or Island themed place for an event, this is your place!! Did I tell you it was family run?  Ohana means family and at Tia's they will treat you like one of their own!**ps yea I know I went a little picture crazy, but this was a great place & great event!
5	Once again, Tia's Royal Islanders had our guests still raving about the show the next day.  This is the second time I've booked them for a special event for a conference our company helps coordinate in Arizona each year. Just incredible!Thanks for a great show!Pat FisherElysium IncSouthfield, Michigan
4	Food was decent (tasty but salty pork, didn't like the chicken, great beans and fruit salad)Band was goodDancers were amazing, especially the fire dancerWe're already planning to book a dancer for an upcoming event. This is a nice, family run establishment and they make it easy and really enjoyable. I'd totally recommend them for a big party or corporate event.
4	Wound up at Tia's Royal Islander for another Team Appreciation Event, everyone had such a great time the 1st time, we decided to come back!Again, the venue is gorgeous, you feel like you have left the valley and have been transported to the islands. A very beautiful location.The food was great, again we had the buffet, Kalua Pork, Teriyaki Chicken, Island Rice, tropical fruit, and grilled mixed veggies. Everything was delish! There also was coffee, coco, tropical punch, and mai tais :)  I happen to really love the pork; it was tender, juicy and just delish!The entertainment is the reason we were are here! The Hula Dancers & Fire Dancer they are amazing!   In the background is a live band playing.The show is even interactive with your group; some people get pulled up on stage to help the dancers out.This is truly a family run business too, from Mom & Pop, daughters, sons, grandkids, cousins and more. If you are looking for a different type of event for your group I would highly recommend Tai's Royal Islander!  It had been 2 years since the last time we came and the service and show was still just as spectacular as the 1st time.
