4	During my recent stint as "college student", I was relegated to very little selection for a place to dine during the early morning hours of my classes. Often, my classmates (who were all usually 8-10 years younger than me) would suggest Filiberto's, but since I'm not a huge fan of jalapenos at 9am and had since outgrown my "cold pizza" college kid days, I decided to search elsewhere.Bruegger's Bagels was my salvation. Taking the recommendation of one of my instructors, I drove down one day during my half hour break and tried it out. Fresh baked bagels with a variety of cream cheeses and toppings beats a basket of stale tortilla chips any day. The coffee wasn't bad either and helped to recharge my batteries for the downward slope of my school day.It was never very busy, even during the time of year when ASU was in session and the price was pretty reasonable to boot. A great place to go and recharge... and to complain about your instructors with other disgruntled classmates.
5	bagels are one of my top breakfast meals and this place has the yummiest bagels i've ever tasted.i'm a stickler (p.s. why do i feel like a fifth grade teacher whenever i use the word "stickler"?) for good bread, and i hate bagels that taste like bland, toasted white bread (l;ike the kind you get at safeway).these bagels are hard to describe - buttery? rich, tasty... a good consistency and texture, pretty much perfect. the cream cheese is pretty good, too - heavier than the "whipped" variety you would get at like Einstein's. and all the standard flavors of both bagel and cheese. the bagel sandwiches are fresh and good, and they have salads, too.can get busy during the semester in the morning, but not ever absurdly long wait. i think ithey have free wi fi, too.
4	They have an amazingly primo location, right next to ASU and all those local businesses.  They actually have a good amount of seating and easily accessible parking!  This alone practically makes the place 4 star worthy.  What nails it is the staff.  Everyone has been professional, friendly and super helpful.  I've seen folks who forgot to take all their cream cheeses, and they'll remind them they are entitled to them in the deal.  So many places would just let you leave.  Notice I haven't mentioned their food yet?  Well, there is a reason. It is 100% ok.  I've never gotten anything bad - ever.  But nothing has been great either.  Average menu options, with some nice choices.  Bagels are ok, but nothing to write home about.  One of my favorite things is that for a sandwich you can upgrade your bagel to a wrap, artisan bread or a "softwich" which is like a bagel but softer and square.  It's never going to be a bad choice, and the super service will have you leaving with a smile on your face.
5	Just went into Brueggers this morning and they told me today was their last day! They are closing :( Oh well...guess no carb loading for me.*****Ok....let me preface this by saying I use to work at a Brueggers Bagels in college (in Michigan). Usually when a person works at a food place of business they do not like to frequent it once they quit/leave.However....I still love my bruggers. First of all...they make all of their bagels in the store (unlike the other bagel chain that starts with and E and ends with a stein). Their bagels are yummy and crispy and I am in love with their everything bagel. Yeah...the soups come out of a bag...but I gotta admit they are super tasty! I am so excited there is a brueggers on my way into work while I am in AZ...and I hope I do not overdue my carb intake while I am here.
