4	El Charro is a little Mexican grocery and restaurant that makes up for lack of ambiance in flavor. The restaurant itself has authentic and cheap Mexican fast food- delicious tacos with succulent meat on tender tortillas with cilantro, giant burritos, and other delights like spicy tamales on the weekends. The grocery has staples like plain old salt mixed in with Mexican imports. The produce sections has avocados for all your guacamole-making needs. There are also lots of Mexican sauces, candy, pastries, and other snacks. Not too many people seem to know how much better this place is than other local competitors, so check it out.
4	I like this store because they sell some mexican groceries and also have mexican food ready-to-order. The staff was helpful. I give this store an A for effort, however I wish they carried more of a selection of Mexican brand items.
5	Yes.Gracias a dios que hay una restaurante semiautentico en Champaign!I wasn't disappointed by my delicious Milanesa torta, and the staff was friendly and helpful, they didn't mind our loudness, and they had real Mexican coke.Only offering Manzana Lift would make things better.  Plenty of spice staples are available, and you can even get a nice selection of nopales (cactus), if you're so inclined.Great place, one I'll be visiting quite often.
5	i haven't tried every mexican place in champaign but i'm just going to go out on a limb and assume el charro is the best out there.  it reminded me of chano's back home in los angeles, good solid taqueria food that isn't culinary brilliance but is most definitely authentic and delicious.  the milanese torta was awesome - it was perfect proportioned and neatly put together which is a must when it comes any type of sandwich for me.  the tamales are smallish but yummy.  i was also very very excited to see la lechera (the best way to top berries, hands down) and all the different flavors of jarritos! yay for el charro for giving me a reason not to miss home as much as i potentially could have!
5	In Champaign-Urbana, this is THE best Mexican taqueria (maybe the only one?).  I had a killer craving for chorizo and eggs one morning to cure a hangover.  Not only was the chorizo perfectly cooked with the eggs, but it came with delicious beans, rice and a very generous helping of tortillas to eat it with.  I also bought some candy and a strawberry Boing! drink and the total was only $7.50.  Very reasonably priced and worth every bite!  Breakfast this great tasting would cost a lot more anywhere else.  Everything tasted delicious, and I am excited to try their pozole (a hominy soup) and tamales, which the (really nice) guy working said was all homemade in the shop.BOYCOTT CHIPOTLE AND QDOBA!  Go to El Charro and eat real Mexican food.
5	This place is amazing!  Hands down best Mexican food and it's located in a little 'tiendita'  Go on the weekends and when they have delicious carnitas.  You have not tasted carnitas until you have tried theirs.  Ask for a sample, they will give you a little hunk for free.  And even the tongue here is amazing.  Blows away El Torro, Dos, Amigos and all the other places on campus.  Make sure you wash it down with a Jarrito...preferably Tamarind.  Trust these west coast people, they know their stuff!
5	Alejandro made me the most incredible huaracha (mexican flatbread topped with the goods...means sandal in Spanish)  The onions and cilantro were fresh as always.  Must get the carnitas on the weekends.   The only other place I saw huaraches was at Rick Bayless's Frontera fast food place at Macy's on State St.  Rick Bayless ain't got shit on Alejandro.   He recommended all these fantastic Mexican places for me in Chicago.As always if you are curious as to how carnitas tastes or the awesome tongue or pastor, he's usually very helpful with samples.  Treat him right and he'll take really good care of you.The guac was the best I've ever had.  Even better than my own.  His ingredients are much fresher than what I can get...no fair.  Tons of yummy cilantro.Best place on campus hands down.I miss this place so much; one of the few things about school I miss.
4	I have to say, when I first came to Champaign-Urbana, I heard about many different restaurants from different people, but none of them were Mexican. As much as I like it, Chipotle doesn't count. I have eaten lots of somewhat authentic Mexican food in my life time, but I honestly never expected to find a place like this!It's a pretty easy place to miss. It's a tiny brick building that says "Mexican Grocery Store", and the interior is certainly isn't going to win any awards for cleanliness. But I wasn't fooled, I could tell right away that this place was going to serve me true authentic mexican cuisine.The menu above the counter might be hard to read, but they had a very nice selection of meats to choose from for their tacos. I tried Carnitas, Shredded Beef, and Chorizo tacos. All of them were quite delicious!But the food wasn't the only impressive part about this establishment. When my friends and I went, it was manned by just one person, and he was extremely friendly to boot. He really deserves a medal for the effort.
2	Tried this place the first week in C-U. After having read the reviews, I was expecting more. The woman at  the counter was friendly, but the food was disappointing. Ordered enchiladas verdes (chicken) - not the best, not the worst... but the place was so dirty, I couldn't finish my meal. The floors were so greasy/dirty you could slide to the table...the tables hadn't been wiped in who knows how long, and the garbage was overflowing (and we were the only ones there at the moment). There were flies all over the place. The produce looked so sad and wilted. The canned goods should be the same as anywhere else, but it doesn't seem like it's much better stocked than the Meijer or World Harvest for what I typically buy. I'd prefer to go to Chicago for canned goods, tortillas, masa, etc. (Tortillas and masa keep very well in the freezer) or if in a pinch, buy some from a restaurant that gets its goods from Chicago.Bottom line- the food isn't anything remarkable and the lack of cleanliness is disconcerting.
4	It's a small hole-in-wall Mexican looking place, not American looking, kinda rough around the edges, it's not Taco Bell, so if that's what you want, American tacos and chimichangas and things like that, go to Taco Bell. If you want authentic Mexican food in a place that will make you think you are in a modest place in Mexico, go to El Charro.I just ate there for the first time, after buying groceries in the past. The guy cooking today did a great job, the best taco I have had in the US, a genuine Mexican taco, not smeared with canned bean paste, but lightly dressed with salsa (not the jarred salsa, real salsa), the delicious chorizo I ordered, grilled peppers and grilled onions. Small, inexpensive, and very delicious. A couple of squeeze bottles of sauce on the table, get yourself a drink from the cooler or the fountain, and you're set. Tip: the bottled Coke is Mexico formula, not US formula, and is quite a bit sweeter, if you want an American type Coke, get a fountain Coke.While I was there I picked up a dozen tamales to take home, and I can't wait to try them. I'll post a review about them when I try them.
4	I steamed up the tamales yesterday and they were great, a mix of chicken and beef tamales.When I was a little kid I got tamales from a truck at the beach and I loved them. I thought that was how tamales were, factory made tubes of really yellow corn meal with consistently round tubes of ground beef in the middle. The tamales at El Charro are the definitely handmade variety, and could not be more authentic or better. Shredded chicken or shredded beef perfectly seasoned.Go in and order a dozen for pickup in a couple of days, or maybe some will be available right then. Steam them up for a couple of hours and you will be very happy.
5	Real authentic Mexican dishes, right in the middle of C/U.  Been here a few times now and everything tried was spectacular.Got spoiled in CA with taco trucks serving scrumptious goodness everywhere.  For being in Illinois, nothing else outside of Chicago can compare. Don't be put off by the looks, or worry too much about the floors/tables.  The grocery store and food counter are unassuming and homey (homely?).  Everything is super cheap for the quality and quantity.  It's a non-corporate family venture, the same folks are always working.If it looks good, and smells tasty,just eat!Alejandro is really friendly, and he's kinda super hot as well.  He'll help you figure out something to try if you are unsure.
5	This is the real deal. The owner is very friendly and I like him even though I would like him even more if he actually liked futbol-soccer haha! Anyways, go there on Wednesday for his delicious $1 tacos, they are great. I have been frequenting this place since I my first visit to this area 2 years ago and will continue to go there as long as I am here in Illinois :D
5	Perfectly TRADITIONAL Mexican. Tacos w cilantro, onion, and wedge of lime. Divine, yet so simple.
5	Best tacos and tamales in town, also, the best price. I absolutely love the place, the food is so good,and the owner is about the nicest guy ever. If you want ripe avocados, do not waste your time at any other grocery store.It looks like everyone else has said it better, so I will just state that; I concur, and thank heavens for El Charro.
5	If you're looking for cheap, authentic Mexican food, this is the place. Yeah, the place isn't the greatest-looking place to eat, but the food is fresh and flavorful. I really like the different choices of meat on the menu besides just chicken and beef. My friends and I ordered some chips and guacamole as starters and the guacamole was very fresh. In addition, the place is also a grocery store with meat, spices, avocado, and etc. The price isn't too bad at the grocery store at all. The avocado seems fresher than the ones you would buy at the big chain grocery stores. If you want a recommendation on something from the grocery store, I would ask the owner who works there. He's super nice and friendly.
4	NOM NOM NOM NOM NOMthis is what happened to the tamales I bought from El Charro. I would give 5 stars for the food deliciousness level, but i would give 3 stars for the wait.  I called in advance to carry out and I still had to wait 15 min just to pay.
4	This little taqueria reminds me of the ones back in chicago. A hole in the wall but the food definitely makes up for it. I recommend the lengua with their homemade hot sauce. I've kept for a secret long enough. I always get the tacos with a jarrito.
3	The outside of the building and the interior is disconcerting, so the first time I came in with a friend, I didn't expect a whole lot.  Then I ordered steak, chorizo and chicken tacos and what I found was fresh ingredients and some really authentic, tasty Mexican food.  The meat is always cooked to order, and the lettuce is always green, tomatoes fresh and corn tortillas are delicious.  All the tacos come with a slice of lime and adds a lot to the flavor.  Sometimes if its not busy, they'll add in some fried green onions.The guy that is always working there taking orders is always friendly and recognizes me from coming in before and even offered some free nachos and homemade salsa my second time coming in since I had been there the day before.I've only tried the assorted tacos there, but their 1 dollar taco deal every Wednesday makes it worth checking it out.  Plus, if you are a HUGE fan of Valentina hot sauce as I am (check it out!) a similar bottle from one at Schnucks selling at about 3-4 dollars, sells here for 99 cents.  There's some generic grocery items on the shelves, and a huge fridge that has Coke bottled in Mexico (has real sugar and tastes better), assorted Jarritos and other drinks.My only gripe about the place was the overall dirty feel of where people eat.  I gave it a 3/5 because the tables are dirty, garbage was almost full and haven't been cleaned.  They're pretty understaffed, so there is a wait time for wanting to pay, and probably why the tables look like they're never cleaned.  However, the cooking area and food storage is easily visible when you come in, and you can tell that, thankfully, it is sanitary and clean.
4	Good tacos and cheap eats, a college students dream. Wednesday is dollar taco day and they are very flavorful. Made to order and it might take a while because it gets packed but its worth the wait.
4	I'd walked past this place many, many times before actually going in.  My boyfriend and I referred to it (lovingly) as the "shady Mexican" place.  He grew up in an area with plenty of authentic Mexican food, and apparently they have the right kind of chairs here that mean they serve good, authentic food.  Or something like that.The point is, the food here is really good.  And it's really cheap, which is a rare but appreciated combination.  I usually get the huaraches since it's something different than what you normally see at "Mexican" restaurants.  Everything seems really fresh, and the guy working there is always really friendly.  The absolute only reason I'm giving four stars instead of five is because the place isn't the cleanest I've seen.  But don't let the shadiness scare you away!  If you don't particularly care for the seating area, just get your food to go.They have some competition now with Maize open just down the street, but if you ask me, El Charro is just as good.  So if you like Maize, definitely give El Charro a chance!
5	The best carne asada around these parts!! Steak milanesa sandwich is so good! The menudo is like grandmas. The taco and burritos are really good too!! Purchase beef chorizo from there alos... and GOOD! No issues with this little place!! Great job!
4	Very, very nice owner.  Proper tacos.  Best place in town for lengua tacos.  I'm a regular.  I like Maize, too, but I prefer El Charro.
5	Dollar taco Wednesdays! Awesome tacos.
4	The owner of this place is really friendly and he makes an effort to get to know his customers. The employees are definitely juggling a lot of tasks at once, which makes them not be able to provide the best customer service. This business had grown a lot in the past three years but because of that, they resort to skimping out on food in tacos. The food is really good and based off of the taste of food I would recommend coming here but don't expect the three tables to be clean. I would also recommend coming here during the weekends because their specialty food is good. If you want a authentic food this is definitely the place to try.
2	Restaurant review:I can see why some people in Champaign don't "buy in" with the yelp reviews. This is by far a significant drop from Maize which is just around the corner. Based on the reviews I was excited to try this as an alternative because there was actually seats and I could eat the food fresh from the kitchen. When you walk in you will notice that this place is sort of a hole in the wall place. I had to even ask if they accepted credit cards, yes they do! Everything in the restaurant was sticky from the menu to table to the floor. Usually that may mean good traditional food. Unfortunately this was not the case. I ordered a carne asada and enjoyed my mexican coke eating complimentary chips with salsa. The chips are straight from a bag and the salsa was quite bland. I was hungry so I enjoyed my chips still and ate the whole basket. When my carne asada came it was not what I expected. The meat was hidden in a pile of chopped up onion, peppers, and large chunks of green onion stems. Why would you put giant pieces of green onion in with the carne asada. These were not pleasant and bitter tasting. The carne asada is usually very tender the way it was prepared. This was again not the case. Very thinly sliced meat that was very chewy. The problem is that it was thinly sliced so it was quite over cooked. The refried beans was a soupy mess, but the mexican rice was passable. All and all this does not come even close to maize in the term of quality and flavor. Did I mention that there was so much oil in the dish... Finally when I paid I did not get an itemized receipt but as I saw him adding the price of the entree I believe I was overcharged as the menu list 8.99 for the carne asada, but I was charged 9.50. Seriously...Pro: None....Cons: The restaurant is not clean, the quality of the meat is poor, bland salsa, very greasy carne asadaHidden gem:1 dollar tacos on Wednesday
5	They made really good food, had fast and friendly service and gave us free tequila shots. Needless to say it is a fantastic place.
