5	TLC has some of the most knowledgable docs in the bus, Drs Bonin and Bladow and phenomenal masseuse Rachel Mussili.  I have seen exceptional improvement in my neck & back.  The team is about healing you from the core.  Thank you TLC!
5	Dr Chris and Dr Sonya really live up to their business namesake - Total Lifestyle Chiropractic. Their program goes well beyond just chiropractic adjustments to include nutrition, exercise, and physical and emotional well being. They truly care about their clients and strive to help each one of them live a happy and healthy life. I highly recommend that you utilize this company if you are looking to improve your overall lifestyle and health.
5	TLC truly has comprehensive approach to health and wellness.  My wife and children have been to see both Dr. Chris and Dr. Sonya for care and would highly recommend them to anyone.
5	Good people, good care, very creative approach to wellness. I come from over twenty miles away just to see them.
5	Dr. Chris and Sonya are the best! I was amazed with the level care I received. When I was done they had gone over every detail to ensure I fully understood where I was at and what to do to prevent it from re-occurring. They made me feel like a pro as they gave me all the info I needed so I can say goodbye to my back problems for good. They even did my 3D back scan right in the office. One word sums it up. Amazing!
5	Dr. Chris is a great chiropractor. He has adjusted me several times and I always feel like he addresses all of my concerns. I've been adjusted by many different chiopractors and Dr. Chris is one of the best. Thanks Dr. Chris!
5	We have been using Dr Chris and Dr Sonya for a few years and they have both been great. True to the name Total Lifestyle they look at all aspects of your life and help you make improvements.
5	We have been using Dr Chris and Dr Sonya for a few years and they have both been great. True to the name Total Lifestyle they look at all aspects of your life and help you make improvements.
5	This chiropractor cracks me up. Don't worry about scheduling an appointment because they are super flexible and they'll make all the adjustments necessary. Don't be spineless, get up the nerve and come in. They may have a bone to pick with you, but everything will straighten out in the end. Don't get bent out of shape if you have to go back more than once though.
