4	I am so full right now I can hardly write a review.  And I only ate 1/2 of what was on my plate. And I wanted to eat more, even in my state of "way too full", but I held back.  Chayo's Mexican Kitchen is a little gem. Walking in I was greeted by one of the owners and she told me with pride that they had been open for almost exactly a year.  The place was adorned with lots of Mexican pottery and had the feeling that it was decorated with love.  Goofy I know, but it had that, "my grandma takes pride in this" kind of feeling.  I hope you're still with me here.  Anyhow, it's got all the traditional contenders, but a little combo of 2 tacos and a chicken cheese quesadilla had me stuffed before I got more than a bite or two into the quesadilla.  The tacos were on soft corn tortillas that could barely contain all the super flavorful beef, red & green pepper and onion.  They were awesome.  The only thing that wasn't totally on the money was the salsa given w/ the chips.  You got 3 selections and I asked which one was hot.  I was told that the green tomatillo was hottest.  I started w/ the thin red sauce.  It tasted like fresh tomatoes.  Nice, but hardly a dipping sauce.  The pico de gallo was lovely and very fresh, but a little more cilantro would have given it a nicer kick.  The Tomatillo was barely mild for me.  With 3 available options, though the flavors were great, it would have been nice to have more options in heat.  Based on New Mexico traditions, this is a great spot.  Just don't waste too much time on the chips and salsa.
2	When Chayo's first opened I was very excited - a new Mexican restaurant in the neighborhood to try. As of November it looks like it has closed down.They had good beef chimis and a yummy green salsa. The quality (and temperature) of other items, like the red chili beef seemed to vary quite a bit from visit to visit.Sometimes there were language issues with wait staff. Sometimes the wait staff didn't seem be as familiar with the menu as one would hope.As time went on,  it seemed like less care went into the food's preparation. Also, once I'd tried everything, and discovered most things were okay, but not great, I was left with a very small list of things to draw me back there.The booths were kind of small unless you are skinny. The tables were all covered with tile, which is pretty, but somewhat annoying as you have to worry about how you set down your drink. I'm sad that another mom and pop restaurant closed down, but I'd stopped going to Chayo's a few months ago and I won't miss it as much as I might have.
4	I loved this place. THe food was great.If anyone has any idea if these people started something new I'd love to know!
