4	This hookah cafe once had this location in the past, gave it up, moved to Oakland, then reopened this original location. There is some competition with another hookah cafe on the other end of Carson, but this place opens earlier, is arguably more authentic, and its owners have been doing this longer. They have cold and hot drinks, snacks, sandwiches, pies, salads, grape leaves, and hummous. Food is half off between 4pm and 8pm.Hookahs start at $8. They change the coals often.
1	In all, our visit in mid-December was nothing to tell others about. The decor was hastily thrown together with cheap fabric & a sewing machine which lends to the second rate feel of the place. The owner laid on a chair and barked for the server to bring her more hot coals & smoked all night. The food was lackluster & I've had a better hookah for the price. We decided we wouldn't go back but then, over a month later, they actually debited my account for the transaction. Who waits over month to take the money?! Would never recommend this place to anyone!
2	The hookah flavor is good, but...more expensive, "special" is a higher price,  they force you to buy beverages or food per person!  charge a high service tax, and close earlier.
1	Worst place ever! Worst service! Worst experience! These people are not used to serving food. Got this Groupon for my dads birthday and ended up having to take him to Hoffbrahaus to make it up to him afterwards. First off, there are no belly dancers even though they advertise it. We were a group of 4. Called beforehand to see if reservations were needed and was told they don't take them. When we got there we were the only people "dining" and they were scrambling and apologizing for being shorthanded. Again, we were the only ones in the entire place eating and it was like 7pm. Fine. We're reasonable people. First impression; Sketchy, drab, dirty, poor floor plan, and not dining friendly. I have been to authentic middle eastern restaurants where you sit on the floor and am part Bengali so I know what to expect. The floor plan was ridiculous for "dining". We had to share this tiny little coffee table with 4 orders of food. Two people had to sit on chairs while the other two on the floor, which made for a very awkward seating arrangement. A group of people came in after we ordered and got all of their specialty drinks looong before us. In fact, our drinks came after our food was consumed!! I was lucky bc I ordered a pepsi which came instantly in a can. One ordered a specialty iced tea, which should already be pre made/ready to serve since it's cold. My poor dad had to steal some of my drink. But wait, it gets better! Food came out at different times for everyone and was mediocre at best. My falafel sandwich was mushy and bland. Pita was dry. Fries that were supposed to come with the meal, came after everyone finished their meal. Fries were good and plentiful, but too little too late. No napkins were provided until I had to go up to ask for them-ALSO after everyone finished their meal. They said they ran out of napkins and handed me a dirty roll of paper towels from the kitchen instead. No joke. We were expecting Arabic music and instead we got blaring explicit uncensored offensive rap which they did not change after I politely asked them to. After the guy acknowledged my request, he literally sat down and started chatting it up with his friends in plain site! Honestly, this place needs to disintegrate into the ground. Do not support this business! They don't deserve it.
