2	I used to appreciate V Cleaners & Alterations for their speedy service, prices, and service with a smile.  They run an eco-business by using "green" machinery to reduce their carbon footprint and clean in-house instead of sending the clothes out to a third-party cleaning facility like so many dry cleaners like to do nowadays.  Furthermore, conventional dry-cleaning is far too polluting and I like to be prudent of the choices I make. The couple that runs this business has always been very nice and courteous toward me.  I used to frequent V Cleaners & Alterations. In fact they used to be my go-to cleaners for all of my clothing needs and I even trusted them with my designer clothes. Sadly, that ended the day I picked up my favorite Ruehl No. 925 dress shirt.  The buttons were destroyed and the shirt came out a bit tattered.  I was devastated!  For those unaware, the brand has been discontinued.  Although V Cleaners tried to correct the problem by replacing the buttons, the stitching was very poor, with uneven attachment and many floppy buttons, and a few buttons have since fallen off.  This was my first foray into their tailoring aspect, and I was thoroughly disappointed.  However the biggest problem is that they failed to tell me what happened during pick-up, and argued with me when I presented it to them. I found this to be highly unethical.  Since I have a keen eye I noticed the buttons as soon as the shirt and the other clothes were handed to me and immediately asked about it. There was an awkward moment, and after they stopped arguing that the shirt was given in that condition, they began to tell me that the heat from their machines had melted the buttons.  Don't give them anything with buttons, apparently, since their machines are like Pac-Man.Had they told me about the damage when I came in, and before I noticed, I would have been finer with it, as the problem should have been easy to correct. "Should" being the operative word as it was clearly too difficult for them.  So from that day forward, I started to patronize them less. I still send them my inexpensive new-to-me thrift finds (things without buttons) because they make them look like new, but I take the best stuff elsewhere.  If you use V Cleaners make sure to carefully inspect the clothes while you are in the store, and don't expect to find your clothes in the same condition you left them in.  I give it a two for old times' sake.
4	Went here this morning to drop off some short-sleeved Polo shirts, with some minor stains I was hoping to have removed. I was greeted by a very friendly lady who look my name and information and handed me a ticket.  The place, though fairly small, was neat and clean on the inside.  The staff is very friendly.   As far as the stains, I'll let you know how they turn out...
4	My husband is expensive.  Sorry honey, it's true.  You're just lucky you married a thrift store monkey to balance out your taste or I'd be reviewing soup kitchens instead of dry cleaners right now.  Anyways, to get to my point, my husband has all his shirts custom made and tailored ($$$) and we've been often disappointed by the treatment other dry cleaners have given his very special special clothes.  After the third place ruined another shirt ($$$$) through its third-party cleaning facility, we finally asked his tailor which service he would recommend.  He said, hands down, V-Cleaners.  V-Cleaners does all of it's drycleaning and alterations in house.  Your clothes are always ready by the next day after 3pm, the prices are VERY affordable, and the couple who runs the place are so sweet.  The problem?  They are located 30 minutes away from our home and their parking lot is impossible for my truck to fit, so I have to often get creative... and I'm a horrible driver.  That's a one hour trip twice a week in my gas guzzler + the impending parking accident = $$$$$$$$$$$$.
5	They always have a friendly attitude and remember your name.  I never have to say my name or wait in line. They see me parking and have my clothes ready for me as soon as I walk inside.  None of the dry cleaning is done on location, but the seeing and alterations are.  Their work is very professional and done with your schedule in mind.  I have used many alteration businesses, but this one is worth stopping in and giving them a chance to impress you too.  They also have two slots that are reserved parking for their customers only. That is good because they are in the middle of several restaurants that get very busy during the day.
5	Best service I've ever experienced at a dry cleaners. They always remember your name and ask how the family's doing. Prices are reasonable, but definitely not the cheapest around.
