4	On my roof is a ten year old solar pool heater. Apparently, some of the matting had become unglued and was noisily flapping around in the wind. The technician from Naylor quickly assessed the situation and completed the work in the same visit. The price was about right and he was on time, even slightly early!
5	I am shocked by the negative review on here. I was fortunate enough to meet Terry when I was getting my pool built 5 years ago. He came to my house and brought different types of competitors solar. He went through every one of them and explained why they were good or not. I decided on Naylor Solar because of the knowledge they provided me and the price was very reasonable. I have been 100% satisfied with my choice. They also come out every winter to "winterize" my system which keeps it in good working condition.Most people in my neighborhood use Naylor and are all happy. If you need Solar, this is the place to go.
5	We went with Naylor when we put in the pool 9 years ago, and every year it's been worth it.  I've had to call them to do minor repairs to the stuff on the roof 2, maybe 3 times over the years, and they're usually out there getting everything working within about a day.  Great company, great product, great service!
5	We bought our solar panels from Naylor Solar Specialists two summers ago and we've been very happy. Naylor was competitive on price and the panels have been great. We've called Terry Naylor 2-3 times over the two years when we've had questions about winterizing, etc. Naylor has always been very helpful over the phone. Last spring we had a bracket come loose on the roof. We called and they were at our house quickly to fix the problem at no charge.
5	The previous 5 star reviewers have been 'spot on', so I'll make this quick.....If you are all about quality, price and integrity, then Naylor Solar Specialists is the company for you.  If you are all about service, which is my top priority, then this is the ONLY company for you.I will save you the trouble of interviewing and researching solar panels to heat pools.  I spent a couple months conducting this search and Terry Naylor's company was HANDS DOWN the best out there.  I am very anal when it comes to any contractor laying their hands on my residence and his guy is about as sincere and trustworthy as they get.  Terry Naylor is one of the most pleasant people, let alone contractors, I have ever had the pleasure to meet and work with. I know this review is a little "over-the-top", but this rating was not given, it was earned. For you skeptics out there, I do not work for this company and I am in no way associated with anyone who works for the company.  Just my open honest assessment of a job well done AND service after the sale, which is most impressive.Cheers. Enjoy!
1	I called Naylor Solar Specialists based on YELP recommendation (due to leak on the side of the house and dropping water level).   I had to patiently wait ~2 weeks for them to come over because Terry said they were busy.  Had to make another phone call to verify when  they're coming.  Finally they sent someone over when no one was home.  They left an invoice. A week after, I noticed the same leak on the same spot.  Pool water level was dropping again.  I called again and they sent another person to our house who didn't even introduce himself.   I was charged the same amount for a 5 minute work.  Only heard what seemed like a couple of screws being tightened above our master bedroom.  It's been a month or 2 and now I'm noticing the same leak on that exact same spot and water lever on the pool dropping.  I'm very unhappy with their service.  Wouldn't recommend at all!
5	Same day service! I called and left a message this morning. Terry called me back very quickly and came out the same day to drain my panels. I was worried because I hadn't been prepared for the freeze last night, but the panels that I had Naylor install to replace my old rubber matting were fine. Fast, friendly, knowledgeable service.
5	I have had such a hard time finding a Solar Repair Company that I finally called the manufacturer of the panels and was recommended to Terry Naylor.  I have to say that I am very impressed and happy with their service.  I had a leak and my panels needed to be drained for the winter.  Terry responded himself and checked my panels and made sure my problem was handled.  I always thought that getting these solar panels was a mistake since the Company that installed them disappeared as they usually do.  Now that I met Terry I am very comfortable with his service and would recommend Naylor Solar Specialists.
