3	When I first moved here it was a Mic-Nics which is no more.  A few years back Federico's acquired the property and cleaned it up and painted it a bit brighter.  This location is open 24 hours but the dining room closes from 1-5AM.  It's a chain that started in New Mexico and expanded to Arizona at some point in time. They already had a presence here in 93 and was my first introduction to 24 hour taco shops.  I haven't been to one in a while for no particular reason, except maybe they were not in my path when I wanted Mexican.Having expanded here from New Mexico instead of the San Diego area like Filberto's and their many copy cats there are some differences in how identical menu items are prepared.  I had my standard plate of shredded beef taco and a cheese enchilada with beans and rice ($5.79) and a med fountain drink ($1.49).  First thing I noticed was there was no grease in the taco.  That may have been part of the slight flavor difference.  Also the cheese enchilada was made with a corn tortilla instead of the more common flour.  I thought they were a bit stingy with the cheese on both items, but I like lots of cheese on almost anything.In general everything was clean and while I was there the tables were cleaned off and the salsa station was checked and neatened up.  This was a Wednesday lunch and three tables were in use and a few take out orders handled.  Only one person spoke English, and then only just enough to get his job done.
5	Awesome food!  Can't go wrong with the bean burrito!
4	This place is really really delicious. My boyfriend and I just moved to the area and were looking for a quick bite to eat late at night and found this place; they have the best shredded burrito ever and the combination plates are cheap and a lot of food.
5	Amazing cheese enchiladas! The beans are fantastic!! I could eat their food morning noon and night if my health and bank account would allow it!!
5	I can honestly say this place has saved the day more times than I can count on myFingers. We always want food when nothing is open and Federico's always comes through. The food is always amazing. We love the carne Asada fries and I always get the enchiladas. We bring so many people to this place and I have not once heard a negative thing about anything on the menu
5	WOW!!! Was i surprised by this place. $.99 tacos that are super delicious and their salsas are amazing especially the red roasted chile salsa. It beats Salsitas down the steeet or any felibertos. Their meat doesnt seem to be sitting in containers, its always hot and seems not fresh but cooked well. Their adobada is really good, not authentic but beats any of the other places. And like i said $.99 tacos i havent seen any below $1.50. So i def recomend.
