4	Just took my second class, I really like this place, I purchased a Groupon, wish I could purchase another one, but they would only let me purchase one.
5	I've been going to yoga on and off for about 6 years, but I had never done hot yoga. After the first class I was hooked! So far I have only done the 90 minute class with Vicki. She is great! Although, I admittedly do not have comparison since this is my first hot yoga experience. btw - a friend of mine has been going to this class as well and she tells me the 90 minutes class is the same as a Bikram class, but they cannot call it "Bikram" because it is not a licensed Bikram studio.As of January 2012, they have changed their schedule and most of the classes are now 60 or 75 minutes. Not saying this is good or bad - just saying!I have interacted with several people at the front desk, all of whom have been very nice and very helpful. The studio is always clean and pleasant, and the location is very easy to access.
5	I went here because I bought a Groupon and I REALLY like the classes!   I've had several of the instructors and they ALL are GREAT!  They're all extremely knowledgeable about yoga and what I really like is that they correct your form (if needed) to make sure you're getting the best results!  I've done other hot yoga classes (different facilities too) and this is one of the ONLY that the instructor actually walks around and watches form instead of doing the class as well (which makes it hard to check on the students).I would highly recommend this studio to anyone wanting to get into a regular  yoga practice!
5	I have been going to Flooid Yoga for the last six-seven months. In that time, I have gained greater flexibility, strength, and overall athleticism. I have noticed that the core strength I now have contributes to better success in exercise outside of the studio like kettle bell and Bosa ball workouts.The variety of classes offered keep me from getting bored, and the staff is always knowledge and helpful. The studio's schedule ensures that I can always find a time to get a class in.The studio is really clean - I love that they do not have the smelly, sticky carpets other valley hot yoga studios have.Would I recommend it? YES!
5	Since late November, I've already attended seven one-hour sessions at Floo-id, and I absolutely love this place!  [I've just booked another session for tomorrow (TH) morning.]  I started w/ two Saturdays of Hot Yoga w/ owner Beth Beary, but I soon branched out and added a second weekly session of Hot Flow, which isn't as hot as Hot Yoga, but is more physically-challenging.  (Well, at least to me it is!)  I thought perhaps I could stretch out my Groupon deal by cutting out HY and just sticking to HF, but no...  After only one week of experimentation, my body is telling me that it NEEDS the two differing yoga sessions to feel at peace!  I'm hoping to get a chance to try other classes offered here as soon as my schedule allows.The facility is clean and organized, and I've so far worked w/ four instructors, and they're all terrific w/ keeping me motivated and pushing the class to put in the extra effort, to ask more out of our bodies and minds.  In less than a month of attending yoga classes here, I found myself inspired again to go back to school!  (I hope to delve into microbiology and lab in a couple of weeks.)
5	I am obsessed with this place.  I have never been a fan of yoga.  I have done it, but only once in a while.  I am too fidgety to lay still.  Being the bargain shopper I am, I got a groupon for 10 hot yoga classes.  I love going to this studio.  Today I will be going to my fifth class in 2 weeks. That is a record for me.  I used to go to yoga once every two to three months.  It gets packed, so you better get there early. The studio is very nice, clean, of course it is new.  I hope it never gets that smelly feet scent some places have.  Yes, those are the thoughts I have when I am supposed to lay there and relax.   It is hot, yes, freaking hot, but I love it.  You sweat buckets.  I bring an extra towel to wipe my sweat off.  I am even learning to lay still at the end of the class.  Yay!
5	This was my first experience with "Hot Yoga" and for some reason I really enjoyed it.  I think for me this type a yoga is really cleansing and relaxing while still a really hard work out.  Anytime I feel like a lot of stress from daily life is mounting, a trip to Floo-id has become a great solution to reducing that stress.I originally started with the $20 introduction which gives you 2 weeks of unlimited classes.  Then as a new student I was able to take advantage of a 20% off discount with my first purchase.  I purchased a 25 class card for $250 which to me is a great deal. Then when the studio's first year anniversary was celebrated, they were offering 20% off discounts to everyone and I purchased another 25 class card for $250 dollars even thought I had not finished by first card, which I really appreciated!  Also for there anniversary they offered a whole weekend of free yoga for anyone, so I brought my sister to try it out.  Unfortunately she was not as in love with it as me.I just recently tried another studio with a Groupon that I had purchased, and let me tell, that experience really made me appreciate Floo-id so much more.  Floo-id's studio is bright and inviting which also is a perfect reflection of the staff.  The receptionists and instructors are always eager to greet you and seem like they genuinely want you to have a great experience.  Often times they will call you by your name, not just a yoga mat in the studio.  It sets the tone for the studio in such a way that it makes it feel like a like-minded community instead of a place to just "workout".  If you have not tried this studio, please do so.  You will not be disappointed.  I only do yelp when I have excellent experiences or bad experiences so please take that into consideration.
4	great little studio with some fun instructors. this is definitely one of the better yoga studios i have practiced at.
1	I haven't been back in months.  The last time I went, the man next to me dripped so much sweat, the droplets invaded my space-- I couldn't do my own moves for fear of getting his perspiration on me.  Hey, if the guy was a hottie, I may have not minded half as much... ;)  The room stank like used gym socks and wet leather, and sour anti-perspirant, as well- ugh! I asked Beth, the owner, if she would ask the male patrons to wear a shirt and not go topless.  She replied that she really couldn't tell people what to wear.  I said it's not telling people what kinds of clothing to wear (i.e. styles), but that men should at least WEAR a shirt, something to catch their perspiration and keep it from splashing all over.  (Something to keep their scraggly hair in place would keep perspiration from the head from spraying onto someone else's space, as well.)  I see the women wearing all sorts of shirts (tees, racerbacks, yoga tops, midriffs, etc) that allow them to feel most comfortable in such heated space, and the result is that I don't see any of their sweat invading the spaces of their neighbors.  Beth said she'd post something in the next newsletter suggesting that the men wear shirts, but after reading about four consecutive newsletters and seeing nothing written regarding my request, I gave up.  I guess my observations/suggestions didn't matter anymore since I'd signed up and paid for the next 25 passes.  It's been four months since my last conversation with Beth (I searched for my last Yelp check-in), and I still have 21 unused passes set to expire on July 24, 2012.---7/9/12Beth Beary contacted me via Yelp email to let me know that she's extended the expiration date of my passes and asked me to not let one experience take my yoga practice away.  It was a good point, and I wrote her a note thanking her for the extension.  She's since posted a message (read below) reiterating what she told me, with the addition of her reason of not telling her patrons what to wear-- that due to the nature of the practice, she did not want people to overheat.  Are we women therefore S.O.L. because we cannot go topless, because that would be public indecency?  Have you seen many of the women who come to practice (most are lean and fit)?  Have you seen some of the men who come to your clinic??  Hmm...  As I've noted before, the female yogis show up wearing different styles, and the clothing helps to keep perspiration from splashing all over the place.  If you would just discontinue allowing the men to go topless, I guarantee you will find more practitioners staying on.  (I know of a former Floo-id practitioner who stopped going bec. of similar reasons I mentioned, and if she and I felt this way, then we can't be the only ones.)Technically, you may fit 60 people in that room, but in a heated space and many bodies (of all shapes and sizes) present, people like their spaces and want to leave some room to allow themselves to be able to move their arms freely without hitting their neighbors.  Furthermore, once a class is underway, it usually is quite disruptive for someone to stop, pick up their mat, towel/s, and water bottle to find another space elsewhere.  Most of the classes I've attended here became very full and allowed just enough space for movement-- some of us have had to stagger our mats so as to allow limbs to move around without someone getting poked in the eye!  I find it ridiculous and somewhat condescending to say that the option of moving is available...
5	I bought a Groupon for this yoga studio. At $20 for 10 classes it was a steal! At the first class, I was a little unprepared for how much sweat was involved, as I had never done hot yoga before. I was slipping all over my mat because I didn't bring a towel to put over it. But you live & learn! I have been back 2 times and it definitely gets easier with the right gear and practice!I love the instructors here, they are so calm and they really know their stuff.I also love the facilities. The room where you practice has a wood floor and large overhead fans. The bathrooms are spacious and clean, and they also have showers for you to rinse off in. They have a little boutique in front selling yoga gear and bottled water/coconut water.I always leave feeling refreshed, rejuvinated and re-energized.
4	This is actually the first place I ever took a yoga class. It will always be one of my favorites, even though I hop around a lot. For my first time, the teacher went over a few pointers and assured me that if all I accomplished was to just stay in the hot room to get used to it, that was okay. (You can always lay down on your mat facing the back wall if you get too hot)The owner Beth, is pretty awesome. She is often at the studio, greeting yogis and yoginis as they walk in. She even offers a work trade program.The studio offers hot yoga, hot flow, restorative, yin, prenatal, postnatal,/mommy n me and yingong. It's a single studio, but it's newer and nice, wood floors, and doesn't smell! :) I love the music played too. I have gone to hot and flow yoga.There are showers in the locker room so you can cleanse yourself of the toxins you just sweated out! There is also a small boutique to buy yogi clothes and mats, and of course they have sales! The location is great, right off Scottsdale & the 101. (Mayo Blvd) It's next to Road Runner Sports.  It's hard for me to go workout anywhere if I can't get a protein shake or snack afterwards, and besides being a 30 second walk from Whole Foods, there's also a ton of restaurants across the street.My only tiny complaint is that whether I'm on my iPod or computer, I have a hard time viewing the schedule. I have used IE and Mozilla, and I just can't seem to scroll down. I would drop in more often if I knew which class was at a time that works for me.
5	I am in love with floo-id! Bought a groupon, and am addicted. the staff is so polite and nice. they understand im fat and dont flex like Gumby. their not pushy at all. do your best, and try to improve. so simple. love that! I'm not going to tell you my favorite class, becuase i dont want it too full. but it's our church!
5	I am gonna keep this short and sweet: AMAZING.  I am hooked and every single teacher is great and encouraging. Much love!
5	Excellent studio! I generally only take the time to write reviews if I am OVERLY pleased or OVERLY disappointed and this is certainly an overly pleased situation.  I have been going to Floo-id off an on for a few months.  I wanted to try hot yoga for the longest time but really was too afraid.  I didn't want to feel stupid or embarrassed if I couldn't do something.  From the moment I walked in on a saturday morning, the instructor at the front, Jen, reassured me of what to expect and what to do if I feel like I cant do something.  SCORE! From what I have heard, a lot of yoga studios in the valley can be somewhat pretentious and this place, is the complete opposite.  I always feel amazing when I leave.  I don't feel like anyone is looking at me weird or even looking at me at all.  Great studio, Great instructors, Great atmosphere.  Thank you Floo-id.
5	I think this an amazing studio. The owner, instructors and front desk staff are all very welcoming and helpful. The classes are among the best I have been to. They have showers and convenient class times. I am happy I found this spot : )
5	I have tried numerous Bikram, Sumits and other (heated and unheated) yoga studios in the Phoenix/Scottsdale area and this is one of my favorites. I tried it with a great Groupon deal, even though it is a little far for me. I far prefer the wood floors at Floo-id to the carpeted floors of a Bikram studio. This is a calm relaxing setting. The instructors are attentive and patient with new students, and help more experienced students get deeper into their practice. I like a lot of hands on, personalized adjustments, and the instructors here are great at that. There is a good variety of longer, slower paced classes and active flow classes. I first started going when the studio was pretty new and found the owner or manager (Beth) very interested and responsive in student feedback. If you have been interested in trying hot yoga, this is a very comfortable, non-intimidating and welcoming environment to try it. If you have been practicing for a while, I think you will find ways to push yourself and expand your practice here.
5	Floo-id is a great studio! I practice 4-5 times a week and love the intimacy of a smaller neighbor studio. Beth, Vicki, Tiana, Donna and Danielle are all great and welcome you upon arrival. It's just the right balance of refresh - relax - challenge. I'm a faithful floo-id yogi! Love it!
4	I was pretty impressed with Floo-id when I walked in for the first time tonight. It looked really small from the outside, but when you get in, you realize that the space is well laid out. The small lobby has enough room for a few benches and cubbies to put your things. The bathrooms are very nice and the showers are an extra nice touch for a hot yoga studio. It has a feel of a spa. I had arrived a half hour early to the studio just to check it out and read their info, etc. It is a very professional studio and has a lot of brochures at the front to explain their classes beyond what you see on Mind Body where you sign in on-line.I am glad I arrived early; I am new to Mind Body online check in having lived in a small city for a while now where its just a check in at the door scenario. I had thought I signed in for the Yin class online (I thought) , but I hadn't pressed the button correctly, so I wasn't really "in". The lovely lady at the front desk who was very professional yet easy going, suggested that I wait anyway to see if no one showed up because the class was already full. I waited and three people did not show up. But I was not told that I was "in" until I saw everyone filing in and I asked the front desk. I walked into the studio (which is the smaller of the two they have there, and wow...small. About 20' x 9'. There were 12 of us in there when I heard them say at the check in desk that the max was 12  for that class and 10 for Restorative...hmmm I think 10 for both is best. I then heard them say that they have been able to get 15 in there. I really can't imagine with the prop closet even in there (note: maybe have the prop closet OUTSIDE in the lobby space?) It all made me think that this was most likely an office at one time that was turned into studio space. Now...I am a friendly gal, but this was funny. In a Yin class, you want your space. (in any yoga class really unless you are Nidra, etc.). I didn't mind too too much, but I just thought that most people would think this was really strange. We can leave our belongings in the locker room (no door or locks on cubbies) or in the cubbies outside in the lobby, but what if someone wanted to bring in more than just a water bottle? Like a purse? There was a lady who brought in her purse and she kept having to move it around her mat like an orbiting moon. The class started about 10 minutes late. The instructor was very nice. Her name is Donna Cardenas. The class was pretty good and Donna did a very nice job. I LOVED her adjustments and it was the best part of the class. Although, for Supta Hasta Padangusthasana, we had no room. In a Yin class, where we are holding poses for such a long time, the advanced practitioners who could place their leg all the way on the floor in this pose for example, would benefit from a much less crowded room so that they do not have to hover for such a long time. We were encouraged to place our foot or leg on our neighbors, but they seemed like not very good candidates for such a thing and were really in "their own space" which is to be expected. For an Anusara trained teacher, I would have expected more alignment cues. But it was fine for the allotted time and situation. The class went over by almost a full half hour. I didn't mind, but for someone who had a time restraint and trusted the teacher to be on time, this may have been a problem. I had never been to this studio and I am looking for a seasonal studio for when I am here in the spring and fall,  so I asked the front desk attendant a few questions. I was mainly interested in what the "Hot Yoga" is to this studio. I teach Hatha, Vinyasa and Flow, and the term, "Hot Yoga" and "Hot Yoga Flow" can mean a variety of things. OK...so in general, "Hot Yoga" is any yoga that is in a hot room. What is listed in the class description online is "Hatha Yoga" for "Hot Yoga" and a from what I can tell, a Vinyasa style class for flow ("Vinysasa" being a generic term for any energetic yoga that has each pose moving fluidly with the breath). So I ask the front desk attendant, "so what is "Hot Yoga" here? Is it Hatha Yoga?" She says that it is "Bikram Yoga." I know that someone (some studios) can get in big trouble if they say they teach or actually teach Bikram Yoga and do not list it as such. (Because "Bikram" studios give the founder a cut of the profit). There have been a lot of legal battles over this if a studio "does"  Bikram Yoga and does not give it credit or their cut.. Stupid, I know, but this is what has happens. So either the front desk attendant didn't know the difference (maybe thinking that all "Hot Yoga" is "Bikram" maybe?) Or this studio teaches Bikram without the name. It needs to be sorted out, because it is a huge difference. Bikram has a precise set of poses and standards. Hot Hatha Yoga is non-standard. So which is it Floo-id? Overall, Floo-id Yoga seems pretty good and I'm returning tomorrow.
5	I stepped into Floo-id Yoga after scouring the Internet for a spa-like yoga studio that didn't judge my lack of fitness ability. I'm on the way to a healthy lifestyle and wanted a place I could feel comfortable and encouraged despite my absolute lack of yoga experience and I found it at Floo-id Yoga.The studio itself: Floo-id Yoga feels like a spa when you walk in -- beautifully decorated with a calm and relaxing  vibe. The bathrooms are equally spa-like with great showers, giant sinks with awesome mint-lavender soap. There are two studios (1 small one and 1 large main one that holds 30-40 comfortably) with bamboo floors. There are cubbies for your stuff, lots of benches, and a fridge stocked with Smart Water and coconut water.The atmosphere and class structure: Flood-id Yoga is a place for absolute beginners to those who have several years of practice. They offer a wide variety of classes throughout the day (from hot flow, to hot yoga, to yin yoga, and more) to accomodate most schedules and skill sets and fitness levels.  There are about 5-7 teachers and I've taken classes with Beth, Jen, Donna, and Angela. There are all great. What I love most about Floo-id is there lack of pressure. They truly want you to simply practice and listen to your body -- go where you want to go. During class they always explain how to modify poses for more advanced yogis or what to work on if you are just starting out. As for hot yoga, there is no pressure to "perform" in the class. You can lay down, sit down, and just do what you can do to get through the hot 60 minutes. Some classes I do amazing and get through the entire 60 minutes no problem and other times, like yesterday, I literally laid on my mat for 30 minutes. All of the teachers are so kind, encouraging, and helpful. Beth is the owner and she teaches classes often is constantly at the studio to greet you and make you feel welcome. Jen is super sweet and calming and Donna puts you at ease with her blend of humor and encouragement. Logistics: You can sign up to have an account online where you can view and register for classes as well as see your entire account history. Love the technology.  Parking is easy (a few shops down from Whole Foods on Scottsdale Rd and Mayo near the 101). My advice is just to get to class about 20 minutes early to ensure you get the spot you want. Some classes are fill up more than others.Pricing: I signed up for the unlimited monthly membership for $99/month when it was on sale during their 2-year anniversary sale. I think it's normally $139. It's totally worth it. I try to go everyday and usually end up going 5-6 times a week. However, they have a range of options to fit your budget and commitment level. They also have a great selection of yoga mats and towels along with cute clothes for sale. LOVE FLOO-ID YOGA!!!
4	This place is fabulous. I scored a 15-class groupon for $29 and enjoyed my hot yoga classes here thoroughly. The owner, Beth, is a great instructor and super nice to talk to. I love the environment and the classes.I work at Orange Theory, a gym across the street from Flooid, that uses the same online booking system and has a similar check-in layout. Flooid misses the mark on that aspect. I always thought the front-desk girls were a little lost or awkward, and recently found out why. ALL of the front-desk girls work 4 hours a week on work trade for a membership. I think this studio would be better off in every way if they hired full time employees for the front, that actually know what they are doing. Not impressed with the service I received up front. Luckily, the yoga and overall feel of the studio made up for things that were lacking.
4	Nice people and facilities!  I purchased a groupon for 10 classes.  I got to try out several classes.  All the instructors were great!  You can feel free to do things at your skill level.  It is nice that the instructors encourage you to get better each time.
5	I have been practicing at FY off and on for approx. two years. It is a wonderful studio, amazing teachers with a very comfortable, friendly, clean atmosphere. I usually practice hot yoga but I recently decided to try a Yin Yoga class. I was simply amazed. It was a very peaceful and healing experience. Highly recommended! I am so thankful this is the first place I ever practiced hot yoga as every experience i have had at Floo-id  has been such a peaceful and positive experience.
5	Love the classes and teachers here! It is such a warm, caring place to practice which really furthers the experience. Amy, Donna and Erin are all amazing! If I have to miss a class during the week I feel like I'm missing out!
5	Beth and her staff has kept me very satisfied and happy during the time that I have been a member in this studio.  I started with floo id right after trying out a groupon. It's very much well maintained, cozy, and the teachers are very welcoming... However I started like the vinyasa classes more than the hot yoga ones that I needed to move on to a studio that mainly teaches Vinyasa.If I were to go back to hot yoga I will definitely come back to floo id.
5	Floo-id yoga was the first hot yoga studio I had ever been too and it set the bar quite high. I was completely intimidated my first time and the staff made me so comfortable. I really love coming here; not only do the teachers take the time to explain throughout your practice what to do and why it's beneficial they help you adjust your positions and give feedback. Every instructor I have had has been amazing including the owner Beth! I highly recommend coming here even if you do not have experience. The studio is beautiful and very clean and they have the absolute best customer service.
5	Bought a groupon for the prenatal yoga. Amazing experience! I bought a 10 session package after. Erin is so gifted at speaking/educating her students in class... Love going every week. Highly recommend!
5	I've been practicing at floo-id shortly after Beth opened the doors. I absolutely love floo-id and all the teachers and students. If you've never tried yoga or if you're a seasoned yogi, floo-id is an amazing studio.  There are groupons offered frequently, so give it a try, you'll be hooked!  See ya there :)
5	My chiropractor recommended yoga, he said that he can tell I get really stressed because of how out of wack my back gets (not his exact words) I tried out a few yoga places before Floo-id Yoga and none of them were quite there. But this place is amazing! Its really relaxing and the instructor Chris was super helpful. No one makes you feel like the silly person who cant balance so good. There wasn't any one showing off, and it was the first yoga class I've taken where no one farted!definitely go here!
5	I have been to flooid yoga a number of times over the past year.  Every instructor has been fantastic.  The office staff is super friendly and it's a very nice studio. The workout is always good.  I prefer the flow yoga.
5	Love flooid! Great for beginners and advanced yogis alike, and this is coming from a beginner! Management is fantastic and classes are taught by awesome instructors that have done this for years! Love, love, love! Very clean also :)
