5	At last--a place to find a PRETTY bra in a non-traditional size. The owners are certified fit specialists. The store was beautiful and intimate, and the ladies are super discreet (they'll even help guys find a sexy surprise!). We love the huge selection of gorgeous bras and panties as well as lingerie in plus sizes. They even have a growing selection of workout bras, all for reasonable prices. They're located in the Casa Paloma shopping center. We highly recommend them for their service, selection and great prices.
5	What could possibly be better than a locally owned business that really cares about what they are doing, their customers and the entire experience?  This is an adorable little shop in a great location/shopping complex.  The customer service is spot on... you could get nicer ladies.  Prices are extremely competitive.  I highly recommend this place for your undergarments and pajamas.  Check it out!
5	If you have been shopping anywhere else for a bra - STOP this place is it. Service amazing - I was actually fitted and for the first time in my life - no shoulder pain! Had no idea my bras were hurting me before I found Belle Lacet. I made the mistake of trying to go to the big chain again, starts with a "V" - uhm lets just say they failed the test and were nowhere as good as Belle Lacet - I'm a forever Belle Lecet gal!
5	Outstanding Service! Carol, the owner, is very nice and knowledgable making a trip here easy and enjoyable. The prices can be on the high side, but I would rather pay more for under garments that actually fit than leaving the store with nothing or regretting a purchase. Look for the Yelp check-in deal or get a coupon for 10% off your next purchase when you shop there.
5	I am a big fan of local businesses and this one has certainly earned my support. The owner, Karla, is extremely kind and knowledgeable. She sized me perfectly and all the bras I purchased feel great! She also gave me tons of advice about bra care so I know they'll last a long time. I can't imagine shopping anywhere else, this place is the best!
5	I have the hardest time finding bras that fit. At Belle Lacet I was able to find more than one bra that fit me and for the first time I was not frustrated during bra shopping. The prices are reasonable and comparable to Soma and Victoria's Secret. I live in northwest Phoenix but the drive is so worth it. I had such a great experience here, highly recommend!
5	I've always had a hard time finding bras. As a 38I I'm pretty much stuck trying to find something online, that I can't try on. I was told of this boutique yesterday, and I'm so happy I found them! Carol was super duper helpful and found like 10 different bras that were my size that I could try on, and when I found one I liked, she offered to find out if it could come in black and give me a call when it came in. I highly recommend this boutique to everyone, especially people with sizes that are hard to find!
2	I was really expecting great things,  based on the previous reviews.   I drove from across town,  based on the reviews.   Sadly,  I was very disappointed.   After nursing a number of babies,  I have saggy boobs!  I've given up on finding a bra that not only fits well but is also comfortable.   My lingerie wardrobe has degenerated to sports bras!So, I researched my options and ended up here.   The young lady who helped me took two measurements and declared my size.  She only offered one bra style and only in white.   I mentioned some concerns;  got little response. .. she just went back to the front of the shop and rearranged stock.   No suggestions for other styles to try on.   I wasn't going to spend that much on a bra based on this disappointing experience and the lack of options. If you are in the area, it might be worth stopping in,  but I wouldn't recommend a special trip here.
5	As a lady with a large upper deck, i was so happy to find a local place that carried 34G in house that I could try on! Service is great, always helpful and always amazing!  Each experience positive! Always willing to order what I need.
5	After posting my review of Belle Lacet, I received a very nice email from Karen asking for more information about my visit. She even offered a 15% discount if I would try the store again.  I thought this was very proactive and shows a concern for customer service.  I really appreciated that Karen took the time to contact me.  Thanks, Karen!
5	I was so happy that Strut Bridal referred me here for my wedding lingerie. I was sized add soon as I got there and found I had been wearing a bra 3 cup sizes too small... Life changer. My wedding corset was really pretty and much less expensive than I expected. Very happy with my experience here, well be back for sure.
4	To all you gals out there that never got help at Victoria Secret or you cannot fit into their bra's.  Belle Lacet has sexy, beautiful bra's for you.  Not only did I think they had a good select, but they helped me find the right bra that fit me.  I have to say I love my bra, but I will always hate bra shopping.  Haha
2	I went here after searching for lingerie stores in the valley that carried a wider variety of bra band sizes. The young woman at the check out was very pleasant and helped look for a variety of choices. However, I did tell her straight off that I wasn't sure of my size and I was looking to try on bras so I could find the right fit. She brought bras to me in the fitting room but when I told her that none of them worked out, nothing more was offered in the way of more choices or scheduling a fitting. Given my excitement on finding this store, I left feeling pretty disappointed and irritated. Not wanting this store to be my only experience, I went to Nordstrom's and IMMEDIATELY upon telling them I was unsure of my size, I was ushered into a fitting room with a wonderful fitter who measured and fitted me with a great selection of choices.
5	I bought my wedding under garments here and what became my favorite bra ever. They are the only ladies to go to regarding fitting! Victoria's Secret is that she lies to you about your size because she doesn't make it. Here they carry ALL the sizes!
5	I bought my wedding corset from Belle and vowed to come back to get properly fitted for a bra. Ladies, if you haven't done this yet- it is life changing. I'm a plus size girl with a difficult to find bra size. Two years later..  2nd wedding anniversary is cotton; my husband teased me about buying me new bras for our anniversary theme. Personally, I thought this was a great idea and went down there. These bras are sexy, flirty and I feel great in them. Great enough to donate my old bra and walked out wearing one of my new ones. I walked away with 3 new bras and one on order. It's a cute, trendy store with a great selection of lingerie and helpful staff that can tell you if your bras are fitting right or not. I probably won't ever buy another bra anywhere else now.
2	I went in with the expectation to find something that fit, was comfortable and didn't make my boobs look weird. Didn't find it. Everything either felt like it was cutting into my skin or the wires were too narrow or something. I felt like the salesperson was getting frustrated with me because I wouldn't settle for something that hurt or didn't fit. She said things like, "not too bad" or "you could get away with that". For $75 I expect it to fit correctly and I also expect to not feel pressured to settle.
