3	Has gas for $3.55 which is less than home. Tons of people here. The people who were kinda loitering around here weren't the most savory lookin folks either but hey, when gas is that much less expensive, you will stop here. Thank goodness we brought a few friends in the car with us. I wouldn't  come here alone. I was able to pick up some drinks here and things for about 1/3 of the price on the strip. It's not the safest or nicest looking place and i have been to much worse. But, like I said, the gas was cheap. Thanks.
2	Again, breaking my rule about chains, especially a gas station, but just be careful. While the prices may be good, they're REALLY fast on the trigger finger, and will demand payment before processing any sales or discounts. Then they'll look at you like YOU'RE the one with the problem when you tell them something was on sale or had a lower marked price.It picks up a whole star for convenience when it's right next to my work.
1	Went in this afternoon to buy some water for the drive back to LA. They had two 1 liter Dasani bottles advertized for $2.50. I also wanted a small paper cup to hold a few ice cubes for my three year old in the car. An employee named Elvia initially tried to charge me over 5 dollars for the water. When I called her on it, she rang me up at an even $4.00. She told me I was being charged for using their cup for ice. Not wanting to argue and because I needed to be back in LA by a certain time and was in a hurry, I just paid her and left. Small drink with their paper cup is 99 cents, add sales tax it should be about $3.72, yet she somehow reached an even $4.00. Naturally she did not offer me a receipt to justify this purchase nor to document her actions. Not wanting to waste time arguing with her over a buck fifty, I left knowing that this Arco employee had every intention of ripping off its customer. I hope she enjoyed her chump change because I won't be going to this Arco or any Arco ever again if they allow employees like this to work for them. Again, this particular employee is named Elvia, a shorter Latina woman with short hair, late 30's to early 40's. She wasn't even polite about it, which may have made the gouging tolerable. I do encourage all Vegas tourists and locals to choose any other filling station aside from this one.
