5	Randy's is highly recommended. After purchasing and (subsequently breaking) a specialty tool, necessary for a repair, a friend recommended Randy's and they got us out of a bind. They were incredibly knowledgeable and helpful. They had us in and out in no time.
5	Absolutely THE most honest mechanic you'll ever go to.  I always take my vehicle here and recommend them to everyone.  They do not cheat you, offer you a great price, show and explain what you need done and why.  Randy and Russ are very honest people. They never "recommend" having work done that I do need.
5	Randy and his crew did a great job doing the maintenance on my truck.  I was in and out in an hour.  This will be my new regular shop.
5	My son had an unknown issue with his transmission in his 1998 Jeep Cherokee.  We got a recommendation to a shop in Tempe. The vehicle was towed there and after some time they said it would need a full rebuild for a rate that seemed quite high.  I did not trust the quote and had the truck towed to Randy's Shop. So glad I did, Randy and the staff gave a much more reasonable quote and completed the rebuild for the price they anticipated.  I now have a whole new outlook on the industry thanks to Randy's honesty and integrity. I highly recommend Randy's if you want an experience that doesn't leave you guessing or confused.  Keep up the GREAT Work.  Thanks Again.
5	Always my first choice. Affordable, reliable, quality service, and honest... No sales pitch, up-selling, or bull... Just great mechanics!
5	My family has been going to these guys for many years because they are good at what they do and HONEST! That is obviously a very nice quality to have in a mechanic.
5	Outstanding!  Took my car there on a recommendation and was not dissapointed. Worked with Russ, told him I needed an honest opinion as to whether or not it was worth it to fix my car. He gave me my options and was very up front with me about the condition my car was in. Ultimately I opted to not have my car repaired and sell it instead...but I will be coming back for my future maintenance and repairs.  So refreshing to feel like I have finally found a competent and honest mechanic!
5	They are GREAT!  Very complete job with great prices.  I've been bring my car there for over 3 years.  I've never left there feeling like I've been ripped off.  My 1st choice location for all my car repairs.
5	Superior Service!!  We took our car their, knowing it needed transmission work.  Others had quoted an exorbitant amount of money to fix or rebuild the transmission.  They rebuilt the transmission for a VERY reasonable price (lower than everyone else)!  A week or so later, my stabilitrak sensor light kept coming on and I took it into them and they checked it and it was just low on brake fluid.  They filled it at no charge!!  It is running great and we would highly recommend Randy's!!!!!
5	Took my truck here after I was quoted $3800 for a rebuild. They did it for less than half, finished quickly, and my truck is driving great. Hands down would recommend.
5	Highly recommend Randy s Transmission Shop. The transmission went out the day before I was to drive it to California pulling a trailer on vacation. I looked them up on Yelp and was impressed with all the rave reviews and called them up. They have a 24 hour turn around and could take our truck in right away!  They had a transmission in the shop. They did what they said they would do for exactly the price they quoted   we were on the road on vacation without delay. A straight up bunch of guys. No bullshit!
5	Transmission on our K5 Blazer was slipping. Was lookiing for a local shop to use. Found Randy's  online and stopped to check it out. Was greeted by Russ in shop office. Told him what we had. and looked around shop. Very clean and well organized. Brought in our truck on Friday was asked how we want unit to shift and how it was used. Tuesday it was ready. Very fair price, sifts great and very pleased. Would highly recommend this shop.
