2	Wow. Get ready for the hard sell at this place. Since I moved to Phoenix a little over a month ago, I've been quite surprised by the number of car wash businesses around here. "It never rains," I thought. "Why so much need for car washing?"I have since realized that the dust makes me want to keep my car clean. Plus I'm just *in* my car a lot more now than I used to be when I was living in Boston. Getting it washed every two weeks or so feels normal out here. I stopped by Prestige on a Saturday afternoon just to get a quick full-service wash on my way home. It was shocking how many times I had to say "no" to the attendants, all who offered to buff out a dent, shampoo my upholstery, and replace my entire windshield. I had to keep saying "not this time, guys. Just the car wash." The wash itself took a pretty long time (a good 15 minutes) and I was waiting in their dirty lobby area for a while with many others who were also waiting. They finally finished the car and while they did an OK job, it was nothing to write home about. Certainly not worth all the hassle.
1	I agree with Alist R.'s review above.  I just got back from Prestige Carwash, the only reason why I went is for the coupons I get in the mail.  So I pull up and guy #1 is trying to sell me on this Express Carwash for $39, after 5 min of saying "no" to this guy, guy #2 tries to sell me on getting the cracks on my windshield filled in, that was another 5 min of saying "no".  The wash itself isn't that good.  It's NOT a hand car wash, they run your car through a drive through car wash and have some guys do a quick dry and run Armor-all on the dash while missing some spots.
1	I want to send a big THANK YOU to Prestige Car wash!  Last Saturday I took my van in to get washed.  The place was packed!  There was at least 20 cars ahead of me but I thought I'd give it a try anyways.  The worker who met me at my car started the conversation by asking me if I had brought him a "clean or dirty car."  Who brings a clean car to the car wash?  I opened the back door and told him I wanted a wash a vacuum.  He looked inside and told me it would be $99.95.  I responded with "I dont want a detail, I want a wash and vacuum."  He proceeded to tell me that he couldn't do that for me.  He said that because I take my dog on road trips the hair from my dog had gotten into the fiber of my carpet and it would need to be detailed to get out.  After arguing with him for 10 minutes and telling him I am always able to vacuum my dogs hair out of the carpet very easily.  He said "WELL THEN, GOOD LUCK WITH THAT!" and walked away.  I was actually turned away from a place that I was willing to pay $ to! So, feeling very rejected and embarrased, I took my car to a self wash.  I ended up paying $8.50 (I even bought smell good Cherry Spray,) and competely vacuumed, washed, and armoralled my car myself in less than 30 minutes.  So, Thank you Prestige Auto!  You not only saved me over $10, my car looks better than I would have expected it to look from getting it cleaned at your establishment.  The other reviews are correct, this place is horrible.  I dont understand why there were so many other patrons here on that day.  Perhaps it is because people like to throw $ away, as well as be abused and embarrassed by a business who proudly treats their customers like crap!  I'm sure they get the majority of their business from 1st time patrons using their coupons, but I doubt many people come back.
2	I go here all the time because it is close. I politely but firmly tell them the was I want. If the windshield vampires swarm I tell them I don't have glass coverage. I usually end up with a clean car at a fare price.
1	Sucked... I still haveStill dusty with waterspots
1	I had used Prestige Car Wash off and on for a few years, never really that impressed, but I put up with the tiresome upsell and offer to fix windshield chips.A while back I decided to get a full detail of my car, inside and out.  Unfortunately, I was told they were all booked up for the afternoon, but if I bought a gift certificate for a detail they would wash my car today and  I could schedule the detail anytime.  Seemed fair enough so I paid $150, got my free basic wash and my gift certificate, and went on my way.Yesterday I called to schedule the detail and the manager said no problem, bring it in any time.  I told them I wanted a detail they said no problem, talk to the cashier.  When I showed the cashier my gift certificate she indicated they don't accept gift certificates anymore.  I show her that the certificate shows I paid $150, it has no expiration date, and that I couldn't believe they weren't going to give me anything for the $150 I paid them.  She indicated that the manager who gave me that card "wasn't putting the money into the cash register" and has been fired so they couldn't honor the gift certificate.Next call will be to one of the "3 on your side" type of folks, followed by setting up a court date in small claims court to get my $150 back.If you want to avoid this kind of hassle, I suggest you skip Prestige and go to one of the many other choices you have for auto wash and detailing.
1	What a waste of money.  I got home and cleaned off all the missed spots and glass that wasn't cleaned.  Not to mention when I was there I was hassled to upgrade to everything, even fixing my windshield. WTF
2	Like many car washes they do what it takes to scrape by.  I am still looking for a place that actually puts a little extra elbow grease into it.  I am tired of being upsold on exterior waxes etc and they cant even take the time to vacuum my seats.
1	SLOOOOW!!! I was the ONLY customer and it took 45 minutes for me to get a BASIC wash! I talked to the manager and they didn't eve offer any sort of discount for my wait. Will not be back.
2	Desperation Car wash, mayyybeee.... Why they don't have a Danny's in Old Town I do not understand....I have been here several times and it's just part of the "fool me once..." type deal... Everytime= shitty experience. They push wayyy to hard on the upsell, to the point where you feel uncomfortable (TBH i actually did it once, just because I felt so uncomfortable, not because I wanted my cracked glass repaired...)The wash usually sucks, you should have no need to go here unless your just worried about getting the outside dusted off, like post-monsoon, quick wash over....DO NOT get detailing... I speak from experience, waste of money. Also, the lounge is a dump...
1	You know I'd hate to knock the service, because the employees are genuinely nice, but damn.....horrible car wash. Just went in today, August 25th 2011, and got a hand wax and the prestige wash.  I specifically ask for no interior dressing, and it's in there.  Wax, still left on the car in several places. The bugs I asked to be removed (and would have even been willing to pay a couple bucks extra for some attention to detail), were still caked all over the front of the vehicle.  Water spots, all over. Granted, it is 110 degrees outside, but this place will make you wish you had washed the car yourself. I would definitely not recommend this establishment to anyone else. I have tried it twice before, this being the third time, and I guess I have to learn the hard way. The manager/owner should be ashamed. Look at all the reviews for this place! Honestly, everyone should be refunded at least half of their money for even giving this place the time of day.  I hadn't had my car washed for about 3 weeks and I wish I would have kept it like that.  As far as I can tell, my car has more aesthetic damage to the paint after the wash, than it did prior to the wash.  They do a half ass job of washing and then proceed to massage the remaining dirt into your paint job.
1	Is there a NO STAR rating?  30 minutes, 20 dollars, car came out clean on the outside, just as dirty on the inside.  When I asked them to clean the inside since I paid for it, they did it pathetically again.  I just went home and cleaned it myself.  I also enjoyed the guy's swastika tat, great place for the kids.
1	Use to be good.  This time broke the mirror (I took pictures).  3 weeks still no word from them on repairs.  Today went in with husband, and found PJ, the owner, refuses to fix.  Thank goodness I took pictures for proof..
1	This place is close to my house.  The wash is nothing special.  The service is the worst.  The final straw is that my friend bought a $125 gift certificate for me.  Turns out it has an expiration date within 30 days.  I went in a few days later than that (she didn't mention and I didn't notice the expiration) and they would not honor it.  I would advise using this place as a last resort and NEVER give them any money before they perform the service.  They are going to look for an excuse to keep your money.
4	I dont know why you all had such a bad time at this place...but the Wash is under NEW management as of April 2012...I have been going there for twenty years and only had a handfull of bad experiences...most of them were because of shortage to the help for times. Anyone knows you dont take your car to a full service wash if you need to be out in 10-15 minutes...it will NEVER get done right ANYWHERE people !!!
1	Do not go here! Horrible service! Horrible attitudes!! Stay away!!!!!
1	I went to this car wash and they forced my automatic doors open. It caused $ 980 in damage. I showed them the damage done before I left the car wash ( I made a mistake..should have called the police and charged them with vandalism). I went to the dealer and had the door fixed... 980.  I dealt with Shawn. He refused to reimburse me for the damage these clowns caused. Do not go there. You are risking major damage to your car.
1	If less than one stat were poss the service was horrible, the wait...outrageous,.. the manager was so inappropriate to his employees in front of the public.. when i called to complain  he was a jerk and cared less about the service that was provided and satisfying the clientWILL NEVER GO THERE AGAIN!  which is a shame, literally around the block from my house... if he would of made right by me, i would have been a loyal patron.  his/their loss
1	I already wrote a review about this horrible place. Somehow it has disappeared. I took my van there to be washed. It has automatic doors. The yanked the door of the track and the door would not close. I ended up with a repair bill of $ 980. They denied that they had done it. It was closed when it went through the wash but would not close when I left. I pointed it out to them. They told me that they were insured for damage such as that. When they saw the repair bill they would not honour it. DO NOT DEAL WITH THES SHISTERS. IT IS NOT WORTH THE GRIEF THEY WILL CAUSE
1	Horrible horrible horrible, every employee stands around and stares at you in a disgusting manner, they smell of cigarette smoke reeking off of them is over-whelming and the young woman at the front desk could give less about what you have to say, the over-charged me for my simple wash and vacuum telling me it would be $62 dollars the clean my mats. After arguing with the staff about the ridiculous price, I still got nowhere, so I just walked out. Never again will I be back, and I hope that anyone who reads this review will let everyone know do not give this car wash your business. Very disappointing.
4	I have used this carwash for years!!!!!I hear all the negative, but I have had a good result.I Just say, " I am here for wash only" to get rid of strong selling tactic .......they always just smile and do it.Hope you have good luck like I have.
4	There is NO where else in the valley you can get a car wash, carpets and seats shampoo, for 80 dollars like they do here. The place has an all new crew that are the best in the biz, all you have to do is give them a try and you'll see no matter what the previous remarks were on here that time is gone ! As for Veronica C.... Nobody just washes mats for 62,00 you idiot, and you didn't have to pay it if you didn't want too !              (Further more some PEOPLE SMOKE...get a life) !!!
4	It is clear to me that MANY of the reviews on here are YUPPIE, POS's (if you don't know what a POS is I am being NICE) who has NEVER had to work a day in their life. YOU can NOT wash you're own car in you're front yard in 15 minutes and do everything we do here at the wash, it just will NOT HAPPEN ! This is for the YELP staff or moderators whomever takes care of this website, WE HAVE NEW everything except a building and a name (which hopefully the name will change soon !) The reviews from 2008-11/30/2014 are for a COMPLETELY different ERA and needs to be taken down ASAP as they are fraudulent and  defrarmation of the character of the new crew that is there NOW !!!
2	The staff is friendly, and they performed a hand wash for a reasonable cost. They are not very busy, but have been around forever. They do not go out of the way to make you car shine. The car looked okay but after I arrived back at home the car had a lot of watermarks and streaks on it . I believe if the staff stepped it up a bit they would do quite well. They have a good location with a lot of traffic from Scottsdale road.
