2	RESEARCH before you consider buying from this company. We bought a whole house full of shutters from them in June. On the contract (where it shows we paid about 2/3 of the total cost up front...) it says delivery in 6-7 weeks, in handwriting. It took 6 months of constant pestering to finally get all of the windows completed, which took place in 3 different installments. At first the salesman that measured the windows supposedly got some of the measurements wrong. so they had to reorder the mis-measured shutters, which took another 2 months. They never called us on their own, we had to keep pestering them for information. They came and installed the remaining windows, with the exception of one, because they could not find it. After more waiting and pestering, I finally went to the BBB and lodged a complaint. They owner asked us to remove the complaint and he would finish the installation, which I flatly rejected doing. Finally, we got a schedule to do the last shutter the day after Christmas. We came home from California to make sure we were here. 2 hours before the scheduled appointment, the office manager called and said they would have to postpone because the installer was on vacation. REALLY? You didn't have the courtesy to call the Friday before and say you let the installers have vacation, which we would have understood, and rescheduled for another day? My wife, FURIOUS, told them they would have someone at the house that day to finish the installation, which they reluctantly did. Then, the installer told my wife he wasn't leaving until he got the complete amount owed, minus $25 as a customer satisfaction discount. Wow. $25. That wasn't for customer satisfaction, that was a complete insult. THEN the installer told my wife that if we hadn't filed a complaint with the BBB, they would have given us a better deal.Bottom line - the shutters are OK/passable and the installations themselves went relatively smoothly, but everything else about dealing with this company was absolutely sub-par and unprofessional. BEWARE!!!!!!
1	What a HORRIBLE HORRIBLE Business !!!OVERPRICED --- Padded the Invoice and your LUCKY to get your shutters in LESS THAN 6 MONTHS !!!    This company jacked me around continuously --- 6 months later and I STILL DO NOT have all the shutters I ordered  -- 6 windows !!!!I will tell EVERYONE to stay away from this place --- their flyer comes in the mail all the time --- and the prices look great ---- but it is a constant fight to get your product that they make you pay 50% up front and sit on your money for months and months and months before they give you what you ordered ! -- Again I STILL do not have what I ordered.HORRIBLE PLACE --- getting ready to call the Better Business Bureau (BBB) so others do not get ripped off like I have !!!
1	Do yourself a favor when this flyer comes in the mail and throw it away. Slimy sales guy comes to your house, "forgets" to add windows and tells you they are on the invoice, incorrectly measures windows, and then goes MIA when you call to ask clarifying questions. Enter installation guy who makes a HUGE mess while installing, "forgets" to tell you he took off a door handle and then leaves it for you to discover while he shrugs when you ask if he is going to put it back on--he doesn't, and finally has to take main set of shutters back because they are missing supports.(And damages your new tile by dropping his tools on it.) Now down two shutters, completely bare windows, and not sure I will see anyone again. Demanded payment before job was done, so I gave them a check and stopped payment on it a day later when I realized they probably were not coming back without some incentive. Waiting for a nasty phone call for payment any day now. What a shoddy operation. Stay away.
3	They actually showed back up and even installed the missing shutter! Still would not be my first choice given the shadiness and the fact it took stopping payment on the check, but pleased they completed the job. With all the work I am doing on my house, I appreciate one less fight to get things done.
4	So we went with best buy shutters over bugsy and a couple other places. We got a an amazing deal and I know some people said bugsy was cheaper but I got 4 estimates from companies and nobody was near as low as best buy shutters. Although we had a little haggle with timing and after a couple of angry phone calls from me they got it done and I stalled in less than 10 days! Who can beat that?  9 days and about $1,200 cheaper than anybody else plus they have a better product which we are loving. I would use them on a next home at this point and recommend them just have to keep on them and not let them dictate the schedule and or delays
4	I ordered 12 Shutters and 1 Vertical Blind for my home. The salesman, Gary promised they would be installed in 2 to 3 weeks after submission of the order,due to the fact their shutters are made in LV. I shopped around and most of the other vendors said it would take 6 weeks to get the work done because their shutters were manufactured in China.  As far as cost they were in the middle of the pack, with several vendors bidding under and several other vendors bidding over their price.  I paid them half upon order and the remainder due at installation. Gary was nice enough to give me several temporary window covers to put up while the shutters were constructed. The Shutters and Blind were installed today exactly 3 weeks after I ordered them.  The installer was Casey and he was fast, professional, and efficient. He completed the install in 1.5 hours.  The Shutters appear to be high quality, and give my home a classier look, and definitely keep it cooler!  As with any endeavor, shop around and get several estimates before deciding which vendor works for you.
5	Highly recommend Gary gave us a very good price and they were ready in two weeks. Jerry Garcia was our installer and he was fantastic very good in his details. I would definitely recommend this company and installer. Many mahalos!!!!
1	Save yourself the headache and frustration from this incompetent, disorganized and unprofessional business. It has been more than six weeks and we have yet to hear from them. We have repeatedly asked to speak with the owners and each time they would tell us a different name.We had to use a bed sheet to cover up our windows because they unable to finish the job. WORSE COMPANY IN NV.
4	The guys at Best Buy Shutters just finished installing our shutters. They look ... Terrific. We had 24 windows done (including 2 sliding patio doors) - great value, good service, and quick install considering how many we had done - in less than 4 weeks! Would recommend them to my friends - and will call them up when I'm ready to do my crown molding!
1	Great sales pitch, part of the pitch was blinds were made locally so they could be ready to install in 2 weeks instead of the other competitors average 4 weeks, we even accepted a 3 week time frame when we called to add 1 more shutter to the order. This was one of the main reasons we went with this company, it certainly wasn't the price which was ALOT higher than the 3 other estimates we had. After 4 weeks and not hearing again from them since I gave them over $2,000.00+ down payment , I called for a update into the "5th" week ! I was told I would hear back in a couple of days on Saturday then maybe shutters would be ready the following week "6th" and then maybe schedule a install appointment ! She wouldn't commit to any date or comment on the progress of my shutters. I wanted to beat the heat that is coming, over a hundred here in Las Vegas but that's not going to happen. As it stands right now I am sorry I went with this company , I am worried about how good Their shutters really are since I have been lied too about when I can expect them, and makes me question about quality, installation, and if they really will stand by their warranty . If situation improves I will update my Yelp about this company.
1	HORRIBLE SERVICE!!!I kept calling to schedule an apt for measurement for three weeks. I left numerous messages with no response. When I was finally scheduled to have the measurement with Nicole, she did not show up. I waited all day for this appt on my day off for nothing.
1	Agree with the others horrible customer service went to visit their showroom and they acted like we were bothering them!
1	Cheap shutters..  Owner talked me into the slider shutters. He said they would block out most of sun..not even close.  Very flimsy plastic coverings. Installer was very professional and quick. Screws are sticking out at all angles and it will be a mess to replace.  I have been putting it off but need to clean up the mess.
