5	Best cut and color in town!Went in very nervous - had horrible experiences at other salons that were rated best in Las Vegas.  Turns out this place is the best, period.  I did such a goofy job of explaining what I wanted, so really worried about how it would turn out.  TURNS OUT RICKY READ MY MIND - PERFECT COLOR AND CUT - AMAZING.   Not a fancy place, but the owner is really a special, talented guy. Combine this with the most reasonable prices in Las Vegas, and I am the happiest customer in town.
5	Who knew after an impromptu haircut pit stop in Vegas that afterwards, all of the boys and all of the girls were begging to if you seek amy.:DI love my haircut from hair xperts!  This small shop really added something to my Vegas trip, and I am so happy I got to stop by here.  Noel and Ric are both hilarious, and really make you feel at home here.  As I was getting my hair cut, there would be so many people passing in and out, and each one would be greeted with the friendliest of smiles, and the sassiest of sass coming from these two.Noel also gave me recommendations of what hair styles and color I'd be able to pull off in the future, and I'm definitely taking that to heart.Who knew I'd come all the way from LA to Vegas to get a hair cut?  Awesome experience all the way.
5	So I went in not knowing what to expect. I mean, I'm a Supercuts kinda guy. I don't really care what my hair looks like when I get up. My hairstyle depends on how my hair parts that day (depending on how I sleep).Yet I went in to Hair Xperts and have realized the error of my ways. Noel and Ric both were extremely friendly and helpful. Both were very knowledgeable about their craft and efficient in cutting and styling my hair. While doing so, other customers came in and were greeted on a first name basis. This is what really impressed me--their high quality of customer service.As for the haircut itself, Noel promised me two things. It would not only get me lucky in bed, but would get me lucky at the tables.  Later on, with my haircut and this new-found swag, he wasn't mistaken--I won big at craps that night. As for the other promise... let's just say that true gentlemen doesn't kiss and tell...In all seriousness though, next time I'm in Vegas, I'm stopping here again for sure.
5	I have never been a regular at any salon, because although I've had okay cuts elsewhere, I never found a stylist that really listened or seemed to know what they were really doing...at a reasonable price where I didn't feel that I was overpaying for the service provided. That has changed after discovering Hair Xperts. This salon is fantastic. The two owners - Noel and Ric - they are both extremely friendly and humorous. I just come for a cut, no colors, though they offer complimentary coloring for new clients. The store itself doesn't look upscale and it's part of a rather run down looking strip mall, but the area is fine, and the inside is sufficient. It's the quality of the cuts and service that matters! Plus, the prices are so affordable. I definitely recommend Hair Xperts.
5	I have moved to 2 states in 2 years and in the process lost my favorite hair stylist of 10 years,  yup 10 years. So ... I did TONS AND TONS of research before selecting my new stylist. I've been turned a bobcat twice in my life, once in high school by some salon in San Angelo on Oxford/Sherwood way. YUCK! and the other by Paul Micthell salon in Temecula. You live, you learn. But this place had a review somewhere on some website that described my predicament to a tee....A girl had been turned orange (latina hair has a lot of red undertones and if you're not careful it will orange or turn very brassy, and there's nothing uglier than brassy highlights esp. if the color on your hair DOESNT suit your skin tone). She said the stylist did exactly what she said she wanted. MUSIC to my ears! Called right away and booked my apt . I was nervous but reminded my self. it is after all just hair and it will grow back if I dont like it and I have a bottle of toner @ home if I hate it. (gotta love sally's) I asked for Rick and asked for my usual highlights and brought pictures although I really just wanted him to match what I already had on my head - and I also brought a pic of the haircut I wanted. He complied accordingly. I was charged $130 for cut, highlights and color. (both visits) I went bk. My 2nd appt I showed up and there was a new guy working with them named Humberto from LA. He really nice and funny and agreed how leaving CA for LV heat was unmistakably unbearable. Very nice guy cut my hair did a great color but I was also concerned by the foils on all my hair (even the base) hmm. i hope all my hair wasnt bleached but it was very dry when I left. A lil Fekkai Protein Rx treatments @ home fixed that though. He gave me a very nice hair cut, awesome in fact. I wasnt sure about it at first and felt maybe I needed an addl trim b/c not enough was cut but then thought maybe it was just the significant amt of layering that gave it that effect. I loved the color and I loved the fact that when I go in to this salon its not the snooty places I fear, but they remembered me and joke around with you. Very cool place and if you are looking for someone you can trust to give GREAT COLOR this place is def. worth a try.
1	I use YELP all the time and find the information beneficial however while visiting my 80 year old aunt in Las Vegas she asked that I take her to a salon to cut her hair.  My was a bit long so I decided to find a place in YELP and we could both get our hair cut.  I called and made an appointment for the both of us so we could make her other appointments.  When we arrived I knew that the place wouldn't be in the best location after I had read the reviews.  The two owners there were in the middle of working on other clients.  1pm came and went and 15 minutes later my aunt asked if it would be much longer since she had another appointment.  The two guys who I can only assume are Ric and Noel became angry and said they couldn't exactly say how long they would be and we wouldn't expect to get in right away to a doctors office.  These two guys started becoming very irate, yelling at my aunt and myself about time and their behavior became unacceptable, snarky to the point of scaring my aunt.  They said they could reschedule and I explained that I lived out of town and would be leaving and this was the only time I was available.  They then told us to leave.  Ric or Noel stated that he couldn't work under pressure and wouldn't be able to cut our hair.  This behavior is UNACCEPTABLE, UNPROFESSIONAL and I would never recommend a place that yells at a 80 year old woman EVER.  DO NOT GO HERE.  These guys should not run a business or be around the public until they learn to control their outbursts.  I would say they probably wrote the below recommendations to get people into the salon.
5	My hubby and I love going to Ricky and Noel.  In fact, we found out recently one of our close friends has been going there for years and we didn't even know it!  Ricky and Noel are the owners and only 2 hairstylists at this salon.  They are a fantastic team and you're sure to leave with a haircut you like.  For first time clients they have a great deal to get a free color when you get a haircut.  This is what brought me to the shop, and now I'm a regular client of theirs.Ricky knows color like it's his business.  (And it is!  ;) )  He has colored my hair twice now, and I've loved his work both times.  He's knowledgable, talks through what he wants to do before he starts, and your hair will look as discussed...which is so important.  Noel is awesome too.  Last time I went there he cut my husband's hair while Ricky was dying mine...and then cut my hair after I was done getting my color.  He did a wonderful job.As someone who has traveled home to cut and color my hair, I'm happy to say I've found someone here in Vegas finally that knows what their doing.Definitely check these two out.
5	I used to get my hair cut close to work, trying a few different places, but I was never fully satisfied.  These guys are close to home, reasonably priced, and they do a great job!  They remember conversations of things I don't even remember telling them.  I would describe the  experience as having your hair cut by a friend.  In regard to the bad reviews...I guess I could see them doing it...they are edgy and honest, but they care!  If you want cookie cutter go to the mall, if you want edgy sincerity, along with great quality, these guys are great!
5	I have had $95 haircuts, and $12 haircuts and everything in between. The $45 cut I had at hair Xperts was one of the best cuts I've ever had. These guys know what they're doing. I went for the first time two weeks ago, after seeing them on yelp and because they're close to my work. They let me make an appointment at 6:15 so I could come after work. I was the only one in the shop and they normally close at 7, but stayed until 7:45 to blow out my super thick and naturally wavy hair. They were super nice and fun and great at hair. Normally I'm not a big chatter, I even brought a book in but never touched it because they were so fun to talk to. We even sang Les Mis songs together. I have long, un-colored hair these days, so I don't need it cut very often, but now I want to get it cut more just so we can hang out. If you have curly hair, I especially recommend hair Xperts. They managed to make my hair look good both curly and straight. Which is hard to do. Check them out.
5	This one is for the guys. First time there, I asked the guys for a faux hawk, it turned out better than I expected and they were very friendly. I had really long hair and was unsure how a faux hawk would look on me. He gave some suggestions and we worked from there, very happy with service, he took a whole hour just on me, granted I did have long hair. Very pleased with Hair Xperts, would definitely go back.
5	Great value for even a greater price.Love coming here!The guys are fun to be around and have a natural talent for cutting and coloring!!!
5	I love this place.  After moving to Vegas, I looked all over for a place that could give me a simple man's haircut.  Hard to find until I came to hair Xperts.  Rick and Noel are super cool and cut great hair!  $20 for man's hair cut is a good price.
5	Been going to Hairexperts for 6 years. Unfortunately moving out of state wll miss Rick & Noel.Great guys excellent haircuts an color, always up beat. Go there you won't be disappointed. Joe And Meredith. Good luck Guys.
5	R.I.P Rick.....you always cared so much about my wife's hair and how she looked.  We will miss you.
5	In town for spring break, my hair needed a lift, style, something.  Noel cut my hair, gave me low lights, no need for drying, that's how good my hair looked.  I love the compliments I receive.  When I am in Vegas, I'll be sure to swing by before painting the town red.
