2	This is tough, because I REALLY wanted to like this place! What killed it for me? The lack of professionalism that was presented when my fiance and I came to look at this venue. I will admit that we were 10 minutes late to our appointment, however I do not think this warrants being treated like a herd of cattle.First when I called the venue to make an appointment whoever picked up the line sounded as if they were in a rush and not even interested in making the appointment which was the first turn off. Upon arrival, we walked into another entrance thinking it was the main entrance, then we were re-directed by an employee to the adjacent door. As we walked out there was (I don't even remember her name), the wedding coordinator waiting. She quickly greeted us then had us sit down as she began to talk about the venue. Usually when you want to sell the venue you run, you'd think you would see someone with a little enthusiasm and fire explaining why their venue is so amazing. Well, we didn't get that from this individual. What did we get? A quick 10 minute spiel about what they do and the services provided and 3 wedding books shoved in our faces as examples then a quick 10 minute tour of the place. That's it, no effort, no emotion, no interest in wanting to get to 'know us' and get a feel for what kind of wedding we would like to have, just a quick, here is the place, goodbye. She was very snooty and acted as if she was not in the mood to showcase the venue.So why two stars instead of zero? One star is for the venue itself. It is very chic, modern, yet elegant. The reception area is beautifully decorated and where the ceremony is held is beautiful as well! There are many ways one can decorate this place! The other star is the PRICE. This venue offers all inclusive packages at unbeatable prices. I mean an all inclusive package where they provide virtually everything for roughly 100 guests is $9495.00 taxes and gratuity included!!! That's a steal, trust me, I've looked into a TON of venues, you will not find an all inclusive price as cheap as this. Honestly, if my fiance and I were the only individuals funding our wedding, then we probably would have considered this place (more than likely, VEGAS). However, given the type of customer service that was displayed, we took our business elsewhere.
5	My husband and I were married at TreBella in March.  Every step of the way was a wonderful experience for us.We visited an open house a little over a year before our wedding.  We were greeted by Kim and her husband/the bartender/the backup DJ, Jim, who were both very sweet and helpful.  We fell in love with the venue immediately.  It is stunningly chic, modern, with just the right amount of fancy to make it suitable for a formal occasion.  They have an awesome man cave with TV, big comfy chairs, and they have a beautiful Bride's room with a big leopard chair, and lots bathroom, fridge, and lots of room for you and your girls to dress.The day of the wedding was quite a whirlwind, but Kim was absolutely wonderful as our Day Of Coordinator.  She doubled as a cocktail waitress for us and got us drinks before and after the ceremony, as well as during the reception.  She made sure to take care of everything for us and keep us on schedule so the day runs smooth.  Mike was an DJ and he did an awesome job and played exactly the styles we asked him to.We got so many compliments on how beautiful our wedding was, how nice all the employees were, and how wonderful the food was. We are so glad we found TreBella.  It was all inclusive pricing, at a fraction of the cost.  We paid about 6500 for 75 people all inclusive. (food, linens, cake, champagne toast, open bar, dj, bartenders, wait staff, hand passed hors d'eurves, centerpieces, etc.) Bottom line: Get a red-carpet style event, for a backyard bbq price.  You won't be sorry!
3	First off, I should advise you that we decided against choosing this venue for our wedding.The advantage to this place seems to be the very reasonable pricing.  My fiancee and I have been hunting for a venue for a few months and this has been one of the most reasonably priced. Pricing for the venue with buffet included ended up being somewhere in the ball park of about $7500. The staff seemed to be very friendly and helpful.  The reason that the venue is more reasonably priced is that it's a bit older.  I couldn't help but notice that the building has not aged particularly well; I noticed shifting cracks and holes in the walls that could easily be patched if there was any pride in the building.  I noticed spots where there was an attempt to use cover up paint but the gloss was different so it stood out noticeably.  They do a very good job of camouflaging the walls with colorful up-lights but I found them to be a bit over the top and obnoxious.  We sampled some of the food at their open house and it was pretty good.  The outside of the venue left a bit to be desired.  Again, it's an older building in an older area of Mesa (downtown) so that's to be expected.  A decent place for a decent price.
5	I had my wedding recently at Tre Bella and I couldn't have pictured a more beautiful, organized, and romantic venue. Kim was amazing and made the whole wedding planning process a breeze. She answered every email promptly and was always there to help. Every single guest complemented my husband and I on our choice of venue. Kim has really put together a chic, romantic vibe to the venue with her many choices of decor and lighting ambiance. Kim's choice in vendors alone was perfect. I honestly couldn't have picked better and it made it really nice that everyone knew where to go and what to do without worrying if someone would get lost or not show. Plus if you are a planning your wedding, you know the stress of trying to find the right vendor and with Tre Bella that's not even an issue. I also want to stress how amazing the DJ was. Guests told me multiple times that they hardly ever dance at weddings but this DJ set the mood and had everyone bumpin on the dance floor!Overall I rate this place a 10 out of 10. As for the low reviews....I don't really understand. The only thing I can come up with is that they must be very high maintenance?
5	We recently had our wedding at Tre Bella in early April and were very pleased with our experience from beginning to end. Since we were new to Phoenix, we were not familiar with the venues in the area. We were looking for something that was all inclusive, reasonably priced and nice for our guests and Tre Bella had it all! Our friends referred us to Tre Bella (who used them too) and we couldn't have been more happy with our experience. We initially read the reviews first and were excited to read about everyone's amazing experience and wanted that too.We initially met with Kim, the owner, and she was spectacular! She gave us a tour of the facility, went over every detail of the timeline of items and showed us the wide variety of items to choose from starting with table decor all the way to back lighting on the walls. The pre-planning was great. She accommodated our busy work schedules, provided multiple open houses to sample the food (which was amazing), and was quick to make any changes we had up to the last minute... even made suggestions on way to improve the ceremony.I most definitely want to recognize the catering staff. They did such a wonderful job serving our guests and making sure everything was in perfect shape. Also, DJ Mike was super awesome and played exactly what we wanted (and didn't want). He was right on point! Also, during one of the open houses, we met Lew our officiant.  He was great and would use him again! :)5 stars all the way! Thanks again for the great memories, Tre Bella!
5	I'm getting married here in November and Kim has been so helpful and attentive throughout this whole process! I love this place and cannot wait to be married here! If you haven't checked out this venue yet DO IT NOW! Its gorgeous and such a good deal! I love that they package everything for you to make it that much easier for the bride to be :)
4	Just got married here! Great place! Great price!
5	I recently had my wedding at Tre Bella and I as well as my wife are very pleased with the entire process. Service- The service was spot on.  We did almost all of our communication with Janelle who was very helpful from the first meeting through the actual wedding.  We also had a great meeting the DJ Mike.  He was very professional as well as open to our ideas but he also offered very good suggestions. Food- The food was also done well.  We initially wanted to cater our food from an outside source however that is not an option with Tre Bella.  They did offer a free tasting which even included a tasting of the wines!  We went in for the tasting and were not let down by the quality of the food.Venue- Tre Bella offers three rooms to choose from which are all nice.  The rooms vary in style and size and price.  We had our ceremony and reception in both the Stanza and the Bianca rooms. We loved how the venues include linens, set-up, DJ, food, wedding consultation, and cake cutting services.The Big Day-  Went as good as we hoped for.  The wedding went smooth from start to finish.  The staff did a great job.  I can't think of one negative thing to say about Tre Bella.  Thanks again to Janelle and DJ Mike as well as the rest of the staff!
5	"Unforgettable!!!!" ,"Best wedding Ever" , "Man the food was great", "that cake is AMAZING", "My feet hurt from dancing ALL NIGHT, great DJ". These are just a few of the comments/feedback we got from our friends and family after holding our wedding ceremony & reception at Trebella on 12/6/14.We looked for several months trying to find the perfect venue and in March 14' we found Trebella.  At first Kim was a little stand offish with my husband and I so we were a little concerned. Although we booked the venue and began planning and we were not let down!! The day after our wedding my husband and I were talking and he recalled that Kim had been stand off'ish the first time we meet. Than I remembered that first meeting was on a Monday late evening , DUH ...KIM was probably exhausted that first meeting. She and her staff worked incredibly hard to make our wedding perfect. She never sat down, she was right there when we needed her and attended to our every need.   As well her staff was professional and well managed meaning they all knew where to be and when to be there.  Great Great Job Tre-Bella!!  Pro's1. Low Stress2. Kim had clearly explained everything that needed to be done prior to the wedding including dates and contact info. 3. Open house taste testing - **this is a must I wish I would have gone to more than one **4. Easy payment option 5. Excellent price for what you're getting.  This venue does not nickel & dime you like others . It's truly all inclusive (no I didn't buy the most expensive package either, in fact I purchased the lower end one but you'd never have known that the day of the wedding) 6. I am not a DIY Kinda chick in fact I'm the opposite. The reception hall looked as if we spent weeks decorating, it was breath taking and I didn't add anything to the tables other than flowers!! The lighting made all the difference!!7. Food : I'll sum it up!! My Italian family from NY, said they loved the Italian food we served. What a relieve ;)  8. Flexible : I change my table and decor what felt like 10 times and Kim never fletched never said no she was happy to make the necessary adjustments.  My husband wanted a different beer then they offered Kim was so easy "ok no problem" was her exact words!!!! 9. Cake vendor: phoenix cake company WOW amazing not only did it look beautiful it tasted amazing!! 10: DJ Mike: AWESOME SAUCE! Hubby and I don't dance so gracefully and when wanted to be done with the first dance and walked off he transitioned that song without missing a beat!!! Great job Mike11. PHOTO BOOTH: Spend the money it's worth ever penny!!!! I got mine for free as part of the incentive package but would have paid for it!!CON's I believe that constructive criticism is the best way to continually improve,  this wasn't easy.  I really struggled to find things as con's.  Here are the ones I have. 1. Light rail construction, not Trebellas fault but had the light rail been running that was have been great. I believe it starts in the next two months. 2. Grooms sweet was warm and slightly uncomfortable when they got there Kim immediately corrected it once we told her.
