4	I have to give this jewellery shop, or gallery as the name says, kudos for its fantastically appealing lighting scheme, and gleaming glass layout that makes everything look like it's bathed in this ethereal light of jewellery magnificence. Or maybe I'm just very weak in terms of shopping resistance, but either way, I found that I was very easily visually persuaded to come in here. Jewellery in the ever amazing looking platinum, with gorgeous stones, and pearly creations, all make Rock Candy a delight to browse. There are also some lovely silver and gold pieces too, from a range of different national and international designers, and also small, up and coming designers too, so there's a good chance you'll get something unique, or a one-off. The different coloured bangles from Block are really cool, and if you want something a bit different and a bit edgy for your wedding/engagement ring, that definitely looks the part without conforming too much to tradition, then there's a lot to choose from here. Not that I was in any way browsing marriage accessories for future ideas, I just noted they were cool alright?
5	Having now purchased two wedding rings from Rock Candy, I think I can vouch for the experience.The staff have always been helpful and, when shopping with the Fussiest Man In The World (should I take that as a compliment?), patient, helpful staff are a wonderful thing.Rock Candy have a great selection of more unusual designs and I like the variety they have for men.  I'm as much of a cufflink addict as Him, so this place is somewhere we can both ogle and consider joint purchases, as much as point at things with a big Hint gesture in the months leading up to birthdays, Christmas and other Significant Events.Oddly, I also really like the design of the space in Rock Candy.  It's a little conversion art gallery meets jewellery store, with considered lighting and an air of down-to-earth elegance.  It is, however, the staff who really make Rock Candy more than "just" another trinket store.  Only days after ordering a smaller wedding ring, we got to go back in and try it on...we didn't bother with the big white dress, though!
