3	Not great but not terrible. Big units that offer very spacious layouts, however the abundance of asu students makes living in the area stressful
5	Amazing apartments for their price! Nice, quiet and great staff! Mary is very welcoming and a wonderful person.  It's a good secluded area for those who need a bit of a getaway from the city :) but not too far away.
1	While the units are beautiful and spacious, the staff at the leasing/management office effectively eliminates this benefit. In the six months we have lived here we are on our third set of staff. No one knows what the previous one had done or promised so anything we were given or promised by the staff when we moved in was stripped away or forgotten. They care nothing for current residents, have no documentation or note system to track any conversation and have never returned a call. They operate with zero skill set to effectively manage a property. I am a business consultant and I would have fired all of the previous set and the current one. There were two capable people when we moved in but then again, they may have just been nice since they were trying to get us to sign the dotted line. Not worth it folks, big no for me.
1	This has been the worst apartment complex I have ever lived in.  Sure from the pictures and at first glance they look beautiful, but once you move in you realize what you see is not what you get. First and foremost, the staff is terrible. Friendly at first until you sign the lease then you will never hear back if you have a question and they back out on promises and statements. They are extremely condescending, lack any form of customer service, and have zero knowledge of property management.  I have never dealt with such asshattery in any of my dealings.   Secondly, the gym is tiny with minimal equipment. Third the apartments are horribly built. Sound echoes thru the halls, walls and ceilings so every step and noise can be heard by your neighbors and vice versa.  Then there is the lack of guest parking that is continually filled with resident cars.  Lastly is the price - WAY to much for what you're getting... There's low income housing across the street, homeless people always lingering, etc. Please think twice before choosing this place, it's been such a headache this review can't begin to explain.
1	I have lived here for two years.  I leased originally with trillium and we had great management and everything was run clean and efficiently.  Since then the complex has been bought out by grey star and the management staff rotates several times.  The management does not seem to know anything and constantly leaves the office early and or show up late.  They also fail to return phone calls or have any strong follow through.  The apartments themselves are great for the price but with the staff I would never live here again.  The halls are filthy.  We have had a cracked egg that ia in the stair well for over a month that I have reported to be cleaned up and it still has hardly been touched.  There are also so many homeless people who stand outside of the gates at night it makes it feel unsafe since the new management has cut the amount of security to save money.  If you are looking for a nice place to live in the area there is always W6 and few nice condos for the same rent price.  This is the last place I would pay upwards of 1500 dollars a month to live.
1	Sotelo is a fine complex as far as nice apartments go, but the management and other residents are horrible. Yolanda Moreno is the absolute worst property manager I have ever seen in my life. She is extremely unintelligent and rude.She never has an an answer for any questions I have and never actually does what she says she is going to do. I despise having to deal with her, but because the management is so bad I have to. The staff has been switched at least four times in the past 6 months and I cannot keep track of all the morons that pretend to work here. If Greystar owned the property when I was first looking to move in here I definitely would not have chosen to live here. Every member of the Greystar team is idiotic and disgusting and no one talks to each other or gets anything done. I have asked them multiple times to complete a maintenance request and they never did it. It took me going in the third time and practically spelling out the order for them before it was performed. The online payment system is always an issue and they take no responsibility for it. They come in late and leave early and never answer the phone. The rating reviews on the actual website are inaccurate, and the community amenities are a lie.   We keep a very clean apartment, but came back after summer break and had rats. As noted, there is no free professional service pest control, once again another lie. The residents are rude and dirty and loud. You can hear absolutely everything through the walls and annoying dogs wake you up at 6 in the morning. The pool is small and dirty and people blast music and scream at all hours of the night with no repercussions. The stairways and hallways always smell like weed and have bugs and eggs in them. There are homeless people wandering around the complex and the housing across the street is run down and crappy, only drawing in more filthy people. There used to be a security team that patrolled the complex at night but I have not seen them in months.You do get assigned parking below the buildings, which is nice, however if someone parks in your space there is nothing you can do about it and the management will do nothing for you, so you are out of luck. Save yourself money and dignity and DO NOT LIVE HERE!
