4	Cool, so this is the first YMCA I have ever been to, so i have nothing to compare it to.  Although I really don't need to compare it, as it does everything I need it to do.  It has GREAT equipment for working out.  I mean state of the art.  you can plug your ipod or USB drive into the equipment for music and fitness tracking!In addition, They have a children's center where you can drop off your kid while you work out, and the place is hardly EVER busy!The guy at the front counter (my wife told me his name but I cant remember) went out of his way for me the other day and it was really appreciated!  It seems like everyone there is cheerful and happy to help you with everything you need.The people that frequent this facility are extremely courteous, and clean the machines when they get done.  I'm not kidding!  I watched them!  You don't get that kind of attitude at the gym on the corner!Also, the classes are challenging and fun (I don't attend, but my wife does and she loves them!)This facility is really awesome, and for the price you can't beat it!  Do yourself a favor and quit your overcrowded, overpriced gym and join the Y in Tempe!
3	I have to say I'm pretty happy with my new Y membership. I joined three weeks ago and have been several times a week since. Facility: Top of the line equipment, and lots of it. I'm not really a gym person, but I found the machines (treadmills, ellipticals, stairclimbers, bikes, etc) to be in abundance and easy to figure out how to use. None of it is broken or wonky and there are no "old machines" to get stuck with. The weight machines are actually digital, so if you sign up for the work out program (I totally recommend if you're like me and not so gym savvy) they take you around to set up each machine to your specific needs. So all you do is tap your ID into the display and it pulls up seat settings, weight you should be doing and amount of reps. Very handy and helpful. Pool is heated in winter and shaded in summer. Haven't tried it yet, but looks clean, big and will be a god send this summer. There are also racquet ball courts (3, I think), another weight room for classes, a large studio for big aerobics classes and a small room for small classes. Ladies locker room is OK. There are a lot of kids running around, so there are always puddles of water and a general messiness about, but it's nothing that's totally grossed me out...yet. I've never showered here and I don't think I would.Atmosphere: Very friendly, from the staff to clientele. I've been complimented on everything from my shoes, to my gym bag to my tattoos - that's never happened at other gyms. There are kids, LOTS of kids. Some are in high school and there for programs, but some are younger and apparently just there to run up and down the halls. The staff mostly keeps them in line though, and for as intolerant I typically am of children, I've been yet to be really bummed out by their presence. The classes are a big range of people, ages and body types. I think that's a good thing.Classes/Services: This was why I joined. There are a lot of classes at this branch. So far I've done yoga (beginner and intermediate) and cardio box and I've been satisfied. They also have the usual stuff: Zumba, Jazzercise, Cycle, Burn, Water Aerobics, etc., as well as running groups you can sign up for. Massage services are offered for $40 for members.Kids workout classes, day care is available.Overall: It works well for me. I like that I can go to any Y (I work downtown but live in Tempe, so that is GREAT). It's $31/mo and that's totally reasonable for me. The atmosphere and clientele is low key, family types that are there to better themselves, not show off or pick up on each other, so that suits me as well.
2	We are not members.  We visited this location on recommendation from a friend for the Parents Night Out program.  I found the entire experience to be very disorganized.  Making reservations on the phone took over 15 minutes and being put on hold several times.  When we arrived the night of it was hard to locate where we were suppossed to go.  When we found the correct location it was quite chaotic and disorganized.  My kids did have a nice time and I am confident they were treated well.  We won't be back though.
3	Kind of a dive for a gym.  Very much outdated and cramped with low ceilings and a small workout space compared to most facilities.  The gym is nice for what it is and the studios are as well.  The staff is not very friendly, I am used to facilities that greet you as you come and go and I don't receive that here.  Also there is rarely staff in the work out area which I don't find to be normal.The equipment is fine, but nothing special.  It is very tight and cramped, low ceilings make it feel even smaller.  Would not recommend to most people.
3	First, let me say that I've been an on-again, off-again member for years.  If always had good experiences with friendly staff and super clean family environment. Equipment is awesome with a huge variety.  But, why the waivering member status?????  I get bored! My husband signed us up again after about a year break. We keep teling ourselves that we could workout and home, then we find out it never happens!  (Sound familiar anyone?) So, back to the Y we go. I excitedly grab the class schedule and then the disappointment sets in. There are so few evening classes and not ones I'm interested in on the weekends.  My thinking is that they cater to the retirement crowd so the concentration of classes is during the day. It's great for walking on the treadmill and zoning out, but I can't do that 3 days a week. Im not a runner so treadmill running is OUT!  I need fun, aerobic classes each evening that will work around my crazy work schedule. Can I get a beginning yoga class somewhere in there? For now, letting membership go and depending on my fellow Yelpers to guide me to a fun workout place with dance type aerobic workouts. And maybe a bitnof Yoga tossedmin  Don't fail me Yelpers!
4	Been a member since 2003, originally at Ahwatukee Foothills. As an athlete (post collegiate hammer thrower, OH YEAH!) I train at Crossfit 347. However, since I can only manage driving out there 3 days as week, it's convenient to have a membership for those days  I'm done throwing in Mesa and need to get a workout in. Very friendly, unintimidating atmosphere. Someone always greets you. Ryan Aslan, one of the personal trainers is a pretty cool guy, and will stop by to catch up with everyone.Great for families and free childcare. They have locker rooms, but you need to bring your own lock.   There's a nice variety of Group Fitness classes available. Favorites are Zumba class with Liz and Kimberly on Monday (5:30PM), Wednesday (4:30PM) and Saturday (8AM). Heidi also teaches a great Cycle class. Plenty of machines for all you cardio junkies out there! Oh, that weight room . . . True, this is a "normal people" gym so don't expect to see any bumper plates, quality barbells or platforms for the Olympic Lifts. No big, my coach has me modify or go lighter with higher reps. One squat rack always equals a wait. Like any typical gym, you'll see dudes doing CURLS on the squat rack and neglecting their legs. Too funny. Love that there's an auxiliary room for conditioning work. Thanks for having lots of jump ropes and KETTLE BELLS; how awesome is that?! Unlike other Valley YMCA locations, there seems to be less girl-on-girl cattiness. If it's happening I'm too busy working out to notice, but yeah. You won't even see Stepford Wives all decked out in Lulu Lemon, the entire MAC counter on their faces and NOT breaking a sweat here. Everyone's there to workout and get stuff done. Sure, I've had a couple douchebros make offensive comments within earshot about me being the only female lifting . . . and lifting HEAVY! Being feminine and strong aren't mutually exclusive events. Duh. ;)  Recommended!
3	This review is primarily directed at the strength training facilities at the Tempe YMCA.  The location itself is nicely laid out with ample shaded parking, a plus in the summertime.  Inside is large with segregated workout areas, a plus when cardio and group classes are being held.  As an active weight lifter, my primary area of concern was the strength training room.  It was small by my standards, with majority of the room being filled with cardio equipment.  The dumbbell rack was standard, ranging from 10 to 100 pounds.  There was only one bench though for bench press and incline, something I hoped would be more of since they are quite common exercises for any weight lifter.  All the equipment was clean though, and the noise level was minimum, with no children on the floor.  All in all, a standard weight training room with decent weights.  I would not recommend this facility if your workout encompasses anything more than baseline free weights.  For active duty military, this facility offers free guest passes, which is very nice.
4	The front desk at the Tempe YMCA sets a wonderful tone for the facility.   Probably because of their friendly welcomes, patrons are generally in good moods and are pleasant with one another.   I am a senior citizen and love not being addressed as "Dear" or "Sweetie" or "Young lady" when I check in.  I don't know whether the staff has been coached not to use those demeaning terms or whether it's just the innate kindness of the kinds of people the Tempe Y hires.   In any case, their tact is much appreciated.  The instructors in the fitness classes are excellent as well.  With their top priority the participants' safety, they make sure that the floor is clear of stray objects that might cause an accident and also offer exercise options at varying levels of difficulty.  They are also careful that the microphones and music are not played at levels that would be damaging to hearing.I love the Tempe Y and am glad that I am able to be a member there.
4	Shout out to Rich at the front desk! Were always happy to see him and all the other employees for that matter. This gym may not be the nicest or have the best equipment but it gets the job done and we've made great relationships and really feel apart of the community since joining back in March 2014. We've been long time members of different Y's across AZ and TX but there is definitely something special about this one! Giving 4 stars since they could use various equipment additions and improvements. All in all a great place and I recommend.
