3	Its selection needs improving, but it's the only bookstore at Town Square so you have to make do.Don't get me wrong, this Borders is new, clean and usually very lively.  But if you're looking for a bookstore with a greater selection, try the Barnes & Noble on Stephanie near the galleria mall.When it comes to bookstores in Las Vegas, your choices are almost strictly limited to Borders or Barnes & Noble.  With all the suburban sprawl, new clean looking chain stores rule.  This is far from a quaint college town with smaller, independent bookstores... so you'll have to accept it for what it is.  This Borders opened up within the past year or two.  It regular has visits and signings by authors, some of them more famous than others.  A few pluses would be plenty of search stations to find books you want.  Another is that there is a Seattle's Best Coffee Cafe inside the store.  Also, there are frequent book drives to help out local schools and community organizations to help get kids reading.  How can you possibly say no to that upon checkout?!But the thing that only gets this place 3 stars is the limited selection.  Especially when it comes to the two shelf film section.  Oh but if you're into the "young adult teen vampire obsession" genre, there's plenty of that.  So yeah, if you're looking for something well known and relatively new this place will do.  If you're into something a little more obscure, or just want to browse, maybe not.
4	Got a coupon for a free glitter ball in my email yesterday..so off I go with my little man for a free toy!Got there and plenty of glitter balls to choose from.I highly recommend signing up with the email rewards club. They always have events for the kiddos and freebies and great coupons.I also brought the little guy here when Ozzy Osbourne was signing his new book. it was hella crazy, line around the building. But I managed to take cuts right in front..no one questioned me since I had my baby. We met Ozzy and had a fun time. The staff was a bit overwhelmed by the crowd..but they did good.I always stop here when Im at Town Square.
5	Took the little guy in to pick out a new book since they have a great sale aisle for kids. He found one that of course had wheels on it and we were off to shop..I love this Borders more each time I visit!
3	The closest bookstore to the house and also in Town Square (open till 11 or later on weekends), I find myself here pretty often. The layout is nice, staff also nice, selection of magazines and books nice, Paperchase items nice, Moleskin notebooks nice and coffee shop nice. So why only 3 stars? Really...it's the crowd. Bookstores are supposed to be quiet with a treasure trove of stationery and books to look at and peruse. Having kids running around, tourists getting lost and people having loud conversations isn't my ideal of a bookstore. I have to admit that I don't buy any books from Borders or any other brick and mortar store since I have a Kindle which I find meets all my reading needs and more at the click of the button. Wait...I'm not a parasite customer:  I come to Borders/bookstores for the atmosphere and I do purchase cards/kitschy items from Paperchase and sometimes the occasional coffee or baked good. I like to limit my visits to this Borders to times when I really have to be here (waiting for someone at Town Sq, picking up a birthday card/present) due to the fact that this place is a zoo for the most part.
3	So I have a shout out for this particular Borders. More than a month ago (Oct 7 to be exact), my husband had gone to buy about 8 (not kidding) guide books for our European holiday. Out of these 8 he bought 4 for Italy. Since these books are rather large and we were only going to be holidaying in Italy for less than a week, he ended up bringing 2 and so we have the other 2 to return. Come Nov 10 I go to Borders after my Barre class (Yay to Barre!) to return these books. Although their return policy clearly says no returns after 30 days, the guy at the counter was nice enough to get manager approval and processed my return seamlessly.So why am I giving it 3 stars again?...Service is good, selection is not bad, store is clean BUT....there were teenage kids running all over the place. The store employees told them not to run but I still saw them still doing it all over the place. How can one get the bookstore experience in a bookstore that resembles a high school cafeteria?On a separate note, service here is really good and the location really can't be beat.
4	This store is the bomb! Biggest in Las Vegas for sure. This place is busy most of the time, so to come in on Saturday afternoon, expect to find it crowded. Today was no exception, there were even "adopt a cat " up front by the door, with several cages of cats, some were kittens, and some were a bit older, had a nice selection for adoption, hard to walk past without a quick look. Made it to my favorite section, found it had been moved but not far, and took by time browsing through the many books they have on knitting, crocheting and beading. Once I had checked out the new stuff, I had to browse the magazine area, and sure enough, the newest version was in. Using my discount card, which was free, I save at the check out, so off I went to stand in line. It went quickly, love this place! Be sure to check out the hundreds of deals they have and several are discounted to begin with!
4	The staff really struck me and welcoming and inviting.  Though I am from out of state, this particular store deserves my review.  4 stars because there are some better and exceptional local bookstores and comic shops around, however.
4	I love, love, love coming to the book store. This location of Borders is pretty much the only chain book store in the Southwest area of town. I believe the next closest are in Summerlin off of Charleston, near Rainbow and Sahara, or in Henderson on Stephanie. If you come here on the weekend or Friday night, you will find the parking lot quite full thanks to the many amenities of Town Square. This is a large book store, and I love that they have a Cafe inside! Nothing like getting a latte while you stroll the racks of books. The staff at this Borders is helpful. On occasion I have asked for direction or needed assistance and on all occasions they have been quick and precise with their guidance. I can't say that they have the best prices, but if you are not patient enough to wait for your books to be delivered, and you are not savvy enough to use an electronic reader, then you have to pay the price for selection, which they certainly have. While I do have an e-reader, and I do buy used books online or from local used book stores, I still have the need to visit Borders, and I still like to purchase the occasional new hard bound book. It's the experience, and the gotta-have-it now thrill after reading the synopsys on the cover.Borders is a great store and I'm going to make many visits and purchases in the future.
3	I come here to study once in a while.  Nice location but selections are always missing of what I can find at Barnes and Nobles.  But the books I look for are all Electrical related.  Just weird how they have HVAC and Plumbing related books but never on the Electrical trade.The Coffee shop inside is Seattle's Best.  Not really a big fan on their selection on cold blended coffee menu. And what is up with the wifi here? It's the slowest connection ever provided in a public place compared to others. The study area is really hard to concentrate in.  People are so loud but then again I'm not in a library.  Its hard to focus when u can hear their conversations.  Not trying to be nosy but I couldn't help but butt in the conversation when these hot girls next to me were talking about their plans tonight.  Hmmm they're going to Blue Martini tonight, haha so I called my friends and said hey lets chill at Blue tonight.
4	i love coming to this place to read books, nice location but book selection is not all that great
4	Pros:   This is a Borders that is conveniently located on Las Vegas Blvd.  Seattle's Best Coffee inside with a friendly staff  Awesome clearance section with some really good buys !  Friendly, knowledgeable  staff always willing to help out  Organized (which surprises me considering the foot traffic)  2 different signals for WIFI (super fast free WIFI)Cons:  The cafe definitely needs more seats,  but there is seating throughout the bookstore itself (which is actually a plus!)  Bathrooms are not as clean as the store itself  Magazines section is always a disaster (at least every time I go)  Verdict:  Nice place... nothing too special about the Border's. They seem to have a better selection of books (especially in clearance) when in comparison to the Border's near my house.  The staff is always friendly and there is a pretty diverse crowd.  It's usually my place of choice when I need to get some work done outside of the house....why not, with Fast WIFI that has never failed me, I have no complaints.  Just clean your bathrooms and your on your way to a 5-star in my book.Tips:    In the cafe there is art from what appears to be local artists (at the moment its Photography).  Check it out !!  If available, take a seat on the leather chairs in the corner of the store.  They are super comfortable.  It's also a perfect location if you need to juice up your electronics.  Plenty of sockets around the perimeter of  Seattle's Best.
4	Too bad Borders is going out of business.  These were some of the best "chain" bookstores in town.  Now all there is for a chain in Vegas is Barnes and Noble. I wonder how much longer they will last.  This is the result of too many people buying books online, buying e-books or not bothering to read at all.  Fortunately, there are also still a few independent bookstores in town like Dead Poet Books, the one on Sunset and Eastern, and the one on Pecos and Trop.  Visit your local independent bookstores before they go 'belly up' too.  Buying stuff online might be slightly cheaper, but it's killing our local businesses.
4	I enjoy killing some time at this particular Borders when I am at Town Square, especially if I am really early for meeting up with friends or coworkers.  The location is convenient, especially if you are taking the entrence from Las Vegas Blvd.  The only down side is leaving Town Square, and having to almost always wait nearly 1/10 of eternity just to make that left turn to get the heck out.As far as the actual bookstore, it is fairly large and well air conditioned.  A favorite hide out from the summer heat, with tons of cookbooks for me to browse.  The overall selection is okay, but they are usually missing items that I am looking for.In terms of price, sometimes the sales and clearance promotions are very good.  But with the liquidation of Borders, the company as a going concern, everything is 20% to 40% off the original price.  For books (20%), it may sound like a bargain, but a quick search online for the same item, and you will see that it is still cheaper to purchase online (usually from the Am**** dot com) if you are not in an absolute rush to get it in your hand and out the door this very minute.  Hence, the slow and painful death of another brick and mortar bookstore.I wish Borders was able to compete and survive, so there will be a physical bookstore to go and just browse and buy books, whatever you happen to be into.  Unfortunately for Borders fans, those days are clearly drawing to a close.I stopped by Borders yesterday after a brief and precision shopping mission, and the place is packed with people of all ages.  Everyone is looking to score some savings on books, DVDs, and other miscellaneous items they still have in stock.  So if you want to get anything from a physical bookstore, you better go soon, before everything is gone.Location:  4/5  Great for people in the SW or visiting Town Square.Parking:  4/5  Pretty easy on that side of the complex.  It is the getting out that is usually the pain in the arse.Price:  3.5/5  Will not pay sticker price, but if you can wait for it to come in the mail, you can find cheaper deals elsewhere.Staff:  4.5/5  Friendly and knowledgable.Noise Level:  3/5  The place can get rather loud, plus depending on the time of day, you can have a lot of loud kids in the store.
3	I am sad that Borders Is closing but I've never even come close to having a to good experience that I have a Barnes and noble. They don't have chairs to sit and read ( accept a couple in the kids area) and I never liked there club membership . The overall customer experience was lacking for me. I was however happy to pick up some cookbooks and spanish books for my sweet Rosa with a 30% off discount due to the store closing.
4	I love BORDERS! Unfortunately, the day I came, I realized they were closing this store. What's happening to all the Borders? They all seem to be closing down.Anyway, since they were closing, they were having massive sales on their books. Everything was 25-50% off and they had shelves of "bargain items" that were $2. Definitely check it out while they're having their closeout sales!
3	Unfortunately Borders is consigned to bite the dust. I am not going to say I knew that this was going to happen but I can say that it is not surprising. Over the last few times I had visited this Borders before they announced their closing I simply could not find anything in this store. To clarify, I could not find anything I was willing to buy. Standard MO visiting this place was - find a nice book, use smartphone barcode app to look up on Amazon, add to Amazon Wishlist to buy later. I think I bought more things from the cafe inside. Anyway, not to drag this out, and due to the fact that this is actually quite a pointless review since they are closing all operations I will say, "Sayonara manga cow hangout!"
