5	Nonna would be proud of Mozza. The food here is casual Italian dining with an influence on good family food in a upbeat and chic decor.Their pizzas are great. Being made in a wood burning stove they have a nice 'rustic' feel to them. If your not sure what to order - go with the Calabrese.I ordered the Caesar salad with veal parmigiana.  The salad was a nice size portion as an app. Great fresh taste and not too heavy on the dressing as you sometimes get with other places. The Veal Parmigiana is excellent. Nicely breaded and accompanied by either your choice of spaghetti Pomodoro or sea-salted Parmigiano fries - again, go with the spaghetti!If after all this you still have room for dessert - then don't bother looking at the menu: Go for the COOKIE MONSTER. This soft chocolate chip cookie  is served to you a la mode in a warm cast iron pan ready to be enjoyed.They also have specials on Wednesday and Thursday nights.  Make sure you check those out!
5	As good as it gets that's exactly the thing to say about this restaurant!!!I came in not knowing exactly what to expect and walked out knowing that I will come back again and again.The food was so good. We were a group of six people and there was not one dish on the table that we didn't enjoy.The deserts are pure heaven.The prices are reasonable and not at all as expensive as I thought they would be. They are five stars all the way in my book!!
3	Went to Mozza with friends and our kids. The atmosphere was nice, lively, and even kid-friendly, but the food was just average. With a very nice decor, I expected (or hoped for) better. I wonder if I'll ever understand restaurants that spend tons of money on decor and advertising but use run-of-the-mill ingredients to make food that's average at best, and this restaurant isn't cheap. An old political expression rings "it's the economy, stupid!" Some restauranteurs apparently need to be reminded "it's the food, stupid!" I would much rather eat at a restaurant with outdated (though clean!) decor but serving excellent food. Bah. Blah.
4	They have a good variety on the menu, from oven wood oven baked pizza's to Osso Bucco.  Try the Mamma meatball slider to start!  Went on a saturday night, it was busy, so i can get noisy.
2	very average food-missunderstanding on order spoke to one person who never came back to me-spoke to our waitress who informed the order was WHAT WAS ORDERED-she dismissed me and walked away no atempt to rectify matter-very noisy-perhaps the students working here need a lesson in customer service and some surpervison
1	I hate to say this but the service is terrible.They made a mistake with our order they offered to get us a side , we said yes.... They charged us for the side ...The waiter also was very obnoxious and dismissive.Will never go there again
5	Excelent pizza!!! Very good in service!!! Beautiful place!!! For me it is the best of Montreal!
3	I'm torn as to what to give this place as a rating. The pizza is ok. But the drinks were good. The chicken was ok. But the drinks were good. The dessert was ok. but the drinks were good....... See where I'm going with this???
