4	Their pad thai was my food addiction during my McGill undergraduate years. The guys working here were all Chinese and found it hysterical that I would show up everyday and ask for the same thing.Here's my order: 1 egg roll to start w/ the dumpling sauce. Chicken pad thai with extra chicken and broccoli added. Replace half the noodles with extra bean sprouts. Then I would add, i'm not kidding, about 10 tablespoons of crushed peanuts and probably a 15 second blast of Sriracha rooster sauce. Mix it all up and enjoy. Tell me that's not the best thing you've had in a long time. Don't forget to use chopsticks.The nutritional content of the description above averaged out to about 2000 calories. Serious pad thai sweats. And all for less than $10. Look out.
3	Thai Express--every McGill ghetto dweller's favourite fast food spot! Now, I love their pad thai. Its 'magically delicious' if not at all authentic (all the staff are Chinese, no Thai guys that's for sure). The staff here know the drill: order, wait, receive your food with a grunt. I always order the chicken pad thai and then load it up--as everyone does--with that delicious 'red rooster' sauce and a mountain of peanuts. Its Asian comfort food at its finest. I went here OFTEN and then, however, I read an article in Globe and Mail that the pad thai here is ridiculously fattening. Like over 1,200 calores fattening. I mean, I guess it makes sense considering the portions are mountainous and the use of what appears to be oil is more than generous but still it ruined it for me. I always thought 'oh Thai express if a healthy fast good option!' but I was WRONG, wrong I tell you. And now I wonder why I gained those freshmen 15 lbs! Ha! The truth is out. So if you want some cheap-ish and delicious Thai food on the go you now know where to go but remember its hella fattening and your ass won't be happy!
3	I never thought that I'd review a fast-food restaurant on Yelp, but this Thai Express really stands out from the other ones. For about 8$ you can get lots of food (they stuff the takeout box very hard) and the taste is alright.Comparing to the one in front of McGill University Roddick Gate, this one is just too good.
4	Yep, the portion just got larger, and the taste is always that good (for a fast food restaurant).It would be even better if they actually open their Sushi Shop menu.
2	I stumbled upon this place while exploring the city. I had two different kinds of rolls (emperors roll and dragon roll) as well as some salmon sushi pieces. Although my meal was made to order, nothing looked or tasted fresh, there was too much pepper, and the soy sauce container was too large (Pre-packaged, diluting the wasabi too much). Lastly, even though I was dining in, the served my meal in a to-go container. Very tacky. I'd recommend going elsewhere for lunch. Don't even think about dinner.
4	I have to say that this Thai Expr has considerably bigger portion than others! But like all other TEs the pad Thai's too greasy...
