5	My family and I have been members of this pool for about 4 years now and it's great. Of the clubs, this one is affordable and clean. Swim lessons and tennis lessons are offered and the option of participating in CSRC's swim team is there too. I have done Tennis here for almost 4 years now and the instructor is terrific and lessons are super cheap for the quality. Awesome club to join if you want a nice atmosphere with kind people without paying tons of money.
4	Went here over 4th of July holiday, so I'll try not to review the thousands of kids there playing games! ha. Definitely a family place. Nice pool area (deep end and shallow) as well as concessions and 7-8 tennis courts, which looked it great shape. There were kids  games and adult activities going on all day and it was very busy. Demographic is definitely family w/kids. My wife and I went there with another couple who are members and they use it for relaxation on non-busy days, which I can see the benefit. You're allowed to bring in coolers, etc.If you've got a little extra to spend and don't mind the days with tons of kids, this is a fun quiet place in the Cotswold neighborhood.
4	Ah to be a friend with benefits...get your mind out of the gutter! What I mean is that some friends, who are members here, invited us to the pool when the weather was oh-so-much-more-delightful.It seems like Charlotte lacks nice public swimming pools, at least close to Center City. Therefore, I was excited to check out Charlotte Swim & Racquet Club. The pool area is all the things you'd want in a swimming opportunity - large, clean and plenty of amenities. Three cheers for the concession bar; not only is it shaded, but it's filled with options! Even though I was there during a holiday weekend, the staff was helpful and even a bit cheery. This was a huge feat considering how many excited children were running about. I didn't spend too much time checking out the courts, but from what I saw they looked very nicely kept. Here's hoping I get another invite to da club come summer!
5	My boyfriend and I are members of CSRC in Cotswold, and it's a wonderful summertime gathering spot with a very large main pool, children's pool fenced-in off to the side, tons of tennis courts and a recently remodeled snack bar with a ton of food/drink options. Open from Memorial Day until Labor Day each summer, the pool also hosts a swim team and has two diving boards for those inclined to show off their sweet tricks with a very captive audience on the weekends. Every hour the lifeguards will blow their whistle for adult swim time, which is my fave 15 minutes in the pool as the kiddies sit on the sideline DYING to get back in the water.  The club also has a small area with ping pong tables, grills, and covered seating for those who want to throw a birthday party or get-together. We've never had a problem getting chairs at the pool, although it definitely gets busier on the weekends, with holiday weekends being packed. This year we plan to take lessons with the tennis pro on-site, and there are a ton of tennis leagues and clinics offered throughout the summer. If you have interest in the club, you'll want to get on the waiting list as it takes a bit of time to get in (we waited a full year before being invited to be members). The people are all very friendly and the atmosphere welcoming and laid back. I highly recommend it.
