1	Thank you Meineke (on serene) for not topping off my windshield wiper fluid.All I wanted was an oil change, and that's about all you'll get at this place.  Of course they were out of the advanced oil that would let me go 5,000 miles before changes.  I also thought it was customary for them to fill up your windshield wiper fluid.  Fat chance.  They also said I need a new air filter, but they didn't have the kind my car needs.  Thanks.  The good news is there's a few places really close (wienerschnitzel/taco bell) to grab some food while you wait.  The bad news is the place is right across the street from Silverado High School, so you have to dodge teenagers if you're there around 2pm.
4	I am not a mechanic, but I thought they did a good job.They were pretty friendly and helpful.They did my bakes on all four wheels even when I went to the shop an hour and half prior to closing.
1	5 months later, my car start to shake when I step on brakes. We took the car to the shop and were told the rotor is warped and needed to be turned and resurfaced. That will cost me about $250 front and back. Wait a minute, I just got done with my brake at your shop not even 6 months and you want to charge me again?? That is bullshit! I had this car for 9 years, and I only had to change the brakes only once, which was 6 months ago with you guys, and I have problems with them again in 5 months. Something smells here.And you said only the brake pads are under warranty?? Labor not included?? Another bullshit!
4	Over the past two years I've had my car into Meineke's twice.  Once for brakes another for shocks.  On both occasions only the work that was needed was done.  They didn't try to sell me work that didn't need done.  I found the workers to be professional.
1	If I were able, I would give them zero stars. Below is my experience with this shop, and their other location at 1860 East Serene.On Friday 3/23, I took my car to Meineke (1860 E Serene Ave, Las Vegas, NV (702) 740-0558, owned as a Franchise by Frank Lee) to have my brakes looked at. There was some squeaking when I was braking, so I figured I'd get them checked out just to be safe.  The techs at Meineke took all 4 wheels off of 2005 VW Jetta GLI, told me that there was no safety issues with the brakes and proceeded to put the wheels back on. The desk guy on duty informed me that on the driver side wheel, three of the studs were not going in smoothly and that I needed to have it looked at by the people I purchased the wheel from.  Now, prior to Meineke touching the wheels, the only other shop to have touched them was Discount Tire where I purchased the wheels from. They torqued the wheels to specification and had no issue with any cross threading or stripping.  I left Meineke and went directly to Discount Tire to have them take a look. They had issues removing three of the studs with their pneumatic gun, as the studs spun a bit showing that they were stripped. They informed me that they thought there might be damage to the actual hub the studs screwed into as there were a lot of metal shavings on the studs when they came out. They put in writing that they were the ones that sold me the wheels, had originally torqued them with no issues, and that any damage to the hub or studs would have been caused by someone not lining the studs up correctly, and just running them in with a pneumatic gun (causing them to cross thread). Discount Tire sent me down the road to Brake Masters to get them to look at the hub and offer another opinion.Brake Masters took the wheel off, said the hub was completely stripped and needed to be replaced. They estimated the job at $560 plus tax and shop fees. They put in writing that the hub was stripped out, that damage caused would have been from someone not lining the studs up correctly and running them in with a pneumatic gun (causing cross threading), and that as per my request they were putting the wheel back on, sealing four of the lugs with lock tight to hold them, and that the fifth lug would not even hold.I called Meineke, got the run around from the guy working the desk, and was told to try back Monday for the general manager or the owner.  Come Monday, I call back and I am directed to another Meineke location to speak to the owner, Frank Lee. Mr. Lee said he needed to look at the car, and was confused as to my claim that his shop had damaged my vehicle. I promptly brought my car down for him to inspect. He did not put my car on a lift, he did not remove my wheel, and he did not inspect the hub. Instead, he used a pneumatic gun to remove on stud at a time, "testing them out in each hole" as he put it, to see if there were any issues. He told me that there was no damage to my car, that with these types of studs and hubs, it is impossible to damage the hub, and that the studs always go out in a little rough.  Seeing as this was exactly opposite of what two other shops had told me, I left and went straight to the VW dealership in Henderson.Volkswagen immediately took my car into the shop, had me come in and watch them remove the wheel. Three of the studs just spun before coming out, were coated in metal shavings, and actually took a chunk out of the thread from the hub. They examined the hub and told me it along with the bearing needed be replaced. They stated it was because the hub and bearing is a sealed unit and when you replace one, you replace the other. I was told the car was unsafe to drive, as each stud only had two to three threads holding it in, and that the wheel could come off at any time.  Estimate on the job was $650 plus tax, and I had them order the parts.Immediately I call Mr. Lee back and informed him of what was going on. He said he didn't understand how that could happen, so I put him on the phone with the shop foreman from Volkswagen.  The foremen explained everything in detail to Mr. Lee, handed the phone back to me, and went back to work.  I offered to pick Mr. Lee up in my rental car and drive him to VW to inspect the parts himself, but he said there was no need. He said that VW was just offering their opinion on the replacement, that it's virtually impossible to damage the hub, and that he was in no way liable for any damages caused when they removed my wheel to check my breaks. He told me that the techs and foreman at VW did not know what they were talking about when they said that the damage would have been caused by putting the studs back in incorrectly, that he knew what he was saying when he stated an damages would have been caused by removing the studs and that with these studs it damages them any time they are put on or taken off, and that he would do nothing for me to help cover the near $700 in costs after visiting his shop.
5	my militarys on took his car into this meineke shop because of his breaks squeaking.  The called him son after to let him know his breaks were fine and no repairs were needed.  Nice job fellas
4	It's tough sometimes to not know what is actually wrong with your vehicle, but I felt safe at Meineke. Sure, they did their best to upsell me on other products, but gave me a fair deal with excellent customer service.
4	I've been taking my car here for the last couple of years.  I find that they are very honest and up front with you.  On a couple of occasions when I think I needed a diagnostic and they would say no we know it is this and you don't need a diagnostic, saving me the money.  If you take your car for 4 oil changes your 5th one if free and they keep track of it for you!
5	Under new management for the past four months. I took my Jeep and Lexus here the past two days. They did a free brake inspection and then told me exactly how much it would be to fix what need to be done. Oddly enough my brakes were good in both cars, just need my discs to be replaced in the jeep which ended up being cheaper then putting on brakes. I'm a happy camper!
4	Came in here to have a oil change done since my complex doesnt look too kindly on working on your own car.I brought in my own fluids and filter and just had them do the labor. It was a car I just picked up and they did a decently thorough look through of my car.Also found out i needed to replace my hi pressure power steering hose. Prices can be a bit steep depending on what you need done, but after I gave them my email address they already started sending me coupons.I also came back here to replace my fuel filter and I brought in my own part. Couldn't have gone smoother.I will most likely be back for a oil change again when time is up. I also talked to one of the workers and they said that they can accommodate lowered cars.
5	Justin was so great! Supper knowledgeable and does not push /try to tell you your car needs any extra work!They did FREE oil chabges for all vets on veterans day:)! Both me &my bf came in. His check engine light was on &they figured out that it was just because he didn't scew on the gas cap after gassing up hard enough so that was good bewa. I got an oil change there for a good price and they changed out my oil plug which was apparently the wrong one put on @a crappier place(i only paid $5for the new one), but its a good thing they did b4 it caused any damage:)Great place, good service,  pleasant experience! :)
5	Being a single female I get a little intimidated taking my car in for maintenance but these guys made it so easy and comfortable. I was not pushed to purchase anything and what I did need was explained to me in "girl" terms. Very satisfied.
1	Won't go to this shop again in my life. Customer service thumb downI have to give 1 star. I really want to give them 0 star
1	DO NOT EVER TAKE YOUR CAR HERE!!!I went into this location after being told over the phone that they had a brake special of 50% off services. That was a lie.I take my car in the next day and as I was waiting, I overheard a customer telling the men at the front desk her brand new brakes she just purchased and had installed at this Meineke were grinding and making an awful noise. (I should have left then, considering I too needed brake service). I made the mistake of staying.My car is looked at by one of the "mechanics"who calls my boyfriend and I outside to tell us the quote, I see a quote for $997. How brakes and one rotor costs nearly $1000 is beyond me. But the quote wasn't the worst part. After I clearly disagree with the charges and opt to take my vehicle somewhere else, the man proceeds to tell me, he will not allow me to drive my vehicle away due to the condition of my brakes, and I would have to tow my car off their shop. They claim it's the law. However when I sign a waiver I assume all responsibility of my car and I also make it clear I am aware of the supposed danger of my vehicle. Meienke was not abiding by law they were trying to waste my time, after I disagreed with their bogus charges. Obviously they use this tactic as a way to get fools to just stay and have the services done there. I didn't and as soon as I said I still did not want brake services done there, the nice guy act went out the window. They were very rude and  condescending to me as I waited for the tow truck to arrive.I would never bring my car here again. These are not true mechanics. They are just a bunch of men who take advantage of unsuspecting people by charging them more money than their services will ever be worth. Do yourself a favor and never visit this or any other Meineke store. Terrible service, and a terrible experience is all you will get when coming here, trust me.
5	Eric was so helpful to me!  I was so mentally and emotionally broke down by being taken advantage of at a other location... and he really made things better when all odds were against him.   I will ONLY see him now
1	Used the oil change coupon from Meineke on Serene which had the price of $12.95 plus tax.  Not only was the ad misleading, but also very dishonest!  What the ad did not also say was the additional charge of $5.00 which they told me was for shop supplies!  Talk about dishonest surcharges, I have never had any auto shop add on any type of surcharge for shop supplies.  I was a repeat customer of Meineke, but that ended yesterday because of their dishonest add which amounted to a bait and switch.   Make sure you look over your bill before agreeing to their services.
1	Really wasn't at all happy about the appointment.  I had a coupon for the preferred oil change which was supposed to include oil filter, inspection, tire pressure check, rotate tires, top off fluids, balance check all tires and 4 months free road side assistance.  They got started about 30 minutes after scheduled appointment, ok, I get it, no problem.  Before the car was raised they had taken out the cabin air filter, took 2 minutes maybe.  They later came in and showed my the filter was dirty and they would replace it for $94.  The filter is about $15 and I know that it took a couple of minutes to install.  Heck they had to put my old one back in so they were going to charge me $70+ for a couple of minutes work.  I saw the oil change and the topping off of the fluids but they backed it out of the garage without doing anything with the tires.  I told them that my tires weren't rotated and he told me that they didn't need to be.  ???  Um, how was that determined?  Oh, we inspected the tires.  I know that it was time for them to be rotated, it gets taken care of regularly. I get an alert from the place I bought them and I had gotten the email but I was pressed for time and needed oil and tire rotation before a weekend trip so I thought I would kill two birds so to speak.  So pretty sure the tires were not rotated correctly when they pulled my car back in and I am positive they did not get the balance check.  My fault, plan ahead and take it the dealer for oil and my tire place for the rotation, it will get done right.  Oh, never got any info on the road side either. Seeing some of the other comments it seems if you are a women you will get good service.
1	Worst mechanical experience!  Not even worthy of 1 star! Way over priced (their oil was more than what my car manufacturer charges),  not very personable, terrible customer service, AND THEY DAMAGED MY BUMPER IN 2 DIFFERENT LOCATIONS DURING ALIGNMENT!  I'm calling corporate about this and will NEVER come here again!
5	Took my car to meineke for a brake job. Not only did they have excellent service, my car came back to me with much noted care. Will definitely recommend my friends and family here! Ask for Son and he will take good care of you.
1	Poor customer service! Misspelled both names and address! Only reason picked this place is a $12.95 oil change coupon. Will NOT return for ANY service!!
5	Excellent service on getting my fluids and air checked . Like to say thanks to the bald tech , very friendly and he didn't keep me waiting. -robin-
