5	This is my third year attending Scarowinds and it gets better every year!  I absolutely love Scarowinds because it combines some of my favorite thrills in one night, roller coasters and haunted houses/Halloween festivities!  The gates open at 7pm for Scarowinds and the park closes at midnight.  Only the bigger coasters and certain carnival-type rides are open, but honestly that's all you really need in the ride department (I'm satisfied with just riding the Intimidator).  The whole place is transformed into a Halloween themed park with creepy music playing and fog rolling through the walkways.  They also have plenty of scary costumed people wandering around the park just waiting to scare the crap out of you!  Don't worry though, they usually tend to prey on the groups of pre-teen/teenagers.  There are several haunted houses set up throughout the park, all with different themes and most of them are really good.  And of course one or two of the haunted houses will have the obligatory scary dude chasing you out the door with a fake chainsaw.  The park gets pretty crowded so it's not a bad idea to arrive a little early.  Getting out of the parking lot at the end of the night can be horrendous so it's not a bad idea to leave early too.  You might even want to watch for the sneak route out of the parking lot on your way in because it's been useful when the line of cars leaving the parking lot is backed up for over an hour.  If you love scary movies and you're big into Halloween, Scarowinds is a must!
1	This was the worst amusement park experience I've ever had. Prior to last night, I hadn't visited this amusement park since 2008. The highlight of the evening was definitely the "Intimidator" roller coaster. If you can tolerate listening to country music for over an hour, this ride is definitely worth the wait. Once, we arrived at about 8:30pm, we paid 16 dollars for parking. There was traffic backed up for 2 miles off the interstate to get into "Scarowinds". Once we paid and made our way through the parking lot, we saw two parking attendants not doing much of anything. I think one guy had just lost his best friend and the other guy thought his was too good-looking to do anything other than pose. You would think with this mass quantity of cars coming in and paying 16 dollars to park, there would be more than two visible parking attendants, or at least one actually directing us on where to go. About 15 minutes later, we managed to find ourselves a place to park on row 43. We waited in line 15 minutes to pay 43.00 dollars for our ticket. After paying for our ticket we proceeded to another line to go through a metal detector and have our tickets scanned. Once we got to the front of the line, the line was abruptly closed, so we went to the end of another line. After about another 15 minutes, the line that closed did reopen, and we were able to make it through fairly quickly. After an encounter with a zombie that brought my girlfriend's daughter to tears, we managed to find our way through the fake fog to the "Intimidator". We downloaded the "Carowinds" app to help us find our way through the park. Unfortunately, the app didn't work in the park, despite downloading it on two different phones. We waited in line about 10 minutes before a group of people tried to cut in line in front of us. There was no security or anyone around enforcing any sort of rules. So, I called them out on it and luckily the others around us called them out on it, as well. Getting back to the "Intimidator", as I mentioned earlier, this was definitely the highlight of the night. The rows of seats were scattered apart in a way that gives everyone a front row view. I was a little concerned about the lack of shoulder harness. Even after we went barreling down the first drop I was coming out of my seat against the lap restraint. This hasn't bothered me in the past on roller coasters that don't invert, since they weren't as high and as fast as this roller coaster was. Hopefully, that was part of the thrill, and doesn't ever become an actual safety issue. After exiting the "Intimidator", another intimidator managed to jump out behind a garbage can as I was passing by. I just looked at him, grinned, and attempted to walk past him. He abruptly put his arm out in front me in an attempt to keep me from passing by. I ran into his arm before trying to move it out of the way. He told me I could get thrown out of the park for touching him. I wouldn't have touched him had he not placed in arm in front of my body as I was trying to get around him. At this point, I couldn't believe I paid 43 dollars to get into this park. Instead of paying a young man to harass a grown woman, why not employ some more parking attendants or security within the park?We attempted to find "Boo Blasters" and came across "The Blood Drums", which sort of reminded me of tribal drummers banging on garbage cans. To their credit, they worked pretty well with the tools they were given. We enjoyed a few moments of their talent and continued on our journey to find "Boo Blasters". By the time we made our way to "Boo Blasters", it was 12:30, so we just decided to call it a night. To sum it up, we rode one ride, watched a bit of a show, saw a handful of decent characters, stood in line a lot, and I got harassed by a young man trying to be an actor. I can't recommend this event. I'm not sure how crowded "Scarowinds" is on other nights, but for the money paid, the quality of entertainment just isn't there.
4	Scarowinds was awesome! Proof of this fact: this was my THIRD time coming!Many complain that the scary components have been dulled down a bit for family-friendly purposes, but honestly, it all depends on who you go with. Luckily for me, I went with an eclectic group - ranging from teenage all the way to late 20's - and we had a blast! We enjoyed the Murder Inn in particular, and the girls in our group made screaming a 100% guarantee. We capped off our experience with riding the Intimidator, and then quickly squeezing in back-to-back haunted houses as the park was closing. It was an excellent time, and was followed by a good ole-fashioned Cookout run. Will be back next year!!!
4	Scarrowinds is a really fun time if you...1) Aren't easily annoyed with teenagers...doing teenagerish things. 2) Bring your wallet.3) Enjoy a rollercoasters, thrills, screams, etc.Therefore, I really had a great time. I've gone in the past and we actually went twice this year due to getting completely rained-out the first time. While Scarowinds does not offer rain refunds, they did issue us new tickets for a new day when I pressed them a bit. There are a lot of things that many people do not enjoy...for example, they have fog machines making it difficult to see at times, there will be ghosts and ghouls following you in the park and at times screaming in your ear. Almost all of the mazes feature strobe lights and other effects that not everyone will like. However, it's all part of the fun!  It really is spooky and they do a great job creating scares for the 13+ crowd. I would skip the indoor show though- it isn't good. One of the best parts of Scarowinds is that people are distracted by mazes so the rides are noticeably less crowded...which means almost no wait to ride your favorite rollercoaster! We were able to get them all in, in about three hours and even rode the Intimidator twice. If you arrive at opening, wait to ride the Intimidator until later in the evening as people tend to run right to that one first since it's new. Also, good to know is that Friday is the least crowded day to go. The worst part is that it is pretty expensive. If you go early in the season you can nab tickets for $26 which is a steal...but they start creeping up to $40 as Halloween approaches. Couple the pricey tickets with an outrageous $15 parking fee and $8 for a freaking funnel cake and it can be one expensive night. My recommendation is to eat at a nearby restaurant or at home before you come. Overall it's not everyone's cup of tea, but I thought it was a great time.
5	I love Scarowinds it's one of the things I look forward to every year during the Halloween season.  I'm far from a teenager but I feel like one when I come here.  If you wait too close to Halloween the lines for rides and haunted attractions are very long so plan ahead and come early.  I think they do an excellent job and I overlook the teenagers because I was one once.  I think I'm ready to purchase a seasons pass just so I can enjoy Scarowinds more than once because it's nearly impossible to see and ride everything in one night unless you purchase the speed pass which allows you to walk up front for any ride or haunted attraction which is pretty cool but it's also $30 more for that pass.  I can't wait for next year!!!!
1	I have been a season pass holder for the past 33 years.  This year Scarowinds was, by far, the WORST experience I've ever had a Carowinds, EVER.  I checked online and called the park to make certain toddlers were welcome for Scarowinds, and was told repeatedly that they are.  My grandson turned 3 last week.  When we got to the gate at 7:15, after waiting in line for 90 minutes to get in, they asked his age and I told them he turned 3 years old three days ago.  They promptly sent us back to pay for him to get in, which we did.  After we entered the park, with all its magical, scary, FUN characters, my grandson was thrilled with the scary-ness of it all.  He ran up to several characters and they were mostly kind to him.  However, we had multiple people in costume SCREAM IN MY FACE AND HIS that "kids ain't welcome here".  They seemed pretty welcome when staff was collecting my money for his entry.  In my telephone calls and chats with several gate attendants and the person who sold us the ticket for him, not a single one said children weren't welcome, nor did they say Snoopyland was closed.As we walked around the park we noticed that the largest number of preteens and teens were there unaccompanied by any adults at all.  The park had way more guests in it than I've seen in all the years I've spent there.  There were no visible security guards, no supervision, no nothing.  It was like 10,000 out of control, ill mannered prosti-tots and their prepubescent thug boyfriends had descended on a family park.  There was no toilet paper in four of the six restrooms we visited.  None of the vendors had lids for paper cups so we opted for plastic cups.  After being forced to buy the Peanuts cups - because we could not find a vendor with the regular refillable purple plastic cups - all the cups had holes in the plastic.  The vendor we were at tried to refuse a refund, then wanted to give me cash refund rather than putting it back onto the credit card I paid with.We watched multiple teens, very obviously under age, buying beer on tap.  Again, no security, no oversight and no parents in sight.As we left the park at 10:15 we could see traffic was slow exiting the park.  We waited THREE HOURS AND THIRTY FOUR MINUTES to get out of the park.  It took two and a half hours for them to get two security personnel out there to direct traffic.  While waiting to exit we watched not, one, not two, not three, not for, but FIVE violent fist fights break out, with security watching and doing NOTHING.  The security people weren't weren't directing traffic, weren't breaking up fights, they were out there trying to chat up underage girls.  Grown men.  That work for Carowinds.I realize they are going through growth and that they are a minimum wage, seasonal employer.  However, what went on there last night was a safety concern and there were some serious laws being broken.Sadly, the six to ten season tickets I've purchased every single year for 33 years will not be purchased next year.  Nor will we visit the park again next year, and probably never again.  When I feel the need to take my gun out of the trunk and lay it on the seat beside me because of the violence and chaos, it's time for me and my family to find other entertainment.
4	Loved every bit of it. They did a good job with opening act. Had some people dressed in most awesome costumes and masks. Makeup was  perfect. Nice display of haunted places all around the park. Loved strawberry funnel cake and turkey leg. The only downside is long lines for rides. It pays off to get fast lane tickets that way u do not have to wait in line
1	Was not that scary! Lines are out of control. Go during the day and skip paying high price for scarowinds and waiting in lines.Mazes not scary and hard to find themWill not go back to scarowinds and will tell people to just go to carowindsPaid 285.00$ for six people and they got in 2 rides????? That's is awful.... And a few people scared us as we walked....
