1	This is my third time of visiting Mark and Anthony Salon, and the vague sense of dissatisfaction I'd gotten on previous visits was only highlighted on this 5 hour visit. I have a weave install of Bohyme Brazilian Wave. I had worn it for five weeks curly and wavy, and I wanted to try the straight look. I arrived right before 1pm last Friday. As soon as I sat down, I told my stylist, Char, that she needed to detangle, twist into four, and then shampoo in sections, twisting each section as soon as it's done because it tangles otherwise. The first process of detangling went okay. But then Char promptly ignored my direction to wash in sections and then tossed me in the dryer for 25 minutes for "conditioning" with my hair all in one messy ball. Of course it came out even more tangled. At this point, she had to detangle it again. Pro: she enlisted the help of the shampoo girl. Con: they both proceeded to tell me that my high quality hair could not be 100% human hair, and was I sure, and was it cheap hair, because it should not need such care. I had been specific about the care needed, the direction had been ignored, and now the quality of the hair was being called into question. After detangling, Char had me sit aside for 20 minutes because her 3pm appointment needed attention. I said nothing. Eventually the shampoo girl came, twisted the hair as I had previously instructed, and then put me in the drier for the conrrows to dry. The subsequent blow dry and flat ironing went okay, with Char stopping to tack down two small corners where the weave was coming off while grudginly admitting that the hair looked really good and was actually quality. She suggested a trim. I agreed. I finally was ready to go home at 6.30pm. I was exhausted, and a 2.5 hour job had been unnecessarily prolonged and my time wasted because instructions were ignored; and my hair had been insulted. Insult turned into injury when I was presented with the bill $95 for a wash and flat iron. The breakdown was: $60 for shampoo set $15 for trim$10 for press/curl (Why is this diff from shampoo set?)$10 for weave (sewing down has always been part of weave maintenance, and she literally did 3 minutes of sewing total). I was irritated, but decided not to argue. I tipped 26% to show it's not about the money, but I will NOT be going back to Mark and Anthony Hair Salon. I'm much better driving out somewhere not so convenient where they'll listen to instructions and not extort money from the customer to make up for time that they caused to be wasted in the first place.
4	I went to this salon back in March; Anthony gave me beautiful highlights in my natural hair! I was really impressed. The price was little more than I was expecting, but I would have paid 2x the amount to ensure it was done correctly! :-)
5	This was my first time visiting the Mark Anthony salon. I was extremely nervous, because I wanted to dye my jet black hair, platinum blonde. It takes a special set of skills to lift such a dark color, to another extreme. I scheduled my appointment w/ the stylist Anthony, I told him what I wanted, he told me that he believed he could lift the color in one session, and that it would not be a problem. Anthony was very calm and patient. He walked me through what chemicals he would be using and why, explained the various stages of coloring from jet black to platinum. The entire session took about almost 4 hours. I sat with bleach on my hair for a little over 2 hours. I just KNEW my hair would fall out, but, it didn't. The color came out PERFECT!!! There was no hint of yellow/orange... it was completely white/platinum! I was amazed and completely in love! Anthony is a genius! The price was more than reasonable. I was afraid, with all of the chemicals, and for how long the treatment took, that the price would be astronomical, but, it was only $60. When I go for my touch-up, I will definitely be rescheduling with Anthony! The guy is a genius!
1	DO NOT GO THERE. I lost 6 inches of my hair because of this place!! I went there for the first time and had my hair done with Tee. I asked for an ombre with darker roots (my hair is dark brown) and I already had highlights on. I spent 4 hours there and my hair came out ORANGE with red roots! I looked absolutely awful and it wasn't anything close to what I asked for. I went back an hour later and asked them to fix my hair. Spent more 4 hours at the salon and left looking even worse. My hair started to fall out while I was at the salon and they did absolutely nothing! I left there with my hair falling out and looking absolutely terrible. They literally cooked my hair, and I lost 6 inches of it! I went to a different place on the next day and all the hairstylists were terrified with what happened to my hair and said they had never seen worse job in their lives. It was all damaged and the color was so ugly. I had 6 inches of my hair cut off and I used to have really long, pretty hair. Now my hair is half of its old length because of Mark and Anthony Salon. Not only that, but when I called they said it would cost $60, I ended up paying $150! I asked for a refund and they gave it to me right away, but they can never give me my hair back or all the money I had to spend at the new salon and with all the products I have to use it now to fix what they did. It's going to take about an year for my hair to grow out and not to be damaged anymore. I've never regretted something as much as going to that place. By any means, do not go there if you care about your hair. Don't make the same mistake I did.
