5	I have never seen so many Porsches, Bentleys, Ferraris, and Lamborghinis all together in one spot in my entire life. It's like I rolled up onto the set of "Gone In 60 Seconds" or something.Okay, cars aside it's a quaint exclusive country club. Let's see. Here, I can play golf (HAH! Believe me, I don't), swim in the sea salt water pool (I know right?), get facials and massages, work out at their gym, eat bacon (it's how I get my guns) all dam day and night in the fabulous dining room, get nice and liquored up on stiff drinks.. But alas, I live in normal people land. You know, the place where people go to school and work rather than getting their asses pampered and practically wiped for them. I'm also not aged 50+ years and Caucasian so I don't know how long I could've taken it. I missed my hole in the wall ethnic foods back in SF. Don't get me wrong, I like to be pampered though..
5	I was a golf member at Desert Mountain from 1993-2004. After belonging to such a large club I decided that I wanted to belong to golf club that had a more intimate country club feel. I heard about Mirabel so I arranged to play a round of golf and tour the facilities. I was so impressed that I joined Mirabel right away in May of 2004 and I have never looked back. The course is awesome, the facilities are great and the staff are super. All the members that I know are real nice and a lot of fun to be around. I love being a golf member at Mirabel!
5	When Sally and I began our search for a home in Arizona, we rented a home in Paradise Valley and began our search there. With a realtor in tow...or with our Zillow phone apps....we "checked out" virtually every community and almost every block in PV....then expanded the search to "nice" communities in nearby Scottsdale and nearby Phoenix. Nothing quite clicked. Close....but not what we were looking for.Then we got a dinner invite from friends to visit Mirabel. "Clicked" does not do justice for how we felt about that visit. We fell head over heals in love with the Mirabel community, the home we ended up buying (with help from Bob and Tim), the Club and the Club's membership. Everything felt shockingly right.After almost a year here, we realize now one of the key contributors to the magic we felt. And we see that magic everyday here: It's "The Wave." Driving in cars, carts, walking, jogging, staff, guests, members.... everyone within these gates...smiles and waves as you go by each other. Instantly, you know you are in YOUR neighborhood....and you're home....Gotta love The Wave...
4	A little more of the swank than I am used to and not exactly meant for the low budget crowd, but the few times I was treated to lunch or other activities here, it was very enjoyable in every detail that I experienced.
5	Mirabel is absolutely five star all the way.  They have a fantastic golf facility.  Not only is the clubhouse and golf course top notch, it's the people that work there that create an experience you won't find anywhere else in the area.  The golf pro, David Engram, is one of the nicest and most knowledgeable guys you'll find in this business.  He and his staff are always friendly and make you feel like you're someone special.
4	Beautiful place!  Worth visiting if not living there.
