5	If you're a hiker you'll love how convenient this park is.  The trails are in great condition and the views are spectacular.  My favorite is Siphon Draw including the trek up to the Flatiron.  The ranger at the station felt bad for my puggle, saying that it was a tough hike for the animal, but I beg to differ, my little "animal" pulled me up the mountain.  I recommend this park for families, dogs, and all types of hikers.  Also, make sure you bring your camera and start out early morning before sunrise to get great views.  Also, the park arranges a moonlight hike during a week of a fullmoon...I highly recommend this because the desert is so mysterious at night.  It has to do with the shadows from the moonlight I think.
5	I've spent many days hiking the trails of this state park, all of them in fact, and have found wonder in amazement in all of them. There are amazing views on all of the trails and the hardest trail, Siphon Draw is not all that difficult if you can take a steady incline and climbing over a few boulders towards the end. It's a great place to hike with pets, although I wish everyone would leash their dogs, mainly so other dogs (namely mine) don't start getting crazy excited when they see another dog running towards them. It can get crowded during the cooler months, especially on weekends. I've found the best times to go are on weekdays, early to late morning, in the less hot times of year. There's very few people on the trails and if you take a less traveled trail, like one of the easier ones, you're very likely to not see another person on your hike. If you can find an early summer morning after a monsoon when the temperature is in the 70's, you'll find virtually no one on your hike as well. Plus it's a nice temporary escape from the heat. The park is $5 per car or $2 if you walk or bike in. If you come often, you can buy a year-pass for about $65 (I think?). It's good for all the state parks, including Katchner Caverns and the Boyce Thompson Arboretum (The arboretum can get VERY pricey per person. One year we had 4 people go and we were all covered under the pass. It paid for itself just that one time!) I recommend the pass if you plan on going to any of the state parks at least a few times during the year. It'll pay for itself.
4	Easy to reach via the 202, great hiking and not too difficult BUT some of the downhills on the well-traveled trails get slick with loose gravel. If you're wearing a child in a backpack, you may need a hand down in  a couple of spots. Wonderful views, very quiet, my kids always have a great time here. We take out-ot-town guests here for the panoramic views. Check out the Goldfield Mining Town (right down the street) after your hike for ice cream!
5	What a gorgeous place for hiking! The trails here are well-marked, well-maintained, and varied enough for different hikers with varying capabilities and degrees of stamina. The rock formations and vistas are amazing, and along the trails there are a number of benches where you can sit and rest while taking in the view. On a clear day, (such as today when my friend and I did the hike), you are treated to a spectacular view of other mountains in the Valley, and even the skyline of Phoenix is visible in the distance. And if you're up for a more challenging hike, you can proceed to the Siphon Draw area and even the Flatiron area beyond that; just be sure that you bring plenty of water, as these are really long hikes.
5	Great variety of trails! Nothing too difficult so bring the kids and grandma too! Your pace will dictate how challenging each trail is, so have fun! Bring enough food and drink cuz it can turn into an all day trip if you want. Lots of good scenery so bring a good camera too!
5	This state park is fantastic. The views are great, the staff is great, the cost per night is great. I have not a single complaint. We stayed a few nights on site 19. We awoke every morning to more quail than you could ever possibly count. Our daughter was in heaven watching them run around. One of the nights we heard some coyotes coming through the sites which was pretty cool. This is very close to our home so we will be staying many more times to come. If you are close you should really come and check it out!
5	Awesome place to hike, spend a day, and camp out. The views and scenery really is spectacular and it's far enough away from the city so you can feel out in nature (but not too far if you need to grab a bite to eat or more firewood). The park offers a nice variety of trails from easy to moderate to difficult. I will happily be bringing friends and family here.My boyfriend I did the Siphon Draw and attempted getting to Flatiron (didn't quite make it). The trail really is unmarked as you get close to Flatiron and is very rocky. Many people were on their hands, knees, butts (me included) and I saw at least a few experienced looking people with gloves on to protect their hands. It's a lot of fun and I recommend going as far as you feel comfortable. We passed a lady hugging the rock face for her life and stuck because she was afraid of heights (try not to put yourself in that position!).We've also camped here and that was fantastic! You get a glorious view of the mountains with every camp spot and there are bathrooms & showers available. The spots are close to each other so it's not "remote" camping, but still very wonderful.
5	How do you rate nature?   Or describe it in words?  One of the most stunning backdrops for a hike I have ever seen.   Not terribly hard (in the winter, 65 degrees F)  for the walk around the bottom of the north  peaks for about 90 minutes.  There are a good number of trails that would take many days to explore.    Things change as the day progresses and the peaks emerge from the shadows.  Brilliant!
5	I highly recommend this hike to anyone in the Phoenix, AZ area. My bf and his parents all joined me on this hike. We had beautiful views of the Superstition Mountains. There were cactus plants everywhere. We decided to start the hike a little later, so we can watch the sunset. The sunset definitely had a great contrast with the mountains.
5	The best trail so far!!! A challenge and nice view!!!!
5	The Superstition Mountains are a great way to get out of the city and enjoy Arizona. Lots of saguaro on ocotillo, with all kinds of trails for all kinds of hikers. A must see when you're in Phoenix!
4	This place is very beautiful, and full of scenery.There are pretty much two main trails to choose from. The easiest being Treasure Loop Trail (given its name loops you back to your parking lot), and the more challenging Siphon Draw Trail, which leads you all the way up the mountain. The park has a number of parking lots, equipped with rest rooms and water fountains. Per vehicle it is $7 to enter the park, but you can stay all day. In fact, if I read the regulations sign correctly, you can even camp there over night :-)
5	I had an extra day on a trip to Phoenix and knew I didn't want to spend it inside the hotel watching television, but didn't want to just drive around.  I found this great park and made the short-ish drive.  It is WORTH the price of admission ($7).  I did the little trail by the Ranger station, where local plants are marked and explained -- nice little education piece!  The volunteers at the station were great.I did NOT do Flat Iron -- in fact, I know my limitations and stopped once inside the Siphon Draw; what amazing views inside that place and back down to the valley below.When I come back, I will make sure to be better prepared (Camelback and snacks) and get out there earlier so I can go further and maybe do another of the trails as well.  Most everyone on the trail at least nodded or smiled as I passed -- perhaps my grimace as I was climbing up was a bit put-offish?  Anyway, great place and I will be back ... oh, and for the 20-something super-fit couple RUNNING down the mountain ... wow, just wow ... impressive!
5	Great First Day Hike for 2013!  Usually run/hike Camelback, McDowell, and Piestewa which are moderate to difficult but this trail is short, easy and beautiful.
3	We stayed in our small RV in the Lost Dutch camp ground. Facilities were great, host and ground crew were great. Clean showers and rest rooms. Great hikes as previously described.  The big down fall was the couple checking in the campers. I did not want to hear their opinions on *!#*+*# Obama and how he is taking the country down the drain. I especially did not wart to hear their conservation with a camper from Canada stating how that N_____ President is destroying the country. The Canadian with that kind of opinion can go back north and stay out of our country. As far as the couple checking in the campers, you should keep your politics to yourself. While working there you are representing the state of Arizona and should not be spreading political crap - respect the office if not the man. Too bad I had to listen to the hateful diatribe when just trying to have a relaxing time in Arizona.  I would have given it zero stars but everything else was great.
5	The best first date I've ever been on - a moonlight hike around Lost Dutchman Park.  I've never hiked this area because I hike alone and Lost Dutchman always gives me an eerie feeling when I'm close by.  I think that eerie feeling combined with the fact that it was dark and we were only led by the light of the full moon gave the date much more excitement.    We took the Siphon Draw to the Green Boulder Trail and it was very long, maybe two miles and not difficult.  The weather was perfect and the moon reflecting off the jagged peaks and saguaros looked stunning, very romantic.  The smell of the desert and its sounds - they seemed to be present more so at night.  I've been on hikes at night before but nothing like this, I don't know if it was because I was in good company and he was so knowledgeable and respectful of nature that it heightened my senses or what but it was such a wonderful and unique adventure.Fellas, if your lady likes to hike, take her here.  This sweet man said he had to wait longer than he would have liked to ask me out because he wanted there to be a full moon for our perfect first date.
4	A hike that was nice and easy... stay on the trail, people have been getting lost out here while wandering off the trail.
5	Based on the hiking trail alone, this place is just great! I will go back there.
5	I love hiking the Flat Iron and even getting to the summit of Superstition Mountain, but man is it a tough hike! I've done it four or five times now (at least once a year), and every time, I wind up sore for three days. Nonetheless, the view of the valley is so breathtaking from up there, and the hike is a lot of fun. After getting past the boring bit in the beginning, the rest requires a good amount of upper body work. Still, it's a great adventure and I love it!
4	While nice and warm in October, my camping buddy and I made the decision to give winter camping a try. We figured by staying close to home, it wouldn't be too cold. I am here to say it is darn cold overnight during this time of year. Good thing we dressed for it.We really enjoyed our weekend here. We didn't try any of the trails (hopefully next time) but did walk around the campground. The place is pretty big and we were one of the few tent campers. And that's why I didn't give the place 5 stars. If you have more than one tent, it could be a challenge finding a site to hold them. The sites are quite rocky as well but that would be expected with this terrain. Fortunately we were able to scope out sites on our walks and know which ones we need to book.The park was very nice and the bathrooms (free showers!) were kept clean. We also were able to buy additional wood from the campground host. Though you aren't that far from the "big city", we felt like we were a lot farther from home than 40 minutes. We enjoyed the park so much that we have 2 additional reservations before it gets too hot to enjoy. And we will definitely be adding more winter camping to our list thanks to this park.
5	In a state where the memory of one hike gets lost in another, with its endlessly-similar vistas of cacti, red rock, and sand ...much like the female lookalike contestants on "The Bachelor" ...the Lost Dutchman State Park really stands out.Go during the spring time and you'll be rewarded with a majestic view of Mount Superstition in the background with carpets red and yellow wildflowers as its welcome mat.  Be lucky enough to snag a campsite during the (extremely) busy season and say "hello" to your camping neighbors -  Peggy and Bob from Wichita Falls, KS with their snappy Casita, or Joe and Karen from Boise, Idaho, with their 1980s camper, detailed in brown and orange.  Just know that nobody...NOBODY...in these parts camp with a tent and poles - that's tres gauche, baby.  It's RVs, the occasional ATV, and electric generators all the way, baby.  There are about 70 campsites, which are pretty well maintained.  When we arrived the campsite had been cleaned and carefully raked in a hypnotic pattern, like a Japanese rock garden.  Even the most basic ones have a firepit, picnic table, and a great view of Mount Superstition.  Unfortunately -  the way that the sites are so close together and positioned, and the tendency for camping neighbors to make the rounds - fulfilling my greatest fantasy, peeing in the great outdoors next to a dying cactus and a crumpled up Pabst can - is out of the question.  Instead, one must find her way through a maze of other campsites and other people roasting their weenies - to one of the only two bathroom/showers.The park offers many easy to moderate and the killer-est of hikes - Siphon Trail up to Flatiron.  Staying at the campsite allows you to start about midway, though that won't make the trail any easier.  Bringing your own oxygen tank, stretcher and medic might be more helpful.  All hikes offer magnificent views of the mountain and surrounding areas.  Once you ascend the mountain, Phoenix - in all of its magnificent smoggy flatness - lays before you.  Be warned that the park is extremely popular with EVERYONE and his third cousin.  Even early morning on a Monday we were met with large groups of hikers attempting the Siphon trail.  Fortunately, the sun rises from behind the mountain, so hiking early morning is nice and cool, while the sun's at your back when you make your decent (assuming you made it all the way up in one piece).  A worthwhile visit for anyone in the Phoenix area and beyond.
4	* GOOD HIKING, WELL MAINTAINED GROUNDS *we didn't want to drive to sedona or anywhere that was 2+ hr away to go hiking.  besides, it was hot. we knew we weren't going to do a crazy dehydrating hike.from phoenix to lost dutchman state park, it was a 45 min drive.  there is a $7 parking fee per car.  they have a variety of hikes from easy to hard.  if you are an avid hiker wanting a challenge, you can hike the siphon draw trail on the east side of superstition mountain.we did the easy hike which was Treasure Loop #56 (westside of the mountain).  it's a 2.4 mile loop that is well marked. it was the end of march, but i didn't see the fields of red and yellow wildflowers. we saw some yellow ones but there weren't fields of them (just many tall cactii here and there). we enjoyed the hike. it was long enough to get our exercise on.  we saw some families with children complaining which was kinda funny. "i'm tired! i don't want to hike up anymore...only want to hike downhill." brought water, our tripod (this is a must for us), snacks, and a sandwich.  the sandwich wasn't necessary since the hike wasn't too long.  but we wanted to be prepared since hiking while hungry isn't pleasant.glad we decided to visit lost dutchman park instead of driving further to other locations.
5	I don't even think you can actually rate something this beautiful. Arizona is so full of magnificent beauty, I'm always thrilled when I find a new piece of it.Lost Dutchman is, I believe, the entrance to the Superstition mountains. I'm not very familiar with the area but I believe that's what I was told. At any rate it's just so serene and beautiful here. For $7 entry you can drive about 1/4 of a mile in and then hit the trailhead It's an easy hike to the mountain, but the mountain is another story. Hard, hard, hard! Whew. I highly recommend even just driving this direction. It's majestic and breathtaking. Nature at it's very best.
5	We stayed at the campground with our travel trailer.  It was super clean and the view was amazing!  Will definitely come back.
5	Awesome hidden gem. Great nature walks and mtn biking, AMAZING vistas. Some cool hikes to the top, a little strenuous though. Saw a rattle snake and base jumper in the same day! Right before winter all the cactus are SUPER GREEN and creates a unique and beautiful scene. Also, many areas have an eerie feel to them like your walking into an old western.
