5	Honest & Dependable!!!  Thought I had a major plumbing issue under the foundation of my home.  Spoke to Steve on a Monday.  Tuesday morning he was here and diagnosis problem.  Leak was from my water softener in the wall which leaked through guest bedroom flooring.  Was looking at a 5k bill for a re-route instead a few hundred dollars solved the issue.  Problem repaired that same Friday.  Very professional and honest.  This is the BEST plumbing service in the valley!
1	On January 27th, our water heater's pilot light went out and we called Dynamic Plumbing and were patched through a technician, Mark who walked us through re-lighting the pilot light until Monday when they could come and out and take a look at our water heater. I tool off early from work to meet Mark at our house (2:00 p.m.). He took a look at the water heater and claimed that the screen under the water heater needed cleaning and tested the pilot light. Mark stated if anything went wrong to call him on his cell phone. 2 hours later the pilot light was out after taking a shower. I called Mark and no answer, left a couple of voice mails. I then called the company and received the answering service at 5:02 p.m. and was told that they would pass the information along to the office and it would have to wait until the next morning. I stated that I could not go another night without hot water and the response I received from the answering service was "what do you want me to do about it". Mark then called back and told me he could not come out and I needed to text him the make, model and serial number of the water heater PLUS take a picture and send it to him of the control. I did and was told by Mark he would go purchase the part and only charge me for the part as I was not going to pay another service call fee as it should have been checked out and fixed the first time. My husband left work early to be home at 3:00 p.m. to meet Mark and when I called Mark to tell him, he stated he could not come as he had an emergency call and it would be at least 8 hours. I called the office and spoke to Lynn and explained the situation and told her this was not acceptable. She stated that she was aware of the situation and that they did not have anyone else working who could assist us, Mark was the only plumber working. Not even the owner/manager. Come to find out Mark was going to install a used part instead of a new one and his manager said no. The answer I received from Mark and was to keep lighting the pilot light until he could come back to our house which according to Lynn would not be until probably 2 days. This is was not good so I had to call another plumbing company to come out and pay another service fee call because they did not do what they were supposed to do or follow thru with what was promised.
1	Absolutely horrible! Guy came out & had to "snake" the line to unclog a blockage. Never recapped the line, no receipt for service, didn't even stick around to make sure it was good! Then 2 days later same problem! Called them, delayed coming out for 2 days. When they showed they were 4 hours late, tried to recharge us to redo their sloppy work! They still never fixed issue and " don't ever call us again" is what the technician told us! So now we're having to spend more $$ to hire another company to do their work!Oh and never got receipt of work!!! Shady company! Do not use!!!!!!!!
