1	So I'm a huge fan of any ethnic food culture that has discovered that stuffing meat and/or cheese into a pastry shell is delicious.  So one day I tried the ground beef and onion pasty at this little shop, served to me by a friendly long-haired hippie dude.  Well, I get no further than bite two, and what's that extra ingredient that I detect? A hair of course.  But not just any old little hair, like a two foot long hair, most certainly from that greasy hippie's long doo.  A long hair in my pasty will always seal the deal for me to never go back.
5	The best pasties in Madison, hands down. For the uninitiated, pasties (pronounced "pass-tees") are traditionally ground beef and onions in a thick pastry shell. Teddywedgers has a wide variety of choices available, from the traditional beef & onion to much less traditional but still extremely tasty breakfast concoctions featuring eggs and Canadian bacon. For pizza fans they have the Big Cheesy, which adds cheese and tomato sauce on top of the traditional ingredients, while those avoiding red meat will be satisfied by their chicken pasties, which my fiance compared to a chicken pot pie.The entire shop would fit in a walk-in closet, so there's no seating to speak of and every order is "to go", but there are public benches nearby. They always have pasties hot and ready to go (much like places where you can buy pizza by the slice), so you get your food faster than at most fast food places, and it's REAL food -- tasty, filling, and much healthier than anything sold at Micky D's. Plus, if you order a half pasty, you get to watch them chop it in two with a cleaver so big that it might be better described as a small sword. I've always enjoyed that.I've eaten at Teddywedgers many times, and I've received the same excellent food and friendly service every time. I can't recommend this place highly enough.
3	For some reason, the older dude behind the counter reminded me of a retired sailor. Who knew this type of food originated in the UK? I was berated for not knowing this is traditional Scottish food. I do enjoy their chicken pasty with white sauce and vegetables. It is so big, it is almost heavy! Seriously! I think I gain like 3 pounds consuming a whole one. It tastes like a doughy chicken pot pie in a shape resembling a gignormous stromboli on steroids. However, they are supremely messy to eat and I have to sit down on a bench to eat one, because I lack the balance to nosh on one and walk down the street at the same time. My boyfriend said it's entertaining to watch me eat one. Be sure to seriously do a face check after finishing so you don't look like a slob.
5	Food: FANTASTICLY DELICIOUS! The pasties here (that's pass-tea, not paste-tea) are wonderful. Absolutely the best I've ever had. They have the traditional beef, potato and onion (great with ketchup), as well as breakfast (egg, cheese, meats, veggies), steak, veggie, pizza-like, and my favorite - chicken (like chicken pot pie) among others. They are always hot and ready to go. The prices are very reasonable for the sheer amount of food you get. Half a pasty can easily be split between two people for a satisfying lunch.Drinks: They offer cheap canned soda.Seating: None. It's very small inside, barely big enough for three people to stand there. I usually take my pasty down to the Espresso Royale cafe to enjoy it with coffee.Atmosphere: Not much to say here. 9/10ths of the place is kitchen. The coolest thing, like Corey said, is the sword. Staff: I've seen 4 different people working there, all of them are very friendly.Miscellaneous: The breakfast pasties sell out *fast*. If you want one, be sure to get there early. It's nearly impossible to get one after 11 on farmers market days. They also offer their food frozen, so you can buy a couple to heat up at home.Overall, this place is fantastic. It's my one of  favorite places to grab lunch during the week or breakfast on the weekends.
5	Teddywedgers is and always will be my absolute favorite State Street restaurant.  The pasties are consistently delicious and I have so many great memories of this establishment.  I was first informed to the existence of this small cornershop in high school, when my friends and I would walk up and down State Street before heading to the Memorial Union.  Teddywedgers is the last store on State Street before the Capitol, but we never stopped in those nights since it was usually closed.  It wasn't until my freshman year at UW that I was introduced to the best pasty I have ever had.  My friend had been doing landscaping at a bank on the Square and had gone for lunch.  He was so impressed that the next week we went all the way up State Street on a beautiful fall day to split a chicken and white sauce pasty.  I've been hooked ever since.  A half pie is about all that I can handle, since these are quite big.  Since there is no seating inside the tiny shop, I almost always go during the warmer months so I can sit outside on the benches.  I love the chicken and white sauce pasty so much that I almost always get it in half pie form.  I've tried the ground beef, breakfast, pizza and veggie pies and I've enjoyed them all, but the chicken and white sauce is the ultimate lunch.  The breakfast pasty is a special treat since I'm not often downtown during the mornings.  They're not the easiest meals to eat gracefully, so it's a good idea to tear off two paper towels on your way out.During college I used to wait for the first nice day of spring and head down to get my first pie of the year.  It was my "official" start to spring and my memories of this yearly event are some of my favorites from the time.  I would almost run out the lecture hall and on up State.  On several occasions I've driven down and there are a few metered parking spots along West Mifflin, so if you're lucky you can park and be back to the car within a couple of minutes, avoiding the fees for the ramps.  The owner, Myles, usually leaves a bit before noon, and it is always a treat to talk to him when he's in.  I've also gotten whole pasties to go.  When my father was laid up after shoulder surgery I picked one up on my way down to visit him at home, and I received a bit of good-natured ribbing for rushing out so quickly from Myles.  I took the pasty down to my parents' place 30 minutes south of Madison and warmed it up for 5 minutes in the oven.  It was just as good.
4	A corner stone of state street and wisconsin culinary repertoire.  (please don't call it a hot pocket)The meat goes on top.  Meat juices drip on onion.  Meat+Onion juices drip on absorbant potato.  All of it is wrapped in a braided pastry pocket.  Genius!  (and genius that Teddywedgers has spared us the traditional rutabaga.)  The pasty stays hot for a long time.  Lore says welsh miners supposedly stuffed these "pies" down their shirts to stay warm and ate them for lunch.  (I do not recommend sticking food beneath your underlayers while at work)Among the variations they offer, by far my favorite is the breakfast pie (Canadian Bacon, eggs, cheese, tomatoes, mushrooms and Italian sausage).    It is almost so good that I sometimes want to break my grad school routine and wake-up for breakfast.
2	Uh no. Sorry. I tried this place, upon Dana V's recommendation (and I'm subletting from her too!), but it just didn't do it for me. I've had pasties in England (not the OTHER kinds of pasties, you sicko), and they were well-seasoned, juicy, and comforting. Teddywedgers was not like those at all.Thick, lard-y bland crust. Meat needs more flavoring--tasted too much like cheap ground beef to me. Some worcestershire sauce, garlic, I dunno, SOMETHING.
3	Sitting on the corner of State, waiting for my boyfriend to arrive, I realized just how busy this place is. It's a good thing it only takes a minute or two to get your pasty, cause this place would have a line almost reaching the capitol if it took any longer.The man behind the counter was friendly, and took a moment to explain the selection to me when I was deciding between a few. It must have gotten confusing, though...because when we got outside and dug into our pies, he had given me the wrong one. It was still good. A bit too much cheese, but good. I think next time I'd try a traditional meat and potato one.By the way, no matter how hungry you THINK you are...just order half a pasty. They're HUGE.
5	This place was such a wonderful find as we wandered the streets aimlessly on our way to the Capitol. I got a breakfast pasty half with sausage, canadian bacaon, toms, cheese, and eggs, and my son got the lunch #2 - steak and potatoes. Both were amazing and half filled us both for hours. The folks working there were super nice and easy-going.
4	If Chicagoland has anything like this, please DO NOT point me there. I would weigh like a gazillion pounds! This place is one reason not to be vegan (vegetarians are safe).  A half of the veggie pasty did us in...twice on our trip to Madison. For the ladies: This is awesome period food. Not too greasy 'cause it's not fried, but the cheese, sauce and veggies will satisfy. Fun owner and staff. They make proper munchie food.
4	Wisconsin is not just about the cheese......they are known for tiny turnover pastries called Pasties. If you are like me the name just sounds unappealing, but like other misleading food names (like spotted dick, creme of lox, or colon candy) they are actually delicious. The pasty came from Cornwall, England. It was a hand held "no need" for forks and knife meal for miners who had no time to come above for lunch.The one we tried had cabbage, potato, and peas inside. We also tried a sweet pasty with cherries and icing. The sweet pasty reminded me of a McDonald's turnover. I still gobbled it down. So if your traveling through Wisconsin and are lactoid intolerant or want to try something new get a Cornish pasty instead.
5	I just remembered that I ate here. I had a breakfast pastie which was sort of the breakfast equivalent of a calzone. Mine had I think egg, cheese, tomato, and sausage.The shop is probably only large enough to cater to 2 or 3 customers at a time, standing room only. Above the shop in the window is a drumset, presumably Myles Teddywedger gets up there and pulls some serious Shelia E type shit. Did he die? Someone here says he died? Oh god. He died?! http://host.madison.com/wsj/news/local/article_b7363ca4-e78c-11de-8a3a-001cc4c002e0.html ;_;
2	Salty.  Good god, so salty. Maybe I just had a bad pasty or something, but I never went back afterwords.  Besides the flavor of salt, there just wasn't a whole lot going on in one of these.  Pasties sit in the window for god knows how long, but I never once saw them putting fresh product out.  It might be nice to grab one on a winter day walking to work, but i'm just not sure it'd warrant taking off my gloves to eat.....
4	OK, the first thing you need to know is that Teddy's Pasties bear no resemblance to the Pasties you will get in England.Having said that, he does do a damn good job of trying.  The problem I think starts with the size of the bloody things.  A half pasty should not be an option, it is a meal in and of itself. Teddy's are HUGE.The pastry was a nice short crust, the taste was great, the texture was where it let itself down.  It had an overly processed texture (too long in the food processor), where in England you find a more hand cut texture to the veggies, can visually see the veggies (Carrots, Turnips, Potatoes, Onions, et al) and because of the size difference you can pick out those individual flavours.When you bite into Teddy's it just looks like a slab of meat.In summary:Take the half optionEnjoy the taste ( I did add pepper to mine, personal taste)Do not expect it to look like a Pasty bought in EnglandFinally, just enjoy a damn good meal for a great priceBTW.I bought a full Steak Pasty as I thought I was hungry at the time.  I ate almost half for lunch and brought the rest back to Colorado that evening for tomorrows lunch. Seriously, that's how big they are!
5	Good grief I love this place.This is one of the reasons I wish I lived in Madison.  It is also one of the reasons I'd weigh a hundred more pounds if I actually did.  So warm, so cheesy, so tasty, so meaty, so wonderfully not good for you that it should be a requirement to have one at least once a week to maintain your sanity.Aside from the food, the shop itself isn't much to look at.  A tiny place at the intersection of a dead-end and State street doesn't exactly allow for much else other than takeout, but who cares when you're getting food this good.Back to the food.  Meat.  Potatoes.  Cheese.  Sauce.  Veggies.  Crust.  All of these are the reasons I bring a cooler with me when I go to Madison, because I NEED to bring a couple dozen back with me.
4	I just received a gift of a large quantity of Wedgers from family who recently visited Madison.  The overall taste of the pasties has not changed significantly, with the exception of the crust being a little thinner on the top and without the nifty dough swirl down the middle.The thing which surprised me was how much smaller the Wedgers had become!  The cheese pasties are about two-thirds the size of what they were the last time I was there and the steak/potato ones were miniscule in comparison to their predecessors of yore.  As I understand it, the prices hadn't changed to keep up with the shrinking pasties.  I sadly remove a star from my previous rating due to them not being nearly as much of a deal as they used to be.
5	I look on Yelp for unique places in Madison to eat.  Did not really find anything that different form Chicago.  However, walking around on State Street, right near the Capitol, I found Myles Teddywedger!  What a treat.  They now carry only half sizes, and for $3.50-$4.00, you get a lot for your money.  A slice of pizza at Ian's is around the same.  The ingredients are fresh and the dough is awesome.  If anyone knows of a place like this near Chicago, let me know.
4	Several people told me about the "pastys" when I asked where to eat lunch.  "Pastys" in this case are English-style pastries, not something exotic dancers where.  They were awesome!  This place is right off the state house in Madison and I can only guess how busy it gets at breakfast and lunch.  I had the #1 the first day.  Sausage, onions and potatoes, oh my!  Sooo good for just under $4!  And I couldn't finish it!The next day I had the pizza style!  a winner again!  I liked it even better ( I am a pizza freak) and again couldn't eat it all.  I wanted to, just was too full.  This place is a must try!
4	Myles Teddywedger's pasties (the 'a' is pronounced like mass, not like face) are a staple of the State St dining experience. For about $5.00, you get a hot sandwich encased in pastry dough. I've had two pasties from here, the veggie and the ground beef. I always am happy when a veggie dish doesn't disappoint, and the veggie pasty was rich and filling. It was a no-brainer then that the ground beef pasty was going to be good, and it was great. The only thing stopping me from giving 5 stars is the fact that food is all pre-cooked, so there can be some concerns about freshness. On the flip side, having the food pre-cooked means that you walk in hungry and feel satisfied in about 90 seconds. So, let's call it 4.5 stars.
4	there is not going to be a better $5.00 snack than one of these pastys on state street.  the dough is lite and crunchy and packed filled of typcially ground beef.  the only downfall is that it appeared these pastys are pre-cooked in the morning and therefore if you go in the afternoon, they wont be fresh or overly piping hot.  still everything was great for the price and you can quickly order, pay and leave.
1	Cornish Pasty is the signature dish of my family.  It's just steak, potatoes, onions and a little salt and pepper in a short pastry crust. (Forget the other flavors, that's not pasty.)   My dad's are the size of a small canoe and the way to dispose of one is to eat half hot and the other half cold the next day with a salt shaker, a cold beer and a Packer game.  They're a lot of trouble to make so I don't get them often.I so wanted to like these.  The one I bought was roughly the size and shape of a slightly flattened softball, almost 4 inches thick.  Perhaps because of the thickness, the potatoes (skin on reds, not a good choice)  were seriously  undercooked, and ruined the pasty.  Al dente simply doesn't work for potatoes.I may give these another shot in case this was a fluke, but I'm not encouraged.
3	Not bad for the price. roughly $5 for a pretty tasty chicken pot pie pasty. Too big for me to finish, but the flavor wasn't phenomenal.
4	Their Pasty's are stuffed full! I'd stick with what's on the menu regularly for first timers like the beef and onions. I was definitely impressed by the amount they put in each pasty. It's not full of air like others can be. It's hot, ready and a great food to eat on the go. The quality of the ingredients is what puts this at a 4 stars even though their not claiming to be gourmet. It is one of the better pasties I've had for sure!
1	The new owner doesn't seem to quite have the hang of how to make a pasty.I had the beef & potato. It was a ball, smaller than a softball. While it was...interesting, it was hard to eat.The potatoes and onions were not cooked. They were cool and crunchy and not very pleasant.It was much smaller than Myles' pasty and the prices were higher. That's not surprising given the state of the economy, but I would expect the quality to at least stay the same, not get worse.I realized as I was leaving that he was still open about 20 minutes past the closing time listed on the door. He had a full shelf of pasties sitting under the heat lamp. I don't think I want to know how long they were sitting there.Hopefully this is just a case of "New Owner Still Figuring Things Out"...but then, he's not that new anymore...I hate to admit it, but the frozen pasties I get from the grocery store are now much better than what I found here.
2	On a nice sunny Saturday, it can be fun to go downtown on State St and around the square.  Today we chose to eat lunch from Myles right around the time the Farmers market was closing up for the day.  We made the really, super, ignorant decision to eat right next to Myles on those stone bench-like sculptures.  There probably is some nice name for them, but I would call them "Get harassed by homeless people square."  I figured it would be ok because there were other families sitting there eating, but apparently we looked like the suckers to harass.  Some super tall black guy sat down right next to the minor with us and starts his speech about how he needs money because he is down on his luck, yada, yada.  My dining companion tells him that we don't carry cash, which is true.  So he says "then by me some food man, I'm hungry."  Oh ok, we'll do that right away sir, just cuz you said so.  We were wondering what do with our hard earned money that we WORKED for.  We packed up our lunch, and immediately walked away, with mister "I'm a professional panhandler" guy yelling after us "OH I SEE HOW IT IS!!!"  I guess we were lucky it didn't get any worse than that.  We ended up eating our pasties on a picnic table by the court house.  I had a veggie wedgie, and it was pretty ok minus the massive amounts of red sauce drowning it.  My dining companion had the usual beef pasty.  He said it was ok, but it seemed like the recipe had changed.  The minor had a cheesy pizza that was also swimming in red sauce.  Blech.  I won't be in a hurry to go back to this place any time soon unless I want a pasty full of red sauce and some harassment from the local, permanent, panhandlers who clearly think everyone else owes them money and food.  Boo hiss.
3	Honestly I have no idea how this place is still in business. Everything about it is just tiny and nondescript, despite the premium location at the intersection where State Street and Capitol Square meet. That, and I personally never think to myself: "You know what I feel like eating? A softball-sized portion of ground beef and onion stuffed inside a hot pocket."So as strange as that sounds, and despite the fact that it just sits under a heat lamp all day, the Teddywedgers pasty have never given me even the slightest stomachache. I realize that's setting the bar pretty low. But the thing is that there's very little that's visually appealing about Myles Teddywedgers, and yet they still manage to serve up a decent, affordable, filling meal in meaty calzone-style pocket form.
3	It was fine. Not the best, not the worst.
4	Why do I love it? I don't know. Who came up with the idea that stuffing some pizza dough with unspiced tomatoes and mozzarella? Some dude with no style. And yet....And yet I crave it sometimes, the same way I crave another opportunity to watch Beetlejuice or lie in bed while snow is falling outside. It's freeaking cozy. Eat here. Not for the adventure, but because you are having a day where you feel kind of like a bone-crunching baller, an on-the-road jerky-and-cheese trucker, a flannel-wearing logger, a video-game-playing shulb, or Kevin Smith. I swear, Kevin Smith is their target audience.
5	I was attending Teddywedgers Anonymous meetings regularly, but I've fallen off the wagon, and I couldn't be happier.  I miss Myles, but his legacy tastes so good.  I'm proud to be raising a second generation addict.My personal weakness is the breakfast pasty, B2.
3	I have no idea what you call the stuff that Teddywedgers sells. Pies? Pizzas? Calzones? Burrito? Not sure, but the concept is probably closer to a miniture calzone with different types of filling.Whatever these things are, they are pretty good, sizable, filling, and cheap (~$5). There's no seating here as it is a grab and go sort of place, but don't overlook this interesting little shop when you pass by.
4	"A whole meal pie!" That's how the owner describes the pastries stuffed with tons of delicious goodness, and I'm inclined to agree. I had the #3 which included sausage, mozzarella, and tomato sauce, and boy was it delicious! Perfect for people who value a quick and hearty bite that won't break the budget (e.g. college students and busy young professionals on the Square).
5	Perfect lunch food.
5	They have a great Cornish pasty for only $4. It's a very good size and is a meal in itself.It's not a U.P. style pasty with rutabaga and such but has  ground beef, potato, and onion. They also carry do breakfast pies, cheesy pasties but for me it's the ground beef.There's no seating however so plan accordingly. Closed Sundays too.
5	I've tried the chicken (good and comforting), salmon (comfort but not for me), barbeque chicken (not balanced for me), beef and onion (dry and flavorless), super cheesy + beef (lacks flavor), super cheesy + special (too salty due to pepperoni), AND supercheesy + italian sausage (AMAZING!).  The supercheesy has fresh tomato sauce, plenty of cheese, and a crunchy doughy crust.
1	For over 30 years I've been walking by this place and never tried it. Last night I decided to pick up a pasty for breakfast. Their website claims they open at 7AM on Fridays. I show up at 7:05 and the store is closed. Hours on yelp disagree with the website and claim they open at 7:30. I go to the office and head back at 7:40, still closed.  I guess I'll continue to walk by this place in the future.
5	LOVED it...very close to what my grandma used to make...only difference is I'm used to having carrots in it as well (the one we had to today was just meat, potatoes and onions).  We will DEFINITELY be back!
4	I have had a few of their offerings and they provide a quick, substantial lunch at a reasonable price.
1	The restaurant is under new ownership, and just reopened in the last couple weeks.  The previous owner carried the recipes over from the original owner, Myles.  They were excellent authentic Cornish Pasties.This new owner must not have gotten the pasty recipes in the deal.  They currently only have a couple breakfast pasties and one lunch menu option, the ground beef pasty.  So I went withe the ground beef pasty.This pasty was like eating an unseasoned dry hamburger wrapped in slightly overcooked pie crust.  There was no hint of potatoes, onions, or anything but ground beef inside it.  The portion size was about half the size of what the original pasties were.  This actually was fine since it took a full can of soda to make it through the size that it was because it was so dry.I will not eat there again.  I can't wait to see what will take its place next.  Too bad since Teddywedger's has been in that location for decades.
2	Wedges used to be a quick lunch staple prior to new ownership... Unfortunately the new ownership is 0 for 2 on my visits since they re-opened. First visit was on opening day... No Big Cheesy ready to go, no problem opening day and all, so waited to get one. Spent $6.50 for a wedge that was roughly half the size of the original that used to cost $5.00. (Although the fillings were seasoned better.)Second attempt today... No Big Cheesy again... Went with a BBQ chicken... Now $9.50 for a whole pie the is the size of the originals, that again used to cost $5.00 only several months ago. Filling was cubed chicken and potatoes in BBQ sauce and nothing much else.Overall, the quality is marginally better, but the pricing is WAY off for the value. At least they have bottles of Mexican Coke.I'll give them one more try in the next couple weeks, but I'm not holding my breath.
