3	What's with restaurants not opening until after 5 pm?  What if I'm hungry at 4?  After Plan A failed, we wound up here.  For Plan B, it was quite enjoyable.  The cafe is relatively small, maybe a dozen tables at best, decor is simple, and staff is friendly.Since we had never been, we decided to opt for the sampler platter.  We were soon presented with a sampling of several hummuses or hummi, you pick.  All were not as thick as I'm used to.  Not that it was bad, just different.  I thought the original and artichoke were a little heavy on the lemon, but if you like tangy stuff, you'll love it.  I really enjoyed the roasted red pepper and jalapeno varieties.  There was also another dip, I think it was the babaganush, charbroiled eggplant puree, which was quite good as well.  I wasn't impressed with the pita bread.  Just tasted like something you could pick up at Fry's, but they were generous with it. The rest of the sampler included falafel (ground fava beans-it reminded me of a hushpuppy, I know, I'm an idiot, but it did), dolmades (stuffed grape leaves), kibah (meatballs), and spinach and cheese pie.  Everything was tasty, but I wasn't blown away by it.  As a disclaimer, I will say I have never had some of these items so maybe I was expecting something more.  I did really really love the spinach & cheese pies though.  We ended with baklava.  I enjoyed the flavor, but was disappointed that the fillo was so chewy and could not be cut through easily.They also have a small selection of beer and wine at reasonable prices.  Beers run around $3 and wine was $6 I believe.Definitely worth a shot if you're in the area!
5	The Nile Cafe is AMAZING !!! One day I visited the Desert Botanical Garden and found myself famished. i was looking for something fresh, healthy and vegetarian. I Found this little gem of a place. IT was very quiet, only a few tables occupied. I ordered the hummus (3 different flavors) and the veggie roll. I took a couple bites and knew this was the freshest ingredients! I came back a couple more times and decided to have my birthday party here and honestly it was the best party I can remember. The Chef Souzan is Egyptian and I consider her the "Babette of the Middle East" (from the movie Babettes Feast). They are closed on Sundays but she opened just for my party of 30 guests. Souzan arranged everything, the most amazing belly dancer, the hookah pipe man who carried in 5 of the cadillac of hookah pipes. The food was fresh as ever. Hummus made from fresh beans. nothing canned here. This little unassuming place came alive at night ! Too bad her place downtown phoenix is no longer, but it's worth the drive to Scottsdale!! Oh all the food is Kosher, and the lamb seriously is succulent!!
3	This small mom and pop shop has homemade hummus that is so good. Try their hummus platter which comes with garlic lemon, roasted red pepper, jalepeno  and artichoke hummus! If you're not into hummus they have a very tasty howashi sandwich!
4	I am giving this place 4 stars simply because they have koshari!  I haven't seen koshari since I was in Egypt and this was nearly as good...I asked for it spicy and it was but not as spicy as the stuff in Egypt...otherwise delicious!
2	In todays tight economy I really hate to speak ill  of a restaurant unless they deserve it this place does not... really.... BUT I was the only patron in the restaurant and had to get my own salt and pepper and i sat without a water refill as i ate my dinner untill i was almost finnished on the high note the baba ganoush was fair  at a  decent price  the salad was quite good fresh and crisp and the kafta kabob was dry should have had some tazeki with it to help moisten the meat . the lady/waitperson/maybe owner was nice enough but not overly intrested in making sure I had what i needed as I ate my dinner 3 stars is kinda pushin it .......the real question is would i go back?????   we'll see they did have some lunch specials 11am 3pm
4	The owner is very nice and friendly. The food is fresh and flaverful. FYI: The owners wife makes the best salad dressing.
1	I ordered the kingdom plate i think it's called for $25.   it came with 2 small kofta kebabs (which were made from lamb instead of lean beef as the menu stated, 2 small cubes of tasteless meat, 2 small cubes of chicken.  it also came with a salad and veggies.  the entire meal should have cost no more than $7.   needless to say i will not be visiting that establishment anytime soon.
4	After calling to check that this restaraunt does deliver (which they do as long as your order is at least $30) we decided to give them a try.  We are big fans of greek food and the traditional fare with the kabob flair looked to be pretty enticing.  Honestly, I was not expecting this place to blow me away.  The portions were small compared to other restaraunts and this is the only thing keeping me from giving it 5 stars.  For a dinner that I would have rather paid $35 for, I paid almost $50, but I have to admit, the food was totally worth it.  We ordered the hummus trio with extra pita bread and the kabob dinner for 2.  I have been to quite a few Greek restaraunts in my time and none of them have left me saying Wow.  I'm still tasting the yummy spices.  The meats were flavorful, the rice was delicious, the hummus was fresh and each had it's own unique flavor and even the vegetables were delectable.  I don't know what spices they are using, but it was amazing.  Even the dinner salad that came with the meal was fresh and tasty.  I most defintiely will be dining here again soon, whenever I get the yen for a tasty meat and rice dish served up with some hot pita bread and I suggest you do the same.
5	This place is awesome!!My girlfriend and I went here for the first time this afternoon for lunch.  They gave us a small sample platter of four different types of humus and toasted pitas on the house.   They were all good, but the artichoke was our favorite.   We both ordered the Gyro with a side salad for our meal.  We came a little late so we were the only people there.  Service was very quick.  Both the salad and the Gyro were fantastic!  The gyro is probably one of the best I've ever had!  The meat was VERY tender and had an amazing flavor... seasoned perfectly!We will definitely be back for more!! We even ordered a large order of the humus to go.
4	Ate at the Nile Cafe last night. It's a medium sized restaurant in a strip mall. Sparse decor with a couple of TVs. VERY family friendly, as the proprietor had his kid there. The best part about the place was the kind, attentive service. Our pretty waitress and the owner both thanked us a couple of times for stopping in. They just seemed really grateful.As other reviewers noted, the small sampler plate of hummus was a nice free starter. I had the salad with my dinner. It was a basic plate of lettuce (with a decent dressing). I recommend the lentil soup, instead.I had the gyro schwarama, which came with a generous portion of rice. It was enough to have left overs for lunch today, but it was all a bit greasy (though, in their defense, greek is almost always a bit greasy). Tender, flavorful meat.The highligh of the meal was the caring servers.
5	Love the place. The shawarma is great and the people are very friendly. It's quick, very reasonably priced, and good food. Not sure what the reviewer Dan M. was looking for in this place, but for a solid lunch for under $8 in less than a half hour: the Nile is a great addition to the lunch rotation.
5	I loved it. Homemade hummus that kills me it's so good and perfectly spiced chicken breast. Excellent and affordable.
4	Imagine my delight when I saw that the Nile is now open for breakfast! I am a huge fan of the hummus, lentil soup and spanakopita here, so I was excited to try out breakfast. I couldn't be more pleased :-) I am mostly vegan so when I asked whether they could prepare grilled veggies, potatoes and toast for breakfast, they didn't hesitate to accommodate. I was also very happy to learn that they will be rolling out a gluten free and vegan menu, score! I will certainly be back...and did I mention that the delicious hummus is now available at AJs?? Can't wait to tell all of my friends!
