5	This place has just had a makeover while I'm not sure why it seemed to be packed all the time when there were sports on the various big tv's. This place is best known for their wall of Flame. LOL ok so they have a hot wing challenge. These arent just any wing's they call them "Atomic" made with habanero sauce mmmmm does that sound good or would you rather drink battery acid!!? So the challenge is to eat not a dozen but all 13 wings in one sitting. I dont remember if their was a time limit its possible there was. You must sign a waiver before you do this for liability reasons you must be in good health as well. If you do all this (we've had 2 crazy friend's do it so far) you get a free shirt that says your a flamer, and you get your picture taken a copy goes up on "The Wall of Flame." YAY I would go here just to watch people do this very exciting!! They have other food and beer like a normal sports bar its worth going at least once to see what the deal is with those wings! TIP: I saw one couple both do the challenge and they used forks to take the meat off the bone sntead of getting the sauce all over their lips and face. They were smart!! I'd do it like them if I ate wings!!
3	This is a really, really generic neighborhood sports bar. They have generic bar food, generic drinks, and generic drink specials. They have poker nights several nights a week that bring out... well, just the kind of crowd you expect at a neighborhood sports bar poker night.The only reason I'm taking the effort to write this review is to mention their hot wings. They used to have an "atomic" wing challenge, where you would sign a liability waiver then have to eat a dozen extremely hot wings. If you could eat all of them you would receive a shirt and your picture on the wall. Last time I was in Sports Peppers all of the pictures were off the wall and the atomic wing challenge was gone, but I believe their hottest wings are still just as spicy.Since the wings still exist and I did their old atomic wing challenge, let me explain to you how hot the wings were for anyone crazy like me who wants to test their manhood. Let me say beforehand that I can eat a ton of spicy foods. Suicide wings at most every place around town are not a problem to eat. They are enjoyable and do not resemble a challenge or anything too spicy. I figured this "challenge" would be easy. It was not.When the plate arrived, the fumes launched a barbaric attack on my nose. I cringed knowing what I might be in for. But hey, any loser cook can make wings smell hot. Actually making them hot is something different. I took the first bite. No sweat. I made a sarcastic remark to my friends, thinking about how awesome I am, probably something along the lines of, "This shit is a joke. Too easy." Well, like most really hot foods, these wings take awhile before they really hit you. When they do hit, have some fucking milk nearby. Sooner or later I finished all of the wings. I was victorious. Except for a couple of things. First of all, my mouth was numb. I drooled on myself a couple of times. My eyes were watering. When I got home, I lived in the bathroom for awhile and produced some utterly vile waste. To be honest, I don't think I ate wings for ~6 months after this challenge. This little sports bar taught me that I'm not the spicy food god I thought I was. You win, Sports Peppers.Oh, to the guy who looks like Jesus and had the 1st place record for eating some absurd amount of these (100 maybe?): bravo, sir.
3	After reading the previous reviews and in search of the hottest wings in Phoenix, I have to admit as a purveyor of the spiciest fare, I was a bit nervous.The drive over I started to sweat thinking of other's unpleasantries both during and after the atomic wing challenge.  I further became uneasy as the waiver was laid before my eyes that read like a legal contract and had the words "death" and "risk of injury is significant."Well let me tell you that when I ate one, then 2, then 13 and had no significant feelings of the heat mentioned previously, I was rather disappointed.  I am not sure if they have been scaled back due to people breathing actual fire, or if my intolerance for heat is beyond human.  Either way, my search continues.  The real challenge here was trying to make it through all 13 wings while a rather large women in a mini-skirt showed off her pool playing abilities.  That deserves a waiver of its own!
2	Sports Pepper is a neighborhood sports bar with a variety of events weekly (poker tournaments, UFC Fights, DJs, etc.)  They offer up a full selection of spirits, a nice variety of food items, and a friendly staff.  The facility is clean and the prices are great.My biggest gripe with Sports Pepper is that the food quality is very inconsistent.  The quality changes from night to night. Over the last several months, they are often out of items (the last few times it was the cottage cheese or buffalo shrimp.) Last night I ordered the fajitas and a side salad. The fajitas were excellent....very very tasty.  The side salad was HORRIBLE.  You ask: "How can your ruin a side salad?"  I answer:  "Use old wilted and brown iceberg lettuce."Really???  Were the lights out in the kitchen?  Did my server develop cataracts and not notice that nearly EVERY inch of my plate had brown wilted iceberg on it? I mean this stuff should have been thrown out LAST week.I firmly believe the cooks are Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde.  Dr. Jekyll does a great job in the kitchen and I am a fan of his work.   The buffalo shrimp and fajitas are AWESOME.   But man-o-man do I hate it when Mr. Hyde is working...he forgets to keep the kitchen fully stocked and he can't even make a salad!
1	Dive does not even begin to cover how bad this place was.First off myself a several co-workers went here because we heard of their wing challenge.  When we walked in there was not a single other person in the place at noon.  It smelled like Clorox bleach was used on everything.  After we sat down we were greeted with the smell or sewage because there was a truck pumping out the bathrooms.  The service was very slow even though we were the only ones there.If this wasn't enough when we asked about the wing challenge they said they don't do it anymore but they still serve the wings.  Hoping to save this terrible lunch trip we still ordered them.  It took over 20 min to get 4 orders of boneless wings out to us.  The wings were not hot at all.  They tasted like Tyson's frozen buffalo wings that had been cooked and the tossed some sliced jalapenos on them for effect.  There was not heat at all I have had mild wings at other places that are hotter.Over all I would avoid this place at all costs.  It was a dump and smelled like one and the food was terrible.  I have a challenge to any restaurant that has the guts to take it.  I want to a spicy food challenge worthy of the valley of the sun home of 120 degree temps.  Any takers?
1	As a bit of a chili head, I have to say that I was very very excited about the atomic wing challenge here. Unfortunately, when we arrived we were informed that no such challenge existed anymore but they still have the wings. My coworkers and I excitedly ordered a round of the atomic wings and the wait began.While waiting for our food, the surroundings finally started to set in. I had noticed a bit of an odor when we arrived but hadn't paid it much mind. As it increased in intensity, I didn't have much of a choice anymore. Apparently, lunchtime is the ideal time of day to pump the raw sewage out and it just happened to run right through the door right in front of me. Not a good start.The food finally arrives. This is going to be what makes it all worth it. I smell my wings and there is a little bit of noticeable tang and a some jalapenos on top. I take a bite nervously. Sort of cold. No noticeable spice. At all. Soupy wing sauce that doesn't taste very good on top of wings that I'm pretty sure just came from the grocer's freezer and found their way into Sport Pepper's microwave. Death knell.The service wasn't bad but wasn't impressive either. Overall, between the dingy, dark decor, the overpowering smell of raw sewage, and the absolutely lackluster food, I just don't see myself ever being able to justify coming back.It's unfortunate. I was really looking forward to this, too.
2	Typical neighborhood sports bar.  They advertise Happy Hour "specials" from 11am to 7pm daily.  Sadly, the "special" is a 50cents discount off the full price.  Our group also experienced the sewage odor that was noted by previous reviewers.  Staff were adequate and offered basic service. Margaritas were nothing to write home about.
2	Eeeeh maybe I'm not the sports bar type... But idk about Peppers.. Only had a couple of beers with my boo at happy hour.. Ambience.. Umm well, it's a sports bar.. Patio.. Nice scenery, of the side of a strip mall parking lot..brews, cold... The usual, hard to fail at that.. Waitress... Maybe she didn't like me?? Still on the search for the cool, sportsbar in the Valley..
