5	This place is a freaking HIDDEN GEM in Las Vegas. When I first moved to Las Vegas I thought the only shows were either at UNLV or on the Strip. It wasn't until last summer that I stumbled upon the Las Vegas Little Theater. This organization puts on a variety of plays and musicals each season and they can range from more well know stuff (think Neal Simon) to lesser known writers and sometimes local playwrights. They have two different venues at the location, a "mainstage theater" and a black box. I've only seen performances at the "mainstage". The theater doesn't have too many seats, so each performance is very personal.  The ticket prices vary depending on the show, and you can purchase season tickets. This is a great place for dates, or just for some nice out of your ordinary Vegas entertainment.
5	I am a season subscriber - going on four years - and I enjoy much of what they do.  Of course, not all plays are written, directed, or acted well, but LVLT does an excellent job.  The mainstage theatre has about 100 seats while the Fischer Blackbox is usually set up for around 45 people.  Blackbox productions tend to be edgier in nature, sometimes doing controversial subjects.This year, LVLT had their first annual Fringe Festival.  There were 9 plays performed four times over two weekends.  None of the plays was longer than an hour, and the entire fringe was superb!Go see something at Las Vegas Little Theatre.  It's inexpensive and very entertaining!
5	When I lived in my hometown, I did a lot of production work for my local community theater, which I loved.  Walking into this place for the first time, I felt strangely at home.  The initial reaction was somehow familiar.It's in a weird area of Chinatown.  Nothing you would see off of the street, or even know where it is unless someone were to tell you, and that's exactly how I found this place.  Even the front of the building isn't anything that stands out.  A friend of mine was doing a production here, so after tracking down the address, off I went.The theater itself is small, but the lobby is nice, and there seem to have been a number of productions here.  They also look to have a lot of productions going on during their season, mostly artsy, alternative style shows, but some recognizable names among their selections.Tickets are cheap, and you can order them online from the website with a service fee that's less than $2.  I probably didn't need to order online, but you never know with shows.  They also have a teeny tiny concession area, but they do have one.I'll have to check it out again now that I'm aware of its existence.  This one is hidden.  VERY hidden, but the cost and the variety of programming makes it worth the time to explore.  I'll be curious to see what else comes from this.
5	Las Vegas, Nevada17 Dec 2012 - From the pen of playwright, Floyd Stephen Alexander,  OP ED, a one act play profiling a cultural battle between an editorial cartoonist and a popular musical rap artist, has been entered into Las Vegas Little Theatre's 5th Annual New Works Play Competition for 2013.  OP ED's story plot centers around Carver Ross, an African American editorial cartoonist for Wake UP News, and his ongoing dispute in his featured column, Sketches and Scorns, with local rap artist, Long Dong (a.k.a. Seymour Williams).  Their mutual antagonism explodes in shocking ending from more sinister intentions not known by both men.   The winning play of the competition will have a 10 show performance on Little Theatre's Fisher Black Box stage and $150.00 in prize money.  The winner will be announced on March 15, 2013.  George Knapp, Channel 8 I-Team investigative report, personally favored the character, Sid Moniture, editor-in-chief of Wake Up News, and noted that the play "looks like fun and a creative undertaking".   Check out OP ED on www.productionscripts.com
5	My husband and I watched "The Proletariat" on the BlackBox stage last night and it was great. The volunteer attendants were very polite and professional. It was a smaller venue than I am used to, but with the room being so small, there were no bad seats. The tickets prices were amazing. We will definitely be going back to see one of their bigger productions in February.
5	best staff in all of town, go there , the nicest people all around. Now the Good The Bad and the UGLY. The Allergists Wife, Worst Play Ive ever seen in my life. poor script,poor acting. very loud heater/air blower runs through the whole production practically on the main stage, souldnt hear worth shit, left on intermission. Came back the next day to the Black Box to see Closer. Best play ever in all the world, best Actors on the planet. there ya go. Hope I wasnt too harsh....
5	What a wonderful find, my second visit equalled my first. I saw "It Runs in the Family" in December at LVLT but I forgot to review. Oops! Well I finally was allowed off the "naughty step" and took the opportunity to check out the next show of the season at this tiny gem of a theatre. If you are quick you can see an excellent rendition of Neil Simon's "Barefoot in the Park". (Ends 1/26). It boggles my mind, which is becoming easier as I mature, that any actor can memorize the amount of words necessary to perform an extremely "wordy" (is wordy a word?) play, such as those from the pen of Neil Simon. The whole cast were excellent but a young lady named Natalie Piechowski who played our heroine Corie, deserves special praise for a superb showing during her debut in Las Vegas.The theatre is in a tiny strip mall in Chinatown but there is ample lit parking right outside. The tickets are slightly north of 20 bucks, the concessions are crazy cheap unlike your local movie joint.Currently if you make a donation to LVLT, the big cheese at Zappos, Tony (something?) will match up to $25k, so worthy of support.It's a cheap night out, you are supporting local arts, it is easy to park, cool Chinese food is available right next door, it's only a dollar for a Hershey bar, ARE YOU SOLD YET?  You should be...it's good clean fun for all. I will see ALL of you at Agatha Christies "And Then There Were None" starting 2/14.... No excuses.
5	With all the huge productions we have available it is still wonderful to go to the Little Theatre and enjoy community theatre.  What great talent we have in our town!  I have been to several performances here, the most recent yesterday for Agatha Christie's, "And Then There Were None."  We went with several couples to the matinee and then had a great time afterwards reviewing the play and all the clues to who dun it!  We all enjoyed it and vow to make it one of our regular get togethers.
5	First time here did not disappoint. We came to see 5 lesbians eating a quiche. The theater is small but super cute and quaint. There were about 50 of us in the audience and the stage was soooo close you could see the sweat on their brow!The actresses were absolutely wonderful and hysterical especially for this play. They interacted with the audience without deviating from the script. Their facial expressions had me cracking right up! I would totally see this one again. We ordered tickets online and goofy us forgot the show that weekend. We called the box office and they gladly switched us to the next weekend without any hassle. We picked up our tickets at will call and were seated right before the show. Can't wait to see another show here in the heart of Chinatown LV!
