5	I don't think I've ever felt so welcomed at a hotel in my life. When we checked in, the gentleman at the front desk introduced himself and shook our hands and made friendly conversation while he got our room ready. The room itself was lovely and had one of the most comfortable beds I have ever slept in. We got a call from room service the next morning, as the sales manager who had helped us with our reservation had sent up a complimentary tray of fresh fruit, cheeses, chocolates, and a bottle of wine! Before we had even arrived she had emailed several times to see if there was anything we needed and made suggestions for things to do and see in Montreal. We went down to the administration office to meet her as she had been so helpful and generous. Throughout our stay the concierge desk was also very helpful in assisting us with restaurant reservations, maps, directions, etc. The fitness center was one of the highest quality I have seen in a long time. There was a pool as well as free wi-fi, though I didn't get a chance to use either. They even have a recycling bin in the room in addition to the trash can. Location was excellent in downtown Montreal, with easy access to most parts of town. I'm not sure what their regular rates are like, as my brother who works in the travel business helped get me a discounted rate, but I thought the price we paid was extremely reasonable. I am so enamored with the Delta hotels now, after staying at both this one and one in Quebec City, that I will be sure to stay with Delta again anytime I'm in Canada.
4	Delta isn't a 5-star hotel, but my experience there was.All of the staff were extremely courteous and went out of their way to make me feel comfortable.  The room was a little outdated and the furniture was mismatched a little bit, but the bed was the absolute most comfortable bed I've ever slept in!  I even peeked at the mattress' tags before leaving so I know which bed to get myself if I ever need one again!  (Serta Lace Concierge, btw)  The pillows were also magnificent!  Everything was clean, except for the carpets which could use a good cleaning.  Like I said, it's just outdated, like the wallpaper and curtains.  But nothing bad, per say.My room had a small balcony looking out over the fountain and courtyard with a nice sliding glass door.  When the sun finally came out on my last day, this came in handy.Delta has a gift shop on the main floor that is open until 11pm which was a godsend!I had booked my reservation along with my flight on a travel site, so the price was great.  But I think the prices from their Web site (~$80/night) weren't bad, either.Unfortunately Internet wasn't free but it did work from the get-go, which is more than I can say for some of the nicer hotels!  Also, the bathroom was very poorly lit, barely any light shining on the toilet area and in the shower.  It was strange.When I'm back in Montreal, I will definitely stay at the Delta again!!
4	Large room. In the heart of downtown.  Few blocks away from St. Catherine.  Nice and clean.   The concierge lacks knowledge of the town.  Free internet access in the downstairs office.
4	I just spent a very lovely weekend at this hotel. MY ONLY COMPLAINT is that they don't have a fitted sheet on the mattress and the comforter was too small. Other than that...it was great :)The pool and hot tub were really nice too. The staff were excellent. There is a hair dryer provided, which I liked always saves room in the suit case. The soaps and shampoos were good.
4	We picked up this hotel at a steal of a price of $60 per night (thank you Hotwire!), so you could say that my review of this place is skewed a little thanks to not having to pay all that much for a pretty nice hotel.  The hotel is in a great location, only a few blocks from the subway, restaurants, downtown, and what looked like a major music/film festival location getting set up.  It is also about a 15 minute walk downhill to Old Montreal.  The rooms are rather dated (our carpet needed some serious replacing), but the beds were super comfy, and ultimately, I'm most interested in a safe hotel and a good night's sleep.  The staff downstairs are nice - they have a tourist desk, reception desk, and a gift shop.  There's also a pool/fitness center, and at least one restaurant and bar.  You may find you need to ask someone for the location of the ice machine though. Although our floor had a sign pointing to it, it looks like it got removed at some point.  Reception told us to look on the other floors for it - so we then located one a few floors down from ours.
4	Ambiance: ExcellentRoom: ExcellentService/Concierge: ExcellentParking: ReasonableLocation: ExcellentOne can get a good price for this place if planning properly. The location is good but could be better its a short  walk to the main shopping area and restaurants area. There is plenty of parking and the service is great as always with the Delta Chain of hotels. You can park on the street if you want but I would be wary considering what I have seen in Montreal Downtown. We were upgraded to the Signature Club room which allows you access to the Signature Lounge.Continental breakfast and complimentary hors d'oeuvre are served in the Lounge. Great for someone like me who wants a quick coffee fix. Being a Delta Hotel fan I would recommend it any day. This hotel can get busy and sometimes you have a rowdy crowd so I would recommend a higher floor if you can manage it.
4	The Delta Montreal was everything I was looking for and more. It had all of the right amenities without sacrificing too much on the price. There are plenty of overpriced hotels without much to offer in this part of the city, but the Delta Montreal came through during my last recent trip to my favorite city in the great northeast (outside of New York).Location wise, it's almost perfect. There are plenty of restaurants, nightlife, and sandwiched between two metro stations. Parking was fairly easy around the hotel, just beware of parking within the hotel (daily fee for the garage).The folks at the hotel were prompt with all of our needs and made the check-in/out process super easy. They were helpful in their suggestions for great local establishments and even offered ways for us to save money (parking on the street, cheap restaurants, finding banks with low ATM fees, etc.) while on vacation.My group of guys and I were very lucky. They had run out of suites for the the weekend, but managed to put us in an oversized two queen bedroom, with an adjoining room, to give us the feel of staying in one large room. There was plenty of space for folks to grab a couch or even lounge around without feeling too tight. Even though the rooms were pseudo dated, the bathrooms were solid and the bed was quite comfy. I slept like a baby during each of my nights there.Best of all, this all was possible for roughly $85 a night, on a summer holiday weekend. We were already impressed with Montreal as a city, but to be able to stay in a hotel without much compromise in comfort and price, was an invaluable resource for our epic trip. Of all of the hotels I've stayed in this city, Hotel Delta Montreal certainly ranks among the highest on my list.
5	Srsly, props to Jando S. for opening my eyes to this joint!I visited Montreal this past MDW, post-renovations, and this is how the hotel choosing went down:Friend: We're going to Montreal in 2 wks & have no place to stay!Me: The boys were supposed to plan everything! I will do no planning whatsoever.Friend: Uhh...really? Well here is this hotel I found, I'm going to book it.Me: WAIT! Let me check yelp!!! *Goes on yelp, checks Jando's reviews, found this hotel* Let's book this one!Friend: Wow, you yelp freak.Well well well, this yelp freak got us an AWESOME HOTEL! Located centrally, walking distance to Rue St. Laurent (get your drank on!), and Old Montreal (get your tourist on!), and Rue St. Catherine (get your shop on!). We got a great deal on a beautiful space, with a private balcony!There is a piano in the lobby for some nice tunes coming into/out of the hotel. Parking was ~$30 for the 3 days we were there, AND they have Philosophy products in their bathrooms! You can always tell the caliber of the hotel by their bath products ;) P.S. There are no fridges!P.P.S. They play Canadian ESPN for all you sports lovers who absolutely HAVE to watch the NBA playoffs.
4	Great hotel for the price. Renovated rooms are well priced and large with good sun and a balcony. Large bathroom. Great concierge service really helped this non French speaking American. Will return. Free wifi!
4	My room was clean and well furnished. The staff was very friendly to this American tourist. Their restaurant was a bit expensive but I guess that is to be expected with any in-hotel eatery. You are paying for the convenience of not going out. My only real complaint is with the WiFi. I wasn't always able to get a good connection and when I would it was slow. Don't expect to stream TV shows to your iPad.There is always a taxi parked out front or at least nearby. If you need early morning transportation to the airport then it's all there.
4	Hotel Delta Montreal exceeded my expectations.  We purchased a livingsocial deal for a double-bed room that also came with dining credit, free internet and free parking (GREAT deal).   Since we were getting so much, I wasn't expecting everything to be so clean, fancy and modern.  Delta Montreal is considered to be a part of downtown Montreal, but I felt it was central to everything (Chinatown, nightlife, shopping, etc).  Very rarely did we drive 5 minutes away from the hotel to get to where we wanted to go (which meant we could've easily walked).  The rooms are very clean and spacious, bathroom is simple in design, but has a very attractive appearance and I can easily say their room service is the best I have ever had.  Must-order dishes from their room service menu (everything we ordered):- Grilled salmon with basmati rice- Wild mushroom pasta- Pasta with shrimpFitness center is very clean and offers all of the basics.   I did not end up checking out the indoor salt-water pool though.  Too many good things to say, experience it for yourself and book a night (or 2) to enjoy.  I recommend a minimum of 2 nights just because there is so much to see and do in the area.  With or without another livingsocial deal, I would happily return!
4	We had a great stay at this hotel. I stay at a lot of Delta hotels and this one is by far the best of them. It's nicely renovated, great service, good amenities. We didn't find anything wrong with it!
5	I booked my reservation here based on the various reviews I read on different sites. I am so glad I chose the Delta Montreal for my first visit to Montreal! The room was very spacious, clean, and the hotel was within walking distance to all great things to see/eat in downtown, as well as the Metro stations. Front desk staff couldn't be any nicer. I also enjoyed the gift shop inside the hotel - I bought most of my souvenirs from there (and the cost was on par with all the other souvenir shops around), as well as stocking up on snacks and water. Although the hotel had a restaurant/bar, I didn't get a chance to try it so I can't comment on that. The ONLY negatives I can come up with is that the balcony was a little dingy but not a big deal unless you plan on spending all your time there... Also, while the parking garage is very convenient, the spaces are very small and narrow and it's a bit claustrophobic, But again, this is me just trying to find little things to nit pick! Overall, the Delta Montreal was a wonderful hotel experience and I would recommend it to anyone in a heartbeat.Prices are VERY reasonable - under $200 a night for a standard 2-queen bed room.
5	Great Hotel!  Recently renovated, and had tons of room, great bathrooms, comfortable beds along with balconies.  Great location, in the heart of downtown, and very affordable!  Will definitely stay here again.
5	Love it. Just renovated and so classy. Nice service all the way around. I travel every week and this is the most affordable luxury hotels I have stayed.
4	Spacious & clean .No refrigerator or safe on the room.Did not loose anything though .Bring your swimwear with you . The pool is OK and fairly large . 4 people could do lapses with a bit of maneuvering .
5	Booked online for spring break. Had to change reservations about 3 times.  Ended up with a Mode Deluxe Room with the 2 queen-sized beds, as there was 3 of us staying in the one room.  Parking was a breeze. The people at the counter were incredibly nice and let us know our room was available as soon as we checked in.  Up we go!We got to the room, and it was huge! Everything was updated and the beds were the most comfortable I've been in, the pillows soft but supportive. The bathroom was modern and had luxury toiletries, soft toilet paper, a nice shower with great pressure and automated lights that are motion-sensitive.  This means that when you wake up in the middle of the night/morning and it's pitch black in the room and you're hungover and stumbling to make it to the bathroom, the lights turn on so that you have enough light to do anything you need, but it's not blinding or intrusive or painful to anyone - sold.Balcony overlooking the city? sold.A/C that pumped perfectly? sold.They brought up a refrigerator that we had requested during the reservation about 3 minutes after we walked in. This place was gorgeous and modern from head to toe and I don't want to stay anywhere else!
1	Well, this is an embarrassing tale, but one that should be shared:Came here last month for a getaway with my boyfriend. The hotel was well priced, had a good location, and was overall a good place to be. Clean and comfortable.Alas, here's where it went terribly and gets awkward: The maid service stole from me. Why is this embarrassing? Well, she stole condoms from us. We had a new box inside my suitcase. We left for the afternoon and returned to find my suitcase unzipped. The maid had come during this time but we didn't notice anything missing. Later, when it was time to use said condoms, we noticed that five condoms were gone from a new box of 15. This is laughable and ridiculous, but what gave me the creeps me was she had to dig through my things to do this. They're not expensive, that's not the point. I felt very violated having my things gone through. I wish I was making this up, trust me. There's no way this is a mistake, it was a new box. We didn't complain because how do you complain about that without sounding like an idiot and feeling so awkward? It was embarrassing to say the least, but we will not be returning.
4	Awesome modern hotel in a conveient part of town. Very professional, accomodating staff and concierge.
5	I had a week long meeting in the hotel. The inside is very nice and the staff is very accommodating. We were also served snacks and lunch meals. I tried their buffet which had roast amazing. The food was very good and the options even better so everyone could have something for themselves. Great place as its easily accessible by commute too.
5	Great hotel, great rooms, modern, clean, many amenities for the business traveler. Love it here.
2	I travel often and like to stay at Delta Hotel's because of their commitment to customer service. Im fact, I am a "Gold" member of their loyalty program. However, this location has proven to be an exception. Sub-par service. The elevators were broken during my entire visit. The facilities are dated. The bathrooms are tiny. The only good thing about this hotel is its location. There are lots of options for hotels in downtown Montreal - I recommend you stay somewhere else.
3	Since my last post I have been contacted by Delta regarding the issues I raised.  I have to say thay Delta did a good job of dealing with my concerns with respect to the service issues (post check out).  I'm also told that this hotel is slated for some renovations to modernize the facilities.  I do appreciate the efforts taken to contact me via yelp and also via follow-up phone call by Delta - all of which could and should have been resolved before checkout. In fairness I've raised the rating based on Delta's follow-up, however because this happend post stay and until this hotel's various facilities are modernized I have to stick with ***.
5	I stayed in the luxury suite.  Gorgeous room with balcony.  I had access every morning to the luxury breakfast on the top floor with wonderful exquisite food.  I came back to my room every day to luxury chocalates.  The spa is amazing.
4	Going with one of the better deals off Hotwire, my friends and I were placed in the Delta Montreal and it was perfect for our LDW getaway.  The hotel was in a great location.  We were in the vicinity of many bars and restaurants and if we wanted to go somewhere a little further out, we were right in between 2 metro stations.  Parking was a breeze and didn't cost an arm and a leg to keep our car parked there for our stay.  The rooms were also surprisingly large and comfortable.  Three girls in the room, we definitely needed the space.  We were only a walk away from the Quarters des Spectacles, where the film festival was happening - was even able to catch an outdoor movie while we were there.  My only gripe with the hotel was our first night and morning there, one of the elevators was out of service.  It actually seemed like 2 of the 3 elevators were not in working condition.  We waiting about 10 minutes and still no elevator so we resorted to the stairs.  But that wasn't a much easier path as we felt like we kept hitting dead ends.  It probably took us another 10 minutes before we figured how to get back to the hotel lobby - slightly frustrating.  The family on our floor was having the same issue as we ran into each other a couple of times and both groups looked as lost as ever.  There should be better directions leading to the lobby.Other than that, we enjoyed our stay and Delta Montreal will be at the top of my list in terms of hotel considerations if I am ever back in town.
1	I stayed here once and rented 3 rooms, we had a great time but the credit card we used got double charged $1,800 dollars meaning $3,600 charged to the debit at once.  This overdrafted the account and while the hotel reimbursed it (within ten days), they refused to pay the overdraft fees of $300.00.  I feel that any hotel that messes up on a charge THAT large should refund. I won't be coming back here, we spent over $2,000 dollars at the hotel that weekend and they wouldn't refund their mistake.
4	oh Hotel Delta Montreal, you were our week retreat space from the hustle & bustle of our life back home in california. i miss montreal like i miss my childhood neighborhood... filled with memories irreplaceable in a place so versatile & different from life here now. very homey & surrounded by a language so foreign to me... French! because i've never been to Montreal or know many who have traveled to this part of Canada, I was unsure about how safe it is... so automatically I put on my tough girl shoes ready to face any "trouble" that we may need to face. luckily, Delta Montreal felt very safe & was situated on a friendly street amongst condos & businesses in sky rises.   and i did eventually find out that Montreal is one of the safest cities around the world! the hotel is two streets parallel from the famous Ste. Catherine where most shopping, & eating, & drinking happens =) chose this place by finding & reading reviews all over the internet including here on Yelp. the staff is helpful if you ask for help, they don't really jump to their feet to help even if you look confused as fck. that's fine though, didn't bother me much since we did have most of our research done before the trip & pretty much had a good idea on what to do/where to go by using all the tools we brought to canada (maps, tourist books, french-english dictionary, & our iPhone LOL). rooms are nice & cute; very IKEA'd out. i honestly think they got their furniture from there including the bathroom setup. the temperature can be easily controlled & it doesn't take long at all for it to warm up or cool down. there is a 24 hour gym available as well as an indoor pool & spa (those last two close at 9pm? not sure on that). i would definitely recommend this spot since you can easily access Ste. Catherine & if you keep walking about 10-15 mins east you will start to see Old Montreal. so at this hotel you can get best of both towns; newer/historic. a couple blocks west you will be at McGill University where you will see more awesome buildings that remind you of Hogwarts from  Harry Potter lol. north you reach what locals call "McGill Ghetto" which isn't even ghetto at all haha it's just their more suburban area where people live with some key eating spots like Schwartz & Amelio's Pizzeria! Montreal is very picturesque & by staying at this hotel you are in walking distance to all the different faces of the city. went here on the second week of november & weather was manageable with the proper amount of layers. we were fortunate to have sun most of the time we were there with one small session of flurries (no more than an hour) which we loved since we don't get to see snow fall that often. again, i'd recommend this hotel & would not mind staying here again on my next visit! Oh! And free wifi!
