4	Major League Lacrosse is coming to Memorial Stadium in 2012...Home of the Charlotte Hounds!
3	There's a thin line between historic and just plain old, and that line runs through about midfield at American Legion Memorial Stadium.I have attended drum corps shows and lacrosse games at American Legion Memorial Stadium. While drum corps is returning this summer, lacrosse will take center stage as the stadium is the new home of the Charlotte Hounds, Charlotte's new Major League Lacrosse franchise. First the positives: There's not a bad seat in the place, and sightlines are great. The stadium is easy to get to and fairly easy to get into and out of. A new parking deck adjacent to the facility should make parking on-site even easier. The open end of the stadium provides a great view of Charlotte's skyline, an old-school feature that the new breed of ballparks is now seeking to emulate. The latest renovation added a number of chairback seats front and center on the home side, and the playing surface seems to be much improved. That said, the stadium does show its age in a few areas. The bathrooms certainly leave some to be desired. While general admission events that don't sell to capacity still allow for comfortable seating, it gets quite tight when consecutive bleacher seats are sold. I don't know if this is a function of the stadium or its operator, but each time I have been there, the purchase of concessions first required the purchase of tokens, adding a cumbersome second step to the concourse. This practice, plus a few "pinch points" entering and exiting the stands lead to crowded spaces which are difficult to navigate and which I can't imagine are particularly accessible. It's a solid stadium for what it is. Time will tell if once again having a permanent tenant in the Hounds will lead to even more upgrades.
5	I'm a HUGE Charlotte Hounds fan. This is such an amazing venue for them to be playing. The field is immaculate. Beautiful grass and manicured well. Here's the kicker: You just cant' beat the location. Parking is easy with all of the decks for CPCC around. That backdrop....Man. On a good night, the sunset behind the Charlotte skyline is unmatched. Each time makes a memory. The stadium is beautiful. Layered with old stone and old walkways. I love the feeling of walking through the gates. It always makes me feel like I'm attending some historical sporting event each time. The bathrooms are rather dated. Gents, hope you don't mind troughs instead of urinals! Love this stadium and RELEASE THE HOUNDS!
4	Maybe a bit old and not have all the "newest" amenities, but that helps keep the costs down for the teams that play there and the folks that watch the teams there.  Love the Charlotte Hounds games!!!
4	Much older than most of the facilities in Charlotte, Memorial Stadium is still kicking it, right in prime real estate outside the uptown loop (that's 277 for you Noobs). Host to all sorts of events, from the Charlotte Hounds to high-stakes football games - when there are some - the concrete bleachers have seen more than most, and they have a most excellent view of the skyline.A few years ago, it was mentioned the this old girl was going to give way to the new minor league ballpark, but luckily that didn't happen. Instead a section of those bleachers gave way and had to be redone, so she is still hanging in there. Hopefully she will do so for another few decades at least. Maybe we'll go through another basketball team or three by then.
