5	The best personalised service that I have received in town! At the beginning I was a little apprehensive about visiting a salon and a spa hidden behind a store but Beauty Brands proved that that is possible and in a very good way. On the whole the salon-spa was spotless (I look out for these things in a salon, dirty hair lying around and stains turn me off). The spa had those enormous basin-attached pedicure chairs and there was oriental music playing in the background that contributed to the soothing atmosphere in the room. Nooshi, the senior stylist was not chatty but her work spoke volumes about her calibre. She gave me the best hairstyle that I have ever had and a complimentary paraffin treatment with my manicure. She also offered to give me a discount on my next visit. On my way out and picked up the paraphernalia that I use to maintain my nails and I was one happy girl!
5	Love this store. Clean store and has a large selection. I hit it during the liter sales so I got real good prices.
5	Love the deals that they have on hair products. Get on their email list. They send lots of coupons via email and the postal system. Every summer they have the $11.98 liter sale on conditioners and shampoos. LOVE IT!
1	I am sad to say that beauty brands lost a 10 year loyal customer today. I had the WORST experience there at the salon today. After spending close to $200 on products today, I made an appt in the salon after some pushing from my mother, I usually go to Madison Ave for cuts, color etc. They set me up to see "Lamar" at 4pm. I arrive promptly 5 minutes early and they introduce me to Lamar who shakes my hand and walks off. As I am standing there wondering if I should follow or not another girl tells me to head back and she will get me something to drink, I go and sit down and he says "what are we doing with this". It just got worse from there, rude, inconsiderate, nasty comments and 7 minutes later, I told him to stop, picked up my fabulous coach purse and walked away. I spoke with the manager and as polite and understanding and helpful as she was, I will never go back. I have never felt more put down as I did today. I really hope that dude was fired, if I hadn't been soooo stunned by him, I would've let him have it. But being the adult I am I took the high road. Guess I will keep searching for a killer stylist.
5	Great customer service, there is always someone willing to help you find what you need, and every employee is very knowledgeable about the products they sell here at Beauty Brands. So if you can't decide between one product or the other, or you have any questions at all, I highly encourage you to talk to someone.It is a salon-brand store, so nothing here is cheap, but on the same token everything sold here is high quality. I've purchased makeup, shampoo+conditioner, lotion, face wash, and makeup accessories here and have yet to be disappointed in anything I've bought. They do have sales and coupons available most of the time, so keep an eye out on their website or get on their mailing list to take advantage.As far as the salon goes, I've only used it for haircuts + styling, so I can't comment on the multitude of other services offered, but the hair stylists all know what they're doing and will give you a great haircut no matter who you get.Beauty Brands is about as good as you can get for salon services and beauty products, and I cannot recommend them highly enough.
5	First off, the store itself is great and has wonderful pricing. All the experiences I've had with haircare associates has been WONDERFUL. Sometimes the desk clerks can be kinda crabby but oh well. Adalinda is AMAZING. She is one of the most inspiring people I have ever met and she listens to me full heartedly about my life and most importantly, what I want done with my hair! If you ever go here for any hair care, go to Adalinda!!!!
