1	I so badly wanted to like this place...a new bar in my neighborhood that looked like my kind of place.  I was pretty disappointed. The restaurant area itself was pretty boring, nothing special about the decor....only tables, no booths to break up the space.  The bar top did look pretty cool, but we opted to sit on the patio since it was such a nice night.  The main feature of the patio is a pretty nice fire pit, but that's where the good points end.  The patio was very small and the patio furniture was black wrought iron table/chairs - very uncomfortable.  The noise from 59th Ave (a major road) was distracting. We decided to make the most of it and order a drink and some food.  We started with the oo rings, which were the best part of the meal, very large with a nice dipping sauce, but very greasy.  I ordered the Kona Lager, which was also good.  For entrees I tried the BLT - not good, chewy bread, cardboard bacon and salty cottage cheese.  D. ordered the daily special which was the fried chicken.  I did not try it but D. was not pleased.  Service was good.  Our drinks were always refilled and we were checked on often.  The food did come almost immediately after we received our appetizer, which the waitress apologized for.  Service is the only reason I am giving this restaurant 1 star.  We will probably not be back.
2	Nice looking place.  Too bad you can't judge a book by it's cover.  The more you like the looks the more disappointed you will be when you get into the food.  Nice looking place tho.....
2	A red carpet in Glendale?Yeah when we parked we had to walk by some kind of club (in Glendale?) that actually had a red carpet...who knows?Anyways...I drove past Corbin's the other day on my way to Thunderbird park and told myself that I really wanted to try the place. On that very day, one of my best friends said she tried it and thought that my boyfriend and I would like so when it came time to decide on a dinner spot on Friday we opted to try something new! One of the many great things about Yelp is that it has actually enhanced out dining out experience because we start talking about my review the moment we sit down. Corbins has good intentions but the best phrase I can use sum up the place is 'Non-synthetic.' From the warehouse style ceilings to the bar that takes up half of the restaurant space to the only 3 comfortable looking booths, Corbin's really is lacking. Onto the food- The menu looked alright, resembling your typical bar/grill food. My boyfriend wanted to sample the onion rings and like Maggy said, these greasy rings seemed to be the best part of the menu. I tried to fight it but ended up trying 2 and yes they were good, and greasy. For our meals, I went with the Mediterranean salad with chicken and B went with some kind of chicken sandwich. My salad was really good and really fresh actually but B really did not enjoy the sandwich. On the way out of the restaurant we actually both felt sick. B said, "Remind me not to order chicken sandwiches when we go out in the future." Not really the first comments you want after dinner. Why 2 stars? The service was awesome. I don't remember his name but he was awesome and always kept out glasses full and did not slip on my salad, even with all the alterations I had.I doubt we will be back...
2	Had a couple of happy hour apps here, all flavorless. Bacon wrapped scallops: bacon undercooked, scallop overcooked.  Seared Ahi Tuna:  flavorless.  Pork sliders:  Not bad, but not memorable. Service was good. Go to Tutti Santi in the same mall instead.
1	Corbin's has been a disaster from the beginning, literally.  I anxiously waited for their opening day, even with such enthusiasm that I dropped by to get a menu prior to my first dining visit.  I made a visit shortly thereafter only to find that their official hours weren't the same as indicated on the menu.  Big mistake.On later visits, when I was able to eat here, the food was interesting in that it was non-traditional on many accounts, and had good presentation, but was very lacking in taste.  Service was poor, staff was snooty, and I could have sworn that those were 10 ounce mugs used for draft beer at happy hour.  Even if they were 12's, come on, the norm is 16 oz. pint or larger these days.
5	I'm really disappointed at some of the other reviews I'm reading here and they are totally opposite of the experience i had a couple of months ago on a Saturday late afternoon.My boyfriend and i sat at the bar and had a completely delightful experience.  The bartender was friendly and attentive without making us feel like we needed to order.  in fact, dinner was perfectly paced (if you go out to enjoy an evening and aren't just trying to shovel food in your face, that is).  We basically already knew what we wanted before we walked in as we had some friends that had been there the week before, but we still browsed the menu to make sure.  We each got margaritas and we agree that they are the best margaritas we've ever had. They were hand-crafted.  no rose's lime juice around the rim here!  the lime was squeezed around the rim.  Keep in mind this was happy hour, so it cost all of $4.50.  We decided to go with the ahi tuna appetizer.  Being a fan of good sushi, i was hesitant to get ahi at a non-sushi restaurant, but i was not disappointed in the least.  The sauce was great, but didn't drown out the flavor of the tuna and the chips were the perfect complement.When we finished our appetizer, the bartender took our food order.  We both got the surf and turf (crab legs and flat iron steak).  It's a good thing we had time to chat inbetween the appetizer and dinner coming because there was absolutely NO TALKING when food was in front of us as we were too busy enjoying the deliciousness.   during dinner we opted for another round of margaritas because they were oh-so-tasty.I really have no complaints about this place.  It's definitely a place i plan on frequenting, but haven't had the opportunity to go again.  Plans for that soon and i expect to have the same amazing food and service.
3	OMFG! Corbin's...really! What is up with the lame ass music in this place. That was enough for me to deduct a star. Granted i've only been there twice and have ordered the same Mediterranean salad...yum, but the Wait staff is a little snooty and the damn music is a big yawn! Advice: CHANGE THE MUSIC! GET FRIENDLIER STAFF!...Then i might consider coming back...
3	OK place.  Service is spotty..  I like the setup.  Food is a bit on the $$$ side, but I have found it to be better than your pub fare.Good place to go to impress someone perhaps, or get away from a loud obnoxious group of drunks..  I prefer a good dive bar myself..
4	Quiet on a Tuesday. Good service. $$ Good food. Great decor.Corbins west side location offers much of the same great options as their first location in Sunnyslope, but with a little more of the Arrowhead feel. The portions are reasonable, the service was great (of course it was pretty dead that night) & the food is quite tasty but not gonna change your lunch/dinner plans regularly. I may change my mind after a Sunday Brunch visit & tasting a couple of their signature cocktails.
3	Corbin's west side location in Citadelle Plaza is now CLOSED.From 11/19/2009:Quiet on a Tuesday. Good service. $$ Good food. Great decor.Corbins west side location offers much of the same great options as their first location in Sunnyslope, but with a little more of the Arrowhead feel. The portions are reasonable, the service was great (of course it was pretty dead that night) & the food is quite tasty but not gonna change your lunch/dinner plans regularly. I may change my mind after a Sunday Brunch visit & tasting a couple of their signature cocktails.
1	closed.
