1	you go there thinking you will get a good deal but believe me you can do better at Home Depot I bought 3 gas stoves for $349 each plus delivery found better ones at Home Depot for $329 I had already purchased the $349 so it was too late but guess what I'll be at home depot next time.
5	I've always had great service and gotten great appliances there for my rental units, and they deliver and set up without my havng to look over their shoulders and they don't add on a bunch of extras like Home Depot.
5	Great repair service!  When we arrived home after a 4 day vacation we found our refrigerator was too warm. We had to call out repair and I found this company. They came out and diagnosed the problem within 5 minutes. We had also had problems with our ice maker for years. The first day he fixed the ice maker and charged us the service fee, and a part had to be ordered,  but he was able to get the fridge back into cooling mode.  Two days later the tech came out and was in our house for less than 15 minutes. He replaced the broken part. Final cost for repair was $158 (they only charge service call for the first visit).I will use them again and again for appliance repairs. Superior service at fantastic prices.
4	I had purchased the entire kitchen appliances that were used reconditioned appliances with warranty's of six months below  $1200.00 stove, dishwasher, refrigerator and a new microwave included delivery and installation. Good service. AAA++++
5	We had a rental property and the tenants called to say the built-in microwave quit working.  Placed a call to B & B Appliances.  They called my tenant, set up an appointment and called me back with a diagnosis.  The unit had to be replaced.  An estimate was emailed to me and a they followed up with a call to me to review estimate.  Everything was handled by B and B.  Great service!!
5	Friendly, professional and best of all...affordable!I have had them out to my home multiple times over the past year to repair a number of older appliances and they always do a great job the first time.
5	I just had them here to install a new fridge and take away my old fridge they were very nice and the first thing they asked is if we have any dogs or cats so he could shut the door. They came out the next day and gave a call prior to arriving. I would definatly recomend them again.
5	These guys (and gals) are terrific.  Good inventory of high quality second hand goods, in very good condition at good prices with  fast and friendly staff.  Nice folks.
5	Good selection of quality used merchandise, very friendly and cheap delivery. Locally owned but not shady. If you're tired of chasing down the steals on Craig'sList to no avail, give them a shot. You will pay a little more but not much and much more convenient. A friend recommended them to me and I was very pleased.
5	Last week our old, real washer started making horrible sounds.  My wife called BandB and they came out and assessed the machine.  They said given the age and build quality of the machine it would be best to replace it.  We have had bad luck with new machines so we decided to fix the old one.After a little haggling and some missed phone calls B and B gave us a very good quote on the fix and we moved forward.  The parts were ordered, the tech came out and after he assembled things to get it working he figured out the transmission was bad. My wife told them exactly what she wanted out of a new machine and they recommended a Speed Queen.  My wife bought it sight unseen.  It was delivered today;  Water, soap, agitation, just like a washing machine should be.  Read the reviews on Amazon and Consumer Reports from owners, it is a great machine if you are frustrated with Energy Star, HE washers.  There was a cosmetic problem with our, but BandB was calling us to tell us that the parts were on order for it by the time my wife noticed.  If we are still this happy in a week I will be changing this to 5 stars.*Update*Still extremely happy with our new washer.  We bought our machine without even going into the store (I know that sounds crazy but it worked out).
1	Awful service on so many levels. 1. Initial inspector of my broken range knocked on the door and "was waiting around for me for 30 minutes". I was upstairs and heard no knocks. The second he called me I answered and came downstairs. He spent the next fifteen minutes huffing and puffing like a child. 2. After informing me that it would either need to be replaced or repaired, he said he would ask management then schedule the fix. Two weeks later I've heard nothing so I call management who calls them to finally schedule a replacement. 3. The guy shows up today (could've swore we scheduled for the following day (Thursday)) no matter though I was home. He comes in and takes out the old stove, I was in my office working. He yells up that I should sweep where the stove was now if I want to. Thought this was odd and I'm very busy this morning, so I said thanks and kept working. Come down to sign the paper when he's done, and find that there is debris, dirt, and grunge strewn all across my kitchen tile and into the carpeted area. Also, all of the pans/pots that were in the old stove are just placed randomly all over the counter tops. Hey B and B: success is in the details, like having the decency to sweep up your own mess and put pots and pans where they were. Sure hope this isn't how they ordinarily conduct their business, if so...it seems a grim road ahead.
5	Boom, just dropped off my stove that no one on the planet could figure out how to get it to work with propane and not only did it only cost me $70 but they did the work same day!  What else is there to say??  I am so pissed that I spent money to have 2 other people come out and take my money to leave me with a stove that still does not work.  I am such in a good mood that I dont have to get screwed anymore, thank you B&B!  Also if you are looking for used applicances they have a large showroom and even back thier stuff up with a warranty.  I was ready to purchase a stove top from them if they could not fix it but they rocked so I will have to buy something else from them.  I like building a relationship with a quality company and will definitely come back.
1	Store manager Clinton does not represent Michael Bollig's vision of friendly or professional as stated on the website. Clinton was extremely rude, disrespectful, and accusatory. While arranging the delivery of my dryer we encountered a miscommunication and the coordination of delivering my dryer became complicated. Instead of Clinton taking responsibility for the miscommunication he made every excuse in the book and tried to pass the blame onto me. As I tried to explain the situation he talked over me, raised his voice and was very condescending. I expressed my dissatisfaction with his lack of customer service; however he did not seem to care. On the other hand, the delivery driver was very nice and accommodating. He waited over an hour for me to get home to make up for the miscommunication. I appreciated that greatly and displayed my gratitude with a tip. I was disappointed to notice a ding on my wall from the installation of my dryer after he left. I guarantee Clinton has cost B&B Appliances a lot of money by his lack of customer regard and therefore loss of future business. He could definitely benefit from some coaching regarding customer service and professionalism. I never post on yelp, but here I am 9 hours later still astonished by the worst customer service I have EVER encountered. http://www.linkedin.com/today/post/article/20130604134550-284615-15-statistics-that-should-change-the-business-world-but-haven-t
1	Horrible experience. The manager and technician could not get their prices right on how much it would cost to diagnose and repair our microwave. First it was $40.00 to diagnose than changed to $45.00 same story with the cost of repair and part. After they had the microwave for 4 days and still had not looked at it we gave up and decided to pick our microwave up. They couldn't find the microwave, couldn't find the technician, didn't remember where they put the darn thing. I would not recommend these people at all. BTW we ended up ordering the part from appliancepartspro who was fantastic and fixed it ourselves. Lesson learned.
5	I just purchased a stove from B&B last week. When I went into the store, Rhonda was extremely helpful. The delivery was prompt and the driver very nice. I am thrilled with my stove (I didn't realize how poorly my other one was operating).  I feel like I got a quality product at a fair price-with a warranty-and I would definitely recommend this store.
1	If I could give negative stars I would. I live in a rental property and the property management company has contracted this company to the repairs on appliances in my home. The first time the gentleman came out, he chose not to fix the main problem with one of my appliances. Now they want me to take a second day off of work so that they can come back and fix it. I do not want to waste my vacation on a company that can't fix something the first time. I already used one day why do you get two? I feel is though B&B thinks that since they can get double the service fee for making two visits that's wonderful for their business. What about the consumer?  I am going to try telling my boss tomorrow that I'm going to show up to work within a 4 hour window. I wonder how long he will let me keep my job. The customer service was horrible. The initial service that they provided when they were in my home the first time was horrible. Hence the reason for the need for a second visit. The lack of flexibility and understanding in regards to people's lives was absolutely horrible. I will never use this company and will do my best to ensure that absolutely everywhere I go everyone knows not to use them as well.
1	b&b appliances  don't do any any business with these idiots!!!!
