1	This restaurant was okay the first time I ate there, but I returned yesterday and was extremely disappointed. Two of my friends ordered the full breakfast and not only were their eggs undercooked (the whites were still raw and runny), but there was MOLD on their toast! They told the waitress and she brought them new bread. I ordered the haggis roll and got two gray pieces of haggis on a cold hamburger bun that you could buy in the store. When we went to pay the bill I saw they had charged me an extra 60p for my sandwich, so we asked the waitress why and she said I had ordered an extra topping. I told her I had only had the haggis and she replied that the haggis IS the extra topping! A plain hamburger bun with NOTHING on it is 1.95, and anything you put on it is an additional 60p. Either the menu is very misleading or she had no idea what was going on because I have never heard of that before. She was incredibly rude about it and said, "Well you're wrong, but whatever" and took the 60p off the bill. Terrible place, my friends and I will never return.
2	The Olive Tree was a pleasant caffeine stop before my band's late night gig recently in Edinburgh. We were attracted by the exterior which was welcoming and cosey! Upon arriving, it seemed the staff were surprised to see us! And it was empty besides a couple having food. We didn't let this put us off and indulged in some lattes!Despite being almost empty, a few of the tables were yet to be cleaned and that the staff still stood idly by. The cakes looked lovely but the cabinet wasn't the cleanest either which made us reluctant to come back and try them. The toilet consisted of one large room which was dirty and lacking in toilet roll. Otherwise, my chai latte was lovely!
1	My husband and I stopped in here for a coffee enroute to another appointment.  The exterior looked nice and inviting but it was a bit different inside.  When we stepped through the door the place was totally empty apart from two members of staff having food and working on a lap top, they looked a bit surprised to see us but stopped eating and showed us to a table.  There was no music on which left the place silent and a bit unwelcoming.  They did put music on after taking our coffee order which helped certainly, as it did with a couple of other folk arriving. The late and mocha both looked the part in nice tall glasses but didn't taste the best.  It was super sweet with no real chocolate flavour, I wonder if it was cheap hot chocolate powder? I never finished my mocha, which is unheard of!Looking around, you get the impression that this little bistro has once been loved but it feels like the relationship is over, there were light bulbs out in every light fitting and a general tired feeling for the place.
