5	After experiencing a horrifying car vs. loose dog accident on the I-17, I ended up with some pretty serious damage to my vehicle.  After taking the car to my preferred shop, they informed me the damage was pretty extensive and needed body work.  They recommended I-17 Collision, and I agreed to have them tow the car to their shop on Peoria and 23rd Ave.Communication with the folks at I-17 was great.  I dealt exclusively with Marcina and Xavier, and both were always pleasant, professional, and knowledgeable.  They kept me up-to-date on the progress of the repairs with almost-daily phone calls and explained to me exactly what was going on.It's great to know that the businesses I frequent and trust are able to recommend other businesses of the same caliber.  I will be happy to take my car to I-17 Collision again should I ever require their services and will be more than happy to recommend them to others.  Thank you, Marcina and Xavier, for making a terrible experience so much easier to deal with!
5	Really nicely greeted as I walked in. They were able to serve me pretty quickly. They answered all of my questions on the spot and told me everything they were seeing as they came up. Was very honest as far as I can tell. Was referred here through my insurance but I would definitely come back again regardless.
5	Xavier and his guys were awesome. We asked for a quote to fix the door lock on our 06 Nissan Murano. He gave me a fair quote and when it came time to fix it, his guys did a great job. Clean installation and repair.Thanks Xavier. We will come back for all our bodywork needs.
5	When my bumper was torn off, I-17 provided prompt and efficient service. Everyone I spoke to was helpful. Price was very reasonable (AAA discounts work here) and was even less than quoted because of unneeded parts. When I picked up my car it was immaculate! I honestly hope I never have to call I-17 Collision again, but if I HAVE to, I have no worries about the quality of service I will receive. My thanks to Kevin, Brittany and the whole team.
