5	Coolest toy store ever! Has a lot of specialty toys like Briar Horses which can be hard to find. A huge Barbie selection and free wrapping. The service is great and the people really do know what is in their store. It always has nice window displays and it draws the inner kid in you inside immediately. Slightly expensive, but no higher than other specialty toy stores.
4	Would you like that gift wrapped? Why, yes, yes, I would. Did you know that they offer complimentary gift wrapping? This service will come in handy during the holiday season!This is a locally owned toy store for children of all ages. I recently made a last minute stop and found an adorable stuffed animal for a baby gift. It was difficult to choose just one because they have a large assortment. I'll need to roam the store when I have more time since it is a large space filled with lots of toys...I'm sure my inner child will have some fun. With the holidays around the corner, if you have a kid on your list, this store is sure to please. While you might not find a circular with coupons from here in the newspaper, the prices are affordable and has something at every price point.
4	Great toy store!
5	Just awesome. Between all of the books (and stuffed companion characters), the toys, the games, the puzzles, the barbies, the puppets, the teddy bears, madame alexander and ugly dolls... you could spend hours in this place. From newborns to well, the kid in all of us - this toy shop has you covered. It's one of the first places that comes to mind when I'm in need of a gift for a child, though I usually end up reading a book my parents used to read me or standing in awe of the awesome selection of science to jewelry creating and make-up play sets kids have these days. (Then part of me wonders if those volcano making kits are still as messy as they used to be...) I'm pretty sure it's impossible to leave this place without a perfect gift in hand, at any price point. If you do bring your children along to shop with you they have plenty of play areas to keep them occupied while you browse nearby, and all of the employees are super helpful (yes, like jump at the chance to climb up on the shelves to triple-check they do or don't have a certain stuffed animal in stock).
5	An excellent toy store that was born in NC (Greensboro to be exact) nestled in the Cotswold shopping plaza. Considering it's been open a few years, I'm really tardy for the party that is Toys & Company. The store is bright, big, and bustling with all kinds of sensory stimuli of the imaginative and creative kind. If you have small children, tweens, or are a big kid yourself -like moi- you will appreciate and enjoy this store. With a welcoming staff and play areas, parents/grandparents who use kiddie leashes can leave 'em at home because you'll want the lil ones to wander in the wonder here.Also, free wrapping! Awesome much?
5	What kind of toy store can you go to in Charlotte, where you're looking for a weenie-dog purse for a little girl, and find it?  Find it along with Playmobil, Squinkies and a toy for every age group imaginable! I like how friendly the staff are, and in-touch with the hot toy trends.  Prices are about right/standard for a toy store...but the selection is really cool.  You can get tiny charms, or rubber pigs...board games and costumes and Hello Kitty.  It's also a big plus for the shop to be locally owned-- it's a nice change from the big box toy stores, or WalMarts of the world.
3	It is a really nice toy store, they have everything you can imagine.  The problem I had today was, I went in to buy my daughter a gift and once I got in the store not one person acknowledge that I was there no greeting no nothing.  I looked around any way because I wasn't there for the associates.  They were all in a bunch talking about every day life and there is nothing wrong with that but as long as a customer is not present.  For the most part what I saw today was parents take their kids there to run around while they sit and socialize.  Again nothing wrong with that, as long as the kids aren't every where and someone is actually watching them.  The kids today were every where it was awful.  So I resumed my shopping, I stood waiting for someone to help me I finally saw someone and for some crazy reason thought he was going to help me, well he didn't he picked up a toy and walked away.  Wow, I know you are supposed to acknowledge and help the customer right?  Needless to say by this point I was just going to walk away but I found a toy that I knew my baby would like so I bought it, had I not taken the time to go here I would have just walked away again nice toy store awful staff.  I will not be returning.
1	The other day I gave this place two more stars than today and that's because I sent an email to the company and the response wasn't great.  The manager informed me that a larger than normal group of kids came so that's why the staff was off their game, ok fine but just know that the same staff that she's referring to was the same one who was just standing around talking and picking their fingers.  They were not paying attention to the parent-less kids or the customers, I will not be going back at all.
4	Playmobil,Thomas,Chuggington just to name a few. They have the toys that you can and can't find at the large Chain stores. Excellent Customer Service. My son and I can always find something for him that he can play with for years to come. I only wish they would open a store in the Lake Norman area. If they decide to grow the large toy stores in the greater Charlotte area would be in trouble.Keep your Toy dollars local.
5	I was pleasantly surprised by the great attention to detail that this store makes to ensure that girls have a wonderful experience. From the hospital to the hair salon my daughter enjoyed every part of it. Of course, this will only be a once a year visit but one that will create great Mommy-n-Me memories!
