4	I'm a bit of a dry cleaning novice. I can count on one hand the number of times I've used a dry cleaner. I've always tried my best to avoid the extra cost (a.k.a I'm Cheap.), and on a few occasions made the terrible discovery that I, in fact, do not possess the skills or tools necessary to dry clean my own clothes. Yes, shrinkage occurred, and it unfortunately was irreversible.So, I figured now was the time to hang-up my sad attempts at home dry cleaning and take my favorite pair of slacks to a professional.  This particular place was mere minutes from my house, so I thought I'd give them a shot.  I brought them in on a Tuesday, and was greeted by a nice, older gentleman, who I believe was the owner. I pointed out to him that one pair of slacks had some grease stains on them, and he said, "no problem, I'll make sure and work on those." He then asked what day I'd need them back. I was in no rush, so I said whenever. He mention the following Monday, which I thought was kind of a long time for dry cleaning, but I was in no hurry, so I said that would be fine.  Before I left, he told me that if I needed the pants sooner, just to call him and he'd have them ready for me. Monday came, and they were all ready and grease-free. YEAH! The cost was pretty reasonable: $10.25 for two pants. And, as the owner handed me my receipt, he kindly said, "and you have yourself a great week." Such a simple statement, but it left me in such a nice mood. It's amazing how a smile and a kind statement can make all the difference. And because of that, I'll keep coming back to Debonair Cleaners.P.S. They also do alterations.
3	Very nice guy (except: read below) and good prices. But when I went to collect my altered pant there were stains on it that werent there before. When I pointed it out the guy didnt even want to look at the pant and tried to ignore it. That was really unprofessional.
1	Charge $5 a piece to dry clean and light starch that I could have washed in cold water but I wanted that fresh clean new look... Also charged  $9 for machine washable  PJ set, I looked at my receipt and asked what was the 9 dollar charge for I don't have a suit as written on the bill, it was washable cotton PJ's. as for refund he gave me 7 of my nine dollars back and I haven't even left the store, what $ 2 charge for refund, extortion!!! PIRATE'S!!!
