4	I've finally found a place in Pittsburgh that stays open past 2am! For years now I thought that there was an unwritten rule that all nightlife had to end at 2am.Zen feels like a club uprooted from NYC that just hasn't been adopted by Pittsburgh yet. It's very chic inside and I like the strict dress code which makes sure everyone inside actually look like they're supposed to be at a club, not a house party.I'm not sure what the cover is since we got bottle service. It was 2 bottles for a party of 10 in the main area, which is a pretty sweet deal especially with $80 Absolut bottles on Friday night. The music didn't get good until after midnight, which is when I think they switched DJs, and more hip-hop and R&B started playing. With their hours open until 3:30am, they probably didn't want to exhaust all their good tunes too early before the crowd came in. Also, the crowd didn't get lively until 1am, which is probably when people from the other about-to-close clubs start flowing in.The specials there were pretty decent too. $2 wells and $1 miller lites before midnight on Friday and since the place doesn't get populated before then, ordering a drink at the bar was pretty easy.
5	Thursdays- no cover. It can be dead sometimes, but this isn't your usual "college night" type place. The drinks are fairly priced and the atmosphere is great. Weekends- this is when this place gets rockin. Guest DJs occasionally headline and Digital Dave always brings the party. The staff is nice and friendly and wait times are never bothersome, even at the busy front circle bar. It's also nice that this place is open until 3a.
3	Last night was my first time at Zen.  Although I had fun, there were some things that could've went better...1.  The music wasn't very good.  Awkward transitions sometimes (the worst cases were when the DJ just stopped the song and started playing something else) and not a lot of newer stuff/hip hop.  I'm not saying I don't like older music (i.e. Michael Jackson "Don't Stop Til You Get Enough" and Jennifer Lopez "Waiting for Tonight" were fun), but there weren't that many songs that really made me feel like I HAD TO dance.  Me and members of my group found ourselves taking a break/standing around/checking our phones when the music got sort of ho hum.2.  No coat check (that night).  One of the workers gave us the reason of, "Our coat checker didn't come in to work" as why they couldn't take coats.  So ordinarily they do, but in the event that their coat check person doesn't show... they don't.  We left ours under a little end table and got them at the end of the night just fine though.3.  I didn't see anything on their website about last night being a special event or anything, but there was some "Pittsburgh Hometown Hottie"? contest.  Kind of annoying because the music stopped and the DJs/judges/contestants were talking... I doubt most of the people really cared.  Props to the 51 year old contestant though!4.  There was a looong line for the restrooms.  I went with my sister, decided I didn't want to go/wait and got some water.  She told me it was disgusting inside.On the plus side though, the decor is pretty nice (we noticed the Buddha is missing a hand though).  Drinks are reasonably priced (like $2 for a mixed drink).  Most people on the dance floor were dancing (except when the beauty contest was going on).  They are open late ('til 3:30) so if you want to stay out longer, it's the place to go.Miscellaneous other stuff: The cover was $7 (Saturday night, got in before midnight).  Our group had a good chuckle about the punctuation on the sign which said, "VIP Members Only..!" (trailing off and exclaiming)I would go back to Zen, but it definitely wouldn't be my first choice.
4	I just moved here from the DC area this past Summer, and the only thing I have found in Pittsburgh, that has a bigger city vibe is Zen (granted I haven't been to that many places yet). People: There is a diverse crowd. But there are definitely a few stereotypes present, such as the gold diggers, wearing super short tight dresses. I went on two separate occasions and saw them in the same tight dresses just hovering ALONE around the VIP tables. It was actually entertaining to watch. Drinks: Coming from DC...anything is better than $10 for a drink.Music: Im pretty sure the DJ has not updated his ipod since 2004. You hear some new favorites from Rihanna, Beyonce...but you'll also hear Nelly circa 2002 and Ashanti (what??).....I was just waiting to hear City High "Caramel" and totally relive my freshman year of college. I guess it works for the predominantly 25+ crowd that frequents the location. Parking: Is a hike, unless you valet or cab it! I think the flat rate is $12 downtown. Cover: I've always known someone that knows someone at the door. But I think the cover is $10?Ambiance: Good for Pittsburgh, they keep it classy. There is a lounge feel, though its mostly a tables and dance venue. There is also a private VIP balcony with more tables. But unless you have a big group its slightly boring up there.The best feature is that it stays open until 3:30AM!
4	I recently visited Zen for New Year's when a friend of mine from Chicago came to town.  He introduced me to the whole "club" scene and I've learned the pro's and con's of visiting such a joint.  Unlike some clubs, bottle service didn't seem to be a necessity and it was actually pretty easy to get a drink from the bar.  However with all clubs, I always prefer bottle service because you never have to wait for the next pour!  Though I'm not too sure how much they charge to enjoy this pleasure, it sort of let me down.  The line for "VIP" was pretty short, but it still took the guys a few minutes to get us in to our buddy's table which I never understand.  The line seemed pretty manageable for the walk-ins though which is always a plus.The staff was not real helpful when it came to accommodating the bill (I assume being a pretty hefty one!).   Having said that it was not real hard to get a drink from the bar despite being New Year's and a fairly full crowd, I figured the waitress would be around a little more often to see how things were going.  Though I'd prefer to just pour my own if it's in front of me, I wasn't asked by the waitress at all if I needed a refill or if we needed anything.  After celebrating the ball drop, we had a little accident and a glass shattered on the floor.  Being the responsible guy I am, I approached the bar to get a shot (in efforts of achieving the same mindset of my company) and to ask the bartender to send the waitstaff by to clean up the glass before someone slipped while busting a move.  She acknowledged me pretty quickly and got me that necessary shot.  I told her what had happened and she said somebody would be by shortly to take care of it.  I was thrilled that I could come to a club and have my request answered so promptly.  I then went to the bathroom and figured it'd be cleaned up by the time I returned.The wait for the bathroom was pretty terrible and I definitely think they need to add another set (guys and gals) on the other side of the place.  However, the cleanliness and staff inside the bathroom turned my frown upside down!  For being New Year's and fairly crowded, I figured the bathroom would be trashed.  I found it in exceptional order for being filled with us drunks.  I was recognized by the service inside as soon as I was looking for a towel and the guy was real friendly.  We did the ceremonial bathroom visit chat and I went on my way. I returned to find not only that the mess remained, but to find out no one even came by.  Our group was working on our second bottle and a bottle of champagne, so no one else seemed to mind much.  The crowd was dancing to the usual dance club tunes and we were not an exception.  We had some room around our table to move around which is always great.  The crowd was pretty diverse, but seemed relatively reserved.  All and all, with the exception of the table service waitstaff, I'd certainly recommend this stop to anyone looking for a night similar to one in a big city.  The club feel of the place was certainly unique in Pittsburgh with all of the bars on Carson.
4	This is probably my favorite place in Station Square. Zen is a trendy place, that's well aware of its place within the upper echelon (such as it is) of Pittsburgh dance clubs.It's a huge space, low-lit with a couple pretty huge bars so it's easy to get a drink. If you want to get bottle-service it's not difficult to secure. The crowd is well-dressed; you're not going to find kids in cargo shorts. The male:female ratio isn't always right but the crowd itself is relatively diverse.The main dance floor gets pretty packed towards the middle and end of the night. Like most places in Pittsburgh, the music selection isn't exactly cutting-edge. It's standard top-40 and yes, you will also probably hear MJ a few times during the night. (Not that I don't love me some Billie Jean).
1	This is hard for me.  Because I had a bad time at this club about a year ago and then the owner Mike contacted me and "made it right."  So I felt so loyal to go.  This club just looks so AWESOME.    Plus the fact its open until 3:30am makes it great!  The DJ is good too.  The bouncers have treated me good.  Drink specials can be good too.  Lastnight was Saturday night and it was $1.00 ANY drink AND FREE Admission till 12 midnight.  I've spent nearly $10,000.00 in this club within the past year.  I always get bottles.  Typically I would deal with a guy named Lito.  It was so easy to deal with him. I'd txt him...tell him what I needed and when.  That was it...done.  Apparently something happened with Lito and he is no longer in charge of VIP/Bottle service.  A girl named Nicole Palumbo has no taken it over.  Nicole called me and left me a message a few weeks ago to see if I was coming to VIP.  I was out of town on business so I couldnt make it then.  Saturday Aug 06 at about 6pm I put on Zen's facebook page that I would please like a bottle of Kettle One UPSTAIRS.  I then called the VIP # that I have.  10pm I never hear back from Zen but tell my 3 girlfrineds and 1 male friend to meet me at Zen.  We all have good job and just wanted a night out.  I've never had a problem with the dress code at Zen.  I wear Abercrombie shirts ...flip flops...Under Armour visor...all pink.   It's just me.  I play football and wear business suits for work.  I just wanna sporty comfy. My male friend had on dress slacks and dress shirt.   The 3 girls I was with had dresses on.  About midnight I go looking for the VIP waitress to see I can purchase the bottle now.  I see the DJ who says HELLO BRANDI.   So that was coool.  I also found one waitresss who said that they were gettin my bottle.  I said okay I will be over at the bar.  I returned to my friends and continued to talk to them.  About 30mins later NICOLE PALUMBO finds me at the bar and tells me that there is no room upstairs unless I want to purchase *3* bottles.  I said NOOOOOOOO I dont' need 3 bottles.   There was only 5 in my group and it was like 2am at this point.  I think said..."No biggy....if you can just bring the bottle down here and bring a few bracelettes so I can use the restroom upstairs...that would be awesome."   I was happy.  I was in such a great mood.  20 mins later.....3 big bouncers and Joe come and tell me that I've gotta leave.  I asked wy but they couldnt give me an answer.  I then sai d..."ok..no biggy let me crab my friends here...and I will gladly leave.".  We left .....walked a few blocks...and went to CLUB WHIM and FINALLY got our BOTTLE!  They treated us so good over at Whim.  I am not sure whats up with Zen.  I think it might have been racial.  I am going to file a lawsuit tomorrow morning.  I also contacted the LCBO.   Please if you have had any problems...email me unixgirl@Hotmail.com
2	What's a social club?Zen is a dirty dance club.Vices required.(b)
1	seriously? this place sums up what is wrong with pittsburgh. this place and diesel.
