4	Went on the afternoon segway tour.  Lots of fun!  Got checked out and learned the how to control the segway  at Station Square .  The leader will give you headphones that you wear underneath the bicycle helmet they also give you to wear, so that as you tour thru downtown Pittsburgh, he can tell you about the architecture of some of the historic buildings and fun facts about the city. The first hour of the tour is a little slow because you are winding your way thru congested downtown streets, but most people are very friendly and will give way to you.  We all found that our feet started falling asleep because you control the segway partially with your feet depnding on how much pressure you put in different area...front of feet forward, heels backwards. You take a break at the river on the North Shore and rest for a few minutes after the 1st hour and the guide removes the governor that  will control your speed on the segway.  The second half was more fun because you could go faster with out so many people.  On the whole, 2 thumbs up.  less 1 star because all of our feet were hurting afterwards ( but not too bad ;D )
4	The review by Jennifer C. is spot on. I had a very similar experience. I'm from Pittsburgh and taking a 'tour' of my hometown seemed odd at first, but this was definitely a unique way to get around town. The only reason I didn't give this more stars though was that I have to say this adventure was more Segway, less tour. Riding the Segway was a ton of fun (especially after they turned off the speed limiter) but there wasn't much to the tour itself. The guide pointed out a few interesting facts here and there, but I was hoping for more.
5	I took the new adventure tour which is a 4 hour tour that starts at their facility in Station Square, goes to the Heinz History Museum (30 minute stop), then onto the Aviary (another 30 minute stop) and then a stop for Ice Balls (5 minutes) and then at the Point (30 minutes between lunch and photos at the point) before heading back. You have to arrive 30 minutes in advance and you do get to zip around their little indoor test track so consider that bonus time on the segway.I went on an Amazon Local half price deal (for $50) which made this a five star deal, despite having to pay $5 for taxes at checkin. If this was full price, I would rank it 4 star. They could make it better by:1) Increasing the amount of time at Heinz History Museum 2) Leaving the Aviary stop the same (I personally think its too long, but some people may like that place more than me)3) Choosing a nicer place to break for a longer lunch, maybe in a different orderSo basically increasing the length of the tour a bit so you end up in Station Square a little bit later. It starts at 9:30 and finishes at 2, I think if they started at 10:30 and ended at 4pm it would be better. They do bill this adventure tour NOT as a sightseeing tour as they don't really tell you about the sights, you just zip around. And for that it's a good tour, you do get a lot of quality time on the segway. I also enjoyed it enough that even as a local I'd like to come back and do their nighttime tour to see the sights at night on the tour. In addition, Sarawesome (her self given title :)) is a good tour guide and emailed some tips and the itinerary prior to the tour.Overall I'd recommend it -- especially if you can get it at a discount or they tweak the itinerary some. And for Arrested Development fans, yes, you may feel a little like Gob but it's still a lot of fine and very easy to ride the new Segway I2s that Segway in Paradise uses. Finally, it is a LOT of standing for most of the four hours, so while its not that grueling you will probably be a little bit tired at the end of the tour.
5	This way a blast!  My wife and I did the two hour tour on  7/13/13 at 8pm as a part of our weekend getaway.Dan and Sarah did a great job with the tour.  The only downside to the tour is my feet started to hurt after a little while.  Just keep moving your feet and picking them up a little as your navigate around the city streets.  Sarah did a great job blocking traffic but be sure you also keep a look out for those crazy Pittsburgh drivers.  I hope to do the four hour tour the next time we visit Pittsburgh.Be sure to show up 30 mins before you schedule tour start time.  This is to sign the release forms and get familiar with Segway before you actually start the tour.  This is very important or you will piss off the rest of the people in your tour who showed up on time.
5	Pittsburgh is a real gem. Although I would never want to leave my home in Manhattan, I was so happy to see the sites of this beautiful city. Dominic was our tour guide and I have never had such a blast on a tour like this. The name of the other gentleman who took us on the tour escapes me but he was great too. He had glasses and short hair and a cool personality. This is a great tour and is way more informative than ones I have taken in other cities. These guys rock!
3	I've done the Original Downtown tour with Segway in Paradise 3 times now.  I'm not a crazy segway addict, but I think it's a great way to show friends the city when they come visit.  The frustrating thing is that all 3 times were completely different experiences depending on the tour guide-- both in terms of the content (amount of city trivia, history, etc) and enjoyability of the ride for new users (knowing they won't get hit by cars or anything if they're not in some crazy rush to keep up.)  One was fantastic, another "pretty good", and the other pretty mediocre-- to put it generously.  As a participant, I'm not sure there's a good solution since you have no say in who does the tour beforehand.  Overall a good time though; I'll probably still bring people there, I just wish it was more reliably awesome.
