3	a smaller than normal toys r us. it was really packed today 2 weeks before christmas but unfortunately they had very limited selection of "Tech Deck" toys and NO Bakugan toys so I was in & out without making any purchases.
3	Came here today to get some of my Xmas shopping done and had fun looking at all the new toys for the kiddo's. It was surprisingly tidy. Thats not usually how a toy store is. But it was nice not having to trip over things. I found some items after being helped by some teenager..who was also very nice. My only problem was with the cashiers. They only had 2 lines open and it was the 1st day for both the girls. Lame! So it took forever to check out. They should have more than 2 open and have some people who know what they are doing.I also came here last year for Black Friday and scored some crazy good deals..but it was a zoo. Hopefully I wont have to go this year but I most likely will. I am a sucker for a good sale. Lets pray the cashiers get alot of practice before then!
4	Super hot today and so many cranky kids at the toy store!  Went in on a mission to find Cars toys for my son for being well behaved at a bridal store.  The display was right at the front near the register.  Had a sale today for a buy $25 any car toys and receive a free Lightning McQueen die cut car...score!  Bought $30 worth of cars and since the store ran out of the free car, they gave me another similar car for free.  Great customer service here!  I remember buying a kitchen for my son last Christmas and the one we wanted was out of stock so they gave us one that was worth about a couple hundred more for the same price!!!!  Great store...does what it takes to keep customers leaving happy:)
4	I go to this Toys R Us because it's the closest to my house and the only store in our proximity that carries a decent selection of Thomas the Tank Engine toys. The people who work here are generally friendly and willing to help you find anything you might need. Prices are average with great sales going on every once in a while, and while they seem to carry a pretty decent selection, I have had trouble finding a few things I need here. The reason why I'm giving them four stars, as another reviewer stated, is their customer service skills. I usually keep coupons on me for stores like this in case my son is being extra good (rare, but it happens). It just so happens that when I pulled my coupon out it was a few weeks expired. They send coupons out like this all the time, so I was disappointed knowing I'd probably had one just like this at home. The lady at the register told me if I brought back the receipt and the coupon, she'd refund me the 20%. I thought this was a great deal, especially because she knew I was going to buy the toy no matter what. I'll keep going back to this store - they know how to take care of their customers.
2	I don't want to grow up!No, not because I am/was a Toys R Us kid.  Rather, because I don't want to take my kids there.  It's like a total deathtrap:1.  Your kids finds something they want.  No, scratch that: something they REALLY REALLY REALLY want.  You tell them one of the following: (A) no 2 year old should have a $500 ATV, (B) how many Squinkies do you NEED? or (C) you already have 3 of those at home!  Next comes the whining.  Then come the tears.  Finally the tantrum.  Tell me you haven't seen this sight on your last visit (yeah, it was probably my son rolling on the floor, so please excuse us).2.  You can never find any____ (insert phrase).  Yeah, they have a tag saying it should be there, but it's not.  Yeah, they have the item you want, but there's no price tag for it.  Yeah, you can't figure out if you the Easy Bake Ultimate will work with the non "Ultimate" version you just bought last year but there's no one else in the store who knows either.  Fantastic.  Self-serve big box retailer.  New business model?3.  The place is a disaster.  Did Katrina hit and mix all the products up?  Was there a riot that wiped out the shelves?  WTF?  I can find virtually anything in a Walmart - home of 10 bazillion SKUs - but I can't find the Baby Alive spoon that is the only item on earth designed to fit in that freaking toy but I see the hang tags and yet there's nothing in a 12 inch radius from it!?!  Someone needs to clean this place up and stock the damn shelves.HOWEVER...although I can't stand shopping in this store, I have to admit that any problem I have had was swiftly and readily remedied by the employees.  Sure, they look like they're still in high school and couldn't care less about my situation.  But at the end of the day, they work out the problem.  Now if only they could take care of my kids...or sell them.
5	Sings...I don't wonna grow up Im a Toys R us Kid...lmaoThe staff at this location are the BEST...This means they happy and willing to help you. They seem to enjoy children and love the pit tee pat sound of cute lil feet. And I'm not a kid but they even spoil me. They help me find my games Xbox 360 Elete or Wii even Nintendo DSI...games.Should I need or want some dolls that my lil cousin sent me for. Shes only 6 BTW...she lives in Memphis TN so she sends me with a list of her wants and they always are more than helpful. So I'm able to make a quick choice put it in a box and ship it off to Memphis. I love the store and the staff.
3	Why can't there be more toy stores in town?This location is usually busy thus the place is usually a wreck and it's warm and stuffy. I think of all the snotty kids hands on everything and the warm stale air just growing some new strain of brat flu. Don't get me wrong, kids are great. I tend to deal better with just a few at a time, and when their parents actually discipline them.My husband loves to check out the Star Wars and Lego stock from time to time so we head here more than necessary. I had a sweet Groupon that had to be used before Christmas and needed to buy some toys for Christmas presents, so it couldn't have worked out better. They apparently have a points card to sign up for, when did that start? We got one. The prices on toys are best when there are sales. Workers are usually hard to find out on the floor. Check out is usually not to bad. BTW the restrooms are usually gross, go somewhere else if you can wait.
4	Right now theyre having a clearance sale. Usually i find the prices here expensive, but i just found a toy for $1 cheaper than biglots! (Its a small buZz lightyear toy). I usually only shop here if theres a particular toy i need & cant find elsewhere because its expensive. However, it is a tidy store with decent customer service. So if you dont mind high prices, check it out.
4	Toys R Us just doesn't seem the same to me as it did when I was a kid, but it's still a pretty cool place.  There isn't too many places where you can find nearly the selection of toys and games.  I used to love coming to Toys R Us as a child and now I am seeing that sort of WOW factor when my child walks in.  Brought my kid here when he earned some allowance money and it was funny to watch him be overwhelmed by the choices he had available to him.  We spent an hour trying to decide what to buy with about $50.  Yes the toys here can be expensive, but generally not overpriced comparing to other toy stores.  We also bought a bike here for my kids 4th bday and it was nice that Toys R Us staff built the bike and had it ready for pickup so I didn't have to do it.  Birthdays, and Christmas shopping for kids, I will always come to Toys R Us first.
1	So let me just say I never ever write reviews but I'm so upset at the customer service I received at this location it's ridiculous! WentTo service desk to Register for my baby (first child) and woman asks me what I'm wanting to register for, I told her everything and proceeded to tell me that they didn't really have a big selection and maybe I would be better off going across the street to babies r us...Wow ok so if her goal was to send me away and deter me she did a great job and then she mentioned that she didn't have any free bie packages for new mothers to give me, omg! I wasn't looking for anything free all I wanted was to be registered at Toys r us for my friends and family to help celebrate our joy of our first child. I will not be Registering there at all! Ever!
1	First off , I've always liked going to Toy R US as a kid and as an adult. But today with the customer service I received from this particular store. I will not be signing up for my baby registry which I am pretty sure would have brought in some much needed business for Toy R Us .. Thanks to the idiots running the store who brush off a customer service complaint ..  Have a nice day
2	Absolutely no sales staff on the floor, in the entire store. We had some trouble locating a particular toy and couldn't find anyone to ask where we could find it. After a 30 minute unassisted search we finally found the toy my son wanted.Disappointing customer service, but I think this is the "norm", at the numerous Toys R Us locations we've visited.
5	Called the store to save myself a trip if the item I wanted wasnt in stock (its sold out online.) Amber answered the phone and was polite as can be. Told me where on the webpage to find the number she needed to look up my item. Kindly stated it would take just a couple minutes and placed me on hold. No more than 2 minutes later she was on the phone happy as can be to let me know they have plenty in stock. Short, sweet and to the point. Great customer service.
3	In need of a gift for a friends sons birthday I decided on this store. Not sure what to get I browsed the aisles for a good 1/2 hour. No staff to be seen to assist myself or any other customers I picked a gift and went to pay for it. All of the employees were in the front of the store. I'm not sure if there was an issue but everyone was gathered in one area while the line at the one open registered backed up. No need to come back here for any reason
1	The customer service here is so terrible I couldn't recommend it to anyone.  I won't be back.  I actually paid $3 MORE on amazon for something to avoid giving Toys'r'us any money.Just despicable lack of checkers, and rude, literally rolling eyes, management.What can a brick and mortar store offer if not customer service?
