4	This restaurant was previously a Red Brick Pizza location that converted to the new name while keeping the same owners.That very fact almost kept me away, but I'm glad I gave them a shot.  I had only been to a Red Brick once about 6 yrs ago and was not impressed with the pizza and sandwich I ordered.  But this new place had advertised a particular brand of gyro meat, and I'm a real sucker for gyros.  Plus, the advertisement had come via a Hometown Buyz groupon-like deal.  So off I went.Since it previously was a Red Brick, I wasn't at all surprised that it still looks like one.  The setup seemed the same down to the menu boards with the addition of some things like gyros.  It was late afternoon, so the place was expectedly quiet.  I was greeted promptly and courteously at the counter.  That day they were running a small pizza special as well, so I ordered the gyro and a small pepperoni pizza to go.  I was generously offered a drink while I waited.  I opted for water from the soda machine.My order was prepared right in front of me, and I could look into the brick pizza oven and watch the pizza bake.  After just a few minutes, it was boxed and bagged to go.  I got into my car, and it just smelled so good that I couldn't wait.  Warning!  The pizza is very, very hot!  It was delicious, as the pepperoni was quite nicely spiced and the cheese (whole milk mozzarella blend?) had a great flavor.  The crust was light, chewy, and crisp.  It well surpassed my memories of the original Red Brick.The gyro was even better.  The meat was the best gyro meat I've ever had.  It was lean, warm, piled on, and had a great flavor.  The overall gyro had a very nice proportion of meat to lettuce/tomato/onion/tzatziki to pita.  Very nice indeed.Is it a destination kind of place to spend an evening out?  No.  But it is a high quality quick service concept that fit me well that day.I'll be back soon.
2	Groupon Now brought us in at 7:38. While it was before the 8 PM deadline, Groupon Now had ended. Instead of walking out, the owner said he would still give us the deal. Didn't happen. I realize that is a Groupon Now problem but knowing that is what brought us in you would think they would make something happen. Their menu and prices are higher in store then their own website. Good bait and switch. Dingy inside...lightbulbs out everywhere including right over booths, extension cords used to light signs. Multiple flavors on fountain out.Positive note; salad and pizza were great except our particular pizza advertised fresh basil for which it didn't have. The bait and switch, alone, with higher in-store prices then their own website leaves a bad taste however and is enough for me not to go back. It's just a cheap money grab.
4	This is a great little pizza place. Groupon brought us in and we were immediately greeted by the owner and very friendly staff. We ordered the pepperoni pizza, pizza bianco and Italian salad. All really good. Francisco's is more of a casual, quick, order-at-the-counter type of place but with enough room to bring your family for dinner. Great pizza, fast service and close to home. I am happy we found this place and we will definitely be going back. Next time we will try the gyros!
2	This place... Eh.  I found a groupon, $5 for $10.   I called in my phone order, when I arrived I knew to look for the place that had no lit up sign and found it right next to Jamba Juice.  I was quoted a half hour over the phone.  When I arrived they were pretty busy, and looked very disorganized.  My perception was spot on as when I mentioned my name, the guy had to look everywhere for my order.  It was really chaotic.  I don't know what happened, but he said it would be another 10 minutes.  I ordered a medium four cheese pizza and a beef gyro.  The gyro was VERY dry.  Dried out meat and short on tzatziki.  It just was off kilter.  The pizza was okay.  Didn't hit the spot either.  It looked like the large was only 14 inches, the medium is supposedly 12, but I am thinking 10.  I watched one order get called where the guy asked the customer if she had 2 pizzas or 1.  When the lady answered one he began messing with a box and she said, "and it is actually for here, so you can save the box."  He ignored her and slid the box her way and went about her business.  I couldn't help but feel this would be a good candidate for Gordan Ramsay's Kitchen Nightmares.  Unorganized, poorly cooked, and lacking in customer service skills.  The staff wasn't mean or rude, and the lady that handed me my order gave me a smile.  But they were all just so frazzled.
1	Horrible and Overpriced!!!!!!The only reason I found myself in this establishment was the enticing advertisement featuring the scrumptious bursting at the seams Gyro for only $5.99 and they were the only eatery in the area without an obsene line.On top of a puny little excuse for a Gyro that looked and tasted worse something from a fast food dollar menu I also received lackluster "how dare you bother me" service from a disinterested staff of four that didn't greet, bid farewell and barely acknowledged their customers Definately will not find myself back in this establishment again.  I do have to say that there were a couple families in there waiting for pizza's.   Maybe I should have ordered a pizza and stayed away from the Gyro?? CavEAT Emptor --  Let the buyer beware
4	They have really great gluten free pizza and delish salads. My husband isn't gluten free and ordered the shawarma and though it was good too. The TV's at the table allows is nice for the kiddos. I would have given it five stars if they served beer and wine. I think we will be regulars here. Oh, and I love how the owner is there to greet you. You don't see that very often these days.
1	I tried this place as it replaced the old Red Brick Pizza that was there. The inside is pretty much the same as it was as Red Brick. The owner was nice and greeted us and said goodbye at the end. The televisions had a Ratatouille Disney DVD playing and when that finished they put on the old Willy Wonka and the Chocolate Factory. Didn't care for the shows but I wasn't there to watch television anyway. They were out of drink cup covers so I asked for some and the kid brings them out and takes his bare hands and grabs out two of them. I would have rather he have gloves and place them in the holder so I can grab my own without his touching them or at least would dig down into the center to avoid the ones he did touch.However, the pizza wasn't good. As much as I like cheese on my Four Cheese pizza, there was too much cheese, soggy crust, and burnt edges. Could barely get a slice apart and when I did manage to cut it apart and picked up a slice, the cheese just slide right off into the pan. I ended up with a pile of cheese and the pizza wasn't tasty at all. My friend got a barbecue chicken pizza and it didn't taste like it as she used to get that at Red Brick just like I always got my Four Cheese. The Red Brick pizza was awesome and the cheese at least stayed on the slices. As much as I wanted to like this place since I hoped it was like the old Red Brick, this pizza wasn't any good. We won't be going back there.
5	I'm late posting this...but at least I didn't forget! :) we got a groupon for this place and were pleasantly surprised by how good this was for the slammin deal groupon gave us! The owner/manager was awesome ! I recommend !
4	Best pizza ever made!-Austin Matthews
3	I've eaten here twice before... the pizza is not typical to what most are used to. It's thin and it's crustier than the thick fluffy crust of other pizza places. I assume this is to imitate "real" italian pizzas (which I have had the pleasure of having in Roma!)However, the flavor is just "meh" and it's not very filling. The smaller than average serving size (and more than average pricing) could be forgiven if the food was flavorful, but it's just not there yet.
5	Great hummus and even better pita bread! i have been here several times and will keep coming back for 2 reasons- the food AND the customer service. Although I can only comment on the hummus since that is all I ever order. It's fresh and you get a lot of it.  It's obvious they make the hummus and pita right there. The owner has been there everytime I have been there (he must work everyday), and he has always provided excellent customer service.I didn't go into this restaurant at first because I never liked Red Brick Pizza (which was what was there before), and I didn't realize it had changed it's menu sincee it looks pretty much the same. However, it's not a chain restaurant being run by teenagers!
5	Love this place.  Great lunch special for pizza and a drink for $5.  Go there all the time and the owner is extremely pleasant.
4	Went here w/ a Groupon on a weeknight. Groupon was good for 2 lg pizzas & a lg salad. The 4 of us ordered @ the counter & our salad came out quickly. The Italian salad was fresh, tasty, & had just the right amount of dressing - not too drippy like most places. Our first pizza came out in about the time expected. The meat combo we'd ordered was delicious, plenty of toppings, piping hot. We waited...and waited...and waited for the lg hawaiian we'd also ordered & finally asked about it @ the counter. Yep, they'd forgotten it. In the meantime, our drinks needed refilling (it's a DIY drink station, which is fine) so I went up to the machine, only to find that at least 2 of the drink options were Out Of Order. When the Hawaiian pizza finally came to our table, it too, was hot, fresh & delicious. The wood fire they use puts just the perfect amount of char on the crust to make it both crispy & chewy! It makes the whole meal. However...be prepared for the Picnic Exprience if you opt to eat in. Paper cups, plates, & plastic sporks. Yes, sporks. Even for the salad. Made eating the salad somewhat challenging. Fer cryin' out loud, a case of plastic forks @ Costco can't be THAT expensive!!! I haven't eaten w/ a spork since Sloppy Joe Day in Jr. High, & I'm OLD. Great food but next time, I'll be packin'...my own fork
1	Horrible!!! I ordered the gyro, the meat was  frozen strips of who knows what! I took one bite and  had to spit it out. The owner took my order and said 10 minutes but it was more like 30. The owner and his wife appeared to be having a heated argument while he was cooking. I wish I could say something positive about the place, but there really isn't anything.
5	I had a great small pizza for lunch. Love the crust. The person I was with got a sub and thought it was excellent. Met the owner a very nice hard working man. Not the cheapest food but good quality and flavor. I will be back.
4	I like the food and the service. Have been at Francisco's twice and have had a wonderful salad and pizza. The itallian chop salad is very good and so is the roasted garlic chicken pizza.The owner is friendly and makes you feel welcome and appreciated.I will be back
2	I would give the owner and the employees 4 stars for great attitudes and good customer service. However, the pizza is what the review is all about and I can only give 2 stars for the pizza's performance. One of the two pizza's wasn't correct but the owner took care of it immediately. Got us the right pizza pretty quickly & asked us to keep the incorrect pizza. Initially, he had also discounted the pizzas for us which was very exceptional as well. The only thing I didn't like about the pizza, all of them, was that the bottom was so burnt. Just not my bag. Maybe I will try them again another time but for now I will still be keeping my eyes out for a better pie
5	I have been a regular for over a year now and am well behind in leaving a proper, well earned positive review. Frank is as good as they get in the business. He is always welcoming, remembers me by name and greets me every time I walk in the door, not to mention a friendly goodbye looking forward to my next visit in. I love the wood fire pizza. The lunch special is just the right size for an individual serving. I am a plain meat and potatoes kind of guy, so pepperoni is my 'go-to' at each visit. Toss in a nice side garden salad with fountain soda, and life is good on that 1 hour reprieve from the daily grind. Thank you Frank for helping me getting my pizza fix when the craving calls!
1	Horrible pizza! How can they justify the high price they charge for less than mediocre food?  Pizza was bland, wet, and soggy. Service was not good either. I had a coupon which i forgot to mention when ordering but mentioned to them no more than 2 min after. They would not honor it. Now that's excellent customer service.   Very disappointed.
3	This is the same store front as Red Brick Oven Pizza.  They didn't seem to change much.  We had a coupon so thought we would give them a try.First, the decor.  For some reason they have TVs in every booth.  You can't change the channel, and the volume is at zero, but they're there.  No idea why (since you can't hear any dialogue).  Another large screen TV was set to a sports channel.  Again, no volume.  What one DID hear was random music (ranging from Elvis to Johnny Cash, etc).  Odd choice for music in a pizza place.On to the pizza.  We ordered two (per the coupon).  One was a typical sausage, mushroom, pepperoni pizza.  It was good.  The crust seemed thin, but dense.  I'm sorta surprised it didn't rise to create a thicker, more airy crust.  But it didn't.  Very dense.  Flavor was good, though.The other pizza was a prosciutto pizza (with arugula and something else).  It also was thin and dense but flavorful.The pizza was fine.  But I can't really see coming back here when there's another pizza place closer to my house that is better.  Much better.  In fact, that other place has become my favorite of all the places in Chandler/Gilbert.  So Francisco's, while not bad, can't really compete with the other place.  Yes, even if I were shopping in this center I would get in my car and drive to San Tan Village to get the other pizza if I wanted pizza.  You could do worse than Francisco's, but just a few miles east you can do much better.
4	Hummas plate is pretty good, tried a small pizza wasn't impressed, but I would try it out again.
2	The food was pretty good which is why I gave them more than one star. I placed my order online through Eat24. This order included 3 (three) bottles of IBC root beer. When the delivery girl showed up, she handed me three bottles of Coca-Cola and said they were out of root beer. I understand running out of an item. Poor planning happens to any business. What I don't understand is automatically assuming you know what's best and substituting whatever you feel like or have the most of. You had my contact details from the order. Use them. I don't drink coke (which is why i didn't buy it), so I gave one coke to the delivery girl, one to my coworker, and threw the other in the trash. Live and learn.
3	just.... wow. okay. so this place is ridiculously delicious. the pizza is absolutely mouth watering. I have used this place once or twice for delivery as it is really close to my work. Normally, I get superior service and excellent food. Today, however, was totally different. So my co-worker calls up Francisco's to order a pizza for delivery. He was abruptly told "we don't deliver" and got hung up on. I called them back, and told the very rude chick on the phone that I wanted to place an order for delivery. she scoffed and before she could say anything further, I stated "I got a pizza delivered from you to my store last week." she sighed, very annoyed, and put me on hold. When she got back on the line, she said, "okay, fine. what do you want?" I was half tempted to tell her nevermind, but as the order was for my coworker, I told her his order. She then said "yeah okay," and hung up on me before even telling me how much the order was. ....seriously? this is one of the absolute WORST customer service experiences I have ever had. Thanks to whomever I spoke with, Francisco's got knocked down a few pegs.
4	Not sure the negative reviews on the Gyros mine was huge and fresh!  The pizza was tasty and had a good sauce to it and the hummus was made fresh in house.
5	We used to eat here when it was a red brick pizza and thought it was good. We tried it today for the first time since they left the RB franchise and to my surprise, it was really grest! We had the Italian salad which was really yummy and fresh, and the pizza blanco, delish!! Also, the owner is super friendly and his workers give great customer service. Thank you!!
4	Yummy! It was great, the pepperoni was delicious, owner was there super friendly and you can also get gelato there!
4	I have been here 2 X. Both were very good... Pizza tasted super and service was good as well. Very nice and casual environment... I would go back!!
2	The place smells weird and the pizza was burnt.  Salad was swimming in dressing and the girls behind the counter are snacking on the gelato while we look at the menu.
2	servers more intent on closing up and going home.swept floor as we ate.lifted matspizza was goodworst salad ever
1	Food seems to be decent when owner is there supervising, but when he's not there, things go down hill quickly.  Had pizza there recently and it was burned.  I wouldn't eat it and returned it and was told because it's "brick oven", it's supposed to be burnt.  Really?!  I don't think so.  They made me another one and it was so under-done that it was just mush with the topping on top being raw.  Won't be back and can't imagine this place staying in business much longer.
1	I have trouble even giving this place 1 star, but since I'm usually a very easy to please diner, I will tell you to just do yourself a favor and Eat Elsewhere. Tried them for the first time tonight.  Worst hummus I've ever had, just like chickpeas put into a blender with no seasoning and no oil. Tasteless and bland. Pizza was a disappointment, crust hearkened back to the Domino's of the 1980s, just like cardboard with some tomato sauce and cheese. Staff was disinterested and seemed more eager to close up than to please me. I mentioned that tea was out and they made no move to get me any or to make more, and it was a good 2 hours before closing time. Even the gelato had freezer burn and tasted like old ice cubes. Yuck. Just eat at one of the many other choices in this center, like Panda Express next door,  Chipotle,  Subway,  or even Menchies yogurt.  You'll thank me later.
4	The boyfriend and I stopped in on a Friday night and we will return.  Service was so friendly and fast.  We placed our order and sat in a booth.  We ordered a medium chopped Italian salad to start with.  It was good.  Big enough for 3-4 people to share.  We tried two small pizzas (Margarita & Roasted Garlic Chicken) and both were very good.  We like a nicely finished crust and the brick oven cooks this think crust just right.  The toppings were flavorful but not overpowering (there are a number of ingredients on the chicken pizza but my boyfriend said they were very complimentary to one another.  We signed up for their frequent diner club (can't remember what it's called) and we are well on our way to earning freebies.  The only detracting item from our dining experience was the TV built into the booths.  I wish I had chosen to sit on the opposite side of the building (or even outside).  The table behind me had the volume on the cartoon/movie up so loud, it drowned out everything including my boyfriends conversation.  I'm not sure if the parents and two children at that table were hard of hearing but it was very distracting.
2	Great friendly service,  but it didn't make up for the tasteless food.  I got the hummus appetizer plate and a Margherita pizza. The hummus had no taste even though it had  pickles,  red onion and I think a slivers of red bell pepper.  The pita bread seemed very dried out..  I'm not sure if it was left out for a while,  but you'd get a better tasting pita bread from Costco. The pizza was utterly disappointing...  Yeah,  it's fired up in a brick oven yet the dough tasted bland.  They don't use fresh mozzarella cheese which ruined it.  They do sprinkle fresh basil and sliced tomatoes on top.  This has to be the worst Margherita pizza I've ever had. I only had one slice,  since that's all I could tolerate. I gave the place two stars since the service was friendly and the place had a good vibe to it,  but I'm not going back. ..   :(
1	Worst Pizza!  Frozen pizza actually tastes better.  The booths were torn and uncomfortable.
5	We stopped by for lunch today to try this place out! We are huge pizza lovers!! My husband is from New York & is very picky about his pizza but to our surprise this place was incredible!! Definitely our new local place!!  Highly recommend trying it!!!
5	Had the beef pita, super good! I will definitly be having another gamer meeting here. Cant wait to try the pizza!
4	Crust was great! We tried the garlic chicken and ceasar salad. Got a great deal on groupon, $20 ea for 2 visits for $18! We'll come back even if we didn't have the 2nd visit. Love the crust! Salad, I can pass. Only had croutons, Parmesan and light dressing. Customer service was good and friendly, especially on a Sunday 7pm!
4	Great place to take kids for pizza. They have individual tv screens at each booth to keep little ones entertained. I usually get four cheese or margarita pizza. Both are really good and remind me of New York pizza places. They also have Mediterranean salad and chicken shawarma which are great if you are not into pizza that much. Mediterranean salad has lots of fresh cut fruits and is always very crunchy. Great for low calories but very tasteful dish. Would definitely recommend it. Look out for deals on groupon for this place!!!
4	They have a varied menu including gyros, cheese steak sandwiches, salads, hero sandwiches, and of course pizza.  They messed up our order a little bit (forgot our salad until after the pizza was served.) However they gave us free calzones to make up for it.  Calzones were very good!
4	We go here for their Calzone's, they are the best! The service is always great and the owner is super friendly. The only thing we don't care for so far is the Hummus, a little too bland for me.
1	I have been to this establishment at least 10 different times. I keep coming back because either my friends want to try it, I want to give it another chance because it is so close, or I find an awesome deal on groupon. But every single time I am gravely mistaken. I have never had a completely 5/5 experience here, ever. Never.Food~ 2/10: Everything they serve has been frozen at one point unless you had salad. All of it. Don't let them tell you otherwise, because I have had multiple dishes in which at least one thing was warm on the outside and still icey on the inside. Nasty. Their food is okay at best and disgusting at worst. And I'm being nice about it. Panda Express makes better food and it's a fast food joint (Also right next door by the way) Service~1/10: As I said before, the food is frozen and reheated, the one time I complained about this the girl at the counter told me that it wasn't possible that my food was frozen because they make their products fresh. Uhm. What? Yeah, I'm in my 50's I'm pretty sure I can tell whether or not I just bit into rock hard italian food icicle, thank you for lying. The only nice worker I have talked to here was the actual manager and I have even had a bad experience with him. Once, my sister came in and ordered a pizza with very LIGHT cheese because she has issues with lactose but can still consume a bit and the pizza came out with EXTRA cheese. My sister was very polite about it and brought the issue back to the manager. You know what he said to her? In an extremely rude and passive aggressive tone, "If you have issues with cheese, then maybe you shouldn't be eating pizza." He then practically ignored her and began talking to the next person in line like she was some sort of worthless begger trying to take his money. THAT was the last straw, and the last time I will be eating here EVER. Oh and good luck asking for anything out of the worker's way like a side of sauce of something small after you have paid. They will be rude. And they will act like YOU, the customer, is an inconvenience. I should have just left without paying all of those times. Especially when on one occasion the girl at the counter got angry with ME because the system wasn't working and all I had was a credit card to pay. "Well what am I supposed to do now?" She practically yelled at her supervisor. This place only hires bitchy teen aged girls, I swear.Atmosphere, cleanliness, and trustworthiness~ 3/10: Alright bare with me here, the atmosphere is pretty nice for a quick bite to eat. There are tv's on the booths (Which you can't hear, are fuzzy often times, and skip a lot), but hey at least sometimes you can find a seat that isn't sticky or a table without cheese slashed across it. Besides that, usually the floors are pretty tidy and the bathroom is alright. I'd rather just go across the way to Menchie's or Panda and use their bathroom there (Much cleaner). Trustworthiness is an odd thing to consider, I know, but I just had to add it. One of my friend's daughters started working there (And shortly after quit because of the drama between coworkers and unpleasant working environment) AND because she felt uncomfortable that the owner is PAYING HIS EMPLOYEES UNDER THE TABLE ILLEGALLY. Yeah. That's a great way to run a business guys.Over all, just don't even bother. There are a lot of good reviews on here but they are most likely from people who happened  to come at a good time when there wasn't a line, the owner was in the store, and they had a good day where the food wasn't half frozen. Good luck to anybody who enters those doors. Because if you enter on a good day, it'll be ALMOST worth your time. But not your money, because it's way overpriced.
3	First time eating here. Nice mom & pop place and very affordable. Hubby & I had the calzones. Meatball for me and meat works for him. His was actually better. Crust was good, good size portions. Felt full after we left. A good neighborhood pizza parlor. Staff is friendly and fast.
1	My daughter had suggested we stop in here for dinner one night after her friends had told her it was "good pizza".  We ordered a pizza and some mozzarella sticks at the counter and had a seat.  After waiting a bit, we watched our mozzarella sticks get delivered to another table.  They quickly acknowledged their mistake but didn't bother to apologize.  Brought us another order fairly quickly... maybe too quickly as they weren't cooked all the way and were soggy and gross.  The pizza didn't fair much better.  I'm pretty sure everything is frozen not fresh. We left after only a few bites.  Not at all impressed and we won't be back.
