4	This is, in my opinion, one of the best bars in Oakland.  First off, it's pretty divey, so if you want to see the people you're talking to, forget it.  It's basement location makes for a great hideaway on weekdays, and karaoke and cover bands make it pretty busy otherwise.  The beer selection is great and cheap, with daily specials on some nice craft beers.  The bartenders here are quick and pour drinks that could kill a man with low tolerance, so beware.  I once got a "shot" of Jager here that was a full rocks glass.  Overall, this is a bar with a dual personality.  Nice and quiet on weekdays (minus karaoke, which I think is Thursday), and busy and fun after 11 on weekends.  I think it does both of these roles exceedingly well...I'm surprised I'm not there more, to be honest!
5	Ummm... why are there only 2 reviews for this place?? Slackin...Anyway, i agree with Chad and Paul. One of the best! I jumped up my 21st birthday here and we ALL  thoroughly enjoyed ourselves. The drinks are decently priced and definitely pack the punch. I have probably been at least 8 times after that while I was up at school.If i had to recommend a drink, get the NERD with a touch of red syrup and cherry. Just watch dude make it, it will shock and amaze you and it tastes nothing like alcohol (which is the dangerous part hehe)The wings are good too. Get the Kitchen Sink and BBQ of course, of course!
4	For bars in Oakland near the universities it gets no better than Spice Cafe. This bar actually caters to people other than the newly 21 crowd like nearby Hemingway's, Peter's Pub, and Garage Door. Don't get me wrong, this place still gets its fair share of college students but the staff here really gets to know you and cares more about making sure their patrons have a good time and not just making money. Here are the reasons Spice Cafe rules: Live bands with no cover charge...EVER. -- sure they aren't the best bands you've ever heard, but they all get the dance floor rocking and with the tiny stage so close to the dance floor it is really intimate. Cheap ass drinks -- this place is so cheap I can't fathom how they can turn a profit. Seriously...miller light is always 1.50, and they have a daily micro brew special for around 2 dollars. well drinks and shots are 2.50 and are poured so strong that you can hardly stand after two. And if you really want to get the party going get a frozen long island iced tea for 5.00. Don't have more than one or you will black out. Awesome Jukebox -- Great music is always pumping from this thing. stuff you wouldn't hear anywhere else; deep cuts from little known Neil Young albums, Zevon, and then to mix it up you will hear some early 90's rap from the likes of A tribe called quest and stuff like that. Since they changed the jukebox to the newer internet jukebox thing some of the music has become a bit more mainstream and trendy, but it's still better than any other bar in Oakland. Great staff--Pya and Yassir were the best managers in the city and them leaving has left a hole in many a yinzer's heart. But the new management is doing great things with pub quiz night and continuation of Karaoke. The bouncer Tom is one of the friendliest people you will ever meet as long as you arent acting like a total tool. The Bad stuff..... The only gripe I have is that though they have a huge draft selection every now and then you will get a skunky beer. Just take it back and the staff will make it right by giving you a another drink at no charge and maybe even throwing in a shot if you seem like a good person. Get the draft beer selection fixed and this place would get 5 out of 5 stars.
4	Dark bar with cheap drinkssing, get wasted and smoke cigsthen fall up crazy stairs.(b)
5	I don't know why Spice gets overlooked when people are considering the best college bars in Oakland. Every time I've been there the night has ended well.Their drink specials (posted on little menus at the bar and on banners) are hilariously girly but reasonably priced and will knock you on your ass. I had a "Shut Up and Drink" which was a sweet concoction of fruit-flavored rums and mixed fruit juices. I hate to admit to drinking it, but the bartender didn't skimp on the alcohol and yet I could barely taste any. I was randomly singing Lady Gaga's "Poker Face" within 20 minutes, which is always a good sign. They have a nice draft selection and beer specials all the time.The bartenders are friendly here, unlike the nearby Peter's Pub and PCafe. We went once on a Wednesday night and the bartender taught us how to mix drinks and let us pick the music without paying for the jukebox! We also got a few free drinks. He hit on my friend a bit, but I can't really blame him for that.This place never seems too packed, even on the busy Karaoke nights. You never have to wait too long for a drink either. I'd much rather spend a night here then wait 30 minutes for a shot at Peter's. Overall, great service and good prices makes this my favorite college bar in Oakland. Try it instead of PCafe/Peter's/whatever one night, you won't regret it.
4	This place is closed.
4	yummy food!!! This is the resturant that my boyfriend and I went to on our first date. I have been going here since I was a freshmen in college, and it's still  very tasty. The even had a bagpipe musician in there a couple of saint patricks days ago. lol who does that.It's a fun resturant for groups too. Although I have never had any alcohalic beverages here, there drink specials are well advertised .  On my last visit I had steak fajitas and so tasty and sizzling hot. The steak was perfectly season and the veggies had a nice char on them.They were serverd in a little cast iron skillet which I thought was cute and exciting.  I am going to take off one star because our server was on a cordless phone for most of the time we were there. I felt that was a tad unperfessonal.  Good food, good prices.
4	Spice is easily the best college bar in Oakland.  Twas my favorite dive in college, and I didn't understand why more of my friends weren't into it...Wait, oh yeah, this isn't a big hook-up spot.  But, anyway.Here's what I loved about Spice when I was a wee student:-The drinks were CHEAP and there was always a special. Long Island pitchers for $4 or $1 liquor drinks.  For $4 or less, the beer selection ranged from PBR to Blue Moon to Miller Lite to Sunset Wheat.-They never charged a cover, even when they had live bands, which were generally decent enough local jam bands.-They had several game machines, and I'm a sucker for round of "Photo Hunt."-There was dart board AND it hung in a place where it was nearly impossible for drunkies to walk in front of it while playing.  (Take note, Gene's.)-The karaoke night was always entertaining (and I generally dislike karaoke).  If the singing was bad, the karaokers would dance and bounce around.-It would be packed with black & yellow during Pens game and there were several TV's.The only minuses are that the stairs can get super slippy in bad weather and that the crowd is mostly undergrads...so I'm too grown up now for this jam!
