3	Although I do enjoy the sanctity of the Apple Stores, this one is pretty good aside from one fact. It can become obnoxiously busy with people and become a sardine tin in a heartbeat. It especially has to do with kids coming in there to hop on Facebook and take pictures of themselves in the store. I know that doesn't really have anything to do with the store but that is where the staff comes in. The staff doesn't seemed to be concerned that I may be standing next to a product waiting for a kid to get off a Macbook Pro for example. They just head over, ask if I need any help, I respond by saying well I am trying to check out this (insert product here)... "Oh alright well let us know if you have any questions" and before I can respond with one they have disappeared. The store is relatively cleanly and organized but in addition to that, because of all these kids in there, 75% of the products are either broken or "non-functional." It is a great location but the staff needs to step it up when coming to customer-associate confrontation.
5	I have found the people at this store to be extremely helpful, nice, and professional. I have had all good experiences when coming here for in-warranty issues with my iPhone 4.
4	I didn't shop for long time actually in this store, it seems like most Apple Stores - plenty of helpful folks who are available but not pushy and rows of gleaming techno-candy to drool about.What I do love about this store is the blazing fast public wi-fi they offer. I staid a couple of weeks in a nearby hotel, and Apple's wi-fi is so much faster! Thanks Apple!
4	(Edit:August 2012 This place is starting to slip so I knocked it down a peg. Sales people are not as helpful as they once were and twice I've had to interrupt their personal conversations to ask for assistance. They missed out on an iPad sale due to laziness.) I've only had one experience there and it was fantastic.  I received an iPod Touch for Christmas and a couple days later it started to freak out. Although it was purchased for me at Best Buy and I didn't even have the receipt, the Apple people took great care of me even though I had just stopped in with NO appointment. Took really personalized, efficient care of me and the iPod from start to finish and after they found out that the cable was defective they replaced it for free. Even though it was a busy Saturday for them, they had me out the door in twenty minutes. This was my first experience with an Apple store or with Apple for that matter and was truly impressed. I wish all companies stood behind their products like this and offered such great service. But then we wouldn't need Yelp anymore would we?  ;-)
5	i came in on thursday with a gift card to spend. paul, the genius who assisted me, was awesome. we chatted and he helped me pick out some great accessories. he also had a look at/cleaned/fixed the input on my ancient iPod, free of charge. fantastic customer service will keep me coming back for all my apple needs.
1	I went to the Apple Store on 3/24/12 the redeem a gift card. I decided to upgrade my 3gs to a 4s, simple enough. I walked in and made an appointment, waited 15 minutes and then a woman came over to wait on me. This is when it all started to go down hill. She was the most unhelpful and rude person I ever gave money to. When the transaction was done, she turned and walked away. I didn't even know we were done. No bag for my purchase, no thank you, nothing. I asked my wife if I did or say anything wrong and she said no, the girl was just rude.Oh, my phone was defective and I had to go back on 3/27/12. I got a new phone after seeing a "genius". Apples words not mine, and really an oxymoron. My second phone was also defective. I really wanted a new iphone but after my experience with Apple customer service, I will be getting a Samsung phone instead. Apple has great products, usually, but awful customer service. After hours on the phone with an Apple IT person, I have had enough. Just because your product is popular, doesn't mean you can be rude.
4	Having been to various Apple stores, the Madison location gave very good service at the Genius bar (I had made an appointment online). The employee I dealt with was very friendly and dealt with my problem quickly and efficiently. This is rarely the case at Apple stores! So, yay Madison West Towne!
5	Having been a fan of Apple products and retailing for over 10 years, I can now say that extends  beyond the functionality and experience to the amazing service. More specifically the genius bar and Greg Katechis. He treated my problem on my 4 year old iMac as if I had just purchased it new! Without dwelling on minor details I can say that if you don't know the problem... They will find it and fix it... With unequalled personal attention. Thank you Apple for hiring, training and retaining such incredible employees and creating a culture that allows them to make decisions on the spot that most retailers would never allow their associates to make without approvals!Forget trying to fix it yourself! Let Apple and their team find the solution...
4	Fast, helpful, service from a staff that actually listened to our issue, verified the issue, then resolved the issue. Can't ask for much else (other than an Apple Store in Rockford, IL).
4	Long story short, my iPhone of less than six months started having software problems a few weeks ago. Freezing up, etc. One day, it stopped turning on altogether. I was able to make an appointment for the next day at 9:20 am. I had to wait a few minutes, but nothing unreasonable. The man who helped me, Jordan, was great.  He listened to the problem, tried a couple different things to fix it, and explained everything he was doing as he went along, as well as what he thought might be wrong with the phone.Although he wasn't able to fix it, he was able to hook me up with a brand new phone. I received a new phone on the spot, and he even helped me to activate it and back my contacts up before I left the store. Jordan was very friendly and joked with me the whole time. Very understanding and helpful.Very fast service. I was in and out with a brand new phone in less than 30 minutes.
2	The Apple store is a funny place.  So many things to look and touch but impossible to get service.  Now, I know this is the only show in town and people love Apple, but darn it, I need service!  Please hire more people.  I wanted to buy an iPad and had to wait nearly 20 minutes to just get acknowledged.  So I left.  I just can not seem to get service here!  I have been to other busy Apple stores and do not feel neglected.West Town, I love you but this Apple Store must shape up!  So please, Apple, sell me your goods.  I am always looking for accessories and cases and STUFF!  I love to impulse purchase.And speaking of impulse purchasing, several months ago we considered switching to Apple but after getting about 5 minutes of service, we were abandoned.  If you are wondering, we are still PC people.
5	FANTASTIC service. Absolutely TOP-NOTCH.My friend had some issues with her iPhone and asked if I could take it in and have the Apple team look at it. Despite the store being absolutely packed (at 1:30pm on a Friday afternoon), I was quickly and professionally taken care of.An employee diagnosed the phone problem and without even hesitating, offered to replace it completely free of charge, on the spot. No deductible, no cost - just a brand new phone.Within 10 minutes, the phone was up-and-running, and I left totally happy.That's how you handle customer service, folks.  A++++
5	Every time I stop into this location, the staff is AMAZING! They make sure you know about the product you are purchasing or looking to potentially purchase before you leave the store. For all my Apple needs (Yes, I was a PC guy up until this early 2013) I will stop in and see the staff at Apple Store West Towne!
2	My experience with Apple Store service tends to be totally hit or miss. I went in yesterday psyched to purchase my first iPhone (I know, I know, what is this, 2011?) and my soaring expectations and puppy dog excitement were dashed when I had to elbow my way to an employee. When I was helped the Apple team member seemed virtually clueless on how to go through with the transaction. She called over two other employees to help punch in the order to bring out a phone. Once I had the phone in hand (hell yeah!) I was quickly and professionally helped by another team member to import my contacts but felt frustrated it took twice as long as necessary to complete the simple order. I'd go back to West Towne, but not before troubleshooting with Apple over the phone.
3	I love my apple products.  I especially love my Ipod.  This trusty companion is always by my side during my training runs supplying me with all the music my ears can handle.  I love it so much that I sweat profusely on it to the point that it finally gives up and dies.  Thankfully, my applecare warranty is there to save the day.So why other the 3*?  The store's (company's) process for handling repairs/replacements is miserable. First, you can't just walk in.  You must set up an appointment.  While this makes sense for bigger items that can be troubleshooted or repaired, it doesn't for a Nano that refuses to function.  Next, even though you have an appointment, you will probably still wait 10-15 minutes past your appointment time to be helped.  A good way to pass the time is to count the number of ironic tattoos the employees have.Once helped and it is determined that yep, nothing works, they will look for a replacement in stock.  Since it has to be an exact match (even same color), you maybe, like me, out of luck and have to get it ordered.And this is when it gets fun.  When they have the item back in stock, you have to, again, make an appointment to pick it up. *Go back to Step 1.
5	Update: I remain impressed.This past weekend, I managed to send my iPhone 5 straight to Davey Jones' locker after swimming with it for a good 30 minutes or so. Thankfully, I didn't lose it, but try as I might, I wasn't able to resuscitate it - even with compressed air, rice, and heat.After 5 days of trying to revive the phone, I scheduled an appointment with the Genius Bar (it takes about 2 seconds to set-up via Apple's website) and upon arrival, was immediately greeted and helped. The employee asked a few questions, scanned a few items into her device, and then headed to the back to grab me a new phone.She had me set-up and running on the new iPhone within 10 minutes, and at a very reasonable cost (that my insurance company reimbursed me for). $229 for a new (not-refurbished) 64GB iPhone 5 is A-OK by me. Especially when it was 100% my fault for taking the thing into the drink with me.Painless, prompt, & professional. The service here far surpasses anything I've ever experienced with Best Buy or other big box stores. The only downside was having to work my way through the throngs of kids loitering in the food court at West Towne... what a joy that is.
5	I had an appointment today for general questions about my MacBook Pro. I was expecting them to answer a few questions and send me on my way. However, Jonathon was the most patient and helpful consultant. He not only answered my questions, he really took care of me. He organized my external hard drive, created room on my hard drive and much more above and beyond. He was extremely helpful, polite and friendly. He was also able to multitask well. I was very pleased with my visit today. Thank you, Jonathon!
5	Knowledgable -- and personable -- staff in my experience both on the retail floor and at the Genius Bar. The space is cramped during workshops or on weekends, but overall, I've been very pleased with my experiences here.
2	This review is exclusively about buying stuff at the Apple Store.I don't understand why Apple thinks it's a bad idea to just have an actual line--or any kind of prioritization--for people who are purchasing things. They make it so that a customer faces the problem having to corner a rep to talk to just to buy something. This is almost impossible as they run all over the place talking to people. It's annoying. And this is an Apple-wide issue, but today at this particular store, it was even more disorganized.  It took maybe 2-3 redirections from one person to another to find someone who could help.Thing is, when you finally do corner them, all they do is type in what I want, swipe my card, ask me if I want the AppleCare. Then someone else runs the order out from the back.If this is the level of purchasing service one can expect at the Apple store, I'm not sure why Apple doesn't just make it so I can buy something from the kiosk itself. I'm looking at a Macbook Pro, there's an iPad right next to it with all of the details. Make it so I can punch in "get one of these NOW", and someone will bring it to me.Overall, I would recommend not buying at the Apple Store itself if you can help it. Go there to read email, get support, hang out with people... anything but actually make a simple purchase.
5	Took my iPad in because I had a cracked screen (having Apple Care makes a huge difference!!) and had Jonathan as our Genius consultant. He did a fabulous job of helping me out and while I was working on a couple things for him he was assisting others--he was incredibly efficient!!
2	I went in to have a key that had become stuck on my MacBook fixed, and was met with an annoyed staff and made to feel like my visit was an inconvenience. I love the brand, but having worked in the service industry for over ten years, I can tell you one thing - Apple Store, West Towne knows very little about customer service. It's very upsetting to see Apple clouted by such a poor representation of what they claim to stand for.
2	I'll start by saying the store is a complete zoo. Avoid nights and weekends, if possible. I made an appointment online and checked in when I got there. After waiting 40 minutes past my appointment, I asked if I was close to the top of the list. The lady said I was almost next, so be patient and someone will come over.It wasn't clear who was going to help me or how many people were waiting, but eventually (about 50 minutes after my appointment time) Darnell came up and checked out my phone. I was having trouble with the battery and needed a few accessories. He ran a utility that showed how robust my battery was showed me the little graph. After reviewing that my battery wasn't great, but also not terrible, he recommended I hold off on the $85 battery replacement and wait for my next upgrade.Darnell provided some awesome advice, but I felt like I had to beg for any kind of help. Why do they use the appointment system if you end up waiting anyway?
5	My husband and I were new to the iphone.  We needed to set up our phones but could not remember our  Apple  ID password.  Jake helped us with every question we had.  He helped us set up two separate accounts. We didn't have a clue of how to make two accounts. Jake made us feel it was 'ok' not to know everything. He was positive, attentive and extremely helpful even though he was very busy. I just love Apple Store West Towne because of people like Jake. I have been smiling the rest of the day.  Thanks for the great service!
5	I usually loathe going to the Apple Store because of how busy it usually is.  The weird thing is employees always outnumber customers about 10:1 (joking a bit).  Well this time I had to visit the store to replace a phone that was under warranty that I accidentally smashed the weekend prior.  I made my appointment online the day before.  When I walked into the store I was promptly greeted, checked-in and led to a stool where I could wait.  After only a minute or two Alex came over to help.  I showed her my phone and the mess it was in.  After only a minute of typing in a few serial numbers and such she told me she would run to the back to grab my new phone.  After syncing the new phone to my iCloud I just had to wait about 10 mins while everything reset.  In those 10 mins Alex came to check up on me 2 different times to see if it was ready.  I walked into the store with a shattered phone and walked out less than 25 mins later with a new phone and everything synced and ready to go from my old phone.
2	Went to the Apple store because my iPhone 4S wifi wouldn't connect to secured servers. Before scheduling an appointment, I had my boyfriend who is a computer scientist and IOS Mobile App Developer take a look. After playing around with the phone, he suggested we take it to the Apple Store because he figured it was a technical issue and wanted them to run a diagnosis test. We got lucky super one day. Went right on the website and saw 1 appointment slot available for the rest of the weekend for 10:40am on a Saturday. Get there, checked in and waited a good 20 minutes for our guy came to see it. I am 100% positive we were forgotten about. Other people who came well after us were getting helped before we did. We sought an associate to see what was the deal and he said someone was coming in a very rude way. Whatever. I just want to know what is wrong with my phone. Finally, after waiting another 5 minutes, our guy comes ( am not sure what to call them). I let my boyfriend do the talking since he is far my advanced than I am when it comes to technology. He suggest to the Apple associate that he should try to connect to a secure server and not the guest wifi. The guy ignored my BF and connects to the guest wifi and thinks there is nothing wrong with the phone. We told him connecting to unsecured accounts wasn't the issue before hand and he didn't listen. OK fine. I am OK with you not just taking our word for it. He tells us he doesn't know the secured wifi for the store password which I find hard to believe but because there was a network called "Apple Break Room Wifi" or something to that extent. As a sales associate, I expect you do know the break room wifi. He seemed upset that he has to go find it. We asked him if he would run a diagnosis and he refused. I was beyond annoyed. At this point, I wanted to say "F" it and just leave the store. He tracks down the password and behold, everything we told him panned out. My phone wouldn't connect to secured wifi servers! He then gives us some bogus instructions for how to fix it and was trying to pretty much kick us out of the store because he no longer wanted to work with us. Good thing I brought my BF with me. He started speaking more "technical" jargon in which the Apple associate realizes he was not speaking with your typical customer but actually someone who knows what he is talking about. He quickly changes his approach and actually started to try to help us out. In fact, my BF starts thinking out loud giving himself instructions and the Apple Associate pretty much seemed over his head. It was a wasted trip. I honestly feel, and I am not trying to use the sexist card, had I walked into the Apple store by myself, they totally would have sent me on my way without trying to see to it that I was somewhat satisfied with my visit. Instead, I bring a (male) person who knows possibly more than they do totally showed him up and we finally were treated with some respect. I avoid Apple Store at all cost. They are always extremely busy, waiting times are horrible even with an appointments and it's hard to get quality assistance. I think this has a lot to do with people coming into the store who are just there to go on the internet. It's cool to have an Apple Store in Madison but I almost feel like there needs to be two. For the amount of people who own Apple products, this one store cannot keep up with the demand and it totally affects customer service. In the end, I had to get my phone replaced by the cell phone provider. Thanks for nothing, Apple.
5	love this store! It's very clean, people are friendly and it's close to my house.
1	There are people that work at The Apple Store that I adore (hi Katie and Paul!) but there is an undeniable issue with the way they treat customers who need technical support, I'm flabbergasted they don't have a way to better manage time, employee resources and shit, my expectations of what's a reasonable amount of time to wait for a technician! It's just downright insane, and the fact that they can't tell you anything about the wait makes it worse.
2	A few years ago I had an absolutely amazing customer service experience at this apple store.  I dropped my Macbook and had to replace it right before new ones were coming out.  When the new, far more powerful ones were released, I figured it would be worth a shot to bring it in and say that mine had crashed a few times (that's true).  They not only replaced it with one of the new ones, but gave me a hard drive that was twice the size of the one I had purchased.  There was no charge whatsoever and I was literally in and out in under ten minutes.  It was incredible. It made me feel like my decision to buy a premium product for a premium price had paid off, since I got premium service.   I told everyone about it.   Fast forward to three weeks ago when I bought a new Iphone 6.  I reserved a phone on the web site and took the bus to the mall.  When I showed up, almost two hours had passed since I placed the order.  Nonetheless, when I showed up at the store, it hadn't been processed.  So my phone was in the back of the store, my payment had gone through, but their system hadn't handled it yet.  Instead of figuring out a way to resolve this, the employee I spoke to told me to wait for an email.  I ended up waiting in the food court for another hour.  That sure wasn't premium service, but it as the sort of thing I could overlook.Then last week I heard from my dad, who is the account holder on our family plan.  Apparently, through no fault of my own, I had somehow ended up selecting a billing option that was going to cost us about $300 a year for no good reason whatsoever.  (The entire explanation is too boring to go into-- trust me, though, it was their fault).After \  many, many, many hours on the phone w/ ATT, it was determined that I needed approval from an Apple Store manager to switch the plan.  So I called them.  At least I tried to.  They didn't pick up their phone.  For four hours.  I started a web support chat.  The rep tried to call them.  They didn't pick up.  Finally, after hours I screamed at the automated prompt: "Put me on with a f***ing person!" That cued an automated response: "We are sorry for your frustration!" Then, magically, I got a person.  (By the way, no one ever seemed to acknowledge how insanely unacceptable it was that they didn't answer their phone.)To make a long story a little shorter-- when I finally went into the store, they were unable to help me because despite the fact that ATT and Apple have been partners for over seven years, they are still completely incapable of communicating with each other.  (Again, it's a long, stupid, frustrating story. You'll have to take my word for it.) When it became clear that we were going to be out 300 bucks, I asked the manager what he could do for me to take away the bad taste caused by their utter incompetence.  He hemmed and hawed and then asked, "What would it take to make you happy?" I replied, "An iPad.  If you give me an iPad, I'll not only be happy, but I'll go back to raving about what incredible customer service Apple has."  He scoffed at that and offered me... a case for my iPhone.  That's right, he offered me a $20 piece of plastic to compensate me for at least 25 hours on the phone and $300 in losses.  I scoffed at that and we finally agreed to an upgrade to Applecare+ and a replacement cord for my laptop.  It felt like I had to fight for every inch here.  I told these guys exactly what they could do to make me happy and they refused to do it.  And lest you think that this was an unreasonable request, think about it this way: I've probably spent somewhere in the neighborhood of $10,000 on Apple products in the last fifteen years.  I'd likely spend tens of thousands of dollars more over the course of my life.  I'd continue to tell people about what incredible customer service Apple has.  They could have secured thousands in profits for a few hundred bucks.  They chose not to.  Apple products used to be better than their competitors'.  They're not anymore, and I knew that.   The only reason I kept buying them was because I thought I'd get a premium experience--that if there were a problem it would be solved in a way that impressed me without wasting hours on the phone.  They don't have that advantage anymore.  They're just the guys selling the same thing as everyone else for much, much more money.Nice work, Apple.  (The only reason they get two stars is that one employee, Patrick, was really very good in dealing with the morons at ATT.  He's also the only person who seemed sincerely sorry about my experience.  Thanks, Patrick.  You did a MUCH better job than your bosses.  Tell them to pick up their phone when it rings.  Oh, and I'd still be glad to take that iPad if you guys decide that spending a few hundred bucks now is worth thousands and thousands in profits over the next twenty years.  Something tells me that this isn't in the cards.)
1	After a two-week long debacle that ended without a satisfying resolution (see my initial review) I sent an email to Apple CEO Tim Cook.  That got a response from a person named Jason.  Like everyone at Apple, Jason was courteous and polite (which I appreciate).  And, like everyone at Apple, he was unable or unwilling to make an extraordinary gesture to compensate me for an extraordinarily bad experience.  After 30 minutes on the phone with him, I had the distinct impression that he had called me to convince me that they had done a very good job.  Here's some news for you: you didn't do a good job.  I told you you didn't do a good job.  And I told you exactly what I would consider to be an appropriate remedy for the incredibly bad job you did.Perhaps my favorite part of this conversation was when Jason told me-- and I am not making this up-- that Apple "isn't concerned about profits."Is that a joke?  Everyone knows that Apple has higher profit margins than anyone else in the business.  Am I seriously supposed to believe that this somehow all happens by accident?  Hint: don't assume that I am incredibly stupid just because I have spent years paying your ridiculous markups.
5	After running multiple diagnostic tests at home I finally made the trek to the Genius Bar at West Towne Apple Store. Keep in mind this is a Saturday afternoon in December, before Christmas. The mall and this store are complete chaos!Upon arrival I was greeted by an employee who checked me in for my 12:45 appointment and escorted me to the oasis in the back, aka, the Genius Bar. They were finishing with other customers when I arrived but were quick to acknowledge my presence and let me know they'd be with me right away.The first guy on my case was Hugh. There happen to be two people named Hugh, and I didn't get a last name or initial. He ran some additional diagnostics. I'm not an IT person, so I'm not sure what was happening, but I was VERY pleased that he didn't start by repeating everything I'd already done at home this morning. Apple has its own diagnostic equipment that takes the problem resolution to the next level, which is what I needed, and it was efficient. This probably has something to do with the fact that you cannot schedule a Genius Bar appointment without having completed a diagnostic test at home first.Long story short, this is my work computer, which has layers of security that the Apple folks can't completely bypass, but they were able to figure out how to unlock my documents and photos so I could save them to an external device. Having this peace of mind as I go to work on Monday is extremely valuable, as they think the IT folks at work are going to have to wipe out my hard drive.About half way through my 2+ hours there, Hugh consulted with Greg, who was also extremely helpful and ended up taking over my case. Both guys were great and told me what they were doing each step of the way. If something was going to run for a while, they'd tell me they were going to help another customer and then promptly return. So, even though they couldn't completely resolve my problem, I appreciated the way I was treated throughout the process, which is the reason for the 5-star review.
