5	Was disappointed to find out that 'Thats a Wrap' had closed it's doors but very happy to report that an even better restaurant took it's place! The girls that run the place are very sweet and make a mean sandwich. I had the West Coast wrap and the spicy ranchero sauce is FAB!! They give you a really nice sized portion of fruit too, all for $7. You can't beat it! They have mustaches everywhere (even on their bags) and it's a cute place. Plus when you leave they give you Ghiradelli chocolates. Can't wait to try more of the menu as D'Lish is a great lunch spot and has super friendly staff!
5	Super great service! Generous portions and super friendly staff. Fresh ingredients and tasty flavors! The atmosphere was warm and trendy and prices were very reasonable. I recommend 'the Stache' wrap and mixed berry chicken salad! Great find! New lunch spot for sure!
4	Taking off one star for service, I was the only person in the place and the place next door was packed, but I wanted to check out this spot.  It was cute inside, one ladiy said hi, the other who took my order was very blah blah.  ordered the asian chicken salad, does not look like the picture in this site lol...but they cooked the chicken fresh, it had a nice flavor and the salad was good, I would come back, but ladies please work on your customer serivce a bit!
5	We had 60 people coming into town for a meeting last week, and needed a lunch that would make everyone happy. D'Lish was a fabulous choice!  The staff was so helpful in planning the menu, and gave us a great selection to choose from.  The presentation showed a great attention to detail, and the food was delicious and healthy!  It gave everyone just the boost we needed to keep working :)I would absolutely recommend D'Lish for your next work meeting!
5	In their third incarnation since I started coming here in November of 2011, this is by far the best.  The salads are super fresh and the chicken is very tasty.  I have tried three salads so far and all were great, although I am kind of addicted to the Mediterranean.  My buddies usually get one of the wraps, which I hear are super good.  They do take out and also have enough seating for parties up to about 8.  Very affordable, very healthy, and very fresh.  Try it!
5	Found this place on yelp.The mustaches drew me in, but the food will keep me around for a very long time! The food was AMAZING!! So fresh and fantastic flavoring! The staff was super friendly and helpful when we were trying to decide on what we wanted.
5	Very charming cafe with excellent food that fits its name. The portion was perfect and the service impeccable. Price is also right. I had "where's the beef" wrap which was mouthwatering. Will definitely come back.
5	Best. Salad. Ever. (Honey chicken.)
4	Everyone at my office LOVES this place, on my first day in my new office my wonderful boss took me out here and told me that D'lish is the go-to-place. It's a cute little cafe so I wasn't expecting much, but boy, do they make a GREAT salad. I really love their Mediterranean with Chicken. It's the perfect size, not a bad price, and the veggies are fresh and ripe! I just ordered for take out today, and I will say that the portions you get when you dine in are larger than the take out, which kind of bummed me out, but the salad was still D'Lish (haha!) I will keep going here, but I might just order in, and box it myself to get the larger portion. Great place for local business, and a quick lunch!
5	I went with a friend and was amazed at the yummy Thanksgiving wrap! OMG! I have had other turkey sandwiches with cranberry sauce etc..this was a grilled wrap filled with juicy marinated turkey...so moist. Cranberry chutney...YUM! and the best part...those crispy onions things you put on the infamous green bean casserole! HOLY COW! CRUNCHY, warm and pure HEAVEN! My friend had a salad and said it was good....just good. Nothing to write home about.
5	Love! Love! Love! I work at 22nd Avenue and McDowell and there really isn't much in the way of healthy food that's relatively quick and won't cost you an arm and a leg. Organic and NON-GMO is something that's also very important to me, but good luck finding all three of those things within 10 miles of my work. I first found D'Lish on Urban Spoon around a month ago, and have since been back enough to fill up my "buy 7, get your 8th free" card. I cannot say enough great things about this place! I've tried something new every time I've gone back and have yet to find something I didn't love. And, their garlic fries.... I'm practically drooling now just thinking about them! Not to mention the complimentary strawberry basil water!If you haven't gone here yet, you don't know what you're missing. This place makes eating healthy feel like a treat!
5	This is absolutely some of the best food that I've eaten in a very long time.  I go to D'Lish Cafe at least once a week (buy 7 and get the 8th free is a plus).  The owner is a lovely woman that takes owning a cafe seriously.  The staff is very friendly and the decor is precious!  My fave food from here is the garlic style sweet potato fries.  They're irresistible!  I could eat the whole order by myself, but don't want to look like a jerk, so I share.  I have never had anything here that was bad.  I love that it's organic, too.  Wonderful, wonderful, wonderful place to eat.
4	the food is fantastic, fresh and delicious, but what i love most about this place is the contrast between the front of house and back. two conservatively dressed women run the kitchen while a young white guy sings and dances to EDM while taking orders. it's a riot. but back to the food. there are a lot of meat dishes, but dancing guy is super helpful by offering to substitute almost any vegetable or combination of veggies to replace the meat. and it always works. the salads are big and great, wraps are too, and the fries are delightful.
5	I absolutely love this place. There is not one thing I have tried that I did not like . It's fresh, filling and a healthy option. I look forward to my lunch time everyday because I know I am always in for a treat . The staff is great and the place is super cute . They have amazing garlic fries too and fresh home made hummus is a big plus. They open on weekends now so when I am on call I just swoop in and get my DLish fix- thank you finally a good place to get good food and for a good price !
3	Pretty good little lunch spot.  Food is simple, fresh, and flavorful.  Nice change of scenery after spending so much time in the hospital.
5	This place lives up to its name, fresh food, good quality produce, delicious combinations, generous portion size.  Ordered 5 salads, 3 fries and a soup today.  They accommodated our requests for dressings on the side, chicken on the side, gluten free, change the type of cheese, make one vegetarian, add dates to another.  All of the salads were awesome (Mixed Berry Chicken and Honey Grill Chicken), lentil Soup, tasty Sweet Potato Fries and Garlic Fries.  Yummy - I mean D'lish!
5	Quality salad. Had to go back for the mixed berry and chicken salad. The berries were fresh and plentiful. The chicken had a tasty flavor, not too much nor too little.
5	I tried this place for the very first time today after being recommended this spot from the hospital staff. They raved so much about it I had to try on my own. I tried the Greek Goddess salad and the homemade hummus.The salad was phenomenal. The gyro meat was amazing and I got full off the salad alone.  The hummus was the best I have had in AZ so far. The staff was super friendly even though they were slammed when I went in with customers. I heard others saying the food was Dlish and now I can see exactly what they were talking about. The owner Zeeko ( sorry if I spelled wrong) was awesome and they hooked me up with 20% off discount coupons for my next visit. I will definitely be coming back for more. I highly recommend this place if you are in the area.
5	This place was a hole in the wall across from the hospital.  The tables are no-fuss and the place definitely has a strip mall vibe.  That said, the salad was amazing. For just $6.50 I received a "small" salad--a large container of mixed greens, romaine lettuce, chicken, blue cheese, raspberries, blueberries, strawberries, blackberries, candied walnuts, and craisins.  The fruit was extremely fresh and was so flavorful that I didn't even need any dressing.  I had to wait a while for the food to be made, but that is because the chicken was piping hot when I received it.  They clearly cooked the chicken to order.I would highly recommend D'Lish for fresh food that just makes you feel better after eating it.
5	Such a great find! Love the scene...food was great, everyone around eating were talking about how good it was. Very good customer service. Truly a diamond in the rough. I recommend you try anything, I don't think you will be disappointed!
5	I MASTACHE you you come here :)I took my sissy here, it was her first time. :)A hole in the wall place, great decor and cute sense of humor to this place.Then sweet potato fries is wonderfully amazing, the chipotle sauce that goes with it is super tasty and has a good aftertaste. My nephew had the chocolate chip waffles, it was alright. Just regular waffles not anything amazing. I I had the vegetarian wrap wi5h fruits. It was declious minus the olives. I shall come back
5	The food is wonderful!  I ate the egg fajita.  The chicken was well seasoned and the avocado was fresh and creamy!  The staff were also friendly and gave our table a complimentary basket of garlic Parmesan fries.  Yum!  I will definitely eat here again.
5	Great inexpensive wraps.  Just right sized for meal.  Fruit side is outstanding. Garlic fries are tasty if you don't mind an unhealthy indulgence.  Free flavored water out of this world.  Felt guilty how low the bill was compared to quality.  I've been back a few times and will keep returning.  I just wish they were open for dinner.
1	Hopefully this place goes out of business soon as I have no idea why these guys opened a business which requires interacting with the public. When I walked in there were two guys by the counter where you order. Even though I was their only customer neither of them greeted me and actually seemed as though they were annoyed that they had a customer. Even though the hours indicated that they opened thirty minutes prior, I felt so uncomfortable that I asked if they were open. The one guy said yes, but when I asked the other a question about the menu he seemed really annoyed and answered only reluctantly. After attempting another question and getting more attitude I just left. According to other reviews I read I was anxious to try their food but they clearly do not treat customers as customers and as far as I could tell, hate their jobs. If being treated like crap in a divey little hole in the wall is your thing, this is the place!
4	Oh man! This just might be my new favorite spot for lunch! Scrolling through yelp, looking for something new and I saw this place. I was not disappointed. Food was prepared in a timely manner.Our server was nice and funny.And the food, well let's just say "D'lish" (get it) I had the Skinny Parm Wrap.It was light, but very filling. Great flavors, and the sun dried tomatoes just made the wrap!I'm excited to try something new from there next time I go, and mark my words there will be a next time!
2	Dlish didn't really live up to my expectations when I decided to stop in today for lunch. The menu was pretty disjointed (gyro? Thanksgiving wrap? Buffalo chicken?) but I chalked it up to variety, and tried the thanksgiving wrap while my husband had the dlish special (steak and such) and we got some salt and pepper fries to split. The server taking our order was very quiet, and was not very professional in his dress or demeanor. The fries were pretty good, they served them with ranch dressing. Pretty standard fried sticks of potatoes. Not a lot of salt of pepper for calling them that.I decided on the thanksgiving wrap because I like a certain local sandwich shop's thanksgiving Sammy - this was not that. I almost wish it was served cold - it was pretty mushy and lacked seasoning to me. My husband said his was just okay (I didn't taste it though). Maybe we ordered the wrong things, or it was a bad day, but I still don't get the mustache thing.
4	I purchased the 2 Groupon deal and will be back. It seemed a little strange that after I told the guy what I wanted, we went a cleared a table instead of taking my order... Maybe it's a cultural difference. Good thing the food made up for the awkwardness!Today I had the Greek Goddess Salad (gyro meat, feta, cherry tomatoes and olives) and a side of Garlic Fries. Had I not read the Yelp reviews, I wouldn't have known to order the fries since the sides were not displayed anywhere within the store- but man I am glad I did. They smelled terrific and were worth the calories! The salad was at the recommendation of the cashier and it didn't disappoint. The meat was tender and seasoned perfectly. The veggies were fresh and crisp. Overall, the salad was very filling by itself. The salad, fries and a drink cost me exactly the value of the Groupon - $12. I feel obligated to point out that I didn't see anything in the store about a combo either... So maybe he just pulled this price out of nowhere when he saw my Groupon.In conclusion - the food was delicious and I would have given 5 stars if the combo option and side prices were clearly displayed.
5	Holy Batman was that a great salad!  Berry Chicken was awesome.  Seriously...worth driving the 20 minutes on lunch to get it.  Veggie wrap was amazing as well.  Cannot find one thing to complain about.  Can't wait to try other items (which will be soon...like tomorrow!)  I asked the gentleman at the counter if they would modify a few things on a future order (sub chicken for gyro) and his answer was "of course!".  Nice job D'Lish!
1	I wish I could write a review about how excellent the food was at D'lish but I don't know. The website says they are open Monday through Sunday from 10 - 3; however, when we arrived at 11:10 Sunday, the doors were locked and it was dark inside contrary to the "Come in.  We're open. " sign on the door. The hours on the door were 10:30 - 3. No big deal.....just a half hour difference from the website but if you call the message on the answering machine informs you that they are open Monday through Friday only. What is it? Are they open on weekends or not?  I tried to get the answer by messaging them on the website only to receive an error stating that the message could not go through. I guess they don't want the business with all the inconsistency. What a waste of a Restaurant.com gift certificate!
4	Stake wraps and sweet potato fries are D'lish !! haven't tried all the salads and wraps but this place has not disappointed me yet my girl co-workers say the cashier is creepy lol but out side of that I got nothing bad to say it's clean small cute place decent service healthy n good food can't complain me my self personally
3	I bought a couple of Groupons for this place and was super excited to try it when I looked at the menu online.  If you are getting your food to go, I suggest ordering ahead of time for pick up.  It wasn't terribly long of a wait, but the kind of creepy guy behind the cash register made it a bit uncomfortable.  First, he wouldn't even look at the 3 of us, kept his head down the whole time, and didn't hear what we were saying and we kept having to repeat it.  While we were waiting, a couple came in and stood at the cash register for probably about 5-10 minutes, and was totally ignored by this man who was coming and going right by the register - they ended up leaving.  It was not busy, there were only 3 tables with diners at the time.  Also, I'm going to go there... he could have used a shower, a clean t-shirt, and some deodorant too.  It was no bueno when he walked past us to deliver food.  That being said... when we got back to the office, and actually ate the food, it was really good!  I'm giving it 3 stars just because of the creepy guy behind the register.  I would give it 4 1/2 to 5 stars for the wrap.  That part was fantastic!
1	I am not quick to give a restaurant a bad review, especially smaller local restaurants. I usually give second chances but this place was outright horrible! This place has bad, awkward, rude service & the food was between mediocre & bad. The menu said "make any wrap vegan!" so I asked what that was about and the guy answered "vegans don't eat meat or cheese so we'll just take out the meat & cheese" and I asked "so you dont have vegan subsitutes?" He said, "oh fake meat? No". This was such a rude & weird response! I was offended & I'm not even vegan! Don't fake and act like your restaurant is vegan friendly when its not & then mock the vegan diet on top of it! This place is just weird. No thanks.
1	By the stars you already know this won't be a glowing review. You've got to be BAD to deserve it, especially if you aren't a chain. This place does.So the story goes... I was attending a seminar downtown and am TRYING to be healthy. I really do enjoy a good salad and was in the mood. I found this place nearby (Using Yelp of course) and was looking forward to it.I was STARVING when I got there, which would typically sway a review to the positive side, and got one large and one small salad. Hey... I said I was staring... For the large I got a cobb because I like them about 100% of the time because of the meat, cheese, egg, etc.This cobb was disgusting. Strong words but it was. Processed chunks of turkey with tasteless turkey bacon on top. No egg but did have avocado. Other than the lettuce and spinach it was the only thing edible. Even the blue cheese dressing which they buy, I'm sure of it, was really bad also. Nonetheless I cleaned my bowl like a good boy but I was really scratching my head because it is rare when Yelp leads me this far astray. The second salad was going to be good for sure!So... I dug into it. This one was the "Steak Escape". I was looking forward to it when I ordered it and really looking forward to it after the abomination I just choked down. WOW more like the steak escaped from the frozen food aisle at the Dollar store. It wasn't actually steak, but frozen thin slices of beef that they warmed up, and thoroughly dried out, on the flat top. Kind of like when you get cheesesteak but they didn't even bother to chop it up to make it look appetizing. Just put the flat rectangle on top of the salad along with three or so tomatoes. I don't remember seeing any peppers or onions. I couldn't believe it was possible but I think it was even worse than the first salad.Side note: If you want a FANTASTIC, knock your socks off, tell all your friends, beef salad try the Spicy Chicago Beef Salad at Half Moon by the Biltmore. Sooooo good and a good portion (I can only eat one of those)Now back to D'Lish. This place bills itself as a healthy, kind of hip, place but is churning out processed junk. It's been two weeks and I'm still shaking my head. Disgraceful salads. Really they were.Oh... the guy at the counter was really strange too. Sweating for no apparent reason and looking shifty. Remember that guy at the pawn shop in the movie Men In Black?... I was waiting for Will Smith to bust in and blast off his head and another, even sweatier one to grow back.No second chances for this place, especially since I tried two things my first visit.
4	A rose by any other name would doubtfully smell as sweet. D'Lish is probably my new favorite lunch time place. The salads and wraps are to die for. My favorite salad is the Greek Goddess, chock-full of gyro meat, feta, and sweet cherry tomatoes on a bed of dark leafy greens. Ya know, the kind your doc tells you to eat.  Unlike some other Yelpers I have yet to have a bad experience and my lunch companions usually concur that the experience is agreeable. We order, we pay, we sit, we get what we order, we eat the delicious things we order, and then we leave. Derp 0_o IMO if you're unhappy, you're probably doing it wrong. :)
1	This restaurant is closed and has not been here for 3 months!  I just bought a groupon 5 days ago and was going to meet a friend there and what a mess!  REPEAT- even though their website is still up which doesn't make any sense, they are no longer in business! ;(
4	Stopped by for brunch. The food is healthy and fresh. The hummus was pretty decent and even my husband enjoyed his buffalo wrap.
1	Opened thirty minutes late and the staff were setting up the kitchen and front of house while a couple and myself sat and read the menu. The couple took a long time to argue about using one groupon apiece and the kitchen was still setting up so I left. Hours are wrong on their website and please don't put that you open at 10am when you are starting to set up your kitchen at 10:30. Appetite Xpress next door was delicious for a sandwich and they had their prep work done. This is the worst of the D'lish's I've been to and the one on Apache is my main place across the street from my apartment.
