2	Working here was one of the reasons I was "festively plump" during high school.  Although I worked at the Glendale location before (a loooong time ago), this one is equally as bad.My family used to be enticed by anything with "buffet" in the name.  Oh geez, the stories we have about this place are endless and none of which fall under appropriate topics for dinner conversation.The food isn't that great, as it's hard to ensure quality when you make food in such large quantities.  Plus, the eating habits of some of the clientle will make you worry.  I fail to see the point of eating a salad drowning in ranch.  Two stars for their dessert selection.  Hot, piping bread pudding a la mode was my guilty pleasure..just don't eat too much.
4	i like old country alot. the selection and quality is better then most other buffets in their category.  for dessert lovers, they offer a much bigger selection. i don't eat anything with sugar, and this is one of the few buffets that offers any kind of sugar free dessert. hometown does not. this place is much better then hometown in all ways. however, old country is not open during the week for breakfast. they have  nice dinner items such as cooked to order steaks, roast beef, shrimp, and alot of other choices. pricing is fair.
3	If you want to fill your belly to the rim and aren't too picky about what goes in, then this is your place.Old Country is a lot better than Hometown buffet, even though they're the same parent company and have much of the same food.Here at Old Country, there's a grill where they cook steak, kilbasa, chicken, burgers, and dogs.  They've also got a mexican food bar that the other place doesn't have.There is a lot of everything, it's just nothing spectacular when it comes to taste or quality.I love boofays.
2	Allow me to break it down.Arrive at a boofay and pay at 8:37pm (per receipt).  After taking a seat and gathering drinks, proceed to boofay tables to commence face stuffing selections.  Notice a lot of usual items absent or severely depleted.Ask Too-Much-Cologne-Stinky-Manager-Guy at cash register what time is closing time.When he replies 9pm, but you may continue to eat until 9:30, I confirm that they will continue to replenish food items up until 9pm, otherwise I want to get refund and forget it, there's not enough time.He assures that they'll continue cooking and asks me to simply inform him of any missing items.  I do -- two main entree items that they advertise as 'signature' items.I wait around for the items they're supposed to be cooking, all the while watching as other dishes become emptied and are not refilled.  I ask about the original two, and one of these other dishes, and Polite-but-Unfortunate-Puppet-for-Stinky-Cologne-Manager Asst Manager goes in the back and comes out to tell me they aren't cooking anymore. I relay to him my previous convo with Too-Much-Cologne-Stinky-Manager-Guy and say what gives?  After checking with Too-Much-Cologne-Stinky-Manager-Guy in a mysterious back office location, Polite-but-Unfortunate-Puppet-for-Stinky-Cologne-Manager Asst Manager informs me that it has been decided that it's not appropriate for me to receive a refund in this situation and there's nothing he can do.I remind Polite-but-Unfortunate-Puppet-for-Stinky-Cologne-Manager Asst Manager that I paid by credit card, and if I truly have not received the goods that I paid for, I'll just file a dispute with them.  He goes in the back again. (am I buying a car, here, or what?)Upon return, Polite-but-Unfortunate-Puppet-for-Stinky-Cologne-Manager Asst Manager presents me with a business card, on the back of which Too-Much-Cologne-Stinky-Manager-Guy has hand written a note entitling me to one (1) free adult boofay at any time of day.There were three of us in the party, and apparently Too-Much-Cologne-Stinky-Manager-Guy has decided that since I'm the only one complaining then I must be the only one who deserves a free meal credit.Poor customer service has made me second guess my love of cheap ass boofays.  I guess i'll just stick with my nasty indie china boofays and avoid this WalMart of Culinary Mass Volume all together.
4	I like going here because it takes the guess work out of "whats for dinner" Get whatever the you want... Example: Kid #1 had mac n cheese, meat loaf and bread. Example: Kid #2 had jello and peperoni, and something else. Example: I had steak, Jojo's, baja lime chicken, garlic bread, grilled veggies and carrots.Round 2K#1 had chicken leg, bread, ham, mashed potato'sK#2 had baked fish and a rollI had more baja lime chicken, garlic bread and a dry hunk of roast. DessertK#1 made a god awful mess of brownie, and fudge, ice cream and sprinkles.k#2 had twist ice creamI had banana puddingAfter writing what I just ate I think I should be ashamed. BUT I never over do it at buffet's. In fact I fell good, not stuffed or anything.   The only bad thing was the price. $30 bucks, it used to be $99 cents for kids and not $12 for adults. BTW (12 and over is adult) Lame...
4	As we've seen some of the Old Country Buffets  here in the Valley close (& ALL BUT ONE of their brother restaurants Hometown Buffet!), the remaining stores are knocking themselves out to have everything just right, which I really appreciated on my visit to this one recently.First off, there was tasty Clam Chowder, along with two other soups to choose from.  Over on the salad bar, there were two kinds of tasty cheese to enjoy, as well as their creamy, delicious cottage cheese, & the generous selection of everything else you expect to put together a delicious salad.  (The now put some pre-tossed ones out too, ala Sweet Tomatoes & Souper Salad).Over at my very comfortable, properly lighted booth I was greeted by "Terry", who provided great table service.  In the background, excellent oldies music played softly.This is ordinary American food, because that's what it is!!  Everything was good, kept at the proper temperature, & the trays were refreshed regularly.  At the end, there were plenty of delicious desserts, including a couple of my favorites, Coconut Cream Pie, & Hot Lava Cake.Lunch Buffet $6.89, Sr. $6.29.  (Less than this if you come a little before 11 AM on Saturday or Sunday, more if you come later.)
4	This review is for the breakfast buffet at this Old Country. I came here for Sunday breakfast, really hungry after a long tiring Saturday with very little to eat,  and it turned out to be a good choice. In addition to typical American breakfast fare (waffles, pancakes, french toast, ham, bacon, sausage, biscuits and gravy, etc.), they also offered menudo and had an omelette bar and a taco bar. I sampled most of the items and the only thing I didn't care for were the pancakes, which were dry. Everything else was good, including the menudo which I enjoyed a lot. The restaurant itself is clean and spacious and the staff is friendly and efficient. I'm looking forward to trying their lunch and dinner buffets soon.
3	OK so its an Old Country Buffet.  That pretty much sums it up.  Never been to OCB?  How about Golden Corral? The food comes from a food service and is heated back up... how else could they serve so much for so little?  You can get a pretty good bang for your buck here.  TIP - sign up for their emails, and you'll get some BOGO coupons.We go here a few times a year when we feel like being fat and eating nasty food, its a guilty pleasure.  Really what we go for is the entertainment.  Trust me - you will be the skinniest person in sight.  There's always something fun to keep you entertained, last time there was a woman (mother?) who kept putting her hands up her (7ish year old?) daughter's shirt, and down her skirt.  Something was probably up.  The time before that, the hippo family (really just the mom and dad) kept burping as loud as they could throughout the meal.  It must have been a contest.OK, food:  They usually have a guy at the grill cooking steaks.  Not bad steak for a buffet.  Pot roast is usually a safe bet, as is baked chicken.  They have all the usual canned, salty veggies as well as a lackluster taco bar, average salad bar, and enough desserts to keep the kids screaming.  Unfortunately they lack what every good buffet should have - good, fresh rolls/biscuits.  Don't bother.  Service: Pretty good, they come by pretty often to clear dirty plates and offer drink refills.  Overall the servers are probably a lot happier than they should be for working here, but just as well that way.Should you eat here?  Of course!  Go on a night you feel like gorging/heading for a heart attack.  After a glance around the dining room you'll feel a lot better about your figure!
5	Wow, it took me a year & a half after I started eating here to get around to posting a review of this place, & now it's taken me a long time to give it a update.  That's not right!     :-O     Ok, so here we go:You see, I come here OFTEN... maybe once every 2 weeks or so for the last 2 years!  Yes there are "top, top" favorite buffets to enjoy, but THIS is where I actually AM just about any time.  Take yesterday, for example:I was home & a little "down".  What to do?  That's easy...  comfort food!  ... and what better place to go get it than this Old Country Buffet.  Now, when I'm with others, I may prefer Golden Corral a little, but this place has cozy booths & it's just right for the single diner who needs a little cheer-me-up.The food here is not "out of this world", it's Grandma's home cooking.  Never great but always good, & although they do vary the food some, it's always about the same.I enjoyed a big meal & left nice & happy.  I drove home singing, "How Can I Keep from Singing" by Enya & had a great rest of the day.  That's how it is here, & how it gets 5 Stars from me!     :-))Weekday Lunch Buffet $6.99/$5.99 Sr.
3	They have a grill for those steaks that u are craving for. Typical ham and roast beef! It was good for the price and for my boys who are at that age they can't stop eating.
5	I would refer you back to my 2/8/11 review regarding lunch here, but here's just a note regarding their Breakfast Buffet, which I enjoyed today for the zillionth time.  It's weekends only & AMAZINGLY inexpensive at $5.79/$5.49 Sr!  One of my favorite treats this morning was the Menudo.  It was very tasty, had just the right amount of hominy in it, & the tripe was tender.  The deep-fried hash brown triangles were crispy on the outside & not too greasy, the Italian Sausage was excellent, & everything else about both the food & the restaurant was just tops for this type of place.  Fine, it's not Champagne Jazz Brunch at Verona Chophouse, but it's also not $30!Another big Woohoo for Old Country Buffet, Metro!     :-))
2	This is the place for consuming mass quantities. None of it is really good, but none of it is bad. There's enough variety to make it interesting. There's a lot of space, but the tables get pretty close and it can be awkward moving around at crowded meal times.
4	Stopped back in here for lunch today, joined by Arlin B.  I wasn't quite as crazy about the food items they had out today as sometimes, such as no cottage cheese or European sausage, but the food here is always good, there's plenty of variety, it's inexpensive, & the management of the place & the atmosphere are always just as they should be.     :-))Yay for Old Country Buffet!
4	Prepare to pay big bucks for this buffet if you go during dinner.  The price plus your drink is ridiculous especially if your buying say for a family of four.  However, if you go during lunch its more affordable and ends up being a great value.The food is delicious depending on when you go ( last time we went at 3PM ) they had steaks, roast beef and ham in addition to chicken pizza and all the fixings including dessert and salad bar.I am not a big fan of their salad bar.  For some reason, it just doesn't look fresh and I love salads.  I frequent the salad buffets quite frequently.Anyways, go on an empty stomach and enjoy your buffet.  I sure do !I don't care who stares and what they have to say LOL its a buffet and I am hear to eat especially when I pay good money for it hahaha.In closing, if you love buffets give Old Country Buffet a try.  They are better than Hometown Buffet and definetly a little cheaper than Golden Corral.
3	Food OK, Its a Buffet. Was a little pricey. Clean food hot good service.
1	The last time I was there, They had the nerve to want to charge me for a to-go water for $.99 cent. F**** this place. I just got done dishing out $8.50 for lunch, then that was the icing on the cake.
5	My family & I have been here 4 times so far. So with that being said, I can say is safe to say its a Great place! The food is fresh & tasty great verity, healthy & hardy.Management & employees replenish the foods needed quickly. They all part take in a cleaned & maintained buffet for a very busy restaurant. The price $$ I feel is fair for the quality of the food & dinning experience. Remember no tipping is needed & they clean your mess. We love this place & it's our family dinning go to place!!
5	The food at Old country has been excellent every time I go there.  I highly recommend this restaurant.
4	The first time I had Thanksgiving lunch here with family and it was very good! They had a great variety of food, including salad bar, desserts, and a grill and a mixture of American, Asian, and Mexican dishes. One of my favorite desserts was mixing the orange sherbet with vanilla ice cream.
1	Decided to give this place a try on a whim while in the neighborhood last night. The food seemed of really low quality; most of it tasted boxed (instant). The staff was friendly and tentative and the steak I tried was tasty, but unfortunately those few positives aren't enough to bring me back/: I could've gotten something MUCH better and fresher with the $11.29 it cost me to dine here. Bummer!
4	= = = = = =  DAILY LUNCH AND DINNER BUFFET!  = = = = = =It's been nearly a year since the last Update from here for this popular Buffet, although I actually eat here quite often.  Today I was joined by Jackie C. and Mike C. for lunch and they had a generous selection of 108 food items out, plus sauces and dressings.  I was slightly disappointed not to find cottage cheese this time, but there was certainly plenty to eat, everything was being served up a the proper temperatures, the trays were kept full and the staff was friendly.This is "Grandma's cooking," more or less, and when you're in the mood for that, everything is right here and it's only $8.49/$7.99 at lunchtime.  Dinner is a little more, and the food a little fancier.  Weekends they are open for Breakfast Buffet at a lower price.This is a consistently good Buffet and you really can't go wrong eating here.     :-))
4	Headed here while we were out and about in the area and looking randomly for a place to eat. We passed this place and decided to head on in. Buffets are always good for having a variety of options for anyone in your party.The hubs was happy to see tacos as an option here! The ground beef was tasty and there were plenty of topping options that you could choose from and customize it the way you like it. The fried chicken was overdone, but the meatloaf was good! I didn't care for the ice cream, since it tasted a lot like a flavored whipped cream more than an ice cream - but the hubs enjoyed it, so it's totally a personal thing. The banana pudding, however, was very good.  Our waitress was very friendly and stopped by periodically to check in.Overall: B+It's Old Country Buffet - head in and expect some southern style down home cooking, and you'll be good to go!
1	Bad service!!! The girl upfront was an idiot the ice cream machine broken no ice and no cherry coke! The food is bla and it took the server 29 minutes to pick up out plates! Horrible horrible horrible! Never again
1	The food is poor quality.  The restaurant is filthy and the restrooms should be condemned.  Would not even recommended this restaurant to the dead.
1	I was there on my birthday June 30th with a friend of mine and we both got sick! Food poisoning! And when I tried to contact manager he never got back to me. I left a few messages an nothing! Never Again Going here!
3	Good food was really uncertain what I wanted for lunch so I stopped in here.  The food selection seems familiar basic country,asian, and Mexican fair.  My only complaints was that it was extremely muggy inside been one of the hottest days in Phoenix the a/c seem to be struggling a bit.  Also lots of water around the fountain drink on the floor please clean it up :)
1	If you are coming for the steak, be prepared to eat alone.  By the time you get your steak, the rest of your party will have finished.The steak is cooked to rare and placed into water to wait for your requested order.  Not very appetizing.The server places small servings on your plate following the long wait.  Old Country recognizes most of us will settle for something else.The dining experience:If you enjoy kids running around unattended, this is your place.  Parents are inconsiderate of others, as they allow babies to scream uncontrollably without attending to their needs.My recommendation is to find an option nearby: many to choose from.
1	When coming up for a Sunday breakfast, the cashier stalled for time, making excuses as to why she couldn't ring us up yet. After 11 am ticked on the clock, she finally conceded and allowed us to pay. By that time, the "Dinner" prices replaced "Breakfast" prices, increasing by almost $4.00 a person, bringing our bill up by over $24 more than had she simply rang us up.When I got to the drinks bar, there were no coffee mugs whatsoever. I called an attendant and they immediately brought some from the back, but when I picked one up to use, I found old drink residue left within, along with lipstick marks. My next two cups fared the same. Finally, they replaced the cups with clean ones, but when I reached the coffee machines, they were all empty. FOUR COFFEE BREWERS IN A BUFFET WERE EMPTY. So, I went over to the iced tea brewers, and poured myself a glass. To my surprise, i found coffee mixed with the tea! When I told the manager of all my troubles, he assured me I must be mistaken. I poured out my cup and showed him the bottom where both coffee grounds and tea leaves could be found, to which he scoffed and said I must have mixed them myself. He called me a liar in front of my own family! After I calmed down, I went to get another plate of food and found there were no forks left in the holding cups, just spoons and knives. I figured it was understandable, since the place was a bit packed. The same manager was there, refilling the plate trays, and I addressed my concern. He went on a short rant about how they were full that day and couldn't keep up, it was hard to focus on any one task needed, and he'd send somebody over later on. I said okay and thanked him, to where he made an unnecessary  reply of "Would you like to file ANOTHER complaint, sir?" I left broke, angry, and very displeased.
4	I was a frequent diner at the Old Country Buffet but I am not going as often as I did. The last few times the front of the house has been quite dirty, the desert bars needing a lot of clean-up, and the floors a mess. They seem to be changing their buffet to little tins of food, on the hot line and also for dessert. Picking up these little tins is a problem because they are hot, and the table on which they sit is even hotter. I have actually burned my hand on the steam coming up between the little tins. I am a water drinker, and I think the glasses are too small; I have to refill the glass several times during my meal. The staff is always friendly and nice, from Jason down to the ladies who "serve" the tables. I came in this past Sunday for the breakfast buffet for the first time, and I was disappointed to find breakfast was over before noon. I miss the orange sherbet, even though I know the machine was old and parts were not available to fix it. I enjoy the salmon and often say, if it's Friday, it must be salmon!
3	I've been occasioning this location since I moved to Phoenix back in 2001 and thought (since asked by the CEO) I owed them a quick review. I agree with many others that the place could use a facelift. It is located in a strip mall that needs updating by the property manager (not the fault of OCB though). Other than that the food at this location is better than average in comparison with other buffets around the valley (including other OCB locations). I've only been here for dinner so cannot comment about breakfast or lunch but I have no complaints about dinner other than I think it would be nice if there was a lower price option for seniors (65+). It should be more like half price for seniors because they generally just cannot eat that much and it seems a little steep to charge almost $15 for dinner and a drink. If it were up to me to make a change for the better and allow for a more affordable dining experience for seniors I would set the price for a senior dinner at no higher than $8.99 and it should include the drink (in other words keep it under $10 out the door). I have a friend that goes with my wife and I and he complained about the price the last time we went (just a few days ago). I agree with him and think OCB just really needs to be more "senior-friendly" versus kid/family-friendly and even more so here in the valley where there are more seniors than in most other areas of the country...
2	I must update my review. We just came from the Old Country Buffet at Metrocenter and we were very disappointed all the way along. They have changed their pricing structure so dinner for 2 was almost $30. For that amount of money I expect a positive dining experience. Not so here. They do have a new pot pie on the menu, and it was really good, but they never replenished it in the 60 minutes we sat inside the restaurant. They also added a cheeseburger to their menu that no one even touched. There was no one behind the meat-cutting counter, the deserts were incomplete, the front of the restaurant was messy and Jason, the manager, was texting the entire time we were there. The restaurant is cold (so cold we went out to the car to get our heavy coats) and it's no fun any more. Thinking about taking your family out to dinner at Old Country Buffet? Think again.
