5	Ever since I was a little girl, picking out the Christmas tree has been one of my most favorite holiday traditions. (My dad has it down to an exact science!) So when I found Whitfills last year, I was so excited to come across a place to buy my tree that made my Christmas tree shopping experience even more special and memorable.While Whitfills is a full service nursery, I have only purchased Christmas trees there. In fact this is the second year in a row we have gotten our Christmas tree from Whitfill. I don't think we will ever go back to picking them out of a stack in in a parking lot or the back of some busy garden center. First of all, this locally owned family establishment has much more charm than any retail giant, the workers are always so helpful and friendly, AND they even provide hot cocoa! If you're picky about the type of tree you're looking for they have a good variety to choose from too, Nobel Fir, Douglas Fir, Frasier Fir, Grand Fir, Scotch Pine, you name it! All of the trees are in their own stand and watered daily, not wrapped up and thrown on top of each other. The result of all that special care is a beautiful, fresh Christmas tree that is just beyond comparison. True, they do run a little more than you would pay at Home Depot or Lowes, but it's an extra $10 well spent. P.S. This place is just minutes from the Farm at South Mountain, which is also bomb. So while you're in the neighborhood, you might as well make an event out of picking up your Whitfill tree and head over to the awesome cafe at the farm afterward!
5	After searching 4 other nurseries for help identifying plants in my landscaping, with no luck, the staff at Whitfill's took one look at the photos on my camera and nailed three here-to-fore mystery plants.  And they had them in stock.  Very helpful and professional.   I have found my first stop for future landscaping needs.
5	We get our Christmas tree here every year - family owned and great help, always super nice.  The tree lot this year is so cute and there's hot cocoa for the kids ---- great experience and tons of trees to choose from
5	This place has been here for a loooooong time.  It is also only 2-1/2 miles from my house, how nice is that? The best nursery in the valley located only a few minutes away.  But, I have driven all over the valley to nurseries and also have ordered trees and plants online.  Anyway, it's the customer service here not-to-mention the vast property full of all KINDS of trees and plants that attracts me.  You walk in, someone is standing there.  They will walk the entire property with you if you so desire and they will describe anything you are interested in.  If you have a specific type of need to fill - shrubbery; shade tree; whatever, they will take you to whatever they have available.  I went in there last week looking for a ground covering plant that I had bought at a nursery going out of business.  I didn't know the name of it, the guy offered suggestions but, walking 40 feet into the place I saw a whole stand full of them sitting there.  Yes, I was elated to find them that easily (neighborhood cats had trampled a section of them and I wanted to replace them).  It's also Christmastime and they have a HUGE variety of Christmas trees!  If you have a 20 foot tall ceiling in your home, you will find a tree here that is absolutely beautiful that will take advantage of that space!  Their cheapest price is $29 - which is nice for a tree that is sitting in a stand with water versus all those other big box places that have them all clumped together, NOT sitting in water, death defined.  Oh, and their delivery fee is $50. I was told that is wherever, though I suppose that rate might go up for a longer distance, I don't really know.  I've been to the other nurseries, alot of them, even the obscure ones that are not that well known.  Moon Valley has nothing on Whitfill's besides they do the planting.  Their selection is nothing like Whitfill's IMO.  If you are a plant/tree enthusiast, you have to at least try coming to this place once to see what they have to offer.
3	Nice selection of plants, staff a little standoffish. I had a bunch of questions and picked up a few flowers.
5	great place i hope to work the Christmas tree lot this year and we have been buying Christmas trees for over 30 years from here and many other things to
5	Great diversity of plants and they have Christmas trees this time of year. I'll definitely be back to check out the rest of the grounds. Very friendly staff that helped us with putting the tree on the roof of the car
5	This is our 3rd Christmas in AZ from Massachusetts and are used to going to Christmas tree farms in MA and cutting down our trees every year.  Our past 2 holidays here, we had a hard time finding places that display their trees in water (being told by many that they hose the trees down to keep them moist...not sure how that helps when the trees aren't able to drink) where half the needles fall off within a week.  I got fed up this year and came across Whitfill Nursery on Yelp...have had our tree for 2 weeks now and not a needle has fallen off and the tree is still drinking about a gallon of water a day!!  We have a 10' tree...$100 was the price...a bit more than I am used to paying (in MA we got 16' trees for $80) but it was well worth it.  And, the staff is super friendly, will load the tree on your car and tie it down for you.  Will be back there next year!!
5	I always buy my plants from here. Great service!I felt compelled to write a review after receiving terrible service at Moon Valley (Whitfill didn't have the tree in the size I needed).Will never shop anywhere else again!
5	Replacing a tree that I have been trying to save for over 15 years. Sales, crew, unexpected sprinkler repair, and clean - all awesome. Shopped Moon Valley and couple other nurseries for this big job and expensive job. Whitfill wins in all categories.
5	We're not garden folks. Steven took us around and gave us excellent service! Professional, courteous, and knowledge made this a great experience. We'll be coming here for all of our questions and planting needs. A hidden gem in the South Mountain region. We bought a combination of herbs and done hibiscus. Can't wait to use what we learned today when we get home.
5	We aren't exactly professional gardeners, but chapo walked us through the nursery helping us make the right selection. He even drove us to another part of the nursery to show us a particular plant he thought we would like. This place has crazy low prices. We got 16 plants for $195 (including 4 huge shrubs, an ocotillo and a large blue agave). A few hanging plants were $3 each. We would have spent at least twice that at Home Depot.
5	Just went there for the first time and  WOW I am in love. Wonderful service and selection. The nice young man who helped me a buy a tree was awesome.  Can't wait to get more stuff. A little out of my way but worth it; why anyone would go go Home Depot for flowers is quite frankly nuts
5	Joy did our design for the front yard.  She worked within our budget and guided two very inexperienced xeriscapers through the process.  Six month later, our yard is beautiful.  The trees were very healthy and grew tremendously over the summer.  All the people who worked on the crew were delightful.  We will be using them again for the back yard.
4	I stop by Whitfill Nursery several times a year.  They have an excellent general selection of trees, shrubs, ground covers, cacti, and succulents of all sizes, many adapted to our Sonoran Desert environment.They also sell lady bugs and praying mantis egg cases for insect control.  If you don't keep habitat for ladybugs and manti, you will lose them, but you can always return here for more.  On my most recent stop, I found they offer landscape design services.If you purchase trees, walk among the rows and pick the ones you want in your landscape.I seem to purchase at least two plants each time I visit. No plants I have purchased have died after transplanting.
