5	Finally, a great breakfast place where they don't serve coffee flavored water - but actually have reputable, delicious coffee.  Great patio & bar.  Hash browns are hands down the best in town, eggs benedict was perfect, can't wait to go back!!!
5	Went on opening day and thoroughly enjoyed the experience. Our waiter had a few kinks with the ordering system and they didn't have all of their menu items available but I'm not going to nitpick.The place was decorated very nicely with a clean modern look. The patio area also looked good but I don't think it was in use yet. It was very spacious inside and the tables were not cluttered like in many other restaurants to seat as many as possible. The menu has lots of great sounding options and they have a good variety of freshly squeezed juices. The food was incredible! I ordered 2 eggs with sausage links and my girlfriend went with the breakfast quesadilla. We were definitely not let down with the food. They have nicely seasoned hashbrowns which were outstanding! The pancakes were also amazing! Portions are huge and prices are reasonable. I will certainly be coming back.
5	Brand new breakfast place with eggcellent selections and great food. They are from Chicago and brought all their skills to Scottsdale. Do yourself a favor and give it a try. You won't regret it!
5	Have been 2 times since they opened, the place is delicious.  Eggs benedict was perfect, hash browns are still hands down the best in town, fresh squeezed orange juice was like liquid gold, coffee is Lavazza - good stuff, not the watery junk most places have.  I had to ask the guy next to me what he was eating... chorizo maple french toast, CAN'T WAIT to go back & try that, looked so so good.  They also have chocolate covered bacon.  SO excited about this place
5	Just had lunch. Our first time here. Come hungry because the portions are very generous! Lunch for me was the camelback panini which came with excellent fries and an unexpected treat of a bowl of their freshly made soup! My wife had blueberry filled pancakes (4 large) which she said were very good. She brought two home. Other then a few start up training things which we really did not notice I would say this place is a home run for the owners. Great service, great food, great staff and reasonably priced! We will be back soon.
5	My new favorite breakfast/brunch spot in Scottsdale. Staff and owner were extremely polite. I had 4 different staff check up on me during my meal.  Food was amazing. I had the croissant croquet madame which was one of the best I have ever had.  I also had the banana nutella crepe and chocolate covered bacon.  OJ was fresh and I will probably be going back tomorrow for more. The menu had a lot of healthy and non healthy options. I was torn between about 20 different items.  I look forward to my next visit and will take all visitors there.
5	This is a great new breakfast spot!  The atmosphere is super cool and the patio is amazing!  Yummy food and huge portions!!!  You need to visit this place!
5	Brand new breakfast and lunch place.  Excellent food, huge portions and if I could give them more than 5 stars for service, I would.  Management kept checking to see if everyhthing was OK and kept our drinks full.  A great addition to the Scottsdale restaurant scene.
3	Came here this morning for breakfast/lunch. They just opened this week so we will call this review "constructive criticism." First off the decor is really nice and clean but yet the staff does match the decor. They all looked VERY sloppy, maybe being new they haven't implemented attire yet? Or a shower for that matter? Sorry they all looked greasy and gross. Service was over the top, almost to much. Couldn't take a full bite without someone interrupting making sure we were okay. Once or twice is good but not every second. Also I like restaurants where you can see the kitchen so I can see the food being prepared, except in this case we were directly facing the kitchen and one guy kept using his hand to wipe his forehead and then was handling the food! Ugh gross!! One out of the 3 chefs touching food was wearing gloves, that reallllllllly bothers me! Gloves should be worn at all times no excuse! Now  to the food, soup was awesome, fries are awesome, but both sandwiches we ordered weren't great. One was the Reuben and we asked what sauce came with it and were told none, then half way through the sandwich we were brought what was suppose to be thousand island and it tasted more like vinegar horseradish. Also the corned beef was not good. Can't remember the name of the other sandwich but couldn't get through that one either. All in all if they clean up in the kitchen (wearing gloves, and not using hands to wipe sweat) I would try this place again seeing the other reviews are good. Gave 3 stars because their new, otherwise would have been 1 or 2.
5	All I can say is wow! Great place. Service is incredible. Food is incredible. They're super accommodating. If I could give six stars I would.The omelette I had was amazing. They somehow get them fluffy and not too heavy. Highly recommend. I chose roasted garlic, toasted almonds, and grilled asparagus. The balsamic reduction on top was delicious.Hash browns are homemade and top notch.My wife got the Melt Away and it was equally delicious. The veggies were really good.Orange juice is fresh squeezed and tastes like heaven.I cannot recommend enough.
5	Just found a great new breakfast spot in Scottsdale that just opened recently-Eggstacy.  Great menu, excellent food - I had the breakfast burrito with fruit; the best I've ever had.  Amazing service from Britni and Chris.  This place is a homerun.  Goodbye Butterfield's
4	I walked in and was immediately seated at their bar.....had I wanted a table it would have been 1 hour....most likely due to church peeps and everyone wants to try a new place out. Service us very friendly and prompt. I had a large OJ which was fresh squeezed....and the water is delicious. ..you can taste the cucumbers. Only thing missing was  mimosa's....still getting their liquor license approved.  I had the crepe's which inside was eggs, spinach and some cheese.  The dish is to have mushrooms but I substituted tomatoes which was delicious.  I ordered a side of bacon and only was able to eat one crepe out of three because it was so big. I definatily will come back after a few weeks of them settling.
4	This was our first visit to Eggstacy in Scottsdale. We had driven by on Shea a few times, and were curious. Normally, we go to Good Egg on Scottsdale Road and Greenway, or to The Breakfast Club. But Good Egg, having been taken over by First Watch corporation, has been going downhill fast (lots of cheap food substitutions) and Breakfast Club is not "all that" anymore and has lousy service. So, it's Labor Day and there we were at Eggstacy! When you walk in, the place is like a big loft. Very airy, high ceilings, and because they don't have ceiling tiles and/or anything on the walls, very echoey and noisy. However, they have nice window seats and lots of spots for group seating. We were a party of two. As a note, the place had only been open one week, so keep that in mind.The greeters at the door were very friendly, but not overly so. Our waiter was Luke, very nice, professional, and helpful. We both had the corned beef hash and eggs, which comes with hash browns, and toast or pancakes. I got the toast and my friend got the pancakes. His eggs were scrambled and he said they were outstanding...moist, yet cooked well. I always get my eggs poached, and they were perfect and not salted. It's a good sign when the cooks don't pre-salt everything. Heavy pre-salting is usually a sign that the food is not all that great and they are covering it up with salt. Eggstacy does not over salt. The corned beef hash is the traditional ground-up kind so the bits are small. Very good and made fresh. I generally like mine shredded instead of ground, so I asked the owner, Peter Varros, if this was possible and he said yes, because it's all fresh so you can get it either way. Nice. You don't see that kind of versatility in most places. Peter was quite warm and helpful. Nice to see the owner roaming about.The hash browns should have their own paragraph....I could have just had a mountain of those. They are not your normal, greasy, pale variety. These were almost toasted, light brown, no grease at all, not over spiced or salted, and amazing. Honestly, the best I've ever had. To drink, I had the green tea (hot) and my friend had the coffee, which we had read was great. He said it was VERY good, not like the burned coffee at the other places we'd been. He actually had three cups, which is odd for him. All in all, a very good first experience. Here are our suggestions for the future:1. Tea selection: There was only Early Grey and Chai for black tea choices. Neither of these is really "black" so they might get a straight, black tea like oolong. Earl Grey has bergamot in it (not an easy taste to love) and Chai is cinnamon. I chose the green as it was straight green. 2. Do something to dampen the noise level. It's a GREAT open space, but very loud with nothing to absorb the sound waves. 3. Ditch the heavy perfumes on the employees. Example: Michelle's warm, kind demeanor and personal professionalism was being undermined by her strong "Angel" perfume. Every time she walked by, all we could taste was her scent. This is a common issue at restaurants. When you work in food service, you need to leave the perfumes/colognes at home. Scrambled eggs and patchouli don't mix! Save it for after work, please. The same situation applied to the hostess who seated us. We want to smell the food, not the perfume counter at Bloomingdales. :) We say this with all due respect. 4. The portions of food, while generous, were a bit too large. One server mentioned the wasted food issue. While we ate everything (it was too good to waste!), the portions could be cut down by a third and be fine. Like three eggs with the corned beef? Maybe make it two. Bottom line: We are SO glad to find this place! The Valley is in desperate need of a great breakfast place (they do lunch too). Your timing is perfect, as Good Egg is going down fast and Breakfast Club is so-so and too in love with themselves. Keep up the good work, Eggstacy, and keep improving....you'll soon be eggactly perfect. :)
5	GREAT new restaurant!!For once, I didn't feel like I could've done better, had I stayed home and cooked for myself! Have really been tiring of the "meh" breakfast eateries my husband and I have been trying. This place is outstanding in it's food prep, service, and ambience!I had Avocado Benedict! Scrumptious !  Hash browns were actually homemade not out of a bag! So good! Try this place! Keep them in business!!!
5	Absolutely delicious! Our sever Wendy was excellent. I had the Crispy Prosciutto Benedict which was out of this world. The atmosphere is rather modern and extremely inviting. Do not miss out on this place!!
4	I know when a new place opens up it's easy to get all caught up in the hype and newness of it.  Looking at all these other 5 star reviews leaves me to believe that it's the hype more than anything that is blowing people away.  I went here yesterday morning and found out that yesterday was their actual grand opening and that the week prior was their soft opening.  That left me wondering if all of these 5 star ratings were just to get the word out about this place. Our server Dan was a really nice guy. He kind of looks like a bootleg version of Ryan Gosling in The Notebook when he had the beard. Yeah, I've seen The Notebook. What guy with a girlfriend hasn't? Anyways bootleg Gosling really took the time to get to know us.  The cucumber infused water was pretty good. And they do have some of the best orange juice I have probably ever tasted.  The chocolate covered bacon i had was pretty good. But maybe had too much chocolate on it. I was hoping for a salty sweet taste with the chocolate covered bacon and I mostly tasted chocolate and not much bacon til the last bite. I will agree with some of the other reviews that their attire was all over the place. But that's not really a big deal. It seems like places that only cater to breakfast and brunch the staff wears pretty much whatever they like. The main issue I had with the place was what I ordered. I drove all the way out there for Red Velvet French Toast. And what I got was Red Velvet cake with some kind of brulee it looked like put on top. It was ok. But considering the distance I drove. I was very disappointed that it was just cake. My girlfriend ordered the stuff french toast binoche. And instead got the Nutella banana french toast and hashbrowns. But she didn't notice until half way eating it cause it was so massive she didn't know that it wasn't stuffed. She really enjoyed the food that she ordered The portions they give you are very good portions.Eggstasy has the look of being a hipster place for sure. The decor is cool even though the bathrooms don't have his/her signs on the doors. They still got some kinks to work out. But all in all it wasn't bad and I would recommend them and give them another try. Next time I'll try their sister restaurant attach to them called Sausage N Crack! Ok....I might have made up that one.
5	I tried this wonderful new breakfast and lunch spot in Scottsdale for the first time and thoroughly enjoyed it.  The menu is excellent and the food preparation and presentation was superb.  I had a terrific breakfast burrito with fruit which was fresh and served with a generous helping of sliced avacado.  Every plate I noticed being served looked exquisite.  My servers, Britni and Chris were also wonderful which just made the experience all that more enjoyable.  Also, unlike many other breakfast spots Eggstasy does accept reservations.  If you're a Scottsdale breakfast person you'll be pleased you gave Eggstasy a try.
5	Eggcellent breakfast place;) Small place with sort of a modern hipster vibe.  Great menu with something for everyone on it. And they give you cucumber infused water, which I thought was nice. I ordered the Brie, Apple, pecan and grape crepe which was good. The crepe was REALLY good but  I barely got and Brie in it which would be my only complaint there. I also ordered 1 poached egge which was PERFECT.  Like seriously it was probably the best egg I've ever had. And the hashbrowns as well were soooo good. My friend got the red velvet French toast which, I think she thought was good but REALLY rich.  She ate about 1/3 and then gave up and ate some hashbrowns and her eggs. They should offer half portions of the French toast.Place was clean, though the salt and pepper shakers were half empty which only bothered me because I work in a restaurant and I just think it's tacky.  Our server was friendly, and made recommendations. I think his name was tony.  He talked pretty quiet but was still very nice. Gal working at the front door was SUPER nice and very welcoming.  Overall I was pretty impressed expecially since they've only been open a week, I feel like things will only get better. Can't wait to go back!
4	Eggstasy restaurant is finally open! Had a nice, BIG, breakfast there this morning, just to be sure.  The hash browns are the best, nice mix of crunch and generous seasoning for excellent flavor. The Benedict with crispy prosciutto was recommended by my server and was a great selection, prosciutto was thinly sliced and cooked up like bacon, only crispier, and smokier. The poached egg (just the very teensiest, slightest bit underdone) and hollandaise (very lemony, yum!), over a monster of an English muffin from a local bakery. Portions were HUGE - half of my Bene and most of the hash browns are in the fridge for tomorrow. Service was excellent! Hostess, waiter (Junior), co-owner/manager, and water servers were very attentive, friendly, anxious to please, and delighted to share all the details on anything related to the menu or local restaurant biz. Like that the terrific and spongy English muffin came from Strictly From Scratch bakery, who are also the suppliers for Scramble and recently bought Chompie's. Who knew?Can't wait to return and try some of the funky crepes and omelets on offer!Also:  Coffee is strong and good and plentiful, but needs to come with a spoon for stirring in cream.
5	First off this place has AMAZING food. So what makes great food even better? The service of course! we had such a wonderful server, Junior, who took great care of us. He was friendly and so excited about the menu; that says loads about an establishment. It was clean and I love that you can see the kickass staff making scrumptious food in the kitchen. This is for sure my new breakfast place. Will be telling everyone to come here
5	For just opening, this place is outstanding! What a wonderful addition to the neighborhood; I can't wait to go back. The chocolate covered bacon and the pumpkin cheesecake pancakes were to die for! If you are in the neighborhood, I highly recommend stopping in for some delicious breakfast and/or lunch. I can't wait to go back and try more of their menu items. If it's as good as the first time around, this may be my new favorite spot. Oh, and if you appreciate fresh squeezed juice - you will love theirs! Great service, great ambiance and great food!
4	Pretty good. They just opened so I know the first few moths for a restaurant is hard. I like the vibe, loud and popping. My husband ordered the lemon and blueberry french toast. I was there was a description because he doesn't care for banana bread and that's what it was, so it didn't really taste like french toast at all. I ordered the eggs Benedict it looked amazing but I was super disappointing because my eggs we over cooked basically ruined the meal. I've never gotten them served that way I thought the point was to have the yolk runny. Whatever I'm just going to Ive them the benefit of the doubt on being new.
5	This is our second visit to Eggstasy and it's just getting better. Peter Varros, the owner, is always out and about, checking on customers and spreading serious joy. He is great and obviously knows what he's doing. Had the panini today...and the wheat pancakes....and corned beef hash with hash browns....and a fruit crepe...geez. All so very fresh and good. I'm stuffed. The portions are really huge and probably should be cut down by a third. Had the orange juice today and it was truly fresh-squeezed and almost mango-colored. They must be using the good Valencia oranges. Yum. Hard to find fresh-squeezed anything in the Valley. Our waitress, Tara, was professional, warm and attentive without being overly so. Nice staff. This place is starting out very well. Lovely location, nice natural light from the windows (we always get there early enough to get a window seat!), noisy, but in a happy way. Hopefully, it will be here for a very long time. God knows, the Valley needs a decent breakfast place....this is our new choice. Next time, it's lunch!
4	I has the prosciutto omelette with mozzarella, tomato and red peppers. Really great flavors, hot and fresh. The hash browns were hot and crispy. The fresh fruit was a little meh. The fresh squeezed OJ was also great. Otherwise, service was good. The place is LOUD though.
5	Seriously the best potato leek soup I have ever had. Great friendly service with an unique menu. Been there 3 times and I liked every thing I've tried. Pumpkin cheesecake pancakes?! Oh so gooood
5	The food here is eggcellent! Portions are very large, we actually split an omelette and it was so fresh and yummy and the service was amazing!! This is our favorite breakfast spot now...(BYE BYE Butterfields!)
5	Coffee was great, food was great as well. I had the asparagus, ham and gruyere Crepes and my husband had a ham and cheese omelette (which came with a huge side of pancakes).  Very tasty and plentiful, enough food for four! Owner very engaged with customers and interested in a great experience.  We will definitely be back !
5	Food is OUTSTANDING(best breakfast in Scottsdale by far)...portions are very generous...atmosphere is bright and cheery- green, yellow and orange. The ecoustics are HORRIBLE...the music was aweful(pounding) and LOUD...you canNOT hear the person speaking sitting next to you. If you brought headphones everything would be perfection..otherwise you might leave with a headache. One last suggestion...turn down the A/C please!Service was great and food was fresh with top quality ingredients. Food is rated FIVE stars
3	The noise level is terrible.. The restaurant was practically empty just couldn't figure out why it was so loud. I had the mango lime crepe it was alright but too much hard mango it need something more than that in the crepe.. It was still alright.. But I wish I gad something else. My aunt had eggs Benedict and we had to ask for more sauce.. But she said she like them. My friend had plain buttermilk pancakes.. Said they were good. Service was excellent. I liked want I saw on the menu so I will try them out again.
5	This place is great! Gave up Good Egg for this morning spot! Peter is awesome already knows our orders and you can see they really want their customers to be happy! Big shout out to Iliya he is a good employee there.
5	Love this new breakfast spot in town and such a great location. They are a friendly bunch with fast service and good food. And holy moley-ridiculously large portions! Nobody at our table could even put a dent in the plates they were served. My husband and I agreed that we could've shared a plate and still been stuffed. They have a big menu with plenty of options (think Cheesecake Factory). Prices are moderate, but really affordable when you consider the amount of food.  The dining area is a large open cafeteria style with open kitchen-so loud, loud, loud.  For reference, a crying toddler could not penetrate the wall of noise. May not be an issue for some, but worth mentioning.
5	I drive by this incredible breakfast spot every day on my way to work, so when I finally got to try it out this morning I was eggstatic!! Eggstasy did not let me down. To start, the staff was very welcoming and friendly. We were sat right away. The coffee was strong just the way I like it and cucumber water...refreshing! We were randomly and happily served the banana macadamia pancakes on the house. Not overly sweet and very hearty. I ordered the prosciutto benedict and my boyfriend ordered the avocado benedict. So we did a lil swap and had one of each. I fell in love with both but the prosciutto really stole my heart! The hashbrowns were crispy just the way I like em! Then some man with authority, perhaps the manager or owner, stopped by our table a couple times checking in on us, realizing we were newbies. He was very nice and accommodating. Basically, I can't wait to go back!!
3	I was very excited to try this place after seeing the reviews on here.  We waited for about 30 minutes for our table, which isn't too bad in general, but upon being seated I figured out what the break in the chain is: the kitchen.  Our waiter, Luke, was competent and friendly.  As we waited for food, I couldn't help but notice large gatherings of servers standing at the food "window" waiting for the seemingly missing dishes from their orders.  Plates would appear one at a time, which was odd since the average table size was 4+.  It became obvious that food tickets weren't being completed a ticket at a time, instead, they were batching meals.  Our appetizer, chocolate covered bacon, came out just before our meals started to be delivered...which took about 20 minutes after ordering.  One side of pancakes (regular) were delivered.  Then, a few minutes later, the second and third side of pancakes (pumpkin cheesecake).  Then, yet another few minutes later, the french toast entree arrived.  It took almost 10 minutes for the omelets to come out.  One side of pancakes never came out, so we got them to go.  The food was very good!  The kitchen manager was seen speaking very "animated" to the waiters and line cooks, which was unprofessional and, from what I could tell, he was the weak link (in the white shirt on the left facing away in the picture).  Ticket times were all over the place, and orders were not being delivered all-at-once. The restaurant has been around for 5 weeks, so they should be over growing pains like this.  We will be back for the food, though.For those complaining about the noise: I feel you.  No carpet, no cushions, all hard surfaces!  They take reservations, which is good!
5	Usually we frequent Butterfields - but thought we'd switch it up since we drive by it everyday and the name is cute! So glad we did! Omlette and hash browns were to die for. Sriracha/ chulula and ranch were also on hand which is a huge plus! Junior was our waiter and he was awesome!!!! Never short on drinks and extremely helpful. The hostess with long dark hair was a doll!Such a great experience and the manager also let us try the pumpkin cheesecake pancakes. Oh my goshhhh - it was love.
4	The food is great. I've had the gruyere, Swiss chard and Carmelized onion omelette and the goat cheese and fig panini. Portions are huge and everything is very tasty. Also, Junior is a great waiter who knows a lot about the food. Only problem is the club music they have blasting. Why such terrible, loud music at breakfast? If they turned off the music it would be perfect.
4	Always open to trying a new breakfast place and this has a great location on Shea and 70th Street.Went on a Friday afternoon and was seated right away even though they were pretty busy. The decor is pretty contemporary with some of the larger tables with bench seats. Seems like they try to make it like a open casual home feeling. Shared the Denver Omelette,  asked them to substitute asparagus for bell peppers and they had no problem. Also substituted the buttermilk pancakes for the pumpkin cheesecake pancakes. Also shared the fruit Waffles and ham kaseri crepes.The omelette was good but if this makes sense tasted more like a bunch of scrambled eggs than an omelette. The pancakes were good but did not wow me.when the pancakes came out it looked like a glob of melted marshmallows on top of the pancakes. The hash browns were good and crispy the way they should be. The Waffles were done very well as was the huge portion of crepes. The interesting thing was the cucumber water, kind of different but okay would prefer just plain water. Overall the place is nice food is average to good and was nice to try a new place.
3	After a thirty minute wait we were escorted to a table for three. The menu is large and complex with a few "basic staples" such as a three cheese omelet. We ordered a three cheese omelet, veggie omelet and a spinach and blue cheese omelet with goat cheese substituted for the bleu cheese. We also ordered a side order of Apple Gouda chicken sausage. Unfortunately, as has been noted in previous reviews, the restaurant is extremely noisy. While some might find this pleasant, I go out for breakfast for a social environment and not being able to hear my table mates is a downer. In addition, it clearly impaired the servers understanding of our order because she came back twice to clarify the goat cheese substitution on the bleu cheese omelet and also thought we had ordered Apple Gouda chicken sausage crepes, both of which were clarified. Despite this, somehow I got a veggie omelet with goat cheese. Definitely not what I wanted. It could have been avoided if the server had repeated the order when she took it. The omelets are huge and when served with two pancakes are more than enough and none of us finished our omelets. I would suggest two people splitting an omelette as an alternative to waste. Overall, I would have to be in a specific mood to eat, not converse and would have to make sure the order was correct to go back. A shame because I think it has potential but not with the decibel factor is generates.
5	Eggstasy seems to be the younger crowds breakfast joint as an alternative to Butterfields down the street. Their menu is so extensive that I took so long to decide. Their mimosas are amazing and my boyfriend loved his Bloody Mary. Any breakfast place is going to be busy on the weekends but they were apologetic and brought waters out to those waiting. Candace was our waitress and she was very outgoing and went over the top to ensure we had a good experience. Again, I think it might be geared more toward younger adults or a couples morning out than a family gathering place but it's a refreshing change! Just wish they served beer. ;) (they might actually, guess I'll just have to go back and find out)
4	The menu and food was outstanding but the noise level is so loud a large group doesn't work too well; you can only hear the person on either side of you.  Something on the walls to deaden the sound might be in order.
5	My family just finished eating here this AM. For a late Sunday AM brunch crowd this place was packed. We were expecting to wait for 45 minutes but were seated immediately at a large table that had opened up. The place is open and loud but the vibe is great and energetic.  Now for the food. I have 3 tween boys and they can pack away a lot of food. It is a rare event that a doggy bag is required however this was the exception. The portions are large and filling. The quality of the food we sampled was excellent and without exception. The kitchen staff knows there stuff and can prepare items beyond the standard breakfast fare. Kudos to the protein pancakes for the low carb/gluten free crowd, they were delicious.I could keeping going on about the food but I suspect every item is delicious and we will be definitely returning to sample more fare. If you are reading this review, do yourself a favor and check out this star amongst the local breakfast fare.
5	This place is definitely  as good as all the reviews say! Some of the best food you'll ever taste .....and huge portions! The coffee is amazing ...! Keep up the good work !!!!!
5	Love this place. It's bright, sunny, and modern inside with an excellent menu. The service is lovely and coffee to die for. They even have stevia on the tables. The manager is warm and friendly and remembered I'd ordered their lovely gluten-free protein pancakes on my previous visit, and today just brought me some for dessert, his treat. These nice touches will keep me coming back. Happy to see this place and can't wait for the patio to open.
5	This changes everything! They have an unbelievable menu here. My wife and I had  crepe items and both were excellent. The variety of crepe dishes and pancakes is the broadest I have seen. Atmosphere is typical Scottsdaleish. The service is better than it needs to be (don't need quite that much attention).Portions are significant and prices are fair. The big question for us is whether it is worth the drive from Gilbert. Yes, it is!
5	We rarely go out to breakfast but I love to do so and the menu caused my husband to remark that we'll have to come back because there are so many things he wants to try! Yay!I had an omelet (yummy) which I easily shared with my two kids: ages 2 and 4, and still had some leftover. I appreciated that our server suggested sharing, as opposed to swindling us into kids meals instead (though well have to get the Mickey pancakes next time just because they looked fun and yummy). My husband had the salmon eggs Benedict and he said it was fantastic. The orange juice was generous and fresh squeezed and omg the hashbrowns?? Even if the rest of the food was horrible I'd be coming back for the hashbrowns. Best I've ever had, ever. My potato hating husband even devoured them. The owner, or person I assumed was the owner, was very present. He was helpful working with his staff by clearing plates and also making the rounds to check in with guests. Super nice guy!Kid friendly, delicious, great vibe, we'll be back!
1	Service was fine but the worst corn beef hash I have ever had. Really ruined the whole meal. The server was polite but didn't seem to know what to do. There are so many better options around here.
5	If there is ever a time to cry because breakfast is so darn good, this place will have you bawling your eyes out! The food was perfectly prepared, beautifully plated and most importantly, AMAZING!!! The restaurant was a hip little place with enough color to wake up the eyes but the smells of the restaurant is what wakes up the rest! I had the gypsy steak skillet with a side of lemon blueberry frenchtoast. My girlfriend had the toasted coconut mango crepe. Both plates made the table fall silent since all we wanted was just to keep eating! SO GOOD! Definitely my new favorite place for breakfast!
5	Absolutely love this place! Owner Joe is hilarious, people-oriented,  welcoming,  and just down right awesome. Portion sizes are huge,  the food is excellent, service all around fantastic!
5	Best breakfast in Scottsdale by far. Reasonably priced too. Servers really good. Creative choices, not just the usual here. Yes, it was pretty noisy but the food, prices and friendly staff make it worth the noise.
5	This establishment is excellent. The variety of food and the presentation of it makes you feel like you're on vacation. It's decorations and designs are very artistic and creative. Definitely a place to enjoy for a reasonable price.
3	Food is 5 stars.  If you want to eat alone and not converse with anyone, then this is the place to go. Certainly not a ladies lunch out place if you want to actually hear each other.  They truly need to improve the sound level.  Also, throwing in a few dividers in the place would be nice.  It is like walking into a middle school cafeteria.
5	Fantastic food. Service friendly and accommodating. Italian coffee to go. Definitely want to try more items on the menu. Got an omelette entree with a Side order of fried truffle egg toast. HEAVEN! So many options for benedicts as well- traditional, smoked salmon, crispy prosciutto, avocado, caprese and more! Atmosphere and ambience are inviting and energetic.
5	New favorite Breakfast/brunch place! Lives up to its name!! Try the pumpkin pancakes. Delish! Everyone who works here is friendly and accommodating! We will definitely be back. Pure Eggstasy
5	If you don't like eggstasy, then I don't like you.  Honestly, best breakfast I've ever eaten.  Steak and egg skillet was fantastic.  If there's two of you, split one.  Then order a SMALL PORTION off the "eggstasy" selection in the back of the menu, I highly recommend the brioche French toast or the pancakes with pumpkin cheesecake sauce (make sure to order the pancakes crispy.)  I've never tasted anything like either.  The chorizo grits are also tasty (just like chilli), but you won't have any room for sides.  So obviously I love the food.  Service:  been there twice, Candace and Michelle are GREAT.  Michelle actually insisted on sending us home with to go cups of coffee (for no extra charge.)  Everything comes out so fast, it'll boggle your mind.  The owner, Pete, gave is extra pancakes out of the blue, on the house.  I honestly felt like I was a part of some social experiment where scientists were studying my reactions to insanely delicious food at fire sale prices.  Price:  30 bucks for a fantastic meal for two?  Including coffee?  Hell yes.Wait:  been there twice, waited 20 min at the bar the first time (the bar tender kevin is now my boy), sat right away the second.Ambiance:  too loud, but I didn't really care.  There were flies because it's an open air restaraunt, honestly the only thing that bothered me at all.Pretty sure this is the first review I've ever written.  That's because this place is the shiat.  Not really sure how they're gonna stay in business for very long with those prices, so you might wanna get in the car now.  I SAID NOW!Ps if anybody happens across any of the recipes for any of the dishes at this restaraunt, I will pay you one million dollars.Pps Pete, if you're reading this, why aren't you open at 11:21 pm?  Also, I would consider nominating you for the Nobel peace prize if you implemented delivery.  Maybe if you delivered to Syria, ISIS would chill the phuk out.
4	Cute little gem in Scottsdale. It gets really packed but that's because this place is awesome. It's got a neat decor very upbeat. The waitress said they are going to put in a new ceiling to address the noise issue because it is pretty loud when it's busy. They have a cute patio area that wasn't open yet but I can already tell will be a hit. Food portions are huge so you can probably split a meal or take leftovers.
4	Came to Eggstasy for breakfast with my husband. The four stars are primarily for the service. Our waitress was friendly and accommodating. Because we came in on a Monday morning, the restaurant was not super busy. I ordered the basic eggs Benedict and my husband had the corned beef hash. The Benedict and hash browns were just okay. Nothing special with the flavor. My husband liked the way the corned beef hash was prepared (not undercooked and with a little crispness).  We also ordered a mimosa and Bloody Mary drinks. The first Bloody Mary drink needed to be redone. There was not enough spice or tomato flavor. The Bloody Mary comes with a chocolate covered piece of bacon. That was okay (maybe too much chocolate coating).There are a lot of choices on the menu and because this place is new, I believe they are still finding their signature flavor. I'd be willing to give it another try.
5	What a joy! The food is not only fantastic it is good quality. There is something on the menu for everyone. Has lots of health smart choices if you're cutting calories and it has something for those who don't care. Candice was our server, she is very informative, knows her menu, best personality and brought our food out while it was hot!!!! I will definitely be back and intend to have my morning meetings there, for those who know Butterfields...this is your new place!
3	We went here today to try a new venue for breakfast.  The first thing I noticed when entering this establishment, was how very loud the pop music was. At 8:30am, it was jarring. Am I that old? Noooo, really loud pop music at 8:30am is not pleasant. The decor is yellow, orange with large white, tiled walls. Happy meets sterile. Maybe some more pops of color on the walls. Just my "Martha Stewart" opinion. I had the spinach, feta omelet which was excellent and a very healthy portion. Two people could actually share the omelet. The sourdough toast was also very good. The service was friendly and very timely. Overall, it was good, just turn down the volume of the music in the morning ;-)
4	We've been there twice and everything has been great! Love the pumpkin pancakes and their crepes. The servers were always checking if we needed anything. The place is noisy and wait time is kind of long on the weekends. Great place, great food, good service.
2	I was so happy we chose to go here at first. Eggstacy offered a wonderful brunch, full menu with lots of exciting choices, and friendly service. We sat at the bar where there was only one bar tender - apparently the other left sick - and for the most part the service was very accommodating. I got an omlette that was massive, and they give you the choice between toast or pancakes. The sourdough toast I ordered was paired with fresh whipped butter and an individual sized jar of jam. If you order pancakes as your side, be prepared for a full, two-cake plate with whipped cream.  The wait was not bad at all at first - maybe 15, 20 minutes. The more we have visited, the worse the wait times have become. Expect to wait 40 minutes for your food to arrive, and then watch the waiters ask every table on the way if the order is theres or not. The staff is so poorly trained and managed that its almost comical. The only other downside is a question of the general cleanliness of the restaurant and an odd restroom set up. The bang-for-your-buck factor, along with the quality of food, is great. Just not sure of its worth the circus that ensues.
4	The eggs are well prepared and the servings are large. The pancakes are outstanding. The service is friendly and unusually attentive. It is, however, the ambiance that really stands out- very modern and colorful. On the loud side, but that is a small negative compared to all the pluses .
4	Eggstasy was the place picked for October's Breakfast Club UYE, and this place does things big! They leave you feeling full and satisfied and well in eggstasy.1st off, you notice it's a huge menu for a breakfast joint, this place does not mess around,  they have soo much to offer and many choices were made, so I did get a chance to check out a lot of plates and boy they looked great! I went with the Incredible omelet, it was loaded with green peppers, mushrooms, tomatoes, onions, BACON, ham and sausage, it was HUGE!!! No really it was huge, and it came with hash browns and I opted for pancakes instead of toast.I didn't realize it was going to be huge, this was something that could have been spilt between 2, but I was starving and did eat my entire omelet, just couldn't put a dent in my pancakes.  This a great breakfast place, and breakfast is there thing. I already can't wait to get back to try the many other things on the menu!
5	On a recent trip to Arizona I dined at quite a few really good restaurants but this one stood above the rest.  Usually something has to give - either quality, service, or price.  I was impressed on all accounts. Everything exceeded expectation.  The menu was varied and creative, food was fantastic and served in generous quantity. Service from the hostesses and our server Tara was prompt, friendly, and attentive with genuine friendliness that one doesn't find everywhere.  I have never before been personally thanked for my business by the owner (manager?) and sent away with a fresh to-go coffee but it happened here.  Five stars without hesitation for Eggstacy.
5	Ate here the other day for breakfast and oh my was it wonderful. Had the Dali and my boyfriend had the gypsy. They both were amazing. And it's very hard to impress him and he loved it. We will be going back for sure.
3	The husband and I joined about 15 other Yelpers here for the breakfast club UYE. This place graciously accommodated our large party, which was much appreciated. Our waitress was incredible, she was friendly, on top of things, and willing to help me navigate their huge menu. I don't think there are many breakfast items that aren't on their menu... this thing is huge, with pages and pages of items. The waitress had to help me decide between 4 items (ha!). I ended up getting the asparagus skillet (asparagus, bacon, garlic, cheese, quinoa, hash browns, and over medium eggs, about 12$ ish), which (to my surprise) comes with a 'side' of pancakes... and I had to try a specialty pancake (the macadamia nut) which was a 4$ up sell. The husband got the nutella crepes. I will be honest, I wasn't overly thrilled with the food. My 'skillet' came out in a bowl.. a little odd for a skillet, and just didn't have as much flavor as you would think from the ingredients. It wasn't bad by any means, it was good, but kind of boring. Maybe some fresh herbs or something would make it pop more. The side of pancakes was ridiculously large... I ate less than a quarter of them... and they really were nothing special. I have a little bit of a problem with restaurants that serve huge portions like this.... I feel like it's just wasteful.... very few people could possibly eat this amount of food, making so much food go to waste (bigger is not always better people). Why not give size options for the breakfast like 'small' and 'large' plates of the same food... then you can choose what you would like (and I know, you can share the food, but you don't always want the same thing, ya know?). Anyway, on the flip side, the husband's nutella crepes were delicious and even good as leftovers. The coffee was also good here and came with real cream... yes, you heard me... real cream... LOVE that. I would like to come back here and try something else, as many other items looked tasty. Will update the review at that time. PS yes this place is loud, but not as loud as I thought it would be.... pretty normal for a restaurant this busy.
5	Let me start by saying that their food is amazing. You will get really big portions and a fair price too. They also have good fresh juices, cons we kinda waited a bit longer than excepted and that the restaurant is noisy. However the food is so good that I had to give them 5 stars.
5	Wow!! That food was incredible! With every sandwich not only do you get your choice of fries or fruit but you also get soup with it and it was great!Atmosphere is good, they have a great patio that's large and perfect to sit outside when our weather isn't so hot. Service was very slow but food made it worth it. Deff going back!
5	I love this place! Can it be a bit loud. Yes, but everyone is so friendly. Good move having Joe making sure everyone is happy!I love the Greek Huevous Rancheros and the Skinny Bitch.  The fresh orange juice and delicious coffee make your weekend so special.It's my way to start the weekend . Please keep up the good work!
1	We went on Sunday and it took over an hour from the moment we ordered to get our food. Our waiter was horrible and the manager did not do anything to make up for the slow service and long wait. People were walking out because the food was taking too long. We ended up getting our food to go because we had lost our appetite. Although the food was good we will never come back. No concept of hospitality/customer service.
4	First time visting the location. I was impressed with the offering of the menu.  I ordered the two eggs with canadian bacon, hash browns and a side of pancakes. With coffee the meal was great and for $12 it was so much more than I could handle.  They are still in the start up phase with the patio and bar opening soon.  I certainly will head back to try another of there offerings.  I got a tast of the Banana crepes delicious.   Can't miss. Need more places that we can explore for great breakfast.
2	Meh.  Seems like they're trying to do too much.  Nothing really jumped out as amazing.  Won't be back.
1	Went on a recommendation from a friend, who said it was good.  He was dead wrong.  I have three words for the owner.  Simplify your menu!  It's like they are trying to be 7 restaurants wrapped into one.  Why 1 star?  Well, the food took almost 45 minutes.  I can deal with a long wait if the staff is still attentive, apologetic in some fashion and most importantly that when my food comes it is hot and prepared properly.  I'm guessing that trying to accommodate what looks to be over 100 menu items out of that kitchen would be the cause for the long wait.  Next reason for the 1 star, when my food did come it tasted like it was all mixed together and undercooked.  Tried a benedict and the egg was barely poached, like runny snot water looking eggs.  The hollandaise was broken and never should have been served.  Tried the "homemade" has browns and they tasted like a greasy burger?  Not sure if they are cooked on the same cooking surface or if the cooks don't change gloves. The restaurant was pretty busy, but what breakfast place isn't on the weekends.  Butterfields, Pancake House, Breakfast Club, Scramble and Snooze all make this place look like it's held together with shoe laces.  Sorry, but won't be back.
5	We tried this place yesterday for breakfast & everything was delicious. Service was excellent. We got a chance to sit outside since the weather was fab. We would say this place is the best new breakfast spot in Scottsdale. We will be back.
5	Excellent huge portioned plates amazing place it's loud which is rest for me because I have kids
1	We came here today for the first time. The reviews looked great and it's super close to our house. The experience started out really well. There was a 30 min wait for 11:15am on a Sunday and the host was very nice, we told her we were going to look around in the kids store (KidStop) to keep our 4 & 2 year old occupied, she was so nice to walk down there to get us when our table opened up she sat us and our waitress greeted us promptly. We took about 10 min to order because it was our first time and the menu is pretty big with lots of delicious looking items. We then ordered, nothing complicated but this is when the problems began....an HOUR went by and we still didn't have our food and ALL the tables around us that ordered after us were getting their food. I was a restaurant manager before and I know that's not acceptable.  I went to try to get our waitress but she was avoiding us like we weren't her table. Another server brought my meal by itself and we waited 5 min before I sad anything to our waitress and she assured me the rest of the food was on its way. I told her just get my kids food out (it was just 2 Mickey Mouse pancakes) b/c they were hungry. Well we waited another 5 min before the rest of the food came out. The manager walked by and asked how everything was so we told him nicely and his response was, sorry! I know it's not an excuse but our kitchen is slammed! Said nothing and did nothing. After waiting for over an hour and for how hungry we were I would have expected the food to taste amazing but it was bland and disappointing. We will not be going back for $70 for 2 adults and 2 kids! If you want amazing breakfast food go to Butterfields. Their wait to get a table might be longer but Butterfields food comes out in 5 min from when it's ordered and the food is delicious and consistent. I don't know how Butterfields kitchen is so efficient but Eggstasy needs to take note from their operations and table turn. Long story short Eggstasy was not worth the wait or $ for the quality of food and the lack of care with the manager and server. And the thing that made me most upset is the issue was never addressed or acknowledged. We had to say something in order to get a lame excuse.
5	Great breakfast place, reminded me of San Diego without the view,  very friendly staff, and food had great presentation and was outstanding! It's definitely going to be a place I frequent!
5	This is the best breakfast place I've found since moving to Scottsdale! The food, service, and ambiance are all quite enjoyable. The service is very friendly and the servers seem to know their menu. The food is simply unbelievable. I couldn't ask for a better breakfast anywhere else. The owner (possibly manager) greeted my friend and I and after discovering it was our first experience at the restaurant he brought us little samples of crepes. I wouldn't ever order crepes on my own but after trying these my mind was blown! I don't remember the name but I'm pretty sure they were banana and Nutella. My favorite part of the meal had to be the teas though. To say the food was amazing is one thing, but this little place was on point with everything, even that delicious tea!I can't wait to go back to Eggstacy for another amazing breakfast and experience!
4	For starters... The bacon is fabulous. I had the avacado Benedict, also fabulous. Great tea selection.... I do take away a star because the music was so loud. Which can be ok, but nothing ruins a fabulous relaxing breakfast like having to scream over a bad counting crows song
5	Great new breakfast spot. The menu is very elaborate and the only bad thing about this place is everything looks delicious. Lives up to how good the food looks. Great espresso machine as well. Very happy and will definitely be a frequent visitor to this place! My wife and I give it two thumbs up
4	If you want a quiet breakfast this place is not for you. If you want great food then come here. In addition to traditional breakfast fare there is a huge selection of unusual omelettes and specialty crepes. Good service. A little pricey for breakfast but definitely worth it.
1	We were excited to try this, but our experience was less than the "surreal dining experience" promoted on the menu. Our party of two waited 25 minutes to be seated at the bar alongside people who arrived after but we're seated before us. We were greeted by three of the 8 or so people working behind the bar, none of whom offered us any beverages until I had asked three times for water and coffee. (Our server actually argued with me about my request stating that being seated is not a guarantee of fast service.) The beef brisket biscuits and gravy we ordered was actually sausage gravy, and the truffle French toast with asparagus and fried egg was good but not great. The highlight was the coffee, but not even that was worth the wait and poor service.
5	Oh man, where do I start?  Finally hit this place up yesterday for brunch with a girlfriend and our sons.  Convinced the friend I was meeting today for brunch to go there instead of Postino!The menu is fantastic.  We tried the prosciutto and asparagus flatbread and the pumpkin pancakes yesterday, and shared.  You get HUGE servings.  We had the prosciutto omelette today with a side of pumpkin pancakes because they were so good yesterday I had to have them again, and we shared again.  The kids tried the chocolate chip pancakes and were thrilled.Couple suggestions:-Don't sit at the bar unless you are in a hurry.  The service was WAY better in the restaurant.  Not thrilled with our service today at the bar.-The strawberry mimosas are great but only when stirred.  Ask for a straw and stir it up before you take a sip.  YUM.-Yes, it's loud, but that's part of the awesomeness.  It's super kid friendly and also adult brunch friendly.  Something for everyone.  Baby crying? That's okay!  Arguing with the husband?  That's okay!  This place will drown it out and you'll be so happy with your full belly and amazing food when you leave that you'll forget your woes.-Do NOT go there for the first time and not order the pumpkin cheesecake pancakes.  They are light, fluffy, and have a tad bit of salt so they are not as heavy and sweet as you would think a dish like this would be.  I can see why they are the signature.  WOW.-Their hash browns are off the chain.  Go with a friend, order any omelette (which comes with hash browns) and get the pumpkin pancakes.  They split it for you with no upcharge and it's enough food for 4 people.-Chocolate covered bacon.  Order it.  No questions.  Need I say more?  It's chocolate covered bacon!This is our new brunch spot.  We've been loyal Four Peaks brunchers for years.  Glad to have a new spot to break things up a bit.
4	They have a really cool layout with an open kitchen, an inner dining area that is kind of industrial-like in design and an outer dining area that is open to the inside, separated by the bar. Try the juice; it is DELICIOUS. Freshly squeezed and no additives, just plain pure fruit pulp. Yum.I had the pumpkin cheesecake pancakes, which were okay.  They tasted kind of pumpkin-y, and the cheesecake "sauce" was a nice change to the usual old maple syrup routine.  The problem I have with sweet pancakes, though, is that they're mostly indistinguishable from one another.  All the "fruity" sweet pancakes taste the same, and same goes for all of the "other" types - chocolate based, dessert based, what have you.  The good thing is that the pancakes are ginormous - like the size of a regular dinner plate - and you get FOUR of them.Probably will go again, and I'm thinking of either getting something savory or going for one of the fruitier sweet breakfast options, like the lemon blueberry compote french toast.The wait is LONG. You might as well just suck it up and chill at the bar, unless you have a ginormous group or a bunch of kids.  Parking is decent since this brunch place is located in one of those weird plaza areas like EVERYTHING else in Arizona.
5	This is a place that you to when you are really hungry or seeking to share. The portions are huge including the menu. It is hard to choose what to eat since everything sounds so good.  I had the brioche french toast, the bread is made there and each piece is at least 1 1/2" thick, my mother had a side of pancakes which in most restaurants this would have been a full sized order and it only cost $2.95. Can't beat it! Others in our party had omelets which were packed with various add-ins and comes with a side of pancakes. Even the coffee, which is Lavazza, is very good and your cup rarely has a chance to be empty since our waitress kept our cups full all the time. The service is great for such a busy place we had just the right amount of attention paid to our table. They have a great outdoor, dog friendly patio too. But if you go on a weekend be prepared to wait for a table, it is very busy and it's best to sit outside if you can since inside is very noisy.
5	We loved this place.  Thanks Yelpers for giving us the idea.  The food was great, the service was awesome, and I loved the design overall.
5	This place is awesome!!! The staff is super friendly and the food on both times we have been here has been so yummy!!! The best breakfast place we have been to and we travel for work!! This time we split a meal because the portions are HUGE!!! You will have left overs, so make sure you get something that will last in the car.
3	Ok.  Yes, this place can EASILY be a 5 star with a couple of exceptions.1) the expeditor chewing on a straw while getting food out of the window. Really?2) the 12 year old hostess smacking her gum like a mule.Food was solid.chocolate cover bacon a win, house done hash browns were AMAZING! Apple taffy crepes yum!
3	There is only 1 reason to rate this place anything other than 1 star, and that is, their food. They do a very good job with making large, delicious meals. With that being said, they don't deserve anything more than 3 stars, at this point in time, because their service, wait time, and patio dining, are all subpar.Service: After coming here 3 times now, I've had to wait 30+ minutes each time for my food to come out of the kitchen. Each time, I had to wait additionally after that for a set of silverware. Wait time: It seems that 30 - 40 minutes is typical on a Saturday or Sunday morning here, which is fine for a busy place, so I can't really blame them for. They're just busy.Patio: It's November, and still fairly hot on their patio. It wouldn't be so much of a problem if they had shade coverings to keep their patrons cool. If you choose to move inside after something has opened up, you may be in jeopardy of losing your food, cause they have trouble keeping track of the table numbers and their patrons.Overall, I'd still recommend a friend to give it a shot, because their food really is good. Each time I've been here, I leave with a full and satisfied belly. Just frustrated through the process of getting there.
3	We had to check this place out after everything we had heard about it. We got there and were seated outside and there were misters above us that were leaking. The service was a bit unprofessional and scattered, and I started to get worried. I ordered a skirt steak meal, and when it arrived I understood why everyone has been talking about this place. My steak was a bit cold, however it was absolutely delicious. SO- if you have the patience for it, it's definitely worth taking a chance on it.
2	Really neat space, but SO loud.  Could barely hear the person sitting three feet away from me.  The service was super slow and there were obvious kitchen / server / management issues.  We waited nearly 50 minutes for our food.  We weren't offered a discount, a drink or anything while we painfully waited while the staff was imploding.  At least the food was really tasty when it finally arrived!!  Perhaps I will give them another shot, but not anytime soon.
5	Pumpkin Cheesecake Pancakes may be one of the greatest things I have ever eaten in my life. They are a perfect combination of sweet but not too sweet. This is going to the top of my list of breakfast joints. Eggs were fluffy and nice large portions were served. Nothing like enjoying breakfast outside in the beautiful Arizona weather. There are some issues with service, not fast and not all that attentive but the pros greatly outnumber the cons.
3	My friend invited me to try this restaurant with her since it got such great Yelp reviews. Let's just say it didn't go "over easy." Sadly, my visit wasn't as I expected it to be. Don't get me wrong it wasn't a bad experience but it wasn't great either. For all the hype I heard it was a huge let down.The interior of the restaurant is designed very well and the overall setting is comfortable. The staff was friendly and the service was fine. Let me start by saying breakfast is one of my favorite meals. I ordered the breakfast panini with fruit on the side. The food was ready within a average amount of time. The sandwich itself was the most depressing part. My eyes gleamed with excitement as they placed it in front of me. I took a bite and confusion immediately set in. The meal looked so wonderful but the taste told me otherwise. Was this a wolf in sheep's clothing deceiving me? The only way I can describe it was that it just tasted bland, it was missing every flavor it listed on the menu. Specifically the eggs, they just didn't taste like eggs should and I'm sorry my poor vocabulary knowledge can't give your imagination a clear picture of how it was. It included avocado, peppers, onions, and bacon I believe. I'm not sure why, maybe because they cooked it with the other ingredients and it affected the taste? I found myself dousing it in Cholula sauce to help give it some flavor. The bread was perfectly crisp and was the only satisfying crunch. The side fruit came out on a skewer and I only had like 6 half pieces of fruit which was disappointing. The sandwich just wasn't that great, I only ate half and I'm a non-picky starving 23 year old. My friends pancakes looked tasty but I didn't try them. I'm sure something else on the menu would be better. It was my first time there, but I would only return if someone else suggested it.
3	Was a little tempted to give this place two stars, but thought there were enough good things that they deserved a three. The interior was pretty hip and cool, definitely fun to look at ha. The service was also good. Overall I was somewhat disappointed though.I was excited when seeing the variety of vegetarian friendly omelettes! It always sucks to go to a breakfast place where only one omelette is just veggies and the rest are meat. I went for the swiss chard, caramelized onion, and gruyere omelette with a side of pancakes and fruit (no pineapple because I'm slightly allergic). The omelette looked unappealing when they brought it out, but I didn't judge it based on looks. I don't know if the cheese was just too sweet for an omelette and I didn't like that or what, but it left me with a stomach ache lasting the whole day. The pancakes were kind of favorless, not as soft and fluffy as I prefer my pancakes. They also brought me fruit out with pineapple, which i requested no pineapple, when I told the server she was apologetic and happy to fix it. She handed it to her coworker to fix and he said "Can't I just take it off?" and she said no, which I am glad about. They brought me a nice bowl of fresh fruit, but it was more than my friend had on his skewer!It was a little pricey as well. Expected though, as it is a nicer breakfast place in Scottsdale! Overall, not very tempted to come back, mostly because of the stomach ache. There might be something much better on the menu though that I did not get so I have not completely written this place off yet.
5	One of the best restaurants for breakfast I have ever been too. Quality and quantity they have em both!!
2	After going here for breakfast on Saturday mornings (mostly), for months now, I'm sorry to say we've seen a decline. The food was great when they first opened, but now it's sliding backwards. The corned beef hash was sooo amazing for a couple of visits, but then even the owner, Peter, said he didn't understand why it started tasting so dry and vinegary. Oh,well. We'd just find a new menu item, right?I switched to the skirt steak, which is now a great cut of meat, but they always, and I mean always burn the outside. Too much "char" in that "broil" for either of us. I found myself having to trim a LOT of meat off just to get the black bits off. They taste really bad.So, today, we went yet again (boyfriend is determined to make this place work, lol) and I just skipped the meat items and had their normally amazing hash browns, their multi-grain toast, and a couple of poached eggs. The hash browns were dry and over done, the toast was fine, and the eggs tasted odd. I think it's the seasoning they now use. Not sure if the green in my eggs was cilantro or parsley, but it's not good for me. I always ask for the eggs poached hard and sometimes they are, or one is, or neither is. lol It's really hit and miss with the food now. And I am finding myself just deciding that I'd rather miss the whole thing.The food issues are added to the continuing lack of sound buffering on the ceiling or floor or walls. When we first started going back in September when they opened, we cut them the slack all new restaurants should get...they are working things out, right? Yet at Eggstasy, they've got tracks in the ceiling for acoustic tiles, but still no tiles. The cavernous loft layout, plus the House Music (I'm not kidding), with nothing to absorb the noise makes for one deafening experience. Plus, we were freezing more than usual this morning as it was about 46 degrees outside and they wouldn't turn the heater on, apparently. I asked, and the staff said the owner won't do it, ever. It is hardly a cozy place for breakfast on a chilly day. Our server told us that no matter how cold it's been, the owner insists that their huge wall windows get rolled up by 9 a.m. Yikes. It's a neat feature during the warmer months, but not now. They were trying to do a patio service at the same time. Brrrr!So, we sat there chilly in a very noisy space, yelling back and forth, with sub-par food. Such a bummer. This place has potential to be amazing, but it's like they stopped trying.The one really bright spot left is the staff themselves. ALWAYS cheerful (even the brunette Barbies that seat you. lol) and professional. Sadly, though, that can't make up for chill, noise, and spotty food.
4	Delicious food + grapefruit mimosas + a bartender that looks like Jon Snow = an amazing Sunday.I typically don't comment on servers/bartenders looks because that invites all sorts of attention, but DAMN the bartenders here were some good lookin' boys. Anyway. I'm engaged. Ahem.My best friend lives a couple blocks away so we walked over on Sunday morning. It looked like there would have been a lengthy wait, but they had 2 seats open at the bar outside, which was perfect. We made friends with the salty old gent to my right and proceeded to peruse the menu, which had MANY options. I was almost overwhelmed.We ordered:- Chocolate covered bacon: Do it. Don't ask questions. Thank me later. (You're welcome.)- Joe P's Protein Cakes: Gluten free! Berries! FOUR OF THEM! (Too much, if you ask me.) They were very thick, so if I had known there were 4 of them I might have ordered something smaller.- Chicks in Blankets: Chicken sausage inside pancakes. Yum!- Coffee: my first cup wasn't that hot but the second one was, and both were delicious.- Grapefruit mimosas: Just the right amount of bitter and sweet. I could have had a few of those without thinking twice.A great thing about the bar: there are hooks underneath! I always loath having to hold my purse or put it on the bar, so this was welcome.My ONLY complaint is that it was sometimes difficult to get the attention of the servers/bartenders. But they were nice to look at so it really wasn't an issue.TL;DR: Decently priced, delicious food and drinks, but sometimes the wait might be long.
5	This place is tied as my favorite breakfast place in the Valley...Morning Squeeze, Snooze and now Eggstasy!  Great atmosphere both inside and out, friendly service and an extensive menu of delicious food.  I tried the leek, goat cheese and chicken sausage crepes and absolutely loved them!  They don't skimp on the portion size either, so you better come hungry.   I will definitely be back to try some more tasty items from Eggstasy!
2	Sadly this place has gone downhill since my last visit.Quite simply there is a lack of management and expediting in the kitchen. Also they are skimping; for example fewer ingredients in an omelette. Sadly, they are no longer competitive with other venues . The patio is very pleasant. Their pancakes used to be great; now they are hardly  edible  .
3	The ambiance and the food at this place are top notch, but the service leaves a lot to be desired. As I said, the food was incredible (I had the best omelette of my life). I loved the bright indoor/outdoor space and the modern details. Our waiter was very friendly and was clearly trying hard, but the whole staff seemed to struggle with the volume of customers. The kitchen timing was way off - for example, all of our dishes came out as once except for one, which took more than a half hour to arrive after everything else. At one point, a second waiter brought over some plates. We started explaining what went where when he rolled his eyes, slammed our plates on the table and said, "I'm too busy," before running off. It was so inexplicably rude. At the end of the meal, our waiter kindly explained he hadn't charged us for our coffee, but "didn't hear" when we responded that we had purchased our coffees at the car prior to being seated. I would probably go back for the food, but I will expect to have a long wait and potentially rude service.
2	Pretty disappointed.  Over crowded,  omelet was dry, and waitress not very attentive.  Most of the people I was with were not very happy with their meals.  Portions were very substantial, that is a plus.
1	Not what I expected. The service was soooo slow and the food was just OK .   It took about an hour to serve us our food.
4	Huge breakfast portions with quality ingredients. The staff is well trained and customers are treated great. This place has real potential.
1	This place is beautiful yet the food was mediocre. We left there and we were very unhappy! The food took forever to come out (being with two young kids was not fun with the long wait), our bill came out to $80 with tip ( 2 kids and 2 adults). The omlete was over cooked and didn't taste good at all (don't remember what the name was but it had a balsamic glaze on it). Never again coming her again!
2	I really wanted to like this place, I really did. It looked so cool and had a neat menu. I didn't mind the 30 minute wait for my table, but...First of all the place was absolutely chaotic! Servers, food runners and bussers running into each other. I watched a table get wiped down 3 times by 3 different people with a dirty cloth that smelled like a school cafeteria. There seemed to be no communication with each other bc everyone seemed confused. I ordered a juice which took longer than it should bc they have one juice area and it was crowded with servers. Now for what I really minded...My food took about 35 minutes to come out and when it did, it was all wrong and tasted terrible. Hash browns are made in house but even after ordering them crispy, they came out wet and undercooked in the center. The only thing crispy was the outside. My eggs were ordered over medium but came out so undercooked. Just white slime on top. The sausage links are butterflied and you get 2 links instead of 3 like every other breakfast place. They obviously slice them so it looks like more. I didnt really mind that bc I can never finish 3, but I didn't like the taste. My English muffin was thick and doughy, not toasted. DISASTER! I just sent it back and asked for a pancake after they offered me something else. It never came...It was a complete waste of an hour and a half that I could have had for holiday shopping!  The 2 stars are for the really nice hostesses up front
4	I've sat at the bar twice now for breakfast and had a good experience both times.  I can see where they can get packed on the weekends but I like to go midweek to avoid the crowds.My favorite is the incredible omelet with bacon, sausage, ham and some veggies.  Make sure to order your hash browns crispy or they can be a little mushy.  It also comes with a couple delicious pancakes on the side.Their coffee is above average.Overall, I like this place a lot.
4	Food is delicious and for a Sunday morning the wait wasn't too bad. I called to make reservations and then when I got there they said they don't even make reservations for 2 people so that was annoying and the waitress was a little off. But other than that its a cute and clean place! The portions are very big and they have unique breakfast selections.
4	Huge breakfast portions with quality ingredients.  The staff is well trained and customers are treated great.  This place has real potential.
4	Huge breakfast portions with quality ingredients. The staff is well trained and customers are treated great. This place has real potential.
4	Finally, someone gets it!! Awesome menu, service, friendliness, and oh, did I forget to mention the food quality, presentation, and taste. Excellent!! Please, stay and prosper.
2	Went here on Friday morning as my GF and I are looking for a solid new breakfast place in Scottsdale.  Many have been tried, none have succeeded so far.  So we found Eggstasy.  Let me say this first...it wasn't terrible.  The pancakes were decent.  The Ultimate Omelet that we had was very fresh tasting, which is a plus.  The food was actually fine.  So why the 2 stars? (Really, i would have given 2.5 if I could)  I just didn't like the atmosphere.  What is it with places in Scottsdale that have an overall douchey hipster feel to it?  It a breakfast joint for God's sake!  Why the need for the odd christmas decor? (upside down christmas trees?) And what the fuck was up with the 'coffee'?  It's some sludge that couldn't be fixed.  Fucking awful.  The little ray of sunshine that was our waitress wasn't all that great either.  Most places I don't think that are that great, I just don't go back to, but I want to give this place another shot.  One more note.  If the old lady who came around to say hello to us happens to be the owner, please take a moment to appear as an owner, and not some other customer just making the rounds.  Nothing about you coming to our table made me feel like you were the owner of the place, considering all I saw you doing before was sitting at another table across the way, as if you were just another customer.
5	I can't say enough about this place.  Junior was really great as well, even though he isn't a fan of the Seahawks:)  The food was as good as it gets, Thank you for a great experience.
1	Finally a new breakfast place!  But oh, the disappointment...Have tried Eggsasy 3 times, hoping each time that the next visit would be better.  The decor was great, but wish they would have put as much effort into the food.  Hostesses dressed like nightclub cocktail waitresses at 8:00 in the morning?  Um, ok.Menu was very large and had lots of options, unfortunately it has gotten them in trouble, as nothing I have ordered was any where near delicious.  Super loud in the dining room.  And very exspensive for sub-par food.  This kitchen needs to revamp the menu so they can focus on quality, not quantity!
5	Love Love Love this place!Seriously, if I didn't live so far from it, I'd be here everyday for breakfast.(maybe it's a good thing I live far then)Nice ambient style breakfast diner. Original, yet comfortable and ordinarily fitting.From the moment you walk in the door, everything is EGGcellent!5/5 [ Keep up the good work guys! ]
4	Have you ever been at the club, feelin' fly in your shortest dress and sparkliest hooker glitter makeup, and been like, "dang! I could really go for pancakes right now"? But, if you went for pancakes, you'd lose your buzz and maybe your random hookup? No one should have to choose between getting drunk, being seen/getting laid, and pancakes. Thank the sweet baby Jesus for Eggstasy. Housed in an innocuous appearing strip mall in Scottsdale, Eggstasy is truly like having breakfast in a nightclub. The "hostesses", who clearly look to the Kardashian family for fashion guidance, look at my handbag when I come in, not me. The space is pure Ikea, sparsely decorated, cheap and cheesy. While walking to your table, everybody is checking everybody else out hard and not trying to hide it. It is a goddamn fashion show -- stupid, but entertaining.The coffee totally sucks and is barely edible -- super burnt and bitter. The servers are nice but overwhelmed; orders go in and come out wrong; empty cups go unfilled of shitty coffee. Twice in row, they've given us food that was ordered by mistake, saying "oh, just have it, don't worry about it". It is noisy; it isn't cheap. It is crowded; be prepared to wait.So why the hell four stars, you're asking. One: The OJ is juiced on site and is incredible. Two: the whole wheat and berry pancakes, from the HEALTHY part of the menu, are literally the best fucking pancakes I've ever had. It must be the whole wheat, it gives them a little more heft and texture and allows them to get all perfectly crispy around the edges. Then they pile on mountains of fresh berries. I mean, really -- I am powerless. Three: It is way too much fun to play "let's traumatize the Scottsdalites" by showing up in pajamas and no makeup just to see the looks on their buffed and powdered faces. Four: the owners, a Greek family from Chicago, are always there, checking in and getting their hands dirty to help out. I love that. Plus, Greeks from Chicago? They make the world's most amazing food.Lastly, the Bloody Marys look amazing. Is that chocolate covered bacon in there? If I hadn't already resigned myself to be so uncool as to admit to disliking day drinking, I would be all over that.
4	Holy fuck! They give you lots of food so go hungry or hungover or both. The omelets that my husband and I had were both good. My husband ordered his with a side of pancakes which we ended up sharing. The fresh fruits were great too. Oh and they have Kaseri cheese which I saw absolutely nowhere else in a menu anywhere in the state. Not organic.
3	This place is LOUD. Went hear for breakfast with my in laws when they were in town. We had reservations and were seated promptly which was great. Overall I would give the service 4-5 stars - our waiter was attentive and the staff was courteous the entire timeHowever, I would say the food was just average - we all got different items and none of them stood out. The corn beef hash could have come from a can, the croque madame needed way more bechemal for the mountain of bread, the bene was fine and the eggs OK. THe standout was the bacon which was fantastic overall - I would come back to try the chocolate bacon but that would be it.Definitely better options for bfast in the area but not a bad spot by any means.
4	I really like this joint, with HUGE portions and a really interesting menu....something for everyone. I had a proper eggs Benedict and my date had corned beef hash and eggs....the hash browns are delishooooo and the bread is extra special, certainly from a local bakery and thickly sliced. We had to try the grits and they were really good...cheesy and chorizo, but we could not eat them all. Split them if you have 4 people. Reason for 4 stars? Dirty coffee cup, fork, and glass. Nice bright new place with dirty dishes?!?!
2	The place was freezing cold.  The service was very poor, we almost got up to get our own coffee we sat so long waiting.  The Whole Wheat French toast is to be avoided, it came off the light menu.  It is a whole wheat bread in egg whites with fresh fruit.  What I got was 3 thick pieces of bread VERY lightly toasted with almost no egg on them at all.  The fruit is dumped onto the bread (not mentioned in item description).  So what you end up with is toast with syrup.  The decor is, well there is none.  The walls are all completely blank of any and everything.  I do not even remember a mirror in the bathroom.  As I was leaving I almost got knocked over by a waitress as she bulled past me without even looking up or acknowledging she almost hit me.  I was sad because I really wanted to like this place.  I may go again and see if it changes or if it was just a bad day.  Oh and the place was so insanely loud and noisy that it was hard to speak to the people at my table.
1	How this place has 4 overall stars is beyond me.  I took my son here a few weeks ago & I'm still ticked off about our experience.  First off, let me start with the only positive thing I have for this restaurant...it has a very cool modern look and feel, which I like.Now for the rest of our experience...the music is so loud you can barely hear anything else, so I opted to sit outside.  The patio is quite large, but has absolutely no shading from the sun, it's Arizona, the sun is out 95% of the year!  I had to move my son 3 times to try & keep the sun out of his eyes.  Next, it took over 10 minutes for anyone to come over & greet us, and take a drink order.  When the waiter finally came by, I could barely hear him or understand him because he was talking so soft, I swear he was on something by the way he was acting.  I asked if we could go ahead and place our food order since my son was getting really hungry & restless.  I ordered buttered noodles for my son and bacon and eggs for me, it took 40 minutes to get our food!!!  The place was not even that busy.  I will say that the eggs were really good, but when I picked up the bacon, the grease dripped off in a huge puddle, like it was not even drained off, yikes!  Now for my son's food, he will eat just about anything you put in front of him, but as soon as he put the noodles in his mouth he spit them right back out, I have no idea what they did to them, but he just wouldn't eat them.  I told the waiter when he finally walked by again that he just couldn't eat them & asked if I could I order something different & he said that was fine & he said he would take it off the check.  I asked him to see if they could rush it & 25 minutes later, still no food for my son, I called the waiter over & he said the kitchen was really busy & couldn't give him a timeframe as to when the food would be out (again, not a ton of people in there at this time), so I said to just cancel the new order & asked if I could have the check.  He brought the check & it still had the buttered noodles on it, so I called him over again and reminded him that he said he would take it off, he then proceeded to argue with me about taking it off the check, I asked to speak to a manager & he told me that no managers are employed there...what?!?!?!  He finally got snarky and said he would take it off.Not a good experience at all for us or for the other 4 tables around me from what I observed.
2	Just had brunch...nothing eggstraordinary (pun intended)!  Hot chocolate was cold, service was a tad slow and Dali's omelette was boring!  If you are wanting brunch, there are many better places in this part of the world.
3	First visit today, and I was not impressed by the food.  Service was very good, though-- look for Shea, and at least for this morning, he was at the bar/counter.  I came in and was surprised by the number of people waiting outside (it was very chilly!), and even more amazed to see the line of people waiting to be seated inside.  And then it hit me, it's a Saturday-- I'm usually at work at this time.  A Yelp friend even warned me last night about the long wait times on the weekends, but I was dining solo, so I figured I could wait for a spot to open at the bar.  I ended up waiting for four minutes-- not too shabby!Found out that the chocolate syrup in the cafe mocha is Hershey's (corn syrup), so I opted for a cappuccino. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/eggstasy-scottsdale?start=100&select=LQ43uEfOvZzDUBGcY_q4hA#LQ43uEfOvZzDUBGcY_q4hA  LavAzza is the coffee sold here, and I like LavAzza, so far, so good.  Shea was nice enough to provide me with some receipt paper so that I may jot down a few of the entrees I had questions about, and he gave me his suggestions from the list of items I wanted to try, and I ended up ordering the Lemon-blueberry French toast http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/eggstasy-scottsdale?start=100&select=CXV8FUkYF-yixQdKW1BIIA#CXV8FUkYF-yixQdKW1BIIA and Fried truffle egg toast. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/eggstasy-scottsdale?start=100&select=J1on-3kAP9IHxQNws194sQ#J1on-3kAP9IHxQNws194sQ  As I mentioned, I wasn't impressed with the food.  First of all, the presentation of both items wasn't pleasing.  There's a reason I posted so many of the Fried truffle egg toast, and that's because no matter how many times I spun that plate around, I couldn't get a decent shot!  Also, the plates were not staged in the best way, but then again, perhaps there was no way to make them appear any better...  The pancakes were sweet on their own, but I added the last bit of pure maple syrup that the kitchen could spare, and it tasted a bit too sweet after.  They usually come with blueberry compote, so I'm assuming it was omitted due to my corn (starch) allergy.  This dish needed a cream sauce to add another layer of texture.  Otherwise, it felt like moistened and heavy pound cake to me.  The Fried truffle egg toast needed more salt, but I was hesitant in adding any more, so I added Tabasco sauce, instead.  The two eggs were sunny-side up and gave the brioche a nice color, as well as good mouth-feel, with the combo of fried bread, egg whites, and melted gruyere.  This dish needed something else, though, besides seasoning.  Some Canadian ham, perhaps?  Or a few slices of extra-thick bacon, or two, or more cheeses?  Yes, this dish, as well as the pancakes, had the makings of something great, and today's offerings do not make me want to order them again.  Two lackluster entrees at the same sitting normally wouldn't make me want to visit again, so why am I eager to go back?  Because of the cool service Shea gave me, of course!  First, he never made me feel like I was an imposition, asking so many questions and sending him to the kitchen with a list of concerns (better than asking him to memorize the questionable ingredients and the four entrees I had my eyes on).  Second, when I asked him what kind of chocolate enrobed the bacon I spotted on a neighbor's Bloody Mary http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/eggstasy-scottsdale?start=100&select=iiKKb5DG5ApDBjBUEq3-pQ#iiKKb5DG5ApDBjBUEq3-pQ, he guessed Hershey's syrup, as well (I guessed Valrhona, or something similar), but offered to double-check with the kitchen and came back with an apology that it wasn't Hershey's (I kinda knew), but a Belgian chocolate.  But wait, here's the kicker... he excused himself while he grabbed a saucer and napkin and reached into the mini-fridge for a slice of chocolate-covered bacon for me to try (shh! don't tell anyone)!   What service!  Now, I haven't had a chance to taste the said bacon slice, but I plan to ask for Shea's section- hopefully it will be at the bar, where the wait time is shorter- whenever I stop by!  Oh, and third, Shea offered to give me a cup of coffee to-go, which is probably a standard service here, but still a nice touch!p.s.  The cappuccino was very good!
5	Just stumbled upon this place by chance on a Sunday morning. Long wait is usually a good sign. The food was excellent. Very creative spins on the usual stuff. I had the stuffed brioche French toast and my wife had the salmon omelet. Both were excellent and had so many side dishes we have enough leftovers for dinner!
5	Went to Eggstasy to celebrate my birthday.  The three cheese omelet with the requested gruyere as one of the cheeses was outstanding-way too much for one person since it came with pancakes and hash browns but managed to eat most of it.  Husband ordered eggs bene and was pleased except perhaps a little too much mustard in the sauce. Daughter mentioned that it was my birthday so also received complimentary pumpkin pancakes - delicious.Kelsey was our server, and she was the best! Attentive, pleasant, and efficient. Kudos to Kelsey!Yes, the place is noisy but not so much that we were bothered. The food was so good -  we enjoyed a delicious breakfast. Will most certainly return.
5	Huge omelet portions and fresh squeezed OJ. If only I wasn't working I would have loved to taste a mimosa. The food was delicious; the menu is quite extensive. They have a pretty big outdoor patio that from what I heard gets pop'n for brunch. A must try while visiting Phoenix.
4	I tried eggstacy this weekend and it was great. The menu was huge, which is great for picky eaters. There are a ton of things I could have tried. I went with the waffles, eggs and bacon. Great all around. I loved that the fresh fruit was in big chunks and nothing gross or wimpy like those generic little fruit bowls with Honeydew.  The look & feel is great. The only exception is the group of tables next to the large kitchen opening, I wouldn't want to sit there, or at the tables that are essentially right in the doorway.
5	Cool and good place for breakfast. Gets busy on weekends about 930am so go early if you don't want to wait. Menu is quite extensive with different flavors. Mascarpone cheese and Caramelized pears in an omelet? Who'd a thought? Definitely be back.
4	New breakfast place on the Shea corridor. They have some real unique dishes with a European flavor. Really good coffee tho it can get a little loud in there. Get there by 10am or you will have a wait. Enjoy!
5	DELICIOUS! really great service and HUGE portions. Very fresh and hip atmosphere. Lots of attention to detail. There is a huge out door seating area lots of interesting flavors for pancakes. I really wanted a coffee but didn't and the espresso smelled SO GOOD. This place is great!!! We went on our lunch hour and it was quick service for a large group!
