5	The only place my vehicles will ever go..Clean, friendly, extremely reliable and honest. The best customer service in the state!
5	From now on this is THE ONLY place I will go for my car needs!!! Honest, friendly, and fast service!!
5	Classic Gold Auto Centre is Solid Gold for any auto problems and you won't break the Bank when you need a repair!! Recommended to us by an old Brooklyn friend after being seriously ripped off by several incompetent Arizona mechanics, I feel like we are back home with people who love cars. We are told exactly what is wrong with our cars. We are told exactly what it will cost. No BS here. No hidden charges. And, if the job wasn't done right they work by the Old West tradition: A man is as good as his word!! We have sent several non-Brooklyn friends to Classic Gold and they have had the same great experience- every time. You don't need to have a Brooklyn Attitude to get Solid Gold treatment at Classic Gold Auto Centre!!
5	THANK YOU Classic Gold Auto Centre!  You were wonderful, professional, kind and compassionate!  I sincerely appreciate your honest opinion, the great job you did on our truck and reassuring words in a situation that was far from certain, with insurance and other car owners involved.  You are the best.  I'll be back soon with our other car, my daughter just damaged.
5	By far the best place to your car!    They honest,   Fast and do a great job. My wife has coming here for almost 8 years and I've been coming for three years
5	Beat body shop in town joe is the best!!He does a great job on matching exotic paint
5	We were so very happy with the service here I would have no problem recommending Classic Gold to anyone needing auto body work done.  It's like it never even happened.   Thanks again!!
5	Just get my chevy cruze 2012 fixed at classic gold. Both Michael and the secretary are super nice ! Michael carefully examine the car and provided me a very reasonable estimate. They fixed the car as soon as they get the parts. Everything runs very smoothly and I am very happy with their high standard service. I would definitely recommend it to my friend !
5	I highly recommend Classic Gold for your auto body and service needs.I had Classic Gold paint a part for my motorcycle.  The paint job was fantastic and performed quicker than promised.  Mike installed the part and went above and beyond to ensure a top notch service experience.  He did what he said he would do within the timeframe stated.The price was extremely reasonable.  Definitely check them out!
2	I was sideswiped and my insurance agent recommended Classic Gold. Initially I was happy with the repairs and pleased to have my Sonata detailed inside & out. However, on closer inspection the finish work on the doors' edges is shoddy. It was disappointing and wish I'd taken my car to one of the insured's body shops. I signed off on the paperwork so don't feel I have much recourse other than taking my car back, renting a car - this time at my expense, etc. NOT pleased.
4	Initially unhappy with Classic Gold's repair work, the manager, Mike, contacted me after I complained to my insurance agent. They fixed the problems, provided me with a rental, and the owner, Fran, handed me a Starbucks gift certificate for the inconvenience when I picked up my Sonata this afternoon. Thank you. Not that I ever want to need your services again, but I wouldn't hesitate to come back.
