3	The exterior looks a bit shady. It's just an old gas station with a chain link fence set up around it. I half expected to see the merch that "fell off the truck" sold from the trunk of a car.But no, it's all new, and in their somewhat dog-eared boxes. The showroom is simply the convenience store part of the gas station, stacked floor-to-ceiling with speakers, amps, stereos, and the like.It's the kind of atmosphere that says, "these folks are willing to deal," and they did. We pawed through the goods, and made a nice stack of stuff we were interested in. We did not get the hard sell, but the guy was available when we had questions. He was very knowledgeable about his products, didn't try to oversell, nor was he condescending -- all the qualities I look for in a salesman.In the end, I think we got a fair deal for some quality components. Since we chose to do it ourselves, I have no experience with their installations, which, judging by all the folks waiting for their cars to be done, seems to be their actual bread and butter. My only issue with the place is that their hours are rather random. Getting someone on the phone, or catching them open seems to be a hit or miss affair.
5	This place is wonderful. Went in with $500 and came out with 2 12 inch subs, an amp, a deck and speakers that they upgraded for free. They even gave me a free auxiliary cord. The service was great.Not like a big chain store to screw you. They worked with me and went down on prices to fit my budget.Definitely will return here. Came with a 1 year warranty and a one week tune up.
5	Arizona Sound is by far the best place to go for audio and alarm systems. We have had them do five of our vehicles and have been happy with every aspect. You will not find better customer service, they always strive to go above and beyond!!
5	Great service at a great price. Much rather support these guys and get good service than run the risk of going to Best Buy. These guys really care that you are satisfied with your purchase and want to make sure you come back if you need anything else. I would recommend this shop to any of my friends!
4	This is a review just on talking to them, I didn't buy anything yet, but still might.  I'll revise the review if they do an install for me.I had a good talk with their installer, who really listened to my needs and what I wanted to do.  He was helpful and engaged, unlike all the other places I've visited in the last few days trying to get a new head unit for my Jeep.They promised to research my questions with the manufacturer and get back to me, which is far more than anyone else was willing to do.It's a small shop in an old gas station, but the stock is pretty huge, including lots of install supplies.  I would recommend a visit.
4	I had them install systems in 3 different cars ive owned including the current one . .as far as price of installation they cannot be beat . .on my last install i supplied the components but needed wiring, harmess etc from them . . .they installed 2 amps, cap, 1 12" woofer, 2 mids, 2 highs and 2 tweeters for around 500 bucks, Sun Valley stereo quoted me 1200 bucks for the same install!  The only reason i didnt give them 5 stars is because i paid for the switch to override the TV cutoff when car is in drive and they forgot to install it.(he gave me credit) Lupe and her husband are nice people and i recommend them to anyone with a budget. If i didnt move from AZ they would be my stereo people 4 good!
5	EASILY the best place to get anything electronic fixed in your car in Arizona. They are fast, cheap, nice, and friendly. Plenty of options to choose from so they have very flexible prices. They have given me Speakers and systems for both my car and both of my siblings car. There AWESOME! Don't see anyone else go see Arizona sound !
5	Easily the best car audio shop in Arizona.Everything is well priced and of great quality.Some of the best installers in town and they make it seem as if you're there only customer.I would recommend this to anybody wanting work on their car done.The installations are fast and inexpensive.They also have a U Haul counter that is just great!I would definitely recommend this to anybody who wants quality work on a limited budget.Right when I walked in I knew they had good service.The workers were very polite and helpful.They told me everything i wanted to know and even referred me to another place since they did not have the product i was.You can tell that this is a Mom and Pop owned shop that really wants to give you quality work.
5	Great place that will give you exactly what you wanted at a reasonable price without pushing you to buy more.They definitely have better customer service than Frys Electronic and Audio Express.The installers are friendly and want to know your needs before beginning to work on your car.
5	These guys have now saved me twice.  I was being cheap and hired a guy that was a friend of a friend to install a less pricey sound system.  Turns out he sucked and these guys saved me twice now.  This last time the guy must have not did the wiring very well because my front speaker was cutting in and out and these guys fixed it for me in about 15 minutes.  I did not wait long and they were very friendly.  Their minimum was $49 but the guy only charged me $39 since it went so quickly.  This is a tiny place that used to be a gas station that has been converted to a stereo shop.  Have not purchased anything here but twice they have fixed my crappy system that was done by a crappy installer.  Thanks guys
5	Props to this place. I have been driving around for about two months with a stereo that cuts in and out. I stopped bt audio express who told me I'd have to pay forty dollars for a diagnosis and the repair would likely cost $800. They said a new stereo wasn't an option. Decided to get a second opinion and stopped at Arizona sound. I couldn't gave asked for better no pressure information. Turns out it was the factory stereo and i could have had a new one installed for about two hundred bucks. Granted I threw in a few upgrades. Less than an hour later, I'm no longer singing to myself in the car a cappella. Thanks Arizona sound!!!
1	I am not too sure how to put half a star but that's what I would give them. My son went in there today and was treated very rudely. With no budget, he went in with cash in hand for a great stereo. When he began asking questions about installation and time frames, the little man that helped him said, "If you are not going to get it installed, stop waisting my time. Go home! " My husband and I have been there too and we were not even aknowledged. They walked right past us and helped the person behind us.  We gave them the benefit of the doubt, however, after this incident they will never ever get our business.
1	To be honest with you...... As a previous installer at Arizona sound.. These people care nothing about their customers it is simply sell what they can to whoever they can they will sell to you what you do not need just to make some extra money and talk in their installers into installing it as fast as possible. whether fitment is correct or not.. Customers come in spending thousands of dollars only to return within a few days with the garbage product.... The moral of the story is they sell used for new price and even when you're not paying attention they install other stuff than what you would actually purchased and try to explain to you they're not trying to screw you over
5	this place is awesome! they have put in gps in my cars and trucks. plus installed radios and back cameras.this is the only place i'll use.
