4	I stopped by here earlier today for lunch with my father.  Recently I have driven by the old town buffet a number of times and the cheap prices combined with the number of items they advertise as having on their buffet (200) catches my attention every time.  So today whenever my father and I were trying to thinking of a cheap and fast sit down place, this came to mind.  Whenever you first walk in you can see the restaurant is divided into two distinct areas, a dining room and the buffet.  The dining room has a number of larger and smaller tables as well as some booths.  Whenever we got there at around 11:30 the place was maybe a quarter full.  By the time we left it was closer to 80% or so full with hordes more people coming in as we were leaving.My father and I were sat at a booth and shortly thereafter we headed up to the buffet.  I have to admit that I was impressed at the sheer size of it because it is pretty huge.  They have everything from Chinese food to sushi to American food and even a hibachi grill.  I know that I personally tried about 6 different chicken entrees myself and I barely put a dent in trying them all.  My favorite items on the buffet happened to be the hot and sour soup and then the crab rangoons.  The hot and sour soup was a bit spicier than most places which I loved and then the crab rangoons had a bit more liquid center than I am used to but better flavor.  My least favorite item on the buffet ended up being the General Tso's chicken.  Now I realize that each place has their own recipe but this didn't taste similar to any other that I have had before and seemed to lack a little of the heat while being overly sweet.  There were plenty of other dishes to make it for it though.The bottom line for me is that I would head here again in the future.  While the food itself would only be worth 2 or 3 stars, the value of this place puts it over the top.  For $6.99 each, both my father and myself stuffed ourselves on the buffet.
1	The toilet says......God have mercy on their souls, for they know not what they go.Absolute garbage. Place has a very foul odor to it, not sure if it was the actual place or the low class patrons who frequent here. Service is horrible as well.Sushi is extremely low quality, and the salmon roll had an extremely fishy smell. All the fried food looked as though it had been sitting there all day. Hibachi was the only redeeming thing here, but takes an eternity because they have one chef for the entire restaurant!!! The food overall was very poor, I did not feel well afterwards.Save your money and go to an actual chinese restaurant like Sesame Inn or Silk Road. Those establishments ensure your experience and meal are of the highest quality. Old Town Buffet is garbage, plain and simple. I would not recommend this dump to anyone.
3	I'm not to keen on Asian buffets, but since there was American food I figured I'd give it a shot. There is definitely a good variety of food. I personally go for the more "American-ized" type of Asian food and there was enough of that and typical buffet foods like meat, chicken to fill me as well. The place is very nice (still resembling the old Tambellini's) and the staff is pleasant. My only complaint is the they have a wide selection of food, but it was just... okay. Maybe it's because we got there around an hour before they closed, but none of the food tasted very fresh and up to temp. The bread was pretty hard and I don't think anything I tried was really too warm. I'll give them the benefit of the doubt since it was near closing, but it still makes me consider if I want to go back.
3	Besides playing Jesus music the entire time, this Chinese buffet isn't bad. They have a large spread, sushi included. I wish they had tofu though..
1	Horrible, one cup of coffee must be the limit with one creamer. Food dry and sitting forever, pretty mcmasty!!!
1	My gut said no way to a buffet but I always wanted to see if they kept the awesome bar that was in Tambellini's.  They got rid of the bar and have a very impressive looking buffet set up, in fact if the food was any good it would be an amazing place.  My gut was correct and I will never go back.  This place was horrible.  I don't even know how they can screw up food as bad as they did.  The crabmeat is imitation and I couldn't even get a bite down.  The beef which you cut yourself was as dry as leather from a dead camel in the desert.  The salmon tasted worse than it looked and smelled.  The chicken was edible but I am not sure it was chicken.  Same with the "pork chops", they had a very strange taste.  Yes it is "all you can eat" but my plates went back full as it was "all I could not eat".  I finally scavenged some good mushrooms, some chicken, and added it to the fried rice, lots of salt and I managed to get a plate down.  They advertise Hibachi too, but it is a couple of guys hanging out at a grill waiting to throw whatever you hand them from the mini buffet onto the grill. I must say, the Coke was good and there was plenty of parking.  Confucius say.... no buffet.... stay away. Pretty sure the crawfish come from the crick that runs along Saw Mill Run.  We need a symbol that is not a star at all for this one.  Save yourself!  Run!  Bring back Tambellini's.
2	this is the former Misaki Buffet .  i believe one of the 2 owner/investors wanted out and thus the name change.  there's less sushi than there used to be and no nigiri pieces.  it's all the same American / Americanized-Chinese food on the buffets.it was initially $6.99 but they just raised the lunch (m-f) price to $7.99 as of June 2014.  I suspect it will continue to rise until they notice people aren't coming as often. To be honest the food is not really worth any more than the current price and you can have the proper real-deal sushi experience at places like "Oriental Buffet" on McKnight Road or Hokkaido Buffet in the East end near the Waterfront area.  They are a dollar or 2 more for lunch but are definetly better in quality (and atmosphere)  The problem with this space is that it's the former Tambellini Italian restaurant with all the requisite tacky Italian ristorante old school decor and embellishments.  This gets on my nerves but clearly the new owners are not interested in re-doing the interior.  The lighting can be very dim, too.  Yellow-ish lights . Not particulary conducive to eating fresh food, imo .  You can see that they truck in the kitchen employees all at once from who knows where. I just hope they are being paid fairly and reasonably .  The only reason I patronize this place is that it's very close to where I live . Otherwise i'd head to other area buffets  like The Mintt (Indian food) and the aforementioned places.  On a last note - sorry to be judgemental but you will see a lot of very obese urban dweller-types streaming in everytime you're there .  White black and every other racial persuasion .  The downtrodden and unhealthy looking varieties.  It can be a little off putting .
5	This is a solid choice if you're looking for an all-you-can-eat buffet - I mean, where else can you find unlimited sushi, shrimp cocktail, crawfish, clams, hot and sour soup, made-to-order hibachi, strangely delicious green beans, AND breadsticks, all for just $11.99 per person at peak hours (even less for lunch and weekdays)? Sure, the decor is a little strange for an Asian buffet as they seem to have kept everything from the spot's former Italian restaurant days, but if not redecorating means I get a cheaper meal, then I'm onboard. The dining room is huge so there is never a wait for seating.
3	I had the dinner Buffett, which was $11.78 with tax. With that being said, it's worth the value. There is a ton of food options. I hit the Chinese buffet counter & the sushi counter. There are still a few other stations I couldn't try because I was full.The quality of food was mediocre. If you are used to eating really good sushi or at good Chinese restaurants you need to lower your expectations. The size of the pieces of sushi are smaller than normal, & almost every piece had avocado, which became tiresome. Most of the Chinese food is fried.Although I appreciate Asian people working in the front of the house, as it felt more authentic, the service sucks. My server brought me water initially but never stopped by to see how the food was. I had to get his attention to get a refill on water. Out of the hostess/cashier, the servers & the front house cooks I never saw one of them smiling. They were not friendly & welcoming.Although spacious, which is nice, the lighting was very bright. In addition, the one thing that really pissed me off was the constant play of Christian Rock. Bad, bad call. They should be playing classical or traditional Asian music. Christian Rock is not appreciated by everyone & can alienate people. I will not be going back to this place again, unless I hear of an internal overhaul. I get that it's a Buffett but they're not trying hard to attract more people & grow the business & it shows.
4	Having a toddler, our family loves buffets because we can eat as soon as we are seated and can eat many small plates. We came here for lunch and was seated promptly at 11:30am. At this hour, ALL the dishes were fresh, hot, and "Yum Yum" (what our son sings when he likes something). Our son ate for free and our bill was a lot cheaper than the average ready made lunches. We will definitely be back for the lunches @ 11:30am!! Great value for the amount of foods to sample and enjoy. If the music was better it may have been 5 stars. Our dining experience made us travel back in time by a few decades...that could be good or bad!
4	This is a good place to eat. Food is very good and fresh. Price is decent and the staff are friendly.
4	Great selection of food there is something for everyone.  Really different dishes perfect place to try a taste.  Good value for the money.  Will return again
3	We've been to a lot of Chinese buffets around pittsburgh.  The sushi is ok recommend cutting down on variety to move it faster which makes it fresher. The white rice can have hard bits in it. The coconut shrimp is usually cold,  not clear what the issue is with steam tables. The rest is ok if you're not picky like me. But then my boyfriend won't go back and he likes everything.  Cannot comment on any meats other than fish. I don't eat other meats. Good place for kids or people who don't go out to eat much. Not a bad price. Try robinson Chinese buffet much better
2	A friend of mine loves this place. So I've been dragged here a lot. But honestly I'll never come here by my own choice.The quality of the food earns it no star. The variety earns it one star. And the price earns it another.I think I'm only forgiving the quality of the food because of the variety and the price. Most of the food is especially greasy. The fried chicken would have oil dripping from it when you bite on it. The stews are almost just meat soaked in oil. And almost all the sauces are the greasiest versions that I've ever seen. Well it's only 8 dollars for a meal, so I can understand what they're trying to do, but I think most people would prefer something less fatty for a little more money. Also lots of the food taste like it's been sitting there for hours. It's very easy to go wrong. So if you're actually looking to have a nice meal and/or impress someone, don't ever come here. The only place that I feel like I could trust in this place is the grill, because you get to pick your own ingredients, and it wouldn't be too greasy - prob because it's really cheap anyway, so there's no need to stuff you to make you eat less. By the way sushi's famous for filling your stomach after you drink any liquid. So there you go, another trick to fill you up.The price and the variety are the only reasons I'm giving it a score above the minimum. I don't think there's any other place that gives you salmon and crab and beef and all sorts of stuff for just 8 dollars. They also have salads, soups, fruits, and ice cream with a chocolate fondue. So I guess it still merits an okay score. If you're low on budget but really want to eat some meat (or are just starving so bad that you could eat a horse), then I guess this place is for you.Overall, in terms of quality of food, this is the worst buffet I've ever been to. (I'm not even judging on the fact that it's Americanized Chinese food, which is a weird existence to me) But I'll give it a 2, since it's also the cheapest buffet I've gone to and has an above average variety.
4	All these review had me not wanting to come here.  But the food was better than I had expected.  They have a good selection and things were fresh. I was surprised it was busy for lunch but it is roomy enough that it didn't matter.  Price was very reasonable and parking was easy.
