5	Met these guys a few months back and finally gave them a try. I'm so glad I did. Their products are awesome, healthy and come straight to my door. In my experience, they are actually saving my wife and I money on our grocery budget AND the time and energy to get there. I'm a fan
5	Love the food!  Love the service!  I've been using TopLine Foods for a year now and get rave reviews when I grill up one of their steaks for dinner.  I even get a better response when I tell my guests their whole meal was organic.  Thanks TopLine...Love the new website too!
5	My parents and I have been using Topline Foods for the last year. I appreciate the individual packaging and the great customer service from Jeff and his team. The product quality is stellar and the convenience is awesome. Great job Topline!
5	I live in San Diego, CA. While there are a few sources for natural-fed meats, none is as convenient or economical as Topline.My wife and I generally order about $200 worth of food each order to restock our freezer for a couple of months. It's super convenient that Topline packages the food in individual servings within vacuum sealed bags. When we want to make dinner, we grab a couple of servings of our desired meat, throw them in cold water to defrost, then cook them up in 15-30 minutes.It's nice cooking at home and knowing that you're eating quality food.I recommend TopLine to all of my friends because it's convenient and economical.
5	For years I bought value packs of chicken and beef, trying to save money and watch for sales on organic or at least natural meats...beef being the least likely I'd find.  Then I found TopLine foods and all I can say us WOW!  Great array of organic choices, unbeatable prices for organic and fresh food while being a huge money saver!  Fish, like Wahoo that we could only get in Aruba arrives on my doorstep and so great it tastes like we caught it that day!  Thank you TopLine for making us a healthier and happier household!
1	The prices they offer are as much if not more than Whole Foods. In fact I paid $5.99 a pound for organic turkey when I could have purchased it at Whole Foods, Sprouts, or Boxed Greens for much less i.e. $3.99 and I paid delivery on top of the outrageous price. I am sorry but if a company is charging more than Whole Foods, the King of organic price gauging, they shouldn't be in that business. Very disappointed as I feel I have been used and that they made a lot of money on a handful of unsuspecting people!!
5	I was ordering all of my meats from Topline last year and was thrilled with the products and service I was getting. It was as good as it gets.This year, I made a terrible mistake and ordered from another supplier because they had a good sale going on. Not only was their customer service a nightmare, but the shipping was late and the product was thawed by the time it got to me [3 days later than it should have, no less]. Though I realize this is the shipper's fault more than anything, I complained to the company, and they have done absolutely nothing to resolve the issue. I will never make that mistake again! Shame on me for ordering elsewhere when I knew I already had the best. Topline has the best quality meat I've ever had and their customer service is absolutely top notch - super responsive, fast, and friendly. I can't say enough good things about them to my friends and family, and will continue to be a loyal customer.
5	Healthy grass-fed beef, good selection of other meats as well, good price, fast shipping - what else can you ask for? Well, I guess you could ask them to show up at your house and cook it for you, but aside from that... Topline is as good as it gets for the meat-in-a-cooler biz.
5	I am satisfied beyond my expectations with the quality of the meat I ordered, the customer service, and the value and pricing. It shipped quickly - with a phone call to make sure I knew the package was on it's way; it was packaged very well, no risk that it could thaw.I like the size of the cuts and the quality of the cuts especially.The taste of your meat and the quality of the cuts surpasses other competitors in this same space. You have another loyal customer!
5	I love this place! The meat is tender (along with all of their foods), the prices are great, the convenience is wonderful. They call you and schedule a time that is good for you and the customer service is amazing. The only thing I wish is that they have more products, but if they did that all other stores would go out of business after people tried them.BTW I really didn't think they were going to be as awesome as they are.
