1	Came here with my dad : unaware it was a new restaurant. We were seated and soon figured out this was not the mexican restaurant we once knew! But decided to stay to give it a shot~ First thing that was odd is our waiter told us, "This isn't traditional Mexican like the old restaurant. It's Modern Mexican!" So apparently Modern Mexi looks like this::Undercooked chewy chips that you pay extra for. Bad salsa, No salt or pepper--no combination plates. high prices and service was slow and staff were a bunch of pretty faces lacking the basic knowledge of good service. We sent back our plates twice (cold meals) and didn't even get a discount on the check or a apology. Maybe it's just their opening of this week?? But many extra staff were on hand. A girl actually stood in front of us for the entire meal because she had nothing to do.  Which made us both very uncomfortable. [You'd think with SO much extra staff they shouldn't of had the kinds of problems with being slow & bad food sent out.] ? Oh Well. Our experience was extremely unenjoyable. Just visiting the area, staying at my uncle's and will never come back to eat here. (we advised him and his wife to stay away too!)
2	After hawking the dos caminos website like a creep since the abrupt shutdown a while back, I was to finally enjoy the delicious food I sinfully craved. I was ready for a mission! Loose fitting clothing ... Check! Somewhat starved family... Check! Husband prepared for the financial damage.. Check! There was no way I could fail!Forgetting this was a mission that had to be completed by two parties! Dos had to deliver or I'd be fighting a war of devastation.... And I deed that ended up being the case! We ordered guacamole, chips and salsa, the trio bocadito ( may be the name of the app), two kids slider meals, 1 kids quesadilla, smoked brisket enchiladas, and the short rib barbacoa. The guacamole app was the initial warning enforce the storm! Call me 730 coocoo but they used to offer the guacamole trio... Not anymore . What ev! So the guacamole was ok, but I needed more salt, there was none. (Can't you just not stand when a restaurant fees the food s so on point that salt and pep are not needed. . Well exsqueeze me for having such a palate) the salsas were ok. My fave was the red one.. Salt would have helped. Also not sure what was up with the chips but they were chewy as the first review stated. On to the main dishes. To begin, when do kids sliders resemble three hamburgers from McDonald's, minus the fact that they're served medium!!! What kid eats a medium burger?? 14$ down the drain. The cheese quesadilla was inedible smothered in cheese, I couldn't let my son (10 months) risk that cardiac attack so i sent it back! The beef short rib ish was flavorful, but the meat wasn't as tender as it could have been! It made it a bit rough to enjoy. The smoked brisket was ok also, just a king a bit in flavor. I feel this day coulda just been a clusterfracked day for them being it was opening day. Waaaay too many people in your grill when your eating, food just not up to par. Prices for quality ratio out of wack! I really wanted to enjoy my meal but 100$ tab left me feeling sick and confused as to what happened! Maybe ill come back in about a year when the pace gets a bit more established.
5	Decided to come here with a few friends after losing horribly at bingo across the street at Red Rock. I didn't know what to expect considering I had gone to this restaurant a few years back when it was located in the Venetian, and received horrible service (and the food wasn't much better.) We sat at the bar and ordered drinks, the bartender was super friendly and our drinks were very strong, but still tasty. We started with chips & salsa and the spicy guacamole. It was a lot spicier than I thought it would be, but it was still pretty good. The boyfriend and I ordered chicken quesadillas to share, they were delicious and it was such a large portion that we couldn't finish it. This place definitely redeemed itself since my last visit, everyone in our group enjoyed their meal and we would definitely come back.
4	I got to sample many of their original appetizers, guac, salsa and margaritas at their media night event on the patio. The staff was awesome and made sure everyone got to try their yummy drinks. The plaintain empanadas, tuna ceviche and prickly pear margaritas were delicious, and so was the chips, salsa and guacamole. The decor was changed, and while the new lighting and overall design is a bit more upscale, I miss the old colorful look that was Agave. At least they didn't paint over the hot pink exterior! The patio is still awesome, with new lighting and some changes to the seating arrangement. Also, new pillows maybe?They are keeping the video poker machines, which I was told will be turned on next week. I hope they have lots of gaming promotions! Are you listening, Dos Caminos??
3	Wife and I went here to experience the newest Mexican restaurant in our area.  Having been a fan of Agave which had previously been at this location we surely thought they must have closed for something better, this was not the case.  The menu seemed somewhat limited, they did not have burritos on the menu and had a quesadilla listed as a main dish.  They had Mexican Hamburgers listed which are just Tortas you could get at Roberto's.  We ordered some chips and salsa, there was nothing special about them and they showed $3.00 on menu.  The medium hot salsa was more like a paste as opposed to regular salsa.  I ordered the chicken fajitas ($14.95) and the wife had grilled mahi mahi tacos ($12.95) for three small tacos.  The waiter said there was not a creamy sauce on the tacos when in fact there was.  The service was good but staff didn't seem too knowledgable about the menu. The wait for food didn't seem very long but it was a Thursday night and they weren't the busiest.  When my fajitas came out they came with 3 small tortillas which didn't appear to be enough to fit the fajitas in so I had to ask for more.  The wife enjoyed her fish tacos and also had a skinny margarita to drink which was good but she said was a little light on the tequila.  The menu was a little lackluster with limited options.We were under the impression the rice and beans came with both meals and when we inquired to the bus boy he said he wasn't sure because it was his first day there.  I was going to tell him it was my first day there as well.  All in all the food was alright and the prices were a little higher than what you would expect.  The interior didn't look too much different than Agave but maybe a little more decor.  There was an outside seating area off the bar with several fire places which wouldn't be a bad place for drinks when it warmed up a little more.  If we go back it will be just for drinks.
4	I was so excited to hear that Dos Caminos was coming to Summerlin. I had tried the one in the Palazzo a few years ago and loved the guacamole. Walking in .. we noticed that they hadn't done too much renovating from the old Agave restaurant. It's still open, spacious with comfy booths all around and a huge inviting bar in the middle. Love the outdoor space which would be great for cocktails and appetizers. We ordered the Guacamole with the Jumbo Lump Crab and Chipotle .. it was just as good if not better than I had remembered. The trio of salsas was good as well, and the accompanying chips crisp and nice and salty. Mom decided on the Grilled Shrimp Quesadilla which was served on an open-faced crispy tortilla. She loved it .. I mean really loved it .. and she doesn't usually go for Mexican fare. She even loved it as leftovers the next day! I wanted to try a little of everything and got the Dos Caminos Bocadito Trio. It came with two pieces each of the chicken taquitos, molotes potosinas (corn masa turnovers with roasted pepper rajas, spicy house made cheese,pepita-pasilla de oaxaca salsa), and the plantain empanadas. I found the empanadas to be bland and mushy, the chicken in the taquitos dry and the potosinas just okay. Definitely not something I'd ever order again. We will most certainly be back as it's so close to home and I would go just for the guacamole, salsa and chips. And then maybe sample one of those yummy sounding desserts!
1	If I could give zero stars I would.I was a huge fan of agave, the restaurant that was here previously, me and my family would come pretty regularly, that all changed tonight! By far the worst experience I've ever had at a restaurant, after a nice long wait for a table we were greeted by a sour attitude waitress, waited ten min for water, and another 30 min to order food. With crapy wanna be salsa and something that they tried to pass as guacamole to keep us company I felt this dinner quickly going down the drain The menu selection is extremely poor, I'm not sure how they can call it Mexican food..  To what seemed like an hour wait and I'm sure it was close to that since it took us from 7 pm till 9:45 to finally leave.. we got our sad pitiful over priced sorry excuse for mex food. the food was cold and way to spicy for something on the menu that wasn't supposed to be. It took 3 times to ask for a side of sour cream, They brought out rice and beans for table share and when it was set on the table I laughed !! Think one bite wonder for something that was supposed to feed 6 peopleWhen I said something to a manager about how I was extremely disappointed with everything she looked at me confused and just asked if we wanted dessert I declined and just wanted the bill ( no apology and deff nothing was done about the check either) So we will never be going back, and sorry to say I don't see a successful business happing thereCome back agave !!!
4	I'm not a big yelper but for dos I couldn't resist. The service was attentive, the drinks were cold and the food was amazing!!! The atmosphere is cool. Outdoor seating with fire pits. Some cool cocktails and the best damn Mexican food I've ever had. And they just opened so its just gonna get better. Viva la dos!!! Guac/fajitas were awesome!!!
3	I work just across the street, so it's a good default place to go right after work with co-workers. Dos Cominos replaced Agave, but since I was only there for happy hour, I can't really compare the two. They have a great patio area, however I do wish they would offer better happy hour specials. To name a few, you get 25% off Sangria pitchers, $1 off margarita's and $3 Coors beer. There are better deals to be had in Summerlin. At least they give you 50% off appetizers. At this time, they do not make one of my top places for happy hour places, but it sticks around as an option.
5	Great place! The drinks are amazing!!!! Fun hot peeps in the bar.Specialty cocktails are great.  this place use to be on the Strip and recently took over Agave - what a great change.  we needed this in summerlin.  YOU MUST GO!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
2	We went with a group of eight on a Saturday night. I expected the service to be somewhat slower, but we were there for THREE hours!  It was one of the worst dining experiences ever. The staff was not knowledgable, and management was apathetic when we expressed our concern. Two of the three hours, we sat waiting for our food from the kitchen, and filled up on chips and salsa. Their menu is extremely limited, and not that flavorful when you get your entree. There are definitely better Mexican restaurants nearby that I would highly recommend that are not overpriced and sucky on service!
5	Our family ate at Dos Caminos last night, slightly nervous after reading the reviews. We were pleasantly surprised at every turn. The white Sangria was fantastic, as were the chips, salsa and guacamole. Our family is pretty picky when it comes to Mexican food and we thought this was wonderful. Service was excellent.
4	Nice atmosphere.  My companion had the pork tacos which he said were quite good.  My fish tacos were a bit rubbery ( both the fish and the corn tortillas) but tasty.  The guac was good and plentiful and the salsas and chips flavorful.  It's local and reasonably priced so we will go back but perhaps I will select a different menu item.
5	My girlfriends and I decided to come down to dos in summerlin to try it out because we loved the old one in palazzo. We had a reservation but brought a few joiners and the hostesses were so nice and got us a great booth near the kitchen. The waitress was so nice and fun and suggested excellent cocktails. I ordered the enchiladas and they were delicious. Everything was prompt and so good. Definitely going back!
5	Best Mexican food in Las Vegas!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
3	I had no idea that Agave, the restaurant that was in this space before, had closed until my good gal pal invited me to dine here.  What I liked about Agave was the cool decor and ambiance, including the huge wooden doors, the patio, even the bathrooms; all these things are intact with the change in ownership.  What's also the same, to me, is that the food is just OK.  What's different is that Dos Caminos is a small chain with locations in New York, Atlantic City, and Ft. Lauderdale and the prices seem to be more expensive than Agave.We had:traditional guacamolecrunchy veggies for dippingDos Caminos Bocaditos trioWe were served complimentary chips with three different kinds of salsa:  tomatillo (watery), a red salsa (had a slight kick and tasty), and a spicier orange salsa (can't remember the ingredients, but I didn't really eat it).  Gal Pal had the guacamole and veggies as her meal and she liked it just fine.  I had the trio, which consisted of two chicken taquitos topped with some kind of cabbage slaw, two plaintain empanadas, and two molotes potosinas (corn masa turnovers with roasted red pepper, spicy cheese, and salsa).  This trio was listed on the menu as priced at $16.50, so I was expecting six bigger pieces of food. When the platter was served, I was surprised at how small the servings were for that price.  I liked the chicken taquitos after I nudged the cabbage slaw off (didn't like the taste at all-sour) and I liked the plaintains, as well.  I did not care for the molotes and only ate one, hoping it would get better; it didn't.  It was just kind of spicy tastelessness (is that a word?)When the bill came, my trio was only $8.25, so it must have been priced for happy hour, which is a good thing because that dish is not worth $16.50.  I do have to say that the service was great and we sat on the patio, enjoying the late afternoon sunset.  I just wish the food matched the environment.
3	Overpriced....Drinks OVERpriced...Cheapest Margarita was about $9 bucks.Good salsa, good guacamole...Very salty chipsLame chicken taco's, did not like them at all. Portion size was not good either....but I did not finish them because I would rather have Taco Bell than these "fancy" taco's.Not impressed so far but might give them another chance for dinner one time, the lunch was certainly nothing special.
5	Glad this place moved from the strip to Summerlin. A lot better atmosphere with the same great food and drinks, especially the chili infused vodka! Can't go wrong with the guacamole!
5	"Almost didn't go after reading all the bad reviews but so glad we did! I've spent 20+ years in the hospitality and service industry and must say that the food was great and service wast right on target! Make your own decision, I promise you won't be disappointed!"
4	I wasn't sure what to expect, but I was pleasantly surprised! We were regulars at Agave (which occupied the space previously) and the look was relatively the same, with some nice updates - reupholstered booths, cool lanterns hanging inside and over the patio.The highlights were the Mexican street corn and the poblano cornbread. So good! My husband had the shrimp fajitas. Although it was more like a paella with tortillas, it was awesome! I had the chicken fajitas and it was also good (not as good as the shrimp) but it was cooked in a red sauce, and wasn't like a traditional fajita. We also had the house made guacamole and that was pretty good as well.We were there on a Sunday night and it wasn't too busy (maybe 1/4 full) and service was excellent. Looking forward to going back!
2	Everything looks nice, but a lot of the aesthetics are holdovers from when this was Agave. Like a lot of other Yelpers I was excited about this place opening up off the strip, but unfortunately it failed to live up to expectations. I would give it a one star except the employees were nice! Unfortunately the happy hour menu is unclear, the point of sale system doesn't seem to like discounting anything correctly, the drinks aren't great and the food isn't any good. Everything we ordered came out without key ingredients (like.. chicken..) or just plain tasted bad. Probably not coming back, not with so many other happy hour options in the area.
5	Highly recommend the fish tacos, shrimp fajitas and the guacamole! So yummy! We washed them down with skinny margaritas on the patio. Perfect evening! We will be back. :)
1	The sign said open, and the doors were open. When we walked in, 2 managers and the hostess were standing talking to each other. The hostess said "we don't open until 4" (it's 3:15) and I said "well your sign said open" and she said "yes we are open for business but we don't serve until 4". So we left. And because the managers had nothing to say, I won't go back. Too bad they aren't at the palazzo anymore because they seemed to have lost class as well as customers.
5	Having lived in the area for quite some time, I frequented Agave a few times and was never really impressed. Food was bland and service was very lack luster, which is why I have been hesitant to give Dos Caminos a try. I was shopping in the same plaza and decided to give them a shot. I had an amazing experience. The decor was way better than that pepto bismol pink that was agave before. My servers name was Will and he was a pro. I had the brisket enchilada and was not what I expected... it was better. I really liked spicy smokiness. Will suggested a prickly pear margarita to wash it all down. Also delicious. I enjoyed the fact that they are not your typical slop and serve mexican joint. I will absolutely be back with friends.
4	I had a braised short rib special and it was melt in your mouth delicous! The corn was very good as well. I was not happy with the chips, but the salsa was okay. The stand out for me was their delicious margaritas! I will go back for those alone!
2	Everything is OK, but the prices are high in correlation to the food quality.  The bloody mary and the guac both looked promising, but left a lot to be desired.  We went for the Cinco de Mayo street festival, but opted to grab seats at the bar because there were only 4 tables outside and no seating, plus the music was deafening.  The servers at the bar were nice and prompt.  The Rio Grande Pancho Verde Chile Cerveza on draft was quite good.
1	I hate to say it but I was VERY disappointed with my experience. Before I go deeper I will say that the guac is very good but that does not save this place in any way. Lets start with the food. I ordered what is their version of fajitas, now I saw cheese on the list of ingredients for the dish, and to me meat and cheese is not a bad thing. What I did not expect is: mealy textured meat, as if defrosted wrong, meat cooked on a flat iron that had no flavor of its own and a puddle of salty, oily cheese that was disgusting. The flavors were out of balance and one of the worst dishes I have ever seen or tasted. The tortillas were wet and sticky on one side and dry on the other, I mean how do you screw that up??????Service started out good, there was a delay in getting our first and second rounds of drinks, but I can understand a busy bar. The fact that our server filled up an ice tea a table away and did not bother to fill my water glass when it was empty was not good. But when she leaned across a railing that was behind me to ask me if I wanted another drink, is where it went down hill. Three steps more and she could have been table side. So now we forward to me telling our server about my main course, she takes it away, I never see a manager, and before we could consider ordering desert, coffee or even finish our second round of drinks she plops the check in front of my face. The asks "Oh you didn't want any thing else did you?"  WOW! I have never been so insulted of felt like I was being told to 'Get the hell out' in my life. I was so mad I could not speak and no manager ever bothered to follow up with us about dinner.I am in the service industry and have work in every thing from Chevy's to Micheline Star rated establishments and this by far was the WORST experience I have ever had!!!! I will never return to this place!!!!!!!!
1	The place looked great but after we sat down it was downhill from there!! I ordered the chicken tacos they were so spicy I could not even enjoy them beans and rice were plain so all I ate was one taco. My fiance ordered the chicken salad the chicken was over seasoned and he only ate maybe half. Our friends ordered the burgers and they actually said they tasted great and I wish I ordered that but who knew burgers at a Mexican restaurant would be their highlight! To top it off the service was so slow and it took about 35 minutes for the food to arrive I will never return to this place.........................................
5	So this is my second time with Dos.  I went for the brunch. Not sure why so many negative reviews.... This place  is great. We had Maria as our server. She was very knowledgable and had great recommendations. She is from the original agave, and even remembered me. You get a complimentary cocktail with brunch (choice of margarita, mimosa, screwdriver, bloodymary, coffee or tea). We sat on the patio. i ordered the 3 egg omelet with chorizo. I will come back again!!!!  It doesn't open until 11am. Perfect for a Sunday. Must go!!!
4	Hey guess what? We get it it's not Agave anymore...get over it!!! Every other bad review dings Dos Caminos for not being Agave. Let me explain how businesses work. Dos Caminos didn't force Agave to close. It closed because no one went there. If you loved it so much, you should have gotten up from your tushy and eaten there. But you obviously didn't so now you just have to accept that these are two different restaurants. Got it? They are not related. Cool? OK great!  Now that that's clear, I digress.Is the service painfully slow here? Good God yes! Are most of the servers a tiny bit stupid/bored/socially awkward? Why yes they are. Is the food still just as delicious as it was when it was on the strip? Yes indeed do! This is a solid 3.5 stars. The food really is good. Great guacamole, quesadillas and chilaquiles were also really good.
4	I had read all the reviews and was a little nervous abt going. Not sure why now. Went with friends. Each of us had a drink, and they were good. Tasted like what we ordered and what we expected from margaritas and mojitos (and without the Strip price tag).We each had some version of tacos. No complaints.The fish tacos were a little spicy, but I do have a sensitive palate. The chips and sauces were more than enough for the three of us, and we shared a two-person order of guacamole and had a little left over because our food came before we finished it. Sat outside on the patio. It was a little windy, and they turned on the fire place about half hour after sunset. (As an East Coast transplant, always humored when 75 degrees = cold.) Service was totally fine; waitress was friendly and quick to meet our needs for more water and shared dessert. Music was '80s hits until abt 8 when they dimmed the lights and put on mariachi music. $30 a piece for tip, shared dessert, drink, guacamole, and entree. Sounds average for Summerlin.Really not sure why so many poor reviews. I went to Agave once and liked it the food but really don't see much difference. Feel like others may be splitting hairs and comparing red apples to green apples.
4	I've been here twice for brunch and it has been great both visits. Each time the service was friendly and very attentive. The food was tasty and they quite possibly serve one of the best Bloody Mary's I've ever had.
5	On a mission to try new restaurants closer to home, we found Dos Caminos which had recently opened in our neighborhood.  We chose to eat inside but next time will definitely relax on that gorgeous looking patio.  The guacamole is made fresh to order. We had the traditional kind and the mango habanero.  My only regret is not ordering the one with crab as well.  We shared queso fundido, the chicken taquitos and the grilled shrimp quesadilla. And the mexican street corn side has a great presentation and a really fabulous smoky taste. I loved all our choices. Everything tasted really fresh and vibrant. Our server was knowledgeable, cheerful and efficient and we really got to enjoy our experience. I'm really pleased that a restaurant of this quality has opened up on my side of the City, rather than having to trek to the Strip.  Looking forward to returning to try more of their menu and to sample another of their tempting Margaritas.
1	This place is awful.  The service was terrible.  Our waiter took 15 minutes after we got there to take our order.  It seems that the waiters take the order and someone else does the rest (another person brought the food, drinks, refills, etc.).  We never saw our waiter again until he handed us the bill.  The food is spicy, even if you order mild.  It just didn't have a good taste to it.  Agave, which was the name of this previous restaurant, was much, much better.  The food is expensive, too.  If you want this type of quality food, just to to Del Taco or Taco Bell...cheaper and taste the same, or even better.
5	I'm not sure why people are giving bad reviews, other than Vitners Grill and Honey Salt, there are no other non casino restaurants, offering designer decor, superior food, custom cocktails.  I enjoyed the outdoor patio when it was Agave and still enjoy it now as Dos Caminos. The grilled fish tacos are amazing, their skinny margarita is a great low cal option, and the cornbread side dish is like dessert. I would recommend for girls night out, dinner date, or even family dinner.
1	I was so excited to revisit the old Agave.  I love the outside patio. Unfortunately, it was too hot for my taste.  We were seated by the door and it was still pretty warm inside.  I did enjoy the chips and salsa.  However, my sangria was sample sized.  We order the ceviche duo with shrimp and tuna.  There might have been one or two (very small) chopped shrimp and a few bits of tuna.  Since I was so warm, I ordered the chopped salad.  It was bland.  Won't be back again.
5	Tasty food!!
4	Hey, you can't go wrong with the brunch.  For around $12, you get a pretty tasty meal and a drink included.  It's a great deal compared to their regular-menu entrees, which were running around $16-$18, not including a drink.  I had the benedict that was on the brunch menu, and, in all honesty, the eggs were very overcooked (i.e. not runny at all, but a hard cooked yolk), but I still enjoyed the sauce and the potatoes that came with it.  And the margarita at 11:00 in the morning ain't half bad, either.
4	Some decent vegetarian options. We had queso fundido, plantain empanadas, and veggie tacos. Micheladas are good here. Nice decor and service. Would return.
1	Very disappointed.  The place looked fun and interesting but it was all a let down from there.The hostess was cold and standoffish.  Flopped our menus on the table and left.  The waitress was friendly but odd about drink options, offered tap water and left.   The menu choices looked dismal.  Lots of good options for drinks, But that's about it.  No burritos or fajitas.  Tacos and odd plates only. N waited forever and finally threw down a few bucks for the tap water we didn't drink and walked out.Headed next door for a delicious meal and good drinks.  Will never go back.
5	Their chicken tacos, which are garnished with fried chicken skin, are incredible!
4	First time to Dos Caminos and it wasnt bad. I came at the right time (Happy Hour). I always sit at thr bar to gamble while waiting on food and faster drinks. My bartender Geneveive gave me tips on food to order and brought my drinks right out.  Talked a little before my Nachos came. Which I thought were good, but not at all amazing. But I will need to come back and actually try a entree like i read in other reviews.  That seems to be the deciding factor.
4	A good value for higher quality food.  They get a lot of the details correct....default fresh lime in the margaritas, delicious and sophisticated sauces, very good presentations.........yes, there are a few smaller teething problems...but all minor.  A great addition to the neighborhood.
5	RALPH IS THE BEST!!!! love him-he's a great waiter...and the guacamole is BOMB.
3	Used to be an amazing franchise when it was in the Palazzo... but now, I am somewhat concerned.The ambiance felt too much like a run down, Tijuana joint... it certainly has potential, but I felt the effort was not to the luxury that the Dos Camino's name is used to.Food wise... the Guacamole was still fantastic... I had the Mahi Mahi Tacos, which were also good, but I heard conflicting reports on the Tuna Seviche.My biggest concern was the fact that although they accepted Open Table reservations, they denied using OpenTable dollars for the meal.  It is embarrassing to show up to a venue, in hopes of using your rewards to assist in the bill payment, and to be denied because "Corporate doesn't allow us to use gift cards/ OpenTable checks"... BS! Open Table is just like cash currency, they are required to use them... but instead of admitting that they don't know what they were doing, they denied me and advised that I must pay full price up front.Needless to say, I won't be returning.
3	OK, I'll fess up, I was scared to go there.I thought I would have to get over staring at "dead" Agave; my old reliable friend, poor dead Agave!  Plus, the word on the street has been none too favorable and annotated with eye-rolling and heavy sighs.  We didn't start out with it as our destination, but it did look rather cute and sparkly from the outside so we put our trepidation on hold, took a deep breath...f*ck it, I'm goin in!9:00 PM and this place was near empty.  So now it's a question if it's sad, creepy, or both, but being lazy and already there overrode that.  We checked to see if they were still serving, they were, until 10PM and we were greeted and seated promptly.  Turns out reverse HH was in progress, I feel my fear slipping away.The decor still mimics its former life, just less festive and browner.  A bit too brown and bright, but still comfy.  Cassette tape music that seems a bit out of place, but hey, I like Bob Marley and Depeche Mode.  No HH menu, but our server, Leah was quick to point out all our options and offer tips, plus she was great throughout our entire stay. We decided to just HH and started with a really tasty pitcher of fruit ladened sangria and a standard Margarita.  Chips with three salsas Queso Fundido-mexican- three cheese fondue served with warm flour tortillasAlbondigas Mexicanas-classic red chile meatballs in roasted tomato-habanero sauceBeef Picadillo Empanadas-flaky beef-filled pastry with almonds, spices, and Dos Caminos house hot sauce Everything was OK, no major taste sensations, but OK enough that I would come back and try some items off their main menu.
3	My husband and I went to Dos Caminos for our "day-after our wedding" brunch. I used to come here when it was Agave and I thoroughly enjoyed it, so I was a tiny bit apprehensive. I'm glad we decided to give it a go!I will have to leave an update for this restaurant because we didn't have THE BEST experience, but it wasn't awful either,...so just the 3 stars will have to do for now. First of all, the seating on the patio is much better than it was under previous ownership. They have more tables outside and it feels more open. I've always loved that patio, but now it is a much more comfortable feel.When our server mentioned to us that we were there for brunch so we receive a complimentary cocktail if we would like, we were all about it. We took advantage and my hubby ordered a blended margarita and I ordered a Bloody Mary. I ended up having to send the Bloody Mary back because it tasted like peppered tomato juice. They had no problem substituting it though and I replaced it with a mimosa which was delicious. The part that bothered us was that after we ordered our complimentary cocktail, we then found out from the server that our drinks were only complimentary if we ordered from the (very limited) brunch menu section. We were already half way through our drinks so we had to stick to that menu and there are really only a handful of options. Had we known this, we would have forgone the drinks and ordered from the lunch menu. We ordered the breakfast quesadilla, one without bacon for myself, and we waited about 20 minutes after we placed our order and munched on the trio of salsa's in front of us. For those who don't like spicy food - STAY AWAY FROM THE orange salsa. My husband can't handle spice and he mistakenly thought that might be a mango salsa and he was wrong. It was incredibly spicy even to me and I loooove my spicy food. We were both pleased with our meal and the portion siize of these quesadillas are enough to feed 2 people easily. I will be back mainly for the lovely patio, but I also want to give their lunch and/or dinner menu a try.
3	I stopped by yesterday and they have a sign on the door explaining they are closed. What!? They didnt even make it 3 months? I hope they are closing temporarily until they can air whatever show they filmed there, Need a good mexican place up here in that area of Summerlin.
1	Lasted a month and even with the menu redo it's officially closed... again. This location has so much potential if they could find the right management and remember that its not the strip so resort prices need not apply.
