3	I bid blind on Expedia for a 2 1/2 star hotel (well not exactly, as this was the cheapest 2 1/2 star hotel so I was pretty sure this would be it) and scored a suite deal!  Two nights under $100!  Well, the hotel is all suites anyway.I'm sure they thought they were giving me the worst possible suite: third floor, end unit, 1/4 mile from the single slow-as-m'lasses elevator, and overlooking the private school next door.  HAH!  Given a choice of any suite in the hotel, this is the one to pick.  You'll have to park out back anyway, and it's the first suite at the top of the back stairs, and quiet (at night) because school's closed and most other suites face the pool (partiers) or Colter Street (the freeway offramp) or 16th Street (a main north/south drag).Small suite (for a non-cruise ship 'suite'), but clean, newish, with a refer/freezer, two burner stove, microwave and sink plus full bath, queen bed, sofa, desk and desk chair (with busted backrest--must have been a very large guest previously).  Nice pool, not adequately heated, and nice spa, also underheated. WiFi is available at $4.99 per STAY, not per day.  Bring your own fancy soaps & shampoos, and hang up your towels, keep your room neat, and make your own bed, because it is, after all, Extended Stay DELUXE (no maid service).  Breakfast 'buffet' is coffee and bagels--that's it, no fruit, no juice.  Note to self: What IS the 'Deluxe' for?Dog friendly, and a very friendly park for dogs right behind the hotel.  Walk to excellent restaurants (including an Orange County, CA favorite, Bluewater Grille, with a heated and dog-friendly patio) around the corner on Camelback.Excellent value, could be 4-star with heated pools, a real buffet, and attention to details (like replacing broken desk chairs).
1	I booked this on hotels.com and it claimed it was a 3 star ... The room was ok with a mini kitchen with NO pots or pans nothing to cook in i bought a few groceries and the office basically told me i was out of luck soo i had to drive out to the Tuesday Mornings which is about 10 minutes away off of Northern Ave kinda far but i had already bought the groceries then realized no can opener so i had to drive back to the dollar store next door. Also the front desk workers were not accomadating at all i just wish with a Kitchen that their would have been more kitchen items that didnt include dirty dishes and no pans... Im 26 years old and i look kind of young so im sure that they treat older people better because i seen it with my own eyes how te demeanor of their attitude completely changed when it was my turn to check in... Young people stay away
3	This Extended Stay Deluxe was my home last week- $294 for 4 nights. I had a first floor room, fairly close to the lobby. My suite consisted of a bed, a large closet, bathroom (shower had great pressure), a couch, fridge/freezer, two burner stove (kitchen also had coffee pot), desk w/chair, and TV. My only gripe about the room was that there was only one trash can. SO... I took the one out of the kitchen and kept it in the bathroom.Continental breakfast was from 6:30-9:30, and included bagels, muffins, and coffee. Not much, but 5 & Diner is right across the street, and there's a Starbucks about a block up. The "gym" was two treadmills and a stair stepper. It's also the laundry room, FYI... Hotel is dog friendly, but I didn't hear barking or anything in my room. There is a pool, but I didn't get to check it out. Lots of free parking as well.
2	Pros:1. Close to freeway.2. Lots of parking3. Nicely set up room. Included: Kitchenette, Closet, Queen Bed, Couch and Desk.4. Cheap rate for a "suite".Cons:1. Room smells like smoke.2. Bedding old and poorly made.3. Bathtub is old and ugly.4. Clerk was grumpy.5. Bill due upon checkin (not at checkout as advertised).6. Carpet is old, esp in stairs.7. Couch is uncomfortable. So is bed.8. Furniture is outdated.9. Clerk didn't have change at front desk.Recommendation:Look elsewhere. If nothing else available (including motel 6) come here.
1	This place is an absolute dump! The room felt "dirty". There was a dog that yapped the entire night & morning. The bathroom sink was clogged. They overcharge during Spring Training so you feel like your being ripped off even more. They promote free wifi, but it is so slow that you are forced to pay for a bandwidth upgrade if you want to get anything done. Do yourself a favor and stay somewhere else!
4	My friend just got married at the Arizona Biltmore Spa and Resort (but rooms were $350 per night) and I wanted something affordable nearby and Extended Stay was that hotel. ESD is only about two miles from the venue and has ample amenities nearby for alll usout of towners (Eateries, Grocery Stores, etc). We got a great rate per night, but you do get what you pay for. This is absolutely a no frills hotel but in no way a dump. Many of these reviewers must be expecting the Four Seasons at this price range, but that is not how it works!! Our floor was smoking (none of us do) and did stink like a casino pit in Reno, but surprisingly the room itself didn't boast the same odor and was quite fresh and well kept. There was ample room and enough toiletries to go around those who shared the room, without needing to to run down for more stock. Paula the MOD upon our arrival was extremely professional, as was the clerk on duty. They went out of their way to help us out and were extremely informative of the surrounding area and letting us know where the local Men's Wearhouse was (we had to pick up and drop off our tuxes that were rented.). I would gladly recommend this property to those looking for a good hotel on a budget that doesn't promise anything their not!
1	This hotel is terrible!  There are 3 floors - the third being half smoking/half not, but all smell.  So I was put on the 2nd floor.  There is absolutely no sound proofing in the ceiling, so you "feel" the vibration of people walking across the room above you, and if there happens to be a family with kids put above you then even the walls shake.  The stairway carpeting is disgusting.  I am unfortunate because I am working short term here and my company stuck me here, but if you have a choice, don't do it.
1	Disgusting.  I stayed here for a month during October.  The outside looks decent.  However, when you walk in, the place is a complete mess.  The front desk is very plain and looks like the place is going out of business.  The front desk workers, except for one guy, were all blah and not helpful.  When i got to the third floor, the place reeked of cigarettes (i ordered nonsmoking), the carpet was stained, and the decor looked to be from the 80s.  My room, at first glance appeared decent.  There was a nice stove, microwave, and fridge, couch, tv, desk, and bed.  However, the smell was attrocious.  It smelled like chemical as if they were trying to cover up the smoke.  I went to the store to buy some lysol.  Just as i was about to sit down on the couch, i noticed white animal hair all over.  I went to the bathroom which appeared clean but as i went to lift the toilet seat, you could see streaks on the seat from the cleaner (no telling what else was on the seat.  When i got in bed, the comforter was torn (the bed was new however).  I was sent a review after the first week at which point i shared my thoughts about the room.  The manager emailed me back and said she would have the problems fixed but when i got home, the animal hair and smell were both still there!  My room was not cleaned weekly, rather it took me until my third week!  There is much more to discuss (all negative), but i am tired of writing already.  Bottom line is that this place is a dump.  I would not recommend this hotel to anyone.  And, it is way overpriced for the quality.  The only reason i stayed here was because i am a poor medical student and couldnt afford anything else nearby.  Oh, and then they had the audacity to offer me ONE free night as compensation and they are STILL sending me offers...i dont get it.
1	Baby Jesus where do I start. This is by far the worst hotel I have ever stayed in. Now , MOST of the staff I interacted with (maintenance) were very friendly and accommodating. I caught a cold during my stay. At 2:30 am in the morning I mustered my way down to the front desk where I was attempting to get another roll of toilet paper (there was only a 1/4 of a roll at check in) and a box of tissue. I was told that I was not able to get these items as I was not staying there for longer than 7 days. The shower backed up to my knees (I am 5'10" tall) and when draining there were long black hairs backing up through the drain. There were no garbage cans in my room, and it smelled to high heaven. Twice I witnessed an argument between the front desk manager (?) and a guest, I was a casual observer. She told both guests on both occasions to call the corporate office with their issue. I seriously could go on for hours about this , but after sharing my experience with family, friends and co workers , I no longer want to talk about it.
1	Filthy and broken down place. an embarrassing place to stay. also i am scared. i hope i make it through the night.
1	Terrible. That is one word to describe this place. Terrible service, beds, pillows, etc. Don't waste your time. Trust me. I wish I can give them 0 stars.
4	I'm a student doing a summer internship downtown so I booked this place for the 12 weeks. They offered me a great deal for the long term stay, it was discounted due to the length of my stay. I read the reviews, but still decided to book. The outside is nice looking, but then again, it looks like a hotel. The reception area wasn't spectacular, but I didn't expect much after the price I was quoted. The hallway carpet has stains, but so does the Biltmore. I was given a 2nd floor room, but requested first floor since I would be leaving early in the morning to work and staying awhile. They had no issue with having me look at a couple available first floor rooms and choose one. The rooms were impressive actually. The stove, sink, full fridge, and bathrooms were very nicely set up and in good shape. The bed isn't the most comfortable, but definitely not a deal breaker. There is a HD flat screen TV with free cable, and also free internet available. I've been here a week so far and I am very happy I stayed with this choice. The pool, although I have not been in it, looks nice and I see somebody cleaning it every morning.
2	It's like staying at a motel6 with some very few! Aspects of Hampton inn-but more like a highend motel6. The wifi is free but took us the 2nd day to figure it out. We were bored as hell that 1st nite w/o it.  Was a little seedy when we arrived seeing an old guy carrying up an 18 pack. Night staff was basic courteous. Clean room until u get in the bed. Sheets smelled like bleach/animalpiss/pineSol depending where your face landed. Bed too high and hard! Just way too firm. Cable channels sucked-no AMC, MTV, hbo.  Ordered 'roomservice' which anywhere u go is always overpriced but it's also not housed in the bldg. it's a service called orderinn 800 # that uses local eateries to fill the orders. The vendor who delivered was Streets of NY and for the prices we paid the portions were smaller than expected. Chicken wings were ok lil bland and they did not include the carrots and celery sticks promised w/ the order. Probably wouldn't have included the ranch dressing if I didn't mention it in the order. The pastrami sandwich was barely edible. Ordering wasn't pleasant either-ppl just marginally doing their job-no real customer service . Over 45 mins. getting food here. Rates not so cheap as others had-we only stayed 2 nites, not very comfortable and the day crew were slightly more friendly.  Ho-hum. Wouldn't stay here again
3	With my frequent visits to Phoenix, I am always thinking of purchasing of a home out here. I might as well since I go here too often. In the meantime, I go through third party sites and found a place to temporarily call home at Extended Stay Deluxe in Phoenix.Located on the northeast corner of 16th and Colter St, you'll find the three story hotel. I had arrived after business hours. The front door was locked and I used the outside phone. However, no one answered the call. So, I had to call another Extended Stay to get to the after-hours staff. It was scary especially since it was quiet and dark. So, I made numerous calls and finally got a member of the Extended Stay Staff to accommodate me.I was glad to find assistance and be provided service. I was given the last room of Extended Stay Deluxe. It wasn't a packed hotel, but the last room # of the place, #322. It was a nice looking suite with a kitchen, flat panel TV, and deluxe queen bed. The front desk had also mentioned that Extended Stay Deluxe provides Grab-n-Go Breakfast. Its just coffee, granola bards, muffins, and fruits. Since I was there for two days, I grabbed a lot of freebies even though I was not going to eat it. Also, free Wi-fi with provided password.This location has plenty of parking and a large pool during those hot summer months. Unfortunately, it was November and it was cold. I didn't see a lot of guest during the hallway, but I know they were there because of the amount of cars parked. However, I didn't see most of them until the Sunday when most of them were headed to wherever their destination was.This is an OK place to stay. I might come back for Spring Training for the Los Angeles Dodgers. However, I might want to see what other places can beat this place. Originally, I gave two stars, but this place does provide breakfast and is maintained much better than the other locations that I have visited.Yelp! The One Stop Place For Your Everyday Research!
1	We just checked in. The entire building smells like a mix of wet dog & cigarette smoke. The room is dirty. The toilet was clogged upon arrival. The maintenance guy didn't clean up the spill on the floor after unclogging the John. The beds are very uncomfortable. Yuck!
