5	I am always on the look out for good Thai food, and this place just opened, so I gave it a try.  I was skeptical, due to it being so new, but it turned out to be amongst the areas best, most authentic Thai restaurants.Just one word of caution - order "mild", because they don't hold back if you say spicy!
5	Love their PAD THAI!!! Can't wait to try the other items...
5	I am always on the look out for good Thai food and Ploy Thai is my new favorite. The food tastes just like the food does in Thailand. As we ate our meal, my dining companions and I kept repeating, "This is delicious!"  Give this gem a try.
5	Ploy Thai is fabulous. The food is wonderful and the service is really great! The owner is so kind and attentive. I highly recommend ploy Thai!
3	I really really really want to like this place. It's convenient and the food is super tasty. I just wish we had gotten what we ordered. Here's what we ordered: Curry NOODLES with Chicken and Spicy Noodles with Tofu. What we got: Regular yellow Curry dish with TOFU and Spicy Noodles with CHICKEN. I picked the tofu out of my Fiance's curry and he reluctantly ate the rice instead of the noodles he ordered. Like I said, it tasted great but you like to get what you ordered! We'll definitely try it again though.
2	Well.... Another Thai place that I won't go to again.  They have the same prices almost as most Thai spots.  So no positives or negatives because of that.  I had ordered the panang curry kind of knowing that the consistency of the curry wouldn't be the way I like it (which is actually the wrong way)  and the chicken Pad Thai. The chicken Pad Thai tasted really weird to my boyfriend and I.  As far as the taste of the panang curry, it was okay nothing stellar.  Oh and there was no chicken in it maybe like 3 slivers.  And plenty of onions and green and red peppers. Gotta love when places totally jip you on the protein.  Might as well order tofu since they probably wouldn't skimp on that.  Such a disappointment.
3	My expectations may be too high...let's start off with the positives.  Big parking lot, modern decor and very spacious.  Great service for having only one person running the front of the house.   We ordered chicken red curry, papaya salad, BBQ chicken, pad thai and a side order of sweet rice.Sweet rice - soggy and over cooked.  It came in a plastic sandwich bag.BBQ chicken - it was served with a side of the sweet chili sauce...bottled chili sauce.  The chicken is a piece of chicken breast marinated in what seemed like dried curry rub.  It was not BBQ nor did it taste like BBQ. It tasted pan fried.  Overall, I did not like it.Papaya salad - a bit too salty without the lime flavor.  Tiny bits of dried peanuts mixed throughout the salad....wasn't authentic, very Americanized.Chicken red curry - loved the bamboo shoots and normal curried vegetables in the dish however the curry sauce lacked flavor.  It was very bland and no taste...it could've used a dash of fish sauce.  Overall, it was ok.Pad thai - I was over it prior to making my way towards this dish.  My kids absolutely LOVED it!  That says it all as my kids are very picky eaters with a sophisticated palette.Would I return? Likely not and still in search for authentic Thai cuisine in AZ!
5	YUMMY!!!! Loved the place :) We ordered the Basil Eggplant w/beef and the Pad See Ew w/chicken both very  DELICIOUS cooked to perfection with fresh veggies. The Pad See Ew was the best we have ever had :) definitely a returning customer :) The owner was very nice and attentive to our needs. What I liked the most was that the food was not overly salted.
5	Always love coming to ploy Thai. Such good food and a good value. The service is amazing! Will be back again.
4	So I saw a couple of new signs on the side of the road on my usual route and decided to stop in real quick for lunch takeout. No customers were there and the lady (maybe she was the owner) was happy and welcoming. I ordered and she asked if I would like my salad while I waited as they do not package it to-go. I accepted and it was simple, fresh & had a delish peanut dressing I wanted to lick off the plate... We shared a quick chat. The place is very nice. Clean & modern, a bit dark due to the black walls and ceiling but they have white paper balloons hanging like little moons all over the sky. Nice tables with fresh flowers sitting on them. I will def be coming back to sit down and eat with my boyfriend.The food, which I got to-go, was yummy but a bit spicy and I LOVE spicy!!! I usually get medium to hot but stay away from thai hot. I asked for medium and it was "a drink of water between each bite" spicy! Next time I guess I'll try mild. I ordered the Gapow. Very good but I would have liked more basil flavor, it was very light. The bell peppers & everything were cut to a perfect bite size.  I liked that cause then every bite could have a bit of ALL the goodness rather than a single mouthful of bell pepper or onion or protein at a time. The chicken was tender and not dry at all. I really liked it and I will go back!
5	We had recently dined here for a celebration for my mother in law.   The interior was clean and modern.  We were sat promptly and greeted.   We decided to order Panang Chicken, Pad Se Ewe Beef, Pad Thai. and Pad Prik King.  Our food was fantastic and all the dishes where on Point.   The only reason i could think of why this place wasn't busier was that people must not know that it is here.  We all really enjoyed our food and service.  We will return.  The menu was quite affordable which was a plus.  We got the check and had to make sure they didn't forget to charge us for something.   TRY THIS PLACE OUT!! IT'S WORTH IT!!
4	No complaints here! I got the panag pork and it was tasty. The meat was tender, the rice was good and I love the crunch I got once in a while from the peanut pieces.  The curry could have had a thicker consistency, but it was still good!
5	I've been using yelp for years, but finally had to write my review because of how shocked I was that this place was not more busy.  I was introduced to Thai Ploy about a month ago, and I've been back once a week since.  I've yet to find a dish there that I don't like (including tasting my friends'), but I especially like the Massaman Curry and Pad Thai.  This has become my favorite Thai place in AZ, and I drive past several others to get there.  Check it out and you won't be disappointed!
5	Came back again recently - still good thai food, still on the spicy side, still not many customers - gotta be because the center its in is fairly vacant.
5	Yum yum yum! I grabbed some take out from here tonight and was very pleased. I got an order of yellow curry and red curry and the food was piping hot and the portion sizes were HUGE!! One of the orders fed me and my husband and we can't wait to dig into the next one tomorrow. The sauces are smooth and creamy and the veggies are not soggy or mushy at all. Great place!
5	Just ordered take out and I have to say the price is low and portions are generous and best of al, the food tastes awesome!  I have tried many Thai restaurants and my favorite is Tom Yum and Red or Green Curry.  It's rare I find places that get the Tom Yum right and some places the vegetables in the curry doesn't taste fresh.  I have to say I love the Tom Yum here!  Truly amazing!  Perfect amount of sour and spices.  The curry I ordered this time was, can't spell or pronounce the name but it had peanut sauce in it too and boy was it yummy.   I highly recommend this place.  I give this place my two thumbs up!
5	Loved the Pad Thai and service.   Picked up a to go menu so we could try something different next time.
5	Really solid thai food. If you like thai and you don't try this you're missing out. Best in Chandler I've had!
5	Got to see them participate in the Scottsdale Spice Event and they had again some authentic artfully crafted dishes!  It reminded me of how much I really enjoyed Thai food!  That following day it compelled me to have dinner with my Husband and order some Tom Kha Gai( coconut chicken soup). Omg ridiculously good!  We also got some extra spicy Panang Chicken.  We love this place and tell everyone about it.  Quality of food is amazing and prices for most dishes hovers around 10$. For 1st timers get the Pad Thai Noodles they are amazeballs!
2	Saturday night. 6:30 p.m., party of 5.Out of chicken satay!Out of shrimp!The rest of the food was hit or miss.I ordered tom kha gai (coconut milk soup with chicken, mushrooms, green onion, and galang) and it was one of the best I've ever had. Depth of flavor, a hint of heat, and incredibly fresh. I also had the pad woonsen (chicken and veggies with thin soybean noodles in a light soy sauce). It was completely tasteless.The other diners at my table seemed to have the same inconsistencies. Some items were great - others barely edible.Service was equally inconsistent. Plates were, for the most part, brought out one at a time. At times, as long as 10 minutes went between the arrival of dishes.The company was fantastic - we stayed until close and had great conversation. After about 7, we were the only customers there at all.A few tweaks in the pacing of the kitchen, maybe some music in the dining room, and consistency in the food could make this a great little neighborhood spot.I hope they can last long enough to make those tweaks and get customers in the door!
5	I'm a huge fan of Thai food, and Ploy Thai is on my shortlist of thai restaurants I eat on a pretty regular basis. Their portions are HUGE, among the largest of any other thai place in the area, and their prices are very reasonable. Even their Thai tea is the largest of anywhere I frequent! The delivery minimum is also only $10 (compared to the usual $20), so it's a great place to order from when you're eating solo. And if you love red curry...Ploy Thai's is among the best!
