4	Good pizza and it was ready in 20 minutes, as promised. I ordered via phone, so not sure how well they take online orders. I didn't use a coupon, although I wish I had one. It cost me $23 for 2 large 1-topping pizzas.Pizza was good, as always. This location is recommended.Note: It's in the Target shopping center.
4	Their online ordering system is extremely easy. I see advertisements at these Holnwon pizza places for eight dollars and nine dollar large pizzas we can't really go wrong if the pizza hut pizza is $5.55. The food was ready by time I got there as promised.  The old lady at the cash register was really nice. And I feed my family for under 10 bucks and look like a champ while doing it.
5	I decided to order Blake 's smokehouse BBQ pizza. Because I wanted to try it.   So I waited 15 minutes. And I'm glad I ordered it,  the pizza was so good.   I love how the BBQ sauce melts with the cheesy pizza. I would definitely come back.
3	The pizza was decent and was ready at the promised time, but I was not satisfied with the fact that they did not provide us with paper plates or utensils. If I was eating at home or if they were delivering to my home, it would not have been a big deal. However, if I am ordering 2 large pizzas for carry-out, please have some paper plates and utensils on hand. They gave us approximately 15 napkins... Other than that, the pizza was satisfactory (although I do prefer other pizza places) & didn't make anyone sick, so that's a positive. I'm not going to say that I wouldn't go here again because of the paper plate issue, but if I am ordering pizza on the whim to eat at the park, I would not choose this place.
3	I don't know how this location stays open- I live two blocks away and had no idea it was here since it's in the very back of an otherwise-deserted plaza. I thought it was closed until I accidentally ordered from them online.Why go to Pizza Hut when there are so many awesome local pizzerias? Good question. The answer is portion control. Those little personal pan pizzas are $4 and one of the only ways to get my pepperoni pizza fix without eating enough pizza for a small family and hating myself later.But the quality is lacking. Picked up my pizza right as it came out of the oven and it seemed undercooked. Wing prices are good (8 bone in for under $5) but sauces are lackluster and meat to bone ratio is low.
1	Terrible service I called at 455pm for my order I showed up at 5:25pm and my order still wasnt ready they told me it was going to take 10 minutes on the phone..I asked why they told me 10 min and the guy gave me an attitude that it's the busiest time because it's Halloween...really? What a liar
3	We r getting pizza tonight carry out of course. 1 pizza 2 orders of wings and a side of bread sticks. This place is a carry out only and they r pretty fast. The people working in here r pretty nice. I placed my order on line and now there is a count down on the computer telling how long ur order will be we left like 45seconds BC we r really close to this pizza hut and by the time I got here my order was not ready. It was ready.
