1	And so....the search for a new hair salon continues. Sigh. Don't get me wrong, the cut was a good cut. The salon itself was clean and stylish. The owner, welcoming and friendly. Now what went wrong. The cut was good, but it certainly wasn't what I expected from a salon with the reputation of Izzazu. I wasn't bowled over by my stylist's professionalism either. Don't diss my previous stylist....she rocked....you don't do yourself any favors by knocking someone else.  (And come on, I was WAAAYYYY overdue for a cut since I've been driving to Cleveland for a style.)  That being said, for $55 (and saving big bucks on gas, tolls, lunch and shopping) the cut was still a deal. But, when I started to sign the charge slip, it said $65, not $55. "But," I said, "the website said it was $55 for a Master stylist." "Oh," the chick at the counter said, "that's for Men's cuts." Silly me. So when I got back to the office, I went online and checked. Nope, it said $55 for a Master Stylist WOMEN's haircut. Hmmmmm. So I called. The chick at the counter now said, "Oh, our stylist's charge whatever they feel the cut SHOULD be." What?????? So I quoted the prices to her from the Izzazu website. She changed her tune again. "Oh, well.....I'll refund you $10 if you give me your credit card number." Didn't she have my slip with the card number? "Sorry, I don't give my credit card number over the phone." "Or I can send you a gift certificate." "Nope," I said through clenched teeth, "I won't be coming back."It wasn't the cut. It was the bait and switch. I'd gladly have paid it had they been up front and above-board ahead of time. As Judge Judy says, "Don't pee on my leg and tell me it's raining." The search goes on. Or I'll be back in Cleveland in the spring for the next cut!P. S.  One amusing side note:  I checked in at Izzazu when I arrived.  Turns out, I'm the Duchess!  The Duchess is displeased.
3	Okay.  Here's an update to my original experience.  I have to say that Emilio, the owner of Izzazu is the consumate professional when it comes to customer service and follow up.  After my first appointment - at that time to be my last appointment - he doggedly tried to contact me to make the first appointment right.  Emilio and I had quite a lengthly and productive conversation.  He cares very much about making the customer happy AND correcting the situation that was unsatisfactory.  I did go back and was very pleased with my cut once again.  Because Marshall was running late (20 minutes and counting) Caesar cut my hair this time.  Another great cut!Again, however, the desk needs training in customer service.  After a 20 minute wait, the receptionist still hadn't notified Marshall that I was there.   A downtown salon depends on clients who are on their lunch hours for the most part.  Next appointment I'll call ahead to see how they're running before heading to the salon and waiting.Emilio IS working on the front desk situation.  In the meantime, I'll continue to go for the wonderful cut!
2	I am a jack of all trades and a do it yourself-er at heart. While in college I worked as a promotional photographer for my very dear friends salon. As a barter service she always did my hair for free! !0 years I had this deal going on. As you can imagine I was pretty spoiled and didn't want to start paying to get my hair did. I began coloring it myself. Now as a licensed skin care specialist you pick things up from the cosmetologists working with you.I killed it, fried it and melted it. My hair was in dire straights! I have dark hair but I love being a red head. Marcia Cross red to be exact. Whoops! Lightening that many levels should not ever be done by a novice. What can I say?  I'm stubborn that way, and think I can do it all! I reached out to Emilio for help! I have to say that after many hours of laying down color he managed to make my hair healthy again and I left feeling like a movie star. A red headed movie star! I was flipping my hair all the way to the parking garage and even did a photo-shoot later that evening. Yes I did a photo-shoot because I needed a professional head shot for my work portfolio.I don't know if I'm being too harsh but my hair did turn out much darker than I had wanted it to be. I know sometimes it is hard to predict the outcome when mixing chemistries. The other problem I had was the price tag, or the surprise when I went to pay. $250.00 for a color correction! I know this is normal sometimes when fixing the damage but it is also crucial to give your client some kind of idea on payment. I had gone in for color estimated at around $70. I think they did a decent job but for that money It should have been closer to what I asked for. Needless to say I haven't been back but would recommend in a jam.
5	I have been to the downtown Izzazu location several times (I have not yet had the chance to check out their new digs, however) and have always left really pleased.I have used their waxing and haircut services and have had no complaints.  In both areas, the girls I worked with took the time to listen to me before beginning work and I ended up with exactly what I was looking for.  I always got compliments on my hair after getting it cut.  As for price - their stylists are tiered and have different price scales.  I asked while on the phone making my appointment and had no surprises.  After trying many salons that didn't make the cut (yay puns!) and ending up with bangs, mullets, and other horrible cuts, I am sticking with Izzazu.
1	Sadly, the professionalism of the front desk never got better.  Despite Emilio's assurances that changes were being made, my latest visit proved otherwise.  I called ahead and was assured that Marshall was on time...in fact, he didn't have an appointment ahead of mine and could take me as soon as I got there.  I was there a few minutes before my appointment.  I waited.  And waited.  Fifteen minutes later, I asked if Marshall knew I was waiting.  I was told by the brunette that they had been busy.  Odd, she, the blonde and two other employees had been standing there talking for a while.  She went back to notify Marshall.  When Marshall came up front to get me, the brunette admonished him that he should keep an eye out for his clients - she shouldn't have to notify him that his appointment is there.  Wow.  And the purpose of a receptionist is....what?  I'm done.  I'm out.  Apparently nothing will help Izzazu's but getting rid of the front desk staff.  On a positive note, it was another great cut.  Not good enough to lure me back, though.
2	I recently had semi-permanent lashes put on for my wedding at the WEXFORD Izzazu salon. Upon completion, I thought they looked a bit odd, but figured I just wasn't used to them yet. The next day was my wedding day, and my bridesmaids and I got our hair and makeup done at the downtown Izzazu salon. The makeup artist (who was great) said they looked terrible (which they did- they were uneven and there was white glue all over them) and had to remove them and reapply. They are supposed to last 2 weeks, so removing them the next morning was very unpleasant and I ended up losing a ton of my real lashes when everything was said and done. This added 1 hour+ onto my appointment and I ended up barely having any time for pictures before my wedding. I would steer clear of Izzazu for semi permanent lashes!
1	Awful facial with lulu. Used a groupon and thought it may be why she was so terribly unattentive, but realized she had no idea what I was paying with. Basically I got the 'steam machine' blowing on my face for 40 min!  Would give negative stars if I could.
4	I've been going to Izzazu for a very long time, almost 7 years now. I have ALWAYS gone to Cesare and will never stray from him! The first time I went into him, I was 18 years old and had some crazy red, blond and black hair. He really helped me go back to my natural color without damaging my hair (even with color stripping!) He always knows exactly what I want, but isn't afraid to give me suggestions to liven up my look. He literally does the best color and cut in the city. And believe me, I've done some crazy stuff with my hair with a lot of hair dressers. The atmosphere is very hip/chic and makes me feel like a celebrity when I go there!Also, I LOVE their product line. I still only use Izzazu leave-in conditioner, hairspray and dry shampoo, even while spending over half of my year away from Pittsburgh at school.The loss of one star goes to the attitude at reception. I understand it has compelled people to give them 1 star, but it IS a salon, meant for cosmetic services. You aren't going there for the reception. But, It wouldn't hurt them to smile or be a little less brash.
4	In sum the service was great, both at the reception area and with the stylist. I was extremely please with the low-lights I requested as well as the hair cut and style. Let alone, the numerous compliments I received from others about my cut, color, and style.I was admittedly skeptical of buying the Groupon I used yesterday [$65.00 off salon services], given the location that was closest to me was downtown. The address Yelp has listed is their old address. They are now located at 301 5th Ave and have been since October of 2010. My apprehension was due to the downtown location. Not so much parking per se, but loathing a pretentious salon atmosphere. Pittsburgh salons never seem to lack pretension and not surprisingly if you have read my other reviews pretension is something I could not abhor more. Nevertheless, the reception staff and my stylist were very courteous and service oriented. Thankfully, hoity-toity is not a word I could use to describe either of them.As I have never been to an Izzazu salon before, nor have I asked my friends if they have either, I did not know which stylist to request. When I made my appointment I asked the woman, "who would YOU want to color and cut YOUR hair?" I was told Frank is an excellent stylist and had availability for the time I requested. Frank was knowledgeable, personable, and kind. He was meticulous and diligent about the low-light placements as well as making sure I have the proper amount of them. Too often, especially when using Groupons stylists hurry through placement and provide them sparsely. But this stylist did not forget the point of businesses choosing to provide Groupons. Provide excellent service, and those new customers will return! I've read one or two other reviews that commented on dirty bowls and a lack of sanitation. Perhaps I am not retentive enough to write a thorough review. I am not here to nit-pick businesses. Not to say that I did notice my color bowl, it resembled a normal color bowl not dirty or offensive by any means. Perhaps in the past they possessed such bowls and learned the errors of their ways. Or perhaps some people can never be pleased. All I can say, I was not worried about any sanitation concerns.I highly recommend visiting this salon and requesting Frank. Nuff said.
1	I had an appointment that was made 2 months in advance and when I turned up they told me that the person I had the appointment with quit 6 weeks ago and they didn't have anyone available to take me. They made no attempt to reschedule me with someone else or call me to cancel. To make things worse, the battleax at the front desk had such an attitude. Here's a tip, when you are in the beauty salon business, staff the front desk with someone who looks like they have actually BEEN to a salon. Not with rude women that have hairdos from 20 years ago. Will never go back.
1	Emailed and called several times to get a pricing on having several services done at once as a graduation present to myself. I was put on hold twice and never picked back up. Emails went unanswered.  :(I was going to have SO MUCH done, too!! Hair cut, color with highlights, spa manicure/pedicure and an hour massage! All as a graduation present to myself but if they can't be attentive to prospective customers then I can't imagine that they'd be attentive in the store. I'll spend my money elsewhere!
1	A
5	Rhiannon performs amazing feats on my fine hair and is able to accommodate to any style/cut/color I throw at her - but not without making sure it's what I really want. She explains how a cut could work or not work for your face type/lifestyle, etc. and really takes the time to listen. She's both professional and personable and I wouldn't want anyone else to fix my hair woes but her!
1	Unbelievable experience! Literally unbelievable. I waited 50 minutes and finally walked out. Receptionists were beyond awful. I booked 3 style appointments in advance for a wedding. One person was taken right away, 20 minutes later the second person was taken.  I WAITED 50 MINUTES while being ignored by the receptionists.  I can celled because the others were almost done and we would be running late. My stylist finally came out and said he'd quickly do my hair. What !! I'm not paying $100 to get rushed service. We were looking forward to a relaxing, fun experience. More unbelievable, I waited 20 minutes to pay for the two services. One receptionist couldn't take transactions and another was occupied with a wedding party.  I was so close to walking out and not paying. Unfortunately the two stylists didn't get a tip through no fault of their own. I can't give an unbiased opinion of their work as I am still furious in the way I was treated.  I would expect some ambiance at $100 for shampoo & style. I could never recommend Izzazu. Denham & Company is on Market Square, their rates are reasonable and within walking distance of the Fairmont. I am calling the concierge tomorrow informing her of my experience.
5	I've been going to Meg F. for two years and I've loved every cut she's ever given me. She listens to what I want but also always talks to me about how my hair type will respond to certain styles. I have difficult thick wavy hair and she does a great job managing my hair and teaching me tricks on how to style at home. Plus, she's very nice and always in a great mood so I really enjoy my time there. Izzazu has a beautiful new location, right downtown next to the Capital Grille. Parking is super easy, too. If you tell the people at the garage on Oliver Street you have an appointment there are reserved spots and you can just take the elevator right up to the salon. Great for bridal parties, too they have a gorgeous place for groups called the Serata. It's a formal styling suite for groups and private parties, really unique!
5	Val is the best at the downtown location. I have had horrible mess-ups from other salons and she is able to fix them immediately. I will never go to anybody else. She listens to what I want and is able to perform...
5	Friendly - exceptional talent - multiple services - top notch - check it out at least once.
