4	I'm already a fan of Crazy Mocha, being so lucky to have one right here in my neighborhood. Once I realized that there was one not just on the bus route on my morning commute, but lucky Nix, within walking distance!!! BONUS! (This also means I now have a new morning addiction/routine that involves buying iced coffees and baked goods first thing in the morning. Oh my hips...)I'm not sure of the age of this place but it looks pristine, brand new, shimmering even. Always clean and the coffee smell just wafts out when you open the front door. I love me a good wafting...I only go Monday through Friday at 7:30AM which means I see one employee and he is lovely. Very friendly, frighteningly efficient, and never ever (not even once) has he seemed like helping anyone is a problem. This is a big deal to me because more often than not I find baristas tend to be off putting and dismissive, which is a shame because coffee shops are some of my favorite places. That's a rant for a blog, back to the store at hand.Whether it's iced coffee or a hot carmel latte the drink is always great. I usually get an extra shot as this drink has to last me all day. I'm never disappointed, in case you were wondering.
3	I give it three stars because their coffee was very indifferent to me and I think I should try their coffee twice before judging it. I will say the hours are bad for a coffee house, because they're only open until 7. I will definitely say there are better coffee places to go to then this.
4	Me and this Crazy Mocha location are cool.  You know why?  Because the employees are actually super nice here!  I've been to various other locations and they can be a bit... how do I put this... not so happy to be there. Happy barista's make me happy!I actually tried a scone today and it as awesome!  Just like I like them: moist, soft and packed with raspberries!  I've always been tempted to get their tasty looking treats, but never did.  This is probably a bad thing that I finally gave in, because it will be a lot harder to resist now that I know they're so good!  I also enjoy a good Italian Soda.  I remember back in the day when they weren't as common in coffee shops.  I'm happy they've made a "come back."  Especially for a cool summer treat for someone who isn't that into coffee itself.  I know, former barista that doesn't like coffee... I'm a weirdo!  Best part, free wifi!!!
5	I waited here and borrowed their WiFi while my wife was up the street at AGH. Very clean. Very chill. Great service. Not too full or busy, but bustling. Great place to people watch as it's on a corner with big glass windows on both sides and is across the street from a popular park. Parking isn't as bad as most places in Pittsburgh and most coffee shops anywhere. I always appreciate a coffee shop with regular brewed coffee that is decent but cheap. This place had just about everything I could ask for.
2	I'm not super stoked to write this review, because I generally like all of the other Crazy Mocha locations in Pittsburgh. I was house sitting for a coworker over in the Mexican War Streets and I stopped in a few times here for coffee and work. I have to say that the quality of the coffee and goodies are on par with other locations; however, all three times I was there I didn't really feel safe. The location of this branch is right on North Ave. on a sometimes-not-so-good street on the North Side, and people tend to come in and become bothersome. A fight almost broke out one of the times I was there between patrons. The baristas seemed to be able to handle any craziness that could ensue, and there are signs posted about certain rules (i.e., getting the keys for the bathroom, etc.).  One of them said something along the lines of, "If you stay in the bathroom for more than 5 minutes, the cops can be called."  That's probably an exaggeration, but it didn't give me a very good feeling reading that when I went to pee  : /  Maybe I'm just jaded by the goodness of the East End, but this place wasn't my cup of coffee (I had to write it), particularly after dark.
4	Ive been going to this crazy mocha for about 3 years. The best part about this crazy mocha is the service. The product itself is ok, I can get a better cup of coffee at *gasp* starbucks. But the prices are excellent. I spent many hours here when I was in school studying and they never had an issue with me taking up a table. The building is a nice old building with really nice natural lighting. The location is convenient.The baristas are wonderful. Very friendly and polite. However, because of its location down the street from the mission, a lot of homeless people come here, especially in the winter and there are a few that are a little mentally ill. The staff do their best to handle them appropriately, but it's a little much at times.
