5	The only ice skating rink in Vegas!  If they didn't have this, my sanity from the summer heat would have been lost a long time ago.
3	Ok, for those of you adventurous enough to travel away from the touristy parts of Las Vegas... here is a place where the locals go.   Where else can you find $5 pai gow poker and black jack?   It's small, it's older but you can gamble for a long time on the cheap here.   They have improved the air handling system, but when you leave you will still smell like smoke.   Go there and have some good cheap fun.
2	This was my first-ever meal in Vegas. We went there for the $3.99 Prime Rib; we stayed for the herd of walkers and oxygen strollers stampeding to the bingo hall. Trapped might be more like it, I guess. It felt safer to stay in the cafe area up and out of their way. Aside from one lonely-looking Ferrari, the parking lot seemed oddly stuffed full of out-of-state tour buses with festive signs such as "Fairhaven Senior Home Casino Trek 2001" or some such. Scary.Anyhow, don't go. Really. And don't ask how rare their prime rib is. I ended up ordering two just to zero in on it. (Answer: it isn't ever.) Similar efforts to determine the difference between spicy shrimp fajitas ($5.99 each) and non-spicy shrimp fajitas were equally unrewarding.
3	Ok so there's no more skating rink....but there's a new movie theatre, new buffet, new Salt Lick BBQ opening up. Yea things are looking up to Santa Fe. I used to not like this place but business has been picking up - It's on the far northwest part of town. Dealers are a lil burnt out - but hey it's not bad. Yea the 5 dollar bj and craps are cool. But it's a Stations. Stations Casinos have a great player's club program. I like stations. It works when you're on that side of town and don't want to drive all the way to the strip. The rooms are redone, and the restaurants are a lot better than it was. Great locals place away from all the tourists!
1	OK, maybe its just me.  Or perhaps its just the way things are in Vegas.  This place sucked from Jump Street.  I realize Vegas is all about taking your money and making you feel good about it, but I expect, and so should you all, some value for the money I am laying down on the table - no, not the Black Jack table or any other such devise where I really don't expect anything, save the idea of becoming rich very quickly.  If I am laying down sixty to one hundred and eighty dollars a night for a room, I EXPECT quality service.Issues: As you drive up, the appearance is you can ONLY valet park. (not so).  Even though there valet service is "Free" you pay in time waiting and tipping.  I prefer options.  There is no 10 minute check in area.  I parked way down the way in order to go in, check in, and then move may car, to be told, by the receptionist that my car was "blocking" the valet area.  It was not but if I was observed parking in an area I was not allowed to, why not stop me before I walk a mile to enter the hotel?Second, the hotel charges $5.00/day for incidentals, like making local phone call less than 30 minutes duration, "priority" queuing for the buffet line. Local faxing documents, and other business type things.  Excuse me, who is faxing documents and who is making local phone calls.??  This charge was not a option.Third, My room key card locked me out twice, in the span of 10 minutes, leaving me in the hallway with luggage.  I could go on, but this would serve no useful purpose.  I had to call, twice and wait for security to come with a new card.   Bottom line, don't except poor serve just because you are in a place people want to be.  Service is everything.  That's what America is about.  Don't sale yourselves short on that rule.  I will never go back to the Santa Fe Station.  I'd sooner stay in a Motel six.(I'd give ZERO stars, but that is not an option in "Yelp."JB
4	I won playing Blackjack. I won playing Poker. I won playing Keno. I even won playing Penny Slots. The Grand Buffet tastes great when your wallet is as fat as mine got here.  Had I lost money this place would get one star. Just so you know what  the Casino itself is like. I just cant bring myself to do a shit review for a place that made me a months salary in less than 6 hours.
4	Our last day in Vegas and we decided to skip the Strip, stick close to my parents' condo and go to Santa Fe for food and bowling before our flight back to San Francisco. I was pleasantly surprised! The Sunday morning brunch buffet was actually quite good! There was an omelet bar and donut station. Fresh fruit and other brunch goodies. All nice and clean and new. I believe it was $16.99 per person. And bowling! Black light bowling! They had at least 2 dozen lanes. Nice new bowling shoes. One round of bowling for 4 people, less than 30 bucks! Not bad! There's also a theater in here and I guess an ice skating rink too!
5	i come here every time i go to Vegas because i know my chances winning here are far better than winning on the strip! they have 24hour bowling, movie theater, fat burger, and wing stop! you can't ask for anything more... I heard it's owned by UFC!
3	Went for the 9.99 lunch buffet (player's card holder price) and got about what I expected for the price.I'm a seafood lover, and there isn't much of a seafood selection. It didn't help that the shrimp was so well-hidden; I didn't realize they had shrimp until I was ready for dessert, since the cocktail shrimp is inconveniently-placed next to the fruit. Overall selection is limited as well.Taking into account price, quality, and selection, I'd go back again if I happen to be in the area.
4	I can't comment on lodging or food because all I did there was gamble....race and sports book is very nice...almost exactly like GVR....tellers were for the most part nice....got 2 drink coupons for betting $50 on sports....won some on poker machine and betting sports...just off 15 on NW side of town about 15 min from downtown..easy to get in and out
2	OK -- so this trip to Vegas was less "coke and strippers" and more "family bowling and sharing a hotel room with your mother." Honestly, I had a good time playing $5 blackjack and bowling with my family (their lanes are great and priced very well). I hated Bingo but I'm pretty sure that's the game Bingo's fault, not the casino. What was the casino's fault, though, is the smell of old people and murdered hookers that permeates every room. If you are brave enough to breath in deeply, you can also smell the smoke of burned social security checks and bottomless despair. But I recommend against deep breathing (or thinking) in Vegas.The hotel rooms are awful and the hotel management is lousy. The casino is fine if you aren't looking for classy. The dealers are cool, as were the pit bosses. The "revolution" bar looked lame but had some pretty good drink specials advertised.Bottom line: we stayed here because it was close to friends we were visiting and not for a social visit. Gambling here and spending time is fine, but don't stay here if you can avoid/afford it.
3	Nice place to play.  They comp well.  A few miles from the strip.
2	When I first arrived to Santa Fe Station, North of the city of Las Vegas, there was a very large valet parking area right in front of the hotel. After schlepping my bags through the entire casino from the self parking garage, you need to valet your car if you're staying at the hotel. The casino looks very modern along with the restaurants and buffet. However, the restaurants closer to the hotel part of Santa Fe look somewhat older, except for the Starbucks, which was probably added during the casino renovation. The nightclub venue, which at the time of this review is called Revolver, is a country styled dance saloon. They do play modern music, Rock, rap and R&B, which is good for variety.I stayed on a Thursday night on the fourth floor. Before going out to the club that night, I went to my room to store my luggage and I had seen a cash register near the elevator. This seemed curious, but I didn't think anything of it, that was a mistake. After returning from Revolver at 2 am, the register was a small part of an entire party that was happening on the fourth floor. Apparently, that register is there to sell drinks to people who visit the fourth floor. The entire floor was turned into party central. After about 4:30 am, I had to go to sleep and the music was still very loud, even through the walls from the other rooms. I did see security walk past my room at one point, but they did nothing about the volume level. The bathroom inside of the room is a little deceiving. The sink fixtures and granite counter top area is nice, but everything else is what you would typically find at any 2 1/2 to 3 star hotel. The toilet was smaller than the average track home install and the tub had nice tiles, but was super slippery, which might be an issue unique to the room. The main door to the room didn't have a secondary lock, which I felt was necessary. The TV's are still the older tube model and the TV stand wasn't level, so the doors kept swinging shut, kinda annoying. The beds were comfortable and better than most hotels, which makes up for a lot.There is WiFi in the room but it is not free. There is no WiFi at the Starbucks. The AT&T and T-Mobile cellular signal was excellent at full 3G bars for each, even inside of the room and nightclub venue.Overall, because of the beds and since I had a good time at Revolver, this might be a good place to stay, if you want to party all night long. If you're just at the location to gamble, the only other place this nice is probably Red Rock Station in Summerlin. The nightclub entry and hotel stay were complimentary and in no way were in trade for a review.
3	This review is for the buffet.I took my wife and teenage son for the Friday night seafood buffet.  The food was good, especially the crab legs that were moist and fresh.  The problem is that Santa Fe has laid off too many employees.  The waiter did the best he could, but our plates and drinks were only filled one time.  The cocktail sauce in front of the shrimp station was empty.  Deserts were not replaced.So on the food alone: 4 stars, but because of the skeleton crew, 3 stars.
4	I haven't stayed at the hotel but we like to come here for Sushi Avenue and gambling, $5 tables are a dime a dozen. It's a Stations Casino so it's pretty much the same setup and service that you would expect at any of their locations, except, this location is a little older and so is the clientele no big deal to me, but it may be for you. The only thing that I'd warn anyone who has never paid a visit to this location is that, the surrounding area is just a tad sketchy. The Casino is fine, I haven't heard anything about that but I wouldn't recommend walking around the outskirts alone... And there is an adult store across the way for you loosey gooseys.
3	Walked into Santa Fe Station a couple of nights ago to grab a late-night meal at Coco's after a fun couple of hours on the strip. Santa Fe Station isn't a frequent of mine being my house is so far south of town. However, I've always heard of the good additions to the location since my last visit. Overall, walking in you can tell this location has a few years on it based on smoke, wall paper, paint, machines, and overall decor. As most renovated properties it has some redeeming qualities and is loaded with new equipment and restaurants in most areas. I found walking around to be well laid-out and easy to navigate. I look forward to returning sooner then my last vist took me.
4	+ friendly service+ comfy beds+ conveniently located off freeway+ numerous food spots in hotel ( Johnny Rockets, Fat Burger, a pizza spot, a Mexican spot, Panda Express, Starbucks )+ bowling alley+ movie theater+ kids quest - hard towels- no flat screen- $10 hotel fee
3	Nothing special. Not bad. Not great. They tell you up-front what all the charges are going to be, so no one should be surprised by the 'amenities' fee (except I think it's gone up from what they've posted on their reservation sight). So my $28/night room was actually $47/night with hotel tax, etc.  My room was OK, there were no vents in the bathroom so it fogged up when I showered, and when you call the front desk you get a busy signal (!), and if you're a non-smoker, ALL casinos in Nevada will disgust you with their stink. But other than that, this hotel was OK. Just OK.
4	We enjoy visiting the Santa Fe from time to time.  It's near our neighborhood so it's convenient for us when we want a night out.  Here's a highlight of some of our favorite places:- The Charcoal Room.  It's their high end dining option.  It's not really "high end", but it's their most expensive restaurant.  The food is very good and is not nearly as expensive as Strip high-end dining.- Cabo Mexican Restaurant.  Decent Mexican food.  Their Nachos are really good....the rest of the dishes are ok.- 4949 Lounge.  Love this lounge....it's in the middle of the casino.  Friendly bartenders and waitresses.  Great place to hangout with friends or have a business meeting.The property is always clean and there's plenty of parking.....two big deals for me.  Overall, it's a fun locals casino....definitely worth checking out.Return Factor - 80%
3	Review is for casino and slot club only:I went to the Santa Fe to join friends for dinner.  The property is quite nice.  As it expanded, it tended to spread out, but there are different parking areas that make access to one section or another quite easy.I stopped at the slot club to buy a ticket for a show at Green Valley Ranch in March.  It was a long process, but eventually I had my ticket, and I went off to meet my friends.  This is not my first choice for playing video poker but the place is OK.
3	I actually think this Casino is pretty decent. Way better than Texas station nearby but not as nice as Aliante. They have a good Sportsbook similar to Aliante. Revolver is pretty decent and I like the 4949 lounge. The food court is decent too.
3	The smoke smell did get to me during my visit. The slots were fun and we did enjoy the casino. My kids enjoyed the bowling and workout room
3	Yes another casino. I do like this place a bit, but it doesn't compare to any casinos on the strip that I'd rather go to. But this is kind of good too as it doesn't get too crowded and they got some small limit pai gow tables that I usually like playing.
3	We decided to stay here since I had a free night and decided to see how it is.  I do have mix emotions about this place, so I would say the decision is yours when you come visit.  But here are my thoughts on Sante FeArriving at Sante Fe, the outside looks big and grand, that it was nicely built and detailed.  They have two garages on either side, especially for those who are either staying for a few nights, or those visiting for a few hours.  Usually we come here to watch movies and maybe gamble, which is always nice.  I like Cinemark, and I do like the wide variety of slot machines.  But the stay, was a bit unsatisfactory in a way.  I got a room for free, which we end up getting on the top floor.  Which had a decent view of the highway and mountains.  As well as the small swimming pool in the back, which is next to the storage place in the back, where deliveries are made and forklift is running around back and forth.  But back to the room, its a nice small decent room, and of course I didn't really expect much.  But what I really didn't expect was the bed to be crooked.  The bed we had was lower in the head rest and higher in the feet side of the bed.  So mainly we didn't really enjoyed the bed.  Especially if our bed was making blood flow to our head faster than it should.  Plus the bed was a bit stiff, like it still used springs.  But I'm sure every room is different.  We ate at the buffet, which of course, to me, buffet is a buffet.  There are ups and downs about buffets.  What I like is the wide selections, what I didn't like, is that some of the food has been sitting out there to the point of food being to dry and crisped, where its just kind of hard to chew.  The staff was okay, but going to a buffet, usually you want to make sure you have your drinks full.  Unfortunately after 3 rounds of going to the buffet line, my glass wasn't refilled, or never asked if I wanted another.  Either we had a waitress having a bad day, or that we were forgotten.  Cause going their before dinner rush, I'm sure it shouldn't be a problem to check on every table.  But again, everyone may have different waitress, so I wouldn't really rule out Feast Buffet.  Overall, we're their to eat, just hope some one is there to make sure you have something to drink.  Gambling, some of the dealers are nice, but it usually takes you to break the ice first.  But overall, after getting to know you, they'll talk to you and be friendly.  The slots on the other hand, I know better than to play slots, but I was feeling lucky and actually walked away with 100 bucks from the slot machine.  Overall, it has its ups and downs, if your going to stay here, don't get to attach to it.  Just a place to lay your head and go.  The scenario around the casino is nice, the movie theater is probably a good place to watch a movie, despite its confusing concession stand, but overall, its an OK kind of place.  I wouldn't really rule this out, since everyone has its own experience.  Its just that this experience wasn't as pleasant as I thought it would be.
3	We live in the NW so we spend a lot of time here for movies and bowling. Those are both fine. We love the movie theater because it is never crowded. Bowling can get crowded but you just have to know when to go. Around 2pm on a weekday is usually a good bet. We did stay in the hotel once--back in 2008 and it was not a good experience. The room was dark and dingy and just very uncomfortable. The bathroom was dirty. There were greasy handprints up high on the mirror??? Don't really want to think too much on what that was about. We don't gamble so the casino itself doesn't mean much to us but it isn't usually very crowded. I will say that most of those who frequent Santa Fe Casino seem to be of the 60 and up club. Since we live in Vegas, we're no strangers to casinos and Santa Fe HAS to be the smokiest casino in town. It is really thick in there. It is so bad that we no longer eat at Johnny Rockets, located inside. It is open to the casino but we can't enjoy a meal there because the food is overpowered by the cigarette smoke coming from the casino floor. The Feast Buffet is hit or miss. Sometimes it is good and sometimes it is terrible. It isn't consistent. It is a hang out for our family since it is right near us but if you're coming from out of town and can afford better digs, then I'd suggest staying in them.
2	The adventure to the Santa Fe Station was, well...an adventure. It was a little scary and a little awesome. And basically, it provided me with a story to tell others - and really nothing else.Overall, it's not much different from the other lower-end, off-Strip casinos. After awhile, they all start to look alike. Lots of slots, bad decor, a little musty and smokey, a buffet, a couple of icky restaurants, etc. Walking around this casino, there really wasn't much to see. It's definitely a locals place and not a particularly nice one at that.Oh yeah, the story... So on the way out, as we enter the parking garage, a security bicycle guy stops us and asks if we have jumper cables. This couple needs a jump, security can't do it, pregnant woman, blah, blah. So we pull over to their car and hook up the cables. It all seems a little sketchy with just a dash of scary and crazy. And then I get a good look at the couple in need of the jump. And then I started looking for hidden cameras and Ashton Kutcher. Yeah, seriously. Suffice it to say, quite the sight to see. And the best (er, worst) part was the pregnant woman smoking and the beer bottle on the ground near her (but hey, maybe she was just smoking and the beer bottle had nothing to do with them).But that story pretty much sums up what you can expect from Santa Fe Station and the folks that patronize it.
4	I like placing my parley bets. I like the food court and the movie theater. Plus they have an extra long bingo session on Friday and saturday at 9 pm.
3	This isn't a fancy hotel/casino by any means, but it's very close to my house. So close in fact that I could probably walk home from it. This is my go to place to play pennies, or shall I say donate $40. The food court is decent with Capriottis, Fat Burger and Panda Express. The bowling alley is nice and clean and great for a fun family outing. The movie theaters are decent with stadium seating. The buffet is standard, nothing special. The other restaurants I can't really recommend. The hotel rooms are very disappointing. They're clean but very old and outdated. If you're looking for a nicer hotel room the Alliante's rooms are a much better alternative.
2	We stayed here because my son had a soccer tournament at some fields a few miles away.  I should have bought a blanket and slept in my rental car, it was truly that bad.  What's tough is that there was no one thing that was outright awful but all the little things added up to a bad experience.1) The sheets on the bed were about as soft as a burlap sack2) No humidification system in the hotel and incredibly dry air made for static everywhere.  We moved down to the strip the last night and there was none of that at the Monte Carlo (which was not much more than SFS by the way!)3) Old school 27" non HD TV.  I get it, they want you out of the room.  Even Hampton Inns have HDTVs in the room and for NFL playoff weekend I was disappointed.4) Terrible smoke ventilation.  You can walk through Caesar's and barely detect the smoke.  This was stick-to-your-clothes-the-minute-you-walk-in bad.5) Impolite staff.  Upon checking in there was a problem with our reservation and the front desk person said, "Well SOMEONE is going to pay for this!"  It turned out it was their error.6) Terrible operational efficiency.  One check in person for the entire hotel? Two elevators for an entire tower? (Oh, and the elevators were not in great shape, were slow, and worn down.)  Even the food court places opened late, didn't have all the ingredients for basic items, and weren't polite about things.I know this isn't the Bellagio, but if you have staff hired and trained, why not train them right?  The fact that they misfired on every single detail made it such that I will not stay at a station hotel (excluding Red Rock, which was very nice) again.
1	hate this fucking casino.the security guards are a bunch of fuckwads that bitch about any little thing.I don't think anyone likes to be treated like an adolescent for absolutely nothing. I'll go to a movie here but never anything else.
1	I've stayed here a few times just because it's literally 5 minutes down the street from family.  It's always been a problem, with people partying in the next room and some rooms stink. But my recent stay (of one night) will hopefully be my last. My mom drove me here around 6p.m. on a Wednesday night, so it wasn't busy at all. So I don't know why the reception clerk put me in a room on the third floor directly across from the parking garage level that takes people from their cars to the casino. I mean RIGHT ACROSS from the parking garage, like someone could be sitting in their car and I could look them in the eye from my window. Throughout the night I listened to car stereos, people laughing and yelling and a few car alarms.After a couple of hours in the casino, I went to my room. I was tired from flying in that morning and spending the day with family, so I didn't go back down to get another room once I saw my situation. I could hear people talking in the room next to the t.v. but didn't hear anything from the room next to my bed, so I stuck my earplugs in and fell asleep thinking that room was empty. Wrong. And this is how I learned just how unbelievably thin the walls are here: at midnight I was jolted awake by a thumping sound that didn't stop. I took my earplugs out and realized it was the metal headboard in the next room being slammed against the wall (great furniture) in the room that was NOT empty. The walls were so thin that EVERYTHING was audible. I got up,moved my luggage from the other bed and right when I laid down, a car alarm went off. At 4 a.m., the guy in that room began throwing up in the bathroom, which was next to the bed I was in now. He was busy with that for half an hour, then walked into the wall, then got himself tangled in the wire hangers of the coat rack, also next to my bed. I've stayed in hotels all over the world, some not so great, but this is the only time I've been able to tell everything that was going on in another room like I was watching it. I gave up and called my mom to come get me, as I was more exhausted than when I arrive.And here's where the Santa Fe "resort" gives you the final middle finger- when we went to the desk to check out and tell them how I had been kept awake from their thin walls and parking garage noise, they demanded an additional $15 bucks for an "amenities fee" for the 10 hours I spent in their craphole. We were told "sorry, everybody charges a resort fee" by a woman who clearly just wanted us to shut up and go away. And yea, the sheets are like laying on canvas sails.
2	- We requested a crib and it took 4 requests over 2 days to get one delivered to our room. - The path from the entry to the hotel elevators is full of smokers. Since this hotel does support non-smoking floors, it would be nice if this main entry area was clear of smoke. I didn't enjoy walking my baby through a cloud of smoke every day.- The pillows were really crummy and we had only one thin blanket on the bed.In all, it was an inexpensive hotel that I wouldn't recommend for travelers with families.
2	We have stayed here 2 times now in the last month--hotel is fair price but a bit tired.  What we have enjoyed and rate as 5 stars is the Grand Cafe inside the hotel.  We thought the food was great and the service was wonderful!  During our last stay, Richard went out of his way to see our every request was meet for either breakfast, lunch or dinner--he made our meals special!
1	The floor people have no clue whats going on. Im not aloud to play blackjack at any station casino because they said im an advantage player! its forbidden if you win alittle, i guess. its called luck. the poker room dealers cant run a game, and the slots dont pay worth a )$&@t!Two thumbs down.
1	The management in the poker room is horrible. Dealers dont shut up and cant run a game for the life of them. There so involved in there conversation they dont call raises and cost players money! Players have no respect when a lady sits down at the table. The use profanity is horrendous and the dealers dont even tell them to stop. as far as the blackjack pit. well im barred from all station casinos for playing BJ. Some moron in the sky thinks im an "advantage" player. this is what they tell me. the only good thing about this hotel is capriatis sandwich shop.
2	My husband's graduation was held at the Santa Fe Casino.  We were charged $20 per person for the dinner and had two guests attend.  We were served a wet chicken cutlet smothered in gravy, a dallop of potatoes, a few vegetables and rock hard chocolate cake.  I was expecting much more for our money.  Apparently banquet guests get slop!
3	The casino, sports book, cinemas and restaurants are above average. The food in the buffet could use a little work, but overall it is decent for a neighborhood casino.
5	Love this casino! When I need a break from the crowds and attitudes of the clientele at  red rock, I come here! I can always find a parking spot easily, the restaurants are fantastic, slots are a little tight, the clubs are fun! Rooms are okayCabo- AMAZING, it's my go to place.... it isn't tex mex, but it'll do! Buffet- Pretty good!
3	I've been going to this casino on my trips with my wife to visit her parents who moved to Las Vegas years ago. This review is focusing on the casino slots since that is the game I usually play. I always go with a limited amount of money to spend so I don't go home broke.In the past, playing the slots have lasted a lot longer, last year in fact was one of the first times I've actually walked away with more than I came with. This year unfortunately it seems like the slots aren't as loose as they used to be. I play penny slots to make things go slower but I managed to use up all my spending money, $60 I believe, it less than an hour. Slots are totally random and it's just luck if you win anything so perhaps this time I just wasn't lucky.On this trip, I went late at night, around midnight, and it wasn't busy at all. It's rarely busy at that time of night but that's when my kids are asleep and the grandparents can watch them so, that's when I go. I can always find parking, and it's just a quick elevator ride and your right on the edge of the casino floor.I understand that my in-laws are also starting to go to different Stations Casinos like Aliante, I guess because they prefer it there. I find Santa Fe Station to be closer but since I don't live there, I can't say why one casino would be better than another.
3	Station casinos have always been a place I enjoyed going to play at over the years.  When I turned 21 and visited my family out here it happened to be the casino that my mother and aunt went to so we frequented it quite often.  I won like 1k my first time around- wish I was still that lucky!! They have a really nice sports area and now with a decent VIP section.  The staff is generally friendly, but man does it take forever to get a drink around there!  They really need to boost that up because when I'm throwing my money away I want my drinks!  The casino offers some cool restaurants and I love visiting the Revolver as well.  I'm also on a league (their lanes suck, read my review for there) so I find myself here every week.  I've stayed in the rooms before years back and they were nothing fantabolous, but were nice enough for the price, like 30 bucks.  Lots of machines, pretty fair pay back- a decent time for locals...Lack of the other 2 stars because the cocktail waitress' are slower than molasses and their players club area closes too dang early.  I really feel that all casinos should have one person on shift 24 hours
4	This is the closest actual casino to where I live, and I love going there. Their motto of we love locals, hits the nail on the head. Cheap drinks, decent amount of table games, loose slots, pretty big sports book and an awesome movie theater. The cafe is serves up some awesome food and the food court options are pretty solid. I love going here as its easy access to the 95 and the parking lot is never full or hard to find close parking.
4	I love "The Fe" as some of locals call it. I have been coming here since it opened. It has seen many changes.Since becoming a Station the buffet is now edible and they offer discounts with your boarding pass.They also have a "Cabo" but this is my least favorite of the Cabo restaurants. For some reason the food doesn't come out the same as the other locations so there are some consistency issues.One Christmas we ate in the "Charcoal Room" for dinner and I wasn't pleased. I miss the old 'Kodiak" that was there before. On the plus side, there is a food court with a Capriotti's and a Starbuck's in it YaY!They have both of my favorite slot machines here so is a huge plus.Where the old ice rink was is the movie theaters and they are always clean and have comfy seats.Check with the bowling alley they offer really good discounts depending on the hour of day. The cosmic bowling is fun especially for the family.There are 2 parking garages and open parking.If you don't have a boring pass then stop by the rewards center and pick one up you might get extra play cash or a nice discount at a restaurant.
4	It's not really fair to rate the entire casino off the midnight breakfast specials, but that's all we came here for...It is the closest casino to us, so if you are in the area like us, this is a solid breakfast choice.  Lot's of $2 specials that taste great and blow away anything else you can find at this time of night for triple the price or more.Not a big gambler, but it seemed like their table minimums were pretty low...definitely a locals casino no doubt.
3	Nice local casino with a pretty good buffet for the price.  Personal preference is to stay on the strip, but friends and family in the area prefer the local spots for obvious reasons.  Not my first choice, but would come back for a day-after buffet!
3	PROS:  * Close to Mount Charleston snow play area* Affordable* Easy to reserve online (plus save a little $ too)* Quick check-in & check-out* Smoke-Free Rooms* Bowling Center' w/automatic bumpers for the kids* Grand Cafe serving breakfast, lunch and dinner 24/7* Many free channels on t.v* Wifi (not free but approx. $14.), and technical assistance is providedCONS: * Smoky, stinky casino* Coco's Restaurant has been replaced by Grand Cafe - Dinner was great, Breakfast service was painfully SLOW* Uncomfortable beds, too-fluffy pillows, no comforters, COLD room* Thin walls - you can hear every door open/close, every conversation in the hallway* Hard to connect to wifi. Technical assistance was unable to help, and were sending a technician to our room. Had to cancel that call as we wanted dinner & bowling. Upon returning to our room, technical assistance WAS of help via phone (see tip #1 below).* No stationery, notepads, menus, hotel/casino magazines, dining/entertainment brochures of ANY sort in the room*** TIP #1 ***If the wifi sign in screen does not appear on your computer, type into your browser abc.com *** TIP # 2 ***Check out time is noon. There is a $10 fee if you check out late. You CAN check out on your t.v.*** TIP # 3 ***Give valet $5, and he'll loan you the bell cart to take your luggage to your room.
1	The staff are rude and abrasive, service us terrible. Rooms are substandard. There are a hundred other ways to waste your money in Vegas- don't do it by getting a room here.
1	NEVER stay at the hotel. The casino looks clean, friendly and laid back--go there, don't stay there.  After staying in my room (the non-smoking room) for 15 minutes I got a horrible migraine . Again, thought food would help. As soon as I went outside, no more migraine. Came back later to my room, INSTANT headache. Okay, something here I am having a reaction to. So we decided to cut our stay short. That is when the drama began. Apparently if you book online you "prepay" for the entire time so that means  they refuse to refund your money because you paid on the web. So my options are 1) pay for 2 hotel rooms for my entire stay or 2) get enough headaches to land me in the hospital.  We were prepared to pay for an extra night we could not use but to be accountable for all 5 nights seems a bit much. My biggest problem besides deciding to deal with the killer headaches was the staff. They were very unhelpful and rude. The manager was actually told by the desk associate, Julie, that we wanted to leave because we were upset with our wi-fi charges. Really?   Do I need a doctor's note to be believed?  So no offers to move rooms, no offers to refund the extra days just staff that decided the best way to handle guests was to push back, bully and wear the customer down. Good times.
4	For the price you can't beat this place! Great Casino, friendly staff and awesome restaurants!!!! The Charcoal room was outstanding, great food, must try. Cabo was pretty good as well, huge food court. The buffet is top notch! Rooms are decent but could use new ma tress and TVs. nice movie theater and bowling center as well. We will go back
4	Get a players card. Great place to gamble, think I stayed here once, solid but not fabulous. Seems to be a locals hangout. They want your money but in a good way lol
2	My review is for the casino only.  It is clean and well-kept with all the amenities - KidsQuest, movie theatre, arcade, food court, etc.  But this casino has the tightest slots ever.  Every time we go it's a straight slaughter.  We tried our hand at the Ultimate Texas Hold 'Em table last time, and got the sh!ttiest card I've ever seen, while the dealer pulled trips and full houses time after time.  Playing at Santa Fe sux!
4	A local favorite I usually come here to enjoy the sports book for watching the games and I love eating at the feast the food is great. The $.99 margaritas are defiantly appreciated and enjoyed :)
4	Nothing top notch or particularly fancy and swanky, but it's a nice local spot.It's out of the way of the strip, and you don't see as many tourists here, kind of a place for old people to hang out and gamble their retirement checks away, but it's overall a nice environment.They got a food court, a couple bars,  a mexican restaurant, a buffet, a cafe, starbucks,  and a steak house, and they also have a club called Revolver. I hate country music, so I never go into the club much except for Thursdays, when they play techno shit, you can find me there in a spiderman getup.Overall a pretty neat little place. There's a bowling alley and also a movie theatre that is super nice, if gambling isn't your thing.
5	This casino rocks!I like to come here for the swipe and win contest. Play a little bit in the poker room. If I'm broke I will yank on the slots. I love it here because the restrooms are super duper  clean the staff are super nice and the food is always super hot. What I like most is the slots because they have fun games to play with spin bonus rounds. I'm cheap so if I can win free spins or free anything for that matter I'm all in. Plus inside this location my cell phone works so I can listen to Pandora or even text my friends and most of all check in & give tips on yelp.com oh yeah they get five stars from me.
4	Not too bad.  Last time I went, the smoke was too much to handle. This most recent time, I was able to walk through the casino to the movie theater without getting a headache from all of the smoke.Did they improve the ventilation?  Whatever you did, thank you.  I like to be able to get where I need to go without feeling sick.  :)
1	Customer service is lacking. My son booked us and tried to pay for a two night stay for us. They charged his credit card for one night and was supposed to charge his card fro the second night also. We had to use our credit card for ID, so they charged the second night to our card. Trying to talk to someone after we got home was a total nightmare. They keep giving us a run around and passing the problem off to other people. After three phone calls we are ready to give up, hence, this post. We had a non smoking room that smelled of smoke, mold in the bathtub. Will never return.
3	the consits about 12 miles from tremont square [old vegas--think golden nugget hotel and a bit further to las vegas blvd....they provide no shuttle servicetaxi's run about $2.80 per mile with a one time $3.30 service fee added. if you pay w/credit card...there is another small fee.the bathrooms are small...no counter space...the pro'sfriendly staff---very accommodating. will print out your boarding passeswill store ur luggage for late check outs or early check in'slots of restaurants to choose from with cheap eatswestern dance club, bowling alley and a movie theater
3	Station Casinos has a lot of great properties in Vegas. But I'm not a fan of Santa Fe Station. It's got a layout that's just odd. It's kinda cramped, it's kinda blah, and it's not really the kind of place I felt comfortable in. Sure it's got theaters, it's got a Cabo, it's got Revolver, but the core casino is about as ho-hum as it gets. Unless you want to visit one of the previously mentioned side attractions the best view of Santa Fe Station is from the 95 with the speedo showing 65 mph and your foot nowhere near the brake pedal.
3	Good place to go see a movie, only $7 matinee, not as good of a place to eat. The buffet is lackluster at best, something as simple as bread pudding lacks the flavor you would find in other buffets.
4	The Station Casino system has several properties in Las Vegas.  While I've only visited three or four, Santa Fe is by far my favorite.  I spend very little time with the slots or the table games, so I can't honestly provide an adequate review.However, as a poker player,  the Santa Fe poker room is by far the best one I've been in.  It compares favorably with the some of the best rooms on the Strip and is actually head and shoulders above some (the Flamingo and Bally's come immediately to mind).The room is clean, well lit and comfortably appointed.  The staff is friendly and helpful.  The Station Casino system has some of the best bonus promotions for poker in the city.Santa Fe Station Casino's poker room is a bit off the beaten track (I-95 and Rancho Drive), but it is well worth the drive.
1	PLAY HERE, BUT DO NOT STAY HERE.I'm a Vegas local and I've seen far better hotel rooms in most of the other station casinos. I booked here on the 4th of July because it had good rates and it was last minute for my mother. The room looked NOTHING like the photos on their website, which were conveniently taken at night (most things look better in the dark, right?). The air conditioner made a ton of noise and smelled. The ice machine on our floor was broken. The phone didn't even have labels of how to call the front desk (just a phone with normal keypad). We requested a non-smoking floor, and about 1 hr into our stay, smoke from the hallway was pouring into our room. My mother's asthma kicked up, and we had to leave. Walls were PAPER THING and you could hear everything next door.The room next door was screaming children, screaming parents, slamming doors...if that tells you anything about the type of patron that stays here.We immediately checked out. They were nice enough to refund us and not ask any questions. Maybe it's happened to them before? Haha.
3	This is not a very nice place to stay. The rooms are decent. They don't compare to some of the nicer hotels on the strip. The valet guys are really nice and attentive. My biggest complaint is that the water in our sink smelled rotten the whole time we were there. I didn't even use it to brush my teeth, I used bottled water instead. It smelled gross even after letting it run for a while. The rooms seemed pretty clean and are pretty spacious. No refrigerator.
4	Very Nice! This place isn't for the tourists like most of the station casinos... but for the locals! Perfect for families that want to see a movie or go bowling. They have a great place for kids while adults are at the casino! I like it! I am not too sure about the hotel though....
4	I like this place! It's quiet, the place is big and laid out well.. the slot selection is awesome to boot, and hell I visited the little Grand Cafe to grab lunch and the waitress was nice enough to offer me the $9.99 special for a steak with mashed potatoes and greens.. gotta say was the best steak I ever had at $10 seriously topping other places that charge double.. On top of it being a nice place I won $75 easily paying for my lunch and dinner later on that night! Station's are great casinos they don't try to be anyone else but themselves and treat you right.
3	I stayed a couple nights at the Santa Fe Station Hotel & Casino last month while competing in the Karaoke World Championship Western Regionals.  The casino was pretty nice, as was the Cafe' and the Showroom where our competition was held.  But I've already reviewed those places separately.  Here, I am rating my room, a Queen Non-Smoking room.  Although I was in a Non-Smoking room, the entire place wreaked of stale cigarette smoke, and all my clothes and luggage smelled of it when I left.  YUCK!The room was quite large, but very plain.  The bathroom was laid out so it was difficult not to hit your hip on the corner of the sink when you sat on the toilet.  I had difficulty controlling the thermostat, and basically froze all night in a bed without an extra blanket or comforter.  There was no safe for my valuables, and no coffee maker.  But on the other hand, this was the cheapest room I've paid for in many years, so I suppose I shouldn't complain.  Still, I can't give more than 3 stars.
3	I don't do casinos much anymore unless I have friends or family in town.  But when I was hitting up the casinos, it was the Station Casinos that got my hard earned money.  My favorite Station Casinos include Red Rock, Sunset, and in 3rd place comes Sante Fe.  Highlights:-Close to home-Bowling and it's cheap-Movie Theater-Easy in and out Sports Book.  Yes, I don't stay and linger. I rather watch my games at home. -Never busy-Food Court:  Not stating that they have the best food court.  But their food court is consistent with the rest of the Station Casinos.  There's familiarity here (i.e. Capriotti's)-Station Casinos love locals.Low Lights:-Smells like smoke.  I know, I know, most do.  But a lot of the strip casino's are at least spacious and airy enough.  Even Red Rock doesn't stench of smoke. -Poker Room:  This can be a plus or negative depending on who you are or your skill level.  The locals here will hate it that I'm saying it, but the players here are good.  Most are sharks or tight-aggressive (TAG).  Avoid the poker room unless you decide to play low limit.  Besides, money can be had from the tourist on the strip.YELP PERSONAL CHALLENGE 2013 - (426/500)
5	I was very very surprised by this place. I had never been there before! We were in room 514 with two beds. It was very comfy, and very very clean and we got great service at check in and in the restaurants.  Also, they have a gift shop by the elevators and their stuff (lots of cool costume jewelry) was super cheap! Valet parking was excellent and fast and carried our bags up too! I WILL BE BACK! Ps the bathroom is extremely small, so small that if you are a big person, you honestly will have a problem using the toilet, there is no room! Also, they said the rooms are normally 29.00 a week nite, we paid $75 for a Friday nite and it was well worth it!
4	I absolutely love this local casino, close to Home, lots of different restaurants, and activities inside to do with family like movies, bowling, arcade, eateries.   Out of the Station Casinos my favorites are Santa Fe and the Red Rock Casino.   I also like going to the 49/49, the Chrome, & the Revolver.   Nice place to get drinks, dancing, hanging out with my honey or friends.
4	Honestly, this place was not very fun...until I turned 21!! Now there's so much to do here that you couldn't do at a younger age that makes things 100xs better. 1. Drinks while bowling2. Wingstop and beer3. Non-crowded movie theatre4. Cheap drink specials5. BINGO 6. RevolverIt's a really great place to chill without the hustle and bustle of too many crowds, crazy people, and wild teens. Being older makes this place a fun place to hang.
4	This review is for the casino and buffet only, as I haven't checked out the rooms yet.One of the better Station properties on the edge of town, and it was always the first and last stopoff of mine when driving in and out of town from California.It seems to be a step up from some of the other Station properties, but I think it's because it might be newer.The casino is huge.  The Station properties seem to do a really good job in keeping up with the newest slot games.The Feast Buffet, as at all of the other Station properties, is excellent - always a good spread.  There was one visit when I had a coupon for a $25 dining credit, and the cashiers were very accommodating about adding a few extra beers to the bill to round things off nicely.Definitely recommend.  It seems to be situated in a less hectic area of town than some of the other casino properties, but be aware that there's not much in this area of the city, other than shopping centers and restaurants.
1	This place is a dump, small rooms, a tiny bathroom, reeks of smoke, inadequate staffing, broken elevators
4	This hotel was recommended by a local friend for a trip I was on, and will be my go-to place when in town in the future.  Even though I am not a local, the laid back local atmosphere is just what I like.  I've been to the strip, yippee... at Santa Fe I can get a drink, play a few games, grab some food and go to my room, easy.  Smokey, but that doesn't bother me as much as some people. Kids Quest is awesome too, if ya want a little adult time while traveling with little ones (mine are 5,3,and 1).  They want to see your kids immunization records (out of state can get a waiver) so be prepared.  Around 8 bucks a head, $50 got me two uninterrupted hours with my wife and good friend. My kids had a great time and no worries over their safety.Nifty bowling alley.
1	What a dump. Called ahead to ask if they had little fridge and microwave in rooms. They said yes. I requested a smoke free room. When we arrived I asked for a cart or help to the room. They told me I had to wait. And  if I didn't do valet parking then I am on my own.  What a crock of shit. Upon getting into our room it wreaked of cigarettes.  The floor and sheets were stained. No fridge no microwave. When I called downstairs they told me it was extra to get those things.  So we gathered our stuff and left! If your a smoker, drinker then this place is perfect for you.
1	I had a very strange experience checking in here for a nite (I find it entertaining to stay at the hotels even if I am a local)  well checking in before I even did I had a lady come out the doors the the left of me screaning for security she stated, "there is a man with a gun" I looked and saw someone hunched over on the ground but there seemed to be no real danger. I more than likely was not listening to my instincts because everything went down hill from there! The check in lady was rude as hell to me (she was working pm shift with long black hair and on the plus side) she had some kind of attitude, like me and my boyfriend were trouble makers.. I quickly noticed how the northside has flowed up to the Santa fe because while I walked to the elevators there was a security gard ready to check my room number he wasn't very friendly either and the rooms... wow ANYONE CHECKING IN HERE SHOULD MAKE SURE  they get ask for what they are hoping for. Examples include not facing parking garage clarify the smoking/non smoking close ness to the ice machine/ elevators and the room LACKED ENOUGH TOWELS. the service for that took about an hour..overall this idea was a disaster.  Also wait to be charged more when you check out which Is for a service I didn't use.and checkout didn't have the customers service I felt comfortable with. I must say. My father works for stations and he is a great with customers employee so I might have expected too much from this casino which is suppose to follow the WE LOVE OUR LOCALS just like all the other casinos. Stay here if you want but prepare yourself to feel anything but loved
1	Do not stay here. I received a written  confirmation saying that our room would be a king bed, only to show up and be told there were no king beds available. What is the point of booking a king room? We were told by the manager (who was nice enough) that there is no guarantee on room type. Here's an idea Station Casinos - don't put it in writing that you are getting one thing only to be bait and switched for another. Nowhere on my reservation did it say that room type was not guaranteed. If that were the case I would have booked elsewhere. The place smells like smoke too despite being on a non-smoking floor. The only positive to this was the fact that the manager was very nice and apologetic about things. But unfortunately having just one night away from the kiddos, this was a huge disappointment.
3	This casino is super smokey! I had some difficulty breathing. I played a little bit of MegaBucks, hoping to win my fortune but it didn't happen. I did do pretty well and was able to play for quite a while on my $21.
3	Stayed for their buffet and played some bowling. Their buffet is decent for the price and it being off the strip. Their bowling alley is a little dated, I prefer the Texas Station's bowling alley personally.
5	We didn't stay at this hotel but gambling here is great!! They have a ton of good places to eat and their machines actually pay out! The place doesn't smell too much like cigarettes and the staff is really nice! I'm definitely coming back here when I'm in Vegas!!! They also have a kids section where they'll watch your kids as they have a blast in a huge room. They have a wii, iPads,  karaoke, and a jungle gym that I'd actually enjoy playing in!
1	Hands down the worst hotel I've ever been to. No room service, the lobby is charged with cigarette smoke. The only food options are food court style fast food or a horrible school lunch buffet. The buffet (being the only breakfast option this morning) had over an hour wait. By the time reached the front of the line breakfast was over. I can't say enough bad things about this poorly run understaffed hotel.
4	Normally hate going to buffets to eat as the food is usually left out for a long time which results it in being overcooked but that's not the case here.The staff is friendly and helpful though sometimes it seems like they could use a few more people.The food is good and they have a decent variety. It's also very cheap ($4.99) if you become a member of the casino. The menu changes over from breakfast to lunch at 11:00 am at which point the price goes up. But go before 10:30 am as the line to get in gets long which results in a long wait. And the cashier does not take into account when you get in line; only when you reach her/him to pay.It would be 5 stars if not for the wait in the line.
3	This is a really good casino.  It's so far away from the strip and that is a good thing and a bad thing.  For me, I typically stay on the strip, so I really don't like to venture that far away.  But again, it's a place for locals, but it is larger, maybe larger than a lot of casinos on the strip, has an enormous amount of slots to keep the veteran players happy, and it has $5 table every where, even Pai Gow, my favorite card game.  Super friendly dealers.  Plus a food court, bowling alley, a bingo hall and a movie theater.  You won't find any great restaurants here, but the ones they have are adequate.  So, the real question is should I come over.  I probably would chose the Red Rock Casino instead, even though that is far too and it's newer.  But I do find myself making the trek to gamble here too.
3	$39/night midweek. Room smells of "conditioner" or "freshener". I'm using the computer on the ironing board as there are NO convenient plugs anywhere. Someone saved 10 cents when they built the place I guess. it's OK - got an ironing board anyway
5	Visited this casino to see Bobby Caldwell perform in the Chrome Showroom.  We were impressed with the size of the casino, the great Feast Buffet, and the showroom.  All the employees we came into contact with during our 6 hours there were great.  I especially loved the buffet which was $12.99 (prime rib/shrimp) after signing up for their Boarding Pass club card.  It was even better than our favorite Main Street buffet!  After the show we asked the valet to call us a cab and he did, but said the local cab company was backed up so offered to have someone drive us on the casino car and we could pay them whatever we would've paid for a cab.  Great!  If we ever go back there we'd probably rent a car next time, though, just to be sure we have a guaranteed ride back.I also heard from a regular visitor that the Cafe there has "the best pancakes in the world"....and she does a lot of traveling all over the U.S.
3	We caught dinner and a movie at this place, but also played some slots while waiting for our table. Seems like a fairly new establishment so everything is very well-kept! Has a great selection of food at the building court. There is also a pretty trendy country & western bar/club at the entrance from the parking garage. All in all, a very solid casino slash everything else!
3	Wisconsin in the final 4!
5	Went to Grand Cafe for lunch today - may not have to eat for a week.  My husband had the Cheddar Bacon Bugar andI hac the Classic burger with cheese.  Really think these are the best burgers we have had in a long long time.  Both were cooked as ordered,  somthing that rarely happens, and were tasty and juicy.  Fries were crispy on the outside, soft on the inside.   We will be back...............
3	Stayed here a couple nights.   Only payed about $40 per night.. room was okay.   Smelled weed walking dow. The hallways..  but what do you expect only $40 a night lol.  Not the worst hotel I been in.
1	The worst customer service I have ever received at a hotel! We booked a king bed online and they gave us two double beds... When we told the front desk about the mistake, they acted like it was our problem and she would not compensate us for their  mistake. She basically looked at us and rolled her eyes. Such an awful attitude!Besides the terrible service, the rooms were nice and clean. The linens were fresh and the bathroom spotless. The TV was nice. The shower was nice as well. The internet is not free!! Doesn't make any sense. When we checked out, the lady at the front desk acted like we were inconveniencing her by checking out. She was more interested in whatever was on her computer. Overall the room is worth the $30 rate, but only if you can get past the terrible customer service.
4	My Favorite Station Casino by far. Best, quietest (can concentrate well) Sports Book. Friendly staff there. Buffet excellent! Food is great like Red Rock Station though 3 dollars less in price at Santa Fe. The help in the buffer excellent, very friendly. The cocktail waitresses at Santa Fe are THE GREATEST, most friendly in Las Vegas. Great gang of girls. Gaggle of girls, group? I dunno. All are great! I highly recommend this fun place to be any time!
3	Santa Fe Hotel and Casino rises to among the top casino buildings available in the North Las Vegas area. Although the casino boasts the normal availability of food establishments, nightlife, and plethora of gaming options, the lackluster wallpaper and remnants of tobacco smoke leave its patrons questioning their decisions to frequent the facility in the first place.  My experience neither discusses the public accommodations nor their fine dining experience. Their gambling availability would be rated above average as their machines are updated to today's technological standards and their table games always remain busy, yet available for new players.  Their new promotion advertises that players will receive 3x points every day, although gold and preferred members must swipe at the kiosk to obtain these privileges. Revolver is a nightclub to escape the mundane dance bars. The musical genres range, but country and Top 40 predominate the musical availability. In the past, locals with a players' card received free entry, but now even locals must pay entrance fees. Wild Coyote generally hosts contests inside the venue which may offer patrons a chance to attend a festival of receive a $200 bar tab at a future Revolver event. Their food remains par at best. The standard buffet and cafe experience. However, Station Casinos offer a late-night menu for its cardholders that is only available on weekday evenings from midnight to 6am.  This allows for budgeteers to dine with champagne taste on a wine budget. All-in-all it's a pretty standard experience. Don't expect greatness, but it may just be worth your while :)
1	super tight slots here, you would be very lucky to win $50.Grade C- on the sport book.  they always +/- 0.5 on most major sports.  do not bother to bet on their in-game as their book have purposely freeze their betting system several times to stop accepting bets which considered disadvantage to the casino.
1	Only staying here because we could only select certain hotels due to a basketball tournament.I do not like this hotel at all. it smells really bad.  Strong smoke smell like most casinos.The room is small. The bathroom is small and has mold growing in the shower. The towel rack is barely hanging on the wall. There is no fridge. Not very many channels on the TV. The beds are really uncomrtable.Are you getting the picture?Only slightly redeeming quality....decent selection in the food court. Starbucks, Fat Burger, Wing Stop, Capriottis and Panda Express.I won't stay here again....4 days of this crap.
4	I like to bowl at the sante fe. As a league bowler I get to pay $2 per game. I am going to practice 4 games and it will probably will take about 40 minutes. You can pay by the hour to practice spares.
2	The hotel experience is awful!! They make it so confusing, it's not even worth staying there. They charge you, then give it back, then charge etc!! And they don't even have a reason for it? House keeping does a good job, that's why I gave 2stars. Valet, says it's free for hotel guest, but god forbid you don't tip em!! They have major attitude and I almost got into a fight with one, to the point that I didn't feel comfortable using their valet option. And all the staff there except Lizz don't seem to care about shit!! I will not be coming back to this place!
2	The only thing this place has going for it is the food.  Good variety of food to choose from.  If you are looking for a steak house, it is one of the best I have ever had.  I have been to numerous high end steak houses all over and this is one of the best.The rooms here are disgusting.  I had two different rooms during my stay.  The first room; the towel holder broke off of the wall, the shower head was separated from the tile, the lamp was broken and the carpets were all stained.  The second room also had dirty carpets and there was actually dry blood running down the side of the bathtub.  Absolutely disgusting.  Don't these people clean the rooms?  If I can see it, I don't see how someone that is supposed to be "cleaning" the rooms can miss it.I would definitely come back to eat, but I would never stay at this place again.  They have a lot of work to clean this place up.
1	Steve the Pitt boss is a twat. Let you loose then bad mouth you for being there. Wouldn't drop my allowance for those to live. Beware
1	Only staying here because we could only select certain hotels due to a basketball tournament.I do not like this hotel at all. it smells really bad.  Strong smoke smell like most casinos.The room is small. The bathroom is small and has mold growing in the shower. The towel rack is barely hanging on the wall. There is no fridge. Not very many channels on the TV. The beds are really uncomrtable.Are you getting the picture?Only slightly redeeming quality....decent selection in the food court. Starbucks, Fat Burger, Wing Stop, Capriottis and Panda Express.I won't stay here again....4 days of this crap.
3	I don't have anything negative to say about Santa Fe Casino, neither anything that really wows me...hence the 3 stars.  It's a clean, safe, and fun environment to play. The Feast buffet is pretty good but I will leave that for a different review. The cocktail waitresses a pretty slow at making their rounds. When they do come around, my cocktail has always been the correct one. Santa Fe does have a good court, movie theater, buffet, and a bowling alley. Parking is very easy...even on the weekends...just remember to use the parking structure.
2	The staff is extremely professional and very nice. They are welcoming and always had a smile. Every staff member we encountered were offerer to answer any and all our questions. From the moment you walk in, you get slapped in the face with extensive second hand smoke. WOW! It was bad!! You can smell the second hand cigarette from the elevators to the parking garage. There wasn't any escaping the smoke. It was thick and heavy. Several other casinos have a better ventilation system but unfortunately not Santa Fe. Even though they did have "non smoking" area, it was still infested with it. Some of the rooms were labeled "non smoking" (eg: 1-10 non smoking) but on the same building and same floor (eg: 11-20 smoking) they were labeled "smoking." These rooms were just down the hallways of each other. It didn't make a difference cuz you can still smell the strong smoke. Once inside the "non smoking rooms" the smell continue to penetrate through the walls and in the carpet. The rooms were spacious. Very impressed with the size. I was glad to see they had disposable cups for your ice/water and not the typical glass cups other hotel put out. The rug was absolutely gross. There were stains every step you took. It was very evident they have not given the rugs a deep cleaning. I made the mistaking at looking to the air vents!! Talk about absolute horror!!!!!! The vents/filters hadn't been cleaned out in decades. There was about one-inch of disgusting caked on dust, on the AC filters located by the room doors. It explained why the rooms never felt cool even with the AC turned down. It was completely unacceptable to have the AC vents they way they did. We called the front desk in order to have maintenance change out the filters; which they did :-)Again, the staff is wonderful (they help bump them to a 3-star review) but the smoke filled hotel and AC vent make this hotel such bad scores.
5	This hotel has one of the best sports book bars,lots of giant screens and drink & food specials.$2 beers.gourmet hot dogs & friendly staff
4	Another one of the chains of Station Casino's, like the others this one has a very good buffet, and is priced right, in regards to the rest of the Casino, it has a good amount of parking, and a very nice selection of slots and table games- You cant go wrong with any of the Station Casino's.
2	Crusty sheets, burnt out lights and staff constantly trying to enter your room while you're sleeping is just the beginning at this awesome hotel! At 6am some sort if construction started on the lovely roof that was located just outside of our window, at 7 the hotel security started making their way down out hallway banging on every door shouting "open up! Security!" Evidently looking for some rowdy drunks that they had "suspected left the hotel already." At 8AM the first housekeeper attempted to open our door without knocking, then again at 9 and 11. The rooms here are more expensive than Aliante and far far more dingy and outdated. Definitely not worth the sleep deprivation.
3	Yet another basic locals casino. Props for having an entrance straight to the sports book without requiring use of the parking garage, as well as having both a bowling alley and a movie theater on site.There aren't many good dining options here though- the usual Charcoal room, the Flavors buffet, and that sad hot dog stand by the sportsbook (that also sells Krispy Kreme donuts?), and not much else.I don't play table games or care for slots, but they have the same promos that the other Station casinos run. Location is not convenient for those who don't live in the area.
1	The cafe was horrible to say the least. Worst 2 hours of my restaurant life experience. The service and the food both graded an F. Dined late night. Place wasn't very busy when we arrived and maxed at 8 tables during our 2 hour wait.One waitress for more than 8 tables. Cold food, burnt toast and bacon. A white steak thing posing as a tbone steak. Bitter coffee. Slow service. High prices. Waitress kept calling us "love, lovie and sweety". Not only annoying but excessively annoying. Made the experience feel torturous. Wouldn't return or recommend.
