5	Moved out here from California and was suggested this tanning salon. Could not be happier! Nyki, the owner, is so nice! She has awesome deals for industry and students. The elixir bed is seriously the most comfortable bed I have ever been in (and I've been an extreme tanner for 3years).
5	Purple Sunrise is more than a tanning salon. It's a spa experience. I called there this afternoon in hope of getting a late appointment. I was greeted by the owner Nyki. She was really nice and knew her stuff. I expressed my concerns to her about all of my skin allergies. She assured me that I would in the hands of a professional in skin spray tanning and I would not have any problems. We agreed that I needed a "late as possible" appointment because of my work schedule.When I walked in the door It was like I walked into a purple sunrise. There were purple leather couches, modern artwork and shiny new floors everywhere. It's a beautiful and really clean business.I hung my shoes on her cool shoe tree and slipped on a pair of brand new bendy flip-flops that she provided. Since I was her last customer of the night she gave me the grand tour. The tanning beds look great. I worked in the tanning salon business before, So right away I knew that this place was high quality. I didn't feel uncomfortable and Nyki was really professional so I had no problem with going for the "No tan line" look =-)  We started off with an allergy test to ensure my skin wouldn't react to the spray tan. After 5 minutes and no allergic reaction, we got started. She asked me "What  color do you want?" WOWWW I had choices!  I was super excited. She had a half a dozen different colors to pick from. I picked a middle tone so it would look more natural on my pale skin. She directed me how to position my arms and legs so we would achieve a natural sun kissed look. In about 15-20 minutes I was all done and I felt great. I was instantly dark. I really love it. She advised me not to shower for 24 hours. It only cost me $45 since I am a local I got a % off. There was also a 4/$100 deal that I might go back for over the next month. To sum it all up:-Professional Business-You can tell the owner cares about her customers-High quality products-Great packages for localsI'll update this review with a before/after picture asap :)
5	Purple Sunrise Tan is An Amazing Salon and offers the BEST in Uv Tanning and Airbrush tanning
5	There is no doubt in my mind that Purple Sunrise Tan will be in every wonderful city in our wonderful country. The way the owner, Nyki, explains it - "it has already happened".      Nyki obviously cares about the way you feel - and the experience she creates is simply a reflection of her love for life.      I will definitely be coming back real soon.
5	Purple Sunrise Tan is the best airbrush I have had in Las Vegas! My color looked beautiful and natural. The owner, Nyki Love, offers not only the best in airbrush and uv tanning, but the absolute best in quality and customer service!
5	I have been to numerous tanning salons and I have yet to find one that I like until Purple Sunrise!! Nyki the owner is so sweet, professional, outgoing, understandable, bubbly, listens to her clients concerns, and helps her clients in the best way possible!! I feel vey welcomed every time I go there!! Not only is it WONDERFUL customer service... But it is extremely clean and the beds are top notch!! She puts a lot of effort into her clients and business. I would never suggest Body Heat Tanning!! They are rude, unprofessional, and can care less about their clients, no only that.... They are not knowledgeable about their products or beds. I am an extremely picky person on where I go. When I first called Nyki (the owner) of Purple Sunrise, she was informative, and spent about a half hour on the phone with me. When I decided to go check it out.. I finally met her and she gave me a tour of the place and  any questions I had... She answered immediately!! Unfortunately I gave her my 30 day notice because I am moving out of town... But I really hope she succeeds with her business and opens one where I am going!! I am really going to miss the place and her and her boyfriend!! I have been very happy there and am really upset to leave!! Thank you guys for a wonderful experience!! Tara Clark
5	Nikki, the owner, is FANTASTIC! I personally used her service on myself twice, and then had her spray tan my "clients" for "photoshoots" and it was crucial that she NOT make the people look orange or fake, and yet still tan, sexy and natural looking. She did amazing work. She uses very high quality products, (ask for organic if that matters to you) and she knows exactly how to pose you to get the best result. I appreciated the fact that I didn't come away from the spray tan having that funky chemical smell afterwards. Sure, maybe after 12 hours that you have to wait before bathing, you'll start to smell a little spray tan aroma- but it's not unbearable. Then when you do shower and use very mild soap, all the bronzer washes off and you're left with a natural, warm brown glow. Its awesome. I would do this more often but it does get pricy and I think its best for special occasions. But the thing I appreciate about Nikki the most is her positivity. She opened this business to change people's lives. As cheesy as that may sound, she means it. She's genuine, she wants to help people and spread love and warmth one tan at a time. I appreciate her gusto. Its great to see someone as passionate as she is. This translates into her business ethic and of course leaves you, the awkward naked person posing like an Egyptian in her spray booth not feeling fat, ugly or weird. She really makes me feel more comfortable naked than I am even at home. Now, that's saying something.
5	Why is this tanning salon different? Nyki & the staff CARE & LOVE what they do for US customers. I had a warm welcome & was informed with what they have in detail.I've worked in 2 popular tanning salon companies in Henderson & Vegas; I felt it was just all about what we can sell. I've never had such natural golden brown look from a bed before until Purple Sunrise Tan. Obviously how YOU CARE for your tan at home or by what products you use will make a difference on how long your tan lasts & the texture appears. I love that with my color I can get away with no foundation!!I really like how there isn't 18yr olds working because they tend to be very lazy, not very informative, have attitude, & not clean the beds well. Yuck! Purple Sunrise Tan is a family & when I Redlight & Tan, this is time out of my day where I CAN RELAX, feel love & positivity, & finally do something for me that makes me look and feel beautiful. Don't be afraid to ask detailed questions! Make sure you're comfortable & understand what this investment for yourself will do & how payment work. You're going to love Nyki & her salon!!
5	Zen and the art of the tanning bed.  I have tanned before and my ex managed one and I can honestly say this one is not like the rest.  I was greated by the owner's fiance as Nyki was not there today.  Jake is a motivational speaker and certainly takes pride in the salon and its underlying concept.Jake showed me all the beds and the air brush room.  There are three tanning beds and 1 red light therapy bed plus the air brush room.  Many places call it spray tanning but here there are no spray machines, just the art of Nyki and her studio space.   They have super high intensity beds and basic beds.  Some very notable things that stood out are 1) Jake has extensive knowledge of the tanning process as well as the human mind. 2) The beds all look meticulously clean, new and in full service.  I can't tell you how many tanning places I have been where the beds have faded buttons, lights that are not working, or just look used.  Here, everything looks brand new.  3) The rooms are huge.  Most places minimize space to maximize the number of beds but here, you have room to move around without bumping into the bed, the table, the chair....  The rooms are decorated with themes instead of making you feel like you were in a janitor's closet.  You can write uplifting messages on the walls and are encouraged to do so as well as jot down positive thoughts which are then shared with Jake's school program where he speaks to kids with depression.    Finally, they take pride in the studio. You must remove your shoes and your negativity at the door.  I am glad I decided to check it out.They currently offer the following deals for Yelpers and possibly non-yelpers too.1) Free Hug. 2) $35.00 for $55.00 worth of tanning. This will get you 7 tans in the basic bed or 2 in their higher beds.3) Free first tan (a short one.)In addition you can either pay for a certain number of hearts to spend on the tanning machines or you can get monthly tanning.  One of the best things about it is they do month to month billing so you don't need to sign a long term deal to get the better prices.  The prices are reasonable and competitive with chain establishments.All in all, it was like stepping out of the real world for a few minutes.  If you are in Henderson and want to tan, this is the place you should go!.
5	High velocity beds with brand new bulbs, ran & operated by the owner. You will NOT burn in the beds here its amazing! Instead of going to 2 or 3 sessions at another salon, you can come hers& be perfectly dark&tan in just 1 session. They also have a red light therapy bed and custom airbrush tanning. I would recommend making an appointment before coming in. However, its more than just a tanning salon I would consider it to be more of a spiritual spa relaxation tanning salon... If that makes any sense. If you're looking for a unique tanning experience with great beds, I would highly recommend coming here! (P.s., use the post it notes&markers!-- now I've got you interested...)
5	Love going to tan here! I go in extremely stressed and come out relaxed and happy. Nyki and Jacob are amazing people and know exactly what to say to make you smile. You won't burn going here, they make sure to gradually get you to the color you want.
4	I am so happy with my decision to begin red light therapy and low intensity tanning at Purple Sunrise.  Having tried supplements to improve my vitamin D level and not wanting to scorch my fair skin in the hot Las Vegas sun, I researched area businesses and am truly blessed to have found Nyki's salon.  Her positive attitude and professionalism is well worth recognizing.  The salon's decor is reflective of her - upbeat and engaging.  It is a pleasure to spend time there.  After 3 weeks, I have more energy and a healthy glow.  Call now and make an appointment.  You will have a great experience.
5	This tanning salon is so rad and on point.  Nyki is awesome! She is a model business owner!  All business owners should be like Nyki.  I have had two custom spray tans there and also today I laid in the "red light therapy" bed...it was very euphoric and calming.The salon reminds me of a yoga studio because its very zen and calming, and just lots of positive energy. Best tanning place in Vegas!
5	My daughter's spray tan for homecoming turned out beautiful and natural! Nicky is wonderful and we will definitely be back for the next event:)
