3	3 stars for the food.  Was not in love with the chicken or beef.  I will order from here again though.  The noodles were decent.  Pretty much what you expect from a chinese food delivery place.  It got to our house in like 22 mins which was amazing!  and it was really hot. I will get the veggie lo mein next time.  The spring rolls were really good. And the service was very nice... sometimes that is enough these days to make you go back.   So service and quick delivery were huge plus.
2	I have been ordering from here for awhile.. I dont really like it and there are better options for chinese fast food. But they are fast and cheap which is why i usually order from them. Some of the dishes are really good. While most of the dishes seem like a very cheap ripoff of what they should be.  All the sauces taste like they came right out of a container, and for some reason they bread everything! Even the sesame chicken.I will order from here again but i will stick with the lo mein.
3	I never got to try it cause I was kicked out of the parking lot!I was meeting a friend here for dinner. I came before she did and decided to wait in my car till she arrives instead of sitting at a table by myself all awkwardly.I had mall cop (and elder male in a beige uniform) come park next to me. I looked up to see this guy staring into my car. I rolled down my window.  He asked what I was doing and I said I'm texting. He said that I can not park there and that I must leave. I said that I'm waiting for a friend so we can go eat. He said that I look like I'm going to "spend the night" there. Umm...I drive a late model luxury car. Trust me I don't fit the profile to be sleeping in a car in a parking lot in the not best part of town.I ended up texting my friend to meet elsewhere. The mall cop ended up escorting me out of the parking lot!Management should definitely talk to their landlord.
4	Really could go 3 1/2 but the fact that they are priced great and have chow fun in different variations has made me a fan.  Plus they deliver.
