3	its pretty hard to find really good chinese food, this place is the best i have tried so far (but im still on the hunt for a place worthy of 5 stars, just bcus chinese is something i could never get sick of). I recommend this for a take out night when you feel like having chinese at home, the place itself is nothing special. They are however very quick with call in orders and each time they have got the order right which is a plus and the prices are pretty cheap as well. large portions, you can split pretty much anything you order.  you gotta try the sesame chicken its the best and all their apps are good as well. until i come across something better this is my go to place for some chinese for now!
1	I heard a lot of good words about this place but I ended up having a terribly experience here so forgive me if this review sounds like more of a rant.Perhaps I just caught them on a bad day, but even still, it was quite possibly the worst Chinese dining experience I ever had.  I went on a Sunday at around 5PM. The place is really dark inside and i wish they had more lights on (Since there are lots of lights that were turned off).  It felt like a bar inside. The hostess was very nice, but after about 10 minutes waiting for someone to take my order, or heck, even bring me water or tea, I was starting to get frustrated already.  There were only about 4 other tables occupied, and I was wondering what the holdup was.  Eventually the hostess came back over to me and asked if I was still waiting to get my order taken.  I said yes, no one has come yet.  She said she would take my order and give it to my waitress. I was thinking, why can't my waitress just take it???  Regardless, I gave my order to the hostess, and she walked to the back of the room where my waitress was sitting the whole time reading a newspaper.  (Maybe she was on a break?)  She gave the order to her, and this somehow turned into the hostess screaming across the room to me.. "What did you order again?!" I was appalled but regardless I yelled back my order across the room.  Apparently, she couldn't hear and yelled again and asked if I said chicken or pork.  I was getting really bugged.  This is not the way ordering should work.  *facepalm.   I said chicken loudly across the room again, and finally I see the hostess go into the kitchen with my order, not my waitress! The hostess brought out my soup, and i asked her if she was going to be my waitress and she said no, "I'm just the hostess and your waitress is back there."  To make matters more confusing, a different waitress brought me my tea I have been waiting on.  I was regretting my decision to come here, but the soup was actually OK, and despite the horrible service thus far, if the rest of my food was good, I would be happy. That's all i wanted after all, just some good Chinese food.  I had ordered the Peking chicken, but I saw my waitress bring back something that definitely didn't look like Peking chicken (since its one of my favorite dishes other places) and when she set it down on my table, it looked and smelled horrible.  I asked if it was Peking chicken, and she said yes.  Anyway, the smell was really nasty.  Somewhat like a strong ketchup smell, and unfortunately, it tasted even nastier.  The chicken was extremely fatty and I couldn't even guess if it was chicken.  I really don't think it was.  The sauce it was swimming in was horrible too and like its smell, pretty much tasted like a strong concoction of ketchup and sugar.... It was the most horrible thing I tasted I couldn't finish more then half of it, and they don't give you much at all. If I had liked the dish, I would say it was very under-portioned compared to what you are used to getting at Chinese restaurants. At the end of my meal, I had such a horrible taste in my mouth, I just wanted to leave as soon as possible, chew gum, brush my teeth, or purge myself.  It was that bad. But I needed my bill.  Likewise, no one checked on me my whole meal, and now no one was bringing my bill.  My waitress was still sitting in the back of the room reading the newspaper, so i alerted the hostess to get my bill, and she went to the back of the room, got the bill off the waitress and the hostess brought it back to me!  What the heck!  My waitress didn't do anything. I left and slipped the hostess a few dollars, and I'll never go back again. Worst Chinese food I ever had, bad service, and under portioned. I don't say this often since people have varying opinions on what is good, but I really would say avoid this restaurant.
5	Old place, great food!  You won't find anything fancy here, but the food is just plain tasty! It's classic Chinese food, red lanterns, red booths and everything, tucked away in the corner of a half-dead strip plaza, which means plenty of parking!
4	This restaurant is a nice little hole in the wall. The food comes out fast, tastes great and there are large portions with small prices. The only downfall is the waiters who tend to take time to get to you for refills or any other help. All in all this is a great place for a quick inexpensive lunch.
4	I absolutely love this place. It's very inexpensive and one of my favorite Chinese Restaurants in the valley. Not the most appealing place to show up to, but the food is great and the service is fast. Can't get much more bang for your buck considering with every meal you get a cup of soup, an egg roll, or crab puffs. Can't go wrong here!
4	I love that you can order things w/ out msg here.My favorite thing has always been and will always be their sweet and sour chicken, old style. Its very important to order it this way. They new batter just does not compare.Their takeout staff is always great. Some waiters are more pleasant than others though.If you want an authentic Amer Chinese experience (from the decor to the food) go here.And who knows, you may even see a local celebrity. ;)
5	I've been coming to this place for the past decade and the food has always been consistently awesome.  I have yet to find a Chinese restaurant ANYWHERE that can make my favorite dish, Kung Pao chicken, as well as Golden Canyon.  So many places put celery in there for some awful reason, which is an automatic fail.  This is my go-to for American Chinese any time I'm itching for some take out.  The one thing I could suggest for improvement is to add green onion to the crab rangoons.  I can't give this place enough praise and I hope they are around for a very long time.
4	Ok-- pretentious Yelper's do not read or bother writing a review.  This place is what it is....AWESOME Asian food at a reasonable price. If you want a fine dining experience this is not it.  If you want consistently tasty, quick take out, or a casual meal at an affordable price this is your place.  A small family 'hole in the wall' but the food is alway good, hot, and tasty. They make me feel very welcome everytime I'm there and I don't mind sitting down to eat here if you take a laid back approach...enjoy your saki and Tsing Tsoa wait patiently for your food and enjoy the company around you.  Not everything needs to be so proper or uptight.  I don't want someone checking on me every five minutes.  If you haven't been there please do not let the bad reviews scare you away.  I have eaten here for the last five years and never been sick...neither has my husband.  It's good food and everyone can afford it.
4	This is one of my favorite Chinese restaurants in Arizona.  The food is always good, good size portions.  I love their crap puffs, and fried dumplings and often just order those for my meal.  Their General Chicken is great, you can ask for it mild if you so desire, as well as the Chicken Egg Foo Young!   As for the Soups... Hot and Sour, when I am not feeling well of allergies are bugging me that is what I order.  The food for the most part is consistent, on occasion, which really depends on if their cook is working or not, the food can come out a little different, but it is still good.  The service varies from time to time, depending on who is working, and how busy they are.  However for the price and amount of food you get, it is still worth it.  This is not your PF Chang's yuppie type Chinese food it is more your traditional Chinese hole in the wall type of place.  I have been eating here for over 12 years now, and still enjoy it.If you come here expecting PF Chang's you will be disappointed, but if you come here expecting a nice atmosphere, good food and a decent price.  This is your place.
4	Like any other Chinese place in the valley this place has its "Great" Dishes and it's "ok" dishes. With that being said the only way to order the chicken is " old style" ( it's a chicken breast fried and sliced) otherwise the chicken is battered and fried. As a patron who has been coming here for 20+ years I am partial to this place however my review will be very HONEST. There are times the wait staff is slow. There are times the food portions are smaller. The food quality is always good and if there is a mistake they are very quick to make things right.
2	Have been coming to Golden Canyon for at least 20 years.  The food has always been exceptional but the service has been poor at best.  Ate there again this week and the food was excellent. HOWEVER, the service was terrible!!!!!   There were only 6 people eating in the restaurant but the service was very slow, the waitress disappeared after delivering our meal, and never checked to see if everything was correct or if we were happy.  My husband gave explicit instructions about having his appetizers with his meal but she delivered it with my appetizers.The staff were sitting around talking rather than checking on the customers and carrying on like it was a gab session.  Very poor staff training.  My husband and I are giving it some thought as to wether or not want to return.
5	This place is amazing in a way that makes it's glaring faults meaningless. The Orange Chicken, Walnut Shrimp, Lemon Chicken, and Honey Chicken are all what great Americanized Chinese food should be. The fried rice and white rice are both always just right, and the soups are always hot and delicious. Their crab puffs have just the right mix of cream cheese and crab, and the egg rolls are pretty darn good as well.I mean, sure, the people who work here obviously don't like you, but they at least put in a TV recently, to replace the old creepy year round Christmas music. The tacky carts they bring the food on are off-putting at first, but after a few trips and a few delicious meals, the cacophony of sound from the old cart creates a Pavlovian reaction. Now the sound of a rickety cart across a hard floor makes me hungry!
5	Golden Canyon is one of my favorite Asian restaurants in Arizona. When I lived in this area a few years ago, their dinner specials were often a guilty pleasure for my far too frequently. I have only eaten in once or twice but the take-out was always extremely delicious and steaming hot! The amount of food you get for the money is almost criminal.At the time when I was frequenting Golden Canyon most often we would see the owners often enough that she always spent time chatting with us and made the extra effort to learn our names and get to know us. I even invited her to my wedding! This is the type of business owner that communities need! Beyond that though, the food is consistently great and I have never had a terrible experience. It's not exactly fine dining but it is mouth-wateringly good Chinese food on a very small budget.
1	Have been coming to Golden Canyon for at least 20 years.  The food has always been exceptional but the service has been poor at best.  Ate there again this week and the food was excellent. HOWEVER, the service was terrible!!!!!   There were only 6 people eating in the restaurant but the service was very slow, the waitress disappeared after delivering our meal, and never checked to see if everything was correct or if we were happy.  My husband gave explicit instructions about having his appetizers with his meal but she delivered it with my appetizers.The staff were sitting around talking rather than checking on the customers and carrying on like it was a gab session.  Very poor staff training.  My husband and I are giving it some thought as to wether or not want to return.Went there to give it one more try. Service was better than before but still mediocre at best. The Orange Chicken had very little sauce and couldn't be eaten over rice because it was so dry. Chicken was way overlooked. Had to ask several times for our wine & water.   Hubby's Lemon Chicken had very little sauce also and was dry.   Probably last time there. After all these years the place has gone downhill.
5	I've been here several times and the food is consistently Amazing! It's hot, fresh and always tasty. Every time I come here I order something different and I've never been disappointed. Great service and take out as well. The price is average or low, for the quality it's unbeatable. I've been to a lot of bad Chinese restaurants, this is not one of those places.  5 stars on food quality and 4 1/2 on service. If you love good food, be sure and give this place a chance!
4	My family and I have been going here for over 20 years and have enjoyed it for about that long. Through a lot of different owners, chefs, and workers we have stayed pretty faithful. It has dipped a little in recent years but we still love this place.
1	I have been coming here for many years. The food have 99% of the time been so good. I usually do take out. Because of the language barrier they can seem a little rough around the edges. I am rating strictly on my experience today with take out. The food was excellent, the service was ridiculous. I walked in to get my food which was sitting there. There were 2 people at one table in the restaurant and no workers in site. After standing there a couple of minutes, I opened the door to see if it had a bell on it. Don't think so. But then in the far back corner with their back turned to me I see movement. A guy watching tv while he is eating. He took his sweet time and got up and headed to the front. Didn't say hi, just named my food and the dollar amount. I jokingly said you guys need a bell. He handed me my change and food and didn't respond and proceeded to leave the front desk before I even turned to leave. He didn't say thank you or nothing. As he walked away I said "thank you" sarcastically. Seriously, how rude. I am so sorry I was interrupting his dinner... If I get customer service like this one more time, I will NEVER be back - yes good food or not - nothing aggravates me more than lazy bad customer service. This guy should not be allowed up at the front desk until he learns the urgency of a customer coming in and his manners.
4	I gots me a Jones for General Tso's Chicken. Great place for Chinese food. My wife and I have a ritual where we go to get a massage at Fiesta Mall then we dine on delicious Chinese food. Plenty of food for the money.
3	I used to go here as a kid with my dad at least once a month and our staple meal was as follows:-A cup of wonton soup that had a rich, brown broth, hearty wontons with tender meat, and these lush dark green, leafy vegetables that I ate happily even though I was a very picky child who didn't care much for vegetables.-A huge eggroll that would spill out vegetables and ground pork with a flavor I couldn't identify then, but in retrospect I'm pretty sure they had a hint of nutmeg.  They were so big you had to eat them with a fork because picking them up to dunk them in their deep red, rich sweet and sour sauce looked a bit clumsy.-Shared Broccoli Chicken or beef with meat so tender it defined what "melt in your mouth" meant to me as I had never had meat like that before.  The broccoli was perhaps overcooked to some people's standards, but again, for a kid with picky vegetable tastes, it was always perfect for me.  I still like my broccoli well done and soft.-Fried rice that was a hearty dark brown, not this orange or yellow pale color you find at most places.  It was filled with egg, peas, carrots, onion, and bean sprouts.  Amazing.In my 20s I took my boyfriend to Golden Canyon and we both discovered their huge crab puffs that was just full of crab and not just a fried cream cheese puff.  These went with the fantastic sweet and sour sauce perfectly.As an adult, my tastes expanded so I discovered that their tender chicken was also found in their lightly fried Lemon Chicken as well and the lemon sauce tasted unreal with their fried rice.I haven't lived in the Mesa area now for about 11 years and I'm not entirely sure how long it's been since I've been able to make my way over there, but tonight I found myself in the area and went to pick up some take out.  Knowing I wouldn't most likely be back for a long time, I decided to pick up two meals so I'd have some leftovers and could drag out my enjoyment.I was looking forward to tasting all of my old favorites and this is what I found:-Wonton soup with a dark, rich broth with pale leafy bok choy and small wontons with very little meat inside.-Egg rolls half the size that they used to be, sad skinny things with a poor balance of dough to filling.  And I don't know where the nutmeg went, but it's not in here.  and their dark red sweet and sour sauce is now a brownish orange.-Tiny crab puffs with a faint trace of crab.-Broccoli beef that was as tender as I remember, with far more garlic than any dish should ever have.  And I'm Italian... I love garlic.-Dark, flavorful fried rice... absent of peas, carrots, and sprouts... and very little egg.-Lemon chicken with one full breast of chicken.... with no breading. NONE. And additional breast pieces from another breast with very light breading, that wasn't anything like the previous kind of breading.I am so disappointed that the food I loved for over 20 years is just gone at this point.  It's clear that while raising their prices (which of course I'm fine with, I understand inflation) they also removed most of their high quality ingredients and minimized their portions.  That being said, the meal, overall (except the lemon chicken) was still better than most places that deliver.  The wonton soup's broth outdoes anyone elses that I've had over here in Chandler.  The sweet and sour sauce, though different than what I remember, was still rather tasty.  The meat is still tender, not that tough garbage you find so often and similar places.  If you live nearby, I'd say this is a good option for a decent Chinese meal.   Which is why I gave it 3 stars.I won't recommend the crab puffs at all.  They were wimpy, crabless, and too sweet.  The fried rice still had a great flavor, but I really miss the other ingredients. My biggest disappointment has been the eggrolls.  Raising the price and cutting the portion in half is a low thing to do to customers and honestly it makes me not even want to go back myself because I feel cheated.  It's the part of the meal I was most looking forward to only to find the skinny, poor excuse for an eggroll in the bag.I won't likely return again, after over 20 years of loving this place so much, I'm a bit disillusioned by this new reality.  Perhaps I'll check the reviews again in a few years and see if anyone has noted any improvement, but otherwise... I bid you farewell... Chinese restaurant of my childhood.
3	Tucked away in the complex corner and a little hard to find. Came here with a friend to check out the specials. Plus it is close to my work. Nice!Inside has the basic Chinese theme going on with lighting that could be improved. It was hard to see the menu and even the food. Now where is my trusty flashlight app?Ordered the Hunan Beef lunch special and my friend went with something that had sweet and sour sauce. It may have been Lemon Chicken. They both came out with a small cup of the soup of the day. That day it was Egg Drop with small pieces of corn in it.The food was basically the standard Americanized deal. The sauces are pretty heavy and you end up finishing your plate with a spoon. Both dishes were good and could easily be ordered for take out and it would probably not make much of a difference.Service was decent with a small language barrier. It was fun watching them deliver the different orders to the tables. They had a small push cart and it would travel slowly around the room. The best part to this restaurant is the value. The prices are very reasonable and the portions are rather large. Give them a visit and see what you think. FORTUNE COOKIE SAYS ... !3.25 STARS
2	We have been going to Golden Canyon Chinese for 17 years. The first 10 years were awesome and then they changed recipes with the sweet and sour chicken.  They would ask "old style or new style" now it's just new style...which are beer battered fried chicken lumps. The egg drop soup frightens me now...lots of corn starch and corn. Hardly a veggie in their food. I decided yesterday's visit was our last. Thanks for the memories Golden Canyon Chinese food...you used to be the best!
