5	As a first-time home buyer I was... well, anxious, clueless, and needy (to put it mildly!)  Danny was not only available at the drop of a text, but he also offered me honest counsel as to why I should NOT buy some of the houses that we viewed.  He was also very patient and communicative during a very challenging negotiation with a seller.Ultimately, I ended up with a house I LOVE that has appreciated substantially in the 8 months I've owned it.  Can't recommend this guy enough to any other first-time buyers who need a lot of support in navigating the process.
5	You know the dad, Phil, on Modern Family? The one who is tirelessly passionate about residential real estate? That's Daniel.Whether you're a first-time homebuyer, an investor, or a seller, the Myriad Real Estate Group is an excellent go-to for all of your real estate needs! Daniel and Skyler are both seasoned realtors who go the extra mile to help their clients through every step of the home buying or selling process.Daniel is extremely friendly, professional, and organized - you can tell he truly cares about finding the perfect home for his clients. He is also very patient - an excellent quality for a realtor - you will never feel rushed into making a decision. He and Skyler are very available and willing to work with you, even if you have a hectic schedule. Since they are part of a team, even if one of them is busy, there is always someone available to step in and help make sure you're taken care of.When you're buying a home, especially a new build, it's easy to get taken advantage of or lose money if you're not well represented. It's important to have a seasoned realtor on your side to make sure you're interests are being protected. Even after the home-buying process is complete, Daniel is available and happy to provide valuable contacts that you can use as a homeowner. I would highly recommend the Myriad Real Estate Group!
5	Go with Myriad if you want an honest and personal home-buying experience.  100% satisfied working with Daniel.
5	Danny and Skyler are not only valued and trusted business contacts to us but have become close friends as well. We have had the pleasure to work with Danny for approximately 6 years now and can honestly say that he has never once disappointed us. Not only are these guys honest and honorable business men but they are extremely creative, savvy and enjoyable to work with. They are always professional and it is easy to see they love what they do and have a genuine desire to make their clients happy and meet their individual needs. We highly recommend them to anyone looking to buy or sell a house. We personally would not trust anyone else for our buying and selling needs!
5	I had bought and sold my last home in 2003, so after more than a decade of renting you could say that I was a little rusty when it came to the ins and outs of purchasing again. That being said I can't begin to describe how amazing Danny and Skyler were to work with when I decided to jump back into home ownership. Danny was always available at the drop of a hat to take me to listings and worked around my schedule, which mostly left us looking on Sundays. He was extremely knowledgeable in every aspect of the home buying experience and was even able to give me recommendations on improvements to homes that didn't quite fit into the mold of what I was looking for. It was refreshing to work with someone that had my best interest in mind and was focused on finding me the right house and not just in it to close another deal. Danny recommended a great inspector and even a plumber to camera the main line since I was buying an older home, something I would never have thought of. After close we ran into a small issue that was missed on the inspection report and Danny negotiated with the seller to come make the repair at no cost to me! I can't thank them enough for making this experience a great one and I will always recommend Danny, Skyler, and the Myriad Group to anyone looking to purchase a home!
5	Skyler and Danny at Myriad Real Estate are absolutely great to work with. They are extremely knowledgeable about the local market and passionate about what they do. You can tell right away that they will will go the extra mile for their clients, something that makes a world of difference in this business. Purchasing a home can be a very stressful event but the team at Myriad makes sure to help you every step along the way. I highly recommend Myriad Real Estate.
5	I have worked with Daniel in the past and highly recommend he, Skylar and the rest of the Myriad team. If you're looking for a knowledgable, hard working and most importantly PATIENT realtor who looks out for you, Daniel is your guy! I feel completely comfortable referring Daniel and his team to any of my friends, family and colleagues looking for their next dream home!
5	Not only did Danny meet every expectation of a realtor he far exceeded all expectations. The home buying process wasn't the smoothest for us due to several odd circumstances that no one could predict but Danny met every challenge we threw his way and he guided us through the process, even the not so fun stressful stuff. He was organized and attentive and always made us feel like a priority. We got our dream home thanks to Danny! I highly recommend Danny, Skylar and Myriad Realty in general!
5	I hired Skyler and the Myriad team for their Real Estate Investment advisory services and it continues to put a positive cash flow in my bank every month!! I knew I wanted to invest in real estate but there were so many different options and opinions. It seemed like everyone I talked to was their own personal expert and quite frankly it was overwhelming and stressful. Skyler and his team were a breath of fresh air! These guys were young but experienced. Smart but fun! And most importantly, they were laser focused on producing results. They helped me analyze my current situation, understand the risks and rewards with different real estate investment scenarios and most importantly, taught me how to understand the numbers. It made me look at real estate in an entirely new way, "passive income!" My recommendation? Use them today, or regret not doing it tomorrow.
5	I have worked with Daniel Brown and I strongly endorse his level of professionalism and enthusiasm, while working with his clients in the field of real estate. He performs his job with passion and maintains ethical standards that are extremely rare in the real estate business. He truly cares about his clients and works hard to make their dreams a reality.
5	I have had the wonderful opportunity to work directly with Katrina , she is a true professional who is passionate about her clients and their needs.  Katrina worked alongside my team at many educational events and business planning meetings.  Her support was key to our success!  We were so lucky to have her on our team and I look forward to working with her and her new team at Myriad Real Estate Group.
5	Helpful, dependable - Danny follows up and exceeded expectations.  I would highly recommend this team.
5	I LOVE working with this team! They always go above and beyond for clients. They work all througout the valley helping buyers and sellers figure out their best real estate strategy. They are great negotiators and very detailed. I would hightly recommend them.
5	I have known Daniel for the past 14 years. He's a very knowledgeable and experienced in the real estate business. He enjoys his job and strives to exceed his clients expectations. You are in great hands with Myriad Real Estate and can expect a great end result.
5	I don't write many reviews on Yelp, but I have to give it up to Myriad Real Estate Group. Skyler has been amazing to work with and has exceeded my expectations.  He is extremely knowledgeable about all things real estate and he really does go above and beyond to make sure that everyone is comfortable and happy.  I can't say enough good things about the Myriad Real Estate team.  I would highly recommend them to anyone looking to buy or sell their home!
5	The Myriad Real Estate Group is the right way to to go. The team is amazingly professional and knowledgeable. I have the utmost confidence in the team's ability to deliver every-time. I would not look elsewhere for any of my real estate needs.
5	I had a fantastic experience working with Katrina and the professionals at Myriad.  I relocated from the East Coast and Katrina went out of her way to make sure that the experience was as seamless as possible.  She took the time to understand the criteria important to me and did her best to target potential matches based on the feedback.   The level of professionalism from the folks at Myriad is outstanding and I would look to work with them again.
5	We found Danny, Skyler and the whole Myriad team on Yelp and we were very impressed with their professionalism, knowledge of the market and the ability to find homes that met our needs.  We were from out of town so we had limited time to view homes when we visited Scottsdale.  Danny did a great job showing my family and I over 40 homes on each of two weekend trips and he was able to help us hone in on both the areas and types of homes that would meet our needs.  From our pre-interview on the phone with Skyler to the home viewings with Danny as well as their assisting us with  the closing process...we couldn't be happier with our choice in Realtors.  If you are looking for a new home (or selling your current home) in the Scottsdale/Phoenix area, I highly suggest Myriad as your Realtor since their personal service, attention to detail and hard work and dedication in helping their clients delivers results by making the process simple and hassle free.Thanks especially to Danny for all of his time and effort from start to finish..and beyond as he has checked in with our family numerous times since we closed on our new home.We couldn't be happier in our choice of Realtors!
5	Let me tell you a story about why Daniel is your man if you want a new home. The scene - 2013, a sweltering, hot, typical Phoenix summer day. A young resident doctor contacts a new real estate agent using the magical powers of Yelp in his air conditioned home. He is originally from California, you see, and this heat makes him feel like he's on another planet. I digress... The agent is warm, friendly, and the conversation sounds akin to contacting a long-lost friend. It's as if he already knows the agent, but they've never met. From there begins a hunt of epic proportions and the agent man never loses patience, always working hard to find his client his dream home, and provides valuable, honest, and sincere advice along the way. Fast forward 150 home visits, way beyond what most people would call "normal", and the pair of finally walk into the perfect home. It's a match made in heaven, and soon thereafter the client is the proud owner of a beautiful, new home. He couldn't have been happier with the experience. The process was smooth, almost effortless. The story doesn't end here, as the agent stays a close friend, and one day calls his client to wish him a happy one year anniversary on the purchase of his new home. I can't believe a year has gone by since I bought my home. As you guessed, the young, resident doctor melting in the heat was me, and Daniel was my agent. I couldn't have been more pleased with the process. Daniel was courteous, friendly, kind, extremely knowledgeable and patient. Everything went smoothly and he was there every step of the way, even stepping in and going above and beyond to make sure I was buying the best house and getting the best deal. Hopefully, my story has convinced you to give Myriad a call for your next home buying experience. You won't be disappointed.
5	I can't say enough great things about Myriad Real Estate Group. I had the pleasure of working with Danny when we bought our home in Ahwatukee. He made sure he understood exactly what we wanted regarding location and house criteria. In addition, he was personable, professional, and had great follow-up skills. I would highly recommend Myriad Real Estate Group to anyone who is looking to buy or sell a home in the Phoenix Valley!!
5	I have known Danny for a few years.  I also personally know quite a few other agents.  But when it came time to get serious about finding a home, Danny was my obvious choice.  He had the same taste in homes and benefits of location I do, but most importantly, he isn't motivated by "making the sale".  His priority is finding you the right house, and once he does, he makes the entire process as smooth as possible.If you haven't seen the inner workings of a real estate transaction, all I can say is that it's like watching sausage get made.  Danny took care of everything, positioning my wife and I right with sellers, and we ended up with smooth buying experience.My wife and I welcomed our daughter a week after closing, and as you could imagine - buying a house and having a kid at the same time is stressful!  Danny stuck by every step after closing with recommendations for contractors, etc. and keeping me sane while we made our house a home.I would recommend Danny and his team in a heart beat!
