5	his facility is amazing. Dr. Ryan was very informative and gives you a visual look at what the problem is on your x-rays and lets your really feel involved in the whole situation rather then just having the doctor look at you and crack a couple joints. I needed immediate help, since I was at work and was not able to do anything with the pain I was having. I was able to get an appointment with in 30 minutes and back at work with in a few hours (being it was my first appointment and had to get all the basics out of the way to get going). With the service I received, there is no doubt in my mind that I will be back at his office the next time that I need to receive treatment.
5	What can I say Ryan makes this place, the staff is awesome too.i have come in there several times with my back complete out and this staff makes me back on my feet with no pain in 1 to 3 visits. I highly recommend this place!
5	Dr. Ryan and his staff are not only exceptionally friendly but good grief are they awesome!  I would highly recommend them to anyone.  Not just for that random pain in the neck, but for quality maintenance.  Teresa and Art are both amazing for massages too.  Prices, if you don't have insurance are insanely affordable.  He wants everyone to be able to benefit from chiropractic care, not just people who have coverage.  Highly recommend!  :-)
5	Can't say enough about how great Ryken is.  We have grown up with them since our kids were very young.  It just keeps getting better and better and always improving their services and layout.  The other day our daughter popped out her first and second RIB and was miserable for days which concerned us a great deal.  She complained about her shoulder though so it really through us off.  Unlike Urgent care who wanted her to Ice and take pills, Dr Ryan picked up on what was wrong right away.  A few pops later and my daughter was so relieved.  I've been going to chiropractors since I was a young kid and Ryken is by far the best of the best.  They care and take time with patients which is rare these days.
5	I've been to many chiropractors. This store is further from my house than another that I sometimes go to, but I much prefer Ryken's.  If it were closer, I'd go much more frequently.  I like that the Doctor doesn't try to sell me on plans.  I go in, he adjusts me, I pay and I walk out.  It's a big nice room, I don't feel cramped, and I never have to wait more than 7 mins to get adjusted.The best Chiropractor around.
5	I had been struggling with chronic back pain for over a year. This place gave me the diagnosis & treatment that I prayed for! The relief was almost instantaneous! Dr. Ryan & his staff are amazing!
5	WOW!  This is the best Chiropractic office I have ever visited, everyone there is friendly and professional. I was virtually crippled by back issues, Dr. Hicks and his team worked miracles and now I am back to my previous self. Great people, great facility. Thanks to the all!
