4	This Lush used to be on St. Catherine West, right next ot Mr. Steer, and one of "those" lap dance places, now it's located in the Eaton Centre mall. It now looks a bit cramped, and the staff jump all over you even more than before, but at least you can get very quick service. The stock is still the same,now with a new perfume and cosmetic line. Prices are on the high side, but you're supposed to be getting all "natural" and hand made products. Check the ingredients, some are more natural than others. Overall, never had any negative reactions to the products, but I only use the ones I know I won't have any problems with; I especially LOVE their massage bars, the "therapy" is the all natural and vegan, the "each a peach and pear", is also very nice,their solid shampoos are drying, love the silky underwear body powder, and their freshly made face masks, which come in every Thursday and sell out quickly.
5	Probably the best Lush experience I have ever had in the world or at least in North American. Everyone is friendly and always happy to offer you hand treatments and samples at the end of your purchase. I wish I could remember names but everyone went beyond customer service. I even came for a second time in less then 3 days. They even gave me an empty container to but excess product due to the fact that I was flying out. I seriously remember this Lush location and experience I had and I do want to come back for sure and recommend this location in Eaton Centre. Also since I love stuff for my hands, body, face, smells, etc I even love it more.
4	This Lush store is super cramped, it gets a lot of foot traffic for being right at the metro level in the mall. They seem to have less selection than their old location on St Catherine a few blocks away - I noticed many of the products like bath bombs and bubble bars were placed in crates on the floor, away from eyesight so you have to bend down and search for what you want. There's an overall lack of space yet they usually have 5 or 6 sales people who are all very eager to recommend and demonstrate their products - you're actually better off going when it's busy if you don't want to be harassed.Lush products are awesome, if you've never tried one of their super fragrant and fun concotions, you're really missing out!I'm a big fan of their bubble bars, crumble just a bit, or the whole thing under running water and you'll experience the most luxurious foam bath ever!Everything they make is truly one of a kind but products are expensive and rarely go on sale. This is the kind of place I'll shop at to treat myself or someone special.
