3	This is where I do all of my banking. Its never really busy except for Fridays because of payday. They now have a rent a cop on duty probably because a few other banks in the area have been robbed.I have been considering switching banks only because B of A is planning on charging a fee for every debit transaction beginning next year.
2	I've been a B of A customer since 2004, and I have no idea why I haven't left them years ago. The tellers for general banking needs are usually pretty polite, but anytime I have any other question or issue, I've always walked away more confused and frustrated than before. Every once in a while I'll experience great service, but it's very rare.I just moved to this side of town, so I went to this location for the first time. I wanted to ask why I all of a sudden started being charged $6 a month for on-line banking while I was living abroad, hoping to get a refund or at least make sure I would stop getting charged.The phony high school student working as a bank representative there did stop the charges, I'll give him credit for that. (This requires signing up for a new "free" banking system that requires you to use your B of A credit card once a month or face a $15 fee. And no, on-line purchases don't count. Go figure.)  But when I asked about refunds or at least finding out why my account changed without my knowledge, he said something about his computer being down and that he would call me within the week to let me know.It's been a month now. Guess if I've heard from him. I was also supposed to get new checks for getting the new account. Nope! Not yet, anyway!Since I've been a B of A customer I've dealt with $1400 in bank fraud, (which they refunded and then suddenly took back out of my account when a representative made a typo on the amount,) have received checks with the wrong account number on them and then denied new checks when I didn't bring one in for proof, have been denied a bank letter required for a student visa, have been charged fees for not having money in an account I'd already closed, and countless other annoyances that are unacceptable for banking.I was hoping this branch would be better! Disappointed as usual! I know basically everyone is disatisfied with their bank in some way, but does anyone have any suggestions for when I finally decide to leave the dark side? Chase? Desert Schools?
1	This location makes me want to change banks. The ATM's are a down about 50% of the time and if you need to go inside plan on waiting in line for a half hour or more. They NEVER have enough tellers! And the lazy manager there does nothing but stand around and watch people work. I hate this bank! I really really need to go somewhere else!
