4	Rok at the hotel New York, New York in Las Vegas just opened a couple weekends ago.  I was brought here by Kevin and Steve, and actually really enjoyed the place.  We had a nice big couch and table on the outside patio, which was awesome so we were able to stay cool and breathe some fresh air.  The outside patio has a different D.J. from the inside of the club, which is cool because you can bounce between the two if you don't like what one may be playing at the moment.  The servers here were really awesome, were chatty with us, but not in that "we want your money kind of way," and really attentive.  This place also has a co-ed bathroom, but more women's stalls then mens, which was kind of comical to see a line for the guys, but there usually wasn't one for the girls.  Of course, it has the girls in lingerie, the girls in the windows dancing, the girls on the tables in the club dancing, but its Vegas, what do you expect?  I liked my experience there, and next time I'm in town, I'll try to make it back.
4	Let's start at 5 stars: Brought in for free by a Rok Bar promoter, Philip.  He scouted us EARLY, meaning at the pool at like 12 noon!  We were a group of like 7 girls.- Rok is MUCH smaller than most Las Vegas clubs (neutral)- Shots of chilled house vodka are $12 -- pricier than Tabu (minus one star)- They eff up the music!  They will start an AWESOME song, so you get all excited and get your groove on, then 10 seconds into it, the DJ will mash it up into another AWESOME song, so you figure OK well I love this song too! Then another 10 seconds later he does it again and you get frustrated!!  (minus one star)- It never got so crowded in here that dudes were grinding up on me just because there isn't enough space to really dance (plus one star)- The bartender kept serving me despite the fact I was obviously intoxicated.  And even the dudes in the bathroom pushing your soap dispenser and getting towels for you were leaning back, you know "lean back, lean back, lean back" hahaha (plus one star) - At about 2 a.m. the music began REPEATING!  Big no-no.  (minus one star)We end up at 4 stars I think?  So totally worth it if you're a girl, totally worth it if you're a guy and didn't have to wait too long.  Totally worth it for both sexes if you like hip-hop and danceable rock (think "So what, I am a rock star...")
4	Normally I try to avoid the "new" clubs in Vegas because they're usually packed with a bunch of pretentious people hoping to see or be seen rubbing elbows with Paris Hilton or some other celeb.This place was a pleasant surprise.  We ran into a guy on the Strip who was apparently one of their promotion people.  He gave us his card and when we showed up that evening he let my wife in free and I only had to pay $15.  Not to mention he brought us to the front of the line.  Shockingly there was no b.s. and the guy followed through with everything he promised that morning.On top of that, the bartender(s) were also very good.  Unlike some of the trendier spots, it is very easy to get a drink in this place.  The club has a bit smaller and intimate feel, but it still doesn't feel as much like a sardine factory as others.  The music was great too.  Lots of creative mixes you don't hear at your typical clubs, living up to the "Rok" name.If you're in Vegas and looking for a good club experience without the hassle, I definitely recommend checking this place out.
1	There have been many nights where I've walked away wondering "wtf happened?" And after going to the Rok I ask myself that question once again trying to figure out how the hell this club happened to make it in Vegas. Vegas night clubs have a lot of hype to live up to and I'm disappointed to say that this one failed to deliver. From what Rok promoter Matt G. had described, Rok Vegas was "the hottest club on the Strip". WRONG!! For what you pay for a table and bottle service you should just go to TAO or any club on the strip for that matter. The tables and VIP section are ridiculously small and uncomfortably crowded. My friends and i were basically seated in the middle of the crowded dance floor! Servers were initially friendly, I'll give them that much. But as the night went on they became less attentive taking longer to take our orders and get our drinks. As far as the alcohol goes, the mixed drinks were inconsistent either being too strong or not strong enough. Music can either make or break a night at a club, and once again Rok Vegas falls flatly on its face. The DJ didn't seem to have any clear direction with his song selections with a style reminiscent of a high school mixed tape. If you're down for some cheap thrills, then this is the place for you. But if you want a real clubbing experience without the bull, pick anything but Rok. And just a tip: the clubs that are worth going to in Vegas don't need promoters hunting you down while chillin' poolside.
2	Its not that big but it gets the job done.  Got to the club around 11pm and there was a HUGE line, we baught a table though and our entire group walked right on it with ease.   Dennis Quaid and Brittny Gastinaeu were sitting right near us which was kind of cool.  The prices are fair, we had a great table off to the side so i have no complaints.   Bathrooms were very accessible.   Our mixers were always filled and glasses fully stocked.  Decent time, not one of the popular clubs in Vegas though.
1	This place sucks! I went with a group of friends and stayed at New York New York. We were invited by one of their PRs to their soft open and he said we would get in for free; however, this was not the case. We were tricked into getting bottle service so that we would not have to pay for admission. We went in with 15 people and had to pay about 1300 bucks for bottle service. Although we got two personal bartenders, they sucked at making drinks. The music was terrible and the club was nothing special. You would have to pay me to step foot in there again.
1	Whoah.It was insane.... but not the type I might ever wish on someone.  More like Jacob's Ladder...the crowd was a wreck.  The inside of the place on the bigscreen outside would drive off anyone.... freaky freaking of wasted people falling down and dressed like.... terrible, terrible dressers.  All sizes four sizes too tight.  ALL.. .men and women.Very not cool.  Made me very undude.You want to participate in the destruction of the world club scene through bottle service... yeah... thanks. anyhoo... expensive and dumb.  Stay away.
2	We were waiting in line for about 30 mins for and empty-ish lounge? club" what are you?
1	I am not even going to waste my time or your time in going on about how sad this place is. You're better off going to Tabu at MGM, trust me. This place could have such better potential, maybe actually going through all the way with the "rock" image. But what do I know? All the nightclubs in Vegas are the same...
2	We stood in line for an hour expected a great club. Free passes were all over the casino on the counters of food places. So at least we got in free. The dancers were of course hot and all the men just stared at them. The bartenders work super fast. A bud light cost $7 each. Sex on the beach drink in small glass $12. The club is super super small. When you're standing in line, you imagine it's a big club, because they made us stand in line forever. The music was a mix of everything. Hip hop, rock, everything and it was really good. We went on a Wednesday night and it got packed, but mostly men in their late 20s to 30s. Typical men who were just trying to find a one night stand. My husband and I didn't care for this place and we're 26. Probably should have gone to Tryst or something.
4	Loved my night at Rok Vegas. First things first, this is one of the only clubs I know of that offers 1/2 bottle service. Brilliant. I came here with a girlfriend the night we checked into NYNY-called before we went down to club to make sure we could buy bottle service, and when we got to the club, waited 30 seconds, walked right past the long line outside, and were seated in a raised VIP section.  Perfect seats for 2 girls because we were close enough to all the action, but just private enough that we weren't being danced all over on the main floor.Loved the music-basically top 40 mash-ups all night.  Great VIP hosts-super attentive.And def worth the money.  We paid $200 ($100 ea) for a 1/2 bottle top shelf vodka.  This bought our cover, seat, and drinks alllll night. Bathrooms were easy to get to and were maintained, even into the morning hours. Also, met a fab group of British boys on holiday, who we ended up spending the rest of our trip with...loved it!
1	Mmm...do not think I will ever go back to this place again.  Our party only went because we were at nine fine irish men and they offered free cover.  But inside, you will find a small, dank crevice of a space with coed bathrooms.  The crowd I experienced was seedy and shady to match the environment.  GO SOMEWHERE ELSE~!
4	2.14.09: I know what you're thinking, why is she giving this place four stars? Well, my friends were promoting this place, so the djs, the dancers and so forth was all from LA. I'm a crazy hip hopper and I love majority of our djs. So when the music is consistently good, I have a good time too.I seriously admit that I didn't expect much from this place. But once I walked in I really like the TVs all around the dance floor. Instead of strobe-lights they had tv with lights..The dance floor was a little too small. I think they should have taken out the middle go go dancer section. That took up unnecessary space. They already had space for the hot dancers up on stage.My favorite part of the place was their outside. It had nice comfy white sofa like couches to lounge in and their own bar. Although it was cold and I'm glad no one reserve the tables outside because we got to sit down and relax a little. My favorite DJ played outside and of course he was badass. The music was so good people were dancing and having fun in the freaking cold. I like the bartender who was at the outside patio because the ones inside was just too freaking slow. The restrooms was not properly designed. I like the Co-ed Style but they had equal amount of stalls for guys and girls..hmmm.. whats wrong with that? Everyone knows girls freaking take forever! So the lines were always ridiculously long and looking at the guy side I wanted to go in their stalls but of course the people attending the restrooms didn't allow it. Overall this place has potential. It's a great club. However based on their own dj and go go dancers versus the promotion groups that night, They need a little bit more work. The place was crowded and I believe that's due to the promoters from LA, not in Vegas. Based on previous reviews the place seemed like it was slow, but hey after this event people would frequent ROK! The people upfront were not assholes, so that's a big plus. I would avoid the crazy lines at Tao and come here instead. Have a blast!
3	I don't think my boys liked this place very much but I did. it's obviously way over priced at $50 a piece. we were able to get in 3 people for $80 total so we decided to give it a shot on our last night in vegas. we had recently been to tabu so it couldn't get worse. I'm not sure if the prices were so high because lil' wayne was supposed to be there or not. This place was hella hood. the good thing about that is that they played good music. There was some ghetto ass dood on the mic yelling "YALL MU'FU$%AS READY FOR LIL WAYNE!?!?!" but he actually never seemed to perform or show up. we left around 3:30am and no sign of him yet. That was totally fine by me. Next time I'm bringing back the old Hood Bryan for this place.
3	The ROK ROCKS!  I visited this club in March 09 for the first time and I thought it was a decent club.  Fedde Le Grand also rencently played here.  It must have been RAM JAM that night as it is a smaller club.  The bar area can tend to get crowded but there is an outside bar also with smoking area.  Not that I smoke but its good to cater to the needs of others.  Please tell the chubbies on the gogo box in the center of the dance floor that its just not cool to see you drop it like its hot up there.I would have given this place an extra star but again we got the hard sell for a VIP table at the front of the line.  We were rollin 5 deep all guys but we were already getting in free so why get a table.  I really just wanted to check the place out as it was our first visit and we were also considering hopping to another club after a few.  By midnight the place was poppin off.  I do want to go back again.
3	It's literally rock-n-roll!  I like how it was free before 12 and how it brings you back to the 80s!The crowd is not that diverse, though.
1	So I can't say too much this place. Went to Vegas and part of the reason we wanted to go there was because they were doing a tribute (if you will) to San Diego. A band or radio station was there (not exactly sure). Well, first of all, during the day we went to find out the cover and dress code so we would be appropriate. Well, they gave us tickets to get in free (which we were stoked about) but he said there wasn't specific dress code. So we got there around 10:20 to get in line and the guy told us that we were out of dress code and wouldn't be allowed in. So, we never ended up iside (I'm not disappointed by that). Also, its club ROK right, not club HIP HOP. Well, we were in the casino (right outside the club) and could hear the music they were playing all night long. Well I have my radio stationed to ROCK 105.3 in San Diego constantly, so I have a pretty good idea of what popular rock songs should be played. I didn't hear one song that was rock. Nothing but hip hop and rap. Stupidest shit I have ever heard. I'm sure people who like hip hop and rap love this place but if you are into rock and expect to hear that you will be severely disappointed.
2	Big ups to Rob for getting me and my 8 lady friends in for free with no wait.  This is the only reason this place gets even two stars.  The Samoan body guard and the big black body guard was funny too.  He was really messing with us that night.  He made my sister say "LET ME IN YOU BIG SAMOAN MF" before letting us in.  Random yes - but whatever.  Music was bumping outside and the scene from the camera outside looked like the party was bumping inside but it was so not.  The big screen TVs showing the video's of the songs the DJ was playing was cool.  Super crowded with a bunch of folks that could not dance.  I know you usually get a bunch of folks that can't dance in every club but this was like 90% couldn't and it was just awkward.  I mean even the gogo dancers did not know how to shake what they mama gave them.  We left after 30 minutes and boy were we glad we didn't pay to get in to seek out a better club.
1	Interesting... We didn't actually make it in the club so I am rating them on their crappy front line staff.We were there with a group of about 15 people.  My friends where have a Bachelor/Bachelorette weekend, but this night all of the group was going out together.  Here's the deal.  They were offering no cover for girls and $10 for guys.  I'm not cheap, $10 isn't that much, but on principle that kinda bugs me.  Especially because I am gay and could give a crap about how many chicks are in the club.However, I was part of a group and was willing to drop the $20 (me and my BF).  Unfortunately the bouncers wanted to let the girls in right away and have the guys wait in some huge line so they could 'keep their numbers even'.  HELLO Dumb@$$... we are a group of mostly couples... no one is gonna let their date go into the club an hour before them.  F**kin idiot.  The bouncer was of course happy to let us all in together if we were willing to bribe him with $80+ PLUS cover for the whole group.Forget this place... there are better places to go in Vegas.  I strongly encourage anyone to find a better place.
4	My four stars are due to us being at Rok for their opening weekend: Labor Day, 2008.  Katy Perry performed!  The whole place was filled with celebs!  So I'm taking it from the other Yelp reviews that my experience might not be typical.Rok is the smallest club I've ever seen in my life.  I know people that have bigger bedrooms than Rok.  But that's okay!  Just helps me mingle more easily!  The drinks are good...not exactly strong, nor cheap, but comparable to other Las Vegas clubs.The bouncers didn't seem to know how to handle the crowd outside...the lines were a fiasco...but it was probably due to the Opening.
3	The first time I was here was in October and it was fabulous... I'm a classic rock junkie and when I walked in they were playing a mashup of "Long Train Running" by the Doobie Brothers... loved it. It's a small club and there was room to move and the back patio was great for kickin' back.The second time I went was in May and I was not nearly as impressed... they played nothing but rap and hip-hop and we could barely move. The patio was closed and we generally felt boxed in. It was a busy weekend down there anyway, but we ended up going across the street to 54 which was awesome. =)Overall, drinks are "Vegas" cheap [$12 for a decent Long Island] and despite it being busy the bartenders were fast. Not to mention the Samoan bouncer was one cool guy... I'd come back on a Friday, not a Saturday.
3	Got wristbands for no cover and an open bar. What a waste. More on that later... Still had to wait in the long line until my aunts showed up and somehow got the bouncers to let us in. Of course we had one guy in our group of maybe 12 ladies and we still could not get him in. He had to wait in line with everyone else. I believe the exact words from the bouncer was "No guys, f***k him, he's on his own" Then I got yelled at before even walking in because I had a drink in my hand and I didn't have my ID ready. Sorry, give me a second guys. I didnt know I had to finish my drink and have my ID out already. Back to the wristbands being a waste, yeah when I went to order drinks I found out from the very nice and patient bartender that the wristband is only good until midnight and only for vodka drinks. Did I mention it was after 11pm when we were given the wristbands? Yeah so I got my one free drink and went on my merry way to the bottle service area. Found a group of guys we met at the pool earlier in the day and were able to join their bottle service section. That was probably the only fun part about this place. The music was decent and the 360 screens are pretty cool even though I didnt pay much attention to them. The way I describe this place is just one big room that reminds me of a warehouse. It's plain and there really isnt much to it. I will not be back here again unless by some chance another group of guys from the pool ask us to join them in bottle service....
3	The club lay out was pretty good with the good size dance floor, bar location and the long comfy benches around the floor. The music was OK-not a very good selection. They pretty much played all hip hop and rap songs, other than that it was older songs like YMCA.The lines were OK for a Thursday night, right as the club opened. The drinks were great!!!Here is my only gripe:We sat down on the lounge benches and placed our half finished drinks on the back of the bench, when we got up to dance our drinks were taken away by the staff at the Rok. When we got back to our seats our half finished $12 drinks were gone. That really pissed me off. Other than that the club was ok and not very crowded and lots of room to dance. It also sucks that they charge guys to enter the club.
3	I don't think I would be back unless I had bottle service again. The 360 degree video screens were a cool idea however, but the place is just kind of bla.Bouncers seem to have a chip on their shoulder and lets be honest, its NYNY...really? I didn't have a problem getting in with a drink in my hand, maybe I just lucked out. Wrist bands started as a good idea for our group of girls but then since we went so late we only received one drink by the time the "free drinks" time ran out.I couldn't tell you how much bottle service was since I didn't pay, but I will say the staff was attentive in every way. I had a lot of fun dancing my butt off in an "upstairs" area for about 10-12 of us. Music was really good from what I can remember.I would go back if I had the chance to sit in bottle service but would def not pay to come here again.
4	Hmmm.... I don't understand why there are so many bad reviews about the Rok, it is not bad for what it is.I am a picky costumer, so I don't compromise for less.It is defiantly not Tao or other top of the line clubs but the set up is not bad for NYNY.We were lucky to get in without a line or paying since my friend has deep connections with the person in charge. Yet I knew that if I wont like it, I'll turn around & go somewhere else. So I'm defiantly not biased.I expected to see a bigger space, it was kinda small although the set up was awesome & Impressive!If you never been, expect to see a dark space to your left which is the dance floor full with dancing crowd, to your right, a big stage with HOT female dancers! (who wears barely nothing!), did I say hot? boiling hot!!There's a small VIP section with bottle service & a modern long nice bar on the opposite side.The main thing I loved was the video screens all over the place which are big round loops that shows parts of the music videos playing combined with special effects & graphics! VERY IMPRESSIVE! Music was great, whoever put the music list together is a genius!!!They play about 1 minute from each song so it won't get old while combining songs from all genres as hip hop, 80's & house! Real good selection of songs for a good mix of people. All songs were mixed smoothly & had an additional beat, specially combined with those giant HD screens on the ceiling! Bartender was an Asian girl with an attitude. Drinks were pricey & measured in a nazi way! Let go of the measuring cup! It is not classy & looks cheep!!!If you can't measure you should not be a bar tender!Vibe was great! People were having a real great time & it seemed like the place was full with real good people & no ghetto ass crowed.Never had a chance to check the outside patio.Bottom line, If you have a way to get in Tao or any other luxury hotel club, go for it! Rok is great as a 2nd alternative. We had a blast!Rok on!Yalla bye.
4	I'm not sure why this club has a 2 star rating, but I had a great time here! The music was definitely a good mix both inside the club and in the outside area. I think I love the place just for having an outside area, it can always get too crowded indoors and hot. Also, the bouncer in the outside was very nice too, he let us sit for a little while to rest at the tables even though we didn't get table service. I was very thankful because my feet were killing me. All in all I enjoyed myself and the club was crowded inside, but not too crowded outside and maybe that's not what everyone wants. *shrug*
4	I agree with Kristina, I don't think this place should get as low as a rating as it did.  I had a great time when I went.  A promoter got me a on a guest list, so me and two buddies got in for free and got to skip the line (of about 30 people) which felt good, because it's usually the guys that have to wait.  The place is kind of small but they played good music, and there were way more girls than guys when I went, which usually never happens.  The place got packed, the drinks weren't too much for Vegas.  I mean I had a blast there.  Under the circumstances that I skipped the line and I didn't pay definitely helped with the expectations of the place because I could walk out without feeling shafted.
1	As a straight white male I share the Bill Hicks view of clubs...I only go once a year to get my fill of hate for the next 364 days. I'm like a hate camel a club is the oasis where I fill my hump. I mean I have no reason to be there. I'm not social, I don't dance and paying $12 dollars for a beer just makes me angry. It makes no sense. But Jack, You can meet women in clubs!Why would I want to meet someone I don't respect.?It was hot and it was sweaty and the place just made me feel dirty and not in a good way. They named it Rok even though I heard no rock music playing anywhere. Just that techo crap they made my eyes hurt and ears bleed. But there was a surprise guest at the end of the night Naughty by Nature!!! A bunch of washed up hip hop stars who are reduced to playing their singles for tourist Are you down with OPP? Yeah you know me!Oh and speaking of OPP I got no play in the club what so ever except by one girl. A girl wearing a tiara and sash that read bachelorette! Not only did she want to dance with me she wanted me to go back to her room. I'm sure she is going to make some poor sucker really happy. Rok Vegas? No thank you. I have had my fill for another year. In the mean time I will stick to things I enjoy venues that play live music and bars with awesome jukeboxes.
4	One of the big perks that we found about Vegas, is that we got into clubs for free (sorry guys) and other things, like getting free drinks all night (although that was a lie) and they were expensive but at least generous with the alcohol measurements! We got persuaded to go to Rok on our way to ride the roller coaster on top of NYNY, and it turned out that it was pretty cool. The music was good, the people inside were amusing (there was a parody of a dance-off), it kept us amused all night and the videos that were shown alongside the music was pretty cool. At least you can watch something when you're dancing too. The floor was kept clean from any spilt drinks or broken glass and the staff were nice. It did weird me out a bit to see girls dancing, as it's something I'm not used to seeing in London, but compared to Tao, it was hardly smutty. Definitely go here for a night out, the dance floor might be small, but it's worth it to see a dance-off.
5	I was just here last month and had the time of my life!A bunch of friends and I ordered bottle service in celebration of my fiance's birthday. At first we were all a bit nervous about going because no one seemed to have heard of this place, however, once we got there, the line was looooong. We had immediate VIP access and were escorted to our tables which were in the middle of the dance floor. Then the doubt creeped up on us again... Who wants bottle service in the middle of the dance floor anyway?WE DID!!!!!!Our area was roped off for the 12 of us which included two tables, a long sofa, a table for dancing, a bouncer, and exceptional service from our servers. The drinks were made exactly how we wanted them and the servers had a great attitude. The bouncer made sure no one was leaning or placing drinks on our dance table, enter our area, and even escorted us to the restroom so we wouldn't have to push through the crowd. Amazing!!The 360 degree screen on the ceiling added a nice touch to the ambiance. Every single song played was GREAT (no lame songs to get people off the dance floor so they'll buy drinks at the bar). The restroom was interesting. It's one big bathroom with a large fountain sink in the middle that both men and women share. It's not as gross or weird as it sounds because the music is still bumpin' in there and you really feel like you have your own space.The overall experience was better than ANY club I've been to! Definitely check out this club when you hit Vegas!
3	I honestly can't explain why i enjoyed this place. But i think the 8 Long Islands and the making out with some girl on the dance floor certainly helped. That and perhaps that everyone who was here did seem a lot more down to earth. Which after attending many of the night clubs here in Vegas is just a welcome surprise to see. The drinks might have been a little less for a Vegas club, but without a cover it just encourages you to drink more. Which may explain why everyone seems nicer? Humm go figure.
3	This place is a little small, very crowded but a good place to head out to on a friday night if your preparing for something big like XS at the encore for saturday.  Overall this place is ok...
2	I don't know if it's because I'm comparing it a great nightclub like Pure, but we didn't care much for this one.Getting in was easy enough - had the wristband and put our names on the guest list earlier in the evening. The inside isn't much to write about, it had a bit of a dirty vibe and it wasn't clear where you could stand, as we kept getting asked to move by the bouncers. They should rope off those areas if they don't want people in them. Drinks were watered down and not worth the price. The DJ wasn't that great, he seemed amateur and his mixes were all over the place.  The go-go dancers were, how can I put this nicely...not that hot. Both of them could have benefited from some major ab work, and they seemed not too happy to be there.Also, I know that clubs can get warm, but Rok was uncomfortably hot and WAY too overcrowded. Too warm to even drink, barely any room to dance (my feet were stepped on at least a dozen times) and too many lame guys just standing around. There were also drunk chicks in groups taking 500 pictures of themselves on the dance floor. So many annoying flashes, it was like the freaking paparazzi was in there.When I felt like I was going to pass out from the heat, I headed out to the patio. They played 80's and 90's there which was somewhat refreshing considering I was roasting to death inside. The patio bartenders were the slowest I've ever seen, and kept passing over me to help customers who just walked up. Not cool. The bathrooms are unisex and at first that didn't bother me, but I really didn't want to  smell some guy's ass when freshening up my face. Men can tear it up, and should have their own room to do so.The crowd was laid back, with people wearing everything from flip flops to stilettos, but there were a few nut jobs in the bunch. What pushed me over the edge was not the huge 300 pound bouncer that practically mowed me over and stepped on my foot on the way without even saying excuse me, but the guys who invited us up to their table area, only to immediately kick us out after I told one of them (who quite obviously had some sort of mental issue) to get his nasty hands off of me. I don't know how these freaks made it into the club, but their creepy and erratic behavior the entire night should have been enough to show them the door.  Guess they'll take anyone...Needles to say, maybe it's because I'm sitting here with an ice pack on my badly bruised foot, but I was disappointed and won't go back, not when there are far better clubs up the strip. I gave it two stars because I have been to worse. I think this place might appeal to the just turned 21 crowd or those who don't expect much from a Vegas nightclub.
4	When I came here w/ my friends I think Rok was still a relatively new nightclub (I could be mistaken though) so we hadn't heard much about it. We were staying at the New York New York Hotel and had gone out to another club the night before so we thought why not try the one actually at our hotel.  It was awesome because when our feet got tired we ran upstairs to get flip flops then came back to keep dancing.The drinks here were pretty good, the dance floor was big (and crowded but that's expected), the table in the middle w/ a stripper pole looked like fun but I'm too chicken to get up and do that haha.  A couple girls I was w/ decided to get up there and dance and had a great time!  The inside is nice and big and the bathrooms were clean (from what I remember.) My friends and I had a great time at Rok and I'm definitely down to come back and party here again!
4	I went to Rok on a Sunday night. This is by far the best nightclub I went. XS, Studio 54 and Tabu all play a lot of TECHNO, which I hate. The DJs here played a mixture of TOP 40 and old school RAP/Hip Hop. There was a decent size crowd and the bartenders were nice. The best part for me was the platforms behind couches that surrounded the dance floor. I thoroughly enjoy dancing on tables and platforms to avoid the sleeze balls and these had plenty of room and were at a good height. By far I'd say the mixture of music with the music videos makes this place my Vegas favorite.
3	If you go into Rok not expecting a top of the line club you should be ok.Went here with a friend staying at the NYNY, she didn't wanna wander too far so we got in before midnight and pretty much stayed all night.Interior is one big room with screens above you which is fun.Music-wise I heard latin, 80's, top 40, dance, even Journey...Bartenders our night were all guys who knew how to pour strong drinks.I guess going back to one of the other reviews, I really don't know why I had so much fun here. Alcohol saves.
2	My boyfriend and I went to Vegas from July 24th-26th to celebrate my birthday, and we decided to go this club. It was kinda a last minute thing, and despite the reviews, we said why not. Eh....we shouldve gone to a nice restaurant instead. The bouncer was cool and very nice (that's coming from my boyfriend). He gave me a pass to get in free, and my bf only had to pay $10.That's the good part. !!!!!You cannot come tipsy or in sandals!! People in front of us weren't let in because of that!!!!!!The interior was horribly designed. Think a giant O, with a smaller O on the inside of that but you can't go into because it's roped off for drunk VIPs. So the only space you have to dance is literally squeezed in with drunk ass people at the bar. No fun. Someone spilled thier beer all over my back. Their are giant tv screens over our heads that are very distracting, and the music is cool and bumpin', but they'll play a part of it for about 45seconds-1min, and they'll change it. So once you get into it, it's over. So in the end, I give it a 2, and would never go there again. I don't recommend this place.
3	This club is fun if you aren't expecting a fab-o experience from Las Vegas. It's not glamorous. It's fun and comfortable. It's not posh, which I really liked about it. The DJs played the same mixes on Friday and Saturday nights however. It has a 360 degree screen around the top of the walls which is nice entertainment if you don't want to dance. They do offer reserved sections. I heard the drinks were pricey -- but it's Vegas. I had a really great experience here. The "bouncers" can be a little rude, but if you are real with them then they back off a little bit.
5	Some people just don't know how to have a good time in Vegas.  Worked with a great VIP HOST Thomas, look him up, he is awesome. 23 people, and of course bottle service.  Price are what you would expect in Vegas.  BUT bottle service is always worth it if you know hoe to use it.  I called my host, told him what i needed/wanted, told him where i wanted to be, who i wanted as my security....DONE DEAL.  My VIP HOST, MY SECURITY GUY, MY WAITRESS....ALL couldn't be betterCall VIP HOST Thomas, take care of Chad, and see Arriana, or Suzie for some kick ass drinksRok is not TAO, its not PURE, it a fun club.  Yes if you want to say you partied the same place as some B level celebrity, then go to those places.  If you want good, fast music.  If you want great service, if you want to have as much fun as you want, go to ROK.  Its small yes, but spend the extra $$$ and bottle service.  Get in touch with a host and make it happen.  Yes, I've been to Tao, XS, Jet, LAX and The Bank, all have the good and bad, but Vegas is about service.  I don't like being forced to tip because someone thinks they deserve it (IE the door guy who decides who comes in now or later) I don't want to wait for 2 hours either, but how much is 2 hours worth.  $200, $300...if your spending that, GET BOTTLE service.I had 23 people with 8 bottles, any mixers you could ever want.  Was never once pressured into getting energy drinks, buying bottles of water, nothing.  The only thing I got pressure from was from my boy Chad (security guys) in making sure I was having a good time.  If you take care of them, they take care of you.  They would walk the girls to the restroom....can you get that at any other club in vegas?...tryMusic is loud, current, with great classic Rok mixed in.  I can only listen to lady gaga so often, but when she is mixed with ac/dc, maybe a little flo rida with boston, you never know what great mixes are going to come up. Some really low reviews for this place, which I just don't get.  If you want to get pushed around on a dance floor pic any of the 55 clubs on the strip.  That happens in all of them.  People sit in every club, old people wonder in every club, and drunk people spill drinks in every club.  Its not ROK fault some people cant party.  The fun is there....you just have to have it
3	The first night in Vegas we were looking for something to do. Gambling, dueling pianos, club, something. Being that NYNY was so close to us (relative term by the way!! I was frozen by the time we got there, but it seemed close at the time) we thought we'd check out dueling pianos. Well, it was packed. More than club packed packed. So, we bump into some club wristband handing out guy who escorts us to Rok to get us wrist bands and whatnot to come in and out for free. We like that word. It was smaller, and kind of packed, but comfortable enough to have a drink and drop it drop it low girl. The beers were only $7 and I've gotten more ripped off in Vegas, so I decided it was acceptable. The music was interesting. Things I liked mushed with things I wasn't as fond of, but it somehow worked. When one girl's friend showed up, who was of the male persuasion and was told he would have a $25 cover, we decided to go. So it was a semi-short and sweet visit to Rok... Until Saturday came along.After a day of buffet, bingo and Ka, we decided we did not get enough dancing the night before and it was on like donkey kong. After finding no interest in other local clubs, we headed back to NYNY to find more free wrist bands in order to have a backup in case we found nothing. I swear that was the backup plan. Well this time around we were there three hours earlier and found out from 10:30-11:30 there was free champagne, but more important, $5 beers. Ha HAAAA! Backup plan was immediately upgraded to plan. After a trip back to the room and some getting a cab drama, we were back with 20 minutes to spare before my beer deal was done! And I really do have to give it to the bartenders. Most of the time you can't get a second of their time, but the guy I was ordering from all night was super attentive to everyone- girls and guys alike. Also, I was still getting $5 beers post 11:30. Very appreciated.We had a fabulous time, but there was a little weirdness beyond the music. Such as, guys in vests. Or just the amount of guys period. I can understand why they do their best to get girls in, because there just were not a lot of ladies in there. The coed bathrooms were a little strange to me at first, but while we were waiting for one of our girlfriends, we started watching guys go in and come out and not wash their hands. Gross. We attempted to educate them as they tried to escape the embarrassment, but I don't think they appreciated it. And every other guy that was in line after that sure did wash his hands, so we did some good in the world. So even with the cheaper beers and fabulous time, I am still only tossing this guy a 3  1/2 which is getting rounded down to a 3 because it was smaller than I would like, I didn't love the music, and the crowd it attracts is just strange. But as we proved Saturday night, if there wasn't anything else we wanted to do, I would go again.
2	I can find a better party closer to my house in Orange County or LA.  This is definitely the second tier, or third tier, frosh-soph junior varsity Triple A league when it comes to nightlife in Vegas.We went here after the Pacquiao-Clottey fight since we weren't up for dealing with getting in anywhere else at 12am on a Saturday in Vegas.  Club was alright, smallish, one big room, one big bar, one big dance floor.My biggest issue with this place:  why was everything so sticky?  The dance floor is sticky.  My drink glass was sticky.  Soon my hand was sticky.  I am a clean person.  I don't like to feel gross.  And I like to do it a little bigger in Vegas than back home, so this place really falls short since I would pass on this place if it were in LA or OC.Fail.   $20 cover is reasonable though especially for Vegas.
3	Not the best club in Vegas, but still a kickass time. They played a good variety of music and a good mixture of people. Its a little small, and only has 1 bar. Do yourself a favor and grab a half off card from one of the promoters around the casino in the afternoon, they are usually hanging around handing out passes, if not free I wouldn't pay more than 10 bucks to get in. And with all clubs in Vegas, get yourself good and buzzed before you go in off the free drinks in the casino or you'll be paying dearly for drinks in the club.
3	This place was great to start out the night. We were walking through the casino and some guy came up and got us and just walked us past the line inside for free. It was free champagne for a hour for ladies so we really enjoyed that. The bartenders and bouncers were all sooo Nice! The nice part of this place is the cool outside where the tables were open for everyone not just VIP. My friends and I really liked the music here too. The crowd was just ok which is why I only gave it 3 instead of 4 stars.
3	Not bad, Rok. Not bad at all.  Promoters were crawling around NY NY where we were staying, we didnt feel like paying for a cab, didnt feel like walking far, and first and foremost, didnt feel like paying to get in.  Our guy was named Guy, he was very nice and was where he said he would be, had us on the list, and got our guys in for only $10 each.  It's not big, not fancy, but it doesnt really pretend to be either.  It's a rockish style of place.  Co-ed bathrooms, famous rock star stencils on the walls, good music if you are a mid 20's whitey like me. : PChampagne is free for the ladies from 10pm-Midnight. Score!  That was great. When we arrived around 10pm the dance floor was pretty much empty and people were just starting to get seated for bottle service, but that didnt last long, the ladies and i immediately started booty shaking and soon enough more and more people started in on the fun.  Unlike Haze they dont overcrowd the place.....or maybe they just arent as popular. But I'd take less popular any day over Haze, I like to at least be able to move my hips on the dancefloor and not get an elbow in the face. Bouncers were nice, bartenders attentive, the crowd was older but I didnt mind; not really looking for any one-night-stand or meaningful relationship anyway. Good job.
2	One mistake leads to another. The last time I went to Vegas I stayed at NY, NY because I got a good deal on the room. Then that night I called down to the desk to get on the guest list for Rok because I was staying there. I had a few friends that were also in town, and as a group we are useless at making decisions, so I took the lead and decided that Rok is where our (Friday, 11pm) evening would start.Right off the bat, they tried to get me to make reservations for bottle service (at what would normally be a good deal... too good) for 10 people, 1 bottle, at around $250ish? So first red-flag right there. I declined. Been around Vegas too much for that to sound right.We get in there and... well no one was there. It wasn't completely empty, but no where near how it should be on a Friday night, especially for such a small club. Music was your typical top 40, and all the decent girls had at least two umm.. protective friends we'll call them. I like my friends, but not that much. We stayed for 10 minutes and we were out. I'd skip this to walk up and down the strip sober, if those were my only two options.
3	So the first time I went here, I don't remember a thing. Did I have a good time? I think I did.Anyway, I went to Rok again and it wasn't that bad. In comparison to other clubs, this place isn't that bad. The bar service was slow but the music was usually good.  Good: This place is good, if you get in for free.Bad: Not my number one choice in Vegas.Final: If you can get in for free or close to it, this place is the place to be.
2	Don't bother watching a sporting event here especially if its Game 7 of the Lakers/Celtics Finals! One of my friend's and his girlfriend were staying at New York New York and were given passes to watch Game 7 at The Rok.So in our group went.  I was expecting tables, seats, and a food menu to go along with their full bar menu. I suppose it was my fault for assuming a club could double as a functional sports bar. The dance floor was left as is and completely open and the only available seating were the seats against the walls and the pockets of lounge booths in random corners of the room. We were lucky enough to get seats on the elevated platform in the rear.  The only food items offered during the game was a cheese or pepperoni pizza slice or a hot dog with mustard and ketuchup, each for $5.  WTF!? My mind immediately went to Costco and how I could get an entire box of pizza for only $9.99 or a hot dog w/ a drink and my choice of condiments for $1.50!  I was a bit annoyed, but since I was starving I sucked it up and ordered a pizza slice.  When it came it had obviously been pre-cooked and sitting under a warmer...the crust was extremely hard making my jaw hurt of having to gnaw on it.Once the game started, the wide movie theater type screens running the entire length of the upper walls were completely fuzzy, and it was hard to tell each player from another.  Towards the end of the game I was a bit thirsty and asked the waitress for a glass of water.  She informed me that the only water available was bottled water which I'd have to purchase. WTF?!  That irritated me even more. Based on my experience here, I'll avoid this place like the plague to watch a sporting event and doubt I'll even come to club here. I'm sure it would've been more fun and more comfortable gathering in one of our hotel rooms to watch the game.
1	Enter, Dance, Drink, Get Out.No place to sit, even with 75% of the tables empty. They must have been reserved for someone more important who never showed. After 5 hours, they were still empty.Employee attitude was typical Vegas...not just bad but trailer park bad. If the town is that hard to live in, just leave already. And don't come to California. Try Iraq.There are many, many places in Vegas to go that are not here.
1	So we went here because at the last minute we had a huge party with way too many guys to even think of getting into a club without waiting in line or putting down a grand or so. Good thing: we all got in for free. Guys and all.Bad thing: club was teeny, and i mean teeny.They have tons of tables inside that were empty and there was barely any room to stand and compose yourself. The dancefloor was the size small public bathroom. Speaking of bathrooms, theirs is "coed". The stalls are marked male or female, but all have basic toilets, no urinals. They have a bathroom attendant and a security guard in their "regulating" things. The girls line, as usual, was out the door and of course there were no guys. But for some reason they left ALL (about 5) of the male stalls open. Some girl in front of me was doing the potty dance and just walked into the nearest male stall, I mean no guys were coming so why not right? well the security guard pushed the door open as she was closing and pulled her out. Umm lawsuit??? And i mean if a girl has to pee, she has to pee. really creeped me out. All in all the night was saved because somehow the seating outside opened up. We were able to get our group in and get some drinks. Which ps 1 bartender!!! per bar!!!! how does that work???Annnnd the music was good, but each song only plays for about 30seconds. How are you supposed to get a groove going??? whew. now that thats out, don't go to Rok.
2	About 45 minutes after entry, the BF and I had to brisk-walk back into our room to re-pre-game. Not a good sign. Girls=free, Guys $10 on average, though you can easily get free passes during the day if you're at the right place at the right time. If you're feelin' lazy and in the mood for some heavy-bass top 40s hits in a smaller venue filled with average looking people who can't dance, this is the spot for you. Otherwise, I'd recommend Haze for a REAL clubbing experience in Vegas, if you don't mind traveling in heels/throwing tens at taxis/waiting in lines/dressing up fancy.
3	The place is cool if you don't feel like going to a big club where it gets overcrowded.. the dress code is casual no hats no sandals, but shirts are OK. the music is good, and decor is lively, Finally If you can get in for free or close to it, this place is the place to be.
2	Went there twice: July 15th and July 16th, 2010.Friday, I assumed that the place was brand new because NO ONE was there the first night. There was a line of about ten people, waiting for drinks, another dozen people were scattered around the edges of the room, and three (seriously THREE) people were on the dance floor. It was three girls, dancing with each other as if it were a practiced routine. It reminded me of a sad high school dance.The second night we went, was a Saturday night. The place was comfortably full. There was nothing exceptional about the music. The room was lined with leather seating, but ALL seating was labeled as "reserved". It was as if the club had a VIP area, consisting of everything by the dance floor, and no VIPs to put in it.The only reason we really went in was because promoters were handing out passes for free cover and champagne to all of the 20-30 year old ladies at New York-New York. Doors opened at 10pm, and when the free champagne ended at 11pm, the party almost entirely died out.Uniforms of the wait staff consisted of ass-less shorts, fishnets, and black corsets. It wasn't unattractive, but the ratio of staff to patrons made it look like a costume party. The theme of the decor is "Rok", which apparently means photo-shopped models dressed like Aerosmith. The club heavily resembled something out of Second Life. Drink tables that lined the back wall had cup holders and ice buckets. This should have been really cool, but they looked JUST like tank-less toilets.The staff was friendly, including bouncers, but the place was nothing special.
3	DJ was good! But this place is too small and no place to sit. To reserve the seats it's really expensive and not worth it.  It's a big turn off when there are no seats wat so ever!!
2	came here on saturday night with the gf because our earlier plans fell thru. we were aimlessly walking around the strip when we passed by ny ny and remembered rok vegas had given me a couple of passes a few months ago (the passes were left in the car of course). when we walked up the first thing outta my mouth was "is this place even open?". there was no line, just a few bouncers outside chatting it up. after confirmation it was still open we walked in (gf was free, i paid $20. which is ok i guess, but it is the first time ive paid to get into a club since moving here). The place is pretty small. just one room with with bottle service tables surrounding it. the dancefloor was packed. REALLY packed. I think this dudes elbow was in between my shoulder blades for a good 15 mins. i saw people there who looked like they turned 21 and people who looked like they just reached retirement age. it felt like a high school dance with students and teachers alike grooving to top 40 songs. i dunno about this place but it was relatively easy to go to, so if youre into that (as far as the wait in line. girls get in free everywhere in vegas so that makes no difference) then you might like this place, but there a definitely other better places to go to.
3	If you aren't a fan of the overly crowed, pretentious, snotty Vegas clubs then I highly recommend checking Rok out. I have gone there a total of 3xs in my last 2 trips to Vegas. I have only gone w groups of girls, so I am not sure how much cover is for guys, but we never paid to get in. The first 2 times, we were approached by promoters during the day and given no cover, front of line wrist bands. The last time we went, we were meandering about in NYNY during the day and we walked up to guy standing in front of the club entrance and asked for wrist bands which he happily gave us and even gave us his cell number so he could walk us in later that night, thanks James!! With said wrist bands I've never had to wait in line, but it doesn't seem like the line ever gets too long in my experience. True, the club itself is smaller compared to other Vegas clubs but if all you want to do is dance and have a good time w your friends then it does the job. The dance floor has its packed, you are going to get stepped on, pushed, bumped into, possibly spilled on moments but it also thins out quite a bit. My advice, don't try and dance anywhere near the bar...it gets super congested in that area. There is also a patio area with a bar outside and seats for non-VIP people which is always a plus. All the seating inside is VIP though. Like anywhere, the drink prices are hellacious.  I opt to just get a super strong drink to make paying a small fortune worth it so I get their ADIOS MF'ers which are $13 I believe.  They do the job, trust me.
1	If I could give this place negative stars, I would.  It Sucked!  My girlfriends and I were given free entrance and we were promised free champagne if we showed up between 11:00 and 12:00.  We showed up at 11:40 and they were out of champagne, and didn't offer us any other free drinks as compensation.  That sucked since the free champagne was the only reason we were going.  Then I asked for a water, and they tried to charge me $5 for a bottle of water.  They wouldn't give me tap water until I lied to them and told them I would vomit if they didn't give it to me.  Seriously - what kind of a place hands out free champagne until it's gone, but won't give out free water?  It's like they want people to get out-of-control drunk.  And to top it off the bouncers were jerks.  Please don't go there - it's a waste of resources.
1	This club "claims" to play a hip hip/ rock mash up, but what they really play is pure CRAP!!  The drinks were way over priced and the DJ sucked really bad.  My friend asked one of the bouncers about another club but he played dumb... but when my friend made a comment about the music he agreed that the DJ sucked.  So screw you ROK Vegas, thanks for ruining my Saturday night in Vegas!
2	What can you say about Vegas clubs? Expensive, expensive, expensive... This club is the complete opposite. Walking by during the day, I was given business cards out for entry for $10 before midnight. This was great because most Vegas clubs are $30 and up to get in. A group of us got in at 10:30pm with barely a line outside. The disappointment was immediately seen when entering. The club is small, compared to other Vegas clubs. There was a good number of people in here but the VIP sections were small and the bouncers were ANAL. You could not stand around near the bathroom, near the exit door, or even near the entry/exit of of the three VIP sections. The bouncers were very vigilant. I did see the bouncers kick numerous people out, which would explain why there were no real problems inside ROK. I did enjoy the unisex bathrooms though. Small, cheap, and rude is a great definition of ROK.
2	I came here last weekend with my cousin and sister in law. We also came here last year because we get in for free. It's also because we were staying at New York New York so we didn't want to bother with getting a cab anywhere. If you are a lady and want to get in free just look for the person handing out passes below the escalator that leads to Coyote Ugly. Men pay $10.00 dollars with the discount I don't know if that was a local discount or not. Friday was dead they didn't even bother to play images on their big screens that surround the dance floor. The part that disturbed me was they were playing music mixes from when we were there last year! I remember because they were playing "I don't want to lose your love" by the Outfield. It's pretty memorable because they don't really play that song in dance clubs unless it's 80's night. Saturday we came here again because I'd rather be here than at the Bar at Times Square. If I'm going to be somewhere loud I prefer to hear dance music. This time they played the images on the big screen and it was packed . If you come here try to wear comfortable shoes because they will not let you sit down without paying for a table or take off your shoes. My sister in law tried both and she was out of luck with her pointy stilettos and sore feet! The floor is also really really sticky I was afraid my shoe was going to come off! If you have a problem with sharing a bathroom with the guys it's best to use the restroom in the casino because the bathroom is coed. The bathroom is stacked with necessities like body spray, mints, hairspray, etc just in case you may have forgotten something. If you are a lady and want to dance some place free this is the place to be. It's not the fanciest place but if you don't care this will do.
2	My friend and I decided to walk around after we arrived on our first night in Vegas.  We were also hungry and looking for a place to eat.   NYNY was next to our hotel Monte Carlo.  While wandering around, a promoter came up to us and offered us free pass/wristband to this club.  Free before midnight and ladies get unlimited champagne.  So we went in.  Got our drinks, music was decent.  The place is small.  The crowd was lame, not what I was expecting to see in a club.  We stayed only for a little bit and checked out.  Don't think I'll be going back here.
4	I have been to Vegas several times, but this was my first time going with a group of guys (mind you, I was the only girl). Every other time, its been me along with four other girls! So, I immediately got a little nervous when we decided we were gonna go out. I mean, lets be honest, the clubs in LV can be a little annoying when it comes to letting guys into their bar.  But, lucky for us, I remembered a friend of mine from college works at Rok Vegas-wahoo!He got us in for free and gave us some drink tickets. The drinks are big and not as expensive as other clubs I have been to. The place itself has more of a lounge feel, with a dance floor in the middle. It plays hip hop music from the past ten or so years including current-which is awesome, if your into that (which I am-hehe) and it has the videos playing all over the place!The crowd itself is a little different, and I could see it getting really crowded which might be annoying. Either way we had a great time and it was the perfect way to top of our Vegas trip!
4	So much fun! great music! not too crowded but i hate when ppl are touching me anyways.  the bartenders and bouncers were so nice!drinks are expensive but hey its vegas ...
3	My friends and I got wristbands for free entries to ROK. I must say that I love the music that they are playing. I like the layout of the club and you can watch music videos of songs that they are playing on giant screens all over the club. So three stars for that.Minus two stars for the ridiculous drink prices. I can understand that my Vodka 7 is $11 because this is Vegas and all mixed drinks in Vegas are overpriced. Oh they don't even have 7 up, they serve Sierra Mist..yuckkk. Then my friend just got the Sierra Mist without any alcohol in it and we got charged $6!!!! Yes, $6 for a glass of soda! Highway robbery to the max.
1	I hate this place. it was so packed that people were literally standing shoulder to shoulder and unable to move. This is what happens and you over-advertise and everyone ends up in the same club. I think they should just give out a certain amount of club passes away rather than 100X the capacity of what the club can take. I ended up with a blister on my foot just for standing there for 15 mins cuz morons kept stepping on my foot cuz it was so packed. Was it worth it? Hell no! this place is a No-Go! Never again!
1	This place is horrible!First the bouncer tried to get us to give him cash to get in the front of the line because he said that we wouldn't make it in my 10pm for the cheaper prices. Not! We waited in the line for like 15 min and got in with plenty of time.Inside it is waaaaay too smokey with fog, and you can't stand anywhere. The who outside perimeter is VIP tables, and if you try to stand in the walk path, security keeps telling you to move. The only place you can stand is on the dance floor, of which there is barely room because it is small, or at the bar with the other 500 people waiting for drinks. We were asked to move about 10 times before we were done and just left. Speaking of drinks. WAY OVERPRICED, even for Vegas! The glasses are small and you pay like $12 bucks for a Midori Sour and $10 for a small beer.  You want to go to a fun place, the Irish pub right next to this dump is AWESOME! We had a great time, and it made up for the horrible time we had at Rok!
3	If you've never been, it's in side New York, New York casino -- It was fun -- we went on two separate nights.  The girls in my group got free wrist bands & I paid $10 with a discount card I got earlier in the evening after going to the sausage-fest at Coyote Ugly (same casino, but upstairs) We paid for a table & bottle service, then ended up ordering a shitload more drinks as well, so the final tab was significant.  I'd have to agree with some of the other people here that the drink prices seemed high, even for Vegas.  A little too much fog & smoke & the layout makes it hard to move around the place when it's full.  The bouncer staff was outstanding, though -- they get 5 stars in my book (unsure if it was because we had more girls than guys in our group, but whatever).  Our waitress rocked, too (pardon the pun), she checked on us constantly, stopped to talk to us like real customers, so we never really wanted for anything.  The only negative issue really was that the DJ wouldn't take any requests from the ladies; not a huge deal, we all had fun anyway.
4	Great line from a friend....."ROK is like high school. You have the cool kids (XS, TAO) then you have the kids who just like a good time (ROK)" I'm bias since every time I go, its better and better. Just give it a try, ask for CHAD SOLIS or CRAIG KEENAN, they will make it all right. People judge this place before even walking in, small yes, bottle service yes, packed, yes, good music, yes...will cost you $300-$400 less to go there YES. Will you have a hangover, sore throat, bloodshot eyes........yeah, same thing you will have anywhere you go on the strip
1	A.D.D D.J is probably the biggest thing I can say. Yeah it's cool being able to watch videos up on the walls but not when they correspond w/some of the cheesiest music droned out in 30 second blasts. This literally was one of the worst dj's I've ever heard. I was there President's day wknd on a Friday night. I obviously had some kind of expectations.The club is tiny, horribly laid out, there is no room to dance-- not that I was able to dance to the crap that was being played, and drinks are totally overpriced. Some guys invited us to their table where they had um, beer bottle service, and the bouncers wouldn't let us take our two guy friends up there with us which was lame since we were a coed group.So luckily we didn't pay to get in, I would have asked for my money back. There is an Irish pub down the way from this place where I ended up having WAY more fun, had room to shake it and drinks were normal price. Maybe I take my dancing a little seriously, but Rok gets a big double THUMBS DOWN from me.
1	For an otherwise nice hotel (NYNY) I don't think the space ROK is in was even intended for a nightclub b/c it is that small. Studio 54 next door at the MGM is WAY BIGGER but has a lot fewer people. I think MGM's marketing dept. (both hotels are MGM properties) needs to market studio 54 more and ROK a lot less.Unless you're getting bottle service this club is a complete waste of time b/c there is really no where to stand. LOL
3	Overall Rok kinda is meh as a nightclub. The door is disorganized, the "list" is a joke, the set-up is pretty whatever, the crowd was pretty whatever, and the music is random. That being said, I had a blast. Because it smelled like Bourbon Street inside, i went to the patio. The bartender out there is super cool and kept everyone entertained. As random as the music was, it was cool; dance worthy even. I was solo, as I so often am, and this random ass, old ass crowd turned out to be kinda cool. They were all friendly, joking, and dancing. around 1230ish Ying Yang Twins played a set. I could hear a word they said, but everyone seemed to be pretty siked. 4 stars for my good time; but if it didn't turn out the way it did i would have given it 2 for an average of 3.
1	Can I press zero stars on here?Don't go there, its not worth it !!!!! They make you stand  in the line for ever. However, when you get inside  there's no one in the club...  The dance floor is really  tiny. The drinks are too expensive.  The bouncers are very rude and extremely anal about everything. I mean "get over yourselves!"  They treat their customers as if they were in jail .... Don't stand here! .... Don't dance here! .....  They are particularly obsessed about the bathroom.  They have strict rules about where their customers should  stand to wait in line and which bathroom unisex stall they should use. Especially the bouncer whose eyes were popping out of his head.  I guess he really wants  to advance to a  bathroom manager.
3	Definitely not one of 'the spots' in Vegas, but the one time I randomly strolled in it was free, the music was surprisingly good, and the drinks were cheap by Vegas standards.-2 stars for the group of 14 middle-aged guys surrounding the dance floor while breathing out of their mouths.
4	I was surprised to see some of the bad reviews on here, so I want to share my opinion too. A group of us went to the Rok nightclub inside NYNY in early March, 2011. We had a great time! I personally really enjoyed it for several reasons. -It was more casual and carefree then other nightclubs I've been to, which I liked. -I was given four (4!) free drinks and was able to get into the night club for free before 11pm. -Fun and danceable music; it looked like a lot of people were enjoying themselves. -Staff were friendly.-We did not wait in line outside the club. Most importantly, this was all without spending a bunch of money! I recommend this place if you like a more casual and friendly locale and you're looking for good deals. I will go back if they're willing to give out more free drinks. Thanks, KC :-)
2	(ROK= Jail)    R.O.K nightclub inside NYNY the cover is $10.00 if u go around happy Hour and buy Ur pass for the night and after girls are in free guys are 20.00 prices is not bad at all.  it was a cool spot girls there where okay  but the security there are ass holes i slipped because someone spelled there drink on the floor so they kicked me out for being too drunk when i had only one drink ohhh drinks are like $18.00 FYI then they got loud whit me some fat ass lil piggy  there thinking that he is someone so i beat the shit out of him broke his nose , busted his lip wide open so next time he won't talk shit to ppl then metro police took me to a much happier place Clark county jail there food was grate 24hr security nice lil room good ppl there overall 5/5 the jail NOT rok
2	This place is so douchey it's unbelievable...but I keep saying to myself about everything from this trip "It's Vegas, what else do you expect?!" Vegas is like one big magnet for Tap Out and Affliction shirts, tramp stamps, lucite heels...you name it, you find it here! But, that's another story. (Excuse me, where can I write a review for the whole city of Las Vegas?!) Would never frequent this type of joint at home, but "what happens in Vegas, stays in Vegas" so I figured I'd stop in for the Vanilla Ice concert while we were here. Yes, I'll admit proudly, I'm a child of the 90's! The promoter who gave us free wristbands and escorted us to the front of the line was awesome, but the door staff that work for the venue were total jerks on a power trip. They didn't want to speak with anyone, make eye contact, or be of any help what-so-ever. Hey, we're a group of fine lookin' ladies dressed to the nines, here to party and spend some cash on over priced drinks. Why do you keep letting in the old fogies and under dressed? Finally, after about 5-10 minutes, I caught the eye of a guy ogling my lady lumps and told him we were ready to go in. Thankfully, he obliged without saying a single word. Silence is golden, especially when he's lifting the velvet rope. The last girl in with our group claims her Kim Kardashian was grabbed on the way in, by whom, we don't know...but I've got my eyes on the slick haired Napoleon behind the computer. In short, the venue is tiny, the bar is overrun and the drinks of course... are overpriced. SHOCKER! They were charging $10 for something slightly larger than a Dixie cup of Champagne, from a bottle of Andre which is about $4.99 a bottle at any local convenience station. By the end of the night we were on a first name basis with the staff inside (yeah, we're just a bunch of midwest gals at heart) and were asked to come back again on Sunday night, but passed....there is only so much Rok one can handle in a lifetime; and I'm pretty sure I've met my limit.
3	We had absolutely no intentions of hitting up a club while in Vegas. This place was actually not bad. The music is mainly a blend of Hip Hop, R&b and Top 20 pop music.It's very casual. I got in wearing a tshirt, jeans and sneakers. The bartenders were really cool. My girl liked it. The music like I said previously, was good.
4	After reading reviews before heading to Vegas, we chose to hit up Rok one evening as we were staying at NY/NY and figured we would do a bar-crawl within the hotel. Promoters for Rok are all around the hotel and just look for a man in a suit with wristbands. There were four of us in total and we were walked over to the bar and lead right in.The setup inside is a bit odd. The dance floor is in the center and there are huge private booths surrounding it, including one at the end of the dance floor, near the main door. You can't stand in the aisle ways as bouncers move you along and so you're either on the dance floor or outside on the patio. Loved the patio and how it had misters and provided some fresh air. You are right by the Brooklyn bridge and there are plenty of white couches to lounge on. The bartenders at that bar out there are quite pretty as well!Music choices were good and were a mix of genres with music videos playing on the ceiling screens. The bar wasn't packed, which was quite nice considering everywhere else in the city, though the dance floor had lots of people on it, enjoying the music. Ladies, there is free champagne at the inside bar from 11-12am and so it's also a good place to start your evening and get some free drinks before paying an arm and a leg elsewhere. For a free start to our evening, we had a great time and would definitely go back.
3	Cheap but fun place...the music is ehh but plenty of females.
3	It's so true. What happens in Vegas stays in Vegas. Nothing special about the club itself. Good DJ, decent dance space, overpriced drinks. We were invited to dance inside a VIP area... crazy sh*t went down. Had a blast though! It was definitely packed. Luckily the night my 2 girlfriends and boyfriend went, ladies entered for free (men for $25). Located inside the NY NY casino. Not the best club I'm sure, but fun nonetheless!
2	I went on a Thursday night, our first night in New York New York. One of the promoters was handing out wristbands for free admission for girls. When we walked in, there were hardly any people dancing, a lot of people were just sitting. Hello, it's a nightclub no? My friend and I heated up the dance floor a bit after a couple drinks. The bartenders were nice too =)
3	I hate the Vegas club scene.  I also hate the New York and LA club scenes.  I am a simple Midwestern boy.  In the Midwest, you pay the cover ($5) and enter.  There is no judging, no lines, and no red velvet ropes.  I don't think it is up to a club to make me feel unworthy.On the other hand, I love to dance and the clubs in Vegas are some of the best places to do just that.  They have the coolest interiors and the best DJs.  So I, like all the other sheep, put myself through the Vegas club torture.  Sorry for the rant... had to put that out there.ROK is in the New York, New York Casino.  You can get VIP entrances for free- Just look for a guy in a suit handing out wristbands or flyers for the club.  Because we had the VIP entrances, we didn't have to wait in line and paid only $10 cover.  The club was pretty cool.  The decor was nowhere near as cool as LAX, but the music was great.  They would only play about 1 minute of a song and then would go onto a new one, so you never got tired of what you were dancing to.  They played a really good variety of current hits and your favorites from the last 10 years.  It was crowded, but not so bad you couldn't move.  The people were young but not so young as to be annoying.  We had a great time overall.
4	after leaving a snooty rooftop lounge with wealthy hetereosexual men not interested in taking on a fellow heterosexual man as a sugar son [is that what sugar daddies call their offspring?]...we decided to slum it up at Rok Vegas. we got VIP or whatever from a guy passing out passes and wristbands 20 feet away from the bar....and i'm pretty sure they would've let me in if i was wearing my pajamas.  the floor was stickier than a porn theatre.  and the room was small....and eliptical.  i couldn't dance....not because i don't know how [AND TRUST ME, I KNOW HOW]...but because the floor was so sticky, i literally couldn't move my feet.  it was once we got out of the orgy of creepers, and mini-all-girl dance circles that we started to have fun.all the fun happened on the side lines where we actually had room to dance and move our feet.  i guess people were staring?  BUT WHO CARES.  we just wanted to dance.  i'm actually giving this place 3 stars, but i'm adding one because i stole dance moves from the security guards and i kinda feel bad for that.
4	i like this club. I have been here 3 times. 2 times i got in free. The last time it was half off. there are always passes in NY NY somewhere. It is a little small. But they play good music. It does not take forever to get in the club. Ifg you want to have fun and not have to deal with alot of the vegas hype come here for your club experience. The only other area more laid back is down town.
2	im giving this place 2 stars cause they told my fiance that she couldnt give me a lap dance on the couches outside!?!??!?! what the hell look at the people humpin each other on the dance floor so its only legal if i fuckin stand up and have her rub me there? i dont get it whatever and drinks were ridiculous but thats expected its vegas so i didnt really care for that the club overall was ok nothing to impressive had a lot more fun outside where there was a little more room and i didnt have drinks spillin on me
4	Being situated in the hotel I was staying in for the weekend (New York New York), I figured that ROK would be a great choice to hang out at while I was in Vegas for the weekend. Points for the GIANT equalizer on the face of the building that looks like it actually pulsates to the beat happening inside.This review is an average of two different experiences, both on the same night; Happy Hour and a special Labour Day weekend Saturday night.The Happy Hour was a complete win! 2-for-1 drinks out on the patio adjacent to The Strip. Can't beat that. Plenty of space to sit and lounge as you imbibe in drinks. Of course, drinks in Vegas clubs are fairly expensive, so when you get two for one, it totally softens the blow. Points for Beer Pong on the patio, also.I returned later on that night, as Naughty By Nature was spinning/performing and I didn't really want to miss that. Arrived back at ROK around 10pm and the line to get in was an hour wait easy. After waiting for about ten minutes, I went up to the front with a couple kids I was hanging out with that evening and explained to them that we had been there before and if there was anyway we could just mosey on in. It worked and we were in. $15 cover for guys and free for girls. Whatever. Inside, the venue is pretty sick...the centerpiece being the 360-degree wraparound LCD screen at the top of the house. Brilliant! Also, the sound in the place is amazing! The clubs here in San Francisco should take a couple pointers from ROK. I had a great time all night and really enjoyed the clientele (not too uppity, not sleazy), the staff (very friendly and accommodating and kept the crowd moving) and was a great night out overall. Looking forward to adding ROK to my list of spots to visit when I go back to visit.
4	I went here on a Thursday night with 3 of my girlfriends and we had SO much fun...we stayed and danced till the place closed! It's a smaller club, but we really liked it!  Here's my list of pro's and con's of the place.PROS:-Free front-of-the-line entry for girls before a certain time (just look for a guy in a suit in NY, NY hotel handing out free wristbands for the girls). I'm pretty sure he can give you a discount for cover charge for any guys in your group.-Awesome music (top 40 music from the last 10 or so years). Plus, they play music videos on a giant screen that wraps around the entire club, it's fun to watch!-For those who drink, free bottomless champagne for the ladies from 11-12 with your wristbands.-Friendly down to earth crowd, classy guys (and ones that actually understood married = not interested).-Dress code is not strictly enforced (at least on a Thursday night), because I saw people there in jeans.-Not too crowded, there was enough room to actually...dance.-Couches that you don't have to be VIP or order bottle service to sit in! :) Not many places in Vegas have this!-The music wasn't too loud, so you could actually carry a conversation with someone.-Bodyguards are good at keeping the crowd classy and not trashy-Bodyguards did an excellent job of keeping the floors clear of spills, broken glass, etc. They constantly surveyed the dance floor with little flashlights to make sure the floors were clean.CONS:-They do not give you water for free, not even tap water! They make you buy a bottle of Fiji water for $5! (I just used a drink glass after my friend was done to fill it up in the bathroom...but the bouncer tried to convince me it was dirty water so I would buy bottled water. Obviously, he was lying. I told him I was fine with drinking their "dirty" water and went on my way, he just shrugged and let me walk away with my tap water :)-Soda is also $5! Why so expensive, ROK?Note: The bathroom is co-ed. There is a bathroom attendant to assign you a stall for your gender.VERDICT: We had a blast dancing at the ROK and would definitely go back here again next time we are in Vegas. The only reason I gave it 4 stars is because they charge $5 for bottled water or soda, with no option of getting tap water (and the bodyguard/bartenders were a bit of a jerk about the whole water thing).
3	Decent smaller club. The cover change was much lower than at other clubs in Vegas, and with a wristband you can get frmo guys all over the place you can get discounted cover and skip the lines.  Free champagne for women between 11-12 runs out FAST.  has both an inside and an outside section.
4	Went here on a Friday and a Sunday nite while in Vegas. Friday nite, DJ was AMAZING. Dance floor was packed inside, and we also started a little dance party outside. Patrons were fun and friendly. Sunday nite was empty and quiet, very lame and we left soon after. No cover charge for ladies though, which was great. Will definitely return on a Fri or Sat!
4	expensive drinks...but thats just vegas I guess. Its small inside...but I had a lot of fun. I felt like there as a lot of old people there...not that that matters...i got in for free and my fiance cost 10$
4	after working all day, then driving to vegas from scottsdale, our initial energy levels for the trip were declining. then we ate and oh, the fatigue started in. luckily, NYNY where we were staying had ROK and all the signs looked cool, so instead of travelling up and down the strip, we decided to head in.it wasn't a big change from the clubs we've been to in scottsdale. we didn't have to wait long in line and my wife got in free. i cost 10bucks. we had alot to drink before we entered so we didn't imbibe in any drinks, but did purchase a water for ....holy cow.....5 bucks! the music was good and we didn't feel too crowded dancing on the floor. at one point though, security did come along and start shoving people away from a section of the floor for some unknown reason. but it was fun and i was able to get my groove on. i would go again.
5	I am basing my review solely on the fact that we got into this place for free in JEANS AND HOODIES!!!!! oh.....and we got free champagne. So ya, for a club in Vegas, that is pretty damn amazing!All the girls in line dressed to the nines looked a little irked and confused and to this I laugh.
4	I love that there isn't ever really a line. THis is definitely one of the chill spots along the strip at NYNY.  It isn't a big deal of a place like Marquee or XS or any of those. But, this is all you could ever really need. This spot doesn't charge an arm and a leg for entrance. If you're lucky, you might meet someone who can get you into this spot for free or at least for a RED cost. The red cost is usually about $10 for each guy. Ladies can typically get in for free. YAY The music is usually pretty good, hip hop, top 40 hits and occasionally some house. THe lighting here is what I like. Instead of the typical strobe lights and things, this spot has tons of TV's on the walls. The lighting and much of the effects come from here. Drinks cost the usual, about $14 for a Jack and Coke and things like that. Not all the bartenders are a heavy pour but if you're lucky, you'll find a bar tender that knows their stuff and doesn't "measure". Just have a good time and enjoy the crowd. That's what it's all about.
5	ROK ROCKS because....on a Friday night...2 years ago..-2 VIP sections for the price of 1 & got to pick which VIP section-Got our own personal security guard (for the whole night)-If you're a hot chick you can cut a long line (even with 4 dudes)-360 degree TV that shows music videos/imaging-Personal security guard escorts you to the bathroom and back to VIP with a flashlight
2	Nothing special here.  Living in Chicago, these places are a dime a dozen.  I essentially can break it down like this. Cover chargeExpensive watered down drinksPeople who like to pay 100X more for alcohol for bottle serviceShiteous musicBlack lightsThat is all.
4	Wasn't sure what to expect. Came here with a group of friends who wanted something a bit more low-key but wanted to hit a club. They also wanted some drinks without paying a whole lot, so the champagne open bar from 11-12 for girls really came in handy. Getting in didn't take long and security was friendly. The outdoor patio had open seating (such a rarity) so we got a whole big booth to ourselves. Oddly enough, for a club called Rok, it played almost all hip hop. That worked okay for us and we danced for hours. Not my fave club and not somewhere I would come to often, but for what we anticipated, it was a great experience. We had fun, we had somewhere to sit, security didn't make me angry, my friends got drunk on cheap drinks, and the music was nice. For such a fun time, Rok definitely deserves four stars from me.
3	My review is based on my experience with the VIP/ Bottle service staff.  Initially, it took about 20+ minutes to get the " bottle service" situation under control. It was slightly disorganized, but once things were settled, it was non stop fun from there.  The staff were on top of their game...cleaning up messes and spills as they happened and keeping unwanted guests from our booth.  We even snapped occasional photos with them and our group felt safe and happy.  Yes, bottle service is expensive, and it sucks that you have to pay for water, but all in all, we had a great time....so much so that we went again the following night!
1	This place sucks. Trendy losers and for the most part shitty music. Rediculous cover for a place that advertises something it is not.
