3	Torn and sad I write the little restaurant that almost becomes something. I have been going to Wildflower for as long as they have been there. At first they were intriguing and refreshing. but as of late we often wonder what today's experience will be like. I will eat lunch there tomorrow, I often do after church with many others .Unique eateries are rare in these parts.  I often enjoy the Carribean Salad, Ham and Brie Frittata and the Roast Beef Sandwich.my daughter was raised on morning Glory Muffins she still adores them. The problem is inconsistency.One time delicious, one time so-so, One time fast timely correct food, the next forever we wait and items seem to come out wrong.  my girls ordered meatball sandwiches recently and had just two meatballs which looked strange on a sandwich whose essence is meatballs.The desserts and good but not memorable. fancy desserts are often not even good the feel too "hip" --ginger in your cheescake anyone?I keep going because I like the type of restaurant it is. Fast, better quality than junk food, sometimes delicious.
4	Whenever I am running around in the Deer Valley area, I try to stop in to this location. They seem to be a little less crowded (for the most part) than their other locations and I've never had an issue with slow table bus-sing, etc.The most appealing part of this chain is that their food is consistent and reasonably priced. Personal favorites for breakfast are either of the Fritatta's (Honey-Cured Ham and Brie or Feta and Roasted Vegetable) if I'm feeling the need for something substantial. If I'm feeling a little sinful, I go straight for the Lemon Ricotta Pancakes, sans syrup and slathered in fresh whipped butter and blueberry compote (ask nicely and they'll pony up extra blueberries). Blue teeth be damned, I simply can't get enough of these things - they are light and melt in your mouth with the most amazing flavor. I used to always buy a package of the mix on the way out, so that I could indulge in privacy, but I've only seen the basic mix as of late. : (For lunch or dinner I'm a sucker for the Roast Beef and Gorgonzola Sandwich (perfectly rare Roast Beast topped with fresh greens, roasted red peppers, and just the right amount of cheese) or the Wildflower Two, which allows you to select any two from their daily soups, half sandwich, or salads.If you don't have time for a meal, stop in and grab a loaf of yummy bread. My personal favorites are the Nine Grain and the Honey Wheat-berry. Or have some real fun and buy one of their mother truck-in HUGE soft pretzels. These things are so big, you could hook each side loop on to your ears and wear them as a mask... hey maybe I'm seeing a new super hero being born... pretzel man!Any way you slice it, you should be able to find something to tempt your palette, so grab your table card, fill up your drink, enjoy whatever local artist they have performing, and delight in the world of carbs!
4	It's a good place to go for a quick bite when you want a tasty breakfast but don't want to cook. You order at the counter, you hope to find a table, you wait for your food. Service is friendly but they're really busy and getting anything fixed or anything additional will probably take a trip to the counter.  The bread is, of course, delicious and they had free samples available when I went on a Saturday around 10:30 am.I had some whole grain toast with my eggs over easy and home fries and the toast was damn near the best part of the meal.  The eggs were fine and I really liked the home fries with a smattering of...rosemary.  I'd say there might be some quality issues with the home fries though because my serving of home fries was great.  Nicely-sized chunks of potato, hot, tasty.  My stepdad's side order looked like they'd scraped the bottom of the pan for his.  He had a small pile of withered slivers of potato.  So if home fries matter to you, just beware.  I went there on a quest for delicious lemon pancakes and ordered the short stack.  They were quite good but the lemon flavor is subtle so if you're looking for some punch in your lemon pancakes you won't find it here.  I wasn't loving the blueberry compote though I usually love fruit and fruit compotes on my pancakes.  Perhaps it drowned out the subtle lemon taste too much.  The hot syrup was just right for topping the pancakes.  My stepdad complained the pancakes weren't moist enough but my mom and I disagreed.  You'd think he'd be bitter after his minuscule home fry experience but he said his ham frittata was tasty and he went back for seconds on the coffee. I had a mocha with whip cream which was good though not as good as you'd get at Starbucks. All in all a great experience if you know what you're getting into.
4	I swore off wildflower many years ago after a tuna sammich gone wrong. Then, out of desperate hunger, and the need to not be near so many people, I stumbled into above listed location. Boy was I impressed. I had what is now known as the Salmon Alfredo (formerly the smoked salmon Alfredo). God damn delish, albeit a bit to much to wolf down in one sitting. The more updated dish incorporates fresh grilled salmon (outta the ocean? I dunno and there are grill marks on the meat) instead of the prepackaged smoke salmon (which I thought was very good, but obviously not fresh) over fettuccine/linguine in a very fresh white sauce. Inter-dispersed throughout the dish are sun dried tomatoes and capers, one lending a sweet tang the other like crisp, squirty little nuggets of salty goodness. Hmm.. that sounded a little gay... Oh and lets not forget the fresh Parm grated on top. Amazing. I like the toasted fresh Artisan bread too that comes with the meal, very tasty and good for sopping up sauce. And if you get the chance to have breakfast there, try the Lemon Ricotta Pancakes. The first 3-4 times you have them you will be amazed! Specially with the blueberry compote and fresh whipped butter. :) I have to say I'm getting bit tired of them and am looking forward to something new on their breakfast menu :)
4	What a fun place, happened in for lunch, now I cant wait to go back for breakfast after seeing the pancakes and breads yumm! Our lunch was great! N.Y. Deli great bread loaded with ham and swiss. Really good service, plus they had a guy playing a guitar. How cool is that! P & C
4	Wildflower is one of my go-to lunch spots. They have delicious sandwiches, soups and bread.  Some of my favorite choices are: Turkey breast & brie on 9 grainroasted sweet potato (no fennel) on 9 grain roast beef & gorgonzola on 9 grain potato cream cheese soup Service is always friendly and fast too which really helps during the crazy lunch rushes.
4	I went here with a coworker about a week ago when we wanted a nice lunch. I got the wildflower two with the roast beef sandwich and the potato cream cheese soup. I also got their iced tea which was very tasty, and a loaf of lavain bread to go with my dinner that night.Both were AMAZING. Nice pleasant service, clean, busy restaurant. Plenty of seating (even though we took it back to the office). Overall a pleasant experience. I'm sure I'll go back when I don't mind dropping $10-15 on lunch.
4	Wildflower you fickled little minx.  Well you certainly have made some great little dishes lately and not  too  shabby on service.  Thanks for the delish salad, cute little potato soup in a bread bowl and your meatball sandwiches look back to the old days.. Well looks like you are back in the family rotation  welcome back we have missed you.
4	Fresh baked breads, delish soups, salads & sandwiches. Lots of vegetarian options. This place does it right! Entrees with fresh & uniquely mixed ingredients dot the menu. On my most recent visit, I opted for the sweet potato sandwich and a creamy artichoke soup. Both were very good.
1	I've been here three times and each time I tell myself I'm not going to bother coming back...I've had the Caesar Salad before, BAD.Today I had the wildflower salad.  It was so blah and small.  Especially for the high prices.There's always a long wait to order and an even longer wait for the food to come out.  I don't know why I bother coming back.
3	stopped by for brunch with a girlfriend. my stuffed french toast was awesome, as usual. her 2 egg breakfast looked pretty good, although the portions seemed small. she said it was great. i stole some of the potatoes off her plate and they were tasty and well seasoned.why 3 stars you ask? it isn't because of the food, although i will admit i prefer to eat breakfast over lunch or dinner here. this restaurant is awkwardly laid out with tables on top of tables. people can barely scooch by to get to their table. i've waited over 45 minutes to receive my food. i've wiped down my own table because i couldn't find anyone to do it for me. granted, long waits and dirty tables happen when the restaurant is quite busy, but it isn't an excuse. staff the restaurant to handle the volume - it is predictable. i think with better management, a redesign of the table situation and better forecasting this location could be excellent.
3	Okay it's time for a little chat .. I will be honest ..you've got me.. you had me at ..well let's just say you are easy and I like it easy. You make my Sunday errands so much easier, lovely church time , lunch at Wildflower ,  then Target , costco and the gas station ...,but here is the deal . I never know what the food will be like ...big portion little portion , strange taste,  no taste , awesome taste..I am tired of the drama.. please decide on a mode and stick with it.. I need to know what to expect from this relationship .. please let me know  hugs and kisses and see you next Sunday.
4	Breakfast, Lunch or Dinner, love Wildflower. For breakfast the stuffed french toast is awesome, lunch any of their sandwiches are good. I don't really care for the salads but I love the Potato cream cheese soup. The ice tea is so good and the desserts are wonderful. My favorite thing is the Salmon Alfredo, that they serve with yummy garlic toast. I like the order at the front and they bring it to you, very convenient and I don't have to tip!
3	Free Wi-Fi...I don't get a very good connection here. There is no time restrictions like Paradise Bakery does during rush hour times, though. Also they don't block every freakin' site (that I know of)  like Peter Piper does...plus they don't have a bunch of kids running around spilling stuff on your computer.Lunch time is pretty crowded...it is hard to find a seat. I usually go early in the morning when they first open or around 3 to avoid the crowd. I don't know how dinner is, though.Prices are a little higher than Paradise I think considering the portions are smaller. Sandwiches and salads are 6-8 dollars. I've had the tuna and chicken salad sandwiches. It was way to much clover sprouts. I like sprouts, but it was like 75% of the sandwich. I like the chicken salad as a salad though. I also got the emerald spinach salad. The spicy pecans were so good! Oriental salad was good, a little heavy on the dressing. Not a big dressing person, so if your like me ask for it on the side. Their soups are good and they always have at least 2 vegetarian options...I used to be for 7 years so I know how amazing that is. I got the new mayan chai latte...i loved it. My friend hated it, so I guess thats how it goes love it or hate it.
3	Located in the Super Target shopping area at the SW intersection of the 101 and I-17.  Wildflower serves up amazing breakfasts that you order at the counter.  It's full service food without the tips!  Soups are great at lunch, and don't forget to take home a loaf of bread.  Prices are very reasonable, and parking isn't an issue.  Luna Pizza a few doors down can be tempting competition though!
3	I wish I could give 3 1/2  stars  , because I am half a fan.  Wildflower is still a solid choice for  breakfast / lunchtime . My parents love the  soups and sandwiches, so it's a great place for lunch after church. My roast beef sandwich  tasted fine, but unmemorable.  My daughter adored her Morning Glory muffin which she has everytime she is there because there really isn't anything wlse tht interests her. I wish that the flavors would have more consistent pizazz.  It's solid but no earth shaking.
4	I am a longtime fan of Wildflower, particularly this location.  I no longer live in that area but I'm quite the yelper these days so I'm catching up on the kudos.  The food here is wonderful.  The salads are amazingly refreshing, cleverly crafted, and the portions are generous.  Their selection of soups in the chilly weather are the very definition of comfort food.  The breads are amazing as well, though not the main attraction in spite of "bread" being part of their name.  The desserts range from tasty to decadent.  I also appreciate the customer service here and the fact that they do indeed bring the food to your table even when the place is jam packed wall to wall.   There is but one cautionary note for this location - the parking.  It is so not the fault of the establishment, but take note...park a little further away and walk versus parking right in front of the door because you will never get out.  It may sound petty, but the parking situation can sometimes be a dealbreaker for me.  I can't be alone on this or else it wouldn't be mentioned in the primary description for any place listed here on Yelp.  Aside from that, this and any other Wildflower Bread Co. location is definitely worth a visit for something different.  Don't leave without a chocolate pumpkin muffin if they have them!  To die for...
5	Breakfast at this place is awesome, great food, prices, and customer service unlike no other.  Once had an issue with some bread, they refunded my bread, and gave me a 10.00 gift card for the trouble.  They also respond very well to feedback on Twitter, @wildflowerbreadOne of the best dishes they have is the chicken caesar salad!  To die for on a hot summer day!
4	I like bakeries, breakfast, and booths.  Since this eatery has all 3, naturally I am a fan.  However, I was here for a quick lunch date and didn't get to partake in the breakfast menu.  The lunch is equally enjoyable.  All of the sandwiches are served on their house-made selection of fresh baked breads.Wildflower has a large glass display of mouth-watering bakery items right as you walk up to order.  In my case,  I unintentionally held up the line to pick a pastry from my top 10 list to accompany my meal before I even peruse the menu board.  It usually takes me quite awhile to order from their extensive menu, but in this case I knew what I wanted right away.  I ordered the roasted sweet potato half-sandwich combo with the cucumber, feta and red onion salad.  The sweet potato sandwich is served on focaccia bread with fresh mozzarella, fig confit, arugula, tomato, marinated fennel, balsalmic vinaigrette and of course roasted sweet potato slices.  It was delicious!  My date ordered the chicken continental sandwich complete with swiss, marinated mushrooms, carmelized onions, romaine, tomato, honey mustard on a ciabatta roll.  It was amazing, apparently...if you like those sort of ingredients.  The pumpkin chocolate chip muffin was dessert and played the dissappearing act with how we devoured it!Their breakfast menu boasts items like lemon ricotta pancakes and roasted tomato, feta, and egg sandwiches.  Their salad selection is one of the biggest I've seen.  Some of their listed salads are the caribbean cobb with jerk chicken, chopped salad with salmon, and the wildflower salad with cilantro-lime vinaigrette.  They even have fresh pasta served daily! The environment is very accomodating to business needs with individual outlets per booth and movable oversized chairs for meetings.  If I was forced to write one negative thing about this restaurant, I would say that their tea selection is small.  When I say small, I mean there is only one to select from.  It was a good tasting tea and a very good selection on my part as an alternative to soft drinks.  This is my VERY first review, so I hope that you have found it useful and enlightening.
5	At Wildflower Bread Co. I can always count on having a good sandwich, soup, or salad.  All salads and soups are accompanied by a thick chunk of their home baked bread.   The bread is the best artisan bread I've tasted - chewy with a crunchy crust, it is sold by the loaf, in many varieties.  Although it was busy on a weekday lunch hour, I was able to find a table.  And after a half hour there were plenty of seats.  I ordered a soup and salad combo. My Wildflower salad was flavorful with fresh greens and chopped vegetables.  The big cup of spicy green chili bisque was excellent.  To go with I chose a slice of their monthly special Jalapeno Cheddar bread.  It was spicy and tasty, good enough to make me purchase a loaf to bring home.  For dessert a huge chocolate chip scone, big enough for two people.  Delicious - I'll be back!
5	I wish this eatery was much closer because it is so gooood! It really does make Paradise Bakery look like an amateur! Well balanced and creative breakfast dishes make me get up and drive way too far for my ever pain in the ass stomach!Lunch is good too, although I cant remember what I had. Oh, yes it was asparagus soup! The bread is amazing dunked into any of their homemade concoctions. Makes me all warm and fuzzy inside! Great spot for a business lunch apparently. The last time I was there, it was full of patrons pouring over their paper documents and laptops keys ticking away. I felt a little left out, but Kaleb and I had our own business to attend to.........filling the belly!
4	Yelp cuts off my full review, so feel free to visit my blog for the full review, as I have condensed this one to mention just the food:http://bit.ly/bu8taT[Begin excerpt]The Food:This is what the review is all about, and this is where WBC really shines.  For the remainder of any additional WBC reviews I do, I can skip all of the introductory information and link back to it, because the food is the only thing we mix up.WBC uses very fresh ingredients.  Obviously any dishes that have a bread component to them is baked fresh in their bakery daily.  Sandwiches come with crisp lettuce, fresh tomatoes, delightful cheeses, etc.  It seems like when the owner or head chef of the WBC was creating the menu they really believed in the old creed that "Fresh ingredients make a fresh taste." In the most recent visit, I ordered the Turkey Pastrami Sandwich with the mixed chips and honey mustard on the side.This particular sandwich is a "hot sandwich" the thick layer of Swiss cheese comes melted and layered between succulent pieces of 99% fat-free turkey pastrami.  Served on a piece of caraway rye bread, I found this sandwich to be one of my favorites.  I order the honey mustard on the side, but I feel the need to explain that I do this because I love it so much. The WBC honey mustard can only be described as the thickest and tastiest combination of flavors you will ever try.  They make real honey mustard (none of this high fructose corn syrup stuff), where you can see the honey in the honey mustard.  I usually get it on the side because I am a dipper (both my chips and my sandwich) and it makes each bite have a rush of flavors.My wife ordered the Caesar salad (dressing on the side) and their famous Potato Cream Cheese soup.The customary procedure for our meals is that I sample some of her food, and she samples some of mine.  In this particular case I have actually ordered this exact meal before, so I can describe it pretty well.  My wife usually finds this to be her favorite soup.  Served just hot enough (not scolding, and not cold) it comes with a piece of bread for dipping and usually in a cup or a bread boule.  The soup has a creamy cheese taste and each bite is overflowing with soft pieces of potato.  The salad is crisp and delicious and is served with pieces of thinly cut fresh Parmesan cheese, which I promptly steal from my wife and eat for myself.  Muaha! After our meal there is a 99% chance we've already ordered some sort of pastry to nom on, so BEHOLD:  2 Chocolate Chip Cookies.Alright, let's just everybody relax.  These cookies are gooooooood.  Freshly baked, always soft, bitter-sweet chocolate chips.  I am strong enough to admit that I don't love these as much as Paradise Bakery cookies, but my wife does.  I think it's the semi-sweet chocolate chips they use.  But I can admit, these are damn good cookies.  Good enough that I order one with every meal (except breakfast).
4	Yesterday my wife and I both had a "half" of the roasted sweet potato sandwich, which normally comes with "roasted sweet potato, fresh mozzarella, fig confit, tomato, arugula, marinated fennel and Balsamic Vinaigrette on Herb Focaccia". Obviously, we get it without the mozzarella, and it's fantastic! The half sandwich is still big, don't know if I could eat a whole one.We also both got a bowl of the vegetarian chili, which is vegan. It was also fantastic.Lots of vegan bread options and otherwise (hummus plate, salads, etc). I appreciate that they use a wide variety of unique ingredients, veggies & herbs, that you don't normally find at most other restaurants. We'll definitely be frequenting Wildflower more often now.
5	We love love love this place, great food, soo many vegan options. I started going there when i was pregnant and believe me once i went there i was there every week, sometimes twice... love their Pastas, sooo much flavor and just very hearty. I have actually had most of the pastas here, love the Pesto and alfredo. Love the lemon garlic, love their spinach mushroom lasagna.The soups here are amazing, all of them, but specially Asparagus Cream, Butternut squash and Veg Minestrone, i generally order one with the Toasted sweet potato or the Portobello picnik half sandwich.. or sometimes only the soups.... Now that my son is going to be 1 year old, he also loves going there and if i try to give him some soup he will have it... I'm ure he loves it since he was in my tummy eating this food every week. LOL...The coffee and the lattes are great too. Love their cakes and pies ate a lot of it when i was pregnant, just last week i ate their Pumpkin pie again and Yes my son loved it and was asking for more. Overall the ambience of the place is amazing... and now i go there every other week... Friendly staff great service.By the way i have heard a lot about their great b'fast options, but havent tried it yet... Probably this weekend i will go to taste all that...
5	This is a great place to get a great tasting soup or sandwich.  The bread choices are all delicious and they have a variety of soups that change daily.  The staff is friendly and you can tell they really like being there and they are happy that you dropped in.  I have had more attention here than some restaurants that you would expect great service at.They also have free wi-fi which is always good.
3	The dining area is freezing! I kept my jacket on and I'm still cold. Had the Chopped Salad. The arugula was wilted, but otherwise it was good. Not sure why they use dried corn instead of regular corn, though. Kinda weird.
5	When this place first opened, I was working for a company nearby and would frequent this establishment often because it reminded me of Northern CA. It had good bread, interesting combinations and at the time, a non-chain quality ingredient type restaurant. I introduced many to this place including my Mother and co-workers galore. When I was in AZ in January, I had a breakfast date planned with a girlfriend from high school. It is amazing at what connections Facebook has brought back into my life and this is one of the great ones. I suggested to meet here because it was easy enough to hop on the 101 from Sun City and easy enough for her to hop on I-17 from where she lives. I arrived a little early and waited in the car right in front of the restaurant. I  was thrilled to see how busy it was and all the people drinking coffee and eating outside with their dogs. As I was getting out of the car, I noticed a particular stunning dog and talked to him first then looked at the owner of the pooch. Wouldn't you know it, but it was on of my old bosses (a big boss at that) whom I hadn't seen in maybe 12 years. Small world indeed!Lara walked up and we went inside. I had to keep myself from drooling at all of the baked offerings and almost ordered my old favorite lunch instead of breakfast. After going back and forth a little (this is an order at the counter type of place) I opted for the lemon ricotta pancakes and a couple of over easy eggs on the side. Lara ordered the banana nut pancakes with scrambled eggs and we both had iced tea. The bill was something less than $20 and we easily found a booth, hankered down and sipped on delicious tea while we waited for our food.The food was great-eggs perfectly done, pancakes delicious albeit a little more dense than I am used to with ricotta cakes, but really good. We took up the booth for what seemed like hours (it was really only about 1 1/2) and chatted away. Was the breakfast 5 stars, no, probably more like a solid 3.75 but for all they offer, for the memories, the company and the iced tea alone, it is a 5 all the way.
4	I have not been able to try Wildflower Bread until recently but it's reputation had preceded itself. I had this at a catering event and they did a wonderful job of adding class with salads in martini glasses. Although I did not care much about the (presumably) cobb salad, the sweet potato sandwich was a fresh take on a vegetarian option and quite delicious for meat eaters as well. The bread with olive and tomato in the center was standard bakery quality. Yum!
5	I've got to tell everyone about the fantastic sandwich I got over at Wildflower....I might have to make it a regular stop now.  It was the turkey-pastrami with coleslaw and cheese.  Man was this sandwich great, very sweet combination with the turkey and grilled cheese style sandwich.  I like this place but I had never really found an addictive meal here till this past weekend with my family.  I dont like Paradise Bakery but this place is great, the atmosphere is really nice and the service was great, the guy behind the counter recommended the sandwich and I was grateful for that.  This location is a crazy parking lot but worth the visit.
3	This is a ridiculously trendy place that all the ties come to.But what matters is that the food is good.I just didn't particularly like the "stuffy" crowd that was there when I went... um, hello, I probably make more than half of you and yes, I'm wearing jeans, so quit acting all high and mighty.  It's just a restaurant, not a club.Anyway... I had the turkey waldorf salad... EXCELLENT.  Took forever to get the food though... it was jam packed in there.  We even showed up at like 1140 to beat the lunch crew.  The line, when we got there, was out the door.  Took forever to get through the line, took forever to get our food, food was AWESOME when we got it...But all the stuffiness around us was quite annoying... people hitting your chair and not apologizing because they think they are entitled to hit your chair, and it appears people are not trained in MANNERS these days.But that's not Wildflower's fault, so I am giving them 3 stars.  Would have been four if the line weren't so long and the cashiers moving at a snails pace and didn't take so long to get the food.
1	Very unhappy customer. 9mths ago I ordered a Tuna Sandwich to go and was very disappointed. It had less then tablespoon of Tuna on it; you could not taste the Tuna. I called and complained and was told it was a mistake and they were sorry. Thought I would give them another try so I returned on Saturday March 12, 2011 ordered a Tuna to go again it had less then tablespoon of Tuna on it. This is an $8 sandwich including tax. I want more Tuna for my hard earn dollar.  Think twice before spending you're hard earn money at Wildflower, Try Paradise Bakery at Norterra just off of I17 and Happy Valley RD. Paradise Bakery has the best sandwiches and the Tuna, Turkey, Ham, Salads and Soups are GREAT.....
5	Loved this place since it open but they have changed their menu up a little and it seems they have cut corners and products out of there repartee.  The sandwich I got this weekend was very bland and somewhat disappointing in portion size I've grown accustom to at the "WBC" and they've discontinued making their bread salad. (Very disappointing)  I will be back but with fewer expectations I guess.I received an apology letter from the founder and an offer to refund my money.  I don't need a refund... this is not what Yelp is about, but it was really refreshing to know that a company still cares about their customers reviews.  After re reading my review it may have sounded worse than my experience actually was.  The sandwich I got was a new one from their menu named the Spicy Chipotle Egg Sandwich, it was good but I like SPICY!!!  I may order it again and just ask for an extra egg and some more chipotle sauce.  The gentleman did give me the recipe for the salad that I've enjoyed in the past.   This type of service is what makes a customer for life.
4	I have to say I was impressed at how the management at this location addressed the issues I voiced in my earlier review.  Just when I thought customer service was dead, especially at corporate chains, I was shown otherwise. The manager contacted me via Yelp message and offered me his personal cell phone number to discuss my visit (I didn't call, but appreciated the offer).  He also offered me a gift card to come and try the restaurant again.  I took him up on that, and went there yesterday (I tried to check-in on Yelp from their location, but apparently my signal was low in there, and I kept getting an error message).  I had the Chopped Salad again -- this time the arugula was delightfully fresh, as were the other ingredients!  I requested mine without the dried corn this time, and they offered to give me extra of something else.  The salad was great, and was served in a pretty timely fashion, though they were in the middle of lunch rush. Also the tables were cleared quickly once guests left, which was especially good because the place was packed, and otherwise I would have had nowhere to sit.  The server came back right away to wipe the table for me, as promised.   The fresh-squeezed OJ was very good, although the lid was sticky on top.  And since it was over 110 degrees here yesterday, any A/C felt good - so the temperature inside was not a problem.  In fact, it felt perfect.  Overall, a nice lunch experience!
5	Yummy, always hot and fresh. Please don't lose the integrity of your food quality.
5	Yum Yum! Carrot cake for breakfast! but that aside, they have fabulous food and I love going there. :)
2	Used to be a bigger fan of this place - before we had kids.  Then, our bouncing baby boy exposed an oversight, and much worse, an uncaring manager.My wife went to this place for lunch with a friend.  They each had a little kid under the age of 2, which means that a high chair is an absolute essential.  They bought their meals and then discovered that in the entire restaurant (which probably seats about 100 when fully packed), there were two high chairs, which of course were predictably used during the lunch rush.  They mentioned this to the manager, who was completely unapologetic and uninclined to get any more high chairs in the future.  And so they waited... and waited... and waited for a high chair to become available.  Finally, the other family left and they pounced - only to be told a mom that came in after them had already asked for it.This mom-eat-mom scenario is completely avoidable with just a couple more chairs - I mean, they're like thirty bucks! - but a simply apology, or a promise to change, would have gone a long way.  Instead, the manager just brushed off the problem and went on her merry way (clearly not a parent).Problems are fine.  Problems are fixable.  Bad management is not.  Steer clear if you have kids.
5	All right, time to give Wildflower some props for good customer service - their founder contacted me, apologized, indicated that more high chairs had been placed at the location, told me he spoke with management and addressed the issue, and invited us to try again with a gift card.  We'll see how it is the next time we go, but in the meantime I'm adjusting my rating to reflect some quality customer care.EDIT:  Next time we went, there were plenty of high chairs, the food was still great, and they were even cool with me bringing in a Chick-fil-a sandwich to pair with the soup we ordered (no matter how good your sandwiches are, it's hard to beat an amazing $2.99 Chick-fil-a original sandwich).  Well played, Wildflower.  We've been there several times recently and it is becoming a favorite.
5	This Wildflower Bread Company store is fantastic ~ a great place to go for breakfast, lunch or even dinner!  I love a good cup of soup with a side salad or a half sandwich for lunch.  If there is a Wildflower close by, that's usually my pick of places to go when given other options based on their consistent good food and service.  This Wildflower seems to be one of their best in the Phoenix market.***CAUTION*** don't park directly in front of the restaurant!!  The shopping center parking lot is designed poorly so there is a lot of traffic buzzing in front of this Wildflower with CRAZY DRIVERS!!!  They drive like they are insane and all 15 minutes late getting back to work or going to their movie.  Restaurant ~ they are conveniently located just of the north 101 loop and I17hwy in the Deer Valley Towne Center.  The restaurant is always very clean and the servers are super quick to clean up empty tables to waiting customers.  It's not one of their fancier restaurants but the atmosphere is welcoming and friendly.  Service ~ they are very quick and friendly.  They are knowledgeable about what they sell and will help you answer any questions you have about their menu, breads and pastries.Food ~ almost everything on their menu is either 4 or 5 stars.  I like their  Turkey Breast & Brie sandwich on their herb bread and their  Grilled Turkey Pastrami on caraway rye.  Both are DELISH and served with either chips, slaw or their corn salad!  Salads choices: Mediterranean salad or try their new seasonal salad ~  Fiery Butternut Squash salad is very different and a flavor-fest for your taste buds. Soups vary by day but if available both their Artichoke & Chicken Florentine and their seasonal Autumn Pumpkin soups are very good.Their are several places to choose when your craving soup, salad or a sandwich so consider going to this Wildflower.  You won't be disappointed and in fact you will probably start planning your next visit to the Wildflower.  I hope to see you there.
5	Yum! Had the sweet potato sandwich and I have to say that was absolutely delicious and would have a hard time ordering something else when I go again. It was strongly suggested so I tried it - yum yum yum!
3	Very friendly staff, gave the kids extra cookies. Fast service, clean, little tight with the seating though. Bread bowls were good. Spaghetti was mediocre. My wife enjoys this place more than me.
4	The soup and service are consistently great. I love how varied their menu is, but I tend to always get the Wildflower grilled cheese which has Brie, arugula, tomato and cheddar on it. The only thing  missing with that would be a nice glass of white wine, of course. This particular location is a little small, but the food and service is consistent with what I am used to!
4	We are not huge fans of chains, but this local chain knows how to do it right.  They use fresh ingredients and are always adding new items to the menu.  A few of our favs: Taylor Ham and Egg SandwichTurkey Waldorf SaladBeef & Cheddar Sandwich (new item)Passion Fruit Ice TeaTheir bread is also amazing as well as the chocolate sconesThe only area that could improve is their cookies/cupcakes..xoxo
4	Everything I have eaten here is delicious...a little pricey for lunch, but worth it. Its a good idea to split a pasta meal and a salad with a friend; Then you get the best of both worlds.
5	Oochie wild wild (flower)Oochie bread bread.....(company)This place is always popping with patrons during lunch. I would say one of the healthier choices when it comes to eating out. I always order their half sandwich and half soup deal. Love the French Onion and the Potato Cream soups. As for the sandwich I dig them all. The portions are just right for me and truthfully just right for most of us.  Quality over quantity is what I preach; so quit stuffing your face until you feel like you need to pop (SEVEN - Ouch!). The place has outdoor seating except I wouldn't sit there since traffic around the complex is pretty hectic.  All that dust flying around means extra salt in my diet I guess.  Indoor seating is recommended, but during lunchtime -- good luck finding a seat. I wish the place would expand! - Enjoy!
5	Good quality. Great
5	Great food!! Try the turkey and Brie sandwich and the potato cream cheese soup. Amazing!!
4	I really enjoy the food here.  Good soup and salads.  I think the bread is amazing which is always a plus.
4	I have been to this place numerous times over the last five years.  Yesterday I went inand asked for soup and a half sandwich.  (I have gotten this in the morning for years). A new managerish type came up to me after ordering to inform me that the standards don't require the soup to be made for two more hours.  I said I was confused as I had gotten it on a regular basis in the morning.  The employees  behind him told it was already ready.  Huh?  He then brought me a soup with a salad which I did not order.  I finally got my regular no thanks to this abrupt annoying manager.Other than this new manager, I have always been very happy with the good and service.
4	In the battle of Wildflower Bread Company and Paradise Bakery, Wildflower wins hands down.  The food is fresh, from scratch, with tasty, fresh produce. Paradise, by comparison, seems mass-produced, stale, and straight from a can.Wildflower has decent breakfasts, great sandwiches, very creative salads with generous portions, different soups every day, and after 3pm some great pastas.   The food and the menu and both fresh, they seem to have intriguing new salads and pastas every few months.Case in point, the Chicken Pistachio Pomegranate Salad: on paper, it's a wild combination of arugula, a touch of cabbage, sliced chicken, chunks of orange, some peppers, kalamata, feta, and pistachios.  It sounds wild, but it's tasty and refreshing, with something different in every bite.
5	Food is always good and the so is the service.  Potato soup is delicious!
4	Not as swanky or loaded with Newt Glass as the Scottsdale location but still serving the same great coffee, free Wi-Fi, and friendly staff as all the other Wildflowers this will be my "home base" location for a long time to come.  7 miles from home - straight shot on the 101.  Love it.
5	The food here is really fresh and I feel great when I walk out of here because I know just ate something healthy. The price in respect to the quality of the food and service is very fair. My only real gripe I've ever had with this place is that my ciabatta bread was stale on my sandwich one time, but I go here a lot.The breakfast is outstanding. The Stuffed French Toast is my favorite for breakfast. They also have amazing salads, I recommend the Chopped Salad. Don't be unsure about trying their dinner menu either, I get the Pesto Chicken with Linguini and honestly they have better pesto than some Italian restaurants I've ordered from; furthermore, the chicken they use is organic and actually tastes good.
1	I love Panera and moved to Phoenix from Pittsburgh, so gave Wildflower a try. Actually, two tries.The first time, I was quoted a ten minute wait for my to go order. A combo with a half sandwich and salad. Twenty two minutes later my food came, with a profuse apology. And it had mushrooms on it even though I said I didn't want them. I figured maybe it was a fluke, so I tried again today. A To go order again, just a sandwich, nothing else, with no special requests. I wasn't quoted a time. Six people ordered To go orders after me. Six people. All six got their orders, and I am sitting there still waiting. I was the only one left waiting on the bench for four more minutes. And finally my order showed up. I didn't care at that point what the lady told me was in my bag, I just wanted out of there.I live a quarter mile away from there. I went straight home and opened my bag. My bread was completely soggy, which I guess I could forgive if the sandwich was hot, steam could do that. BUT....the meat was cold to the touch. How long did the staff just ignore my order and let it sit there. I almost called the manager. Almost. But I wasn't bothering to drive back there anyways, so just chocked it up to a loss.I don't know what's wrong with the Deer Valley location on Agua Fria in North Phoenix, but they seriously need to fix their To Go issues. I won't be returning to any Wildflower from now on. Panera's food is just as good, and the service is so much better than this location's. I will wait til I go back home.
4	Ordered a the chicken salad sandwich.I was good. Price was reasonable too.
4	I like stopping here when in need of a meal and driving through Phoenix. It's right at the intersection of the I-10 and the I-17 which is quite convenient.It can get super busy, but they're pretty efficient. I like the half sandwich deal a lot. The half is still really really big and not too expensive.I also really like the vegetarian chile. I haven't been here for breakfast in forever but their options look really good.It is a lot like Paradise Bakery, but I like it so so so much more. The sandwiches are just more appetizing. Much better options.
3	Slow service, they need to hire more staff!
5	went to your web site around 8:30 on Fri to see when you guys close. you guys need to put hours on your web site. had party of 11, but no hours. went to another restaurant. but i do enjoy your food.
4	I was so excited to find out that there is a WBC here in Glendale because I had gone to the WBC in Sedona with my boyfriend and literally ate every breakfast there.  It's nice to come here for breakfast and just stay here for hours studying before an exam.  I love the cream-cheese stuffed toast and the lemon ricotta pancakes.  They also serve up a decent lunch.
4	I go through a lot of East Coast food withdrawal here.I miss NJ food..big time.There are some things in NJ that are fairly impossible to find here in AZ-so I depend a lot on my friends back home to send me stuff.One of those regional goodies is called Taylor Ham-It's a NJ thing. I can't explain it..it just rocks-the official name is pork roll I believe.Well, wildflower makes a taylor ham sandwich. I  almost died from the happiness I experienced. I saw it on the menu, and I cheered wondering if it could possibly be my beloved taylor ham from NJ.It is..I dont know why they sell it, or how they found out about it, or what genius decided this would do well, but I am not an avid fanof Wildflower from now on, and hope it never ever leaves the menu.This location is an ok size-The iced coffee is TERRIBLE. Beyond awful.It had a very artificial after taste. blech!Service was nice..a lot like Paradise Bakery. Plenty of high chairs for parents but not sure if there are changing tables in the bathroom. I'll have to check that out next time I go in.
4	I have tried various bread and pastries from this location. The cranberry bagels and scones are huge and packed. Good stuff.
4	Just had lunch and the chopped salad with salmon was excellent. Their bread is to die for. D they have a large section of fresh bakd breads and other treats.  My friend had a sandwich and she raved as we'll.  pricing was good.
5	Good food. Wasteful packaging.  Busy place. I have come to love the Sausage and Egg sandwich. Add a fairly priced coffee regill in u own mug and you've got a great breakfast for under $9.
5	One of the best sandwiches in this town. I eat here every Friday. Fresh bread with fresh high quality ingredients. You get what you pay for. It's worth it.
4	They get very busy for lunch and as a result the food suffers.  I went there yesterday and ordered the chopped salad which is very similar to a more expensive version at Cowboy Ciao.  The corn was stale, no butter for my bread, and they were so busy it would have taken forever to get some.  I like Wildflower, but only at off peak hours.Edited to add that the founder of Wildflower read this review, reached out to me, and sent a full refund for our meal, along with a gift card.  He was open to feedback and asked for me to dine there again.  It was a very nice gesture, and I will keep on going there for lunch.
2	Not a believer. While the name implies a health-oriented restaurant, the food misses the boat. Processed meats, but hopefully, real eggs. Chocolate milk with a weird after-taste = milk "product" like maybe from a powder mix? Who knows. Nice ambience and good bread products, but skip this as a breakfast option.
4	The counter service staff is always friendly and helpful.  Love, love, love the breakfast here. My mom and I stop here before church on Sundays and the service and food is always spot on!
5	I am shocked that I am barely writing this review for Wildflower Bread Company since I eat here at least twice a week. I used to be obsessed with Paradise Bakery but then I met Wildflower and so I dumped them. The reason? Their ingredients! So fresh, so delicious! I've literally had everything on their menu and there is nothing that I wouldn't recommend. Isn't that hard to admit when it's  not your mom's food you are having? Well anyways, another thing I love about Wildflower is that they are always giving back to the community. A few months ago they were running a campaign on Instagram all you had to do was upload a picture of you to share a good deed you've done in your community. I uploaded one and had the most likes, not only did I get $100 dollar gift card but they also gave $100 dollars to a charity of my choice! I absolutely have a great experience every time I go here from the moment when I step a foot in the building to the moment I walk out. Their atmosphere is comfortable and clean at all times! I like the fact that the manager is always helping the team serve the food and ensuring everything is ok with the customers. They are just amazing! Thank you Wildflower for always being fantastic not only with your customers, but with your community as well. I will continue to come for as long as I live because not only you feel my tummy, but you fill my heart with happiness :)
4	Eaten here many times, just figured I should write a review after eating at another bakery that claims to be "Paradise" that shall not be named.  Wink Wink.  They have this crazy concept of ordering your food at a register, paying the cashier, then waiting for your food to be prepared.  Mind Blown!  The only thing that bums me out is that sometimes they have the Cuban sandwich and other times they don't.  If it's on the menu it's the only thing I will order, if it's not it isn't the end of the world.  They have a wide variety of interesting sandwiches and standard soups that are done very well.  Plus they always have The Arizona Republic available to read!
4	We only stopped in for a snack and some drinks. We were greeted as we entered the door, and the place was clean and well kept. The cashier was friendly and took our order right away since we came at an off time and no one was in line.I picked out a cookie and he had a cupcake.  The cookie tasted freshly baked and his cupcake was gone in a minute or two - so I think it's safe to say it was tasty as well.This location is tucked inside of the shopping plaza and the parking can be a tad difficult to navigate with it being on the main path, but it's worth a stop off!Overall: AGood snack food, good service!
5	Wow, i just want to keep updating my review for here all the time. Everytime i have an average or a so so experience when I eat out somewhere else, I always say to my husband, "should've gone to wildflower". Such are our feelings about this place. I have never left this place feeling like i shouldn't have come here or i had a an average or bad experience. Never. I mean this place has such a nice vibe to it.
5	Always a great place for healthy choices.
1	I have eaten at wildflower in flagstaff. It was wonderful. I decided to try this one and it wasn't even like the same restaurant. Worst meal I've had in some time. Bread was under toasted ,bacon fatty ,very little lettuce      Bad experience !!!!!
4	I like this place.  One of my besties and I meet up a couple times a month for breakfast and catch up in a centralized location and Wildflower fits the bill.I've been craving the lemon-ricotta pancakes with a side of bacon and an iced coffee.  Bestie ordered oatmeal with bacon and OJ.Everything was delish and we had quite the time lingering and catching up.  This place has a nice array of tasty dishes; there's a little something for everyone that ranges from baked goods to salads, soups, and sandwiches.I'm a girl on a budget these days and appreciate the pricing, along with the quality of the food.  As an added bonus, the staff is pleasant and we were able to spend some time.This is good food at fast-food pricing.  I recommend Wildflower for any meal you can think of.
5	I've been coming here for 3years now and I have not once had a bad experience! I think wildflower strives to have excellent service and they pull it off. I am sorely going to miss this place when I move. Great coffee and great breakfast.
4	I tried something new today again! I had the Asian chicken salad. It was so good! Everything has so much flavor and a variety of textures! I will probably get the Asian chicken salad every time! Again, I ordered potato cream cheese soup. It was kind of flavorless, unfortunately.
5	3 of us went into the store yesterday for breakfast and it was a really great experience that I want to tell you about:Everybody in this group has gone through a life-changing event recently, which involved some discussion.  We got breakfast, did the requisite catch up, then hunkered down to talk about the big stuff.We ended up being there for 2 meals!!!!  Everyone was relaxed and enjoying their meal...I don't know about you but I don't often see that in restaurants anymore.Our first meal was the traditional breakfast stuff....I treated myself to the carrot cake muffin and coffee which was just right.I had the grilled cheese for lunch and it was just fabulous!  We all tried the berry pie and it is a winner...perfect texture, crust, and amount of sweetness.During the entire visit, we didn't get any nasty looks for our extended stay...I really appreciate this because my friends are hurting and a quick meal would not have been the best remedy for their situation.  I teach Emotional Intelligence and Empathy and was pleased to see that the  team definitely demonstrates these traits.I have a very short list of "5 Star" joints and this place is on it.Just one suggestion though, it would be great to have cold brewed coffee available for refills :)
5	fast friendly service. Great wholesome food
2	Would not recommend. Rude person at front counter. Didn't get what I ordered. Limited half sandwich and half salad options. Salad was $10 and not the one I ordered, and still only mediocre tasting. Would avoid if possible. Paradise Bakery has much better food and options, and is nearby.
5	Love coming to this location and the one in Goodyear. Great friendly service. Food is excellent. I love the Rosemary Chicken Linguini & the Turkey Breast & Brie.
5	A little pricey for a place similar to, but better than, paradise bakery, long wait at lunch but SOOOO delicious. I will always eat here when I can! My favorite is the salmon chopped salad with arugula. I'm usually not a big fish person and never really loved salmon but it is the perfect combination in this salad. Not your typical salad. I also love the frittata for breakfast or brunch
4	This is a chain restaurant so you wouldn't expect the food to be good, but it is. I like the chopped salad with fresh herbs. I also like their soups, and the roasted sweet potato sandwich. You can get the Wildflower Two combo of soup, petite salad or half sandwich, perfect for lunch. Their bread is great quality, always fresh. Nothing is overly salted or greasy or bland the way you expect at a chain restaurant. It tastes like someone put serious thought and care into putting the recipes together, and is maintaining standards in every kitchen.I really appreciate that they use antibiotic and hormone-free chicken and pork. They also have quite a few vegetarian options. Atmosphere is kind of generic but it is a chain. Wildflower is miles ahead of Paradise Bakery in flavor and food quality. Safe place for a good meal and the price is nice.
4	Close to my work and super busy during the lunch hours. The place is pretty big and they have multiple registers so the lines were moving fast. I was a little overwhelmed with the menu at first. Forgot to ask for any lunch specials. Ordered the asian salad and the portions were huge. I couldn't finish my salad and took half back to work. The salad was pretty good but there were way too many croutons on it. Had to fish most of it out and the ones that stayed on got super soggy. On the other hand left over salad never tasted good. So my own fault.Will probably be back hopefully during a more quiet time. Would love to hear what they would recommend. Maybe a hot sandwich will be better idea next.
3	I love this place and have been coming here ever since they opened but the last few times I've been here they can't seem to get the eggs right.  I'm kinda picky and I don't like any brown on my eggs. I've stopped ordering them. Everything else is great !!!
4	My mouth waters every time I think about coming here. For sure better than Paradise Bakery. I had a chicken pasta and soup that was to die for! I loved it, and for the pricing, I was pleasantly surprised! I think I paid under $15 for both of those in full size plus a drink. It could have been a sit-down restaurant! I've only been here once or twice, but all of my friends have gone mulitple times. I know what I'm doing for lunch soon!!
3	We always enjoy Wildflower Bread Companys food. Always fresh and delicious.  Today there is a long wait. Bit we were informed before we ordered leaving us the choice of staying or going elsewhere.  We chose to stay.
4	wonderful food! so healthy! portions are huge if you order a salad. enough for two people to share. A must have...loaf of red, white & blue bread. take some home!
