5	Best child care in the area. These folks really care.
1	Like the Anonymous reviewer from 7/24/12 said, they leave your baby in the crib to cry and don't give them any attention other than to feed or change them.  I had my son here 2 days, and both days I walked in to pick him up and found him screaming in his crib while at least one of the ladies working there was just casually filling out paperwork.  There is one lady that works in the infant room from 6:30am-6:30pm 5 days a week!  That shouldn't be allowed to happen.  No wonder she is burnt out and doesn't care when the babies are crying.  I almost quit my job as well to stay home with my baby, but then found other options that are much more caring and actually interact with the babies and do developmental activities with them like tummy time, playing music, etc.  There are much better options than this place and you don't necessarily have to spend a lot of $$ to get good care!
2	The ladies actually taking care of my children are wonderful with them.  However, dealing with Crystal in the front has been a nightmare. She is rude and very unprofessional, often speaking to the other staff members condescendingly in front of parents.
5	I absolutely adore this place. I have a 3 year old daughter who has been attending for awhile now and she loves it! We had a bad experience with our last daycare and we both had a lot of anxiety choosing a new place for her. Everyone here made the transition seamless and she has never had a bad day there. She loves her teachers, even gets disappointed when she has to leave. She tells everyone about her teachers and her friends. I can be a little over protective of her at times, seeing as how she's my first and I'm still pretty new to the whole parent world, and I can say honestly I never need to worry about her well being while she's in school. I call it school because she learns so much there. Seems like every day she comes home with a new song, or she can count just a little bit higher than the day before. She tells me what day it is, what month it is. She says her pledge of allegiance, she can count to 30, and her behavior at home seems to have changed as well. Whenever she hits a weird stage that I'm unfamiliar with (i.e. skipping naps, weird eating habits), Miss Sherri (not sure if I spelled that right) is always open to giving me advice and letting me bounce ideas off of her. Everyone at the front desk has always been very pleasant to work with as well. It was such a relief to find this place and I 100% recommend it for anyone else looking. They really do care about your child and this job isn't just a paycheck to them like some other bigger facilities.
