4	Came here with some friends on friday night. The DJ was playing some good music, the chairs were comfy. Drink prices...standard (for Vegas). We had a good time. I think the only thing bad about this place it took forever for a server to come by and clear off our table of glasses. I think when my drunk ass accidently knocked a full glass of rum and coke off our table, they finally got the idea maybe we needed some more space. Hot Go-Go Dancers and cocktail waitresses are always a plus.~G
4	Went to this bar several times during my last visit to CES.  My friends and I got a kick out of checking out the "local talent" running around this place.   Played the video poker machines for a while, but decided to retreat back into the lounge area for a while and pay for our drinks instead (we probably saved more money that way, despite the fact that they are expensive)It was a Wednesday night, but the last party night of CES, and the night before the first day of the Adult Entertainment Expo, and it was pretty crowded in there, and it was just poor planning on the bar's part to only schedule 1 or 2 waitresses.  Well, it's the first CES for the hotel and bar, so I'll give them that, but they probably should have known better.I was there also on a Sunday afternoon watching football, and it was nice that they had the matrix of big screen TVs to make up an even bigger screen to watch the game.One other thing I liked about the bar was that if you sat in the right place, you would get a good view of the go-go dancers at the Pleasure Pit... :D
3	I have my $20 double vodka sprite.I'm happy. We are wondering around the hotel. And there's an Oasis in the dark. A nice quant little Oasis...with no seating.Good thing I was happy on my drunk feet. We also found another contestant for our ugly outfit contest: A man in a shiny silver silk suit. Not the cool type of shiny. Cheap shiny. And with an orange tie and sunglasses. He was freakin' awesome.The only reason I give three stars is we never saw a cocktail waitress, even though some of us found a place to chill on what looked like comfy booth seats along the wall. Therefore I never tasted a drink, therefore can only rate on atmosphere.The walls were open so you could see into the  casino, we were right next to the go-go dancing craps tables. It was a real chill atmosphere and I would come back here fo sho.
3	Official Hooker Capitol of Las Vegas.  'nuf said.
3	Heart is a lounge in the middle of the Planet Hollywood casino with tables and go-go girls shaking their thing to remixes of the pop hits.  They somehow managed to mix Pieces of Me (please do not confuse this with Piece of Me by Britney), which I can only describe as LOL.   Ok, but seriously, the ambiance was posh and with plenty of seating around, perhaps because we were there during the early AMs of Saturday.  There were no waitresses trolling around so drinks had to be fetched at the bar and there were no minimum orders like the other review stated.  It's got a really chill vibe and anyone can just stroll in and out as they pleased.I didn't think this place was particularly special or that anything made it stick out from the billions of other lounges scattered throughout Vegas.
4	This lounge is in the center of the vortex of the tornado of Planet Hollywood and the swirling winds of the city of sin that surrounds it.  And like Dorothy before me, once I was sucked in, the world became a magical place, where I was surrounded by strange creatures in technicolor.  Or just some people in ridiculous outfits.  Heart is really quite unremarkable, which, in Las Vegas, is quite remarkable.  Having less blinking lights and commotion than the chaos surrounding it makes it, quite literally, easy on the eyes.Having lost my bearings and Auntie Em in the howling tempest  of insanity outside, I would end up here at the end of the night to seek some modicum of solace, regain my composure, count my losses, and have decent conversation with friends, and other patrons, who too, sought shelter from the storm.
3	While looking for a place to people watch on the strip while playing some video poker we happened upon Heartbar. Not the best setup for people watching because basically all you can see is your bartender with the setup they have going. Decent crowd, decent drinks, decent paytables, decent music.. blah.. nothing special, but don't really have anything to fault them on either.
4	Planet Hollywood's Heart Bar may not be everyone's idea of a good time, but it makes a great start (or end, in my case) to an evening of partying. It's relaxed in the early AM, not gaudy (especially for Vegas), offers comfortable seating, and a good view of the go-go dancers at the Pleasure Pit.My friendly bartender wasted no time (his name was Dave, so of course he had to be) getting me an orange juice ($3), the perfect end of a night full of screaming and drinking non-orange juice drinks. At the bar you can play video casino games; I had the inexplicable urge to play video poker on the electronic screen, but decided not to when I remembered I didn't know poker...Heard their regular drinks are crazy expensive, so if you're not a cheap date, gamble on the casino floor and get your drink on for free - but don't forget to tip your server[1].[1] If you see Yara, be extra nice to her, and tell her hi from me! She rocks.
2	I checked this out like a week into my stay here to meet up with some co workers and saw that they had just enough seats for them (8 people) and none for everyone else. So that is a big boo for Heart Bar, the lack of seating. The drinks are small, but good, but overall I wouldn't mind waiting to go upstairs to their other club if the time was right, because the Heart bar is ok. Lets say if you're meeting someone there for a drink, just two people, then yes go there, but if you have a group of 4 or more, check out the Venetian or Bellagio for a more spacious bar experience.enjoy.
3	Went with my fiance (who was then my BF) to get drinks. He bought me a drink and one for himself. Cost around $30 for both. Then we left.End of review.
4	Heart Bar holds a special place in MY heart.  Why?  Because I met a 14-large bachelorette party at this bar.  Needless to say, it was a perfect weekend.  Note: Unless you're looking for hookers, avoid this place after 1am.
5	good atmosphere.. Reasonably priced... attentive staff.. can get busy...
3	We were walking through PH on the way to the next casino when I was drawn to this pink light in the middle of the room, like an oasis. It was formally the Aladdin, afterall. So we walked into the circular bar. There were no seats available at the bar, so I found a table on the outer edge and ordered a glass of red wine from the friendly cocktail waitress. $10 for the house. We were going to leave when a couple of spots opened up at the bar. I felt like playing poker so I moved to the bar. Up until now, I wasn't too impressed by the place. However the bartenders  kept my wine glass constantly filled  over the next couple hours without me even asking. Seriously sweet!  I had at least 4 more glasses of wine for little more than a few dollars a glass as tip, and I broke even on the game. Woot! Some of the better comping I've had in Vegas lately. Of course my opinion on the bar changed:  I LOVE the Heart Bar.No, not really. But I did like the bartenders and the waitress seemed cool. I don't remember (of course I don't.....I was totally twisted that night) any hotties in the bar; I think it was mostly "touristy" types, and the music didn't stand out either. Definitely not what I expected given the name. However anyplace that comps that well is more than cool by me. I just  wouldn't go out of my way to go there again.
4	A good start to your evening.  Oh Heart Bar how did I end up so f'ing drunk...probably because I polished off 3 cosmopolitans in about an hour.  Vinny was my bartender and he was great, made a mean cocktail, and wasn't intrusive.  Heart Bar set the mood for a crazy night.
3	This bar is small, but its nice.  It can get hot in there.... I do not know if they had AC but we weren't feeling it!   We saw one of the Brady Bunch's lounging here.  Cool place just to relax, mingle, and drink.
4	When we arrived, I was already tipsy from the extensive wine tasting I had at Alex at the Wynn. But it was MY vacation, and the celebration of MY birthday, so I decided to have the Heart Bar be my first stop to destruction of MY liver!The music was good, better than any other bar we went to throughout our stay. We sipped on our 'dranks', my friend kicked ass at video Blackjack, and all in all we had a good time!Some bro bought me a jager shot, and I didn't even have to talk to him! I shot him over a glance, took my shot, and that was that. Score.
4	This is a great place to have a drink or four.  Confortable seating, great service, and a fun place.  Big thumbs up!
3	I was recommended this place to go for drinks here. It is a pretty small bar located in the middle of the Planet Hollywood casino, but is a pretty cool place, with great service and has a great vibe to it. It is a fun place to start your evening before a big night out or a nice place to chill and enjoy a drink or two on your own or with a friend or two.
3	SBC VEGAS SERIES: 5 of many reviewsLate late late drinks for those late late night eats...There wasn't a night that I was not at least here for a single drink.. either to start of a night out of the room with it's own full bar or to end the night on my way back to my room with it's own full bar. Unlike this bar.. my room doesn't have dancing girls... wait, erm... my room doesn't have scantily clad dancing girls... wait, erm... does scantily clad women jumping up and down on my bed count as dancing?? Like my room there were tons of lounge seats and couches everywhere.. too bad like my room they were all taken up by people who were drinking from my stash. Anyways, unlike my room there's no revolving door of people coming in and out brining with them a sense of energy, wait... never mind. I do not like the fact that when asked for my jack and coke they only had the Captain... oh well. One extra star for seeing Mike Tyson... one less star for not seeing him punch anyone. ;P
3	Right there in the center of the PH casino sits Heart Bar...many a time was spend at Heart Bar...drinks were heavy and the waitresses were nice...there were girls dancing (sometimes) and they were pretty cute...There are prostitutes here...I seen em..=)  just deal with it...and be careful. Definitely a chill spot in which you can stumble into at any given time and enjoy yourself.
5	I was shooting here for a show and I played the part of a cocktail waitress. I've NEVER waitressed in my life so I had to figure out how to carry a tray of drinks ASAP! Thank goodness I met John and Tina that works at the Heart Bar!! John is the absolutely sweet and charismatic bartender and Tina is a hot and funny cocktail waitress ! She's so so cute! LOVE HER!John made faux drinks so I can carry them on my tray and BOTH of them gave me a quick Waitress 101 class. About 10 mins later, I carried the tray with no problem!!The bar has an awesome decor, its round, and it has cute waitresses! I love this place!Thanks John & Tina! You guys are the best!
4	I had an awesome experience at Heart Bar. My first time in a bar since I had just turned 21. It has a loungy type of feel, yet feels open with the ringing of slot machines and people trekking by. My sisters ordered for me since I have no experience in the alcohol department. I got a purple hooter (tastes like kool-aid) and a surfer on acid (i think this one tastes like coconut). Those are good newbie shots, for sure.
4	This was a very chill place to kick back and have a few drinks. The atmosphere there was pretty relaxed, and it was fun to sit there and do some people-watching while I was getting my buzz on. The sadist in me enjoyed seeing guys getting shot down there by females who they tried to spit game at, haha. Maybe they should have changed the name of the bar to "Broken Heart Center Bar" on the night that I went there.
4	My hubby and I killed some time and a few drinks here waiting to go to the airport.  So it wasn't during the hopping night time action, but a great spot none the less. The heart bar is in the center of Planet Hollywood Casino and is open to the rest of the casino.  This makes it the optimal people watching spot.  We sunk into the comfy leather seats that line the outside and was waited on by a very friendly and attentive waitress.  Only complaint is the booze is pricey!!! But that is Vegas when you are in a bar in a casino and not on the floor.  Awesome place - would spend some time there again!
4	Killed some time here while waiting to go to the aiprort. My wife and I both had a couple vodka's and the tab was $50, so definitely not cheap The seating was super comfortable (deep, leather couches) and the service was excellent. Great place to people watch and kill time!
2	Small and cozy. You'll have to make what you want out of it. Remember, this is a casino bar mostly used to meet up before heading out for the real fun. Fun's not going to come to you here!   A couple of gogo dancers at each corner of the bar but nothing to tip them for starting later in the evening. I think the dancers in the casino area are hotter. Service sucked, the waitresses were mediocre and the drinks were plain. It was fun because we made it entertaining.Good place to meet up with a not-so-quick drink.
2	Loved this bar.  It was great place to chill before hopping to the next hotel.  It's in the center of the casino, so it's great to people watch.  But good luck in getting a drinkWaitresses will walk right pass you and not acknowledge that you're even there.   You literally have to wave them down otherwise they walk around looking for a douchebag in a suite to serve instead.  It would actually be faster if you waited behind that large crowd at the bar for your turn to get a drink than waiting for a waitress to take your order.
5	This, is by far, my favorite bar in a hotel on the strip!!!The music is great cuz they have a DJ on the weekends and it's like dancing in the club without the entrance fee and the drinks aren't insanely ridiculous.Always have a good time here =) AND see RICKY, our favorite bartender in Vegas! Always treats the Hawaii locals like fams.
3	Nice location in pHo, very stylish..........but the drinks are pricey and the service blows.  Not in a good way either.I'd come here for one drink.........maybe a night cap but don't spend an evening here. You won't get the drinks quick enough to keep your buzz and your wallet will be empty in no time.  My Mojito was $14.  It was VERY strong and delicious but probably more worth $10.  Whatever, I ended up watching the Super Bowl here with a group of people I knew.  Good place to watch the game and very comfy.  Just bring your credit card or the Benjamins if you plan on being here a while.
3	When staggering back from the lat night runs at the bars, it is always nice to have a bar located in your hotel so you can get more drunk and then just walk up to your room. This is exactly what this place is: an okay hotel bar. The decor is nice and late at night the scene is lively, but I wouldn't come here as my primary destination. Semi-cheap drinks and loud music available here.
3	AFTER WE GOT REJECTED FROM KOI!!!!We came to Heart Center Bar.  WE tried to make the best out of the situation.  Unfortunately it didn't get any better.  Heart Center felt more like for senior citizens.  Maybe it was that one time, but that is what I am going off it. It felt that there was no one under the age of 50 at the bar.  We only stayed there for 30 minutes and had one drink and left. Once again this is going off of one visit.  I will be going to Vegas this weekend and will stop there again. If it is better I will update my review, if not It might get worse. lol
2	Seats are comfy when you've been walking around all weekend. That's why it gets two stars.My friends and I came in on a slow Sunday morning to watch the game and relax, and after sitting for 20 minutes and the cocktail waitress glancing over at us she found herself too busy eating her fritos to come and offer us any drinks or even say hello. I love PH, but I think I'll explore other bar options if I really wanna get my drink on.
3	Located smack dab in the middle (or heart) of Planet Hollywood's casino, the Heart Center Bar is hard to miss.  All the seats were taken last Saturday, but there were plenty of tables to stand at.  Too bad the cocktail waitresses were few and far between, so I had to walk to the bar to get our drinks.  Drinks were in the $12 range, but they a guy at the bar told me that Crown Royal Black was just $3.  The bartender shook his head in disgust when I ordered it, but I didn't care since I just saved   a bunch of cash.  Score!
3	Spin the wheel and get yourself a cocktail.  I've been here before when i was a guest at PH hotel and it's the house bar and center of the casino.  It's comfy, cozy when you want to hang out and have a cocktail, take a break for a bit.  We received a free cocktail from spinning the wheel at entrance for some promotion they were running.  Love the vodka tonic - just enough liquor to tonic water.  Was here one night with a DJ playing - really great music kept us there longer than we expected.
3	Came here for the first time with my friend Brandon and kinda liked it. The bar is in the center of the casino which makes it great for people watching. We sat down and I didn't know what I wanted so Brandon decided to order me something called AMF (adios mother effer) and I kinda liked them. The bartender kept them coming whenever he saw my glass getting low and I appreciate that but I think anymore than 3 AMF's is too much.I liked this bar and might return but it wont be my first choice.
4	Stopped by last Saturday night with The Better Half to have a glass of Wine.  It was around 9 pm and the place was nearly packed.  We found a couple of seats at the bar and enjoyed the dance music the DJ was playing.  The music volume was just right; we could have a conversation without screaming at each other.  The glass of Wine was $8 for the house Cabernet, not bad for the Strip.  The vibe was good and the crowd was decent.Will I return?  You bet.
1	Bar was pretty cheap but wasn't interesting. Just a normal bar.
3	So I won 2-for-1 drinks at theHeart Bar. The were both super weak drinks. They played some cool music, though... More wairesses in lingerie. Ugh.
3	Expensive drinks but it is Vegas so that's expected. Decent bar though some what slow for service but a good view for people watching. I haven't been during late night hours but this place could get quite busy.
4	Stopped by on a Thursday night around 12 for a couple of drinks with the BF. The bartender was efficient but the drinks were pretty weak. The music was nice though and we were able to snag a seat and talk without being bothered. Also won some $$ here at the blackjack machine, so that's a plus :)
5	No matter what I always stop by here! My first time here was back in 2007 it was hard for us to flag a bartender down at first, then we saw an asian bartender with a mullet, yes a mullet but he ROCKED it! My boyfriend says, "Ask him for a drink, asians always help asians" HA and he did!! As soon as some seats cleared up in his area we sat down, we actually had a conversation with him, which is hard to find a bartender in vegas that will do that since it's so busy. For some reason I was undeceive of what drink to order so he made me some of his special creations. Because of Riki (bartender), we always come here to visit him and say HI and he ALWAYS remembers us!!
4	Okay okay... I had to give heart bar another chance.  Plus, this is a great mecca for people watching.  You got your guidos, you got your asian tourist, you got your prom queens, and a dash of vegas gritty elvis wannabe's.  I love people watching here.  Now the music is eh-so-so.  I mean they mix everything with house.  Ever heard "I'm on a Boat" - the house remix?  Well, I finally have.  And It was at Heart Bar.  o_OAnyways, to my surprise, the 4th time I've been to this bar, the waitress actually acknowledged us.  Man, I have to point that out.  Cause ALL the other times i've been here, the server wouldn't even LOOK at us.  Damn, making me say "Damn, I just wanted a drink, ma."  ::side stare::.  But this last time around, she served us AND we were able to get through two round of drinks very smoothly.  I had a great time in there.  I wouldn't spend my entire night at Heart Bar.  But it's definitely a great way to start the night or a nice pit stop if you're just walking along the strip.
5	Five stars because of the awesome DJ N.I.N.O (neva imitate no otha).  Sister and I do Vegas trips at least once a year and we just can't stop heading to PH and the Heart Bar to rock to N.I.N.O's tunes.  In fact this year we are staying at PH just so we can stay up all night and groove.I don't really care about the waitrons and the drinks.  I like my tunes and I like the sweet vibe of the DJ.  uh huh!!!
3	Can't get in to the shitty club upstairs? Too many ugly people in the club? Just not feeling the music? Then come on down to this no line, no cover, no BS guestlist bar and drink the night away.
4	They had a DJ spinnin this past sunday night and it was crackin!! The music he was playing was also the music going through the entire casino which was awesome. He was playing everything from Hall & Oates to Too $hort!! Who wouldn't love that!?!? There was a small area to dance if you wanted too put it was more of a bar/lounge.
1	This center bar is just cringe-worthy. Loud, packed, and obnoxious. Though, I guess it just comes down to timing? Almost naked women gyrating to a bad DJ in a tiny bar packed with drunk fools isn't exactly my idea of a good time. It's not even good people-watching.
4	This is by far my favorite bar in Planet Hollywood.  Nice, laid back atmosphere not to mention the beautiful gogo dancers.  Drinks are pricey but the service is good, it's a great place to sit and relax for a bit!
4	Possibly, my favorite bar in Las Vegas! It's smack dab in the center of Planet Hollywood, fairly large, circular and has tons of seats. I like the couches because it gives you a great view of the gambling floor for some legit people watching. We've always had great service here and yesterday was no different. They have gotten a bit crazy on checking ID's...checking once at the bar, then again by the waitress after you sit down but apparently they got popped by undercover cops and are super strict about it now. No biggie, we were all over the drinking age and to me being carded is  a compliment!
4	This is a nice spot to hang out and get a drink or seven or ten.. I can't quite recall how many, but it was fun, plenty of things going on to keep it from being dull.. Had to get on the server when the first couple drinks came out watered down.. but then they got with the program.. The servers were friendly and the dancing girls were ok.. Some of them even came and hung out for a while when they got off the stage. Definitely a cool little spot.
4	So here is the lowdown and the deal: I am a local lady. I dont look too shabby I may say. I am supertall and everyone stares at me because I usually always wear superhigh heels.This bar is HOOKER central station. NOT lying! I am used to people stare at me because of my height, but this stare walking in was like a bloody goat swimming by a school of sharks... not kidding!I met my awaesome fantastic date there. It took me a while to find him since he was gambling with blond boobs. But once we sat down and started boozing and making out we had the BEST time. The waitresses are hot, sexy, boobilicous and very attentive. Make sure you tip them!!!I left my man about 2 times to go tinkle, when I came back he had about 2 to 3 cards of hooker ladies. Honestly though, they are good looking. If he would buy us one, I could have fun:) work it ladies :)The dancers are hot, make sure you put some $ on their stage. Even the boobs stay covered.The next night I totally made out with a sexy lady I met there, my cute date was there and her BF, who didnt care lol tells you its Vegas!  In my defense, it was AVN week and she did look like Sasha Gray!It is a nice fun bar, loud, Dj danve on the table, find a hooker or have a great night with a date! GO!
5	Riki and John are two of the best bartenders in Vegas. The bar is loud, fun, and great drinks.
3	Not a bad place to rest if you want a drink. The dancing girls are entertaining.
3	This bar, to me, is only good for a meet up spot to have a few drinks before you head out and the real fun begins. And on top of that, it is only a good meet up place if you can find seating! Generally the turn-over in this bar is pretty quick so it's not too bad of a wait, if you have one at all.The drinks are really expensive and aren't very strong (Not that that is much different than any other bar in Vegas!) so we started bringing our own drinks in and they didn't seem to mind. We didn't keep them blatantly out in the open, but they were visible.Also, the music was better on some nights then on others. Not sure how often they switch out DJs... I stayed in Planet Hollywood so it was a convenient bar and meet-up place at the time, but this bar is definitely not a point of destination for me. I will most likely only be back if I stay in Planet Hollywood again.
3	This was our meeting point while we were in town with some friends and it proved to work out quite well. With the bar allowing plenty of room for large groups to hang out as well as quality drinks I was never disappointed. My first visit here we had the incredibly awful luck of sitting next to a bachelorette party full of  middle aged women in heat. Picture a bunch of female cats in heat with their ass in the air and alcohol in their systems. I felt like I was sitting next to a bunch of D class celebrities with all of the single 50 year old men taking pictures with their camera phones while the girls posed as skanky as possible and kissing each other to boot. It got to a point where I wanted to start yelling obscenities at the table, but I refrained because well......I am better than that. OK OK, enough of sounding arrogant. This bar has great drinks and such a comfy atmosphere that it's a great place to pregame before going out and hitting the town hard. I recommend you stop by if you're in the vicinity.
2	$42 for two double talls and I didn't even get to see any of the hookers mentioned in other reviews.
4	This centrally located bar makes for a great place to gather people together for either a night out elsewhere or for a few quick drinks before hitting up a show.  People have brought their own drinks and dont get hassled.  Most evenings, go-go dancers hit the platform and dance to the music pumped out by the DJ.  As a bar it gets my 3 stars as it is about the same here as anywhere else on the casino floor but gets a 4 with the added eye candy... just remember if you're going to sit, order from the waitress.  It's only fair, right?
4	Once again this bar has yet to fail me.  The service was excellent from my bartender for years, Riki.  We had a great time once again and will be back.  The crowd is a mixed crowd and is a great place to pre-party..  The DJ plays great music that will kick off your night on the town in the right direction.  The great drinks will also help you start in the right direction.
4	Love It . I was a the Annual G4 Gathering and we always make the Heart Bar our last Watering Hole of the night . They Treat us very well there.  Drinks are Stiff and Pours are good. Dj plays solid Music and The Dancers are Hot and Very Friendly . The Bar is in Stumbling Distance of the Room  LOL.
1	An awful, rude bartender cheated me out of $14 the other day. I had a coupon for a buy one get one drink free. He did not seem very happy about this. A vodka and soda and a mai tai were ordered and he said $14. I asked if that was correct. There's no way it was that much. My thought is the coupons help drive further business and people often end out getting a 2nd drink. I surely would have but not after he was rude and charged me that much. Also, he never gave me a copy of the bar tab prior to swiping my credit card so I couldn't even see how it ended out being that much. Bad, bad experience and I won't be back. That's a shame because Planet Hollywood is my favorite casino.
3	Planet Hollywood---yes, that's the hotel where they have scantily clad girls dancing right behind you as you're playing blackjack. Me and my girlfriend had a coupon from restaurant.com to buy a drink and get one free (thereby making each drink cost as much as it would have at any swanky bar in a city like Cincinnatti or Buffalo), so we stopped by. I remember spending time in this lounge with a few friends years ago when I first came to Vegas. At night it has the reputation for being the site of prostitutes looking for business but during the day its generally deserted. Expect to pay premium prices for sitting in a reserved area.
4	A perfect place to hang out and watch all the happenings in Planet Hollywood's casino.  The bartender was really nice and, after I was tired of wine, he was able to fix an awesome martini for me.  We had a great time.Thank you.
2	Slow service. I want my drink now. Guy behind won't cut down on his smoking but I guess I can't complain because it's Vegas. 39 minutes later. Still no drink.
4	I came here to gamble and gamble I did sir!
4	its always fun to party in vegas.but when you want to hit up a spot to chill before hitting up the club,the heart bar is where to be.pretty chill and the bar keeps are nice and fast with your booze
4	Had a great time here celebrating my brother's birthday.  Service was great and the drinks kept flowing.  The waitress we had was very helpful and even though there were some drinks not on the menu; they were able to make it for us.  The vibe here was great.  Thank you for a great time!
4	If you're staying at Planet Hollywood, this is a great place to go if you want a night cap before headed up to your room, have some time to kill and want a quick drink before dinner.  There is a blackjack table by the entrance and video poker at the bar.  You're right next to the pleasure pit, so the bar/lounge absorbs all of the energy of the DJ and the gogo dancers that are outside.  Prices are reasonable for a bar/lounge in a hotel lounge.
5	We love this bar! It's our staging spot before hitting other clubs and bars on the strip. Get there before 9 pm for happy hour drink specials. The music is great and there's a giant video screen which is entertaining. But not as entertaining as the dancers, of course. They give me a reason to live!
1	Horrible service. The bar was practically empty and they acted like they were going out of their way to pour you a drink after the bartender finished his snow boarding story to the other bartender. Forget about the tattooed wattress serving you.
2	Again, painfully slow...I mean now I know why so many people get bottle service in Vegas...it's the only way you can get drunk if you have a timetable!Getting up to go to the bar b/c your server or waitress is a no show is not much faster.  In fact, the one bartender told us it would be a 10 minute wait for a drink. Now I don't know about you, but if you are on a 10 minute wait time frame for drinks up at the bar, then maybe we should hire more people?The 3 things they got going for them are:1) it's never crowded (probably should tell you something)2) they have 2 for 1 Corona and Skyy Vodka specials3) They have one massive TV made up of like 16 smaller TV's for Sports watchingi actually liked the music, I think we all did, but we didn't see a DJ.
3	Briefly visited this little spot after the Yelp event at Koi- BF wanted to check out PH's poker situation, and I wanted to check out more of the dancers I saw on the stages surrounding the bar area- not even entirely sure they're stages, but there were a few attractive and scantily-clad ladies gyrating and they caught my eye.The spot is surprisingly intimate and cozy considering it's in the middle of the PH floor and right next to the poker tables, but somehow it works- it's in the heart of the casino itself. Wonder if that's where they got the name from?In any case, I got the vague impression that drinks here were going to be pretty pricey so I didn't order anything crazy- reviews here seem to run the gamut from "comped more than I paid for" to "$16 each" so perhaps that was a good call.Even if you don't get your drink on here, it's a great place to people-watch, both for the dancers and abundant foot traffic.
2	Stopped in here while waiting for a table at Gordon Ramsay BurGR.We sat for 5 minutes, and the server acknowledged us once, saying I'll be right with you...15 minutes later we hadn't seen her.The boys went to the bar to order, and as soon as they did, our table was ready, so we only tried one drink: the Southern Belle:  it was really good, but not worth waiting 20 minutes for.
1	Torn upholstery, indifferent service and overpriced drinks, in addition to poor seating and a high noise level made this a place to avoid. I have nothing positive to say. Usually I can find something nice to say....I guess the glassware was clean. Let's go with that.
1	Dropped in for happy hour, and couldn't get a waitress.  Finally came she wasn't attentive at all.
1	$11 for a vodka tonic that tastes like watered down perfume and chemicals.We were sitting in the lounge area of the bar for about 15 minutes and were ready to order some drinks. There was no server or waitress to be found. After waiting a long dreadful while, we lost patience and my uncle decided to order at the bar. Coincidently, that was when the waitress decided to show up. She looked bewildered and sloppy as heck. Not sure why her dress was in all sorts of wrinkles and ill fitting on her body and her hair looked like it hadn't been brushed in weeks. We told her that we already sent someone to the bar to grab the drinks and she looked upset, confused and said ok and walked away. Sorry lady, ya snooze, ya loose! The table was filthy with trash and old drinks from the previous occupants and the lady just left the table as is. I was pretty grossed out about the service and the vibe of this bar. Not to mention the drink prices were a steep $11 for a crappy tasting watered down vodka tonic. Yeah, I get it that it's the strip prices etcetera etcetera, but does it have to taste like perfume and chemicals? I had a stomach ache soon after. On a side note, the booth seats that we were sitting in were so worn down, broken in, damaged, ripped and shoddily patched back together and extremely uncomfortable to sit in - I sunk into it like it was the black abyss. Tourists and locals alike, be wary of this place.
3	Entertaining bar to be in the middle of PH's casino since they have dancers near the booths.  If you're staying at PH, check out the booklet that holds your room keys, there's a coupon for 2 for 1 drinks for this place.Music wasn't bad either.  Drinks were exp..one diet coke, one jack&ginger and 1 capt & coke for $40.
1	Bartender Micheal was very unfriendly. He sucked! If you go make sure its not micheal with his little ponytail. Just sayn.
3	Anyone hungry? Because this place was one large sausage fest.  My gal pal and I went to see the Britney show in the Axis theater which is steps away from Heart Bar.  Upon leaving, an employee told us to check out Heart Bar for the "Official Britney Spears After Party". Being on a Britney high, we of course went to check it out after we grabbed something to eat.  We came back about an hour later, and it seemed so dead.  This was a Friday night at around midnight.. this is Vegas, I was expecting it to be hoppin'.  They had terrible go-go dancers dressed up as Britney in the school girl outfits, it was totally ruining the Britney high.  The go-go dancers outside in the casino itself near the tables were much much better.  The central location of the place is cool because you can see everything going on in the casino, but that's about it.  Oh and the bartender is pretty cool too.  I told him my friend and I went to the Britney show, and he told us we get free special themed shots with our ticket stubs.  Only her and I actually went to the show, so we expected him to give us 2 shots, but he gave us extras for everyone in our group.  How nice! Now back to the festival of sausage.... it was an infestation.  When I heard Britney Spears party, I'm thinking cutesy, cosmos, martini's, flowers, glitter, cheerleader theme, sparkly princess stuff, etc.  Nopes.  There was probably about 6 or 7 girls in the whole place, us included. The music they were playing was good, but not good enough to stay.
5	Love this bar and come here every time I pass through PH. I love the atmosphere of the whole Casino to begin with, good music, good vibe, friendly staff. Heart bar is, ironically, the heart of the casino being in the center. Never have had problems finding a seat, drinks served quickly. Love it.
1	Being ignored for 10 minutes in Las Vegas when you are two girls at a bar is highly unlikely. But the older, heavier bartender at the heart bar is doing a great job in just that - topping it off with a 'seen-it-all'- I've had enough - jaded attitude that's not the charming kind but the one that makes you walk away. Which is exactly what we did after he walked away while we were ordering. I was a bartender, cocktails mixer, waitress, hostess for a few years and know the game. The game of the bartender of this bar (working in 09/11/14) was absolutely unacceptable.
2	My friend and I came here after seeing Britney in concert. We ordered two glasses of wine and watched people ogle at dancers dressed as "Baby One More Time" Britneys. There's something really off-putting about having gogo dancers dressed as school girls. Maybe it was just creepy?Heart Bar is advertised as the "Britney Afterparty". No. Unless your idea of an afterparty is sitting with out-of-place patrons and buying OVER-priced drinks, there is nothing at the Heart Bar worth celebrating. Drink selection was nice, but the ambiance didn't invite any incentive to order a second round.
5	This is the center bar at Planet Hollywood. The DJ is playing good music but the important part is that the bartenders have a strong hand!!! They don't skip on the alcohol, strong drinks good to start or end your night!
3	Just a small bar located in the center of Planet Hollywood.I don't remember if they were playing music or not, but if they were, it was really quiet.The server here was very friendly and helpful.She even told us about drink specials that they had.Buy One Get One Free selected beer.& Buy One Get One Free Sky Vodka mixes.Pretty good deal for a bar on the strip.Just a chill place to hang out and talk for a bit.
