3	The best part of this bar is definitely the mechanical bull!  There's also free popcorn and some fun drink specials. The ambiance isn't totally unique or the scene super awesome, but if you have a large group its a lot of fun to watch your friends attempt to stay on the bull. Anyone can ride for free!
5	This place is honestly one of a kind; trust me, I've drank at a lot of places, I know!  I've drank in a dorm room, in a bathroom, in a park, in an alley, on top of a person, on a rooftop, hell even in a club! Now, refocusing back from that tangent, if you're looking for a place to go that's pretty frudruckering sweet- look no diggity damn further.The place is like an enjoyable acid trip from that guy you knew a few years back who would drink cough syrup to get high and ask you for painkillers when you had them prescribed to you for a broken bone or something.The place is made out to be some kind of a Quebeqer sports bar, but don't let that get your hopes down!  It's actually really nice inside and the people are friendly and not hateful..unless you're wearing a Leafs jersey..then well, you deserved to be stoned to death.In all honesty, the place is amazing.  It's got zebra print on its walls, a gigantic moose head attached to the wall behind the bar with bras hung from its antlers from slutty patrons of visits past.  They've got about 12 flat screen tvs that usually play hockey, but occasionally stream old western cowboy flicks and there is enough seating that you won't have to scrounge around for a table to sit your boring self down to water down if you're the shy type.  This place also has stripped poles on the bar top, so you'll get the occasional girl who's just had too much to drink prance around for you for free- that kind of entertainment in my opinion is a toss up since, you might get a fatty who would weigh down the bar but hell, a show's a show I suppose and Sea World charges!  In terms of other stuff that may catch your eye in this place, there's a mechanical bull..nothing special..just a mechanical fucking bull raging in the back for people to get flung around by...for yes..that magic word...FREE.The place is relatively cheap for the drinks and the serve great Molson beers as well as cocktails that come in those buckets that kids use for sandcastle buckets.  Have one of those and you'll crawl home or stand outside puking in tears like the girl you just watched dance on the pole as she vomits her regret back out.People are friendly, staff is great and yes, free popcorn.  Don't come here expecting to be that cool catch bag who will pick up..it's a gentleman's bar that ladies frolik into without fear of being hit on by some dirt bag...oh ya, they also have astroturf grass on the ceiling...ya...From the same owners of Go Go Lounge, this place is a great and surprising step up from its predecessor, which in my opinion is utter shit...I guess the owners covered both extremes of good and bad pretty well.Go there, ride a bull and have a good time.  Who knows, ladies and gents, you might go home riding something else...HEYYYYAAAAAA!
5	I am not from Montreal..actually from Texas...Chez Serge is super fun! We felt right at home and while not a cowboy bar, they sport friendly service and great drinks...Chez Serge offers a Small, but Great selection of Kentucky Burbons! The decor is classic.. padded walls? LOL.. Grass ceiling?  The big garage door front was wide open on a beautiful spring evening....Great drinks, friendly staff...we were set!
5	Chez Serge might just be one of the coolest places I've ever set foot in dans Montreal. Maybe it's the fact that I was expecting something entirely different with the name and limited description, both leaving me shocked when I walked in. A flame print painted door could lead to anything! A bouncer will then size you up. The space is very unique to say the least. Zebra print here, grass on the walls and ceiling there. Plastic, colourful, ornate chandeliers hanging down just as elegantly as the bras that hang off a moose head by the bar. And we know why! It seems the girls dancing on stripper poles (free will, unpaid) on the bar are a permanent fixture. I ordered a bucket of cosmopolitan and that is no exaggeration. I actually received a turquoise and pink, children's playschool bucket of mixed drink, various citrus slices and six colourful straws. The thing is a bit unwieldy but you're in good company. Every fifth person has one so it's not that weird to be carrying it around with two hands. The best part of Chez Serge is the reason why you should make it a destination. FREE MECHANICAL BULL RIDING. You don't have to sign a waiver, you don't have to pay a cent. You just have to hop into the ring in the crucial three second break after someone else gets thrown off. Your ride will be projected in live time to various other locations of the bar so be good! Note: if you're a dude or the guy handling the joystick doesn't like you, your ride will be infinitely shorter. But it's so fun! They play really fun music at the same time so feel free to get your groove on while you ride. If you can snag a booth, the service is really great. Not to mention everyone that works there is quite attractive and wearing a tight, black, Chez Serge T-Shirt. And they will also clear everything, give good drink suggestions and help girls off the bar that have had one too many. Sweethearts. If you can't tell already, I will definitely be coming back to this establishment when I'm in MTL.
4	This is place is what happens when mix Coyote Ugly with Quebecois joie-de-vivre. It's definitely a place to go when you went to get a bit silly, a whole lot of crazy, or just have a good time getting very drunk.The motif is over-the-top Americana, from the Las Vegas style sing out front to the mechanical bull in the back. There are stripper poles going from the bar to the ceiling, and for a few dollars, a bartender will get up on the bar counter and help you beer-bon either a normal sized bottle of beer or a 40oz-er.The stalls in the men's washroom are swinging, Western saloon doors, and mounted to the ceiling above the urinals are flatscreen television so you an watch the game while you relieve yourself. When there is no game on, the flatscreens and projectors out in the barroom feature music videos to the bar's soundtrack.The only beer on tap is Molson Ex, but it's the coldest Molson Ex in the city, and there's a full selection of other labels in bottles. There's also free popcorn to keep you thirsty.It might not be a place that you'd end up becoming a regular at, but it'd be a shame if you didn't drop in at least once -- or once in a while.
5	I've been to many a bar in my lifetime - and this is probably the most ridiculous.  That shit was... fucking ridiculous.  After a ritzy dinner at aPdC and artisanal craft brews at DdC - we decided that most logical next event was to ride a mechanical bull.  It was time to let the tiger out of the cage.Let me try to describe this joint in point form: - $3 coat check, no cover - free popcorn - free mechanical bull - only a good look for ladies, but still fun for all.  It's much more difficult than it looks - especially when you're loaded. - $20 6 oz. tiki drink 'buckets' - bras hanging off the moosehead - astroturf/zebra print ceiling and walls - Coyote Ugly style dancing on the bar, equipped with stripper poles - for the bartenders and confident ladies (or fellas too, I suppose... but not really...) - beer bongs - as soon as I learn there were beer bongs, it 'go time'.  Had a true 'Frank The Tank' moment here.  My beer bonging skills have been compared to 'watching MJ in his prime' and having a 'soaking wet' effect... so I get gitty and jump at every chance to do it in public.  Bartender was impressed with my performance.  Game recognize game, yo. - bartenders are not only hot, but attentive and generous - free bourbon shots with attractive, scantily-clad women?  Yes please.Honestly, the most fun I've had in a bar in ages.  Yes - it's sounds like it's some lame-ass yuppie faux-cowboy bar - but this place is FUN.  If you can't have fun here, just dig a hole and bury yourself.
1	The bar was ok if you want to get hammered and pick up, which most people do so I'm not hating on that. 1 Star becasue when it was time to leave we were sitting at the bar waiting for the line at the coat check to subside, the bouncer ordered that we go and line up... I said no we were waiting for the line, bouncer grabs me and drives me through a crowd of people, knocks over some poor girl in the process, knocks me to the ground then throws me out. Probably the most insane bouncer behaviour I have ever seen, friends thought it was funny becasue I was the sober one. Bar manager should review the tapes because that was outrageous!
5	Ahhh.. what can I say about Chez Serge! It's special, it's unique, it's rowdy, it's wild, it's absolutely batshitcrazy. You have to be in the right mindset when entering, otherwise don't bother. (I'm talking about weekends.) If you're in the mood to let loose and go nuts, no need to look any further. This is the place to go. If you're in your mid-late 20s and older, keep in mind that it's a younger crowd, so expect a younger vibe... but that won't matter when you're too tipsy and/or drunk to care :) Take a ride on the mechanical bull, it's free and it's a rare find in Montreal, let alone Quebec. Enjoy your beverage in a large bucket for 20$, order a beer bong for $10, or your usual single drink, and get ready to get smashed. Munch on some free popcorn while you're at it too, it's always fresh!** For the ladies - you can dance on the bar, twirl around the pole, and if you're daring enough... leave your bra on the moosehead! ** You will definitely stumble out of that bar when you're through. Have fun and be safe!
5	This bar is amazing plain & simple. It's not your regular bar, it's wild & pretty crowded. I love the buckets of alcohol, you can get so hammered so quick. The people there are fun. This is definitely the place to go to get a bit crazy. The unique thing about this bar though is the mechanical bull. You haven't been to Chez Serge unless you've tried the bull. They also show all the main sporting events on about 8 TV's, but once the party starts you won't be watching them anyways. If you live in Montreal or are coming to visit you have to go to Chez Serge! My favorite bar Montreal.
5	One of my favorite bars in Montreal for the buckets of drinks for 20$, fun music and the bull!A little out of the main bar scene but definitely worth the cab ride up there!
3	Came here for the mechanical bull and for drinking out of a sand pail pretending I was at a full moon party in Thailand and that I was still in my 20s. I quickly realised that I am now in my 30s and that sugary drinks don't go down so well anymore! This drink tasted like Kool-aid crystals that had yet to dissolve, kinda gross if you ask me but whatever, it was like 8 oz for 20$. & it made for an interesting Bixi ride homeIf you're looking to get smashed, eat free popcorn & enjoy the kitsch and people falling off of a mechanical bull faster than you had imagined, than this is the bar for you!My only advice: don't come on a Monday night.
4	Very nice place, very cool bucket drinks and the mechanical bull is very cool. Plus you can dance on the bar which gives the bar a coyote ugly style. Only down side is that it's way to hot in there.
4	I had lots of fun when I went, the people are always having a great time there so the atmosphere is nice. The only thing is that when theres a hockey game it gets really crowded there. That aside the line up is never that bad if there is one.
5	Alright hockey fans......lace up your skates and get ready for some Canadians action. If you enjoy hockey, pretty girls on bars, mechanical bulls, and lots and lots of music videos then here is your place. Decided to come here on a recommendation of a local to watch the Habs play the Leafs. This is one of big rivalries in the NHL and even though it's early in the season, it a lot of fun to watch. So we had to call in a reservation prior to our trip to secure a table for the game. These guys don't mess around. It $25.00 min per person for a game no exceptions. This is so the place doesn't get packed with guys watching and only buying one beer. Smart. They gave a table and we immediately order a bucket of Molson tall boys (enter Strange Brew reference here) They have the usual pub fare that you'll find in most places. I suggest the smoked meat sand which. The staff consists of two type of people. Cute early 20s girls in shorts and little biker vests SOA style. The other is large bouncers to make sure you don't get rowdy with the cute early 20s girls in shorts and bike vests SOA style. All in all it was a great time. The joint is down right swaying with the action of the game. They have a DJ who plays music during every stoppage in the action, just like at the arena. During intermission they play music videos and the girls dance on the bar. Nothing too crazy but the crowd liked it. After the game they crank up the music videos and the place turns into a club I would guess. Didn't see the bull out but I figure that was cause of the game. Chez Serge was a lot of fun. A kind of an out of way place to enjoy Montreal. I suggest it highly. Even if there is no Canadians game on. Hope to be able to get back there some day.
