5	With the recent death of the Golden Palms Karaoke Free-For-All (my own personal moniker there - I mean, after a while that place was just ridiculous.  remember the early days of the stage with the pole?  ahhh, that was the life!  anyway....), it's hard to find a good karaoke venue in town.  Fear not, fearless warblers, it's been found.Hot Shots is apparently kinda hard to find if you don't know where to look.  It's listed as being on Tropicana, but it faces Pecos.  It's in a mini-strip-mall in a strip mall.  However, the sleuthing is worth it.  It's a smallish place, but it's clean and well maintained.  The bartenders aren't just nice, they're super friendly and jovial.  And the karaoke is just incredible!  The host's book is HUGE, full of everything you'd ever want to sing in front of a bunch of strangers, and it's updated with new stuff constantly.  The stage is small, but it's incredible for the size of the place!  All of the equipment seems to be in top working order and the people there are having a great time.The drinks are your typical Vegas neighborhood bar fare - cheap and not spectacular.  But, honestly, the karaoke is so amazing that the drinks are really just a bonus anyway.  Hot Shots is one of those places I don't really want to tell people about, but I'd feel guilty if I didn't.
5	Great karaoke DJ Frankie Almost!!!
4	Not too many yelpers checking in here. This is a nice local dive bar with great bar tenders, cheap and heavy drinks once the bartender knows your name. Two pool tables, golden tee and karaoke with an extensive book. Happy hour is from 2-7, worth checking out any night of the week. One star deduction for no kitchen but you can get food from putters right across the strip. Say hi to jess for me.
5	Love this place. Only down side is its a little too smoky for my taste
4	Sweet little local bar on Trop & Pecos. Full bar. Decent prices. Karaoke is fun here. They have a couple of pool tables. Lots of TV's, all on sports! We dig it!!!
5	Great little "locals" dive. Cheap drinks. And karaoke. You can't go wrong with that combo :)
5	Man do I love this dive! Frankie Almost does karaoke a few days a week and he does some DJing on Tuesdays. There are always good dink prices and I think this is the last place in Vegas where you can still suck on a cancer stick indoors. Unless the Golden Palm Hotel reopens, I can't see myself leaving Hot Shots when I'm home in Vegas!
4	Ah, another dive bar that made for an epic evening for birthday shenanigans. This place is pretty cool for the dive scene. It was a very empty night when we came, however, that did not take away the chill atmosphere. Amber is a pretty awesome bartender. She took care of my group very well as she was training the new girl behind the bar. We had the jukebox playing all night, no complaints from the few other guests that were there. We played pool and even ate some Cheez-It party mix that they were giving out in little dishes! I like it because Dino's has popcorn that they give out and this place does Cheez-Its! And I have a thing for Cheez-Its. Just saying. I heard they also have karaoke and by reading some of the reviews I think I heard correctly. I will have to go check out the karaoke scene sometime! This place was cool. I love my dive bars and this will probably be added to my list! (Ooo, idea for Yelp list!)
4	Nice cheap dive bar to get a quick drink for lunch. Draft selection not the biggest and mostly domestic but still a chill place to get a quick beer. Also like the fact I was attended as soon as I walked in. Would have been 5 stars if not for lack of draft import beers.
4	Attentive and friendly service. Cheap drinks and Guinness on tap. Happy camper gotta come back for some karoake.  Not too smokey either.
4	HOLY SHIT I had a good time here!!Came in with a group of regulars for late night karaoke.The bartender were friendly and pretty efficient.The beer selection is average, but the prices are fantastic.It is a smokey, loud, shitty, borderline dive bar and if you are into that, you will like Hot Shots!!
5	Some of the best karaoke I've herd in Vegas. The ppl that frequent this bar put on a great show  and  choose songs that just make you smile. A little on the expensive side for a dive bar. Always a good time here. Bartenders are extremely courteous and fun.
