4	i was a bit confused when i saw two addresses for this location, but turns out, upstairs is the bar, downstairs is the restaurant.you walk in and the place is dimly lit, decorated with palettes of red and black. you see swings for seats on one side of the of the wall that seem cool at first, but of course, i had to try sitting on the swings and realized the hard way that its all for show...we arrived hungry and ordered 4 dishes, thinking we would have to order more. the hummus was surprisingly delicious, flavored to perfection with garlic and chives. the fried calamari was not so good and tasted like a bottle of salt fell into the batter. we also ordered the mini burgers which were so adorable, but tasted like any burger. we also ordered the crispy duck, which i thought was really good when eaten with celery. my overall dining experience here was great. the service is pretty attentive and very helpful. the place is quiet enough to have a conversation with the person sitting across from you. definitely worth checking out if youre in the area.
4	I really enjoyed this place. Found it by accident, and took a date here. We had the tasting menu for two. It was well worth it. Started with Figs and foie gras, which I really loved, then a soup, some tempura shrimp, scallops, and salmon tartar, This all led to a boar shank, then finished off with duck tartar and a mushroom risotto. I'd go here again, even though it is a little expensive.
4	Ambiance:  Dim, subdued lighting and dark, plush decor give off a very intimate vibe.  Noise level is not quiet, nor is it loud enough to make an easy conversation across the table difficult, however.  Tasteful, but unremarkable lounge music piped in as background rounds out the feel. Food:  Eclectic tapas fare that is well executed with only mild pretension (which is easily excusable).  Four dishes should serve a party of 2 very well with dessert being a tipping point between comfortably sated and 'overwhelmed'.  Wine list is better than decent with a heavy emphasis on European wines.  And a good selection of Scotches and cordials round out the meal nicely.Service:  Generally pretty good.  Staff was attentive and polite but not intrusive.  No problems with English speaking customers at all.  The staff is also content to let parties linger to talk, drink, etc. without the usual rush to clear you out for the next customers.  It's a relaxing change of pace.Price:  Not an inexpensive meal by any means.  Expect to spend $60 or more for two people (depending on alcohol).  However, given all the other positives of this establishment, it didn't feel overpriced but rather what one would expect for a nice meal out.Hassle factor:  we went on a weeknight so had no problems getting in.  However, on busy nights, a reservation might be helpful, especially for parties of more than two.Overall:  Recommended.  Excellent for couples.  Better than decent for small business dinners.
3	Nice high end Tapas restaurant located on a busy street in Montreal. Menu is not that big given that most tapas restaurants I have been to doubles the menu Confusion carries. What I did enjoy the most and have never had any where else before is Deer steaks. I was a little iffie about the deer but that probably turned into one of my favorite meats to have. I had the deer with a side of asparagus risotto (yummy!!!!!) Service was good. Atmosphere is trendy and outdoor seating is nice, although try to avoid sitting by the plants because you will be surrounded by lots of small bugs. A bit expensive. Last but not least the food is good and worth coming back to again.
5	HELLOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO FOIE GRAS HEAVEN!This was for our #salaciouscanada tour which will be posted at tastytwosome.com shortly.Okay. FOURRRRRRRRRRRRR dishes of foie.  FOUR.Foie gras poached in red wineFoie gras and truffle oil (pan seared)Foie gras and mushrooms (pan seared)Foie gras and duck gizzards (pan seared)WHAT? FOIE GRAS HEAVEN.If you're looking to go to Montreal for foie. This is your place.  Forget au pied de cochon.  This place... THIS place is where you need to be.Also had awesome decor and you can sit at tables with swings (uber cute), the ambience is sexy, and it's beautiful.  Great wine list, and greeeeeat menu beside the foie.But the foie... oh the foie...
1	Horrible service can make a dining experience shitty.- no maitre'de downstairs in the restaurant after waiting for a few minutes- waiter didn't intro hmself and didn't come around for the first 10 minutes or so- waiter ignored us multiple times even though we were by the kitchen- wine was below average and luke warm instead of cold or chilled and the waiter said it was good when it was the worst we've ever had - mouse and didn't even really care abt it- the place smelled  funny at first but got use to it- didn't remove plates until I said something and then gave us attitude abt it'- food: i liked their dip with naan and cheese on fire (not sure of its french name)
5	The name is a bit odd, but given that they don't serve traditional tapas, it's probably fitting because when you start reading the tapas menu, and don't see the traditional spanish fare you have a confused look.They served a variety of cuisines, but seemed to specialize in Fois Gras and Tartars.  The service was excellent.  Had no issues waiting for a table, they even made extra room for us on the patio.  To drink, we had the sangria.  Absolutely amazing.  We didn't go for the XXX version which  contained an obscene amount of alcohol, but what we had was perfect.  My wife also had the Lychee Supreme which was a sort of like a Lychee Sangria made with a Gewurztraminer wine, and I had the Caipirinha, both of which were very fresh and fantastic.  For dinner, we had the following:a. Saghanaki - Pan fried Greek cheese with flaming Ouzo.  Amazing.  b. Sweet Potato Fries with a black truffle mayo.  I loved the sweet potato fries.  Not overly greasy, and went perfectly with the mayo.c. Grilled Garlic scented Shrimp served with a watercress salad:  Amazing!  Cooked perfectly, and the watercress salad hit the spot.d. Salmon Tartar with wasabi crunch: Phenomenal.e. For desert, we had the creme-brule trio.  This was really excellent.  Three ramekins with amaretto, milk and chocolate creme brule.  My favorite was the one with the amaretto.  Not overly rich or sweet, but just had a great crust and a perfect custard.Really great service and excellent food.  Perfect end to a fantastic day in Montreal.
5	Fantastic food, esp. amazing steak tartare, one of the best I ever had included the many French ones!
4	On Saturday night, I went to have dinner at this tapas place on St. Denis, Confusion. Even though I didn't have reservations, they were able to seat me immediately. There was some confusion as the server asked, "So is he parking the car in Quebec?". Uh, no, I said I was alone and I'm not the kind of girl a guy would stand up. Now give me some wine.The place was really swanky with gray brick walls, red leather couches, colorful oil paintings, and a section where the tables have swings! I loved this idea so much that Josh and I went back the next day for lunch to try it out. The food is delicious and the prices were decent for the quality of the food. I had the homemade lamb sliders that have a strawberry-cranberry ketchup. They were awesome but there was mustard on them, which was not listed on the menu, and I'm not a fan of mustard. The impact on my satisfaction was minimal, however, and the risotto was perfect: mango, red pepper, coconut milk, and jalapenos. Yum!
5	Had an amazing time at Confusion. The service was great and quick, even on a Friday night w/o reservations we ate and were able to catch our 8:00 show. They sat us at the swings, and seemed to think that was a bad thing, but we didn't mind. Eating on swings=awesome!The food was incredible, one of the best meals we've had in Montreal. Esp. fabulous was the crispy duck which is served with torillas and a maple sauce, the cognac fois gras with date bread, and the truffle oil risotto which was a special that night.
4	Went here with a couple of my girlfriends for a few drinks and a late snack on a Saturday night. The decor is really nice. The muted lighting is perfect for someone on a first date or those who want a more subdued and relaxed atmosphere, which is exactly what we were looking for. The host was nice and accommodating. You have your choice of seating areas, which in the summer includes the outside area, right on St-Denis street for the people watchers. We chose to sit inside on the ground floor where we planted our tired behinds in a very comfortable banquette/booth. The wall to our right was a beautiful shade of crimson red and was filled with lovely modern sketches. To our right was an unpainted brick wall lined with tables and for those with a sense of adventure instead of a stool you can try one of the swings as your seat! The music wasn't overpowering and you could still hear yourself think, which was great. We ordered everything from capirhinas, rum and cokes, beer and cucumber martinis. The drinks were OK..wasn't crazy about the cucumber martini, just didn't work for me, so the next round I ordered a capirhinia, which wasn't bad--a capirhinia is basically a Brazilian version of a mojito, and having had capirhinias made by a native Brazilian, in other words the way it was intended to taste, this didn't measure up but it wasn't too bad. Yes, I'm a drink snob, sue me! Once you've had the real deal you can't settle for second best, your expectations have been raised! The rum and cokes were good! The food on the other hand was great! We ordered a few tapas and shared. We had the calamari, the chorizo, the frite truffe, and the veggie mini burgers. The frites were made with sweet potato fries and were amazing! The chorizo was realy good, as were the burgers, and the calamari was tasty as well. Our waiter Guillaume was great and very patient and accommodating. I will probably go back if the opportunity comes up when I'm in town. Besides the drink issue, the overall experience was very pleasant! I can always have wine. :)
4	There are plenty of hit or miss spots in this jumpin' area of St Denis, and Confusion starts off on the wrong foot by only opening at 5:30pm (totally unexpected on a street where the terraces are usually full of folks eating and drinking wine and sangria by noonish.) But it's got some mojo working for it - the outdoor patio is small and surrounded by a thick hedge making you feel like you're in a garden but still right in the swirl of action on the street. The indoor seating downstairs feels like a quirky, lush bistro carved into a 200 year old stone foundation. Some of the seating is booths, some is swings, which we avoided due to our pre-dinner drinks and general klutziness, but we are pro indoor swings in general. The tapas options are diverse, we enjoyed the duck rolls, chorizo, and scallops in particular. Everything was very flavourful and suited the fabulous if slightly boudoir decor. The service was friendly, funny and attentive.
4	Great tapas, fabulous service, good atmosphere... more like a 4.5 stars...Food: great variety on menu, flavorful, nice presentationDrinks: yummy cocktails (sangria, bloody Mary) but on the weaker sideService: attentive, friendly, waiter asked if we wanted to practice our French then patiently let us try it outAtmosphere: dark wood, dim lighting, interesting artDef try it out!
4	Love this Place - they score on my Atmosphere, Service, Food scale!Atmosphere: for a place on St. Denis (know for it's clubs and sometimes ruckus crowds) Confusion is surprisingly intimate! The place is a cosy duplex building (small terras), an walking in give patrons the impression of walking into someone's house.  Indeed the various rooms at Confusion are set up in such a way so as to give dinner the distinct feeling of having dinner / taps at a friend's house.  Very very charming characteristic this!Service: The service is extremely well polished.  The waiters and waitresses are very knowledgeable in the menu items, witch (it must be said) are anything but run-of-the-mill type of tapas.  Genial crew, and willing to engage is conversation and give advice. Top marks.Food: Confusion's claim to fame is it's bevy of tapas and drinks.  There is something for most every one's liking on the menu: from cheeses, to tartars, foi gras and sea food dishes - the plates are well presented and the content leaving nothing to be desired.  Although the portions may seems somewhat limited, looks can be deceiving - but remember that sampling the various dishes is the goal here rather than enjoying only one. A little on the pricy side ~ but in return you will have a very good time!Cosy and Homey ~ great for a date or a gathering of friends
4	Cool atmosphere complete with swings to sit on at some of the tables.  The prices were a little high on some of the tapas, but most of them were worth it.  We ordered the homemade fries with lime and pepper mayonnaise.  The condiment had a nice kick to it, and the fries came in a cute little brown paper bag.Next we had the raclette with chorizo served atop potatoes.  Delicious!  Then again, it's hard to mess up the simplicity that is yummy cheese and chorizo on top of sliced potatoes.  The roasted scallops with polenta and edamame were AMAZING!  The portion was very small, only 4 scallops, so you may want to order more than one if you are in a scallop loving group.  The special of the night was a small filet mignon served on top of mixed veggies.  The filet was over cooked, I don't even think we were asked how we wanted it cooked.  The mixed veggies were very tasty except for the potatoes that were still raw and hard.  My favorite dish of the night, and totally worth the price for the amount of meat you get, was the braised beef short ribs.  Cooked to falling off the bone perfection.  Great place for an intimate date.
5	The food is amazing, the service is super efficient and friendly! So far, this is my favorite Resto in montreal! Its a little pricey but its well justified when you get the plates and taste the complexity of the dish!  The menu is very diverse. And the decor is very welcoming. For some table the chair as swings!!! So fun:)
5	I came here based on the recommendation of the concierge at my hotel and had an absolutely fantastic time.  He sold us on the choice when he mentioned the signature "swing seats". I was worried that it would be unsettled by the constant rocking back and forth of the seat, but I loved it.  The atmosphere is a nice mix of classy with fun and this translated to the food as well.  I had a fantastic foie gras that was extremely rich and flavorful...exactly how I like it! The arugula and beet salad was fantastic as was everything else we had that night.  I was really excited to see that the Spanish tapas concept was being applied to French cuisine.  It makes it easy to try a wide variety of different things and experiment.  Definitely recommend heading here the next time you're in Montreal.
5	Loved this restaurant and our waiters.  We sat on the swing seats until my husband couldn't balance his drooling face with gravity, then moved to chairs at the same table.  Duck tacos were amazing, and I've never had anything like the grilled cheese risotto (two fried risotto patties acting as the bread to a goat cheese sandwich...mmmm...).  Also the best saganaki (greek flaming cheese) I've ever had, covered in uzo instead of the traditional brandy.  Om nom nom.  A few stairs to get down to the restaurant, but even as a disabled person who finds stairs difficult, totally worth every step.
4	When visiting Montreal, each meal is an opportunity that must be taken very seriously! With so much incredible food in one city you much choose wisely when in town for a long weekend. Confusion was recommended to my boyfriend and I by a friend. It's a tapas style restaurant with a fusion take. Although not everything we had was to my fancy, it was a memorable meal none the less. The decor really goes far in creating the atmosphere of this place with cozy tables, dim lighting, and swinging seats throughout. However we were here for the food! We weren't terribly hungry so we opted to share a couple plates. We had the scallops with came with polenta and a chimichurri sauce. It was absolutely divine. The scallops were cooked to pure perfection. To go with we also ordered the octopus. My boyfriend quite like it but I'm still on the fence when it comes to the eight legged species in general. It was well cooked  but any time I eat octopus I feel insanely guilty. I know how intelligent they are, and it makes it hard for me to enjoy eating them. Plus the salsa was too salty for my palate. To finish we has the fondant au chocolat which left us both in a happy place. I would come here again, but with a larger group to be able to try a greater variety of dishes.
4	I chose Confusion for a special dinner with friends for several reasons. I've been here a few times, the food has never disappointed me and I have always found that the service was very unintrusive which allows for uninterrupted conversation. I also love the decor, it is casual and kind of sexy, intimate yet laid back.I was treating some friends to dinner here during Montreal's restaurant week. The original plan was that two of us would get the TasteMTL menu and the other two would order some of the main items that we really wanted to try. Unfortunately, they have a policy that everyone at the table has to order the special menu. Oh well.We opted for the "Le Totale" which offers a great variety of their specialty menu items including the venison osso bucco (very good) and the general Tao sweetbreads (table favourite) for $60 per person. The boys ordered beer and my GF and I stayed sober with Eska water spiked with lime wedges.The "Le Totale" is part of a special menu designed for four people and several courses (aside from the soup) come out together on a single cutting board platter to be shared. This serving style is great for the most part and should be expected in a tapas restaurant, but a few times it was a little bit awkward. We're all very good friends, we've had kids, so we aren't averse to getting our hands into the food, but some people may want to be aware of this.The pacing of the meal was really well done, there was no moment in our 2-1/2 hrs where we didn't have something to eat in front of us. Soup, flaming cheese, fish, meat, a cheese plate and dessert! There was plenty of water on the table to keep our glasses full and beers were promptly refilled once emptied. Overall, we all really enjoyed our time at Confusion.
5	Awesome food, great variety for vegetarians.  Espresso not so good. Bookmarked and will be back!
4	An intimate, trendy, below street-level restaurant. Tables closely packed together. Our server deftly went back and forth between English and French without skipping a beat. The swing tables are cool to look at, but nobody sat at them during our visit.  We chose five different tapas from the menu including: crispy duck tortillas w hoisin (yum), salmon tartare (delicious), arugula salad (very good), Carnivores humus w duck confit (not exactly what we were expecting) and the hangar steak w lentils (phenomenal).  The food and the service are truly exceptional.  My complaint is a small one.. the servers run up and down the stairs constantly, stomping the whole time.  This gets a little distracting.  Perhaps there is something that can be done about this? Maybe they need to take a few seconds to "walk softly", but then again who does anything quietly anymore?
3	This place is interesting. The swings and atmosphere are fun. They were playing 90's hits - which was odd for a nice, semi-romantic restaurant on a Saturday night. It was pricey, about $100 for two people.  Most of the food was good, in particular the duck and salmon tartars. Stay far away from the popcorn shrimp. It's the same product you would get from the freezer section of a discount grocery store.
4	What an awesome little gem this place is. Firstly, the ambiance is great! We really enjoyed our dinner on the swings. Definitely something different. Secondly, the food is phenomenal. Every plate we had was amazing! Very impressive. The prices are slightly high, but are what you expect from nice tapas places around here. The sangria is great, and their pitchers are REAL pitchers...MASSIVE. None of those half-a-who-knows-what-size-that-is kind of pitchers you get in restaurants nowadays for the same price. Would definitely go back!
1	For me this place ranks as the lowest one could possibly rank.  Before I describe the food and service, let me say that this place is just a big Con Job; Tapas? Give me a break. Really bad bar food is more like it. Our party of 4 chose the "value meal" for $40 per person plus drinks. The total bill, with tax and gratuity was $280, one would think worthy of a really fine dining experience. But it was far, far from that. The "Tapas" meal started with a cup of cold goo, vichy ssoise, that tasted like someone had dropped a jar of ground pepper in it. No one could get past the first spoonful. That was followed by 2 slices of cold beets, that tasted like they just came out of a can.  This followed by popcorn shrimp, and a small portion of fried squid, the kinds you get in a bar - and that was the best part of the meal. That was followed by mini hamburgers (sliders) that were totally tasteless.  - oh, one more thing, this awful food was served by a very obnoxious and pretention young lad.  ---Confusion? Not really, just plain BAD.
3	It's a nice place. The decor is really fun. Great room, perfect for groups but also for a date night out. You can sit it the swings !The food is fun and good but a bit pricey for what it is, however they had a nice selection of wine at OK prices.  Also fun for late night snacks!
3	The decor is beautiful and the service cannot be beat. Our waiter was extremely helpful, and all the waiters I heard  sounded enthusiastic about the dishes they were offering.I am accustomed to NYC tapas style prices so I didn't really have much of a sticker shock while looking at the menu. Although $29 for the lobster mac seemed very high. The couple next to us ordered it, and I was amazed to see what amounted to a half lobster  stuffed with a heaping pile of macaroni and cheese. It was a bit unsightly and you still had to pick the meat from cheese covered claws and tail, but they seemed to justify the price. We had the Saganaki cheese, escargot, octopus, scallops and sweet potato fries which were delivered to the table in a logical progression showing that they put a lot of thought into the service. The saganaki was fantastic (you need to ask for bread...kind of a pet peeve) as was the octopus  and sweet potato fries. The scallops were ok. They did not get much of a sear on them, and the vanilla sauce was overpowering and a bit too sweet. The escargot was probably the most disappointing dish I have ever seen. Judging from the description, it sounds like a non-traditional preparation and it most definitely was. What came out was what looked like an adult version of "Ants on a log" with a large grilled slice of zucchini with about 5 snails on top smothered with cheese. Underneath was a very sweet and acidic tomato chutney that really did nothing for the dish.Overall, it was a great meal in a cute and interesting little place. From looking around, both the salmon and duck tartare looked fantastic and, in hindsight, we should have ordered that instead of the escargot. Also the pain perdu that our table-neighbors ordered looked like an incredibly delicious dessert.   I would definitely go back to try some more dishes, and it makes a great date spot. Also, the service is fantastic which is a rarity these days.
5	The food is incredible, the ambiance is really great too, I love the exposed rock walls and decor. It's the perfect date place! But they need to bring the CRISPY DUCK back to the menu, we've been craving it for one year :(
4	Arrived without a reservation on a busy Sat night so had to sit at the bar upstairs.  But no worries cause the service and the food was great.  Had fresh oysters to start then shared the duck, lamb and puff pastry.  All uniquely flavored and tasty.  Portions are small for the price but with a half liter of wine, we spent $100 with tip.  Not cheap but great atmosphere.
5	It's fabulous
5	Holy crap. I don't think I have ever had chicken that well cooked. For a tapas restaurant, the portions are enormous (it was only two of us). Its not cheap, but well worth the money. We got the fries with the lemon mayo, the half roast chicken, the capriccio and the lamb sliders. The lamb sliders were amazing. Everything was delicious and the service was excellent. Didn't have any wine but we did get a couple of beers, and those were surprisingly cheap.They have a cute little patio outside where we sat, but the decor inside was pretty impressive as well. Highly recommend it.
5	What a refreshing spot on Rue St. Denis, which is overrun with chain restaurants and bars.  I loved the decoration, music and vibe of the place...and the service was top notch!!  The entire tapas menu sounds so delicious, I had wished we were with a larger group so that I could try them all!!  As it was just my husband and I, we had some serious decisions to make...I would say, my head was spinning from the choices and it put me in a state of "confusion"!We went with the hummus, bacon wrapped dates, beef carpaccio, sweetbreads and sweet potato fries.  The only dish we didn't really enjoy was the hummus.  It was far too salty and that's all I could taste.  We try to steer clear of too much sodium on a regular basis, so perhaps we are overly sensitive to the taste.  Everything else was delicious.  The carpaccio had a very nice vinaigrette with capers and the dates were delectable.  My husband raved about the sweetbreads, but I was too busy shoving sweet potato fries in my mouth to take a bite of his dish.  Those.Sweet.Potato.Fries...oh.my.goodness.  These were the BEST sweets that i have ever had...and that means a lot coming from Miss "I'll sub the regular fries for sweets, please..".  I have no idea what they battered them in, but I'm determined to find out.  Then the truffle aioli,  had juuuuust enough truffle to not make it over powering.  I just wish I lived in Montreal so that I could eat them more often!!There's no confusion about it, this place is outstanding!
5	This was a terrific find this past weekend in Montreal. The arugula salad was delicious, as was the salmon tartare and seared duck appetizers. Excellent wine and a perfect martini made exactly as ordered. Our server was very attentive and always happily smiling even though obviously busy.  It was in a fun, active part of town as well. I would highly recommend this restaurant.
4	This is a really exellent place for a medium-sized work party where you're on expense accounts and you want to nosh and drink all night.Alternatey, if you on a date ... ask for the seats with the swings.
5	Excellent place for tapas! The beef carpaccio and lobster mac+cheese were recommended to us and they were both delicious. My personal favorite was the lamb sliders, especially because I got to eat most of them since I was the only person who wanted lamb :) . They have a wide variety of dishes and their prices range such that you don't have to spend your entire paycheck to get some good tapas (but I recommend you splurge on at least one)
2	Ooof.. Went back a few days ago and mannnn have things changed in a year!1. The food sucks.. SUCKS. Absolutely no taste whatsoever in any of our 8 dishes including repeats from last years amazing menu except for the sweet potato fries (which require zero culinary skills to make) and the spicy lava cake for dessert. I guess they changed their chef?2. The huge pitchers from last year are now gone. You can now be rest assured that you are paying for a typical sized pitcher so nothing special going on here anymore..3. They didn't have the a/c on when we were there and it was super hot and humidTotally disappointed by the changes but I guess I shouldn't have been surprised since it was empty on a Saturday night whereas all the neighboring bars/restaurants were packed..
2	The only reason I am giving this place 2 stars is because our departure from this hell hole led to a fantastic evening.  My boyfriend and I came here for dinner (yes we had a reservation, although it wasn't necessary given the restaurant was almost entirely empty) and were quickly ushered to our table. We sat at that table and waited. And waited some more. And then we --wait for it-- kept waiting; until finally my boyfriend made the executive decision to bail the fuck out of there.We then proceeded to make our way to Au Pied de Cochon, where we caught a glimpse of Seth Rogen and had the best meal of our lives. In a way I'd like to thank Confusion. The terrible service that prompted us to leave allowed us to have our best night in Montreal. Thanks fuckers. Thanks a bunch.
4	Fantastic, fanciful French cuisine. Loved the foie gras and sliders. Ambience is modern with swings that serve as seats for the side tables. Service was a bit slow at first but the waiters were very friendly and charming. English was also widely spoken by most of the waiters which was convenient for us tourists.
5	Was in town, visiting for a few days. This place is small, easy to miss. The atmosphere is gorgeous, small and cozy. The food was phenomenal! By far, my number one favourite tapas place! I recommend: lamb sliders, lobster Mac n Cheese, arugula salad, prime cut steak, and dessert (forgot the name but it's like a pudding that comes with maple sauce and ice cream). Can't wait to come back to Montreal, just to eat here again! Also, staff were amazing, fun, and, being their last customers, we were treated to free shots!
3	Went there for my boyfriends birthday as a large group! It was nice we had our own spot upstairs- a lot of food but you need to like a large arrangement of different foods to enjoy this place. It was not what my taste buds like but the group in general REALLY liked it. Not a cheap place- prepare yourself for a bill.
4	Yum, yum, you should get some!  Really tasty roasted half chicken and arugula salad. Topped it off with the chocolate fondant which had a vary subtle but nice chili spice hint/finish. Great service too.  And the swing seats were a kick.
