2	Ok all I can ask is why do we keep going to this place. Ever since we built our home in Estrella we have been shopping here. That is about 7 years now and another home. No matter what we have special ordered and delivered it has always had to be taken back because they deliver the wrong thing. I think I just told you all I am stupid.
3	We were there looking for cactus plants. Not too many varieties. I did not think of going to a nursery. DUH? Not many employees around to help either. They are a ton of them inside. Completed my shopping inside the store to get solar salts, brackets, screws, and rug. Love the selection on rugs, mirrors, and lighting.
4	Staff was VERY helpful when my parents & I dropped in for a few weekend DIY projects.  We ended up purchasing a few holiday lights to add to the decor around the house.  Parking was easy and shelves were well stocked.
4	Minus 1 star for not having an equipment we can rent but overall, this place pretty good customer service and friendly staff.
5	OMG the 2 guys in the LUMBERS DEPARTMENT are amazing and they're very professional with theirs work...  VERY helpful with what you need.. you gota give this place a try!!!
1	Terrible customer service, I was accused of reckless driving,  because the employee stacked bricks four high in my new SUV, then stacked mulch bags on top, and when I made my first turn very carefully, everything toppled.  Upon arriving home my car looked like an explosion. I called right away, offering to bring my car down for them to see, I was told they are not responsible for what their employees do and he was doing my a favor!!! I think not!!!!  He was thinking about being in trouble from his superiors for something else, I went there because of their expertise, NEVER AGAIN!!  The garden manager, store manager just did not want to accept responsibility for the mess their employee made of my car.  Buyer Beware
1	20 damn minutes waiting for lumber to be cut. So employee finally meanders over and grabs the good looking lady's lumber to cut first who just arrived. Now I get attitude. Grrr.
3	Par for the courseGood variety as with most Lowe's.  Prices are about the same as Home Depot, down the street.  Cashier and floor staff are hit-and-miss-- some are happy and polite while others are visiby bored and slow.  Lines often take a while to get through.
1	Terrible place to get service if you are a young single female.
1	DO NOT, I repeat DO NOT have Lowes do ANY installation. I went with Lowes because of their reputation. What a mistake that was. They farmed out the installation to a low grade contractor and when that contractor made a MAJOR mistake, Lowes did nothing but push me off to deal with their contractor's insurance company.Lowes took NO responsibility at all. They talk about trusting them with taking care of the customers needs and how they will do the right thing. Well, guess what, it is all false, a deception, could not be further from the truth, they suck you in and then when a mistake is made they absolve themselves of any blame or responsibility. They give it to their legal department, who are as vacant as a Detroit apartment building, they more of less tell you to go away and deal with someone else and you are left on your own to deal with the representative of Lowes who caused the damage.Thanks Lowes, thanks for standing up for what you advertise, thanks for watching out for loyal customers, thanks for selling out, thanks for being the opposite of what you say you are.....thanks for nothing.
