5	I have used this groomer for my Yorkie a few times... they are so kind to the dogs and do exactly what you ask for.  I have used a few other groomers around town and I have to say I will be sticking here.
5	We have used this groomer for a few years now.  Other groomers we used were good, but these ladies are the best.  We have a Westie and a King Charles, and they do a beautiful job on both of them.  We will never change groomers again.  Highly recommended.
5	Awesome groomers! They were so nice to my Shih Tzu and treated him very well.  He has sensitive skin and is red after I have taken him to other groomers, but he was perfect this time.  They also listen really well and gave him a cute, even look.  Will definitely be sticking with them.  Also, prices are very reasonable.
5	I have been going to Top Dog Grooming since the day they opened and we have had the BEST experience with our Morkie. Everyone that works there is professional, loving, educated and passionate about the animals the are caring for. I would highly recommend them!!
5	5+++ stars to Marni and her crew!! I have found the place that I TRUST to leave my furry babys for a bath. I stayed while they took care of my older dog to help keep him calm. I watched customer after customer leave happy with beautifully groomed dogs. They really love what they do and they luv every animal that is on their table. Thank you!!
5	If I could give this place a million stars I would. After having to deal with some not so great groomers in the area, and after some research, I saw this place had great reviews. They were awesome! I work at 12:30pm, when I explained this, they were able to get me in first thing in the morning, shave my 2 Poms, and get me out at 11am. They were so sweet to my dogs. And they did an amazing job. I am so happy to have finally found a good groomer.
5	I absolutely love this groomer! They have been grooming my two pups for a year or so now. They are so good to them and when I pick my dogs up, they are never stressed or anything. That means a lot to me. I know that this groomer is giving my dogs appropriate attention and care while servicing them. The dogs always always always come out looking great and adorable!I highly recommend Top Dog Groomers!  A+++
5	It was my first time here and I was definitelyImpressed. The groomers work and etiquette was lovely. I usually need the works when it comes to my little schweenie mix. ;) I'm glad I went to her and will most definitely be back!
5	I won't go anywhere else. They do a great job and are so accommodating! I used to have to call and book an appt a week before my dogs can get groomed. One time, I needed an emergency grooming session and I called 3 places around my area: one was closed (on a Monday), one never answered, and another one told me he wouldn't have groomers until Thursday (because they all went on a vacation together, how do u do business that way?). I finally called top groomers and they let me bring in my dogs that same hour and I picked them up a few hrs later. I LOVE that they have availability and I need that type of fast service.
5	Top dog grooming is the best place I've been too so far. After my dog had been turned down at other places for being shorter tempered, and I was told that he just needs to be trained more because he's "too aggressive" and a list of other things that are ridiculous, I know not every dog is going to sit there perfectly, and I also know Guinness isn't an angel but if he felt the need to be aggressive there was probably a good reason. Top dog took Guinness in and he came up to the groomer (I can't remember her name, wonderful woman) he was licking her hand and he jumped up on the wall to say hi. I've never seen him do that before. The energy inside was so positive!! I will NEVER take my dog anywhere else!!
5	I took my little pup in to get groomed at this place for the first time today. My first impression was that the facility was clean and well kept. I was greeted by Marnie and Allison who were both friendly and welcoming to me and my dog. They took extra care with her, as she was previously abused and very timid in new situations. They were patient with my requests and also didn't charge me to keep her for awhile while I was driving back from across town.  When I picked up my dog, they were reassuring about how well my pup did and she looked absolutely perfect! Great service and great attitudes. Thank you ladies. I will definitely be coming back!
5	The staff is very pleasant, friendly and good at what they do. My two little dogs responded well to them and weren't afraid. I will definitely be back!
5	I have never had a bad experience here. My dog always comes in happy and leaves happy and well groomed and just how I wanted it done! Awesome service and Awesome place to take your dog to get the job done right at a good price!
5	I usually take my dog Dooby to petsmart to get him groomed but my friend Edie had mentioned how great top dog grooming is to me. I decided to give them a shot. My dog Dooby is a medium sized puggle, which means he's half pug half beagle. He is the sweetest baby, however he is disobedient!! I called ahead of time to see how much they would charge me and for everything I needed done to Dooby, and it was reasonable priced. I brought in my scoobin roo, and they welcomed me kindly, had me fill out a little card (it being my first time in) and took Dooby back. By the time I was done filling out the card I saw Dooby in the back getting a bath. He looked very calm and happy. That made me feel really comfortable. I went a couple doors down to get my nails done, about 45 minutes later I came to check on him and he already looks super handsome. They needed a little more time with the scoobin roo, so I took a little walk to above the crust and chilled out for a little. About ten minutes later they called me, and told me Dooby was ready to go! I walked in and saw my baby standing up on his hind legs crying for me. First thing I noticed was his new halloween bandana! He looked so clean, smelled amazing, they did an amazing job on brushing his teeth (since he runs for the hills when I try) and his nails looked great! I was so thankful they took such great care of the Scoobin Rubin lover of my life! Great job Guys!
5	This was my first experience ever having to take my dog to the groomer. I was extremely nervous especially since my baby is so tiny and didn't even weigh 2 lbs.  From the second we walked we felt welcomed and comfortable. They ooogled over our puppy and you can tell they truly care about the animals here. The haircut was perfect, she smelled good and felt so soft. This is definitely going to be our regular groomer!
5	I always take my dog Dooby to get groomed while I get my nails done. If I get pampered so does my bub! Last month I tried out a new place which was Top dog grooming and I had a really good experience. I feel like this is a mom and pops dog grooming and I like to help my neighborhood business's stay in biz! So as I got my nails done today, Dooby got groomed! He loves them and is very good boy for them if I'm not in the building, if he sees me he goes crazy and cries, but they accept him for the whinny bubbin he is. He came out looking and smelling great! Which is hard to do considering he's pushing 8 years old and is just a smelly guy. We were very pleased once again with our visit!
5	I don't think I could even put into words how happy I was with the overall experience at this establishment. I was nervous taking my fur babies to a professional groomer, as when I lived back home, my Mom was a groomer and took care of them. But not only did my, usually shy, dogs look absolutely adorable when I picked them up, they both looked so happy and their tails were wagging! They loved the girls there. They got cute Holiday bandanas around their necks that they still have on, a couple weeks later. They gave them exactly the cut I asked for and even did it on a bit of a time crunch as I got called into work. Otto and Panda will be return customers at Top Dog Grooming!
5	They are perfect! I was super surprised with the service and Hornette looked amazing!
5	So caring and gentle with my puppy. I let them know that he had just had surgery and they extra gentle with him! Awesome awesome place -  will be back soon!
