4	Nick's is a great little neighborhood spot! I do take out probably about 3-4 times a month from here! When I feel like dining in I usually go to the Pinnacle Peak location as I like to sit at the high-tops in the bar (I love sports and they usually always have a game playing on the tv).** Pinnacle Peak location
5	Nick's happens to be a few doors down from my business... very dangerous!! Literally, everything is so good. They bake their bread fresh everyday and it melts in your mouth.Lunch - I suggest a sandwich on their french bread. I personally love their hot chicken sandwich with balsalmic dressing, melted cheese and seasoned chicken, grilled onions... need I go on - hmmm I'm hungry. or the greek salad with sliced chicken...Dinner- This is where you eat the foccacia bread. Now when you're dieting and not allowed carbs - just eat the tops & save your cheat calories for the chicken marsala with penne pasta. Don't forget dessert - The tiramisu.Enjoy
3	Clean and fresh, simple preparations, excellent ingredients. Great specials for budget conscious. Gobs of cheese for the cheese lover and great sandwiches. --great air conditioning and ceiling fans throughout. --counter service makes for a nice casual feel, not pretentious or trying to go too far--order taker is efficient and transaction is speedy; nearby monitor shows pictures of their best plates in case you can't decide--5-seat bar for some great wine tasting or an espresso with the owner--self-service beverage station is clean and fresh. Lemons freshly sliced and cold!--make your own bread dipping sauce with olive oil carafe and spice mix shaker, both fresh and clean--Parmesan is also at the table and is real, flaky, moist an guess what? Fresh!--vinaigrette is something powerful strong and bursts of flavor--fresh Roma tomatoes juicy and taste organic, not typical Arizona waxskins--presentation detail is appropriate for the prices.Only complaint is the bread. Others here say it's freshly baked and excellent, but it tastes "eggy" and spongy to me. Reminds me of those egg bagels from Einstein's. EW.
4	I was looking forward to giving this Nick's a try, since I really enjoyed my meal at the Tatum & Shea location.  So, after a long long work day leaving me with no desire to cook (hey, wait - I never really want to cook...) - take-out, anyone!?  I called on the way home from work and by the time I got there my order was ready to roll.  I like when someone tells me that my food will be ready in 15 minutes and it actually is.  Yay!  The pizza (pepperoni and mushroom, of course) had a thin, but not too thin crust and good cheese/topping coverage.  The house salad was simple, cool and fresh.  While I haven't stayed here for dine-in (yet!) I was very happy with my take-out order.  Thanks Nick, for helping me to be lazy.  :)
5	JD and I got takeout from here last night and when we went in to pick it up the intoxicating aroma's filling the dimly lit little dining  area made my mouth water immediately. I ordered penne all campagna and a side of marinara because it comes with just a light olive oil/white wine sauce and I love pasta with marinara-especially when its cold and rainy outside. It had chicken, mushrooms, sundried tomatoes and spinich in it and tasted perfect with the extra sauce.However, the biggest winner of the evening was the chicken canneloni, which was one of their weekly specials. JD got it and I must admit I was a tad bit jealous. It was two giant tube pasta's literally stuffed to bursting with a ricotta cheese and chicken mixture, covered with mozzarella and drenched in pink sauce. I kept sinking my bread into that pink sauce it was so freakin good! And the canneloni tasted like an italian enchilada. If there had been veggies in it I would have stolen it from JD for sure. I have often found  spectacular "specials" at Nicks, so I always ask about them when I call in. Whoever answers the phone has always been uber courteous and sweet explaining all the "off the menu" specials, which I really appreciate (and know is a pain in the arse for them). But it is much appreciated on my end! Grazie Nicks!
4	I think this is the only place in town where I can get gnocchi without unneeded extras.My least meal here stated with the bruchetta, it was good and full of tomatoes and bail on nicely toasted crustinni, the portion could have been larger but the price was right. For my main course I had the ganocci in a Alfredo like sauce. The texture of the ganocci was spot on, the sauce could have used more flavor. I really would like to see a traditional Gorgonzola cream sauce.The included bread basket with the meal is quite good, with a sturdy crust and soft and moist body. I am not sure if I ever got the format right, I always order at the counter, but it would seem some people placed their order with a waiter.  either way the meal is quick and a fair price.  If you go the self service route drinks are in a soda fountain and you can save a few $ on the tip.
4	This is a happy hour reviewIf I lived in a big city, this would be the joint I walk to for Italian take out and a drink while I wait... Family owned and operated -  I think? or at least that's the feel... If you sit at the little bar and have a drink waiting for your takeout, the host will introduce himself and chat with you and that's kinda cool. Almost too much to choose from foodwise, but the specials are always killer. I don't remember the name of the smoked salmon salad special, but another patron recommended it once and it was delicious. Hearty pours on happy hour wines and prices are not shocking overall. Not great happy hour for traditional people watching, etc, but a pretty cool patio. Get the grilled veggie app and the fresh-tasting farfalle emperial. Take a salciccia calzone home for breakfast mmm good lol.
3	This is a pretty good place for casual Italian at reasonable prices.I had the baked ziti with meatballs.  Plenty of sauce and cheese.  Large enough serving that I was able to take half of it home.It's a nice, clean restaurant with friendly service.
1	Had lunch there today and ordered a Margherita pizza. First time in my life that a Margherita pizza was turned into a GARLIC pizza.Dollops of minced garlic polka dotted the whole pizza. Close to inedible. When will Italian restaurants learn that authentic Italian cooking just has a hint of garlic, it is not the main ingredient. No one in that restaurant, management or the kitchen staff, knows anything about Italian food. I am only sorry I could not give it a -5 star rating. Stay away!!!!!
4	As I live in the Greyhawk area, I am really happy to have good, satisfying Italian just around the corner.  We go a couple times a month, the food has always been great, servers friendly and atmosphere nice.  One area that could be improved upon is the wine list however.  Last time we were in it seemed like everything on the list I tried to order was not available or they didn't carry anymore.  Nick's, update your wine list and you'll have an even happier customer!
1	Bought a group coupon to this location and I wanted to use it today.  This location is closed down.  Called the Frank Lloyd Wright location and asked whether they would honor the coupon.  Was told to call back when the manager arrives @ 5pm and ask him.  Hopefully they'll honor it.  Have to wait and see.
1	I'll preface this by saying that this review is based solely on the food and not the ambiance or service as we ordered take-out, but based on the poor quality, awful food that we had, I wouldn't care to venture back to find out if they've made any improvements.We ordered the following items: garlic bread with cheese, bruschetta, a greek salad, a caesar salad, and a margherita pizza.  The only item that was even moderately edible was the garlic bread with cheese, which was nothing more than your typical greasy garlic bread.  The bruschetta was a mix of tomatoes, capers, onions, and some other nondescript items that was meant to be spooned onto some of the most rock hard "pieces of toast" that I've ever had the misfortune of trying to eat.  After the first bite, we both stopped eating for fear of a costly dental bill.  The greek salad that we ordered was not among our take-out order as they had mistakenly given us a wedge of iceberg lettuce instead, which we promptly tossed into the trash.  The caesar met a similar fate as the container of dressing was not even homemade dressing but appeared to be the type of super creamy caesar dressing that comes in a bottle from the grocery store and tasted awful.  Yuck!  While it seemed like a true feat to top the horrible start to our meal, Nick's managed to deliver and our disgusting pizza made the whole meal even more nauseating.  The cheese was oily and of extremely poor quality and the fresh tomatoes were so pale that they were nearly white and completely flavorless.  After one slice each, the pizza found its way into the trash as well.  We'd only paid about $40 for the food, and after our experience, it's clear that the low prices are driven by the purchase of bargain basement ingredients that are not up to the standards of even moderately selective restaurants.  I really can't think of a place that one could go to receive worse Italian food than that served at Nick's.
4	It was our 24th anniversary. So we wanted something good.  Nicks fit the bill.It's was a busy Saturday night.  Service was perfect.  Engaging, friendly and prompt.  We tried the artichoke special as a starter. This was the one fail of the meal.  A nice artichoke sitting in a a bowl of chicken soup.  Not good.Everything else was outstanding.  Big portions, perfectly cooked pasta.  Good wine.  Just what we needed.
