1	While waiting to get into Body English at the Hard Rock Casino, Cuba Gooding Jr popped out the doors and ran through the crowd into the casino. This being the most interesting thing happening at BE for the evening we decided to leave the "line" and head out to another club where we knew the bouncer. As we got into the taxi queue Cuba was hamming it up to the crowd, taking off his shirt. With his small entourage, he jumped inside a CLS Suburban limo. The taxi line was huge, so when we were offered a similar limo from CLS for $35 we accepted and jumped in.When we arrived at the Rio hotel the driver asked for $55! He said $35 was for a "town car", that we were in a "limo." What a f***ing scam. Damn those childproof automatic locks!At least I had some karmic justice later in the night. When we left the Rio another CLS dude was trying to solicit people to ride in a "limo" for $35 again. Too ploughed to care I started yelling - "Don't do it! It really costs $55!" He laughed and walked away from the crowd.
4	Considering the first reviewer, I wouldn't recommend taking their services from a hotel.However, they do offer shuttle service from the airport. You prepay, so there is no way the driver can hammer you for more money.  Just look for signs at baggage claim that say "Airport Shuttles" or something like that.There are actually two separate companies.  This one was a bit more expensive, but the other one only took cash.  And I forgot to get cash before leaving for Vegas.  So I had to go with this one so I can charge it.Use the airport shuttles, it's cheaper. I think it was $6 or so per person to the hotel.  Much cheaper than a cab.  They have the prices posted outside so you can check it out when you arrive.
4	This isn't a bad place for transportation.  My fiancee and I walked over to the Airport Shuttles when we landed and inquired about transportation to the Mirage.  They charge $6 for Strip hotels and $8 for downtown hotels.  That isn't a bad deal.  Basically, it cost $12 round trip and everything is prepaid, so they can't screw you over.  There's a sympathetic sign in the vehicle stating that gratuities are appreciated and that they account for 50% of their salary.  What a joke.  You'll only get a dollar out of me. Anyways, I recommend that you arrange an earlier pick up from the hotel to the airport, since there may be other stops on the way.The service is mediocre, but the prices are great. During my previous stays at Vegas, a cab fare would be at around $25...and that's only one way.  Don't expect to be pampered with service, but know that the money saved can be used for other things. Have fun.
4	wonderful service here cheap and do the jobthese guys do one thing and one thing only get you to and from the Airport, and for not much more than the bus but a lot quicker, $9 a person is damn cheap for a 15 minute ride to your hotel I pay double if not triple that for a shuttle here in SeattleCalled for a pick up to go home and thy were only 2 minutes late from when he said the driver would pick me up, that is damn good service in my eyes, I was a little worried the security person at my hotel was like you sure they will pick you up at this hour, I was like they said they would I sure hope so, but it turned out just fineI will use them again
2	We had three reservations from the Bellagio Hotel to the Las Vegas aiport.  The service was fine as the car showed up on time, was clean and the driver was courteous.  It was not until my mother checked her credit card statement a few days later she noticed an additional charge for $2,176 from CLS Transportation.  My mom emailed back and forth with Christina a few times, and she was unapologetic and offered no explanation as to how her card was overcharged by  more than $2000. Eventually the money was refunded, but we still have no idea why we were overcharged by so much. We didn't find the service to be at all cost effective either. We were heading to the aiport during a busy time on a busy weekend which was why we arranged for the cars instead of just taking taxis. We had three separate cars going the 15 minutes from the Bellagio to the airpor that cost $90, $61 and $71 respectively.
5	I've used CLS for my bachelor party back in August of 2009, and we used them again just last weekend. My boy Art takes care of us everytime we need a limo for however big our party is. When the drivers calls you back, you better be ready to go because when they say they will be infront of your hotel in 10 minutes, they WILL be there in 10 minutes or less!!! The 5 different drivers I've dealt with all have been friendly, courteous, and have communicated very well (as far as pick up location, time, etc). I'm not too sure what they usually charge, but I don't feel I've been overcharged EVER. I'll be using CLS whenever I need limo service when I'm in vegas :)
5	Art, Art... He's the man, if he can't swoop you up, nobody can. I had the pleasure of contacting Art during the '09 SEMA show for a ride to the strip club for a group of 5. I never met the dude but he hooked us up fat. I won't get into tooo much detail, but one word says it all: FREE, this and that. Catch my drift.
3	I've ALWAYS used CLS for transportation FROM the airport to my hotel. Located outside of Gate 13 at the airport, they're the cheapest *round-trip* transportation, as you get 2 tokens with your purchase--1 each way.On my last visit I called the night before for a 10:45 am pick-up from my hotel. We were standing outside at 10:45--no van in site... We waited until 11am to call and see if they were running late. I was transferred to a dispatcher who said simply: "We were there at 10:45--you weren't--we left." My initial protest was met with a hostile tone of indifference that included a raised voice and a very unprofessional attitude. So.... we took a cab.So why 3 stars? Well, it's great FROM the airport but this "to the airport" experience was exasperating. I'm not going to give up on them...yet.
1	We booked a limo with CLS based on hotel Aria's recommendation.  We ordered special champagne for an early birthday celebration.  We had planned on taking a trip to the Valley of fire.  The weather was very warm, 107 or so.  We called ahead of time and we were assured it would be cool in the car. The driver showed on time.  We had to drive to another part of the hotel to pick up a friend.  We were in the car for no more than 5 minutes when we noticed that the air conditioning was blowing warm air.  While driving we heard a banging noise whenever we drove over bumps. When we reached the area where our friend waited, we couldn't open the door. The driver was outside and didn't even turn around.  I had to climb out the window to open the door from outside.  Driver didn't notice a thing.  Once we had everyone in the car it became obvious it wasn't getting any cooler. We had to turn around and go back to the hotel.  The driver suggested going on the freeway to see if the car might get cooler but at that point it was hotter inside the car than out (black car).  The manager suggested to the driver that he bill us for an hour anyway but later she relented.  This company is extremely unprofessional.  It is the Aria's company of choice for no apparent reason.  Caution to anyone considering using this company.
1	I wish I could give this place less than 1 star.  We were staying at the HRH Tower at the Hard Rock.  When our limo failed to show up due to Bellman error, they flagged a CLS Limo down, who gladly offered to take us to The Palm Restaurant for our New Years Eve dinner.  Our first warning sign should have been that the limo driver started taking off while people were still getting into the limo.Then we got about 1/4 of the way to our destination and the limo driver got a phone call.  He said he had an emergency and had to drop us off at the Flamingo.  We said, fine as we were trying to be understanding.  However, as we approached the Flamingo the driver saw that traffic was bad as the City was getting ready to shut down the Strip (it wasn't closed yet).  The driver further freaked out and pulled onto a side street/alley and made us get out of the limo, leaving us standing in the middle of a side street (not very safe).  Perhaps the driver really had an emergency, and if he did, I truly feel for him, but he could have driven 3 or 4 blocks more and dropped us off at a hotel.  He could have offered to send another car for us or call a taxi, but nope.  Instead, we had to walk through this alley side street, down the block, through a hotel, across the Strip, down another couple of blocks, in high heels and party dresses.  OH JOY!  I will NEVER EVER use this company again.  I feel bad if this guy had an emergency because no one wants that to happen, but you can't just leave passengers in an alley side street.
4	Located right outside of door 13. Pay $7/one way to the strip or $12/rt. The driver will help you with your bags. Hop in the shuttle, wait for 15-20 minutes, then take a quick ride to the strip. I was a tad worried when the driver turned into the cargo drop off area for my hotel, so I asked "Is this a shortcut?" the driver responded "no this is the back entrance to the hotel. I will drop you off mobster style". Lol. Remember to tip the driver bc 75% of their pay comes from tips.
1	*** STRONGLY RECOMMEND *AGAINST* USING CLS.My experience was along the lines of Laurie R, and almost identical to Peter D from San Jose. At around noon, we schedued a pickup from our hotel for 6:15p. We were waiting at 5:55p. CLS NEVER SHOWED UP! Two Executive shuttles came and went, three Grayline, and a Showtime, but NO CLS. We called CLS at around 6:30p to find out what was going on. They *claimed* a shuttle *had* shown up (which we knew to be patently false since we were sitting out there closely watching the shuttles). CLS did not offer to immediately send a shuttle for us, and did not offer to comp our ride for having failed to show. Their recommendation: take a taxi at our own expense. Thank you CLS... FOR NOTHING! (literally)This review may ulimately be moot. Rumor has it that the McCarran (Las Vegas) airport is only going to allow four shuttle/limo services next year, and CLS may not make the cut.
3	Aria uses this company if you book transportation through the concierge. We asked for a limo from and to the airport. Although we landed about 45 minutes our driver was on time and waiting for us in the baggage claim. He was impatient and was expecting our luggage to come out first, he was lucky that we sat in first class so of course there is priority. Also, when we got in there were no drinks which most companies offer. We've hired another on our own a couple months prior who had champagne and a rose (Presidential Limousine...read my review)! Aria's concierge told us at the time of booking this arrangement that we can either charge this service to the room, pay with another card or with cash directly to the driver. When the we tried to pay cash,  the driver told us that we had to charge it to the room and just stood around waiting for his tip! He was unfriendly the entire time, in a rush and never spoke to us unless he absolutely had to. My husband and I do not under tip, heck, we don't even tip the average! We always over tip and I felt we tipped this driver far too much for his bad service. On the other hand our driver going back to the airport was friendly, had ice cold water which was nice in the hot Vegas weather that us Hawaii people suffer in! He even asked us if we wanted skycap service and was willing to call one for us. But because we've experienced the worst service from LAS skycaps we declined.So, my theory is that they probably try to provide better service (to be on time, etc) when someone has booked them through a hotel because they do not want to lose their contract. Since their service wasn't extraordinary we won't be booking this service through the concierge. My husband will be contacting his casino host at Aria to book the transportation so we can ride in an Aria limo instead.
1	One star because I cannot award less. Our reservation was for 8:30 at Caesars.. when the shuttle was not yet there by 8:40 we called to find out where it was. We were told they were picking up passengers at Bellagio and we could walk over there to catch the bus!!! WALK UPSTAIRS, OVER A BRIDGE, DOWN STAIRS, SCHLEPPING LUGGAGE BECAUSE IT WAS MORE CONVENIENT FOR CLS?????  The insipid driver finally arrived and informed us they don't pick up at 8:30. WHAT???? She radioed dispatch and told them she just picked up 6 that were giving her a hard time, what should she do with us? REALLY???? Then she informed us there were 3 more stops along the way when there were only two empty seats left.  WHAT????  Honestly, what if anything was RIGHT about this?  When we didn't tip this horrible driver she awarded us the dirty look of the year and smirked at us muttering something vulgar under her breath and sarcastically waiving *goodbye*  In a town dependent on tourism, being nice to customers is not an OPTION.  CLS seems to be unaware of this little fact.
1	The worst!  35 minutes just to leave the damn airport!  Bad product, bad attitude, stay away.
1	Plain & Simple- do not use this service. We bought a round-trip at the airport. The drop off was fine. However, when I made reservations for our pick-up back to the airport, the reservations person neglected to inform us that the pickup site was in the back of our hotel. So after waiting in the front, I finally called and that's when they told me to go to the back and that we could catch the 6:15 shuttle. By the time we get to the back it's not even 6:10. After waiting till 6:20 we call again. They inform us that the 6:15 shuttle had arrived early and left already, knowing full well that we were scheduled to be on it since we just spoke minutes earlier. Had to take a taxi at a cost of $30 to the airport. Barely made our flight on time. Horrible way to end a great week in Vegas. There are many choices for shuttles, choose another one.
1	CLS runs a low quality business. Though I had no problem getting from the airport to my Vegas timeshare using them, my problem stemmed from the need to get back to the airport after my vacation. With reservations made a day ahead of time, I figured I'd have no trouble. When the shuttle missed it's 7:45 pick-up time at my resort, I called to find out there was apparently no reservation recorded (things happen) so they said they'd send a driver to arrive within 10-15 minutes. Though my resort has a contract and uses CLS on a regular basis, the CLS dispatcher seemed completely oblivious about the location of the Wyndham Worldmark, and would not accept the address we continuously tried to provide. After waiting the 15 minutes (as I understand reservations can be lost... we're only human), still no shuttle. Another 15 minutes goes by and nothing... now no answer when we call CLS back. Ultimately, I ended up needing to take a cab to avoid missing a flight (even after giving PLENTY of leeway in my shuttle-needs). Oddly enough, the cab was only a dollar more expensive than the shuttle.
2	I will not use this "service"  again. I won't go into a diatribe but the last insult to my sences was i reserved a ride back to the airport 24 hours in advance as they request. When my ride didn't show up and I called and asked where my shuttle was, I was told a pathetic "I don't know".You ask if i will use Cls again? I say  an enthusiastic "NO".
2	Had to wait 15-20 minutes for the shuttle to fill, but simply paying the $12 (round trip) fee is so much easier than haggling with some of the limo drivers upon exiting the airport.
1	I used CLS shuttle from the Las Vegas Airport to the Strip. During the ride, we were a captive audience to a gentleman who used the time to try to bully us into attending a "free" timeshare presentation. He had offers of shows, dinners, etc. It was quite annoying.
1	Horrible!!! DO NOT USE THIS COMPANY! I booked two limos one week in advance, and they charged my card 2 1/2 x the price of EACH limo (which I said we'd pay in cash) the next day - before their services were even used. ($500 charge on my card, which was only supposed to be used to hold the cars, not to pay for them - this was explicitly stated.) When I called to find out why, they sent my call to voicemail. No apologies, and certainly no customer service. These people are criminals - watch out!!!
1	DO NOT USE THIS COMPANY!!!  They DOUBLE charged my card before we even got in the Limo and then expected us to pay again in CASH once we arrive.  I called to ask about this and they forwarded me to the "back office" direct to a voicemail.  Avoid these guys at all costs!
1	Don't use these guys unless you make an appointment with the dispatcher.   Made arrangements with two different drivers and both times I was stood up.Would never use them again.
2	In the past year this Company has trended down in overall service. A recent sedan picking me up on advance reservation, had a defective rear passenger window and marginal air conditioning. The driver seemed new and stopped the car to call dispatch regarding a low fuel gauge. No one seemed to know if the car had a faulty gauge or was truly empty. As the outside temperature hit 105 , I was uneasy being faced with possible out of gas scenario in afternoon traffic. We made it to my drop off, but it's justNot in the very good ranking anymore.
1	Worst limo service ever!!!!Unstocked, unfriendly and lying cheapskates. They charged us double the agreed amount even with a receipt showing the correct amount.  If you call them they always send you to voice mail and never return your calls.  They took the long way to Fremont and our hotel (hello - there is a freeway). We had to find the driver at one point who had gone off and didn't tell anyone. He came back to us all standing around the limo wanting to leave. The driver took us to the shadiest liquor store where I thought we were going to get mugged and didn't even drop us at the front of our hotel.
1	These people rip you off. They have just been indicted for it. Drugs, prostitution and thousands of dollars overcharge on credit transactions. Avoid this scam of a company at all costs.  See chanel 3 news report dated 13 Dec 2012
