5	My sister and I scored a room here via Hotwire for our annual shopping trip; located in a business park on Madison's west side, this is a nice property.  Fast check in and told that if you are a Priority Club member, which my sis is, we would be able to partake of the free appetizers and drinks in the lobby bar area.  There was a great selection of goodies, including dessert.  Our room on the second floor was clean, roomy and quiet. The fitness room was great as well.   I would recommend this to anyone traveling to Madison's west side.
1	I had my son's birthday party at the waterpark in the hotel.  They advertise this service, and even offer coupons from time to time.  I was not very happy with the whole process from start to finish.  There are too many ridiculous rules.  For one thing, I think it's good business to honor coupons that are presented, whether or not they are expired--the purpose is to attract business, right?  Then we need to bring in our own cake, which is fine, but you can't say we NEED to bring one type of food item, and then BAN other food items.  I brought some chips and crackers to the party room.  Then I was told (after I already set everything up) that we couldn't have snacks in the party room.  Or drinks.  Would YOU like to attend a party with no snacks or drinks?  So then I got to trudge back and forth to the room, moving food and carrying by wet, wailing toddler.  Fun.  Also the times available were not what I would have chosen--sunday evening is not the best time.  But since it was so late, I thought it would be nice to have beer for the adults.  SURPRISE that wasn't allowed either!  The bar was closed so we couldn't even purchase beer if we wanted to (unless we wanted to get dressed, walk to the lobby, again carrying wet children).There were facility problems too.  The party room smelled horrible, like rotten sweatsocks and underwear.  Who wants to eat in a room that smells like ass?  I don't know if it was the chairs or the filthy carpet or what.  Also, some of the kids wanted to swim around 7 PM, and most of the lights were off in the pool area.  This is very unsafe--I could barely see my toddler.Although the woman serving was very nice, it's clear the whole purpose of these rules are to try to force you to buy more things and spend more money.  I will NOT be having another party here!  If I'm renting a room for a few hours to have a party, I expect to be able to eat and drink whatever I want.
4	This is a very clean and efficient hotel with a lot going for it.there's the very quirky pool featuring a water slide, pirate ship, and take palm trees, there is free drinks for guests st happy hour, and even entertainment at the lobby bar some nights. My personal favorite perk is the shuttle service. Not only did they get us from the airport and to training, but they suggested and took us to some great restaurants in the area.The only down side is that the rooms can be a bit noisy, but I was next to the gym.
4	A fair choice. Reasonably priced with decent service. A nice middle of the road hotel though it is unexceptional.  Since I'm a grand poohbah with priority club I was upgraded to a suite which is nice but looks out on the small indoor water park for children.  It's very loud.
3	The hotel is a oddly located, a bit far from Madison proper. The hotel is beautiful, really stunning, and if i hadn't had my kids with me I would have spent my time at the lovely bar located in the lobby. The water park is nice, it's indoor and the water is warm. It's small enough for my 22 month old to enjoy and still big enough for my experienced 6 year old swimmer to find excitement. Our room was on the 3rd floor, looking over the indoor water park. This irked me. The windows don't open, and if they did we'd just get hot steamy pool air, what I want in the Midwest in April is to open my window and have some fresh air. Because we couldn't open our windows the room became stifling with 2 adults and 2 children. So we put the air on, but then we were freezing. . . We also were only provided with one towel in our room. . . My husband asked for more at the front desk and they told him they had run out the night before but that someone would bring some up. After 2 hours at the water park we went up stairs and still had no towels. I flagged down a cleaning staff person in the hall and snagged 4 towels. Also our sink kept draining very slowly, it was kind of gross. All in all the hotel and amenities are nice, but the rooms are pretty "meh". Next time I'd probably request a room with a window that actually goes outside.
1	I got to shower in a pool of water, the "energy efficient" HVAC unit created a sauna like experience every morning around 5am making my 6am alarm useless, and when I would return to my room at the end of a long day, I would be short on towels and pillows would be on the floor with the beds semi-made.  While the front desk staff were nice, they didn't address any of these issues when I shared it with them.The new attached restaurant is worth trying though as they have fairly good items on the menu.
4	We recently stayed two nights at the Holiday Inn and Suites Madison West.  We really enjoyed this hotel.  The pool and waterpark area make this hotel a little better then others in the area.  The waterpark is more for children under 8 years old, our near 4 year old really enjoyed the water slides here, but would be overwhelmed by slides at the dells.  I was very annoyed that there was zero soap and shampoo in our room on arrival.  I had to walk around the halls to find the maid to get some soap.The next day our room was not cleaned when we returned at 2pm, but we called the front desk and it was cleaned quickly.  This time the maid only left 1 bottle of each shampoo, conditioner, lotion, and etc.  I have long hair and we had 3 people in our room, the maids need to leave more shampoos.  This hotel needs to supply free breakfast coupons for the hotel restaurant.  We paid $315.90 for two nights, I've come to expect a free breakfast for that kind of money.  We were surprised that breakfast was not provide.  Yes, the kid's meal was free, but I feel like a free breakfast should be a given at this type of hotel.
2	This facility is really a tale of two different hotels.  If you can get a king room, then I would highly recommend it.  THe king room has a very comfortable wed, huge windows facing out, a really nice bathroom, and a nice little sitting area with a couch and big flat screen TV.  In the king room, you get a digital thermostat as well, which I consider a big plus.  If it was only the king rooms, then I would give this hotel 4 stars.However, the double rooms are a whole different story.  Instead of one big comfortable bed, you get two small and not nearly as comfortable beds.  The seating area is absent, which is extremely dissapointing to me.  The distinct "living room" area was absolutely my favorite part about the other room.  Furthermore, the bathroom (especially the shower area) is not nearly as nice.  The windows face the inside, and my room actually opened out into the hot tub.  If the pool is busy, the noise will carry into your room.  Overall, the double bed room is a big dissapointment.  I was especially dissapointed considering that the rooms are the same price, when they're not even close to the same quality.As for other facilities, the hotel has a nice restaurant attached.  The hot tub is a nice option to have, and is rather spacious.  There's also free wireless and a cool bar in the lobby.  Priority Club Members get their safe fee refunded (yes, how incredibly nickle-and-dime is it to have a safe fee even if you dont use the in room safe??) and get two free drinks at the hotel bar.Staff is always friendly, although I was somewhat dissapointed that the front desk employee didn't offer to see if there was an upgraded room available for me, as I belive that's fairly standard practice for hotels and their status-ed club members.So to sum up: If you can be guaranteed a king room not facing the pool, this is a great hotel and a great value.  If you're even facing the possibility of a double bed room, I would recommend looking elsewhere.
4	Stayed in a king with my husband and 2 year old.  It was perfect.  My son had his own area in the room for his pack and play (with a tv for his movies).  It only had a shower, which wasn't a problem for us, and the water pressure was great.  They also had great smelling shampoo, conditioner, and lotion from Bath and Body Works.  The pool area was perfect for my soon, but I don't think it would be as thrilling for kids closer to seven or eight.  (My 2 year old went down every slide if that gives you any idea)  The pool area was a little dated looking (wear and tear), but it was very warm.  There is a pool entry on every floor, and some rooms connect to the pool area.  If this place would have had a breakfast included it would have been perfect.  But then I wouldn't have discovered Hubbard Ave Diner.
4	We had a king room. One of the most comfortable hotel beds I've slept on. Nice size room and was grateful we did not face the pool. Definitely a family hotel for smaller children.  Our toilet seat was broken as well as the"light block" curtain. We mentioned this to the front desk upon our check out, so no one would get hurt sitting on a broken toilet. The front desk clerk was very apologetic. Within minutes the General Manager called apologizing & offered us a free night stay. A refreshing surprise as we weren't complaining, just notifying them. And in the past at other hotels when something like this gets mentioned, it usually gets brushed off. Will stay again.
3	The lobby area is gorgeous, and it always smelled good when we walked thru (not sure if someone was always lurking that smelled good or what, because it never seemed to be the same smell, but I always took notice of it smelling good).After we checked in and got up to our room, we weren't up there long and we got a phone call -- from the front desk, asking to make sure everything was good with our room. That was nice. We've never had that with any other hotel before.Stayed in a king room with bunk beds. The kids got a kick out of the bunk beds, but all it is in a metal bunk bed set in an area that is partitioned off from the rest of the room. The king bed was pretty comfy.The room was clean and just enough for us.The pool area was fun and even my 12 year old, and almost-10-year-old enjoyed themselves. Most times they played basketball in the pool, but they also went down the slide quite a few times. There's a water area which is good for smaller kids too.To really call this a "water park" is kind of silly. Because it's really just sort of a water area. I knew from reading reviews and doing research ahead of time that it wasn't going to be a big thing -- so there was no disappointment. But for someone that might not look that closely and just sees "water park" might be quite shocked when they arrive.We had a good time, and the stay was good. We'd definitely consider staying here in the future.
2	1) A/c unit has no automatic setting so you have to keep turning it on and off. Even in middle of the night. So there goes that night's sleep. 2) Poolside means you have 2 doors and no windows to outside. 3) Only 1 shuttle to and from Epic per day since it takes about 30 minutes to get there. Don't miss it or you'll need to call a cab. 4) Restaurant on site, Benvenuto's wasn't too bad. Ate there twice. Margherita pizza was so-so, but had great crust. Maybe a different one would be better. Also had the eggplant parmesan, which was different but good. 5) Thankfully it was pretty quiet. 5) Is close to Walgreens, Chipotle and a few orher places. You can walk if need be. 6) Decor is old. Seriously time to upgrade a bit. 7) Bed was ok.
4	I booked a room last minute for 1 night on a recent Friday, arriving around 8 pm on a Friday night. The check in process was quick and easy. I was assigned a room with two queen beds on the third floor.  The room was at the far end of the hotel (my favorite-usually more quiet), and the beds were great with a variety of foam pillows.The bathroom, while a bit small, had a shower with plenty of water pressure and hot water and a large sink and counter. There also was a small refrigerator and microwave.They've got a nice lobby with a bar.  There wasn't anything going on so I stopped and had a drink - Old Fashioned (the really make them well in Wisconsin and this one was well made).  The young bartender was very personable and efficient.  He did a good job making me feel welcome.I'd definitely stay there again when next I'm in Madison.  Good price and comfy, welcoming  environment.
4	We make this our family headquarters during Badger game weekend trips. Kids like the pool, which can translate to crowded. Nice bar area if you need a drink before heading out to one of the many great restaurant choices nearby or downtown. Close to the widest array of shopping choices in Madison.  Can't comment on the restaurant within the hotel - based on the weak free coffee I've never wanted to try it.
