5	Amazing! Competitive pricing and options available.  They are also offering 20% for the grand opening. $15 off punch card after 10th visit. I will definitely be returning and taking everyone with me.
4	I'm very snobby about my pedicures lol :) that being said I was very impressed the inside of building is beautiful very relaxing. The options of colors are great & a nice selection of products for purchase. There are two different products you can choose from for treatments they vary in price in range if $25 to $ 60+ . They do offer a punch card program which I think is very generous & I look forward to using. The staff was friendly I went in with my mother in law & we were helped by Tracy & Kim both were fantastic!!! They have a grand opening special right now that offers a 20% off discount. They accept only cash for tips so try to remember to hit atm first . Also may be helpful to make appointment this place maybe new but is filling up quick.
5	Had a great experience.  I got 20% off for their grand opening.  They offered a drink when I arrived and made the experience relaxing.  I got a regular manicure and it lasted longer than anywhere else I have been.  I will definitely be going back.
5	I love this place! Clean, beautiful, friendly and too-notch without being crazy expensive. Three generations of girls came here to get pedis and we weren't disappointed. We got the signature deluxe service which delivered on expectations with a great massage. My 4 year old was made to feel extra special with super glitter polish and my mom almost fell asleep :) pretty pretty toes all round!
5	Great place to come and relax with friendly service. I've been here twice now and both times were fantastic.  I highly recommend this place.
5	Always get accommodated right away and they are all very sweet! Snow has done my nails and toes twice now and always leave happy. Refreshments here from water to beer/wine/champagne. Everything is very clean and cute inside. You'll leave happy with great prices and punch/reward card!
5	Everytime I have com here. I absolutely love how clean and well kept the salon is. I am always asked if I would like anything to drink within the first 5 minutes of walking in, which is a great feeling. My nails stay for more than two weeks and I'm pleased with the color each and every time. I never seem to be dissapointed. Thank you so much Herbal nails.
5	Feel like being pampered?  This was the best pedi I've have in awhile.  And I've been to a lot over the years.  Try the Invigorating Nu-pedicure for $40.  Feels great!  I also like how gentle they are.  I tend to be quite ticklish and they were gentle enough that I didn't even cringe.  Will definitely be back.
4	I loved this place !! They offer a lot of 'extra goodies' for the same prices as other places .. They do great massages, use great products , Ect... The only reason I took off a half star is bc I went in for a gel polish change and they said it was for $15 ... When I went to check out she said it was for $20.. Confused I asked and the reply was that they charge $5 to remove your old gel polish ... :-/    I would have rather then just say that up front... Other than that I love them and their discount card !!
4	This place had just opened in my neighborhood, and they had a 20% discount going on to bring in customers, and it was time for me to do my gel manicure again. They don't have this special going on anymore, and they had it when I went at the end of May since they had just opened. I did have to wait a few minutes, and didn't mind because they were accommodating, and I was checking out the new place. Inside, it is very nice, calming, and soothing.Once I got seated with Mike, I had chosen my colors, and he started removing my gel nails that I had. Mike was very nice, and he did an amazing job with my nails. I usually scope out instagram and pinterest and find the gel nails/gel nail art that I want, and show them the designs/style I want with my phone. He was very good, and nice.I will definitely come back again. The gel nails lasted almost an entire month. If you are in the neighborhood and need a good gel manicure (i think it is now 30.00, which isn't bad at all) manicure, ask for Mike, and he will do an amazing job. I like that they offer a punch card program, which I had never encountered at another nail place salon.Their pedicures look amazing too. They range from low price to high price and although I have not gotten a pedicure there, the people I saw getting them seem to be enjoying them.
4	Great Place - clean (use one set of supplies just for you) peaceful, friendly and convenient (it is next to two eating facilities on one side and Donuts on the other - and walking distance to Walgreens too. . All the people are friendly and make you feel welcome.  Try it once and I am sure you will want to come back for more.
5	Herbal nails is fantastic. The staff is wonderful and really goes above & beyond to give you a great experience. The atmosphere is always so relaxing. Cleanliness and customer service are truly done right there. Last but not least they have a large selection of nail colors and my nails always look wonderful after I leave.
2	Very disappointed in pedicure service yesterday. Extremely unfortunate as location is very convenient for me. Lady at front desk was not vey welcoming when I inquired about the special advertised one the banner out front, which was hardly a special at all. Technician was mostly disinterested  in what she was doing, even stopping to send a text in the middle! But the worst was when I got home and discovered the still rough skin on my feet despite paying for a 2nd tear pedicure. Perhaps if they change ownership someday, I may revisit. There are many other better and less expensive nail salons in the area for now.
5	Friendly staff, clean environment & the best customer service! $5 off mani/pedi special or free eyebrow wax was a nice surprise at the end of my service! Had a minor mess up & went in a few days later and they would not even take a tip! Love that they are so close!
5	Nicest nail salon I have been to in a long time! Sanitized utensils, friendly staff, thorough work, and even a back massage with manicures! I will be going back very soon! Worth the drive!
5	First thing you notice: super clean without the harsh chemical smell. They staff is very friendly and thorough, and no one tries to talk too much. Considering what you get with a basic pedicure (fruit infused foot bath, salt scrub, 10 minute lotion rub, hot stone massage), the price is unbeatable. This is definitely the new spot.
5	Such a great calming place for a pedicure! Very peaceful ambiance and have free wifi. The girl that did my pedicure was beyond sweet. Loved that they put fresh lime and orange slices in the water as your feet soak. Everyone should try this place!
1	Terrible!! Lets get straight to the point. She looked at my nails and I said "Do not make them shorter just even them out". She stuck one hand in a cold water bowl and took my other hand and starting hacking away at my nail in a way that I am sure will make nails split...and it hurt. So i stopped her and asked her not to do it that way so she did and continued to make my medium length nails now short. HRUMPH! She switched hands and pushed back my cuticles so hard that it hurt, barely trimmed cuticles and then repeated on other hand. Then scraped my nails underneath to clean and about made me bleed. I am watching in such amazement as she is totally disregarding anything I have requested. Then she starts bad mouthing the owner! Next, she starts to paint my nails and I had to stop her to see if she could trim my now dry, white skin around my cuticles that is in plain sight!! She acted like it was not a big deal and trimmed maybe 2 pieces. I let her finish painting and got up to leave before they were dry. And, btw...another client got up and left from her bad experience as well. i should have walked out too!!
5	I can't imagine anyone being disappointed in this place. It is so clean and relaxing. I prefer a quiet atmosphere so I can chill. They have free wi-fi which is nice to relax while watching a program on my iPad. I've been there 6 times since they opened and each time has been lovely. It can get crowded so you should be patient or plan in advance. They have several options for pedicure and manicure so there is a Price that will work for everyone. I had gone for 8 years to my former salon and I have switched to Herbal Nails.  I'm thrilled they are in my neighborhood.
5	I am extremely picky when it comes to my pedicures as well as my acrylic nails! I am very happy I stopped in! My pedicure is beautiful (completed by Candi) and my full set of pink and whites were completed by Katie. They are beautiful and just the way I like them. I couldn't be happier! :)The salon is beautiful and clean! I am recommending them to everyone!!
