1	My mom snowbirds here for 6 months, in the spring/summer she utilized Allstate Storage.  Well she just opened the unit yesterday, and everything was absolutely covered with dust and dirt.  Now, I know we live in the desert, but she has used other storage places and have never had the dirt like she had in this one!  As the movers came in this morning to transport her things, she went through the gate, then the moving truck went through.  The bar came down and broke over the moving truck.  The man in the office was a complete jerk and charged the moving company to repair the bar.  He stated there were signs that stated the bar will only allow for 1 car, even though he knew and saw the moving truck behind my mother's car.As they all left, the guy was about to AGAIN drop the bar onto the truck, but then he reluctantly game out manually opened the gate.This place needs some serious improvement!
3	Is a pretty large storage facility with a lot of different size units. The facility is pretty clean. I use it to store files so I have the smaller unit they offer.  People in the office seem pretty nice. My only complaints I have are how much dust gets into the units and how far away it is from my house.  They could use better doors to seal out the dust.
1	Rude Service, Misquoted prices. Moving in 107 degree heat is never fun. Things are made much worse when the woman at the storage facility lies about the price. We had already been moving for hours when we arrived and were hot and sweaty. Naturally we were annoyed when the price of the unit was $40 more per month than she had told us over the phone. The woman behind the desk was quoting storage sizes and costs so fast, her rapid firing seemed almost designed to confuse us. When my husband asked for clarification she was so rude that we got up and left. She seemed much more interested in watching her TV show and tending to her barking dogs than helping customers. We went to a different storage facility and got a lower quote and excellent customer service. I don't know what she had to be rude about, sitting in a nice air conditioned room with her dogs and her TV. We were the ones baking alive in the hot sun.
