5	Eargasm Overload. What-ta weekend!The MMMF team really out did themselves this year! The lineup, the seating, the food, the beer...everything was perfect. The layout was ideal, as it provided viewers the opportunity to be close enough to see the sweat drip from the foreheads of the artists or spread out across a blanket on the grass depending on preference. There really wasn't a bad seat in the house and the downtown location couldn't have been better.I'm thrilled to have such a fantastic festival right in our own back yard and can't wait to see where it goes from here. If you haven't been, definitely add it to your list. All of your senses, along with the wonderful charities this event benefits will be mighty grateful you did. Cheers!
5	Scottsdale is dumb. McDowell Mountain Music Festival use to be in Scottsdale and by the time it was relegated to a Petsmart Parking Lot, it was time to move on. This year the festival was held downtown at a local park and has become one of the best music festivals metro Phoenix has ever seen. The three day festival had a different undefined theme daily and fell on spring break. Bands like Edward Sharpe and the Magnetic Zeroes have played the festival for years. Check out a reasonably priced, fabulous festival worth every penny.
3	I liked the move to Margaret T. Hance Park. There was a great view of the stage no matter where you were.  It was very close to a lightrail stop which is super convenient.  I was a little disappointed in the lines.  I had to wait in line to get my ID checked, wait in line for a beer and wait in line again for the bathroom.  I would say a good chunk of my time was spent standing in line.  If there are really going to be that many people there, consider more than one table for ID checks, more bathroom facilities and more vendors.
5	I think having the festival at Hance Park was a good move. I loved the vibe. It almost felt like Central Park.There were no bad seats in the house. Thanks to Michele M. We were seated in the VIP section- there was an open bar, lunch, dinner, free flowing snacks. There was also valet parking and lounge chairs already set up so it was great that we didn't have to bring anything. It was also set up so we could easily walk over to the general admissions area to visit all the vendor booths. I also noticed in the general admissions area they had set up free water stations and also free sunscreen which I thought was very considerate. Even without the VIP treatment, the concert would have been very fun to attend as the general admissions area were filled with people on blankets just enjoying themselves, there were plenty of food and trinket vendors and there were no bad views. I hope they decide to have the festival at Hance Park again!
