5	So....You say you want authentico?? My family secret shhhh! This place is owned by a lady named Maria. We have dubbed this place just "Maria's" we have been going here for year's!! When the white folk's around me say let's go to Valley Luna I have to school them on what's real food. This food is pure Jalisco and it is what it is! If you want some good home style cookin' in this part of town I would stop in for a bite! You better believe that this place gets busy for dinner so plan accordingly or don't go at peak times for those who don't like crowds. This is a nice little place w a bar and tv's. My sibling's would live here if they could my sister swears by the green chili burro, not for the weak as it brings the heat. I don't eat meat so I get the norm cheese enchiladas, chile relleno, etc all super in my book. I will take pics soon in the meantime here is a recent write up about the place http://www.azcentral.com/ent/dining/articles/2008/03/20/20080320elconquistador.htmlP.S. Closed Monday's
3	I'm giving El Conquistador 4 stars for the food but 1.5 stars for the service. I wanted to LOVE this place, I really did -- I know that it is a mom and pop place, and it has a fantastic review already on Yelp and in the AZ Republic. I thought I would be a cooler Phoenician if I could make this my new "my place." Perhaps we hit on an off night (just a random Saturday), but our service was horrible. I was taking my neighbor out for dinner, and her comment was that "we could have died back here and they wouldn't notice." We waited at least 5 minutes before anyone came over to give us menus or take a drink order. We alerted them that it was our first time in the establishment and asked for recommendations, which were given but wtih minimal enthusiasm. We tried giving "the eye" or "the nod" and stopped short only of getting up to refill our own drinks during the meal. On the plus side, the food was very good and I have been craving it since my initial visit! I had a combination plate that let me taste a yummy chili relleno, taco and enchilada -- all were fantastic. My neighbor got the special (seafood enchiladas) and raved about hers as well. I will definitely visit again, but if the service isn't any better then maybe I'll turn it into my new special "my takeout place."
5	My husband and I moved to Phoenix from San Diego a little over a year ago.  We searched for months for a Mexican restaurant to satisfy our cravings for GOOD mexican food.  Luckily we found El Conquistador and have never gone anywhere else.  We go here every week and cannot recommend this place enough!  The salsa is delicious and the enchiladas verdes (I prefer the cheese or chicken) are absolutely the BEST I have ever had, ever.  I wish I could give this place TEN stars.  Try El Conquistador, I guarantee that you will be back time and time again.
4	In a nutshell:  the food is delicious, the owners/servers/cooks(?) friendly, outgoing, & self deprecating; the service - slow.  Truly, the only flaw.  However, the owners/servers acknowledged their lack of speedy service and would apologize, and make fun of how slow they are.I can't say enough about  their food - fresh, delicious & worth the wait!!  The mole chicken  enchiladas are incredible, as is their "Conquistador" burrito.  Portions are hearty & the prices are as they should be - fair.
5	El Conquistador is the best Mexican restaurant in Phoenix. My wife & I have been going here for 10 years and it is always consistently great. Owned by a husband & wife... Maria who is the chef & Mark who is always smiling and greeting customers. I'll never understand why this wonderful restaurant is never rated in the top 5 Mexican restaurants in Phoenix.The Poblano soup is unique and I have never seen it anywhere else.We travel to Mexico a lot & this restaurant is as authentic as it gets.As far as we're concerned it's Numero Uno. Viva Maria & Mark.Keith
3	Food was good, but $24 for lunch is a bit steep.  One burrito al a carte and a lunch special plus a beer and a soda..  Service was great.  I'll go back and try something else around dinner time..
3	Maria was super nice and inviting. 5 stars for service and ambiance. This place was clean. The rest room was clean. The chips and salsa were excellent, hot and chunky salsa. Food: I had the two soft taco meal with rice and beans. I mixed the tacos one with Chicken and one with Beef. The beef was carne asada on two small corn shells. Topped with pico. The chicken was chopped into cubes and was "day old" at best. It was not fresh. Topped with pico.The rice was good but I have had better, the beans were ok but really lacked flavor. The "lunch" was about 10 bucks and I felt cheated. Maybe I am not a Jalisco style fan?
1	The service was fine, and the atmosphere, while nothing special.The food was not that great, it was not as i was expected from the reviews here i read on yelp.sorry, i must had gone in at the wrong time. nothing more to say and very disappointed..will try again next month when i am in that area.
3	This is a locally owned mexican restaurant that definitely has some good dishes and salsa.  However in these times I think that you need to excell on each level.  A restaurant can't rely soley on the food.Located on the northern side of Bell Road in a newer strip mall the outside looks very inviting.  As you walk in the decor is neatly situated and the atmosphere gets you excited for some possible good mexican food.  After your initial look around when walking in a little confusion may settle in. No one will greet you at the door and you wonder if you should wait to be sat or just seat yourself.  With more observation you'll notice a sign far away from the front door saying "Please seat yourself."  So you look for a clean cozy table and seat yourself, which is not a big deal at all.  Next you have to wait for someone to give you a menu to see what they actually serve.  You would think that menus would arrive very shortly, but I found out that on two occasions it took upwards to five minutes for them to arrive.  I am an understanding person , I can see the place is busy,and I love mexican food so I patiently wait with a smile.I could go and on about how long it took for my experiences here.  What I found out on two lunch visits that the owners are the servers as well.  No problem at all with this if you are good at what you do and are speedy.  However when each server has over a ten table section and can't get you in and out in a timely manner then it's time to hire some help.  Or maybe change your concept of the restaurant while having customers go to a window and order their food.I'll remind you that the food is really good, but everything takes forever.  My recommendation is to try takeout.
5	Yes, sometimes the service can be slow. If you are in a hurry, I'm sure that there is a taco shop somewhere close to you. If you are looking for THE BEST Mexican Food restaurant in Phoenix, El Conquistador is it. I cannot recommend this place enough to everyone I know. The old location used to be close to my house, but we still drive 15 miles out of our way to come here every week. The food is consistently outstanding. My favorite is the enchiladas verdes con pollo. Delicious!!!  The new location is at 5350 West Bell Road, Suite 123-124, Glendale, AZ 85308.
2	Food here is decent, but not worth the surly service.The owner's husband didn't even have the consideration to get off the phone the entire time we were there. It was plastered to his ear even while he was waiting on us. It was obvious both of them hated having to work there.We asked the owner, who was sweet as pie last time we visited at the old location, how she liked the new digs. She kind of shrugged, mumbled something about the "economy" and quickly ignored us to go fawn over some other table. Hmm, oddly I know of several independent restaurants that are thriving, with lines out the door, despite the "economy." Maaaayyybeee, and this is just a wild guess, it could be the fact that people don't want to spend their hard-earned money for so-so food and shoddy service. Just an idea.Oh, and all of those signs that are posted everywhere with stern warnings about not using a credit card unless you charge $15? Totally against the contract you signed with Visa, Mastercard, et. al. You either take credit or you don't. If I want to charge 5 cents, it would be a real jerky thing to do, but technically I could. Take the signs down. They're obnoxious, for one, and against the rules for another.
5	The only reason that I can even begin to imagine as to why reviewers say it's nothing special is because a) they were expecting the typical Mexican food. This is Halisco style food - not the same! Think of it as more of a gourmet style Mexican restaurant. And b) they ordered the chicken tacos. Admittedly, they sort of suck. I've been coming here with my family for years! After they moved across town to the new location, we followed.Ambiance: It's a CUTE restaurant with an old town Mexican theme. Subdued lighting with eccentric and rich coloring.Service: You are evil spawn if you don't like M&M. They work hard and are the loveliest people ever! They are friendly and remember you if you go there often enough. He looks angry but I swear he's super nice. She's so warm and welcoming and knows my order every time I go in.Thanks.Food (and none of it is greasy!):+ Pork chop/cube with green sauce: INCREDIBLE. OMYGOODNESS. They're soft. They're savory. They're moist. They couldn't be better. They make me want to sing my praises from the rooftops of Phoenix.+ Chicken tacos: Skip them. They are kind of disappointing.+ Chicken tortilla soup: AMAZING. Seriously. I have yet to find one that's better. It's spicyyy and will clear your sinuses! Mmm.+ Refried beans: Fantastic. The best I've had, and believe me, I am well versed in Mexican food. If anyone knows beans, it's me.+ Chips and salsa: The chips are freshly deep fried, so they're wonderful and crunchy. The salsa is great. One is chunky and mildly hot, while the other is super smooth and super hot. Both taste amazing.And the best of all: their always-spotless utensils, plates, and tables make me endlessly happy. So clean :')
5	What a lot of people don't understand about El Conquistador is that it is on par with the Soup Nazi from Seinfeld. You do not go there for ultra-friendly and speedy service, you simply be happy that you are seated at a table about to eat some of the best mexican food in the world...maybe second to Los Dos Molinos, but hey that's all the way down by South Mountain. Mark and Maria are wonderful people churning out some incredible food. My all time favorite is the El Conquistador burrito enchilada style. It's filled with steak picado, chile relleno and beans and smothered in yummy green sauce.
4	I was desperately in need of mexican food one day at lunch or else I was going to rip someone's face off... it was just one of those days and luckily I drove by this place.Definitely 5 stars for Maria, who I gather owns this place, as she was really nice and inviting. I needed to get my food to go, which wasn't a problem and I ordered a carne asade burrito which came with a side of beans and rice - oh I also got a bag of chips and salsa too! That was a plus, especially since I wasn't expecting it.When I finally got to sit down and eat my food it totally appeased the burrito beast inside me. There was a lot of food and the rice was delicious too. I think I spent around ten bucks...not too bad. Also, just a note - they only accept cards with a $15 minimum so if you plan to spend less than that, bring cash!
4	Many reviewers have already done a great job reviewing this restaurant so I'll just weigh in with my rating and share my two experiences.To date I've ordered take out once and eaten in once at El Conquistador and was very satisfied with both experiences.  My first experience was ordering take out with my wife; as it was our first venture we both ordered the El Conquistador burrito (Chile Relleno, Steak Picado, Guacamole & Beans). The burrito was very good; the chile relleno was moderately spicy and firm, the steak was well seasoned and served medium and the beans were well prepared and likely scratch made.  One often overlooked but key item really delivered; the tortilla. It was a superb flour tortilla and if not scratch made then they're sourcing it from someone who knows what they're doing.My second experience was group dinner in which I ordered Carne Asada tacos (soft).  The tacos were simple (as one should be), fresh and delicious. The beef appeared to be slow cooked in an oven rather than a traditional Sonora style grilled asada but that did not take away from the quality.  If you're a cabeza fan then you'll love their asada.  The obligatory chips and salsa were excellent. Homemade, thin yellow corn chips and two salsa options; a fresh, mild, traditional but tasty rojo and a smokey, spicy offering that was quite good.The restaurant itself was very clean. On both visits I was served by the owners, apparently a husband and wife duo.  The wife was fun, friendly and attentive. If you're craving some greasy, cheddar cheesy hangover curing Sonoran style gut bombs then hit up Mixtecca.  But if you want some terrific, homemade authentic Jalisco style food at a fantastic price you should get yourself to El Conquistador with the quickness.
3	I would give this place 2.5 stars but I will round up to 3.Very conflicted feelings.I have gone here a few times when they were located on 32nd and Greenway. Every experience was a little different.The good--Sometimes the service was good. Maybe it depends on their mood. When it was good it was usually the wife who was our server. She kind of reminded me of one my aunts. Warm, slightly teasing, calling us "bambinos". - I have always liked the food. I have had the chili relleno and enchiladas entrees. Both were a solid 7 out of 10. The beans are very tasty too.The bad-- When the service was bad it was usually the husband. Not friendly. Slow. Wouldn't refill our waters and soft drinks. Yet seemed attentive and talkative to other tables. Made us feel like total crap.- Slightly overpriced.- Charged for extra chips and salsa.- My husband didn't like the food.- Probably my worst experience was when I called at lunchtime to place a to go order. She said they couldn't take the order because they had a huge table of people. Just flat out refused. Guess what I wanted? Just a bean burrito! It takes 30 seconds to make.I didn't miss them when they moved across town.
4	This may not be exquisite five star dining but it is nothing less than four star Jalisco Mexican dining,this is not average it is very good and the owners Maria and her husband are super nice and charming.On our last visit before several, my husband enjoyed Albondigas Soup, it had two large meatballs a large potato, a large zucchini in a tasty rich chicken broth. (3.95)The Jalisco meals are what many people enjoy coming here for that you can't get at the usual Mexi places. We have been here several times and mostly pick Mexican Meals we can't get elsewhere.He had the Birria plate this time and it was falling apart tender tasty beef with rice and beans served with a plate of cut radishes, onions and cilantro and choice of tortillas. (9.99)I had Carne De Res Con Chile Rojo (beef in red sauce) my beef was tender and also came with rice , beans and choice of tortillas. (9.99)Both meals were great and fresh, the carne de res con chile rojo was more of a building spice dish, and I would rate it at 6 out of 10 on the spice scale but slightly building and interesting.I spoke to Maria Saturday and SHE TOLD ME NEXT WEEK, they ARE moving to new location at 7 and Thunderbird next week and she showed me the picture of the store front and it reads El Conquistador
4	sad to report lose to this area but CLOSED at this location now but expected to be open Wednesday at new location & 7th and Thunderbird
3	Going to have to knock this place down a peg for the bad service.  What most reviewers are saying is true; great food but slow and inconsistent service.Maria is a doll but seems easily distracted. Her husband is surly and an incompetent bartender.  On two separate visits my wife and sister in-law ordered margaritas, in both instances the husband (not friendly enough to clue you in on his name) "forgot" to put the tequila in the drinks. In my four visits he seemed to hate being there.
