5	Goodness gracious. All of these awesome bottle shops (or, shoppes) keep opening in town and all of them have a unique aesthetic, appeal, and selection. Enter: Bulldog Beer & Wine. Dilworth and Charlotte's latest addition to the beer enthusiasts and those seeking a bottle of wine. Made it in this past weekend and I couldn't be more thrilled to see this Boone transplant stake it's claim in Crown Town. Parking is a little sparse -- juxtaposed with that of a dry cleaner and cozied up next to the shell parking lot, it's a tight squeeze when it comes to parking. Don't let it stop you, however. It's a low-lit shop with coolers chock a block filled with bottles of all kinds. Bombers on the counter, chilled wine in and others on the racks next door, bar seating with 6 brews on draught, comfy couches/chairs....and Winston, the bulldog. He's the shop's mascot, so to speak and belongs to owner, Rob. There are plans to make this place super dog-friendly. For those of us hoping to adopt a pooch friend, or those who care for a canine companion, this place will be a haven for bitches (boy dogs, too) and brews...quite literally.This could be the final motivator to finally introduce a dog into our family. Within walking distance to home, close to East Blvd and Freedom Park, I can see many a picnic happening and starting here at Bulldog. We were happy to pick up a 6-pack of Lagunitas "Sucks" and Rob sold us two bottles of Hopslam. Winning. Great finds, as both brews have been great this year. Looking forward to coming back and having a pint (or seven) at the bar and saying hello to Winston again! Here, here, Bulldog!
4	I'm not sure how many more breweries and bottle shops Charlotte or i can handle, especially when they continue to be positive experiences.Despite initially thinking this place was around the Park Rd shopping center, it's not. It's close, but just down the road. It's by the Shell across the street from Ru Sans and Fran's. Had to drop in before dinner just to scope it out and pick up a little something for later.I'd say Good Bottle Co. has a larger assortment overall, but obviously Bulldog has a solid selection that would keep me happy for life. The owner was really friendly and accommodating then even threw in a pint glass with my small purchase. Do i have too many pint glasses at home already? Yes. Did i want another one? Yes. Does it make me want to go back? Yes. i'm easy. This place solves my dilemma when eating at Ru Sans. Since Ru Sans doesn't really offer much (anything?) in the craft brew sector, i see this as the perfect pre and/or post dinner stop.
5	This place is right in my fun zone! Close to The Wine Shop, Total Wine and More and Uptown (also known as Downtown, if you're a native Charlottean...)...Let me just say this: they have puppies!  Okay, I know, the namesake Winston is not a puppy... He's old enough to be a full grown dog, but I'm still calling him puppy... Later in the summer, the patio will be finished and you can bring your own puppies, as well... Sounds like fun to me... The beers I've had from their tap were great... Off the top of my head, I can remember the Allagash and a Porter... I think the Porter was my favorite, it is incredibly smooth... There are also coolers and coolers of beers that line the wall and they will serve you any of those as well...The owner and the bartender (Rob and Ben) are both super cool and they make for good company as you enjoy the numerous options... I've been in two weekends in a row and met some soon to be deemed regulars that were very amiable as well...Right now, parking isn't much of an issue, but I suggest when it gets warmer and this place comes into its own that you get there early... I know I will... :)
3	We stopped in on a Saturday afternoon, and we were the only people in there, which makes it difficult to fly under the radar (my favorite).  The fella is a serious beer nerd, and he was excited to check out Bulldog with the recent explosion of craft beer stores.  Parking was easy, and the inside was dark even though it was sunny outside.  I was disappointed there was no dog inside!  I kept looking, and I'm sure the staff thought I seemed awfully sketchy casing the joint, but I was just looking for a puppy or two.  While the selection was solid, they didn't seem to have much you couldn't get at any other craft beer store in Charlotte, and most of what they had, they only seemed to have one of.  They said they were still working on the deck and hoped to have food trucks on the weekend, so there's promise, but we'll give it awhile before we go back and see if they've settled into a groove.
4	Bulldog is a new bottle shop also serving craft beer on tap with a few cute bulldogs thrown in as well. As other bottle shops in Charlotte, here you have the option to buy beer to take home or you can also enjoy any of the cold ones from the fridge while there. I'm a big sampler so this place is right up my alley. The owner and bartenders are super friendly and the people who were partaking the day I went in, seemed to all know each other and eager to meet the ones they didn't. The atmosphere is very laid back and friendly.They are adding a patio to the back of the store, which will be awesome for when it gets even warmer out. I'm pretty sure you can bring any dogs here considering they don't serve food. The day I went in they had a Bulldog rescue fundraiser event so there were lots of cute, snorting doggies running around. :)If you like beer and live near Dilworth, I would suggest checking out Bulldog. It's within walking distance from Rusan's, Ed's, etc. so it would make for a great pre-game place as well.
5	My friend lives across the street, so after dinner at RuSan, we hopped over so that he could show me his new neighborhood gem. I was greeted by none other than the mascot, Buster the bulldog. He is a cutie, and I am a sucker for any cute dogs. And I am a supporter for local businesses that are dog friendly. So far so good.Better yet they have a nice set up there. A little bar in the back with several beer on tap ($5-7 a pint). They also have single bottle for $3, which is awesome because there are more options in the beer cooler. They also have quite a selection for can beer, which is good for pool consumption. They also sell wine by the bottle and if you are to-go, there is a $4 discount.  At the front part of the store there are seating, for a moment it felt like I was at a coffee shop, except I was drinking beer and patting Buster. My only "complaint" is that they close at 11pm, which for a night owl like myself is way too early. But it's definitely a chill spot for a cold one.  And I will be back.
5	I was super excited when I saw this opening across the street from where I live.  Mmm craft beer!Bulldog is a cozy little place that has a few taps and a good selection of bottles & cans of awesome craft beer.  I wouldn't recommend bringing a giant group - you may fill the entire place up.  I haven't been there yet for when they have live music, but I'm happy that they're now open on Mondays!  I'm also slowly falling for bulldogs every time I go because they are so darn cute.
5	Fun and funky bottle shop and draft house. It a little unassuming storefront, but once you enter the door it appears bigger.  The owner /operator is a great guys nice down to earth guy.  Also, the bull dogs that can be found running around are super awesome and friendly.  You can buy beer to go or drink it there. There are Some Tvs and board games to play.In the back, they have bunch of taps and the offerings change pretty frequently. It's nice place to check out and get a beer.  Also, next year I hear rumors that they maybe offering growlers and fill ups.
5	I love this place. The owners are awesome, the bar tenders are helpful and the bulldogs are super cute. I love bringing my own dog and having a few beers. The price is great and the selection is really impressive. They had pumpkin beer starting in August which sold me completely. I love this place and wouldn't change a thing about it!
3	Great place to pop into right off Park Rd for your specialized beer needs.  The owner and staff are very knowledgable about their products and will help you find what you are looking for as well as maybe help you find something new to try!They also had a small selection of wines in case you are looking for that also.  I bought a few Spanish wines and so far so good on all recommendations. There is a bar area, a front sitting area and a back patio if you would like to stay and hang out for a few.  Very nice decor with local artists work.  This small spot really makes you feel like you are part of something special.Thanks guys!
4	Another great bottle shop in the area but this one has some great taps in addition to the awesome rare beers available.  I can also tell you that the guys running the place are some beer nerds and that's what you're looking for when looking to procure a solid take of new beers to try.  The space is pretty wide open with a bar in the back and a couple different lounge areas available.  Such a cool little spot that I know I will be back when I need to stock up!They don't have food here but they do have a grill out back that you can use to actually grill your own stuff and you can bring food in if you want.
4	Whether its by the owners or any number of the loveable pooches that traipse around the joint, you are greeted as soon as you walk through the door.The next thing you notice is the selection.  It is a beer and wine connoisseur's haven.  Tasty IPA's, delicious stoudts, and dreamy lagers abound.The bar area in the back is ideal for neighborhood regulars to swing by for a cold brew after a day at the office and the lounge area in the front is a nice spot to relax.
4	Great place that is easy to overlook... I've pretty much stopped in for a few bottles of wine and beer here, but this is a great hang out spot to if you want to drink and relax after work.  I think the greatest thing is that every time I have been in here, the owner's dog Buster greets me and helps me choose what I will be drinking that evening.  The owners are super nice and make an effort to get to know you as a customer... also make really great recommendations!The coolers of beer are organized by type and the rack of wine is organized as well (whites are in the refrigerated area).  Have not spent much time in the bar area (towards the back of the place) but it looks like a decent place to share a beer or five with friends or just to relax and wind down after a hectic day.Parking entrance can be a little tight (Dilworth/Park Rd) so just be mindful whipping into the parking lot and avoiding other cars.
4	It's nice to be surprised every once in awhile. Not ghost story type of surprise but the kind of nice surprise that involves a place in a great area, dog friendly where I can snag a drink. Bulldog is less than two miles from my house and will quickly become a favorite stop, I'm sure. Take a bottle of wine home for $4 less (uncorkage fee I guess) than enjoying it in the shop. Parking is limited and they are a bit hard to find right after the Shell on Park Road and near Ru Sans. mmm sushi...well at least across from the shopping center were RuSans is. I digress, sit at the bar or on a few comfy couches. Super friendly bartender and owner, beer on tap or by the bottle wide variety of irreverent and local brews. Prices were reasonable and a very wide selection.
4	Great selection of tap and bottled beers!! Definitely a Dilworth gem. Occasional live music to enjoy. Plenty of room to sit or stand...Also a great patio off the back. If you're looking for a Bud Light this is not the best choice....Looking for local beers or some stellar micro brews, Bulldog is a great choice. Bartender is very helpful in suggesting what beer would suit your pallet the best based on what you typically enjoy. Will definitely return to Bulldog!
4	Limited seating but a good craft beer selection both on draft and in bottles you can drink there or take home. Also has a lot of unique soft drinks to pick from.
4	What a great little place this has become! I've stopped in here a handful of times for a few beers and occasionally a bite to eat (they typically have a food truck on Thursday nights). It's a small place but they have a nice bar and some tables and couches to sit on. I've caught the "house" band, Deadman's Banjo, a couple of times too. Lot's of fun. They've got 2 TVs to watch the games and Rob & Joe really know their stuff regarding beer. A nice place to be a regular.
