4	This is the mutha load of the Peter Piper Pizza Arcade.  We are talking spending $40 on skeetball and "bop the frog"-- easily.To be completely honest, not that I am a PPP connoisseur, this location at Tower Plaza has the best pizza of all the PPP.  They sell beer too.  And it's cheap and just when you crave that card-boardy crust and minimal sauce with really greasy cheese, this place seems to get it just right and I like it and I am not afraid to admit it.thankyouverymuch
2	= = = = = =  THIS REVIEW IS FOR PETER PIPER'S WEEKDAY LUNCH BUFFET!  = = = = = =This is a huge place, very inexpensive, & offers a buffet lunch of three kinds of salad, several pizza choices, & bread sticks.  Both the salads & the pizza were blah, & there was no other pasta, soup, potato salad, cottage cheese, or anything else like that to nibble on.  With rather loud music was playing, I couldn't enjoy reading the paper while I ate, so I bit down a few slices & left.Ci Ci's next door is a better choice.
3	I am a big Peter Piper fan!!! Ive always been and always will be.This location is not my fav but its close to home so Im a regular, no seriously Im a regular at least once a week lol The buffet at lunch sucks they serve the worst pizzas I feel like Im always waiting for them to put out a simple pepperoni pizza but nope just another wack invention come on people this is not CiCis.. Then when they do finally put one out everyone takes all the slices. When I go any other time the pizza is great but they do take a long time 45-60 min wait. The customer service here from the staff including management is horrible, no eye contact no thank you. Please I know its not the best place to work but a smile would be nice!
5	If you want the kids to have some fun, this place works.  The pizza is good and really inexpensive, the beer is plentiful and cheap as well!  The arcade is mostly under .50 cents so what's not to like?It's not a 5 star restaurant, but it's a 5-star cheap place to take the kids where they will love you for it!
3	Okay, so you don't come here for amazing pizza.And if you're over 12, you don't come here for the games and prizes. But when you're feeling pizza, that's not a Hot-and-Ready or one that'll cost you almost $25, you come here. I admit, I have fond memories of coming to Peter Piper as a kid. I loved it! Over the years, I've been here a handful of times and it's always just as I remembered.Loud. Full of screaming kids. Tired parents who brought their kids here to shut them up.Some people say their pizza crust taste like cardboard. But I disagree. My wife, mom and sis came here the other day just because we were in the mood for some cheap food but something we haven't had in awhile. We come here and order our food. It was graduation night or something because I saw a lot of kids dressed in what looked like prom dresses with balloons at their table that said "Congrats"! Probabaly 8th graders. Anyway, those large parties were the reason our two pizzas took almost 40 minutes to be made. We got them. They tasted just as you would expect them to. Definitely not amazing. But not bad either.It tasted like, well, it tasted like...childhood.
4	It was overall a good experience for a birthday party for my 7 year old and his buddies from school. For about $12 a head (adults and kids) we had enough pizza and drinks for everyone, and even wings and a couple of pitchers of beer for the grown-ups. The price even included ice cream, which went well with the cake I brought. Go for the extra token deal (100 for $20). It's hard to have too many tokens in a situation like this.Food quality is about what you'd expect in an arcade that sells pizza. Nothing to complain about, really.This location sometimes gets a few bad mentions for the clientele. We were there mid-afternoon on a Saturday and anyone used to a diverse central-city crowd wouldn't have been put off by any customer in attendance. Service was pleasant and and well-experienced. Our server knew how to stage things sequentially, which was appreciated.About the only downside is parking. You might need to park between the pad which houses the place and the remnants of Tower Plaza instead of directly in front. Not a big deal.
1	This place was gross. The pizza was bland and had no flavor, the salads were the same, but drenched in dressing and soggy. The tables had residue on them, and I didn't want to eat on them. I definitely won't be going back.
4	= = = = = =  WEEKDAY LUNCH BUFFET!  = = = = = =Wow, this Peter Piper has improved a lot since my last visit back in January '09!  Today the atmosphere & seating was comfortable as I started with some REALLY GOOD tossed "Apple Harvest Salad", which included such tasty tidbits as chunks of Bleu Cheese, other goodies, and of course apple slices!  Their Garden Salad with its peas & Sunflower Seeds was also good, as was the Caesar Salad.The pizza recipes were improved chain wide a while back & since my previous visit to this store.  (I guess they saw the light after about half of their 60 +/- locations in the Valley went bust!)Peter Piper here is still the Valley's (& Arizona's) largest Buffet chain, & while the pizza's still not great, it's good.  During my visit today, the serving table was kept stocked with LOTS of different pizzas, including a good number with lots of MEAT.  YAY MEAT!The service was friendly, the WiFi free with no signup, and the price for this feast only $5.49, so it's 4 STARS this time!!     :-))
1	Walked in on Saturday and walked out.
2	I am here as we speak.  I've been coming here for over 12 years now. When I walked in, I was disgusted to see pizza crusts, napkins and wrappers all over the floors and tables. I could not find one clean table, so I got a napkin and dusted one down.  I've never had to wait more than 2 minutes to order unless there is a huge line.  However today, the manager I'm guessing who is all dressed in black did not even greet us or tell us it would be a minute before me and another person waited in line to order.   He was totally avoiding the cash register! He was slowly loading pizza in and out of the oven as if he were spaced out !finally a girl came out from the shadows  Then on top of that,  my kids went to get drinks, and once they sat down and tasted it, they said it tasted funny! So I took a sip, they said they got coke, and it tasted like straight water ! I really don't know what the deal is, but I am hoping that the pizza comes out right ! If not, you will get a more epic review Peter Piper on Thomas !
2	I guess all that matters was that the kids had fun and they did. The place was clean. That's what I liked of this place. I think I got ripped off from the games at least 7 times! Either I didn't get tickets, or it would just steal my tokens. All the tickets I would have been winning would be given to my son so he could cash in and buy things at the counter. So I was pissed that it kept ripping me off. And the counter toys are super expensive! I don't think I would recommend this place to anyone.
2	So I drive by this place a few times a week, and after seeing their cheesy commercials I've decided to give this place a try. I would not recommend their pizza at all. I had the California Pizza which includes your typical pizza veggies, and I have to say...NO FLAVOR at ALL!!! Even with added salt and pepper..no flavor!!! This was the first time coming here after being in AZ for 2 years...and will be my LAST!!!
