4	I did a walk in and was welcomed by a nice ambiance and very professional staff. They immediately took my coat and asked if I'd care for some tea or coffee. I waited ten minutes listening to some nice melodic music, sipping my coffee and reading the latest Cosmo. I must say I fell in love with Johnnie as soon as he started to wash my hair. He gave me a mini scalp massage while consulting on what kind of cur I wanted. He has great recommendations. I was not sure what I wanted but I kind of had an idea, but he knew exactly what I wanted. We casually talked while he cut and styled my hair. He always made sure to ask if it was ok with the length and wanted me to be ok. At the end he gave me exactly what I was envisioning. Go here and ask for Johnnie!!
5	Johnnie knows exactly what to do with my hair, and as always it turns out fabulous! I've had bad experiences with hair cuts, but here I can always trust the staff!
5	A great salon experience in Pittsburgh. Johnnie was fab and trimmed my hair exactly to my liking. Highly recommended!
3	My first time visiting a salon in several years. This place cam with yelp recommendations so I tried it out. Overall its small but nice and relaxing inside they do offer you a beverage. Scheduling was not a huge wait or hassle I believe I was able to schedule in about one week or less time. Price I honestly felt is average for a "high end" salon. Most I have been to charge in the 40-60$ range for a cut. I got a short cut and it was 46, which was nice because I thought it would be higher so I was able to tip him well. Now onto my cut.... It came about pretty nice I am happy with it some things to consider... I have not had a stylist in 3.5 yrs I had been cutting it myself. I was really ready to chop it all of so  I was super filled with gratitude. I think I did not give my stylist full free reign to choose a short style for me, so I think he found a decent medium space between not over short for me. I do wish things like texture ends around my face and bangs he had used more point cutting on. More scissors vs razor or texturing shears which he used quite a lot. Those are just the small details that change a cut from I like to it I love. None the less I like it and I am pretty happy. My guess is that they  maybe don't do a ton of short cuts here, seemed to be some trophy wife clientele and young college girls with longer hair. I cannot review color I did not get any color here.
5	I've been going hear for a few years. Larry is always able to squeeze me in on such a late notice. This place is always so clean and everyone is so friendly. Never had a bad cut!
