4	Now this is what I'm talking about. After investigating the neighborhood a bit, I found my supermarket. It is located a bit down the road, but it is well worth the trek. It is a nice, new, clean, well lit and planned lot and store, adjacent to other cool shops. My initial reaction when I walked in the automatic sliding doors is that this is just like the Ralph's Fresh Fare market I frequented in Southern California. I found the aisles to be intuitive and user-friendly stocked, with good prices and fresh produce. The only thing that kept it from being a five-starrer would be that my phone number did not activate my Fry's club discount yet (it has been 4 days since I activated) and the checkout registers did not seem to be fully staffed, so there was a bit of a wait. Overall, a great place to pick up groceries.
4	This is my local grocery store and has been for quite some time.  I enjoy this store as it is always clean and the staff are very friendly.  The store layout is easy to follow.  The self-checkout lines are never too bad so I am able to get in and out with ease.  The staff at the deli and pharmacy are also great.  As far as a grocery chain goes, I like this location.
4	This is my neighborhood grocery store. It's at the two locations I shop at most. It's always clean and well stocked and I never have to wait in line for very long.
4	I just moved here from Oregon so I was happy to find that Fry's carries my familiar Kroger brand. I've spent a lot of time doing price comparisons and I'm happy to find that Fry's is still a better choice than Wal-Mart.The staff is helpful and friendly too.
3	Came in to grab some alcohol. Wasnt sure of the reason for having the person I was with being ID'd. Then since I was in the self checkout. I totally forgot to get my booze security fixed. So made for a long drive back to teh store and then the alarm went off. Doh!!!!
2	I've received enough bad service at this store to warrant giving it a 2 star rating.  The self-checkouts I have found to be unattended on numerous occasions.  Which I wouldn't care about, but when a screen comes up telling you to wait for an attendant, not-withstanding the fact that you didn't ask for nor needed one and there is not attendant around, a bit irritating.  I have also seen the 3 15 item or less aisles all opened with hardly anyone in those lines while they have 1 full service aisle open and people with full shopping carts backed up 5 and  more deep.  A whole of sense that makes.And then there are the occasions when someone has forgotten their wallet/purse.  I would never expect an entire line behind me to wait for me to go to my car to get my wallet - but it has happened numerous times at that particular store where the person says they are going to get their wallet and the cashier has no problem putting everyone else on hold for 5 to 10 minutes.  The worst part, at least for me, is these people take their SWEET old time going out and coming back in.  This happened to me yet again today at this particular store.  I asked the cashier if she was going to go ahead and take care of the rest of us since that person has, for all intents and purposes, left.  No, she curtly replied.  I asked for a manager.  He came over and gave me the same attitude: "Well WHAT are we supposed to do?" as if my request to start taking care of other, paying customers was somehow unreasonable and beyond belief.  Ummm, you are supposed to start checking out the next person in line, was my reply back to him.  He shrugged his shoulders, went to the register, closed out the sale and then proceeded to check me out.  I was not trying to be rude and really not being rude at all.  As I walked away, I "felt" eyes on me.  It's a reaction thing, you turn around and look without thinking.  There she was, glaring at me with a look on her face.  She immediately turned around and went back to the customers, but that? Enough.  I called the general manager who immediately apologized and told me he would deal with it.  But, I wanted to hear Fry's policy, if there is such, on such an issue.  I called corporate.  No official policy, but the lady on the phone informed me that that cashier should have closed out that person's sale and moved onto the next person.  The front-end manager certainly shouldn't have acted in the way he did and she basically stated she would not have wanted to wait, either, especially considering it was the only full service aisle open (one Christmas Eve Day, no less).  The term customer service has deteriorated in the last decade or so to the levels we now see them at, especially at large chain stores.
2	If you're looking for quality, organic foods, DON'T GO HERE! They don't even carry the regular Organic line made by Fry's/Kroger. I moved to this area and feed my family only organic fruits, veggies and products. The selection of organic fruits/veggies consists of three items - it's quite sad. Not to mention the fact that the store was a complete disaster, like a tornado had ripped through there and tossed things off the shelves onto the floors... Needless to say, I will not be shopping here again and I think it's disgusting the just because people don't live in an affluent part of town means they can't get access to organic products.I drove to the Safeway about 6 miles south and was very pleased to find everything I needed.
3	Sadly this is the only good Fry's near my house which I occasionally frequent if I don't make the trek to Mesa or Chandler for grocery shopping. I don't know, something about going into a store that regularly has two security officers makes me feel like I am heading into a prison or something. I always feel like there are eyes on me or something, creepy. The store itself is pretty nice, small selection on the organic though, and the evenings are pretty slow. It is located in a strip mall to get all your shopping done all in one spot: Gamestop, Target, restaurants, Great Clips, ACE, Anna's, Ross, etc.
3	The only decent grocery store in south central phoenix. Love the layout and how clean it always is. Only down side is waiting in line. I do self check out mostly. But still wait for those too.
2	The employees here aren't the friendliest, especially at the customer service desk.  Eugencio? was a total dbag and even rolled his eyes at me when I told him that items weren't being rung up what they were being advertised for.
3	Very friendly staff and the store is usually very clean. I have seen quite an improvement in this store over the past 4 years. However, the selection of organic fruits/ vegetables is pretty small and very expensive. I don't like the fact that I go to a huge grocery store yet cannot get what I need in that one stop. I hope this store will expand their selection of organic options soon.
