4	Dropped by for a cup of coffee to go with my baked goods from Enricos across the street. I got a small cup (12 oz) of the Allegheny House Blend, a light roast that went wonderfully with my scone and biscotti.They also have a huge selection of coffee beans and loose leaf teas that I will definitely come back to try.
4	A cool coffee shop in the Strip that also sells TONS of different coffee beans in the back. The coffee drinks are good and well-priced, and apparently their hot chocolate is good too. There are grinders in the back for grinding up your coffee selection if you're buying bags to go.
5	I hate small coffee companies because they never seem to be as good at Starbucks... but THIS one... oh dear... this is the best home brew I've ever had... I recommend the "Burgh Blend".
4	They sell liquids but there's no actual public bathroom. Be warned if you're on the strip, looking for a place to get a coffee, and take care of other needs. Staff is friendly and they have a reasonable variety of coffees on brew. They brew up Blue Mountain which  is the world's most expensive coffee not passed through the ass of a civet cat. About $3 for a small. It's fun once in a while to sample Blue Mountain but I've never really found the taste equal's the price. It's expensive because it's rare and sought after by the Japanese. The lesser priced Jamaica High Mountain I've found better. I'm not sure if High Mountain is sold here.Did witness an amusing incident. A woman bitched out the staff for not doing her latte correctly. "That's the way we do it in Seattle," she noted. As if that was an argument winner. She spun around on her heals and walked out. The laid back (but take no gruff) Pittsburgh staffers feigned a most wonderful "oh no! We don't do it like in Seattle! We're failures" pose. Classic. Made up for the lack of bathrooms and my 3 star is going up to a 4 star. Real simple, Seattle peeps. Don't be jagoffs.
5	Visited this place twice. On the first visit, they had a roasting machine on in the middle of the store, browning some beans and exuding an unbelievable aroma throughout the place. I had an Americano (Americana?), as black as they come. It was very, very good. A little bit bitter on the first sip, a little bit sweet on the tongue after it goes down. I sat at a table, inhaling, drinking, and taking in the smell, the sound (imagine that!), and the  taste of good coffee. Aahhh...If you want to browse, there are endless rows of coffee and a smaller section of teas. Sure, we bought some and brought it home. As someone already pointed this out, there is no public restroom at the place. Which is true of most places on The Strip, by the way. That is, of course, a minus. So I'm not going to give these guys the sixth star ;)
5	Best coffee shop in pittsburgh. Any specialty drink by these guys blows anything from Starbucks out of the water.
4	There is no public restroom in a place where they sell a beverage that makes you have to pee very quickly.  Sorry, Allegheny Coffee.  You could have been five stars.I stopped in here for a two hour study session, and I got a pumpkin spice coffee.  The actual coffee was delicious.  Ten steps above Starbucks, and who doesn't love to support a local company?  The staff is so friendly, and people were in and out of here all day.  They had a bunch of cool whipped cream flavors as well.  Fun!  Make sure to check out the selection of coffee beans and teas as well!There was a credit card minimum of $5 or $10.
3	This is the former Fortunes Coffee. I was told one of their employees took it over. Its a better branding/name. None of the coffees are particularly outstanding but they are definitely better than PrestoGeorge and etcetra. The prices are reasonable compared to what you will find at 21st Street Coffee. They tend to over- roast the beans. The roaster needs to learn some restraint. I say that encouragingly, not hatefully.
5	Bought the Sumatran beans and they were wonderful. They have many selection of teas, coffee, chocolate, snacks etc. and I would def be back to try other types of coffee blends.
4	It smells amazing in here! There are so many flavors, and I really appreciate the availability of the decaf versions. I love the taste of coffee, but I don't need all the caffeine.Also I agree with some other reviewers who noted that there were no bathrooms--this is a significant downside.
4	99 bottles of...coffee beans on the wall.  They have just about every kind of flavored coffee you could possibly want and just about every kind of roast from every kind of region that you could possibly want, too.  I really enjoy coming here if only for the smells.  I've been here on the weekends, but I was most recently in on a weekday around lunchtime.  That, my friends, is the time to go.  The guys in the coffee-picking area were super-helpful, didn't rush me, and were friendly/chatty.  I got a chocolate raspberry coffee as an early Mother's Day present and my mom loved it.  It was between that an their coconut rum flavor, but honestly, it's my goal to work my way through every flavor they have.I wish I could comment on the cafe, but I didn't have time left on the meter and other times they've been too busy to warrant waiting in line.  I definitely want to try their lattes.  Their flavors of the day always look intriguing (lavender chai? I'll try anything once!)
4	The espresso was good and the shop is cool, unfortunately the barista was bland.
4	Great coffee place, roasted fresh on the premises is and had interesting menu options (French lavender vanilla latte?  Get it, you won't regret it)They also have a huge selection of fresh roasted coffee by the pound and wide tea selection.  If you are looking for a gift for the coffee or tea lover in your life, they have a lot of cute ideas.  My favorite were the animal shaped tea infusers and unique coffee/tea cups.  Giving it 4 stars instead of 5 because there really isn't a place to sit, only 2 small bar top tables.  This is a grab and go coffee shop.  But the coffee is worth it!
5	Swing by this place while perusing the Strip one afternoon. Really adorable. I was just in too stop for a quick latte to go. Very impressed with the variety of selections for coffee and non-coffee drinks. TONS of different syrups.  I'm not usually a syrup user but will most likely try something next time I visit. Particularly the "steamer" which is steamed milk with your choice of syrup. Nice twist on your hot chocolate typical choice. Customer service was excellent and felt personable even on an extremely busy Saturday. I only had a moment to peek around, but the place is comfy, cozy and full of other coffee stop treasures. I'll be back.
5	In the past year I have started to enjoy coffee more and more. I actually used to hate it and told myself I would never drink it, and now I have at least 2 cups a day! I never realized the diverse amount of coffees and tastes, and that there actually is coffee that tastes yucky. With that being said, I love trying new coffee places that aren't a big chain to see what they offer! This place is great! I love coconut flavor in my coffee and for some reason, most coffee places don't have that. But they do!!! They also, at least for a short time, had coconut flavored whipped creme which I wish I could eat all day... They have a ton of different flavors to add into your coffee, so combinations are endless. They are always up for making what you ask! Everything I've had from here has been delicious and I look forward to it every weekend!They also have a huge selection of fresh coffee beans in the back half of the store. Makes it smell so yummy in there! I have not bought any coffee beans from them but it is something I wish to do in the future when I have a cool fancy coffee maker.
5	Great chocolate shop with some cool stuff.  If you want hot chocolate you have to go very early in the day before they run out.  The various types of milk balls and cordials are worth a visit in and of themselves.  Cool tasting chocolates and neat tasting packages are quite interesting and fun to mix and match.  It's expensive, however, so be prepared to pay out the nose for the fancy stuff.  But if you're a chocolate aficionado, it's highly worthwhile to stop by.
4	I've been in here a bunch of times since they changed their name, but this last visit is the first time I realized they weren't called Fortune's anymore. Whoops! Must be concentrating to hard on the amazing smell. If you like flavored coffee, syrups for your coffee, delicious hot beverages and even tea, this is the spot for you! There are literally barrels and barrels of different flavored coffees, so really there's something for everyone. Speaking of that... I'm more of a tea than coffee, and there are tons of different loose leaf teas to choose from as well.You say you also need accessories? They have that too! From simple coffee makers, to Chemix, filters and everything in between. I love going here for gifts, but of course I love it more for myself and my tea fix:)The employees have always been very friendly, even in the xmas craziness, I had a very nice guy help me pick out gifts for some coffee lovers. I appreciate great service and it just adds to the character of this place!
4	For someone that appreciates a good coffee, I can't believe it's taken me this long to finally venture into Allegheny Coffee & Tea Exchange.My parents, who are from Buffalo, had been here a number of times and wanted to grab a cup of coffee during a recent visit to The Strip District. We each enjoyed a cup of their seasonal winter brew, which was delicious and had hints of cinnamon and other festive flavors with ever sip.The location is quite large and in addition to having a coffee bar, they offer a huge selection of coffees (flavored and not flavored), teas, and accessories likes coffee presses, tea strainers, syrups, etc. My parents picked up a pound of coffee to take back home with them as a housewarming gift they will be attending over New Years.
