5	Not knowing my way around Mill Avenue in Tempe, I was nearly stymied trying to find these theaters. The street numbering system made no sense! But a quick question to a loitering local solved my problem. I was pointed in the right direction... and then quickly hit up for a buck for booze. Regardless, I stumbled into this strange venue, noticing people exiting with musical instruments. I surmised the underground movie action I was looking for lay upstairs since that's where folks seemed to be gathering. Turns out, the concession line doubled as the box office line so I asked for one adult and some peanut M & M's.I enjoyed my time at the movie! This was a showing of the original 70's version of The Inglorious Bastards and the crowd was chock full of geeks and fanboys eagerly awaiting the upcoming 2009 Quentin Tarantino purposefully misspelled version. I was brought here by reading a blurb in the Phoenix New Times, but came to find out that this was just one of the many underground movies put on by Midnite Movie Mamacita (www.midnitemoviemamacita.com).The theater we were in held only about 100 chairs, but was perfect for such a small group (about 40 in attendance). The movie was quite dated and groanworthy at times, but the venue was small enough that audience members periodically offered commentary in the spirit of Mystery Science Theater 3000. At the end of the movie, a Quentin Tarantino trivia contest (with prizes!) was held with the audience. I walked out of there with a free movie poster!I'll be back to check out this venue, if not for another Midnite Movie Mamacita movie, then for another event hosted by the Mill Avenue District Community Arts Project (M.A.D.C.A.P.).
5	The Mill Avenue District Community Arts Project (MADCAP) has taken over a once empty building and created an arts and music venue that is affordable and in one of the best locations in the Valley!  Local favorites, Captain Squeegee, The Dorsets, Dry River Yacht Club, and more have been performing there and have raved about the venue!  Recently, the Midnite Movie Mamacita was brought in to program films like The Room, Rocky Horror Picture Show, International Sci-Fi & Horror Film Festival, and so much more!  This is a great addition to Downtown Tempe and perfect for the Mill Avenue area to expand on it's urban and eclectic roots in the music and arts industry!
5	A funny thing happened to me as I was leaving MADCAP Theaters.  I popped in for the first time and saw a terrible movie called The Room.  I was probably among the few in the theater who hadn't seen the movie before.  I laughed until my cheeks hurt and I thought my eyeballs were going to have ruptured blood cells, for sure.I was walking down the stairs and I caught a view of Mill Ave. overlooking an amazing view of Tempe.  I saw cars way off in the distance and lonely streetlights lighting patches of the city below.  And that's when it happened... I felt overwhelmed with joy.This theater is going to be a second home to me.  They highlight crap-tastic movies that I love to watch.  Movies so bad, you want to cringe with embarrassment.  Not everything they play is something I'm interested in; I don't particularly give a damn about 80's comedies about fraternities.  Not my cup of tea.  However, their taste in cheesy horror films couldn't be worse, and that's a good thing in this case.  They showed "The Children" and that's gotta be among the worst things ever printed onto celluloid.I'm hitting this place up on Thanksgiving after I get my grub on and eat a shit-load of turkey and stuff.  I'm planning in advance:  12 hour long film festival.  Yeah.  That's right.  They're not going to be announcing the titles of ANY movies... just showing them back-to-back.  I may sneak in a flask of whiskey if I'm gonna be there for 12 hours.This place obviously isn't for all tastes, but if you're a fan of MST3K, you'll dig a theater like this.I just wish they served beer!
5	Bottom line: any theatre that brings Rocky Horror back to Mill Ave gets 5 stars just for that. (See, I'm not hard to please.)And they showed Showgirls here the other night. I MISSED IT (!) but again, any theatre that shows Showgirls on Mill Ave gets 5 stars. They also do live music performances and about a million other cool things here, but for me, it's all about Rocky Horror. I think (i.e. hope) that MADCAP signals a change back to the "old" Mill Ave. The things that are going on here are the best reuse of this old building. Thank you to all the people who made this happen.
5	In my earlier review I was like, "Only if they served beer...." sometimes they do, now!  Only during certain screenings, like with Rad and the Texas Chainsaw Massacre, but it's awesome.This is really, honestly, the coolest theater in Phoenix.  Maybe one day this place will need a roommate and I can stay in one of the theaters.
4	I was recently in town from New Jersey to check out their 5 th annual Horror & Sci-Fi five day film-a-thon.....the theater is aestheticaly appealing...simply one of rthe collest theaters outside of my area that I've been to thus far...they offered PBR beer (which is horrable), and a very friendly staff of lunatics..after alll, it was near Halloween and it was ahorror/sci-fi film fest!!! My noy real draw back was the rip off parking lot next door, that scammed me for 32.00 to park...I parked 2xs there the same day....long story short, I goofed and never took my receipt......it literarly cost me......back to the theaters..they have two theaters, located o nthe second level..a variety of snacks are offered such as chips, candy, the atypical movie junk food varities........They really needed to lower the air conditoning levels in there, beign from the more tempered north, the 106 degree day outside appeared to follow me insaide the theaters last weekend....it was very difficult to cool down in there, and trust me, I am in agood shape, slender, etc.... They were aparently on a recession induced tight budget...that week...If you are an ASU student or local, this theater isa must see some fun b grade films, long forgotten about, or otherwise new b bombs.....And check out that trippy acidinduced Alice In Wonderland fountain, adjacent to the theaters property...that version of Alice was more horrifying thant he damn horror films I saw inside the madcap theaters!!!
3	I was pretty bummed when Harkins pulled out of Centerpoint, but when I started hearing rumours of another group picking this theater back up, I was pretty jazzed.My first experience at MADCAP Theaters was the 2009 AZ Browncoats event, and I've been back for their showing of A Clockwork Orange, and their Tokyo Shock-fest twofer a week later.After having seen a few films here, there are things I do and don't like about this revival of a Tempe landmark.  First, I love that they're hosting film festivals, showing schlock-fest movies like The Room, and providing groups in the valley a venue to show movies on a big screen.  The community desperately needed this, and I'm happy they're providing that service.Unfortunately, I'm not wild about the parking situation.  They don't validate the garage that's attached to their building, have so-so agreements with other local lots. It doesn't bother me so much as I live within walking distance, but it's hard to convince friends to drive out and join me when they have to pay for parking.My other, much more outspoken gripe is with the picture quality on their screens.  It seems that Harkins took their projectors with them, because most of the films I've watched there were bland and washed-out due to their being shown using projectors that are vastly underpowered for the big screens they're being used on.  It's my dearest hope that this is temporary until MADCAP can get their hands on theater-quality projection equipment, but until then it really takes away from the moviegoing experience.
4	I have only been to MADCAP once, to see "Until the Light Takes Us" - a documentary about KVLT Norwegian Black Metal. I am very excited to have a theater playing REAL independent films and cult classics nearby. I frequently visited Chandler Cinemas to see films put on by Midnight Movie Mamacita - Cannibal Holocaust, El Topo, The Holy Mountain, Re-animator, Black Christmas.. etc. I was very disappointed to see that theater go. When I found out that she'd been relocated to continue the tradition at MADCAP, I rejoiced. I look forward to seeing many movies here in the future.
5	The story of how MADCAP came to be is an amazing one. It starts during the peak of the real estate bubble, just moments before it was about to burst. Tempe, late in the game, decides they want to become Dubai. It is deemed that the epicenter of this neo-yuppie mecca is to be called the "Centerpoint" Condo Towers. Condos in the Centerpoint will feature valet, concierge, and endless views of the smog soaked, slump block peasant dwellings below them. FAA regulations are relaxed and ground is broken on the two tallest buildings ever erected in Tempe.Fast forward three years... The bubble burst and the dude financing the project checks himself out early. The half finished Centerpoint is now an enormous, vacant, glass and i-beam sculpture dedicated to the profound economic blunder that was to be the cornerstone of Tempe's gentrification. But, there's some good to be told from all this! The owner of the now empty 7th St. Harkins Theatre (which was supposed to be a health club for Centerpoint) decides to be an awesome person and donate the space to the city for the arts. MADCAP is born. Going into MADCAP Theatres is a bizzare yet familiar and comfy experience. Imagine you're going to hang out at your stoner friends house to watch weird movies. Now imagine that friend, for some magical reason, was able to live in a GIANT FUCKING THEATRE with 11 SCREENS! Imagine how much fun that would be. That's what it's like to go to MADCAP. MADCAP hosts some of the most hillarious and entertaining film events possible. I've seen the 80s classic RAD there with a special guest doing BMX stunts. I've watched the cult classic The Room four times at MADCAP. During Thanksgiving, when I wanted to flake on awkward fam time, MADCAP understood. They had an all night Thanksgiving Movie Marathon for me to go to instead.I'm not sure MADCAP will live forever. Eventually the economy will recover and Tempe will want it's prime real estate back. But, until then let's enjoy it as much as we can.
4	For someone who grew up going to Centerpointe (the name of this theater when it was owned by Harkins, before it closed), coming to MADCAP for the first time is a little weird. It's such a shell of its former self. The escalators are blocked off, so you must stair it up to the second level. The concession and theaters on the first floor are not used, it appears. Perhaps for bigger fest events they're put to use?We came to see Black Dynamite, but it took us several minutes to find the theater where it was playing. There was a random movie in one, a poetry slam in another, and no one - from the concession workers to the ticket worker - could tell us where it was. We eventually found it on our fourth try.A friend got some popcorn and I was floored when he said they didn't have butter for it. Wha? It's just ... dry popcorn? That's been prob sitting there for a few hours? What's the point? I know, it's better for you without the "butter flavoring," but an artery-clogging, movie-going staple!So, all this sounds like I don't care for MADCAP, but that's not true. I love what they're doing, and I'll take a bare bones, butter-free operation to get my fill of cult classics, random indie greats, John Hughes fests, horror fests, b-flicks and more any day. And thank god someone is using that space - there's so much abandoned space and so many empty dirt lots in PHX it's just fucking embarrassing. So kudos, all around to MADCAP - what it stands for, what it offers, and even its skimpy concession.
3	I really want to like MADCAP. I love the idea of playing old b-movies and some forgotten favorites. The boyfriend and I went to MADCAP last weekend to see their Chuck Jones presentation. Unfortunately, we were pretty disappointed, not that it was completely MADCAP's fault but still.My biggest problem with MADCAP is the price of admission. $10! That's more than a new movie. Why should I pay $10 to see a movie that I could get on DVD for half the price? I know the money is going to a bigger cause - having a cool theatre in town - but I just wish it was cheaper. If it was $5 I think I would go a lot more. For $10 it has to be something I really want to see and after not being so impressed by the Chuck Jones things I'm a little wary.  There wasn't even a screen in the theatre - just a white wall.If they showed new independent movies for $10 and old movies for $5 I think they would really have something cool going on. I hope they can figure it out because I'd really like to see the place become what it could be.
3	Ah, MADCAP. You took over a theater I enjoyed attending when I lived on that side of town. Back then, I was much younger and could assimilate into the Mill Avenue crowd. These days, and all I see are punks and hooligans up to no good. When did I become so old?It was a little sad walking in for their Grindhouse Redux showing of *The Evil Dead* and *The Hills Have Eyes II* this past Saturday. The ticket costs $8 for both or $8 for either one. So, if you get there on time, you can watch two movies for the low, low price of $8. Add in a large popcorn and bottle of soda for $5, and you have a nice little date with yourself.The actual theater could use a bit of work: Shampoo the seats, power wash the floors, Febreze the walls. It smells like old shoes in there. Which actually would work to your advantage if you'd trying to break up with someone and you want them to initiate it so you're off the hook and look like the better person. Really, I have to think these things up!I almost needed a guide to get me to the right theater because none of them seem to be properly marked.Although the theater wasn't filled  to even 50% capacity, they were a spirited crowd and they helped to inflate my rating (otherwise, it would have been a solid 1.27 stars).Apparently, their Facebook account is more accurate than the offical website. But since I don't Facebook, this doesn't do me any good. But, overall, I had a good time and probably wouldn't have experienced this location if not for the event I was attending Saturday. Because it actually started at 8, I was out of the theater 2 hours earlier than I anticipated. Early enough to be thoroughly revolted by the shenanigans of the ASU crowd and their deplorable behavior. This is Grampy Bacon signing off.
5	so excited there is a place like MadCap!a fantastic place to see something unique and awesome or put up your own show, if you have the inclination.as someone who has done a bit of both, i LOVE the MadCap!
3	I like MADCAP. This is the type of theater I can see myself in often. I love the vintage, love the vibe, love how I feel when I'm here. I want to go more often. I may actually enjoy going to the movies again, something I really haven't done more than a couple times in probably a decade. What makes me sad is that I almost never hear about what is going on there. I wish they had some sort of mailing list that informed me of events because I occasionally wake up in the morning wondering why I haven't been in ages and then it's like.. yeah... because we never talk. Like the friendship you want to keep going and you have a hard time communicating for some reason. Ugh. If they have a mailing list I haven't found it. I really want to give MADCAP four stars... come on.. find a good way to promote your events and awesomeness. Make me spend my $$.
5	If you've been to Harkins you've been to them all. If you've been to AMC, you've seen every AMC in the U.S. No offense to either of those establishments, they both provide film to the masses, however Madcap Theaters is something different, something unique. Let's say you've been wanting to watch that film from your childhood, the one that scared you, the one that made you dance, the one that made you laugh, or the one with that awesome scene that you watched over and over until you wore your VHS out. More likely than not, Madcap will probably be showing one of those on a Friday night.  Let's say you've been wanting to watch that film that your favorite website has been talking about, or the film that has been creating buzz all over the internet, more than likely Madcap will be the first in Arizona to get it (cough, Survival of the Dead, Frozen, Precious).Let's say that you always wanted to go and witness first hand what it's like to go to a Science Fiction and Horror film festival, guess what? Madcap has one. What I'm getting too is that Madcap is not your everday cinema. It's unique, cutting edge style has something for almost everyone, the film, music, spoken word, theater, even parkour buff can find people that love what they love. It's rare in a big city to find a place like this, and that's what makes Madcap such a special place. Kudos Madcap staff for pursuing something greater than the norm. Ch..Ch..Ch..Check It Out.
4	My first introduction to Madcap Theaters was a double feature of "Showgirls" and "Priscilla, Queen of the Desert". I wasn't aware the Harkins Theater had closed with this opening in its place. I live in Central Phoenix, plenty of Harkins closer, and all. Now that I know, it's likely I'll be there a lot. I loved it. This theater shows the crap from my growing up years. How can I resist that? They do other stuff, too, which I plan to check out. I can't speak to the snacks because we'd just come from a huge dinner across the street (Mill Ave.) Next time I'll try the concessions. The escalator is out of commission, which I've seen mentioned here. But the elevators work so it's accessible. My one suggestion is to develop an email list to promote events. I'd hate for something like this to fail because no one knows about it.
5	I'm not shilling, but here are our mailing lists (since this has come up repeatedly):Mill Avenue District/MADCAP - http://tinyurl.com/265w8wvMidnite Movie Mamacita (Movies at MADCAP) - http://tinyurl.com/2eo9pfr
4	this place is so sooo cool! saw a comedy show here that was featuring local comedians, and boy were they sidesplittingly funny! better than half the crap stand up i see on comedy central sometimes.We smuggled some PBRs into the teatro and opened them with a "craack" and the comedian says "sounds like someone is having a good time!" i felt like a little kid who is too loud with his obviously store bought candy in the movie theatre and desperatly afraid the ushers will revoke his ticket. they didnt.its surprising that its in Tempe, and on Mill ave at that! our little city is growing some culture slowly but surely.my only hope is that they are around for a long time and that it wont just revert to an abandoned harkins like it was previously.so come on yelpers get out there and patronize the MADCAP! We need need need to keep local theatre alive, if ya dont use it ya lose it!
5	I am so glad that I finally stumbled across this place.  I have been desperately seeking an independent theater in the valley and it's been very difficult (land of the box store?).  They play amazing movies and like to bring in the directors, actors, etc.  Worth going every single night.
4	This is a true film buff's movie theater. I love the vibe, the people and the goofy screenings/events. This is seriously my favorite independent movie theater ever. They have something for everyone and have very reasonable prices. Plus, they work really hard to bring out the actors, directors, etc. from movies. It makes for a fantastic movie going experience and it's always great to get together with the die-hards who love the cult classic films like I do.Granted, it is a little rundown and could use a little work, but I think that kind of adds to the atmosphere and vintage appeal.
5	I love this place.  I work with most of these people for the Horror & Sci-Fi Film Festival (which is happening tonight!) and Madcap Theaters couldn't be a more perfect venue for such a killer event.I love going into the theater knowing that I feel at home.  I actually saw one of the last movies there before they shut down the Centerpoint Harkins.   The people are great, the movies are awesome.  Seriously, when can you see "Dont Tell Mom The Babysitter's Dead" on the big screen anymore? Every month they show the worst best movie you've seen.. "The Room."  If you haven't checked it out, i highly recommend it.  Btu you must see it with a big crowd.. dont go download it and watch it at home.  A must see for all.  Madcap holds a monthly screening of this as well as Rocky Horror Picture SHow (seen it once and that was enough).Parking isn't so great here because you have to pay to park in the garage, but I've learn to live with it.  If you're hungry, you can walk over to PF Changs or Chilis across the way or that new sushi place that took over Uno's Pizzeria.  This place just has the coolest vintage feel going through out the entire place.  It kinda reminds me of (im showing my age here) the old United Artists Theaters that used to be outside of Metrocenter near the library.  If anyone remembers all the posters they had everywhere. Just a cool feeling.Andrea Beasley-Brown (aka Midnite Movie Mamacita) runs her shows there's and it's never a dull moment.  So check it out people! You wont be sorry.
4	Since I've been out in Arizona, I've been somewhat disappointed in the lack of any really cool/unique/art like movie theaters, for my taste at least...except for MADCAP, that is.  The theater is located in a really nice, somewhat quiet area on the unique Mill Ave.  MADCAP brings in some really awesome older cult movies to watch at the theater, what's better than seeing one of your favorite older movies on the big screen??      I check constantly online to see what they're playing, my favorite that I've seen there was A Nightmare On Elm Street 2 and 3 double feature that even included the original trailers that showed with them in the 80's, very fun.  And this weekend I'm definitely not gonna miss their screening of Evil Dead II.  If you're into indie movies or cult classics, definitely come to Madcap
5	Oh I love this place. When a generic Harkins theater closed on Mill, the space could have been converted into more chain restaurants and/or overpriced urbany lofts. Instead we got an independent multi-plex! Not one that shows new indy movies, but one that hosts weekly or monthly screenings of audience participation classics like Rocky Horror, The Room, and Carrie! Plus they have special events with some of the stars - I met Mink Stole and the stars of "The Room" within a single eight-week period.This place makes me happy. :)
3	Madcap is ok. Yes, it is cool to have a theatre where you can see old cult classics and new b-movies, and I'm really glad it's available, but the place is just ok.   I have only been in one of the theatres so far, and it is clean and all but the chairs were beat up. The cushions sank pretty far down and the chairs squeeked and groaned everytime someone moved around. And in my experience so far the staff has seemed less than excited that I was there. I have had no problem with movie quality or sound which is most important to me.   Look, I will come back to Madcap, and I encourage everyone to check listings and see what movies are coming up there, I hope it does well, but it just isn't a nice place.
5	Home of:  Rocky Horror Picture Show, The Room, Birdemic....Horror/Sci Fi festivals, cult movies, and anything independent and anything worth seeing.  Run by people who really care, and pretty much a non profit organization from what I understand.  It exists for the artistic community and theaters are available to rent for events, movie screenings, concerts, parties, etc.There are always fun people to hang out with, and I enjoy sitting and chatting with friends in the lobby before or after the cult movie showings.  Many turn into mini events, sometimes with vendors and pre shows. Screw Harkins, and screw AMC...this place is where its at.  Sure the place might be old, but its not filthy, and its all about the atmosphere of the people.
4	First time visiting this venue on Saturday. My wife  and I joined a friend to see the Rocky Horror Picture Show.Great theatre to see cult classics and b-movies. In the age of technologically advanced theaters this is a welcome change of pace.Slightly annoying that it was on the 2nd floor, but I need to get in shape anyway.
4	Private theater w six screens right in the midst of ASU college town. Cool venue. This is where you can come to get your Rocky Horror fix.  Also rent out theater for musical and theatre perfomances.
3	I really want to rate the place higher. I like what it's all about. Instead of pulling the building down and rebuilding something in that space, it has been converted to a community space.   I went to see one of their cult classics, and the staff was ok. It was completely amateur hour - I guess that's ok for the type of movie, etc. The problem was this was a sold out movie, and the staff brought in folding chairs to sit on to watch - that would have been ok before the movie started, but ithey did it one at a time making noise for the first 30 minutes of the movie - clanging, whispering, etc. Then they kept getting up and down.  They seating was pretty bad. Low seats that reclined - normally that's ok, but there's usually some spring to it. These had no support at all. Halfway through my back was hurting and would have to readjust - but there was no comfortable way to sit in the chairs.
4	It's been a while since my first review and things have improved. The projection is better, they have validation agreements with the garage, and they're bringing in more really nifty shows in partnership with Cult Classics and a few other businesses and organizations in the valley. My new complaint is that they moved ticket sales from the booth by the door to the concession counter, which means there's often multiple lines of people buying/picking up tickets or snacks or whatever, but only one or two unfortunate souls juggling between them which delays the process. I'd be happier if ticket sales/will call happened downstairs to keep things moving at a pace faster than a snail's.
