4	I recently brought pants to May's for hemming.  I had passed her business numerous times traveling down Neil.  It is easy to find with convenient parking.  The shop itself is clean and bright.  The dressing room is clean and nice (and private).  May herself was delightful and helpful.  The pants were hemmed beautifully in two days.  I thought the price was fair and the work nicely done.  I will be going back to her again.
5	May is a skillful tailor with a passion for what she does. Her work is consistently of excellent quality, and her prices range from completely-fair to extraordinarily-low, depending on the work that needs to be done.I have had her alter a few suits, including adding surgeon's cuffs to one, and narrowing the shoulders of another - neither of these are particularly easy alterations, but she managed to do them in a timely fashion and for a very reasonable rate. On another suit, there was a pesky roll on the back that was not your typical quickly-fixed collar roll. The required work was unorthodox, and although it took a few visits to get right, it came out great in the end.I have also had her alter a number of shirts and pants - primarily slimming, hemming, and tapering. I am very happy with her work on each. If she thinks I am asking her to take something in too far, or to cut it too short, she warns me, and so far she has been invariably correct (besides our disagreement on good pant lengths).Additionally, she is a very pleasant woman. Going in alone to have something tailored can feel a little awkward, but she is very polite and easy to converse with. All-in-all, I cannot recommend May's Alterations enough.
5	May just did a complicated dress alternation (covered in tiny sequins and needed to be taken in) for my daughter and the dress came out beautifully!!!  My daughter needed it unexpectedly and May was able to do it in 2 days.  It was a short walk from campus so it's very convienient to the Illinois campus as well.  We will be back!!
5	I had an emergency tear along the zipper of my down coat and she stitched it up flawlessly on the spot. May's work is excellent and her prices are very reasonable. She is such a nice lady! Highly recommended!
5	I've had her work on swimsuits, a formal skirt, and a slip.  Great job on all of them.
2	Let me start off by saying that the alterations weren't horrible, but then again, they weren't great.I stopped into May's with about 5 button up shirts and a pair of jeans. I tried on the jeans she measured me, we agreed on a length and then I moved onto trying on the shirts. The first shirt I needed the to be taken in as it was too baggy/ballooning. She told me she was going to add darts instead of taking it in on the sides. She suggested that because it would 'look better and is cheaper than taking it on the sides'.Next shirt was too long and I needed it to be shortened. She asks me how short, and I said hmm I'm not exactly sure, but I brought a sample shirt that has a good length. She kinda snaps at me and tells me "No, it's too late to show a sample, you should have told me that from the beginning, I'm too busy for that". Honestly, at that moment I should have gotten my things together and said I don't want to give you my business. Unfortunately I just kind of froze and said ok and let her pin it shorter. I didn't really feel like dealing with her anymore so I didn't bother bring out the other 3 shirts I brought me to be altered. I paid for the alterations and was given a 1 week turn around time.The jeans came out great, but the 2 shirts.....not so much. I know understand why she suggested darts rather than taking it in from the sides. She made 2 pinches of fabric in the back of the shirt and sewed on the inside so there is the excess fabric on the inside of the shirt.The shirt that was to be shortened ended up being too short. I suppose that is somewhat my fault since I should have insisted that she let me try on the other shirt. My other complaint about that shirt is that there is a button 3 cm away from the bottom of the shirt which looks pretty awkward. I have had clothes altered at other places that have gone to great lengths to make the clothes look normal after the alteration. I would not come back here for any other services.I guess you could say that if you are wanting a basic job done with a quick turn around time, use May's Alteration. If you have more intricate alterations to be done, I'd be weary of using her since it seems its about a quick turn around time and not that much about quality of tailoring. On the plus side, the alterations are somewhat cheap, the place is clean, and they have a pretty quick turn around.
