3	Good Service, consistent "Denny's Style" food prep and what appears to be a well managed franchise store. the wait persons were very attentive and happy. The whole experience was a pleasure.Nothing much more to say...
5	Wow, the seven thousand four hundred and ninety third Denny's ever built, impressive. Denny's. the place I visit more frequently than I should. The place I'll probably meet my soulmate, and probably the place where I'll die. This is what life is all about. Pancake pups, Oreo blender blasters, build you own chicken fajita things. Yeah the good stuff. Thanks for always being there Denny, through thick and thin we have had some great times.
4	Good Dennys with decent staff. Sometimes get a rude female waitress, but its whatever. Other than that, great atmosphere and good food.
5	Friendly environment, what can I say? Food is great, service is great, staff is great, makes a Denny's complete!
5	Was on vacation in Az this past weekend, enjoyed our stop here with the family. The staff are super nice & the banana splits are out of this world.. yummyl
1	Probably one of the worst Denny's we've experienced, and we have been to close to one hundred different Denny's. The decor, while diner-style and well done, it was dirty and neglected. Blinds had months of dust and dirt. Ceiling tiles showed water damage sagging. Even though only 6 patrons were present, it took over 20 minutes to get our order, and mine was not as requested. The waitress was more interested in chatting with her friends behind the counter than ensuring our drinks were refilled. I had to get silverware and place mat from another table. She met minimum standards of professionalism and friendliness. Won't return.
2	Floor was dirty, waitress wasn't friendly at all.  She came over to bring us our drinks and I told her we were ready to order, she told me I had to wait.  She went and got drink order and took people's order that came in after us.  Ceiling tiles were water stained.  Had cobwebs going from the ceiling to wall mounted speakers.  Eggs were cold, coffee was Luke warm.
4	Came here for our annual Christmas dinner & movie. I have to be Honest, I have never been a fan of Denny's. In my experience the service has always been poor at best and the food usually matches. I am very happy to say that this was NOT the case this time. Our waitress (Stacey)  was friendly, fast and always smiling. Our food was served hot and in a timely fashion. I believe this location has figured out how to keep people coming back........ Good food served fast and friendly staff. Simple.
