1	A BAD  choice for a motel in Phoenix if your plans include sleep.  I blundered into it by reserving on line and trying to save a few bucks- bad mistake.  The place is just north of the west end of the Sky Harbor Airport and about 100 feet from an Amtrak/ freight railroad crossing, in an industrial area.  A "one-on-one" girlie place is across the street and there is an "adult toy store"  nearby.  Classy neighborhood.   The roar of the planes and the ringing of the railroad crossing penetrates the rooms like there are no walls and the trains themselves always blow their whistles- about a hundred times- as they approach the crossing - even in the middle of the night.  The freight trains are about a hundred cars long.  There are absolutely no amenities here, but the price is still pretty high- about fifty bucks- You can go to the La Quinta and live in absolute luxury for another twenty bucks- it WILL be worth it.  The bedspreads are so garishly colored with the Motel 6 logo that the decor alone will keep you awake.  Little tiny towels in a little tiny bathroom.  No chairs to sit in to watch TV.  The staff is nice, though and they have free (!) coffee in the office in the morning.  And- they have an all-night security to guard to keep the derelicts from stealing the stuff out of your car.  There is a pool.  Do not go here. Repeat-  DO NOT GO HERE.
1	Im going to have to agree Whole heartedly. And i informed the manager of it as well. I picked this one because it was close to the Airport and the Light Rail. The noise from the Airport wasnt to bad. But it was the Train Horns all NIGHT LONG and ALL MORNING when your trying to sleep. I wouldnt pick this one, the neighborhood wasnt bad despite what people say. But the Train noise is just unbearable. I got it for the Click 6 rate which was reasonable. Stay Elsewhere. I should of picked one further down that was right off the light rail.
1	Really funky, nasty and trashy neighborhood this place was in. The clerk behind the booth was behind metal bars as well. I know this is KIND of standard these days but it fit quite well for the neighborhood. To make it all the more worse I am 100% sure that I got scabies(skin lice) off of the sheets. This was the only hotel I stayed at the time. Normally considered a STD! That was a horrible experience! My dogs got it too and had to go to the vet and it took me weeks to get over it and I had to cover myself from the top of my head to the soles of my feet and itch even more because that was a sign that the medicine was working . I had to wash my wardrobe three times to make sure the bugs were dead and constantly had to clean the house and try not to touch a thing while I was getting over it! Ugh!Not all Motel 6's are like this but in Phoenix they might be.
2	Unfortunately my apartment complex caught fire, and I was forced to stay here temporarily.  My daughter, I and two cats came here. I asked for a "handicap" room, as my knee had gone out. While the neighborhood isn't the greatest, the train noise can be bothersome.  However, I loved the safety bars installed throughout the bathroom as I had troubles walking. Overall if I had to do it again, I'd stay at the Scottsdale location.
