5	GREAT SERVICE! I called in an order for 8 separate orders, when i went to pick up, they had EVERY ORDER CORRECT! They were even super busy; opening day, and still provided excellent customer service. Their burgers and smash fries were definitely a hit in the office
3	The service was good but the food was way to greasy and the fries are to thin for me.  A bit pricey for a hamburger joint.  I guess I was expecting more, will try it again maybe a sald next time.
4	08/29/13  Had the Avocado Smashburger. No complaints here. Burger came out hot and juicy with lots of fresh avocado and flavorful bacon. Fries were thin and crispy and the order was generous. I thought prices were reasonable. This is a welcome and much needed addition to the choices available in the Queen Creek/San Tan Valley area. Friendly and attentive service too. I will definitely come back.
5	Delicious, I had the bacon cheese burger with fried egg on it, so good! Fast friendly customer service, you get checked on a few times by people walking around to make sure everything was ok. Much better service than places that have actual waiters.
4	This is one busy burger joint! People must really love their smash!What you must know if you are a truffle (mushroom that is) lover like me... they have it! Order the smash grilled chicken burger and you will have the wonderfully smashing truffle taste. You wouldn't expect truffles at a "fast food" joint!Toppings for the your burgers are fresh and their buns are soft and melt in your mouth. Don't worry, your bun does not melt or break apart!Service is fantastic! Helpful staff when ordering and cleanning up!
4	Pretty good burgers, I order without the "seasoning" as I feel it is too salty.  Great selection of sides- smash fries are excellent
4	I'm always a little hesitant to try new places especially when it comes to Burgers.  For the longest time I thought nothing could compare to other burger joinsts around town, but I was wrong after eating at Smashburger.  I order the Bacon Cheesburger everytime and it's delicious.  Make sure you get their Smash Fries those are delicious as well. The service is fast.  The give you a number and bring the food to you when it is ready.  They have a few people come around to check on you to make sure you are doing ok. They have outdoor seating as well which Is great for this time of year. The only thing that irritated me was when placing my order they ask If I would like to donate $1 to an organization.  Don't get me wrong I don't mind donating a dollar here and there.  But when I tell them no not this time they say, "oh man, I just need five more to be done." Talk about putting me on a guilt trip.  Service is great. Food is great.  Will definitely be coming back.
5	Service was excellent, I had the Avocado Club Smashburger, my husband had the chicken version of the same. Both were mouth watering delicious!!  The veg fries, fried green beans and carrot stix, were great with the horseradish sauce and the smash fries, thin crispy potato fries tossed in olive oil and rosemary, were fabulous with smash sauce. This place makes mcDonalds look REaLLY bad!!!
4	I went today for lunch (Saturday) with my mom. The place was packed, but we found a table, and the service was fast, considering. I thought the food was great (Classic Smashburger, and we split some haystack onions and rosemary fries). My mom thought it was way too salty, but mine was fine.I would have given five stars, but here it is several hours later and I feel like I've been heavily dosed with MSG. Their menu says they don't use it, but their food is the only thing out of the ordinary that I've eaten today, and I can't get enough water and I feel hungover. My rings are tight and my mouth has that weird swollen tingly feeling that I only get from consuming MSG.Great food, great service, not so great feeling later.
5	Awesome burgers and service! Fries are great, onion ring strings were ok. Nice and clean location with patio seating also. Very quick and accurate service.
5	damnnnnnnn! this joint was the bomb im going to pass it on to all my friends and family.i got the bacon burger  it was very juicy and huge but the fries didn't impress me but its aight cause I really don't care for fries.i really recommend you try this new  burger joint in Q.C., its a MUSTard.
3	I actually dont agree with the 4 or 5 stars reviews for this place. The burgers are on the expensive side, for what you get. I tried the bacon cheeseburger. The thing I was impressed by was the fries, which have a great seasoning on them. My burger was tainted by my last bite which had a piece of cartilage in it. The best way to sum it up is restaurant prices for a fast food burger. Due to my tainted burger, I will give them one more chance. I will do a new review once I do with an update.
5	Beer and a good burger at a reasonable price.  Everyone leaves happy.  Service is fast and the food is very good for a burger joint.  Very good for a franchise.
3	I've given this place a few chances to get more stars,  but I keep getting disappointed. First time, burger was not fully cooked and my smash fries were cold. The burger was still tasty and fries were too, just don't like cold fries.Next time in, my smash fries were hot but no rosemary and garlic......well there was a hint on a few fries. I also tried the onion thingies and the we're bland and burnt. Well I should say they tasted burnt with no seasoning flavor. I give it 3 stars for good, friendly service and the hamburgers were good. But the whole meal never meet my expectations.
5	I hate to give a chain this good of a review, but these burgers are thick, done, juicy and really darn good. The sweet potato fries where really good.   Smash fries were a bit greasy but still very good. We will go here for burgers. We had the avacado and bacon and wow, very impressive.
2	Been here three times in the last couple of months and each time, the food gets less good.  Visit #1- One of the best burgers I ever had.  Very fresh meat.  Great fries (seasoned with rosemary) and battered fried onions.  Would have given 5 stars.Visit #2 - same meal.  Fries were cold and greasy.  3 stars.Visit #3 - Our burgers were overcooked, the patties were falling apart in the bun.  Both the fries and onions were cold and had pools of grease at the bottom of their containers.  The batter was completely falling off the onions.  0 stars.At this point, I'm not so sure I would go back.  $18 for a couple of burgers is pricey.  Will wait for In & Out Burger to open.
4	I was pleasantly surprised, I usually stay away from burger joints as the food usually sucks. The burger was juicy, tasty, and worth the price. The smash fries had olive oil and were also tasty. I will go back.
4	I was really impressed with these burgers. They're a notch above other fast food joints. You usually have to go to a sit down restaurant to get a burger like this, thick juicy and absolutely delicious. The staff was friendly and fast. Make sure you order some Smash Fries!
2	This is a true 2 star restaurant.  I ussually have to think a while before I decide on a score, but this one is truly a 2.  We went there once, I ussually do not like to rate places after only 1 visit, but I really understood this place after one visit, well enough to write my review.  I think it tries to present burgers in a "Chipotle" kind of way, is it "fast"? "fine"? or "casual"? No one knows.  I think it is fast food dressed up like fine food in a casual way.  However, I think it doesn't hit any of those very well.It is sorta fast, but not as fast as McDonalds, but faster than Applebees.  It is seasoned like fine food, probably better than McDonalds, but is not even as good as Applebees (which isn't very "fine").  It is sorta casual, less casual than McDonalds, more casual than Applebees. The food is ok.  For the money I expect more.  I think if they were a drive through competeing with Wendys and Whataburger then would do fine.  But I am not getting out of my car for Smashburger very often.  If I am going to go in and order a mediocre burger, and over pay and wait, then I am at least going to go into a proper restaurant and sit down at a comfortable table.
4	Food was fantastic and service was pretty good overall. Just wish the price of building your own burger didn't cost so much.   1/4 of an avocado is $1 and three slices of bacon $1...shakes are pretty good and the fries ate really crispy! If you get the "veggie fries" be warned they are fresh veggies that's are quickly fried (ask if you can get them a little more well done).
4	Great burgers! Would give 5 stars, but I feel that they are a tad pricey. For three people (2 burgers, 1 meal with burger) came to over 33 bucks! Taste is very good though.
4	I love Smashburger.  This one forgot my bacon on my Cobb Salad.  But I love those burgers.  Can we please get one in South Chandler???
3	Here now for the first time. Just had the regular (5oz) Arizona burger with sweet potato fries and regular fountain drink for a touch over $11. The big patty is 7ozs. Service was friendly and efficient.  Burger tasted good but seemed a bit greasy. Fries were hot with a decent crunchy exterior. I would place them above McDonald's & Burger King and below Five Guys.
4	Great burgers and fries, going to try their shakes for the first time.  They also give military discount 25% best anyother fast food place.  The BBQ is the best burger ever.
4	This was my first experience at a Smashburger and I was impressed! We were greeted upon entering around 2pm this afternoon. Looked over the menu and noticed you have the option of either beef or chicken for any of the burgers. I decided on the Arizona burger which was a delicious combo of habanero cheese, guacamole, jalapenos and burger on a chipolte bun, YUM. They also have sweet potato fries which is a plus in my book. My sister is on low carb plan right now and Smashburger was happy to accommodate her requests as well. She got a grilled chicken burger made protein style with a side of fried green beans and carrots, she loved both.The service was friendly and the food was great. I enjoyed the taste of my burger here much more than Five Guys which is what I would say is the most comparable to Smashburger. Overall good experience. I would definitely come back.
1	I am not impressed. I ordered the avacado club and thank god I added cheese and mushrooms for that is ALL that was on the burger. Sweet potato fries were raw and oily, the veggies were not even "flash fried" and caked with grease, the smash fries were ok but apparently I got the bottom if the barrel, sprite and coke were out of syrup and no sense if urgency to fix it, the beverage station was a mess, the young lady who greeted me was the only thing good this place has going for them!!!! Sorry Smashburger, if you have better product at other locations, you lost this customer for I will not spend the $$$. Sticking with In-N-Out or The Habit for fresh hot non- greasy food =(
5	I love this place!!  Even if the service was bad I would come here because I dig the burgers so mush.  The service is friendly and fast.  I would have to say their burgers rank up there with any other place in the valley.  The meat is delicious and their veggies are always fresh.  You can't really go wrong here, except for maybe the salad.
2	This was my first experience at a smashburger. The menu was small, maybe five burger choices, five chicken burger choices & five salad choices. I found my burger to be extremely greasy and overrated.  While I was eating the burger grease was just draining off the back side down my wrists. That was disgusting. Unfortunately I have a sensitive stomach and all that grease caused me to be sick the whole next day. Disappointing.  So all in all small menu not much choice and super greasy. Not my cup of tea. The atmosphere was lively and loud & there were very few table tops that would seat six or even eight. So not a great place for groups. We had to split up, five in one area and three across the way at the bar like table under the windows, so much for family dinner. Over all I was fairly unhappy with this experience. The staff was kind & I liked the fresh lemons at the beverage bar.
4	The food is always good and I really like the iced tea...right?! I like that you can smash and dash (preorder)...got here at 8:30 pm looks like they're closing up shop...the gals don't look like they're so excited about being here but not my prob. The joint smells like a band aid but that won't deter me from coming here
3	Each time I have recently visited the Mesa area, I make a stop here. What initially drew me here was my friend who lives in the area, but what keeps me coming back is the truffle oil in the mayo on their chicken burger and good customer service.
4	So I usually am not a fan of chains, but I've been wanting to try this for a while. The service and the food rocked. Something that never happens has happened. My food looked like the pictures. It was good, fresh and fast.. They actually walked table to table to make sure stuff was right. I'll be back for sure
2	The food was good, especially the sweet potato fries. The service was poor. The hostess got my cousins order completely wrong and then was annoyed when we asked for the food that she actually ordered. She fought with us about whether she ordered what she said she did..... I ordered a salad, which was OVERLY drenched in dressing and it made me gag, so I brought it to her and she refused to let me exchange it for something else, so I had to purchase a whole different meal. I ordered the "avocado black bean burger" and it said it came with habanero cheese, which was under "other VEGGIE options". When it arrived, it had BACON on it NO cheese whatsoever. How is it a veggie option if it had bacon? I had to pick it off and they wouldn't give me any cheese. Every encounter with the hostess was unpleasant, she was obviously unhappy about her job...or she just hated everyone. The food was good, but I won't go back to this location because this chick was a grump!!
4	I had the Bbq Bacon Burger and my husband had the Truffle Mushroom Swiss Burger and both were very good. The smash fries which had olive oil and Rosemary were crispy and delicious! Shakes were good not great.
4	Two unusual sides keep us returning. My husband loves the Smashburger. I adore Sweet Potatoe Fries and the Onion Rings.I was kind of blah about them until we asked they be made extra crispy.Friends, these are NOT to be missed.These are fresh and tasty making the entire meal special.A visit to Smashburger is the Best..if you include the Sweet potato Fries and Onion Rings Extra Crispy. Enjoy!
4	I love this place. Best burgers in queen creek in my opinion. Everything is fresh, they are fast and the staff is friendly.  The restaurant is clean, too!  I just wish their fries were thicker. They have the tiny spaghetti fries, which does not come in a combo, but for a burger joint steak fries are necessary! All in all, it's a great family place. The fries are the only reason I didn't give it a 5 star rating. Harsh, I know.
4	Love thier burgers. Always get a double bacon cheeseburger which is delicious. Thier rosemary fries are amazing. I wished they were like a $1.50 less on thier burgers.
2	I know a few people who rave about these burgers, so my husband and I decided to try them out. After one bite,  I couldn't understand what the fuss was about. My burger was completely tasteless, it was falling apart like loose ground beef, and the avocado was nowhere near ripe enough to be edible. The only positive was the manager, who immediately made me a new hamburger after the sauce was mistakenly put directly on my bun when I asked for no sauce at all. I almost feel bad giving 2 stars because the manager was so extremely attentive and nice, but the food was just plain bad. I would say if you are already a fan of Smashburger and are in the Queen Creek area, definitely give this location your business.
