3	Have been to this place several times for lunch while working in Casa Grande. The food is probably the best in town! Don't expect the quality you'll get in Phoenix or Tucson. However you will get a quality meal that taste good.  They have excellent lunch specials! If your looking for a good place to eat at  while visiting Casa Grade or Driving down I-10, this place is good stop for a good Mexican meal.
3	Okay, so this won't win any awards for curb appeal, atmosphere, or even friendly service....BUT the food is some of the best Mexican cuisine I've had in this state.  It has a very authentic southwestern flavor.  Cheese Chicken Enchaladas, two eggs over easy, with a little  of the home made salsa and you'll be set!  So Keep your eyes off the floor, chin up, fork in hand, and indulge....I won't tell anyone I saw you there ;-)
3	Good food! The beans are made by the owners mother! And she refuses to give her secret recipe... :-)
4	Mi Amigo Ricardo is a Casa Grande staple. True, the food is not 5-star gourmet Mexican food, but it offers a tremendous value. It is great food, served fresh and fast. The prices are very reasonable. I have always found the staff to be friendly, and the owners are usually hanging around the front register to greet people and send them off after their meal. Regulars are noted and greeted as such.The pizza-sized cheese crisp is a must! However, I'm not crazy about the salsa. It's on the tables in ketchup bottles, and is too runny for my taste. To each his own, though. The combos are the best -- a huge plate of good food for a price you can't beat unless you go to Taco Bell, whose food is inedible.
4	I live in Chicago and my father in law took me to Mi Amigo Ricardo when we were on vacation in Arizona. This place feels like home and I hope to go back every time with visit the Phoenix area. I was introduced to the owner and his sister. My father in law told the owner that I like to make tamales so the owner came to our table and talked to me for 45 minutes about tamales. He brought over their tamales and let me try them. Also he gave me some of their chile powder for free for me to take home. This was so nice of him and I will never forget how great they were here and can't wait to go back.
3	Very Good Service, I can't take the smell in here, maybe they need to re vamp the place a bit, its a little out dated but, very good food. I have to admit., Im a sucker for good atmosphere, I believe it adds to the experience of eating out. I would come back to this place because the food is very authenthic, however I will get my mind ready for the scent.
4	What really matters: beans, tortillas, hot sauce.  They've got them and they're really good!  Get the bean burro enchilada style and sprinkle with salt!
2	I wasn't impressed by the food here, had much better. The beans were ok, rice bland, meat (beef/chicken) not that well seasoned. The salsa was ok. We got the fiesta meal to try a little of everything. The food was not bad at all, just not that great.
5	Mi Amigo Ricardo's is our favorite Mexican Restaurant in Casa Grande.  We eat there a couple of times each month.  Our favorite entree is #14.  Chicken Fajitas.  Tasty grilled chicken with peppers and onions, refried beans and rice, flour torilllas, with chunky salsa and guacamole!  The BEST!  Reasonably priced and more than you can eat.  We usually take half home.
2	I finally got to Mi Amigo Ricardo's, last night. I had been looking forward to going after a friend recommended it and after noticing the full parking lot on many occasions.  But as it sometimes goes with anticipation and high expectations, I was disappointed.Chips and salsa to start...I've honestly had better salsa from Target. My four year old daughter ate it, and she can't eat anything with even a hint of spice. My friend ordered the guacamole and it was ok, needed a little salt and a squeeze of lime.I ordered the Fiesta Plate which starts with a cheese crisp.  There was so much cheese that there was no 'crisp', but the kids sure liked it.  The highlight of the Fiesta Plate was the enchilada, which was actually quite good.  The beef Flauta wasn't bad either, just on the tough side.  The taco is where this rating went from an edible 3 to a 2.  The shell was a commercial hard taco from Old El Paso or some other such brand! Seriously, that's the best they could do?!  Every taco my Irish mother has ever made was better than this one.  They could have at least added some Old el Paso taco seasoning to the bland ground beef (yep you heard me right).  Head o Xavier's Casa Reynoso in Mesa if you want a good taco.  Order the Machaca Taco and tell them Tara sent you.Thank goodness for the good company!Sorry Ricardo's you're a 'no-go'.
4	This is the first restaurant I ate at in Casa Grande when I moved to Arizona 4 years ago and it's a favorite of mine the food / service is very good and friendly! The prices are reasonable and you get big portions. It's just hard to decide what to get because it's all good!
2	Although this restaurant is constantly being praised by the people of this city, I see nothing worthy of such praise. The salsa is the saltiest I've ever encountered and accompanied by stale chips. When you order a chicken burrito, thats really all you get. It's a rolled up tortilla with subpar chicken in it. Where's the sour cream? Oh thats extra. Where's the beans? Extra. Where's the rice? Extra. Where's the guacamole? extra. By the time you build it into a great burrito, it has grown to double the price. If you like bare bones and bland food...go for it. At least it'll be cheap.
2	Surprisingly bland and tasteless, but must be popular, as it was very crowded on a Saturday lunch.  Beans are delish, tho.
4	Any amigo of Ricardo's is an amigo of mine.I stopped here for a late lunch because the place looked local and authentic, unlike the bright-and-shiny Macayo's down the street. The hot-tortilla scent wafting through the door was so enticing that I was not off-put by the "Cash Only -- Sorry" sign but did another loop around town to find a bank and get cash.Ricardo and his amigos had me at "free chips and salsa." It is rare in Phoenix to get fresh, hot chips. The salsa is salsa: it's the taco sauce-esque kind. The chips are so delightfully hot and crisp and salty that this scarcely matters.Beef fajitas were excellent: the beef was juicy, the onions were caramelized, the guacamole was splendid with avocados, the tortillas tasted fresh. Heck, the beans tasted fresh. And I ate the rice. I ordinarily abhor the rice. All this, with friendly and cheerful service, was only $9.95, when it would have been $14.95 in Phoenix and probably delivered blandly and sullenly as well. This is "comfort Mexican" food -- and by that standard, it's better than the vast majority of what I've tried in Arizona.
1	The food is really not good.
1	This Close To The Border I Expected Good Mexican FoodThe restaurant was full and everyone looked happy.  We were told 15 minutes for a table and were thrilled when it was just under that.  Forty-five minutes later - yes FORTY-FIVE - we received our bean tostada (which had to be sent back) and beef fajita - neither of which had any flavor.  Don't bother.On our way out we saw a tent across the street for "Fry Bread" and went to investigate Big Bertha.  SO sorry we didn't have this instead!
5	I don't know about all those negative reviews but we stopped at Mi Amigo's on the way to Tucson coming from Ca. We were greeted by Ricardo at the front door. He led us to our table and proceeded to tell us the history of "MiAmigo" and introduced us to our waitress, Ricardo's sister.(Barbara ) She was very attentive and made several suggestions to order. Ricardo had told that everything is made fresh from his mothers recipe's. The restaurant had just celebrated their 30th anniversary. Barbara brought several of their salsa's and chilies to taste along with chips. Cutting to the quick I ordered the Chimichanga Burrito with enchilada sauce. I ordered because you can order it with the ingredients that you want in it. Best I ever had! I was with 3 other family members and they enjoyed what they had ordered. Service was excellent. After we ate Ricardo came back with a plethora of tourist attractions to do in Tucson. Enjoy your meal at "Mi Amigo Ricardo .I would definately recommend this fine restaurant and plan to stop by again when we are in the area.
1	I used to go to Mi Amigo every time I was in Casa Grande on my trips, and it was always good. I had not been there lately. Yesterday, I went with my family and it was a big disappointment. You get red sauce with chips no salsa. The cheese crisp came cold. The taco,enchilada,tamale,flauta was sub par. Very disappointed.
4	So far, this is my favorite mexican restaurant in Casa Grande.  I don't know why it has two $$... it was super affordable to eat here, especially for what we got!  I appreciated the 70's ranch-style vintage layout of the restaurant and the booths. I'm a stickler about comfort and interior design--to be honest it's almost as important to me as the food.  This restaurant has good personality.  It's not a boring chain like so many other places.  The booths are super comfy.  Their food was affordable and delicious, the servings were big, our server was really nice, and (unlike the experience of some other reviewers) we didn't have to wait at all.  It wasn't too busy.  Definitely support this place!
2	We were told that this was a great restaurant by friends, and indeed, the service is amazing.  They welcome you, they bring you everything you need. I ordered the meatball soup, and it was wonderful.  Spicy, nearly playing in my mouth.  I got so excited!  I thought, this is going to be our new mexican place!Then the food came.  It was not terrible, but it just had no spices, no kick, no flavor...it was bland.  I had a chimichanga and my husband had a burrito.  He layered the salsa for the dip (obviously canned, by the way, no chunks...boring) on top of the burrito to spice it up.I wish it had
3	Mi Amigo Ricardo is an authentic Mexican restaurant in Casa Grande that any local will tell is worth a go at least once, and being a resident of Eloy I will tell you no different.One of the few restaurants in town still  family owned and operated, entering Ricardo's you feel a sense of hominess. The employees are very  friendly, and the service is very quick and  accommodating. I have been to this restaurant during its lunch and dinner rushes, and while it does get packed often, I still found my order arriving in the same amount of time that it would had I come when it was empty.  While the food may not be the best Mexican food you'll ever have, it has a home cooked look and taste that you simply cannot get from, say, Macayo's. Prices are very affordable when compared to other restaurants, and the average price of a plate of food and a drink can be as low as about 10 dollars, and if their combination plates don't appeal to you, they also have variety of foods that you can order a le cart. But be warned, ordering in this fashion is where it can become a bit pricey. Each meal comes with a glass of water, nasty tasting tap, never ending bowl of chips, and salsa, more of a semi spicy tomato sauce. This is great if you don't make the mistake of filling up on chips before your order has arrived. It is for these reasons that Ricardo's remains a local favorite. It may not be the absolute perfect restaurant, but it is one that I have been coming to for many years, and one I will continue going to for many more
1	Amidst a sea of chain restaurants along a seemingly endless row of strip malls, I expected this little Mom & Pop to at least try to compete. We should have stopped at the complimentary chips and salsa because everything we actually paid for was bland... even the service!
4	This little Mexican restaurant is a favorite of the locals. Service is always friendly fast and professional. The food is always consistent and priced right. Great place for a large group.
4	I love their bean burritos. I guess I'm pretty boring, because it's all I ever get. However, strangely enough, their burger is super good. Great staff and pretty good price.
4	Pleasantly surprised.Some family drove up from Tucson to meet me and my fiancee in Casa Grande - this is halfway for us, as I travel from Scottsdale.  The waitress was really good this time, but we have had terrible service previously from a guy.  We just knew this time not to sit in his section.I ordered chicken fajitas, and my fiancee ordered a chimichanga.  Mine was pretty good - a slight bit greasy on the chicken, even though I asked them not to cook any of my food in oil.  The beans are really good, and corn tortillas were excellent.
5	Love this place everything is usually always great. Its in my home town so when I am home visiting I make sure I eat here at least once. My only complaint is the decor is tacky and outdated. But then again who cares the foods great.
2	Upon a recent visit to Casa Grande, we were told by our hosts that we would be going to the best Mexican restaurant they have ever been to.  Pretty bold statement.  Should have read the Yelp reviews first.  As others have pointed out, the place was quite busy, but we only had to wait about a minute for a table.The salsa is nothing more than tomato juice with pepper flakes.  Might make a good bloody Mary base.  There is nothing exotic on their menu.  Typical culinarily deficient food described as Mexican, burritos, chimichangas, tostadas and enchiladas.  Upon a recommendation from our hosts, my wife tried a burrito with shredded beef.  I ordered the green chile.As far as the burrito goes, all you get is meat and a tortilla shell.  If you want cheese, you must order and pay for it.  If you want sour cream, you must order and pay for it.  Basically, anything beyond the meat and shell, you will pay for.  The shredded beef had no flavor.  Quite a bit like the meat in Dinty Moore stew.I love green chile.  I know what green chile should be like.  I have trouble describing this green chile.This was the oddest food substance disguised as green chile I have ever experienced.  It was like someone put green chiles and cubed meat (perhaps armadillo?) in a white gravy base.  It was pudding thick.  It had no flavor.  I have no idea where they have ever had green chile.  Another diner at our table had the red chile, which was the same as the green only with a red gravy base.  I was at a loss for words while trying to figure out this dish.On the good side, they really are quite friendly and the rice was palatable.  Judging by the demographic that frequents this restaurant, salt is the only seasoning they know.  I can't stress this enough, just because the place is busy does not translate into good food.  It translates into a demographic that has given up on life and will eat anything put in front of them as long as there is salt.Taco Bell is a four-star restaurant compared to this place.
2	Goundbeef in a taco is not authentic. I tried it once and chuckle every time I drive by. This place is a joke for Mexican food. If you consider Taco Bell Mexican, this is the place for you.
3	This place had it's day...that day has passed. I used to love eating Ricardo's growing up, and once I moved out of state I used to look forward to coming here to eat when visiting family. Nowadays... Man, this place has plummeted low. The chile they serve with the chips is more of a half hearted parody of what the sauce used to be. The food quality isn't what I remember it, but maybe I just didn't notice the quality when I was younger.   The service is so so depending on who your server is. The inside of the place has been the exact same as long as I can remember it.    I love the ice tea here if that makes any difference. I used to love this place, it's a shame I still don't.
5	Woah. This place is fire! Starting with their salsa actually having flavor and spice, to their friendliness, to their enchilada sauce! First time eating in casa grande and I will definitely be back! I am usually not a fan of enchilada sauce, but they use the owner's mom's recipe, and it is honestly the best I have ever tasted in my life! And to top it off, their service was phenomenal and some of the nicest people. Can't wait to have another trip down here!
