4	Great hole in the wall. Food and service excellent.
4	I will definitely be back soon! Nice clean restaurant with many menu options (Indian owners and Thai cook makes for the best of both worlds). The server was friendly and attentive; he answered questions about the menu and kept the drinks full. The coconut ice cream is homemade in house daily! The owner even stopped by our table to ensure everything was up to par.
5	This place was great! I see it becoming my new weekday lunch time visit! I went with a friend and I had beef panang and my friend had their pad thai. Mine was delicious and my friend really enjoyed theirs too. Seemed like the business was there to please - they decorated nicely - white table cloths and all and the service was amazing! I was very impressed with this place. Could be a cute, simple date night place too. Now, to work on that date.... :)
4	Another fantastic dinner at Thai Chili tonight!  The server had a handy electronic gadget to ensure that the order was correct (I never do trust the servers who don't write down my order!) and was attentive but not annoying.  Our table ordered the thai iced tea, wantons, pad thai, yellow curry, and sweet sticky rice with mango (only $32 for 3 people and we were stuffed) - all were completely demolished with a smile!  They have an email list that  you can sign up for to get special promos so we'll see what that brings.  They also have a very clean restroom which is not always the case for small restaurants.  I'd recommend a 3-4 on the spicy level if you are a wuss like me but like a *little* kick.
5	great food, AWESOME service would definitely eat there again
4	Very nice atmosphere and decor.  All tables and no booths, in case you were wondering, and in case you are a "booth" person.  We sat right in front of the cash register, and the downside to that was people picking up take out orders kept bumping my chair, but it wasn't a make it or break it event.  The staff was very pleasant and my drink didn't sit empty for more than 2 minutes, TOPS.  (That is a BIG deal for me, especially with spicy Thai food)I ordered green curry at a 10 (level of spice) and it was just right!!!  The vegetables were cooked perfectly, and it had a smooth texture.  The portions were very large as well.  Enough for lunch the next day for sure.  We also ordered spring rolls, and they were delicious.  Had a sweet taste to them, but were fresh and crisp.  I would come here again for sure.  They're green curry (on a scale of 1-10) is about an 8.5 or a 9.
5	We have found our new favorite thai place! We walked in and jordan, our server welcomed us and was very attentive to our needs.  Nice clean atmosphere with plenty of natural light.  We had the red chicken curry and chicken pad thai.  Both had excellent flavor and generous portions for a reasonable price.  The red chili had jalapenos in it so if u can't handle the spice then ask to have it prepared without.  The chicken fresh rolls were delicious with the warm peanut sauce.  They have been open about 2 months as of this posting, and with the quality and service we experienced, I hope they are able to stay around for a very long time.  Overall a 5 star experience and we will definitely be back.
4	The service and food were great.  The price were reasonable and with Restaurant.com gift certificate, you can't go wrong.  When we were there on a Friday night, the place was packed and with people awaiting for table.  We will definately be back
4	Fresh rolls, papaya salad & beef curry all amazing. Very affordable. Service was great - they were a bit in the weeds but acknowledged it rather than not make eye contact. This will be a tough spot for a restaurant like this to survive but we are hopeful. Great minimal menu, busy and locally owned.
2	Thai Chili was a bit of a disappointment for us... It seems like we might have had an isolated incident given the positive reviews others have given it.  The drunken noodles seemed tasteless, and the spiciness was all over the place, (mine was supposed to be the spiciest, but wasn't spicy at all).  The BBQ Chicken was great, just hard to eat. The service lacked a little bit, one waiter for all the tables doesn't seem sufficient... but at least there was a cute hostess ;-)
5	I love this place.... but I haven't actually ever been inside. Found this place on Yelp and have ordered delivery about 6 times already (even though it says there's no delivery on Yelp- there really is and this place gets an extra star from me for delivering). I've never been disappointed with the food, delivery time, or service over the phone. Pad Thai and Drunken Noodles are excellent staples as well as the Spring Rolls. I also really like the Tofu Lovers (Fried tofu, lots of veggies, and Thai 'gravy') and the Thai Toast. Will definitely have to try the curry next time!
2	If you want to get take out this is your place but not for dine in. The food was good but we waited over 30 mins for our order while we watched other people come and go. They had to have forgotten about us. We finally asked for our food to go because we had to get going. They just said "sorry about the wait" but didn't really care. Plus our waiter kept bringing my husband refills on his soda but not for me. Agh!  Like I said, take out only. Unless you have lots of time to wait.
4	YUMMY! The closest thing to real Thai food I have ever found! Living in Thailand for 6 months and getting to experience the real stuff, I am very picky when it comes to eating Thai food. I have never actually been inside, just gotten delivery. I had the Som Tum, it was really good, my boyfriend had the Matsuman and it was awesome! The only issue was both times I called in, sounded like teenagers answering phones and neither had any idea about anything, maybe they were training? Took a while to order. Also, busy Friday night and the delivery guy forgot my Thai tea, but came back right away and gave us some coupons with his apology!
3	Well, I got here about 10 mins. before closing, unbeknownst to me, and I didn't even get dirty I'm-gonna-spit-in-your-food looks. Big smiles and kindness all around. I feel bad now, but I didn't know they were closing until they started turning off lights when I left. Anyhow, the next thing I noticed when I got in my car was there was no smell. One of the best things about Thai is the wonderful aromas. How could this be? I checked and found my order packaged in plastic instead of styrofoam-phew! Nice touch. Unfortunately, when I got home I found the meat to be chewy @ best w/ a sticky, sweet sauce. At least, the cilantro stood out. Very fresh. This was served w/shredded cabbage-also kind of chewy and sticky rice. I've never had sticky rice w/a savory dish, but who doesn't love sticky rice, right? Overall, not to-die-for, but I'd probably go back. It's close to home and it was closing time after all. My bad.
5	This place is awesome.  I get the Chicken Panang and it is sooooo yummy.  Their spice scale is 1-10.  I order as a 5 for spice.  I could probably go a little higher on that, but it is delicious.  I love the pineapple dressing on the starter salad.  This little restaurant is CLEAN, friendly, GREAT VALUE, and EXCELLENT food.  Enjoy!
2	I came here on my friend's recommendation. I'm not a big curry fan, but perhaps the curry is amazing like she said. First off, when we walked in, the owner and waiter were talking to each other. My boyfriend and I weren't sure if we should wait to be seated or just walk to any table. After standing for a few minutes, the waiter told us to have a seat anywhere without leaving behind the counter. We sat down, and the two continued their conversation. I had to look back 4 - 5 times before the waiter came and brought us menus. When we decided what to order, he didn't come back until I looked back another 4 - 5 times. By the way, there was only one other table occupied that was deciding what they wanted for dessert. I can't say anything bad about the waiter because he was overall nice, but not attentive at all. We never got water refills.I always order Pad Thai, and wasn't wowed by it here. First, they charge for adding tofu. I got a chicken and tofu mix - and although I paid for tofu, there wasn't much tofu added. I always get mild flavored Pad Thai, and I feel that really allows you to taste the food. If there's still a lot of flavor without the spiciness, then you know the natural dish is well made and not masked by the spices. The portion was alright - but not enough peanuts nor bean sprouts. The dish itself was way too sweet for my taste.My boyfriend ordered the sizzling beef dish. I was able to finish my entire dish before his entree came out. The waiter didn't tell us that it was going to take that long. It came on a clay dish and sizzled a lot, but for the price, it wasn't worth it at all. The beef was pretty typical. It tasted kind of like black pepper chicken at Panda Express - but beef instead of chicken. FYI: my Pad Thai came out after a very long time as well. From walking in to walking out, I think it took us an entire hour for this meal. Don't go here if you're in a rush, and don't order the Pad Thai nor Sizzling Beef Dish.
4	A solid four.  No need to worry it's anything less.  I'm impressed we have a place like this in the Val Vista Lakes area.  Clean, modern, clean, good service, clean, good pad thai and clean.  You always worry about that in a mom and pop.  Very good lunch special.  Spice scale is 1-10.  I got a 3 and it was just enough for me.  My sister got an 8 and was blown away and she likes spicey.  Just a heads up.
5	Went in this time and was beyond pleased with my experience! This time the owner was there and took my order. When I couldn't decide which soup to have with my lunch special, she brought them both out! I LOVE this place! Love the management, love the food, love the prices! The only thing (and sooo not important) is I wish they had booths! YUMMY!!!
4	Thai Chili is pretty good. Think of a #10 spicy. I actually tried a 7/10 and started dying because I couldn't tolerate it. I underestimated the heat. This place is also very accommodating for big parties. It's well renovated and the prices are fair. Probably better than all the other Thai places in Mesa
4	Last night I was craving Thai food.  So I was found Thai Chili through yelp and it was great!  It happen to be 5 minutes before they closed and they still delivered to us!  I got the #47 Pineapple Curry spicy scale 8.  Went down great and their sticky rice was great.  My girlfriend got the #24 Pad Thai spicy scale 1(she can't stand hot food) and she loved it as I did which I ate the left overs!  Definately will be ordering them again and often!  #1 Fresh rolls were nice, too much mint/basil in it though.
4	Ok let me say that I'm not an expert on Thai food. Really I've only ever had it once before, but I liked it so I decided to give Thai Chili a try. I really liked it! The only reason I'm not giving it 5 stars is I've only sampled one thing (the Beef Panang at a level 3) and it'd have to be drop dead awesome for something to get that (I'll be honest I've never given anything a 5). They gave me just the right level of spicy. I did take out and it was ready and hot when I got there but I think I will take my husband there in the future. It looks like a really intimate dining experience. I'm excited I found this place it will now be my go to Thai food place in Gilbert!
4	My wife and I both lived in Thailand for many years and so we enjoy trying out Thai places in the Valley. We were not disappointed with Thai Chili. Pleasant atmosphere (just about the only Thai restaurant I've been to with tablecloths. This could be a mistake since the usual way to eat Thai food -- passing around and sharing several dishes -- can get messy). We shared larb gai (spicy minced chicken with mint and other things) and green curry. We can recommend both, and there was enough so we could bring some home. We had both dishes at "spice 10," and it was quite hot, the way we like it. If you prefer it milder just get a lower number.
5	One of my favorite restaurants!Their food is just incredible and the portions are generous.   I'm absolutely addicted to their pad thai, and they have a homemade pineapple dressing that is unbelievably good.  (Take it from someone that doesn't even like salad, this stuff rocks!)  The place is small but clean, and the staff is very friendly.  The only con is that the servers can be a little slow on the refills and check, which may be a turnoff for some.  Personally, I think the quality food here is well worth the wait.  I always thought their spice was a little weak, but I recently tried a ten and found out how very wrong I was.  They can definitely appeal to spice lovers and haters alike.  I'd definitely recommend Thai Chili for almost any occasion
1	I am so dissapointed! It started off good. I ordered 3 dishes from the menu they dropped off at my house ~2 months ago and the food was delivered in 20 minutes instead of the 45. I'm thinking 'OK, awesome', super fast delivery, the food is packaged in these neat snap-top plastic containers, everything is looking good! The portions were on the small side, but that is not unusual for delivery. However, there were a few big problems. The first was that the delivery guy was super rude, just grunted at me and shoved a receipt in my direction. The biggest problem was that the food was not good. Then to top it off,  the menu prices had all increased by at least 2 dollars in the last 2 months. I understand menu prices change, but 40$ for 3 dishes of Panda Express quality food.... Definitely will not eat here again.Tofu Lovers- 3/10 -Most of the tofu was overcooked, the rest was UNDER cooked (how did they accomplish this???). The sauce was bland.Silver Noodles- 5/10-Noodles were over-cooked so they stuck together in a huge, dry clump. There were not enough vegetable for my liking. 5 or 6 broccoli florets and a handful of bean sprouts. The flavor was decent it was pleasantly spicy.Drunken Noodles w. Shrimp- 7/10-Shrimp was clean and cooked well and the sauce was flavorful.
3	This place has a nice ambiance. The ac is definitely getting a workout. I wasn't left to parch as my glass was filled with water often. Service was attentive. There is a lot of choices on the menu. Our orders. Thai spring rolls- ok. sauce was pretty sweet. Pad thai with beef- good Basil with tofu- good Overall, I wont be going back. The prices are high for Thai food. It was good, don't get me wrong, but it wasn't anything special.
4	Went there with a half price groupon. Every thing was nummmmmy! The service was a bit off. They were very friendly just a bit akward. They got slammed with groupon guests all at the same time right after we were seated.  I had a specialty the chicken and steak in lemon garlic sauce heat rating of five.  It was good not hot enough for my taste but I was too afraid to order higher at a new place. Five is full of flavor and a little heat on the end.  My chef boyfriend tryed my sauce and said it was from a jar. He said he has it in his kitchen. a little disapointed if that is true since it was called a speacality of the house. But it was very good and I was completly satisfied.I would definatly go back without question.
1	Went Sunday, 6/5 = two completely unhappy Asian people. The two of us ordered a number of items and were disappointed. I began Yelping on my phone as we ere leaving and had so much to say that I thought I would finish my thoughts when I got home - didn't get around to it, but I HAVE to share the experience.1) service was HORRIFIC: - a table seated after us received their appetizers before we got anything- I asked to cancel my order of wine since it had been over 10 minutes since I had ordered it, the manager offered to comp it and I declined (yup, that's how annoyed I was)- the server apologized profusely because he had to leave and deliver orders to people2) the food was "bleh"- ordered hot and sour soup: he LOVES this stuff, he had a little of it and set it aside, all he could say was, "uninspiring"- ordered pad thai: I agree with a previous Yelper, you can't mess it up, but it was too sweet for my taste and nothing great overall, at least she added the extra peanuts I asked for- ordered spicy eggplant (beef): I have ordered this from other places and LOVED it, here it was good- ordered thai sizzling beef: it was good- ordered the golden banana: BLEH = disappointed that they served it with maple syrup as a dipping sauce from a bottle on the kitchen counter- manager comp'd my sticky rice with thai custard THANK GOD because the custard was cooked all wrong (it was basically cooked eggs)NEVER, EVER, EVER, going back to any of the Thai Chilis I've seen out here. EVER!
5	Tried this restaurant per living social app and was surprisingly pleased by the food that they serve. The taste was splendid, original Thai food that really rare to find in the valley. Their Thai ice tea was perfect! Crispy tofu with peanut Thai sauce as appetizer was melting in my mouth! And my favorite Pad See Ew with beef was taste so good that I'm craving for more. They also were very generous in their portion. Overall I'm pretty sure I'll be back in this place for more Pad See Ew!
4	My first impression of the restaurant was that it was small. It is basically a square dining room. The decor and lighting were nice and the place was adequately clean.  For a Saturday night at 8pm, business wasn't booming, but it was dead either. The menu is large with mostly Americanized Thai dishes. Entree prices are reasonable, appetizers maybe a little high. Beer was little expensive too. A bottle of Kilt Lifter was $5. The service started out just OK. Our waiter wasn't very warm and seemed to have only limited knowledge of the menu. However, he kept my water filled and our food was delivered in a reasonable time. Portions are generous and the vegetables were fresh. I ordered a "5" on my dish and was disappointed by the lack of spiciness. I got the eggplant with chicken. Overall, it was pretty good. One piece of the  eggplant was a little undercooked and the chicken tasted gamy, probably dark meat. I used a lot of soy sauce. I was very impressed with the brown rice - super fresh and sticky and some of the best I've had. My girlfriend got the shrimp salad, which she was very impressed with also. We didn't do any deserts or appetizers. We used a groupon and Its certainly not worth the drive from Scottsdale without one. Really, this is more a like a 3.5 star restaurant and if you live within a few miles - Thai Chili is a reasonable alternative for fresh food with a decent value.
5	My hubby and I went out to this with the living social deal and we are so glad we found it.  A new favorite.  The Satay was really really good but it was chicken tenderloin, which isn't traditional.  Kind of funny, but the sauces were so so yummy.   I had the drunken noodles,  awesome. My hubby had a yellow curry.  Can't remember the name.  He just loved it.  Can't wait to go back.  Give it a try.  The prices were right too.
5	Love this place!!! Generous portions for great prices. When this place first opened they had white table cloths and candles and waiters with ties. The service was a little "awkward" but that is to be expected with any new restaurant opening (especially a non-corporate establishment). However, the food was amazing! Not "white table cloth this food is too pretty to eat "amazing but great development of flavor and spice. Best part about it is that you get to pick your level of spiciness. I like hot so I went with a 7 out of 10 and it was perfect.Now, the white tablecloths are gone and they aren't over thinking their whole concept. More focus on the food and less on the formality of the service. All I can say is that if you have tried it before and had a so so experience, go back and give it one more try. They have something for everyone from combo fried rice ( my husbands favorite) to pad Thai to vegetarian dishes. The pineapple chicken curry is my personal first choice but I am making my self branch out next time.
5	Awesome awesome awesome. The food is great, the lunch specials are a steal, and they really treat you right. Each time I've been I've been so impressed with the staff. Even had the chef come to our table once because the person I was with made up her own custom dish and the chef wanted to see how it turned out- it was perfect. Totally recommend!
5	This has become my favorite Thai place in the East Valley. The food is amazing and the service is wonderful. I go in for lunch on a regular basis and they don't have Pineapple Fried Rice on the menu but, they always make it just the way I like it!! My own personal custom dish....
3	I went here for lunch yesterday and it was fairly good. The ambiance is non existent in this restaurant, so don't expect anything fancy. I went with a couple of friends and we each got something different, I got drunken noodles, one friend got pad see u, and another got pad thai. I got mine at a level 5 spicy and it was spicy! That part was good. I just thought it was a little dry... could have used a bit more sauce. The flavor was good. It also came with a fairly good salad and an alright spring roll. I gave this place 3 stars because, although it was fine, it was nothing special and there are many thai restaurants in phoenix that are better.
3	Good food at good prices.My wife went in and had Pad Thai and Crispy Chicken with Spicy Plum Sauce and each were about $10 for a decent portion. They were both good, but not great. The service was okay, but not great. The atmosphere in the room was a little cold. Someone needs to make the place a little more comfortable.All in all, everything was good, but I've had better food for a better price. You will enjoy your meal, but I don't think you'll be overly impressed.
4	I purchased the LivingSocial deal back in June and finally went last week with a girlfriend who also enjoys Thai food. My friend ordered the Spicy Basil with chicken with a heat level of 5. The waitress said that the heat level 5 was on par with the heat of a jalapeno. I feel it is safe to say that my friend would disagree with that statement since she normally eats things hotter than a jalapeno and she was sniffling by halfway through the meal. She said it was good, but she would stick with her usual Pad Thai next time. I picked the Crispy Chicken with Spicy Plum Sauce with a heat level of 2 (My middle name might as well be "Wimp"). The vegetables under the chicken had some light sauce that was deliciously light and tasty. The plum sauce was fantastic! The chicken was very tasty, but would have been a lot better if it had been grilled or cooked pretty much any way other than fried. The fried taste battles too strongly with the tasty plum sauce. Still very good, though! For dessert, we both got the handmade Coconut Ice Cream. It was wonderfully tasty, but not really worth $4 since you only get one smallish scoop. The service was very good although it was a little odd that my dinner came out five minutes before my friend's dinner. I'm looking forward to a return visit to check out what else is good on their menu.
5	Best Thai food I've had in years.  Excellent, fast service, nice intimate atmosphere, and outstanding food.  Big menu with lots of variety and very authentic Thai cuisine.  Big portions  too!  I had the Pad Thai at level 6 spiciness - only the bravest should go further! - and was impressed by this standard.  Noddles were perfect consistency, the chicken was tender, and the flavors more complex and enjoyable than I recall ever tasting in this dish elsewhere.  HIGHLY recommended!
4	Ok, my coveted 4 stars for being a fresh restaraunt. I life Thai food. If you have a passion for real, fresh food and have never tried Thai, you're missing out. If you've had Thai, you'll love this place. Small, but always full. They actually use a grandma's secret family recipes.  Really.
4	I'm not sure how much good Thai food is to be found in Arizona, but this place definitely hit the spot.Appetizers were good, but the Massaman Curry (my benchmark of Thai cuisine) was fantastic! Potatoes and veggies done just right, rice cooked perfectly, and the curry itself creamy and luscious, bursting with flavor. The fact that you can designate on a scale of 1 to 10 how hot you want your dish to be was a nice touch, and addressed my grandmother's reservations (this was her first time trying Thai cuisine).They were really busy, so I think it's perfectly acceptable that the service was just a tad slow, but the waiter was extremely pleasant and helpful. The decor was ok, but I'd love to see the walls as vibrant as the flavors... don't be shy guys, your food is great- go for it! Make it real!Bonus points for carrying my fave Thai beer, Chang!
4	I lived in Thailand for several years so I am spoiled  and have high standards for authenticity. This place does it right. Even their determination of level of spiciness is fine tuned. Because they use fresh chilis rather than overloading the food with the dried chilis--big difference. Service is great and it has remained great since I first went there 2 years ago.
5	I fell in love with this place the first time I went there. I ended up getting the Gang ka ree and was impressed that I got to choose the spiciness of the dish (since I can be kind of a wuss with spicy food). I have had fresh Thai food made by some Thai friends when I lived in Australia, and this was very comparable. We took a seat in the restaurant and were barely able to find an open seat. The place was packed. The restaurant's atmosphere wasn't spectacular, however, it's better than some places that also do delivery/takeout.  It was worth the wait though. In the future, I plan on ordering take out & I hope they deliver to my house.
3	Now, I hardly ever get down to the far southeast valley but found myself starving after a client visit.  It's a rainy day so some nice Thai would go down really nicely I thought.  I scoped the 'people love us on Yelp' sticker on the window and I was in!!It was busy, nearly every table was occupied but I managed to work my way into a small table with a wave from the waiter that he'd provide a menu shortly.While waiting I saw a man and woman who appeared to be the owners (??) more Indo than Chine, but studiously going over the operations of the restaurant.  And I waited.  And waited.  Major star deduction.Their lunch specials are seven bucks so I chose my fave Pad C U with chicken and medium heat.  Heat was perfect, but other than that the dish fell short.  This was rather salty, and coming from me that's really saying something.  I felt it really lacked the complexity that I've experienced elsewhere.
4	My family loves coming here.  The service is always really good.  Friendly staff.  We always get the chicken satay app and chicken curry.  YUM!!!  My son is super picky and they are willing to take away and add if needed.  The sticky rice is a MUST for dessert.
5	Out of all places I've eaten curry, this is the BEST yet! Thai Chili has a clean, welcoming, and simple but warm atmosphere and their service is great. Friendly, patience, quick and caring. I had the green curry with chicken, lightly spiced (#3, which gently cleared up my stuffy passage ways. I'm still working up the spice ladder). This was one of a handful of tasty-sounding items on their lunch special menu (I look forward to trying all their items .. in time, of course ^_^*). My meal only cost $7 and came with one spring roll, sauce, and your choice of egg drop soup or hot sour soup. For the amount and the quality of the meal, I feel like I ate for free! It's your turn, now go!
4	I agree with the SERVICE issues, we were enamored with Thai Chili going back several times until we experience service from the tall dark haired waiter.  He acted like he was doing us a favor by being there; speaking in a condescending tone and being a total know it all.  He didn't LISTEN to our questions, didn't let us finish our special order and then GOT OUR ORDER WRONG! Forgot anything extra we asked for.  Usually I wouldn't take the time to complain about such things but this guy is making you lose business. Either he needs an attitude adjustment and better service skills or you will continue to lose customers. SERIOUSLY we will only get take out if he is going to be our server.  Like the below comment, I felt like calling the owner and applying for a job because I could just see their money flying out the door with the customers that were leaving because he didn't acknowledge them when they walked in.  Seriously, the restaurant is the size of a postage stamp, it takes a second to make eye contact with guests walking in and saying "i will be right with you" instead of acting SO PUT OUT because he had people walk in.
4	What's you number?  On the heat scale!  This place tailors the dish to your preference so wether you like to breath fire (level 9, like me) or you think water is pushing the edge on the spicy scale you'll find what you like.The yellow curry is my regular dish, the lunch special comes with a nice little side salad, egg-drop soup and a delicious little egg-roll.  For dessert give the coconut ice cream or mangoes with sweet sticky rice a try.
5	Great little place. I wasn't not expecting anything this good given its location. The dumplings were amazing. They almost had this slightly smoky overtone to them - just delicious. The spring rolls were large and very fresh.My husband had the Pad Thai and felt it was one of the best he's ever had. I had the Drunken Noodle which was excellent.The service was great. In fact, when we told our server (maybe the manager?) how happy we were, he took the appetizers off our bill. Will definitely go back again.
2	Not the best Thai food I have had. I found it very bland and too greasy. It seemed to be more about the chili than thai spice.
3	Somewhere between authentic Thai and cheap take-out Chinese exists the entity that is Thai Chili.  This is a very middle-of-the-road Asian food establishment that seems to suffer from an ongoing identity crisis.  While the food is edible and certainly Thai-influenced, it's no where near good enough to warrant a second visit!Stopped in with a co-worker on the recommendation of several online reviewers...Lunch time portions were perfect for the price and the quality of ingredients was certainly good.  Though reasonably busy, seating was prompt and the food came quickly.  However, the TASTE of the food left much to be desired!  We tried both the "Hot and Sour" and the "Egg Drop" soups to start.  Anyone familiar with Thai food will note that these are soups more commonly found as counterparts to cheap "take-out" style Chinese food.  Well, the Hot and Sour soup consisted of a dark broth with red pepper flakes floating around for spice.  It tasted strongly of lemon juice and vinegar and, though I tried to sip down 3 spoonfulls, my coworker and I both decided it wasn't worth eating.  I've had some bad "Hot and Sour" soup, but this was among the worst!  Meanwhile, the Egg Drop soup, though easier to swallow, had an odd smokey flavor to the broth that really didn't taste good with the egg and other ingredients.  Still, we were able to work through it, unlike the Hot and Sour before it. Then, the entrees came...complete with egg rolls and sweet and sour sauce for dipping.  Once again, I had to glance at the sign on the wall to make sure I was still in a THAI establishment, as this also seemed eerily like fast-food Chinese in nature.  Luckily, the eggrolls were flaky, tasty and small enough that they didn't steal attention away from the entrees themselves.  Digging into the main courses, we found the yellow curry to be completely overloaded with large slices of red and green bell peppers.  There were easily more bell peppers than there were a sum of all the other ingredients combined!  Unfortunately, the strong presence of the bell peppers, especially the red ones, took over the taste of the dish entirely and made it far less enjoyable than either of us had hoped for.  The Pad Thai we ordered was also a mild disappointment.  Once again, while made of quality ingredients and looking appropriate on the plate with scallions, sprouts and crushed peanuts, it turned out to be very sweet...too much so.  The mid-level spice didn't help, either.  It was edible, but, coming from a guy who has eaten Pad Thai more than a thousand times in both the U.S. and South Asia, I can say that it was far from normally sweet.  Still, we managed to finish and our wallets weren't complaining too badly when we left.  Will we or our wallets return?  Unlikely.  Thai House at Southern Ave. and Power Rd. is a 5-minute drive down the US-60 from Thai Chili and well worth the extra time and gas if good quality Thai is what you crave.
5	Love there food and friendly staff.Tried something new today... shrimp & scallops in their peanut sauce with noodles and it was good. I like that the shrimp and scallops were big and not baby ones like other places.We try to go for lunch at least once a week cause they have great lunch specials but today we order from their dinner menu to try something different.
4	Thai Chili is located in a dying shopping center, and is frequently the only reason I will enter it. Their lunch deals are the best. $6.95 for every item and it includes salad and a small egg roll. The dinner menu has a huge seleciton and prices include choice of chicken, pork or beef. You can add shrip for $3.00.Nearly every time I go in I have a coupon. They sometimes have a deal on Living social or I go to another coupon site when I can buy them for 80% off. Thai Chili offers delivery and take out services. Please note that coupons are not allowed for either of these. You have to eat in restaurant to be able to utilize a coupon.The servers are nice, and I would rate all of their servers as either fair or good. Only once or twice have I thought service was excellent, hence the 4 of 5 stars. There is an Asian female server who speaks with a very understandable accent. She takes care of you, but can be a little abbrasive, so if you get her you were warned.You have a choice as to how spicey you would like your dish. 1-10, with 5 apparently being a jalapeno. I always order a 1, my boyfriend likes a 3. They usually don't take too long to cook your food. Also, don't bother asking to talk to a manager because they won't let you, unless you know the managers name.
4	Solid inexpensive Thai place.  Tasty.  Casual and FAST.I work right by here, so it's a go-to for a quick lunch or dinner.I am IN LOVE with the Spicy Eggplant with chicken or pork.That eggplant literally melts in your mouth.  I SO recommend this dish, even if you're not a huge eggplant fan.It is a tad on the greasy side, but sometimes you just NEED the grease.Be careful with the spicy levels.I tend to like things really hot, but even a 7 was a bit much for me.
5	Wow- I'm pretty selective with a 5 star, so you know I mean it. This place was amazing. Pad Thai, Curry Salmon, a couple of tofu dishes that I can't remember now- but all SO GOOD. So much flavor in these dishes I even enjoyed the tofu, and I'm a carnivore who tends to avoid spongy substances. The flavor was that good!  I'm even giving this 5 stars with the slow service- it was THAT GOOD. We literally took the last two tables, and we were split up. However, they do take reservations, so live and learn. Call first. I can't wait to go here again, or even get take out. So. Good.
3	I've been here a few times for lunch and the place has some good deals. I've tried the eggplant and the pad thai. I really enjoyed the eggplant dish. I like my food pretty spicy and Thai Chili really knows how to turn up the heat! I got a 10/10 and it really hit the spot. A lot of places don't seem to cook the eggplant quite long enough, but thai chili did a really good job. That is probably my favorite thing to eat there!The pad thai isn't one of my favorites. It's a decent meal for lunch. I got a 9/10 which is just spicy enough for me without burning a hole in my stomach. I would say the flavor just isn't really "authentic" or what I might be used to. The noodles have a bit too much sauce on them for me. The service is usually great. Water is always filled, friendly people, fast service. Overall, I'd say this place is decent to eat but not the best thai I've ever had.
5	Thai Chili in Gilbert,  AZ Cares about allergies, including Gluten.  Their food is absolutely Delicious!  They do not up charge for GLUTEN FREE!  They will work hard to customize whatever you desire in order to take special precautions with allergies!!!
5	Ok, so after several years as a yelper this is just my second review. I lack the time to comment on hardly any of the places I visit. (plus I hardly stray away from my norms) Thai Chili is the best meal that I can honestly remember having. Perhaps a bit of it had to do with the beautiful woman sitting across from me but I had such an amazing dinner. Sat quickly, food was brought out amazingly fast, service was awesome, great ambiance, and the food.... Wow! Drunken noodles @ a level 5 was perfect. Wifey had the mango curry @ level 2 and it was also great. (not as good as mine though ;)) Owners were more than willing to chat and really get what customer service is all about. Oh yeah, and the homemade coconut ice cream....crazy good.
4	This place is super tasty. A good find. Their spicy level is a little hotter than I am used to. I went with a 4 and almost burned my lips off. Super delicious pad thai with shrimp and the green curry is awesome. I would definitely go back
1	Okay, Thai Chili owners.  Please prove me wrong.I'm very disappointed in Thai Chili management.I have had okay food and service here, but my friend has had 3 or 4 bad experiences in a row with no effort to remedy their mistakes.But I like their food, they're close by my office, so I talked her into going with me again, even though she swore she would never go.I specifically told the waitress to treat my friend like a princess because she has had several bad service experiences here, and she's kind of trying it out again on my request and referral.My friend ordered "Pad See Iew" with beef.The waitress read back "Pad See Iew" with beef.We all heard her say "Pad See Iew" with beef.And what comes out? (very slowly, and my friend was the last to get hers, btw)Pad Thai.And literally the waitress was like "Didn't you say Pad Thai?"No! And neither did you!The mistake is not that big of a deal.  She seemed pretty ditzy.But the complete lack of management of the mistake is just inexcusable.All she did was just say "Sorry, I thought you said Pad Thai".Um.....There's no manager and no owner to take care of these kind of situations?Offer to comp a few free meals?  Give any kind of gesture to make up for their (seriously stupid) mistakes?My friend had described 3 other instances like this, but I didn't really believe it until I saw it with my own eyes.The way this was not managed gives me the feeling that the owners don't really care how the restaurant is being run, and that they are not that interested in customer service.Even though I like the food, I won't be coming back unless I really see some kind of effort to improve their management.There are lots of other Thai places within a couple mile radius, and I will be patronizing them from now on.
5	I love Thai food!!! They have the best Yellow Cury Arround and a Great Lunch Special!Try them all! The spring rolls are good! Very Flexible on Making things Gluten Free and Veg Friendly! Love the Staff and Owner they are sweet and take good care of us. They also have a good Rewards Program to keep you comming back!
5	Love this place! pad thai and spicy eggplant are amazing. plenty of vegetarian options. we go there for lunch all the time because their lunch special is bomb! egg roll, rice, entree, and soup or salad for 7$ of deliciousness!!!
4	We yelped this place looking for solid Thai food and were impressed. The mango curry was poetry. Run, go now, while mangoes are in season.  Beau had a lovely beef brisket curry concoction. We'll try the lunch specials next time and will be sure to order the salads as other yelpers suggest.  Also want to try the Thai soups this winter, our real bellweather of Thai cuisine. Who knew this place was so close to our beloved "Happy Feet"?
5	My wife and I found Thai Chili doing a Yelp review a while back. We LOVE this place! The food is well prepared. The Red Curry Chicken is one of our favorites! Their lunch portions are very filling and we also love the Dumpling Appetizers!Try the Pad Pring Pao for a different twist. I'm telling you this food is awesome!You ca also ask for no rice and extra vegetables so you can keep that Atkins thing goin'!Go in and Ask for Mai the waitress, we love Mai!Enjoy!
5	Both myself and my family love this place. The two times we have gone were for special occasions (birthdays). It's really hard for us to try out a new place for something as important as a birthday, but the first time we came it was amazing. Not only was my vegetarian and highly picky mother able to find something that she A) Loved and B) Had never had before, but the service was really excellent . The atmosphere is great, their dishes are so good, better than any of the Thai food restaurants I've had in the Valley (which is saying something because I have eaten at a lot of Thai places around here). I would highly recommend the Larb Tofu (the dish my Mom loves), and the Yellow Curry. Sooo good!
4	Okay, Thai Chili owners.  Thanks for responding to my yelp complaint.I really hope that the management atmosphere keeps improving.UPDATE:The owners contacted me and offered to make it right, and I did take them up on it (I mean, I was having spicy eggplant withdrawal!!!), but my friend is still just not ready to take that chance.I am pretty regular over there when I'm working in Phoenix (less than a block from my office), so I'm glad to know that the management is listening and doesn't just let mistakes (multiple mistakes) go unchecked.Thanks again, Thai Chili owners for extending your care!It is most appreciated!
5	What a gem find! Really friendly service off the bat! Teh food was great...I mean REALLY great. What I liked most was that all of the dishes can be made without sugar (I'm diabetic) and also with a heat scale of 1-10...for EVERYTHING on the menu. We had a Thai Fresh Roll to start with that was really good...and fresh as stated. I had Thai Sizzling Beef that was a HUGE portion and tasted fantastic. I really loved it. Thsi wil be added to my regular rotation.
5	Have lived within walking distance for 9 months and just made it in! I am so sorry we waited.For lunch they have $7 specials which include a small starter salad and an egg roll. I had the pad Thai and my husband had fried rice. Both were so good! I did a spice level of 4 and it was hot! I would caution starting low and addMore if needed since you can't take spice out lol! I also had Thai ice tea which was good but $3. I thought that was overpriced by a buck.Most Thai places don't charge that much.they also have a frequent visit card buy 4 get 1 free!Overall we will be back often !
4	Made a dinner visit this time. The place was a lotBusier , so if you have a large party I suggest get there early or call ahead andSee if they will take a reservation. It took longer for them to take our order and they werent as attentiveI chose the pad Thai again and it was very good , andTo my surprise my husband picked the duck.That of course took a little extra time to cook.I managed to get a bite or two of his duck andIt was very good. I remember the last time I had duck and it was muchMore greasy and fatty so Thai Chili did it right!As you know, yelp offers deals periodically and there happened to be one For Thai Chili that night. It was only for $5 dollars off but hey every penny Counts these days. The place also has a rewards program. The staff told me I don't get ANY rewards with any kind of coupons.I thought um?!?! It's not like a groupon where you pay $20, get  $20 free.....It was only $5 bucks.  And there was no verbage on the yelp deal re: reward points, I mean I still spent money right?!?! So here's theMath: 26.00 total bill minus $5 yelp coupon = $21.00 spent and ZERORewards.I'm just saying
5	Excellent food generous portions and the service was fantastic I'm very  impressed with this little restaurant
5	I love the Beef Panang is the best I have had it else where and it just isn't the same it is soooooo much better here. The spring rolls are great big and the filling you can actually taste. My husband orders the pad thai noodles and he says they are great and some of the best he has had. Even better they always have coupon and deals you can get. Can't use the restaurant.com certificates any more though but still lots of coupons. I am going there tonight and can't wait.
4	DELICIOUS! We adore Thai food and try a new Thai restaurant any chance we get. After reading Yelp reviews we decided to try Thai Chili tonight. There was a good sized crowd, but not a wait at 7pm on a Friday, that was a plus. Our waiter, Ray, took great care of us without being over bearing. I got the vegetarian curry and my fiance' ordered the Shrimp Chu Chi, both were fabulous. I ordered mine at a hot level 3 and it was HOT, his was a 4 a FIRE HOT...luckily we like hot foods. But, I beware of the 1 to 10 hot scale, those low numbers are still very hot! Note that if you order brown rice instead of the white jasmine rice there is an additional $2 charge. They are upfront about the fee, but seriously? $2 for RICE? That didn't dampen my spirits but did make me wonder where else they might try to gouge me, but they didn't.Entrees are reasonably priced at about $10 to $15 each. We were fortunate to get a Yelp $15 for $10 deal. We also joined their 'club' so the next time we get 20% off. We will return!
4	I heard that Thai Chili was good but I never got around to trying it until this week. And I gotta say they were right! I love the fact that you can order it as spicy as you want (or as mild as you want for you whimps)  and that they had a few vegetarian options, not just 1. I will be back.... I may even become a regular!
4	Had a little party at a friends house.  He ordered Thai Chili, for delivery (out of the delivery window).  Not only did they deliver farther than usual, it was the owner who brought it.  GREAT FOOD!  EVERYTHING was awesome.  Not as spicy (5) as may have expected, but was really really good!
5	This is absolutely one of my favorite restaurants period.  But also is definitely my favorite Thai restaurant and I LOVE Thai and have tried many different places.  I crave their Red Curry or Pineapple Curry - TO DIE FOR!  I usually get a level 4 or 5 spice and it's quite heated.  Also the Thai fresh rolls and Pad Thai are great picks.  You've gotta try this if you love Thai, spicy food and unique flavors.  Prices are very reasonable also.
4	We didn't have to ask for the lunch salad, and the service was really good despite it being crazy busy for a Monday at 1:30pm where they were clearly not expecting a late lunch rush. Pad thai was pretty decent, we've had worse and we've had better, though I wasn't crazy for the crispy chicken and plum sauce. It wasn't bad, though! I don't know that there was anything wrong with it, I was just trying something new and decided it wasn't my fave. I'll try a curry or the panang next time based on reviews, because our experience was good enough to come back for sure. Oh, the Thai Iced Coffee was the best I've had!
5	Thai Chili is our favorite Thai place in the East Valley. Their food is amazing and their prices are very reasonable. We've gone for both lunch and dinner and have been very happy. We've taken several friends and family members to share you amazing discovery. Sometimes there is a little wait but it is well worth it and the service is great.
5	Great spot for fellow vegetarians! I had the vegetable rolls app and the vegetable curry and both were very fresh and full of flavor!  I LOVE that they have online ordering for take-out too. (Use promo code NEWGRUBR for $5 your first online order over $10.)
4	This restaurant is a great value and has good service. My wife and I came here for lunch and we both got full for $15 and some change before leaving a tip. We both got lunch specials that started off with egg drop soup. The egg drop soup had peas and carrots and corn in it, which is different but still did nothing for me.  For our entrees I got a red curry chicken dish and my wife got an eggplant dish with tofu that she read good things about. When you order they have you rate how spicy you want your food on a scale of 1 to 10. We both requested a level 6 out of 10 spiciness. The dishes came in a short amount of time with one small egg roll each, some sweet and sour sauce on the side, and some white rice. The egg rolls were ok. So far I wasn't impressed but then I tasted the entree and was pleased. My red curry had great curry and coconut flavor to it with just the right amount of spice. The vegetables were fresh and crisp. The chicken was just a little dry but it was all white meat so that is probably why. My wife's eggplant and tofu dish was great too. The tofu was not deep fried (which I like) and it had just the right texture and firmness to it. Normally i don't like tofu but this was good. The sauce was very tasty and different.  The eggplant was very well done. It is easy to screw up eggplant but this was just right. It wasn't bitter like eggplant can be sometimes and it wasn't too soft or mushy. The vegetables in this dish were equally as good as the ones in my dish. My wife's dish seemed hotter than mine but that is probably because of the coconut milk in my dish masking the heat. I would probably back off to a number 5 or even 4 spiciness on dishes without coconut milk in the future. When we paid our tiny bill we learned about their rewards program where your fifth entree is free! This is great. This is the first sit down restaurant with waiter service that I have heard of that has a reward card. It is a great value and we are already half way to a free entree! Sign me up for that!
4	What a great find! Everything I get here is great! It's spicier than other Thai places...so get the spicy level a few notches down. I can handle spicy...but a 5 was insane. Get a 3 to be safe. There is a waitress here that is wonderful and I wish I had her name. Helpful and very funny! This is in a strip mall and looks like nothing from the outside...but please check it out! They play great 80's music and do serve wine and beer. It's worth checkin out!
5	Awesome!  However, check your ego at the door if you think you are a spice head.  It is hot!  I took the advise of the server and dialed it down a bit. Perfect.
5	I live nearby, and I visit Thai Chili every couple of weeks. The staff are polite, friendly and fast, the food is reasonably priced, tasty, and if you ask nicely, hot enough to melt your brain. A 6/10 is noticeably spiced, an 8/10 will leave your lips tingling for the better part of an hour, and I've never been brave enough to ask for a 10/10.Their daily specials are good. If you get a chance, try the steamed white fish with ginger, mushrooms and green onions. Very good stuff.
5	We love Thai Chili, and we've been fond of thai food for quite some time but rarely do we find a place we could eat at several times a week. We've been here for both dinner and lunch and are never disappointed. Delivery is also always excellent. Lunch specials are great and come with salad in the summer time and soup in the winter, both are excellent. The salad dressing is a homemade pineapple dressing that is so good we actually buy it by the bottle and use it at home. The staff is amazing and most of them know us by name and are never shy to stop and chat with us. Service is always excellent and we never want for anything. The atmosphere is great for dinner, low lighting and very romantic. The food here is unbelievable and unbelievably spicy! I read some other reviews for here that talk about the spice levels and they aren't kidding. I love that the chef makes all her own sauces and will never share the recipe making them wholly her own. This is  family owned restaurant and its obvious by the quality. We've tried several dishes from here, some of our favorites are the Sa-te chicken, thai spring roll and combo appetizers are all awesome. Main dishes we love the green, yellow, and penang curries, all full flavored and the ingredients always fresh. Other favorites include the spicy eggplant, drunken noodles and the crispy chicken with spicy plum sauce are fantastic. Gotta get the homemade coconut ice cream with crushed peanuts for dessert too. Overall, service and food- amazing. Price- well worth what you get, we always take food home for seconds. If you aren't in the mood to dine in try their take out or delivery, you won't be disappointed- they never skimp on portions.
5	Favorite place ever! My boyfriend and I eat here at least once a week. It always hits the spot. My faves are the Pad Siew, Shrimp and Scallops in Peanut Sauce and Beef Panang (I get it with Chicken). The boyfriend loves Pad Prig Pow, Ginger Delight and Spicy Eggplant. They are right on. I'm a wimp, so I don't add spice a spice level. Every once in awhile I try new dishes and they are always good. He gets a 2 or 3 and with that I can't drink enough water to handle it. Great staff, amazing chef, nice decor, great food to eat in or carry out. It's always hard to find a great place with all the options, when we started going to Thai Chili, we do not get Thai food anywhere else.
5	Finally found my Thai place! Great food, decent prices and a rewards card for regulars?! Sweet. Found this place last week, ate there 3 times already, love it!
5	We have been searching for good Thai food in Mesa and finally we found it!  The curry is amazing and the beef is amazing!  We tried a dish with delicious peanut sauce over beef and vegetables and now I can't stop thinking about it.  This place will definitely become our regular spot.  We can't wait to try more on the menu!
5	It's funny because I have to agree with another user whose comment was (of course!) filtered. I couldn't of said it better myself, so I'll just repost what this user said. It must be nice to be so busy that you stop serving regulars (My husband and I also tipped well, ordered 3x month, and always recommended people, wrote great reviews etc). As a business owner myself I'm very disappointed in their brush-off answer every time any customers have brought this point up. "Thanks for the feedback we are working on it...." for a year? Please. Used to be my favorite delivery, carry out, Thai, go-to restaurant. Now I won't be back until they change their delivery policies. And 3 miles is NOT the industry standard folks. Previous Yelper: "Very inconsistent with their delivery policies. We used to order twice a month and tip the driver generously. We often would buy an extra dish to take to work the next day. The food is/was outstanding. We live 3 & 3/4 miles away. They changed their delivery policy and said that we were out of range. Then, we called a few days later and they said it was okay. Thinking that the first refusal was just a fluke, we had some friends over, enjoyed a bottle of wine and planned to have a great meal from Thai Chili delivered. We called them for our regular delivery and were told that the manager on duty would not allow the driver to deliver to our area. Our neighbors told us that they never had a problem ordering for delivery.It depends on who's working whether you can get delivery. This sucks. It makes it impossible to plan an evening in. We are done with this place. I get that they need a range of delivery, but the inconsistency has left a sour taste in our mouth."UPDATE: They've since changed their delivery policy back to their original parameters which was overdue and a nice change. Happy to be getting our Thai Chili fix again each month....delivered of course!
5	This is the easiest review I've ever had to write!The food was amazing. And I can say that after having attempted to eat some of every option at one sitting!The staff is considerate, friendly, and knowledgeable about the menu.Over 50% of the people in the restaurant were regulars, greeted by name by the staff.  I love when I see that level of return business at a local spot!And best of all, I reached the waddling state of fullness for much less money than I expected!The final feather in Thai Chili's cap? My husband, who had never had Thai food (and didn't think he'd like it) has requested to eat there again! Woohoo!
5	During our monthly mani-pedis at Nail EnV (the best, by the way), my aunt and I were discussing where we should go for dinner.  As we frequent this nail shop quite often, the manicurists tend to chime in on our conversations, something we don't mind because we've gotten to know them quite well over time.  We were discussing Thai food and searching Yelp for a place that seemed worth trying when one of the guys says, "Why don't you go where Karen's husband works?"  Apparently, Karen, one of our manicurists' husband works as a cook at Thai Chili.  Sounds good to us, so we finished up with lovely nails and headed out.All the reviews said beware of the spice factor, so we were careful when we ordered our soup.  Turns out, we needn't be cautious.  I like spicy and a 5 was spicy, but still tolerable.  I probably could have gone higher, but I wanted to make sure I'd still taste my food.  Not being all that familiar with Thai food, outside of Pad Thai, I wasn't sure what to order.  Lucky for me, my aunt knows her way around the menu.  She got something in a green curry that had coconut milk and I don't know what else, but it was really good.  I wasn't sure what to expect when I tasted hers, but I was in.  I ordered something that I can't remember the name of, but it was pork in peanut sauce with vegetables.  It was wonderful and I can't wait to try this place again!  I wish we had room to try some of the desserts, but we were well on our way to stuffed when we left.  I can't wait to take my boyfriend in for a taste of this place!
5	After ordering Take Out on Friday, my fiance and I HAD to go back on Sunday. The food is delicious. After our meal our server recognized us and asked us about our experience and was delighted to hear that we couldn't stay away from this amazing Thai restaurant. The restaurant participates in a 'rewards' type of program (order X amount of food get y% off) and after asking us what we had ordered a few days before added that meal amount to our new rewards account.Phenominal customer service.Great foodCute cute cute little restaurant, and clean!Will 100% be making Thai Chili a regular in our rotation.Oh, and they deliver too!
4	Thoroughly enjoyed date night with the wife here. Had the Yellow Curry w/ Chicken & my wife had the Spicy Calamari. The only reason I didn't give 5 stars is that our food took awhile. However, when it came, it was absolutely delicious!
3	To sum up in one sentence: "I only go to Thai Chili as often as I do because it's literally a 2-minute walk from my office, in the next building over."And that's about I'd say....once a month or once every other month.I was here when this place first opened, and it was really GREAT - AT FIRST.Then the service got really really horrible - with them screwing up my order 3 consecutive visits in a row, and refusing to do anything but say "sorry...", and when I finally got frustrated and asked them if they'll at least comp my plate, the server was like, "No...the owners are here so I can't do that, but I'll give you free ice cream."When I got really frustrated and my Elite Yelper buddy saw this in action the third time, she wrote a really long review about how she was shocked at their lack of management. Then Thai Chili responded on Yelp, and I think honestly, they've improved their service since.But the funny thing is, now that their service is better, their food doesn't taste as great...And the portions keep getting smaller.But all in all, the food tastes okay, now the service is okay....although I went back today and they took like 20 minutes to bring out my food when there were only 2 other groups there, I'll let that one slide. So all of the little annoyances aside, if I need a quick bite to grab and don't feel like having a Subway sandwich, it's good enough.
1	Open sign on... Hours says open... I walk in 15 min til 3 and I'm greeted with "we're closed". Rude! They just lost a customer.
5	This is one of our favorite restaurants in Gilbert.  I love the curries, especially the green curry.  My wife raves about the Pad Siew and Pad Thai.  I recently discovered Thai Sizzling Beef and might have found a new favorite.  Everything I've tried is wonderful. The people there are very nice and helpful and remember my name since I've become a relatively regular visitor.  Warning - I like pretty hot food and ordering a heat of about 3 is enough for me.  At times a 3 is a little mild and at times it is a little bit of a challenge.  I think this is testament to the fresh ingredients (sometimes chilis are hotter and sometimes milder).  LOVE this place!
4	Went to try the lunch special today and was doing a "Happy Dance" in my chair. I got the yellow curry with chicken # 3 with the spice level 7. And the curry was spicy and sweet at the same time. I loved it.  The egg roll was veggie ( just ok for me) but my Jazzy liked it.   I would defiantly go back for MORE...  Can't go wrong for $6.95 for lunch and its actually filling and Good !!!!
5	I ate here with a group of five. We all loved it and left stuffed. I am craving the Tom kha gai soup so much I am going to attempt to make it myself. I live in Las Vegas but when we go down to visit family again, I plan on eating there. Kudos to the worker who loved my shirt "I am silently correcting your grammar". She was having a bad day, but was a great waitress.
1	Ordered delivery from here I've had better noodles in a cup!  Horrible food!  The best thing I'll say I's customer service was great
5	Considering that I find a lot of the restaurants in the Gilbert area on the bland side, I am delighted with the quality of food at Thai Chili! Their dishes are always freshly prepared, very flavorful, with friendly and attentive staff. I have been going there since they have opened and their food and service is consistently great. The roast duck is always wonderful, never gamey tasting or greasy with crisp skin. Pricing is reasonable, too.
4	Love the food here!  I think they have the best fried rice ever, and love that the vegetables and meat are large pieces and not chopped into teeny pieces.  I almost always get the Mussaman Curry and it's some of the best I've ever had.  My second favorite is the sizzling beef, although last time I had carry out the meat was tough and way overcooked.They handle special orders with no problem, although every addition costs $$.  They used to run a spice scale of 1-10 with 5 being comparable to jalapenos, but have since changed it to a 1-5 scale with 3 being the old 5.  My biggest complaint here is that twice now they've reversed the spiciness of the dishes ordered.  Once when I ate in my curry had no spice and my friends had so much spice she couldn't eat it.  Of course they fixed the problem for us right away.  The second time it happened was a carry-out order and it was too much of a hassle to return for the correct items.  Can't see why this should be so difficult to get right.They have a discount card of sorts, accumulate points based on dollars spent and then earn $10 off a purchase.  I also recently received a 20% email for being in their "loyalty program for a year".  I'll be back soon!
4	Great food! Fresh ingredients and flavor! Maybe a little better selection on desserts...
4	Good food, friendly staff, clean and modern decor.
5	Best Thai in Gilbert! Very friendly staff and owner.
5	Thai Chili is a hidden gem in Gilbert. I have been to Thailand a few times and love the food honestly this is the most authentic I have found in the US and haven't had a bad meal here. Some of my favorites are the crispy chicken with plum sauce and the sticky rice.Lets talk about the handmade coconut ice cream. Holy moley it is amazing. You cant not have a scoop made in house. When mango is in season the stickey rice with ice cream and mango, cant go wrong. Just try this place. You will just as in love as the rest f us.
5	This was my first time here.....fantastic chicken red curry DELISH!!! Best I ever recall tasting. Thank you!
2	Originally, I would have rated them five stars because I thought their food was awesome.  At the time, I was nine months pregnant (eight months ago).  So, about three months ago I tried ordering for delivery, the guy answered the phone, said they were closing soon and to order quickly.  I understood but didn't want bummed out food that was made in a hurry.  So, I ordered Chinese instead from a restaurant near me. Now today, my husband and I were totally craving this place.  We called to make an order for delivery and the guy said they were closing at 3pm and I can not order.  ALSO, he said they no longer deliver or do carryout as well.. so I wouldn't have been able to order anyway. That knocked off two stars.  A restaurant that closes early and is strictly dine in only.  After that whole mess each time ordering, I will not be attempting to order from them again.  I will not be coming back at all, so not worth the frustration. I ordered from Papaya Thai instead.
3	We've been looking for a Thai place in Mesa, so since the reviews and rating for Thai Chili were quite good we decided to give it a try. We ordered the spring rolls,  Woon Sen soup, Pad Thai and Pad Siew. Spring rolls were huge and very tasty. The soup was delicious. This soup was comparable to my favorite Thai restaurant's. The Pad Thai was tasty but a little dry and lacked some overall flavor. The Pad Siew was spicy, but it was also sweet. Good balance; only problem was lack of vegetables. There was just too much noodle to broccoli for me. We weren't overly impressed, but we might have found a decent Mesa Thai spot. We will have to go back again and see. One thing I'll tell you though, nothing beats Yupha's in Tempe.
5	I love Thai Chili. Everything I have had here is delicious and spiced to perfection. The pad Thai, duck curry, and Thai tea are awesome. Service is always really good too.
4	Thai chilli is definetly the best Thai Restaurant in the valley. We have tried varies thai locations and the food is top notch like no other. I love the choices of the hottness ob ur dish from 1-10. The BBQ chicken is the best n definetly a large portion
5	Met my match. When asked "how hot" and gave me numerical option 1-5, I asked "how hot can you go?". "Fifty" was the response. You learn from your mistakes. Be a hero and ask for fifty. I cried... In font of my children.... That's how hot that is.
5	I'm a big Thai food fan and am pretty picky when it comes to Thai restaurants. When I saw that Thai Chili was so close to me after I moved to the area, I was excited to try it. When I finally did, I realized I hadn't tasted Thai food this delicious since I lived in Boston several years ago. The staff is always friendly and the space is small and intimate so it'll never get too loud. On top of all that, every dish is delicious. Some restaurants may drown their entrees in sauces or the like but these guys definitely let the flavors do their jobs. Thai Chili is always on my mind when going out to eat or taking out.
5	This place is fantastic. I've been to a few Thai places this is number two favorite behind a tiny joint in Silverton, Oregon. The curry, not runny, just a little thick like it should be! 4 of us for 4 different dishes and ranted and raved about all 4! Thumbs down to the wonton soup, but two thumbs up to everything else, including the prices. Good portions, you can request the level of heat of your spicy foods. What more could you want? We did have to wait longer than I would've liked for our food, but it was custom made to the heat and SO worth the wait. Five stars. Definitely try it. We are so glad we did. In fact my husband and I decided this is our new date spot every week until further notice. We want to try everything on the menu.Don't forget to try the coconut ice cream made in house!
3	Holy Hot!! I ordered the Drunken Noodles and requested a 7 out of 10 on the spicy scale & my mouth was on fire!! To think I almost got an 8!! Wow! Love it!! The portions were plentiful but I still had to order dessert, STICKY RICE!!! MMMMMMMMMMMMM! So good....
5	I didn't want to rate this place because I didn't want anyone else to know about it! The food here is FANTASTIC. The wait staff are INCREDIBLE, extremely helpful, and funny, too! This is the best Thai food I've had in 20 years. The place is tucked back into a shopping center - I've passed by this place a hundred times and never knew it was there. It's absolutely worth looking for. We can't wait to eat there again!Be careful, however - they have some dishes that are HOT. Make sure you tell them how you want it.
4	I've been here a few times. The food is tasty and spicy comparable to Swadee Thai, or even better. I've ordered Pad Thai, catfish with chili sauce and duck in curry (Gung ped Yang. All three dishes were delicious. I'm pretty picky with my thai food and I think this place does a great job with them. Service is great. They gave us a complimentary dessert because we had to wait a little longer for a dish. A typical Friday night expect about 15-20 minutes wait. The place is very cozy with cute decor. Prices are decent. I will make this my frequent dinning place when I'm craving some spicy Thai food!
4	This place has some pretty decent Thai food. I wouldn't  it the best (hence the 4 stars) but it will definitely work when I'm craving some Thai. Their curries are decent. They have a pretty large menu. The prices are great at lunch time. My issue is with the spicyness. I love spicy food, but the curry is always WAY too spicy for my son. I mean, I tell them to make it as mild as possible and it still had a pretty decent kick. I would love to share Thai food with him because he's open and eager to try new foods, but there's no way. The second beef I have with them is I've called ahead for pickup and arrived at the quoted time and still had to wait 20+ minutes in a crowded restaurant. I'd much rather wait at home and come at the right time.All in all, I say give this place a shot! It's good!
5	I've been to this place twice within an week and the food is delicious abd authentic..... I love the Thai Fried rice, the spring rolls are a must, and everything's spiced go perfection.
4	Thai Chili is a great, reliable neighborhood spot for good Thai food. Their rewards card is exceptional-- a free lunch for every four lunches purchased! Any other place takes 10 purchases for a free meal.Service is exceptional here too. The waitstaff is fast, nice and competent. The manager is ridiculously friendly. I'm kind of a b so I have hard time understanding how someone could be so pleasant all day long.I've been here enough to know what to focus on and what to avoid. Thankfully, the pad thai is great here, and I would get it every week if it was calorie-free. You can't go wrong with the curries either. I got the green curry tofu on my last visit, and it was so delicious. The lunch portion is very generous, and I was able to get two meals out of it. The spicy eggplant dish is another winner. I wouldn't get the drunken noodles again though. They weren't that flavorful, and they all stuck together.The sticky rice with mango had a similar problem; it all just globbed together. I've had better versions at other Thai places.All in all, this is one of your best options in the area if you want delicious food from a locally owned business. Avoid those chain restaurants at Dana Park!
4	It was a raining Saturday night and I was cold to the bone and wanted a warm bowl of curry to fill my tummy, I have driven by Thai Chili a few times and that night it was beckoning me to come on in, so I went!What a cute little place, love the feel of it. It's very clear that they do a lot of to go business, the call in orders & people coming and going were nonstop. Right off the bat I ordered some Thai tea, I love that stuff and it was perfectly sweet just the way I like it! Also ordered Sa-Te Chicken, it's really the peanut sauce I am after, that stuff is amazing, the chicken has always been a afterthought to me when I ordered that in the past at other places, but this time, the chicken was the main star, it was perfectly cooked and the seasoning, omg the flavor was amazing, almost shameful to put the peanut sauce on it. I was torn, I would bath in the peanut sauce if I could, but I didn't want anything to deter the flavor of the chicken, but in the end the peanut sauce happened.For the main dish I went with the Mussamun curry, I have to say out of all the curries, Mussamun is my favorite and it was what I craving on this cold night. It had great flavors, the chicken potatoes, carrots all perfectly cooked it was creamy orange and just heaven in the belly!! I also ordered it Thai Hot, whenever I got to a new place I just jump right to Thai Hot, the hotter the better for me, the waitress told me that's like habanero hot, and I told her to bring it!! When my dish arrived, you could visually see it was spicy, and after a few bites in my eyes were watering, SO SO GOOD!!! Then the waitress comes back to our table and tells me that their heat table goes to ten and that Thai Hot is around a 6,,,ooohhhhh oooommmmgggggg I need to try and 8 next time! Great little find, everyone was so very friendly, I enjoyed this place and look forward to coming back
5	Spicy deliciousness. Fresh and tasty, every time. My favorite Thai restaurant.
5	For the relatively small size of the restaurant, Thai Chili really goes above and beyond what you'd expect in terms of decor, cleanliness, customer service, and obviously food.After coming here probably a dozen times for both carry out and dine in, I can confidently say that they deliver consistent quality, and make you leave wanting more. It's always been busy on my visits, no matter the day, but the employees still take the time to make sure you understand the food, let you customize your meal if you wish, and even thank you for your business.Despite their volume of customers, I've even been called by my name when I've visited; really showcasing their dedication to their customers.I love that they offer online ordering and that the system even offers the ability to add and remove ingredients from any dish; woohoo! For most dishes you specify the spiciness from 1 to 5, and you usually choose whether you want chicken, beef, tofu, shrimp, etc. The possibilities for vegetables and proteins really make the dish your own, and combined with some of their scratch made sauces, this Thai food stands out among the dozens of Thai options in the Valley.If you're a fan of Thai noodles, I'd really recommend their signature Pad Thai. Not only is the portion enough to make two meals, but the piping hot dish is packed with the perfect amount of spice, letting the bite from the onions and the crunch and nuttiness from the cashews shine through. The meat has always been tender and juicy. Their homemade Thai sauce is killer, and when you get to the bottom of your plate, it's not soaking in grease like some other Thai restaurants.Don't stop there, all of their stir-fried entrees are worthy and their curries (try the massaman) are amazingly rich, creamy, spicy hot, and comforting.If you're in the area, go here, no question. Even if you're not in the area and are looking for Thai food, make the journey here. It's conveniently located and offers a huge selection at really reasonable prices.
4	Just moved to Val Vista and Warner, Was pleasantly surprised when i found out that a Thai food placed delivered to my new house. So i did what any Thai food fanatic would do, I ordered up the Chicken Pad Thai and a Red Curry because i wanted to try them both. I called, placed the order and 25 minutes later the order was delivered directly to my house. The pad Thai was AWESOME and the red curry was AWESOME! My life is complete now that i live in an area where Thai food delivers, will definitely be ordering A LOT.
4	Pretty yummy food with a decent price and atmosphere. My favorite is green curry and steamed rice :)
4	Hey I asked for a 7 on the 1-5 scale and it was nice and super spicy. Got to like a place that is willing to "warm up" my food for me. I had the wontons and Chu Chee dish and they were great.
5	Love this place! I'd been told by my east office coworkers that Thai Chili had great food but it wasn't until the fabulous Monica O suggested that we try it a few weeks ago that I discovered how great it really is! Their Thai tea is perfectly sweet, the best I've had! Their customer service is quick and friendly, and the place is busy with one customer after another coming in for take out. I shared some SaTe chicken with the most amazing peanut sauce, and ordered the pumpkin curry with white rice at Thai hot. Holy heat, did they mean business! With every bite the temperature seem to increase, it was like getting a hot and spicy hug from the inside! It was so good but so filling that I took home leftovers, needless to say they didn't make it to the next day and were finished off a few hours later! I've been in a couple more times for tea and will definitely be back to eat! They offer a 5% off "check in" discount and have buy one get one half off coupons on their to go menu. Bring on the heat, I'm ready to Thai some more!
4	Went to thai chilli last nite for the first time. A friend suggested thai food so we looked up thai food on yelp,  and after reading mostly positive reviews,we found this thai restaurant in tempe close to Hardy and Broadway I think the building number is 510 E Broadway. When we arrived we noticed their was not one customer in the restaurant; so we waited and waited a bit longer. We both thought why isn't any body eating here it was about 6.15 on a Saturday nite. We decieded to seek out another thai restaurant on yelp one with great reviews that's when we found Thai Chilli. I got the Pad Se eww and Egg plant and veggie curry my friend got Pad Se eww with shrimp and shrimp fried rice. The food was very good. The waittress was very likable and attentive. The only thing that stopped it from getting 5 stars is I thought the portions were a little on the small side but not a big deal. And the fact the the use tea bags when you order hot tea, loose tea is always prefered. Other then that this place is delicious I will definetly be back. I'm loooking forward to trying other items off the menu. I recommend Thai Chilli 100%
5	We had this place for the first time tonight. They have great prices and some of the best thai food I've ever had. I was very impressed with their Tom Yum soup and the quality of the food is amazing. We have definitely found our new Thai spot.
5	It's a small place, but clean. The food is delicious. The service is great. The price is fair for what you get. They made the coconut ice cream and it was really good. I haven't found a Thai place this caliber locally, and will definitely be going back.
5	We love this place. There are many thai places around, but this is one of the best. Have had a couple different curries, the pad thai and the pad see ew and all are really delicious. Super friendly staff too.
4	Ate here again last nite. at 5pm. What can I say. I ordered  mushroom soup and vegetable curry. mushroom soup was ok, I liked the broth, however I was disappointed that the only mushrooms in the soup were button mushrooms (the same kind you find at every grocery store, the least expensive ones) I would have thought for $4 for an on the small side bowl of soup they would have used different mushrooms perhaps chanterells, shitaki, or morels or another exotic type of mushroom. The broth was tastey for me anyway could have been more spicy or sour but over all it was fine. My vegetable curry was fine I asked for 41/2 on the spice scale and it really wasent hot or spicy The curry sauce it self was fine. 2nd was they really don't give you a lot of vegetables a few zucchini, a few broccoli florets, and the remainder was sliced(tinned) bamboo shots, onions, and baby corn. and for $10 and vegetables are not expensive. I was expecting more.... They do give you a descent portion of brown rice and they should they charge $2 for it.I would come back the food tastes good and they are very accommodating to vegetarians and vegans and they will ask the chef if they can make what ever it is you might order without MSG. and if they cannot the server will let you know so you can choose if you want it of if you want to change to some thing they can make without MSG. And that is extremely important to me.  Again The server was a middle aged Asian gentleman and he was very friendly and attentive. could not have asked for better service. this time and my prior visit the servers were both exceedingly helpful and attentive. just great.
4	This place would be your good, dependable neighborhood Thai restaurant.  I feel like it's not quite as authentic as Siam Orchid or Tum Nak Thai (both family run by husband/wife cook/wait teams) but they serve up some solid tasty food.They have a good range of vegetarian options -- I seem to always gravitate towards the Mushroom Soup, which is as close to my beloved tom kha gai as I've been able to get since I stopped eating meat.  The Golden Tofu is also pretty good but I sub peanut sauce for the sweet sauce it comes with.  I like their Silver Noodles -- mmm broccoli!  And they actually make a Larb Tofu, which is just alright in my opinion; even though it's been years since I've eaten beef, I think the dish tastes better with it than tofu.  My husband really likes their Beef Panang Curry and Pad Thai with pork.They have good lunch specials, a great rewards program, and very nice staff -- they always remember my name when I come in!  I don't think you'd be disappointed here.
4	Our family has ordered from Thai Chili through Grub Hub for a significant length of time and I would rate this restaurant, before tonight , as the best Thai food in Gilbert.  Tonight was a completely different experience.  Not only was my order incomplete, but the spice level was incorrect. When I called Thai Chili to report their inconsistency a woman ( teenaged girl) answered the phone, snickered at my request to dispute my order, and then proceeded to hang up on me.  This is not the Thai Chili I am familiar with.  The manager did call me back, but my plight went unanswered.  It is disappointing when a good restaurant turns bad.  Grub hub was amazing with their response and I would recommend them to anyone.The next day the manager called again to resolve the issues which was an example of great management.  I am revising my star rating
3	It's been a while since we've been here. Must have new cook. Our meal was not as flavorful. Service was slow. Heat is now measured 1-5 instead of 1-10.
4	Food is great here don't get me wrong . I don't want to come off as racy ... but I'm Asian myself and felt like while I was eating everyone around me was being helped over me. The Asian gal there seemed like she would not help me nor come to my table asking how everything was tasting like everyone else. Love the food but was pretty disappointed in the customer service area ....
1	This is the 1st time in more than 30 years that I visit a restaurant and just because my son was "munching" something from outside the restaurant... My god.... A tiny bag of gold fish!!! We were told that "we had  to put the bag away!!!l" unbelievable, deserves to be at Ripley!! After this event the food was Ok.. We did not leave just because the scene the waitress made was enough.. We did not want to make it worse
4	Their Tom Kha Gai with tofu is very good and the yellow curry w/ tofu (spice level 2) is  super tasty. Plus, I loved the Thai ice tea. And despite being busy, the staff was able to provide prompt service w/ a smile.
5	Great food, great service and never left hungry from the dinner portion. I strongly recommend giving it a shot.
5	Awesome Thai food. Great service with a personal touch. Food is consistently awesome! We love it all from pineapple curry to prig pao, to pad thai, to kam kha gai. Best thai food around.
4	Had our first experience tonight- just ordered some chicken pad thai. We were asked on a scale of 1 to 5 our spicy preference. We went with a 3 and weren't disappointed- my husband likes more spicy and i like less, but this was perfect for both of us. The man on the phone and in person was more than friendly and he had our order promptly ready in 20 minutes. We will visit again soon! Than you!
4	Thai Chili is right behind my house so I've eaten here several times and tried most of the curries and found them all to be very good! Some of the combinations are a little odd (yellow curry beef?) but I think they're just trying to cater to a broad audience. I'm quite certain that they're using a store-bought paste but that's not a knock on them as many places do not make their own pastes. Very reasonable prices as well!
5	We love Thai Chili!  It's amazing, the flavors are fresh and not smothered with salt and served by the best staff!  We order to go once a week..but we wish it could be more!  Keep up the great job!
4	You know those nights you can't be bothered to cook? Or put on makeup? Or blow out your hair? Or put on a bra? Or take off those Yoga pants that are comfortably plastered to your behind? This was me on a Saturday night after competing in a Track and Field meet in Coolidge earlier that day. And it seemed Andrew C. was on the same page after an extended day at work."Why not Thai food?" I remember Monica O. and Cheryl B. had raved about Thai Chili, so I pulled up the menu. Turns out they do take-out! YES, LOW MAINTENANCE EVENING!We called and ordered the Mussamun Curry with chicken at Thai Hot level 8, and the Drunken Noodles with chicken at Thai Hot level 6.Made the trek out to Gilbert. Friendly cashier, and she gladly accepted the 5% off your order with a Yelp check-in. Seems like they do a lot of carry out here, but there was a nice dining area. This stuff smelled heavenly. Was practically drooling on the drive home. Got home, popped open a bottle of wine and our to-go containers.Holy smokes, this stuff was HOT. Like, open the containers and your eyes start running hot. The Mussaman Curry was my favorite of the two. Beautiful, rich, creamy orange color. Savory coconut milk, tender chicken, carrots and potatoes. The only weird thing was the potatoes seemed to have this funky taste, like they were freeze dried.While the Drunken Noodles were delish and a good balance of chicken and vegetables, the dish didn't seem to be very saucy. Dry, almost. Also, ironically, the Drunken Noodles which we ordered at a lower heat level than the Mussaman Curry were unbearably hot (at least for me)! Maybe they mixed them up? Either way, it was reasonably priced and a great discovery. I anticipate we'll be back again and again . . . Lazy night in or nice night out!
2	We had cashew chicken  ($12), sweet & sour chicken ($12) one brown rice and one white rice and a cup of Tom kha gai soup costing a total of $35 before tip.  Service was reasonable, food was OK but lacked intricate Thai flavors and pricing was expensive.  Last weeks trip to Nonthaporns in Mesa on Main is a superior choice
5	This is my favorite Thai restaurant!  Their Spicy Eggplant and Green Curry Chicken are delicious.  Friendly service and a chill atmosphere. I highly recommend this place!
5	We looooove it here. Eat here often & always walk away happy. Ray is such a great server & very personal. Enjoy the ambiance at night with the lightening.
5	Hands down the best Thai food I have had in AZ.  I have ordered most things on the menu and have yet to be disappointed.   If you know your Thai food, this is the place.  We eat in or order it out at least once a week.
4	I really like the yellow curry chicken and the peanut sauce is good. The delivery is very fast. My only problem is that it is expensive....I'm not sure if I'd call it overpriced because all Thai places seem to charge to much these days but the price defiantly keeps me from eating here more.
4	Lunch menu is affordable. They served the food pretty quick. The food is delicious.
5	Had some drunken noodles for take out and even at a 3 spice level it had a good kick! Good stuff.
3	I'd say this is so so Thai food. It's not bad and better than most in the area since Swan Thai seems to have changed owners or something. I've been here twice once I enjoyed it and once I did not.I like the red curry but didn't like the larb.it was bitter. They do have an accurate spice level. A five is a five meaning Thai hot unlike most places where a three is for wimps. I will continue to go here when in need of Thai food that is passable and nearby but no Larb.
5	Always great service and excellent food! I order Thai food often and unfortunately I'm not always in town to get Thai Chili and it is by far the best I've had. I get the beef and fried rice, number 3 spicy... and for dessert I get the fried bananas with coconut ice cream.
5	Amazing food, the kind of place that knows you by name ( certainly me, I eat their food every week, usually more than once!), and they aren't afraid to bring the heat. I go between Thai hot and a 4/5 ( I notice that it's hotter when I'm in person), and can't go wrong with the pad siew, pad thai, or any of the curries ( the panang is stellar). Oh, and they deliver!
5	We just love this place!!  Delivery Thai food...does it get better?
4	Greet food  Great atmosphere and great service. What else can you ask for? Loved it. Only complaint I would have is it is a bit noisy. Other than that,  Great place
5	Awesome chicken pnang and tom yum soup
1	Totally NOT worth the money! Microwaved chicken teriyaki.. Rubbery chewy yucky. Noodles were old and stuck together like they were left out over night. Worst experience ever with thai food. They should be ashamed of their lazy cheap ways.
2	Am really bummed out at the last meal there. The service was great, as always, but did you get a new chef and kitchen staff? This was not the pad thai we know and love, and even the coconut ice cream was terrible- like crystal ice milk, and blah. please don't make us have to consider re-trying Papaya Thai, was a distant second to your food, but may now be pacing you.
4	Authentic Thai is a hidden treasure.  Thai Chili is one of the best Thai restaurant in the valley.  Their pad thai is to die for. I loved their curry, and appetizers are amazing.
4	Yum! Visited this place for the first time last week with a friend for an informal date. I had the green curry, spice level 2 with shrimp. My date had the fried rice with chicken, beef and shrimp. Both were tasty. We also ordered the fresh spring rolls, not my favorite, but my date seemed to enjoy.Cute, hole in the wall sort of restaurant with straight to the point food. The server was also very informative and willing to answer questions on the menu. Will visit again.
5	Awesome thai food find in Gilbert! We loved the duck curry, mango curry and coconut ice cream. Service was awesome and everyone was so friendly!! Will definitely be back.
5	Can't say enough about Thai Chili! Such a helpful and friendly staff. Love the amount of  menu choices and the option to make most items vegan. My favorite dish is the spicy eggplant. Great prices and generous portions!
2	First of all, I love Thai food and have eaten at many real good Thai Restaurants and this in NOT one of them ! Ordered Tum Yong kai Soup had TONS of mushrooms which I do not eat. We ordered Red Curry MILD..It was so hot we could not eat it. The Mee Krob was way off ! No table maintenance dirty dishes on the table the whole meal. Never saw my server till it was time to leave. Will Not Return ! There are plenty of better Thai Restaurants out there, don't waste your money!
4	Little sweet for my taste, but if you like sweet and spicy Thai style this is a place for u :)I did love their chicken basil, but careful their spicy is spicy . I was crying haha.   They have very good fried rice too, I had my kids a lil and I was impressed ! Love the service , fast , friendly but not over friendly . Efficient and perfect !      I just like my Thai food lil bit less sweet but that's just my preference . Food is very good here :)
4	I will preface this with saying I worked for a woman from Thailand in her restaurant where she served made to order (right down to chopping the veggies) thai food. I love Thai Chilli and we order from there a couple times a month.  I've never ate inside as we get carry out or order delivery.  Our favorites are sweet and sour and pad Thai.  You can order different levels of spiciness for the dishes and different meat choices.It's not on the same level as the lady I used to work for but it's the best I've found since.
5	Food: Excellent Ambience: Good Value: Good avg price per person 15$Service: GoodWe choose this restaurant based on reviews and felt happy with the choice. When we reached there was waiting for 15min at the end we felt happy about the wait. Orders veg spring roll, veg delight & veg fried rice service was quick and we enjoyed spicy hot food. I would definitely recommend this place and would visit again. So far I would rate this very good Thai restaurant in the market, try it by yourself and let us known your comments.
5	Ordered take out couple days ago.  We were very pleased with everything we ordered, when you order spicy hot you get spicy hot, I hate when I ask for hot and spicy and get mild and tasteless.  The food is full of flavor and I look forward to testing the whole menu.
4	Awesome Red curry ... I loved it and it was spicy too. Came with white rice. I tried their mushroom soup it was loaded with mushrooms and extremely spicy but good. Can't wait to try more
5	I don't even like Thai food but I love this place.  Their complementary salad is delicious. Everything I have ordered here has been SOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO good! I had the red curry shrimp and also some noodle dish pad something or the other....so good. so good go try u must.  So clean inside, and fresh fresh yummy food.  I'm hooked
5	Absolutely great Thai food and awesome customer service. We recently moved back to AZ from the San Jose area and I can tell you Thai Chili's food beats any Thai food we found in San Jose, San Mateo, Fremont, and Newark. AND they remembered exactly what we used to order nearly a year ago. Try the food and if you're not familiar with Thai, ask them for a recommendation and you won't be disappointed.
5	Excellent food and outstanding customer service. I highly recommend! All of the currys are my favorite. Even a great pumpkin curry offered now too.
4	Thai Chili certainly has to be one of the best Thai restaurants in the east Valley. The curry is rich and flavorful and they also have a wide variety of vegetarian dishes. The place does an abundant amount of take-out service as well. Well worth a visit.
5	The food here was spectacular, the service was outstanding and the ambiance was warm. The prices were reasonable and the portions were ample. They also deliver!A solid 5 stars!
4	Really good food and they deliver.  Manager is such a nice guy and the food is very good.  My favorite dishes are the curry and tum ka coconut milk soup with shrimp.  Be warned when they say spicy they mean it if you don't like hot make sure you say a 1 or 2.
5	We've been going for years -- I'm obsessed with Thai curries -- of the dozens of places we've tried, this is always our favorite!
4	Numnumnum! Went here for lunch and for $7.95 you get a side salad, eggroll, and main dish. I had the chicken panang and it was fantastic. My husband had drunken noodles with chicken and it was only good, but it tasted a little too much like stir fry oil.
