1	THIS STORE IS TERRIBLE! THE WORST SERVICE I'VE EVER HAD!As a former Starbucks employee I was APALLED at the disgusting service my mom and I received here. We walked in about an hour before closing time and I ordered an iced grande white mocha, she ordered an iced venti, lite caramel sauced melted in the bottom 2 splenda Americano...honestly, not that complicated! We weren't really greeted, we more or less received an annoyed glance from the barista and the shift supervisor working. The guy making our drinks didn't pay any attention, didn't mark our cups and didn't call back to the person ringing us up! He was too busy talking to his friend, also an employee there who was off the clock, to pay attention to what he was getting paid 8 bucks and hour to do. He of course messed up our order, and when my mom pointed out that her drink was  gritty, he sighed, rolled his eyes and promptly informed us that it "was the splenda that YOU ordered in your drink..." instead of apologizing and offering to remake it. I don't expect a kiss ass but some on, have some customer service common sense! My mom, being irritated with the guys rudeness just asked for a drink coupon, which the shift supervisor informed her it would take 10 minutes for her to get one (they're supposed to keep them up in the front at all times for reasons like this! duh...). The off-shift partner then said "just give her a piece of paper that says one free drink and sign your name with the store number" which she did. Here's where it get's good..We turned around and left the store, minding our own business when the rat-faced employee off the clock says "I bet they didn't f!@#ing ask for it metled, that b1tc!" to which I turned around and replied, " Actually she FUCKING did ask for it melted, but you were too busy distracting your little barista buddy for him to pay any attention to his job" she then promptly informed me and my mom we could go "back to South Scottsdale, honey" and that she wouldn't get into trouble for how she acted...We called the manager and still have not heard back over a month later. Amazingly terrible service.
4	Jon, Tess, Charlie, Erin, Kathleen and whole gang are the best!!!
4	Visited here on Christmas Eve morning and it was packed! I was thinking, "aw man, this is going to take for-ev" and then I got to the front of the line an put my order in, haha. Super fast and efficient! I enjoy the unique name spellings that both me (which is common cause I have a different name) and my friend Gina got transcribed on our cups (her's was spelled 'Jeanay'). They were up staffed, which helped, and all the employees seemed to be in a jolly mood.Again, it was super packed and thus no where to sit inside, but there were a few tables left to choose from outside. Unfortunately they were all in the shade, making this thin-blooded Arizonian, unable to tolerate the weather for more than seven minutes before we retreated back to my car with our scrumptious drinks.
2	I would first like to say I am a Starbucks addict. Even more true, I'm a caffeine addict and mother of 2 young children. I can't say that I necessarily HAVE to have Starbuck's brand coffee. I can't even say that Starbucks has the best coffee and lattes around. It's more of the little things that I have begun to love and appreciate about when I go there. First and foremost, I love it that all the baristas at my regular (most frequented) Starbucks know my name and know my drink. They are the hardest workers out there dealing with a lot of nasty Snottsdale customers and they serve my drink with a smile on their faces. Secondly, they are consistent and if they made my drink unsatisfactorily, they have always remade it and STILL with a smile on their face and a sincere apology. Lastly, they are friendly to my kids. My kids can be some of the loudest and not always as well behaved as I'd like them to be but the baristas talk to them, give them stickers and even know their name!!Occasionally, I have been to other Starbucks near my neighborhood because it's more convenient than going to my 'regular' Starbucks. I have been to the one at Pinnacle and Pima  maybe 15 or so times. Most of the baristas that work there are awesome but there is one lady that is consistently grumpy and crotchety. I wish I had a dime for every time for every time she threw out ATTITUDE and eye roll as if her day was ruined by brewing my coffee. If I did, I would definitely have a fortune to pay for my Starbucks addiction.I used to think it was just me or maybe she had a bad day but she is consistently rude. My husband, separately and unsolicited, has told me he has had the same experience with her. Why do we keep going? The answer plain and simple: My addiction is strong and this Starbucks is convenient.
3	It's Starbucks.  You know what you're getting.  I did try the blonde roast recently, and it's definetly milder.  Not to my liking, but if you're not a fan of their usual blends, try the Blonde.  It really is lighter.
4	Nice Starbucks in far far North Scottsdale.Basically all the retail in this area revovles around strip malls.  You can't escape it as this Starbucks is located in one; however, they do have a nice outdoor patio which has views of the mountains.  You can't beat that with your morning cup of Joe.
5	This location is fab for many reasons. The renovation is awesome! The staff is super nice and helpful. Yeah, there is no WIFI (how is that possible!?!?) and it can get a bit cramped inside. However, it's just up the road from the disaster of a store at Scottsdale road and pinnacle peak. I make the jog over to come to this store, and it's 99/100 times faster. I love the sit down bar area in front of the clover brewing system! All in all - the way every store should be. Oh, can't forget the awesome patio space thy have!
3	Out of the several Starbucks I've tried north of the loop in Scottsdale, this is the only one worth going to. The others are just run of the mill. While this location is also pretty much standard, it also features the Clover brewing system. Sadly, their bathroom doesn't have a urinal.Long-short: this is the fancy Starbucks. If you have the choice, come to this one.
5	I love this Starbucks! I am not really into mainstream coffee places, but this Starbucks is awesome. They have the clover brewed coffee which is only available in a few shops in AZ. On top of that, the staff is wonderful. Everyone is always so helpful and friendly!
1	Every single time I have been to this location I've gotten the worst and most rude service ever. Although the drinks get made, the service is terrible. The shirt supervisor even had the audacity to tell a customer that was asking for almond milk "oh it seems as though everyone has an allergy these days." The many times I've given the Starbucks the benefit of the doubt they just don't deserve it. As a previous partner, this is not how customers are supposed to be treated.
