5	The best pizza in the Cave Creek area by far. I have had good luck with the delivery time. Just be sure to order your wings 'extra crispy'  to minimize sogginess.
5	Awesome pizza! Really, truly better than most in the valley of the Sun. the vegetarian is my favorite with extra cheese. Hot from the oven at the pizza parlor the pizza is fantastic.And I'm a meat lover! They are consistent every single time and I promise if you love Pizza, this is a great place for take out. Heat the oven up when you get home to 350 and cook the individual slices for about 8 min to crisp up the crust. OMG....
5	I finally tried the Pepperoni Last week. This was fantastic! Original crust, crunchy Pep. all the right stuff!
4	Pleasantly surprised.  Stopped in for lunch today and got their pizza by the slice.  Now usually when you go to a pizza place and get the pizza by the slice it is dry and has that "been sitting under a heat lamp for 4 hours" taste.  This pizza did not.  It was just the right temp, the pepperoni was perfectly crispy (a huge plus for me) and there was an awesome amount of cheese compared to sauce (not big on sauce in general, so I am always happy to find a place that doesn't drown the pie in sauce).  Grabbed some ranch for the crust.. The ranch was a great consistency and had nice season to it.I'd go back.
4	Pizza with sauce on the side does not quite have the ring that cheesy bread has to it. We were hanging out by the pool in N Scottsdale and we needed some gluttonous food to go with beer at the swim up bar. Google suggested we call Barro's and that is just what we did.2 orders of cheesy bread and one pizza. The cheese bread went fast too. It is essentially a pizza with the sauce on the side and cut into handy strips. Yes it was greasy, garlicky and doughy, that is what made it so good.Delivery was fast and the food was hot.
5	Last night my boyfriend brought home a pie from Barro's with mushrooms and onions...oh my!I couldn't believe how good the pizza was. It was deep dish with a thick, soft crust and just the right amount of sauce and cheese. I was in carb lover's heaven. The onions were fresh and aromatic. I couldn't stop eating it. I even ate a slice after my body told me that I had had enough. As I sat there with a belly ache, I still smiled from having had what was the best pizza I've eaten in a long time.
3	The pizza was not bad.  I've definitly had better.  The crust is just very heavy.  I'm sure I will have it again, just no go out of my way for it.
5	I have had Barro's for years. Best pizza and easy on the $.
2	Very average pizza.  Sorry.  Wanted to like it.  Just didn't care for it too much.  If you're dying for pizza, it'll do...it's just...very average.  Sorry!
4	Love their pizzas! The flavors are sharp and strong. They are super tasy, just the way I like my pizza.  A family favorite of ours is the Kona. When we dine in it seems to take a little long for us to get our pizza, but that could be due to the fact that they are always busy.
5	The best pizza!!!!  They have consistent quality and a great tasting product!
5	We have lived up here for years, and have eaten and had takeout/delivery. I really enjoy their food, but the happy staff that work there are the best. Today, great smile, willing to change order without whining, and good attitude. Thats what I call customer service!
5	Love Barro's pizza! Thick doughy crust, very flavorful sauce, and wonderfully large amounts of cheese. This is the kind of pizza you want to eat after work, on date night, late night munchies, hangover mornings, and football sundays. The pizza is great, there are some salad options, the cheesy bread is awesome! And the prices make it such a value without sacrificing quality.
1	Yesterday was Halloween and we order from Barro's all the time. I called at 5:00 and they said the pizza would be ready in 40 minutes.  I knew they would be busy and I had a bunch of hungry kids waiting for food so I ordered early.  When I got there it was a nighmare and my pizzas didn't come out for another 45 minutes.  They really didn't give a crap about all the pissed off customers.  The good thing with Pizza is way have a lot of options.  I will go to Rays for now on and the pizza is better anyway
5	In absolute love with this place! Best pizza place to go to in Cave Creek / Carefree area! The place is a bit small and can get quite loud at times but besides that everything is amazing! The original cheese and pepperoni pizza is amazing. The cheesy bread sticks are awesome, literally could eat all of them in one sitting! I have tried the Hot Wing, Kona, and BBQ Chicken pizzas are all to die for! I recommend trying any of those whenever you have a chance to eat here!
4	Barro's is a pretty good option to consider when you're too lazy to make something, as long as it's close to you. It's quick, relatively cheap and tastes good. We go with a large pizza, a small antipasto salad (love this!) and garlic bread...all for under $20. Lasts us a few meals and hits the spot. No complaints here!
1	Yucky! I'm confused why most of the reviews are so good. $20 bucks for an xl pizza and I think that the frozen pizza at the grocery store tastes better. Your average fast food place is nicer inside. We tried pepperoni and one with chicken it's probably cafeteria quality. Salad bar was also cafeteria quality at best. I tried Rosati's next door and it was far better for the price.
1	Good pizza. Good prices. But there are so many flies in the restaurant it's almost unbearable. Next time I will take it to go for sure.  Would be 4 stars if not for the gross pest problem.
5	I've been here in AZ for about 6 months and Barro's is the best, most consistent pizza I've had. The staff is friendly and the pizza is delicious. 5 stars because I can't think of anything bad about this place.The sauce is perfect and exactly what pizza sauce should be (none of that stuff that tastes like tomato paste here!). The crust is delicious all on its own and it always crusty but still moist and fresh. The cheese is obviously of good quality as well as are their veggies and meats they use for toppings. All this combines to make a great pizza. It is a little pricier than some other pizza places, buts it is also a lot better than cheap pizza, so it's worth it to spend a few extra bucks. Your wallet might not thank you, but your taste buds will.
4	We have ordered carry out from here a few times and have had a good experience each time. They are friendly, professional and courteous. Prices are reasonable and they have a nice selection of food to choose from. Food is pretty tasty as well! We will continue to utilize Barro's for our pizza needs!
5	So great. Even though it is a little too greasy it is a good place to head after a soccer game or anything. I personally think it is a nice place.
