2	2.5 stars...it was ok. But since I got in at 11pm last night..I just wanted a comfortable bed and no screaming neighbors in the rooms next to me. The girl behind the counter was hopped up on meds and didn't look like a happy camper at all. Oh right...I'm not staying at a Westin or anything. The room was ok. The beds were nice and firm, but I'm going to have to get king beds from now on cause I've been spoiled with king size pillows (on our queen size bed) so I felt like I didn't have enough pillow under my head. The decor was...plain. Oh right...not a Westin...I keep forgetting. The complimentary breakfast was ok. Powedered eggs, bacon, sausage, fruit, cinnamon rolls, etc. But the best part was all the old people there...I swear it smelled like Ben Gay. Would I come back? Not if I didn't have to.
1	Yes, this is the hotel from those commercials where the guy does something like oh I don't know perform open heart surgery and when asked if he's a real surgeon, says,"no, but I did stay at a Holiday Inn Express last night." Har har! What delightfully witty banter.That commercial encompasses the vibe you get when you stay here. The HIE is always ready to remind you how Smart you are for staying here. In fact, everything in the room from the pillows to the shower curtain to the bars of soap all incorporate the Smart "theme" in their branding.Since my company pays for my trips to Phoenix, I can't comment on the value of the hotel, but I can speak to the experience. For such a SmartHotel, the room layouts are inefficient. the bathroom counter (completely covered in little pamphlets advertising the smartness of the various items strewn about the room) is massive while the main room (a combination bedroom, office, lounge, dining room, etc) is an ergonomic nightmare.For instance, once I removed the 17 pamphlets from the SmartDesk, I realized that the SmartLamp and the SmartPhone left little room for my laptop and mouse.I then picked up the crusty staticky SmartPhone, ordered SmartRoomService (which comes from the Hilton Garden Inn kitchen next door), and upon the meal's arrival had to remove my laptop from the SmartDesk, since it's the only thing which remotely resembles a SmartTable.I then turned on the SmartTV, A boxy Zenith CRT circa 1956, and ordered a SmartMovie, presented only in full-screen for $11.99+tax. After several attempts at setting the SmartAlarm, I just called the front desk on the SmartPhone, also circa 1956. Are you noticing a trend here? The same crappy, out-of-date appliance as any other Holiday Inn but with the word 'Smart' slapped across it and a pamphlet resting atop the closest hard surface, boasting how clever the aforementioned appliance is and how Smart you are for staying in a hotel that contains such a Smart appliance.Okay, on the good side, The SmartStaff was very friendly and accommodating and provided me with complimentary SmartToiletries I has taken from me by airport security. They were also kind enough to remove a SmartMovie charge on my bill from when I accidentally ordered some SmartCrappyMovie on Pay-Per-View.The complimentary SmartBreakfast provided me with plenty of healthy and tasty options. The SmartCoffee was adequate. If you were Smart enough to read through this entire SmartReview, but you think my constant use of 'Smart' before every other word seems annoying, then you now know what it's like to stay at a HIE.
3	This might have been a lower star rating if I didn't completely love several of the employees here: Nicole who works at the front desk, James who drives the courtesy van, and all of the cleaning staff who gave me an extra bottle of shampoo when I asked for it (I have a lot of hair dangit!).I think customer service and location are key for this hotel's success because it's conveniently located next to my corporate offices when I'm there on business, and the courtesy van picks you up from the airport, and if your destination is close they'll even drive you around Phoenix (I think the max is 5 miles). I definitely appreciated the help myself and my co-workers received when we got there, Nicole went way above and beyond in helping us get into our rooms at the odd time we arrived and on our way in the van so we weren't late for our meeting. James the driver was always hilarious and sweet and took us everywhere he could!Negatives: The reason they aren't getting a high rating from me are the fact that the beds are excruciatingly uncomfortable and the pillows were so small, and lumpy (despite the soft and/or firm description) that I really never felt like I slept. The point of a hotel is to have a place to sleep, and I really was in pain and exhausted at the end of my week.Positives: Really nice breakfast spread every morning, and a pretty cool happy hour at the end of the work day. I got a new TV (nice flat screen) put in my room the second day I was there, so most of the rooms should have them now. The cleaning staff are really cool, and they have FREE WI-FI!! Definitely a plus for me trying to work in the evenings.
4	Great place!  Very comfortable bed, perfect amenities for a quick business trip.  I got in late, was able to eat dinner, use free wifi and get a good nights rest in a very nice bed.  I then woke up, did a quick workout in the gym, continued working, used the business center to print everything out, and helped myself to a very good breakfast and coffee before hitting the road.  It was EXACTLY what I needed, priced very reasonably.
3	Still have popcorn ceilings. Room was nice and clean.
4	I have gotten very particular at my age when it comes to choosing a hotel when I travel. No more Motel 6s for me! I prefer the higher end hotels that provide whatever service I may need. I had to go to Phoenix for an extended period of time. This Holiday Inn was recommened to me by a friend. The price was right so I decided to stay. Let's begin with the location.... The location was close to Mesa, downtown Phoenix, Scottsdale, Chandler, freeways, shopping, and the airport. All places I needed to be!Next, the service.....The service was great, the room was clean and exactly what I needed! Staff was kind and friendly. Plus free wifi!! I was able to work in my room with no problem.Food...the hotel provided breakfast each morning. It was exactly what I needed to get my morning started. Coffee was good, the blueberry muffins were heavenly, the eggs were ok.Definitely would recommend. Since I will be traveling to Phoenix quite a bit, this will be my hotel of choice.
4	Great location, excellent hotel, only took ~5 minutes to get to the airport!   Great room!   Staff was great!
2	This place is really a dump.  I have stayed at HIE hotels across the country and this is the worse by far.  Room smelled so bad of deodorizer that my eyes stung.  Carpets are dirty and room was small and cramped.  WIFI worked part time and even when it worked it was slow.  Very close to airport but that is about the only plus.  I will not stay here again.
4	Stayed here one night and had a very good experience. My daughter and I checked in late.  Booked through Hotwire so I didn't realized I was booked for a King bed.  The front desk staff was helpful and quickly changed the King bed to two Queens with no hesitation. The room was clean, which is probably the most important aspect of any hotel room for me. Beds and pillows were very comfortable. Free breakfast was great - tremendous variety and above average quality. The woman who ran the breakfast area was friendly and attentive; everything was well stocked right up until the end of breakfast. In-room wifi was free and it worked well.The only minor negative was that you could hear what was going on in the hallways. The outside noise was not an issue at all. You can see the airport from the room but I couldn't hear one plane. I would stay here again.
