5	This is truly a great gallery, with top notch selections backed by expert service. Their selections range from cutting edge contemporary work by the best Native American artists to museum-quality pieces from the past. Owner Charles King, a noted authority on Native pottery, has many scholarly publications to his credit. He also curates shows for museums and regularly serves as a judge for the most prestigious Indian markets in the Southwest. Most highly recommended.
5	One of our favorite galleries to visit in Scottsdale!!   The selection is always fresh and the gallery owner carries only authentically made Native American pottery.  Don't miss it if you are near Main Street in Scottsdale!!
5	Charles has the most incredible pieces of Native American pottery available to both collectors and beginners alike. King Galleries is a must-do stop if you are in the Old Town Scottsdale area. You can always count on both a pleasant chat and an incredible learning experience when stopping in the gallery.The owner Charles King has a seemingly endless knowledge of Native American pottery. His personal relationship with many of the artists adds an extra depth that is evident in his selections and exhibits. If you can't stop by the gallery be sure to check out the gallery website. It's almost as good as visiting the gallery in person. Either way you'll be sure to find the perfect piece to add to or begin your collection.
5	I've had the pleasure of buying pottery from the King Galleries for the last five years. The pieces have ranged in size & cost from small to medium. The gallery owner, Charles King, always spends time with me explaining in detail each piece & identifying those I had overlooked. Mr. King has a wealth of knowledge related to Native American art including the well-known, and yet to be known, artists. There is nothing typical about a visit to the King Galleries. The time spent there is a valuable learning experience. One that gives an appreciation of an art form not  only to people unfamiliar with it, but to those well versed in the subject. Mr. King has spent his life involved with Native American art & history, and his love of them both comes through in the various aspects of his work & interaction with everyone fortunate enough to spend time with him. If you know Native American art visit the gallery to increase your knowledge. If the art is unknown to you visit the gallery to become aware of an art form as American as it gets.
