1	The Wine Loft is a newer establishment in the South Side Works.  Generally interested in trying new establishments, I took my boyfriend there for dinner/drinks.  The decor of this place is quite telling: immediately upon walking in you are inundated with gold/yellow curtains; black walls, ceilings, and light fixtures; and gigolo decor to the max.  Strike one.The Wine Loft is comprised of sectioned-off seating areas (separated by the gold/yellow curtains or the multi-level tiered setup of the restaurant) filled with soft seating and coffee/end tables.  These seating areas give the illusion of privacy while the comfortable seating makes you feel like you are in a friend's living room (contributing to the feeling of privacy).  It was nice to be able to cuddle up with my boyfriend without feeling like others were observing us though the extremely harsh decor didn't immediately trigger my cuddle instinct.The Wine Loft was fairly dead which was surprising given that the Universities are back in session and it was a Wednesday night (versus a Sun, Mon, or Tues night).  This started to make sense upon trying our food and wine.  For an establishment with "Wine" in its name, I was surprised to find that both of the glasses of Chardonnay I ordered and the glass of Shiraz that my boyfriend ordered were all pretty bad.  Granted, we ordered on the lower end of the price spectrum but even the lower end at a place that presumably prides itself on knowing wine should be halfway decent.  I honestly felt like I was back in college, drinking boxed or jug wine.  This was the Wine Loft's second strike.The third and biggest strike came with the food.  The menu reminded me a bit of Tusca's tapas menu.  The food was cheap enough that you felt the portions would be small but expensive enough that you were expecting more than just a few bites of a given dish.  Another menu observation was the frequent use of Maytag Blue Cheese (a very strong flavor and in my opinion an acquired taste).  We ordered four dishes, as we were very hungry: the crab cakes, the ravioli, the mushroom bruschetta, and the filet sliders.  The bruschetta and the sliders came out first.  The sliders were fine though went cold pretty quickly into eating them and had something sweet on them that was a little too overpowering.  The bruschetta on the other hand was not good at all.  I feared that the mushrooms on the bruschetta were from the Costco (they were unappetizing, did not taste fresh, and seemed low quality).  Also, the Maytag cheese on the bruschetta was way too strong.  I ate one piece of bruschetta; my boyfriend ate half of one and we ended there (there were three total).  After a bit, the ravioli and crabcakes came.  The ravioli was not hot to begin with and tasted like it came out of the freezer and the crabcakes honestly looked and tasted like cat food.  They were seriously gross.  Do NOT order the crabcakes (also, the crab must have been pretty low quality given that the dish cost somewhere around $12 and was comprised of three large crabcakes)!  It also seemed like the cook had a bunch of cherry tomatoes he/she needed to get rid of because EVERYTHING was garnished in cherry tomatoes except the sliders.  I kept looking under the Terra chips on the sliders' plate to see if there were cherry tomatoes hiding.  Honestly, this may be some of the worst food I've had in Pittsburgh.  I understand that wine is "their thing" (though they're not even great at that) but they should at least attempt to have decent food.I think the whole experience can be summed up best by the following interaction:ME: I mean, with this decor  and menu, WHO are they targeting?MY BOYFRIEND: They're targeting 20-30s young professionals; they're targeting the worst of PUMP [Pittsburgh Urban Magnet Project; a young professionals organization locally].This restaurant/bar was an utter disappointment and makes me wish I wasn't anything close to their target market (I am a young professional though thankfully am not a part of the worst of PUMP)...
1	very expensive. The menu we were given only had prices for glasses of wine and didnt even mention that you could buy a bottle if you wanted too. The menu is basically a tapas menu and wasnt very good. it is an intimate cozy place but way too small for my tatse. I think it might do better with a live jazz band but i dont know wher they put it.
4	So much hate for Wine Loft! I had a good time here, we came with a bunch of kids from school, overtook one of the curtained-off sections (great when you have more than 3 people with you, you can actually have a little hangout spot) and kept ordering sangrias until we couldn't remember. Actually that last part is a lie, I stuck to whiskey that night. Some people in our group ordered a couple of their specialty cocktails - they looked good and tasted pretty well. I didn't try any food but it doesn't look like a food kinda place. Maybe a little expensive for Pittsburgh but after living in SF, didn't faze me.
5	Great food, friendly staff, and a varied wine selection. The owners are hands on and take the time to check in on your dining (and drinking) experience!
4	Ahhh loove it! Upscale, romantic/seductive ambiance, fantastic service and an extensive beverage list. Came here for a friend's birthday and the host arranged for us to have this private area on the upper(ish) level to ourselves. He was extremely accommodating (considering we all just showed up) and we didn't mind waiting the few extra minutes while the area was being prepared. I think this place is doing everything right and the friends I have recommended to come here feel the same. I can't wait to come back!!
3	I have been to the Wine Loft a handful of times, and most recently this past Monday for a networking event. The atmosphere is great for a laid back night with friends and great conversation. There's an upper level and lower level, with a full bar in the lower level. The upper level surrounds the lower level, and it's set up with plush chairs and couches. It's great for a girls night out, first date, birthday party, 'I just got a new job so let's drink a bottle of wine' party kind of night too!
1	If ONLY the service matched the surroundings!  The Wine Loft has the most luscious, sophisticated New York hip, cool vibe to it.  Dark, sexy, deep soft couches and low-slung tables...great to snuggle into and have deep romantic or even deep philosophical discussions.  But, sigh, the service!  How nice it would have been to sit for a while and enjoy some fine drinks and food....not to be.  We ordered drinks and waited.  And waited.  And waited.  A glass of wine - helloooo, it IS the WINE loft - and a martini shouldn't have taken 20 minutes.  Actually, it was 20 minutes when we left.  I have no idea how long we would have waited.  We went around the corner to Tusca and had wonderful service, outstanding drinks and fine array of  tapas plates.  Next time we'll hit Tusca first!
2	The only reason this place got two stars instead of 1 is because I loved the atmosphere. The couches, high top tables, bar and decor are all fantastic and decorated with great taste. HOWEVER, the service sucked! and the food was mediocre. We waited 15 minutes before anyone even approached us! We finally flagged down a waitress from another section and that's when our waitress showed up immediately looking bitter that another girl was stealing her tip. (We could care less; just wanted to order finally.)Additionally, the food was meh. The sliders were ok, but the bun was stale and gross. I got the goat cheese pizza. The veggie one was ok, the prosciutto was better. The cherry tomatoes were a bad topping though. They kept squirting every time I bit into the pizza.Yet, after getting service, food, and drinks things were better. This is place to come with a group otherwise expect to get no attention...
2	The Wine Loft was out of cabernet.  Not "a" cabernet, but all cabernets.  On a Saturday night.  I guess I could understand that in a restaurant, but not a restaurant named "The Wine Loft." The bartender also knew nothing about wine whatsoever.  Neither do I , but again, if you're working at "The Wine Loft," you should probably be able to recommend a substitute wine to somebody who likes cabernet but can't have it because you're out.  The service was also slow even though the place was only 1/5 full at best.    That aside, the ambience is great and the decor is beautiful.  It would be great for a gathering of friends, a birthday party, or the like, as long as you don't want cabernet.
4	This place is very attractive and trendy.  Comfortable lounge seats.  Perfect for a gathering with friends.   I love it. No doubt about it, I will be back.
4	Cute place!  I like the Christmas decorations and the cozy feel to this bar.  Everyone was dressed up and festive-I didn't feel over or under dressed at all.  I'm not into wine exactly, but I do love a good martini.  They had a short martini list and there was also a "holiday martini list" but it only had names like "winter wonderland" with no description.  I want to know what kind of liquor I'm paying for and what sugary additives are in a drink, so the lack of info there wasn't a pleaser.My friend ordered a white wine that they were out of and the second wine she got (a rose) wasn't too tasty, but the shiny silver Christmas tree behind us was enough of a distraction to detract from the wine.  My drinks were good, and the vodka martini came with 3 olives (thanks!) and was filled to the brim.  But the martini glass didn't have a stem!  At a place like this, I kind of expected a stem.  Not a deal breaker.I'll definitely go back, the atmosphere is lovely.  It is kind of odd that you have to be seated at a bar, but that makes it less chaotic.  I didn't like that he picked our place to sit, though.  The couch next to us looked comfy...  Our seats were ok, but we kind of felt in the way.  Nonetheless, all was fine.
2	Well, I can only speak from the experience of wine drinking, not to the dining.  I SO wish my experience was a good one too!  The space is gorgeous!  Seriously, it's so warm and cozy inside.  Dim lighting, tons of candles...just a fantastic space for a date or a night out with the ladies.  There's tons of seating that includes an upstairs lounge area with comfortable couches and individual areas to have private get-togethers.  Then down below they have about 8 bar tables set up around another couple couches and a bar area.  The ambiance just screams, "come, sit, drink!"I came, I sat, I drank....but I was not impressed!  First off, the service is not good.  The place is NEVER busy, so you'd expect certain areas of the restaurant to be closed because it's such a vast space, but they're not.  So me and my friend decided to take a seat in one of the comfy couches upstairs.  There was probably only a handful of people in the whole place and it took around 15 minutes for someone to even acknowledge we had walked in.  At that point, I would expect an apology, like, oops I didn't see you there.  But nope, no apology.  The chick set us up with menus and then ran away for another 15 minutes.  We finally did get our wine and it was okay, but here's the other thing...I understand it's a wine bar, so the wines will be priced a little higher.  But I'd be more apt to pay that amount if I was ALSO receiving good service.  I was not, therefor I declare it's overpriced!  The wine list may be great, and it may be fancy, but if the service is crappy, it's a no go!  And can I talk about how it ALWAYS reeks of balsamic vinaigrette!  They have to drown their foods in it, because it is pungent!  I love balsamic vinegar, but this isn't an Abercombie, and we're not spraying the place down with it every couple minutes, are we?  Is it just me?  I hope not...because then I'm going to start sounding crazy!I REALLY want them to be better, because I think they can be in such a great space!  So please, I beg of you, step it up!
4	When I came back home to Pittsburgh and walked into the Wine Loft, I was thrilled at the decor like many others. Looked like somewhere I would find in LA or DC. I enjoyed that on Mondays they have $5 Martinis, Mojitos and Manhattans and then on Wednesdays they have $5 wine by the glass. I did expect this place to be more expensive being new and in the up and coming location of Southside Galleria, so I was content/happy with the prices.  It's all appetizers, but they are good portions. There were three of us and we got 4 different apps and were all full and satisfied. The pizza is VERY good. We went on a cold Monday night, so it was pretty slow, only one waitress on and she busted her ass because it was a bit too much for one person. Her service was still good and the food and drinks came out really fast. I know someone complained of not having anything available, but they had everything we wanted when we went. I plan to come again with a group of girl friends for my birthday! Hopefully I will still walk out a fan.
2	Underwhelming.  It's a beautiful space, rather trendy looking.  I love the decor and how the conversation areas are spread throughout the room.  But they need to really develop their wine list more.
5	The layout and decor is unbelievable for Pitt, great food, great staff ... Nice job Wine Loft #1
2	If there's one thing about Pittsburgh that I love, it's the plethora of locally owned bistros and bars. Upon entering The Wine Loft I was impressed by the atmosphere, but shocked as the handful of servers were apparently unable to peel themselves away from their other tables long enough to seat my cousin and I. Once seated, the service was slow and the server made no recommendations. The sangria, however, was delicious and the desserts we had were fabulous. Upon receipt of the bill, I can't say I could justify visiting again. There are plenty of other venues in Pittsburgh with similar atmosphere and better prices/value for the service.
1	THERE WAS A FREAKING RAT IN THE RESTAURANT AND THE STAFF WASN'T EVEN ALARMED WHEN I TOLD THEM ABOUT IT.A RAT.This restaurant is beautiful inside, and my waitress was very nice.  This place is over priced but you don't go to a place like the wine loft and expect it to be cheap.  Their chocolate dessert was great, but i kind of lost my appetite after seeing the rat.I actually *have* a pet rat, so I wasn't really upset--it may not have been their fault, given the Wine Loft's location, you know, rats get into places. I was completely weirded out when the waitress was just like, "Oh.  Yeah."  Did I expect her to do anythign right then and there?  no, but you'd think there'd be a look of concern.
3	We stopped for a glass of wine and a beer. I enjoyed smoking a cigar on the patio. The staff was friendly.  But service was slow and prices were high.
1	Was looking for a place to get a glass of wine after a concert on sat night.  Wine loft looked like the place. Seat yourself but we didnt want to take all night so we went to the bar. After 5 minutes and yes I time these things...we had to flag down waitstaff to ask do we have a waitress. Oh year guy behind the bar will be over.So he finally makes it over with virtually no greeting and a bar towel in his hand. No small plates available on sat night after 12. Ok i guess you have to send the cook home sometime. The wine selection was weak. Their best wines were not even close to being the quality I expect. The price was in line for a great location but with the inattentive service and lack of class why would I pay 17/glass for a 2md tier cab?They did not have a selection of decent red blends.  We walked out without ordering.
2	Other reviews were spot on....we went for the $6 wine and BOGO half off apps. Although my expectations were set a bit low from reading previous reviews, I'd say  The Wine Loft just about reached the low expectations.Here's the breakdown- although the website lists $5 on Wednesdays, it's actually $6- but the Malbec I got was really good and worth the $6. I also go the white sangria, which was a little watery, but ok.The food that they do have was also pretty good (Baked Brie and Bruschetta) and the atmosphere is really nice. The service, however, was probably one of the worst I've ever experienced at a restaurant. The waiter was not attentive and I had to interrupt him eating at the bar (not on a break) to ask for a second glass of wine and get the check. I think it's pretty clear why this beautiful bar is almost always empty- the service is awful, and the wine and food is overpriced- BUT I wouldn't dissuede  anyone from going and taking advantage of happy hour prices for a glass of wine every once in a while...
4	It's been a while since I've been to the wine loft.  However, I must say it was a nice experience.  The ambience is trendy lounge.  They have a variety of appetizers or small plates that are great for sharing.  The baked brie definitely offered the most bang for your buck and was absolutely delicious.  I do wish that our server would have been a bit more knowledgeable about the wines, but I cannot necessarily hold it against her as she was new.  I highly recommend The Wine Loft if you ever find yourself having some time to burn before a movie starts next door.  I definitely will be back.
4	was at claddaghs and after several beers decided to try the wine loft again.  this time it ROCKED!  although, there are scented candles like, everywhere.  everywhere.  i liked it.  you can drink wine, AND do a seance.  Its good to have options.Last time I was there I saw a rat.  Maybe they are using fire to keep the rats away.  I dunno.  This time it was 100% rat free.Anyway, $5 cab sav.  I'm sold.  Done.  Sign me up.  And the food was fantastic this time.I do have one question--they have all these nice suede couches for people to sit on.  What do they use to get the wine stains off the couch??  I need some, for my house.
4	Candlelit decor with big, comfy seating areas. It was our waitress' first night on the job, and she lacked knowledge on a couple of things, but she was friendly and attentive. The manager also made a point to stop by a few times to check on us.The food was excellent. We ordered turkey sliders, which were tasty, very tender, and on a toasted bun with sliced tomato and avocado. We also ordered Japanese pumpkin ravioli, which came with grated Parmesan cheese and cooked with a hint of ginger. For dessert, we split a very good slice of chocolate brownie cheesecake.The wine selection was good, but not quite as good as I would like from a place called "The Wine Loft." If you're going to put your name out there like that, you should have an overwhelming selection. Still, it wasn't as though they only served "the red kind" and "the white kind." Again, it was our waitress' first night, so I'm sure she'll improve with time, but I like for servers to make recommendations and have some knowledge about the wines they serve. We ended up ordering the featured cabernet sauvignon, which was excellent, but it would have been nice to make a more informed choice.Overall, it's a great place to relax and enjoy tasty food and good wine by yourselves, or with a group of about 3-5 friends. Definitely thumbs up!
1	Seriously folks, they are closed. Shame they did not post that on their web site before I went to try to use a just pay half deal.  A bartender at a nearby place told me they have been closed for weeks.
5	If you live in the Pittsburgh area and go on an Online Date, come here. Cool atmosphere, a great place to get to talk to somebody one on one.
