4	Oh man, you guys, the prices here are so good! It's so cheap! Everything is only a dollar!Wouldn't it be wildly helpful if that were my whole review? Just, "Stuff costs a dollar here!" and then someone called me Captain Obvious and it was like we were all 15 again? But, no, we're not 15 anymore (unless you actually are 15, which: you are my little brother's age! Do you know him? Be nice to him!) and so let's focus on the more *mature* aspects of the Dollar Tree:CANDY.I'll be straight with you, dollar stores, and even this specific Dollar Tree, used to be just a place to buy cheap balloons or cheap kitchen utensils or cheap throwaway party decorations or cheap puzzles or cheap -- well, you get the point. But then my life changed. The heavens parted, a unicorn galloped across the parking lot, Frankie Valli came over the speakers. I discovered the candy aisle. Because the candy aisle here is more than just cheap candy. It's -- wait for it -- hard-to-find candy! It's like finding a rare comic book or a rare baseball card and instead of wrapping it in plastic and storing it in a shoebox, you shoved that Action Comics No. 1 into your gaping mouth and ate it as fast as you could. Seriously, there's Mallo Cups, (Mallo Cups!) in bags of eight or sleeves of four (depending on the day): $1. A huge bag of candy "sticks" (the apparently less controversial name for candy cigarettes): $1. Necco candy: $1. I just -- it's overwhelming for someone who loves candy as much as I do. Let me take a moment to gather my emotions. Do you know how much I've paid for Mallo Cups in my life? Upwards of $3 for just a two pack. It's a filthy, disgusting habit and I'm trying to quit. (No, I'm not.)What I'm trying to say is: if you're looking for a kind of weird, vaguely nostalgic candy and maybe don't want to pay the premium at gourmet candy stores (seriously, that's a thing, look it up), legit check out this Dollar Tree (and, presumably, other Dollar Trees in town). And if you don't find Mallo Cups, it's not the store's fault, it's just that they're all at my apartment. If you bring some BB Bats, I'll trade you.
3	Typical dollar store.  Lots of junk but I usually find some little "treasure" when I shop there.  They do keep this store fairly clean and the staff is actually pretty friendly.  No high end stuff here obviously but you can get a $25 book for $1 which is a good deal.
3	Even though I found what I was looking for, which were cough drops, the layout of the store was not appealing.  It looked really trashy and outdated.  Guess I'm just used to all the really nice Dollar Trees in the Phoenix area.  So, for this I give it a 1 star because it didn't look like a well-kept store, not organized, nor clean.However, the cashier was super nice and friendly.  Great customer service, which I give her a 5 star.
