3	Honestly the beef appetizer was so good I was thinking between four and five stars. It really was that delicious. I don't recall the names of the dishes we had because I don't know Vietnamese dish names very well but I did take pictures. I also thought our dinners were very good and I don't want to bash them but the servers didn't know what was going on or what they had on the menu because part of the menu they are unprepared for and or what to bring with the meals as we didn't get some things. I was told she didn't ring the order in right and that also complicated things.They will improve with time and might turn out to be a best in the area. But I was a little displeased with the service because both servers seemed to have an attitude every time we asked why we didn't have something that we should of had.Warning opening hiccups.HICCUPS hiccups lots of hiccups.The dining room is modern and beautiful but they had Mexican Music in the background.They didn't give us a copy of our bill so we had to photo it.I'll go back because the food was good but not soon because of the servers.The business Name information was already in the Yelp System as Pho & Grill I 'm not sure if it's right or not because the sign is confusing. You see a Big Sign that says Pho and Grill and a tiny sign next to it says Angelina's so I'm not sure if the correct name is Angelina's Pho & Grill or just Pho & Grill.
1	We had been anticipating the opening of this restaurant for a few months now. We went last Sunday, apparently two days after their doors were open to the public.We went in around 3 for a late lunch, and as we were greeted the server informed us that they wouldn't have any pho for another hour. Since that's what I usually get at a Vietnamese restaurant we decided to come back another time. As we turned to leave someone told the waitress that it would be ready in half an hour. We decided to give this place a shot.We ordered egg rolls and their BBQ spring rolls. It took forever for the egg rolls to come, and when we tasted it, it seemed like mystery meat to us. I took a picture and uploaded it. The BBQ spring rolls also took forever to come, but were pretty good. Don't know why food took so long, since there were hardly anyone else there.Finally the pho was ready so the server came to take our entree orders. We ordered chicken pho and combo grill with chicken, pork, and shrimp on vermicelli noodles (choice of noodles or rice). There were a bunch of dishes that were not available (beef pho, for example) due to their "soft opening". Once again, the food took forever to come out. Normally with pho you get a side dish of basil, bean sprouts, and sometimes cilantro, but nothing came with my pho here. The grilled meat would've tasted good, if only they didn't over cook everything, not to mention that it came with rice (see pic). I inquired with someone there and I think they didn't understand english, so they brought out who we assume was the owner. She said that because it's a soft opening they didn't have noodles. I guess if we were warned that this was a "soft opening" and that they were not fully prepared at all, at least we'd have lower expectations.We tried to order dessert, and whaddya know, it's not available. Highly likely that we won't be back, even though this is the closest Vietnamese restaurant to us. My first thought was how can they run out of food when the Asian market is a few doors down? Too expensive for what you get, and the dining experience is horrific. The server told us that when they have their grand opening in two weeks or so that things will be much better. I'm not sure I believe that...
4	Angelina's Pho and grill was very good! excellent appetisers; which were very fresh and brought to us in a very timely manor. The service was very good! restaurant was very clean, as was bathroom!  the pho was good, not the best best in the valley but very good! the broth was a little bit too salty for me. we will defintely go to this pho restaurant again!
1	Hmmm.. What is soft opening? Anyway I came in today and ordered their eggrolls and large pho. Reminder, eggrolls here are 4 dollars for only two rolls.. I agree with the user below stating that the meat was mystery meat. Not authentic at all. The vegetables given was inedible.. Why try so hard to make a plate pretty, I would have honestly would have wanted a plate full of lettuce than the random veggies given. I was also displeased with my eggrolls comming out soggy. It ain't hard to fully dry vegetables before putting it on the plate. On to the pho... It was just meh. Nothing special didn't taste authentic either... There large is like a medium. Another problem I had was how the restaurant tried so hard to be "modern" so modern that there weren't any silverware or napkins on the table.. I felt as if I had to constantly ask my server for things I needed. Then again it's a soft opening. Comming from a vietnamese person, the food is not authentic... Not that it's a problem... I rather go somewhere else with bad service and yummy food than a place with okay service and mediocre food. A soft opening is no excuse for meh pho and weird tasting eggrolls... Too pricey I might add. Hopefully next time around it will get better
3	I am giving them an extra star, for this being a soft opening all you people should be a little big more lenient, i have had way worse that do not deserve a 1 star rating.. so yeah..  i like that with a rice plate combination they give you a small bowl of pho with it.. very nice touch.  food is pretty good, but with that being said, i will not go back until they have some time to settle in.
2	It pains me to have to write a two star review for a new restaurant.  Lord knows anyone who dares open a restaurant these days has a lot of challenges, but I can't recommend this new Vietnamese spot simply based on the food.The restaurant looks great, and the staff was very friendly but unfortunately that's where the positives end.  I came in the other day and ordered a small pho tai which should be the signature dish of a Vietnamese restaurant.  I found their prices to be a bit high, but I figured what the heck-it's so much fancier than the Vietnamese places that I frequent.  I noticed the chef pouring pho bowls while I was waiting and the broth was barely brown...maybe it's pho ga I thought...regrettably, my suspicions were confirmed when I finally got my beige pho tai.Pho broth is the holy grail IMHO, with it's deep beefy flavor combined with the sucker punch of star anise, clove and cinammon-it's probably the most soul nourishing dish that I've experienced when done well.  Pho & Grill's version was completely lackluster and even the additions of the Thai Basil, cilantro and a healthy dose of Sriracha couldn't rescue it.
4	Stopped in last Saturday for lunch. I had seen the signs up for weeks about the place opening and was happy to see it finally was open.  The restaurant was nice and clean, and had plenty of staff checking in on us. We ordered the BBQ spring rolls for an appetizer, those were really good.  They come with a side of this yummy peanut sauce that was pretty darn good.  With our appetizer we got 4 full size rolls that were plenty for the two of us to start.  I must say  that the happy hour was already started around 3pm, forgot what hours they were good from but I believe you get a discount on the apps, and beers were cheap, like $2.50 for even the premium ones.  I ordered the second pho dish on the list, they have two sizes, medium and large.  I ordered the medium and it was really good.  The bowl was huge, I had so much for leftovers I had it for dinner later that night.  My husband ordered a stir fry dish and he said that was good too.  What really stood out was the great service we got.  All the employees were really nice and answered all our questions.  I believe either the owner or manager came out and welcomed us and thanked us for coming in to try the food.  I felt very welcomed and it was nice to get the extra attention.  On cold days like today pho is perfect, so go try it.
5	Julie our server was very nice. The Pho was excellent. We enjoyed the appetizers, spring rolls and the flank steak.  We had three of the grilled entrees and one order of pad Thai and all were excellent.
3	Pro: I've had this place a few times and the Pho Ga is great. I could have it for more than one meal in a day. It's the best I've had without going to Tempe. This next part is going to be both a pro and a con: The atmosphere is nice. The tables etc are all new. The TVs are all big flat screens and they have ESPN on it.Con: Now, the setting of the restaurant is really hard to not like, but there's something to be said for the experience of the hole in the wall with decorations on the wall that the owner who barely speaks English brought with him when he moved here from Vietnam. I could have either the hole in the wall OR the nicer setting that this place offers, but I still felt it was good to include. Also, the "No firearms allowed" signs are annoying. Seriously guys, it's not like someone is going to shoot up a Pho place, and, if they were, the sign wouldn't stop them. It just makes it less convenient for people like me.
4	Maybe not quite ready for prime time still with some opening hiccups but greatly improving and worth trying since this is the only Vietnamese for miles and miles. It seems Pho & Grill is now using the Angelina's name and the menu plates and some of the recipes changed.We started with the steak wrapped around asparagus ($7.). This variation was tasty and good but didn't match description on menu. No spicy peanut sauce and no pickled salad. But it was good anyway. This variation was very unlike what I had when they were known as Pho and Grill. I had a Grilled Chicken Salad. It was delicious the thigh meat was so tasty this really was an incredible salad for only $7.00 but like the appetizer it also didn't completely match description on the menu. For sure I didn't have an aioli garlic dressing or crushed peanuts. The dressing I had was very light and very fragrantly spiced and maybe better that what was described.My husband tried the beef Pho  ($9. for large) with added meatballs ($2). He said it was good overall but wasn't crazy for the meatballs. Not the best Pho out there but it is the ONLY Pho you can get around here and it was OK.Service was good this time.It's a great big fat STRETCH to give this place four stars but four stars also means I am a fan so four stars it is. I don't feel right about the menu descriptions (or is it hiccups?)  but in the end the food tasted good and the service was fine.Don't worry I'll let you know how it is next time.3.5 stars
4	First time visit.  We really enjoyed the dining experience.Had appetizers of calamari and crispy spring rolls.  Excellent!  For the main dishes we had a soup and the chefs special.  The meal was delicious.  Service was prompt and courteous.    Ambiance was enjoyable.  Looking forward to many return visits.
4	We had take out service again this evening-they still have not worked out all the service bugs (try to be patient :), but the food was great!  The chef/owner has a passion to serve and provide great food to his customers.  We need to support our local restaurants if we want something other than chains as our eateries.
4	We were on the way to our usual sushi restaurant when this place caught my eye and we decided to take a chance, and what a nice surprise.  For a Monday night the place was nearly full and we still got excellent service.  We are used to Little Saigon in old Glendale, which is pretty shabby, but Angelina's is very modern and clean, with a nice dining room, adjacent bar and unique variety of music for a relaxing atmosphere.  Happy hour is 3-7PM Mon. - Sat., and all day on Sunday with a good selection of appetizers and drink specials.  My husband and I shared a tempura shrimp, onion and sweet potato appetizer that came with a dipping sauce and lightly dressed salad on the side, which was perfect.  He got the spicy shrimp pho while I got the chicken pho and both were very good with enough leftover for lunch.  We can't wait to go back and try other interesting things on their menu and hope Angelina's stays around for a long time.
5	ABSOLUTELY FANTASTIC!    We tried several of the Pho bowls with our kids and the are portions are HUGE, prices are very reasonable for what you get (Happy hour prices are between 3-7 which makes this place even more attractive).  Everything is very fresh and there is detail in their food, preparation, service.  They even brought out a separate  vegetable plate to add to your Pho, and it is an added bonus of flavors which was wonderful to add to your Pho, especially the basil.  We had the Prawn Pho, Chicken Pho, and Beef Pho.  As an appetizer we had their spring rolls.....NO Complaint's at all from us.The kids loved the chicken and the Pho is great.VERY Clean establishment throughout.The customer service is fantastic, this is not a chain and they care about the experience.  The Chef/Owner came out several times and he is passionate about everything.  This was a great find and experience.   HIGHLY RECOMMEND, you will not be sorry.Last note:  We noticed most of the people eating at the restaurant were Vietnamese and this also told us that this is good food.Thank you!!!  See you soon.
2	Pho here is expensive @ $8/ bowl. Compared to Pho Thanh @ $4-5 per bowl. It taste OK, but I've definitely had better like the Pho at Pho Thanh, it has a much beefier and more flavorful taste to the broth. They don't serve you a separate plate of garnish either like (peppers, onions, cilantro, or lime) everything is mixed into the soup already.
3	3.5 stars.Pros:- Modern upscale decor, clean restaurant inside despite how it looks outside- Awesome bar area-Food is good, nothing spectacular. Not very authentic Viet but that doesn't bother me too much. -Big servingsCons:-Inefficient staff (seem very inexperienced in the business, kept forgetting our orders and never wrote them down, didn't bring our drink orders and if they did forgot to refill drinks) but i guess they were friendly-Food is good, nothing spectacular-wish there were more items on the menu FOOD ITEMS: -Beef BBQ spring rolls- they take a different twist on it and add avocado, lettuce and hoison sauce marinated beef but its probably my favorite thing on the menu- Lettuce wraps- chicken, baby shrimp and glass noodles (you know the korean kind) and peanuts for the mix and slices of lettuce served with a the sweet-fish sauce-chili concoction. I had a hard time wrapping this in the lettuce so I ate it on its own and took a bite of lettuce lol. Seriously, it was just like stir fried noodles. -Pho- Mehhh. I used to live a few miles from Little Saigon so I've tasted good Pho. I would call this broth very bland. However the noodles are cooked al dente and the beef is standard so I would come back here again for it if I was craving pho and didnt want to drive too far. 2.5 out of 5 at most. - Crispy noodle- this is a popular egg noodle dish that I don't see at a lot of Viet restaurants here but its pretty good. You get a huge portion. It has meat and vegetables and the sauce reminds me of chop-suey but the noodles are the crispy kind. I would order this again. Will continue to come back and try other items and because I like the decor and overall vibe. Hopefully the staff will improve and they will add to the menu. And that they make better pho.
5	Best Pho in town!  Just passing by on Bell Rd., and that we would try with the kids.
5	Photastic ;) The best hang over food! Love the pho soup I always get the number 2 and the Crunchy spring rolls,We love going there we always go on Sundays and sit in the bar area they are very Accommodating for our big group every Sunday and have awesome drink prices!!!;)Definitely recommend this place!!!!!
5	The Pho here is excellent!  Stopped in for lunch and I'm already thinking about the next time I can go back.  It's really hard to find authentic Vietnamese here in the Valley, but this place does it, and does it right.  My service was also really on point.  My diet coke was always full, so again it ticks the box for what a great Vietnamese place should be.  Next time I come, I have to try the grill portion of the menu.  I saw a grilled shrimp dish come out while I was waiting for my Pho and it lookes awesome!  I'll have to make the trek on a weekend and bring my wife.  Great food, nice atmosphere, and good people make this place a must stop for the Vietnamese cuisine lover in Phoenix!
1	Awful service. Brought me my check before I received any food.
4	I liked Angelinas. It was really nice inside. I was surprised. We went on a Wednesday afternoon and it wasn't too crowded.I liked their high chair there. It had a big tray that I could put the baby's food on so she could eat. It made the experience even more enjoyable.All 3 of us ordered pho. What I did not like was the limited amount of pho on the menu. I had to tell the waiter I wanted tofu and vegetable pho. There was no vegetarian option on the menu. There was also a lot of different broths which made it more complicated. My dining friends both got chicken pho. We also ordered 2 appetizers- a salmon roll with cream cheese, and spring rolls.The salmon rolls were so good. We all enjoyed them. They were super tasty. I did not try the spring roll but my mom ate it all and said they were good.The pho came out and it was piping hot, so it took a while to eat. It was really good though. A little too many vegetables in mine which made it hard to eat. They tempura fried the tofu and it was delicious but fell apart a little easily. My family enjoyed their chicken pho, but my Aunt was disappointed she did not have any veggies in hers. Only meat and the stuff you add in. I had to give her some of my vegetables.The people there were really nice. They laughed at what a mess my baby made so that was good. The owner came out and talked to my aunt and gave her a hug. Overall it was a good experience and I will be back. Hopefully they put a vegetarian option for the pho. Also it was expensive pho too, so that is why it is not 5 stars
3	First off I love Pho. Even for a white guy.lol.I've been eating Vietnamese food for many years and I'm happy that a Vietnamese restaurant opened in my area. We came here on a Thursday night. Not that many people here but still enough to fill about half or the place. I ordered the basic Pho large sized and the wife ordered a small. Once we got our Pho it was hot and fresh. We added a little bit of spices and leaves to add flavor and it was great. Everything was great besides the price!!  I see that the restaurant is in great shape and was very nice. It really felt somewhat out of this world and you wouldn't believe that your are eating in a strip mall near 55 and Bell rd. But the price was the only thing keeping me from a 5 star. It was like $8 for a Med Pho and $9 for a large.  In my opinion that's asking a lot for the Pho.Don't get me wrong the service and ambiance was great. I just think its a little too expensive, I would prefer it to be a few dollars cheaper.  They do have a happy hour so maybe I'll check them out during that time?  I will come back here though when I am craving Pho.  If it was a little cheaper, I would come back a lot more!!
1	Service was slow. Waited for 45 mins and no food.  High End Vietnamese food, not worth the wait or the time. Find another place to eat.
3	3.5 stars. Been here on several visits and have noticed improvements each time. Pros:- Modern upscale decor, clean restaurant inside despite how it looks outside- Awesome bar area-Food is good, nothing spectacular. Not very authentic Viet food (definitely more Americanized) but that doesn't bother me too much.-Big servings-Happy hour specials with 40% off appetizers-Friendly staff...but...Cons:-Inefficient staff (seemed very inexperienced in the business, kept forgetting our orders and never wrote them down, kept forgetting to bring our drink orders, and when they did they forgot to refill drinks) -Food is good, nothing spectacular-wish there were more items on the menuFOOD ITEMS:-Beef BBQ spring rolls- they take a different twist on it and add avocado, lettuce and hoison sauce marinated beef but its probably my favorite thing on the menu- Lettuce wraps- chicken, baby shrimp and glass noodles (you know the korean kind) and peanuts for the mix and slices of lettuce served with a the sweet-fish sauce-chili concoction. I had a hard time wrapping this in the lettuce so I ate it on its own and took a bite of lettuce lol. Seriously, it was just like stir fried noodles.-Pho- Mehhh. I used to live a few miles from Little Saigon so I've tasted good Pho. I would call this broth very bland. However the noodles are cooked al dente and the beef is standard so I would come back here again for it if I was craving pho and didnt want to drive too far. 2.5 out of 5 at most.- Crispy noodle- this is a popular egg noodle dish that I don't see at a lot of Viet restaurants here but its pretty good. You get a huge portion. It has a meat or shrimp option, vegetables and the sauce reminds me of chop-suey but the noodles are the crispy kind. I would order this again.-Shrimp and sweet potato tempura. Pretty standard, good if you're a sweet potato lover like me-Grilled Chicken entree- yummy and comes with a side of their pho broth. Healthy, tasty, big portionWill continue to come back and try other items and because I like the decor and overall vibe. In the meantime, hopefully the staff will improve, they add more items to the menu and the quality of the pho gets better.
4	I am Vietnamese and I really enjoy their food here.  Pho broth is well done, and like my home cook Pho the broth is clear, sweet and smell nice.   I don't normally give rating but reading some of the negative rating here, I thought it is totally unfair.  Their grills come with choice (beef, pork, chicken or shirmp or combo with all of them), it also comes with a small Pho as your soup.  Wonderful ! The price is just right for dinner but seem a bit high for Lunch. Since they do not have seperate menus (Lunch and Dinner), this may be an area where they can change and make it smaller portion for lunch and charge less.The Pho is awesome, with the noodle done right (not to soft) the brisket is perfect.Give it a try and you will not regret.
4	My girlfriend and I definitely liked this place.  The food was good and thus far they haven't missed on service each of the three times we've been there.  Unlike some of the other reviews on here we don't mind about paying an extra dollar or two.  This place is so much more aesthetically pleasing than any other pho place west of the 17.  You won't find a sewing machine in a booth, coloring books, a child's homework, etc.  The decor is modern and the bar area is nice as well.  If a dollar or two matters to you then this might not be your place... otherwise, have at it.
4	We discovered this restaurant while starving and driving down bell road.  Since we both love a good pho, my husband and I stopped in to give it a try.  The service was attentive and we fell in love with their tempura appetizer, right off the bat.  Our meals were both excellent and served piping hot.  There was a brief wait in between courses, but I believe that their chef's cooking was well worth it.I'm a little puzzled by the other luke-warm reviews as this is one of the better Vietnamese restaurants either my husband or I have ever frequented.  Give it a try, I think you will be pleased.
4	Love this place.  Actually I have eaten here a few times in the past couple of months.  Its just a shame I found it so late in my time in Phoenix as I am moving soon.This place is great!The food is excellent.  You can really tell that there is someone int he kitchen that knows their flavors, and pays attention to presentation as well.  Not too over the top though.  I have been in places where it looks good but tastes terrible.That is definitely not this place.The only draw back that I can tell you on this is that you might wait a but for your food, even if you order a menu item like pho, which is prepared way ahead of schedule and they have to essentially "bowl it out".Its also not crazy busy enough that you will have to wait long to sit.  We go even during busy times and we can usually get a seat.Its worth the wait, but some dont like to wait and I can understand that, but its really good food.
3	We stopped by to check out the new Asian market next door to Angelina's Pho.  Afterwards we had to try Angelina's.We had the seafood pineapple and beef with green curry.   The green curry was mild but very flavorful.The seafood pineapple was as beautiful in presentation as it was delicious. The restaurant had a warm and  welcoming atmosphere.When we are by next time perhaps we'll even try the Pho.
5	Great PHO and beautiful restaurant!
5	I'm not Vietnamese. Hell, I'm not even Asian. I dated a couple Asian girls once. Had to break up with Suki when I bought the Porsche because she got tired of sitting on Kimmy's lap. It was a two-seater.What I'm saying is that I know what good Vietnamese food tastes like and they serve it here. 20% off appetizers before 7 pm makes it feel like you're stealing from these folks but they are cool with it.
4	I'm going to update my initial 3 star rating. The food is really excellent. I love the Pho and my wife tried a chicken grill mix plate which was awesome. I still complain that the Pho is too expensive but we have countered it with the recent Groupons they offered. I keep saying if prices were a little lower, at least a few dollars cheaper on the Pho, I would be here at least once a week. As it is now ill come hopefully once a month at best.  Overall I really hope this place stays in business and keeps on going.
1	This one star is coming from a vegetarian bias. IF YOUR VEGETARIAN DO NOT GO HERE.Came here expecting  to try a veggie pho (didnt have it) and the server gave me a weird look ontop of it all. SO i ordered THE only vegetarian option they had (this was 4 months ago might have changed) and asked for noodles to come with it. The server said no problem. The dish came (no noodles) and he never came back for  me to mention it until i was all finished. It was whatever..nothing special..Place prettty much blows, for non carnivores. If the service was great i would of elevated the stars...but nope..pretty poor
5	This place has it all.  Great spring rolls, Great entrees.  The soups are first class. Fast friendly service. What more could you ask for.
3	My wife and I were out looking for a new place to eat when we stumbled across this restaurant. It was a very clean place with a great atmosphere. Our waitress was really nice and attentive. We got our drinks and placed our order in a good amount of time. It took a while for the food to come and the place wasn't that busy. I received my food about 5 minutes before my wife's food came. The waitress was apologetic and maybe it was a bad night or people called in sick. It was a bit pricey but the food was good. I'll try it again.
5	Awesome get the Shrimp pho which is more like a thai dish.
5	If I could give them 10 stars I would.  Their food is so fresh and flavorful.  Its obvious the chef is a true artist.
5	I just got home from my first visit to Angelina's.... DAMN! That was amazing to say the least. The BBQ beef spring roll ia a must have, the peanut sauce was the best I have ever had. Everybody in my party agreed that this was the best Vietnamese in town. Our waitress Heather (call her Suzie, she will answer to anything) was delightful and very entertaining. I had the Chef's Special with Shrimp, flat Iron steak and Pork. The Pork was incredible, I think I will have Heather serve it with the vermacelli next time. Try this place out, I promise you will not regret it. On a side note to Mark M. who complained about the servers wearing  short skirts, the rest of us will never be allowed to judge for ourselves. Management has now banned all skirts. Mark, please revise your review and management, please bring the skirts back!
5	I went here today for the first time - the food was awesome.  Very fresh and full of flavor.  The service was great as well.  I will def be back soon.  ;-)
1	So we decided to use our groupon for this fairly new place which had a pretty nice decor. Unfortunately that was the only nice thing about this place. A crew of three was working as the waiting staff. Two guys and a young lady. The two men waited every table in the restaurant except ours before during and after we dined. The one young lady who did her best to wait on us gave no refills on water, forgot the iced coffee halfway through our meal, no garnishments for the pho, no plates with the appetizer, and brought a wrong dish out. We felt bad for our waitress and she was apologetic for her errors. She clearly was helping her coworkers from what we observed but neither would assist her. My bowl of pho was large and tasted ok. it was no different from what my mother usually makes. The tempura calamari was bland, greasy, and you could tell it was from a frozen food section. The salad served beside it was soggy which made the calamari soggy too. The best part of it was the dipping sauce served with it. The place was packed with Asians which seemed to get preferential treatment of prompt and friendly service from the staff and the owner. Another kicker is that I'm half Asian and understand the whole culture behind it but don't look a lick of it. This is not the first time I have gotten such service in an Asian owned eatery. Typical sign of "We reserve the right to refuse service to anyone" should also say if you don't look Caucasian or Asian. If you dont know the difference between a Chinese buffet and Vietnamese food then you might like this place but for me if I want my quality food I will just go to my moms place for dinner.
5	Ate lunch there today and thought it was wonderful!
4	Just got remodeled not too long ago. Had a groupon (of course who doesn't now -a-days)Well anyways, Pho here is good, good noodle to meat ratio, (which you would be surprised isn't all about the meat for me). The "Large" didn't seem to be that big of a bowl, but the amount of food inside was definitely a large portion.The spring roll was good, the wrap was not dried out anywhere , peanut sauce was well balanced, nothing overboard. This is a great alternative to going down south to Tempe/Chandler area.
5	My family loves this place!  Delish fresh food, excellent service, yummy drinks and vietnamese coffee!! Everyone that we have shared this little gem with agrees and always wants to go back!
2	Be sure to make note that this place is closed on Mondays!!I've been here maybe 3 times to try to give it a fair shot and I don't think I'll be going back again. The service is super slow and they mix up and confuse orders.Prices seem a bit higher than average also.
2	My normal pho place was closed for renovations so I ordered take-out from Angelina's. Friendly enough staff and modern Americanized decor (the Bon Appetit sign was less a play to the French influence in V, rather a convenient purchase from Hobby Lobby...) Still, it seems to be a nice place to dine in and I may have to check out HH. Ordered veggie crispy roll, pho tai and pad Thai...Angelina's isn't bad...it just isn't as authentic, nor flavorful, as its other nearby counterparts. I'd rank my dishes as follows: 1) Veggie roll (just plain tasty, but not unique), 2) pho tai (this rare pho was fine, with lots of accoutrements that were its saving grace) 3) pad thai (I wouldn't order again; not bad, just not remarkable...especially for $13).Don't let my two stars seem like a complete bashing. Angelina's is fine. It just didn't grab me like I'd had hoped. If you've never tried Vietnamese, this would probably be a great starting point...and I mean that in the best of ways!
4	First time to the restaurant and my husband and I enjoyed both the atmosphere and the food.  Service was great!  We'll be going back!!!
2	I came to this restaurant with a party of 6 for lunch, and 45 minutes later still no one was served and 20 minutes after that only 2 people were actually fed. I ordered the easiest item on the menu, the Chicken Pho (twice!) and was never served. I know Angelina's tried to step it up by re-vamping their menu and improving on presentation/plating, but if they can't even send out food because they're "short-staffed," I'd suggest they 1.) cut down the menu, 2.) shrink the restaurant, or 3.) shut it down until they can hire competent staff. Our waiter failed to take our orders in time (taking other orders from smaller parties that came in after us), forgot my order literally 3 minutes after I'd ordered it, and tried to give my boyfriend his order on a plate right after we'd told him we were leaving and that we needed it to-go. He then proceeded to blame the back kitchen and shrugged, which pissed me off the most.  Maybe he thought we wouldn't take it as seriously for their ineptitude. Or maybe he didn't think that it was that big of a deal that we'd go to our next class still hungry. At this point I really wonder if they even made our food, and I feel bad for the friends that I invited to come with me today.  If you've got 2.5+ hours to spare, you might not mind Angelina's. But today's experience was just too horrid for me to ever come back again.
5	So nice inside. Service was great and the food was awesome. A medium pho plate is huge so me and my husband split one large every time we go. I will definitely comeback.
4	My fiance and I have dined at Angelina's three times now. On two occasions, we shared the large Special Angelina's Pho. The last time we went we tried the Spicy Angelina's Lover. Both are fabulous, but I think we will order the spicy from now on! The  kitchen graciously splits it into two bowls without us asking, and provides plenty of ingredients (meat, sprouts, noodles, etc.) for the two of us. The service is good, and the price of pho is extremely reasonable for the amount served. I can't comment on their other dishes, as the only other thing we have tried are the crispy veggie rolls which were good, but not great. We will be returning to Angelina's again for another pho fix!
5	Fantastic service, excellent crispy egg rolls, and delicious Pho with fresh and crispy condiments. Any new place is bound to struggle at first... So take the bad reviews lightly. We eat Pho once a week... And we've decided to change our usual spot to this one.
5	Great food and service! The pad tai was excellent and all their appetizers were just as good.
5	This is one of the best Pho restaurants I have ever been to. The food was so delicious that the little extra wait time was not an issue. If you like great Tai food this is the place!!!!
4	Good food.  Large soup is VERY large!!  Our first visit & we are not well acquainted with Vietnamese food but will return.
5	This place is a really good surprise.  My friend saw it driving by and we decided to try lunch. Spring rolls are fresh, tasty, and crunchy. Pho was surprisingly good.  We tried seafood, chicken and a brisket Pho.  Very fresh produce, delicious broth, large portions.  We will be back soon!
4	Clean refreshing decor- Interesting menu choices. Best crispy egg rolls. Ordered Chicken stir- fry- Outstanding!! Great service. Prices reasonable.
4	The thing to keep in mind about Angelina's is that it is not your traditional Vietnamese Pho noodle shop. Rather, it is a modern and often inventive take on Vietnamese cuisine that combines a lot of the traditional along with cross-cultural influences to create a nouveau fusion blend that is both original and exciting.Angelina's has a modern-contemporary decor well suited to the culinary flavor.Angelina's menu has expanded considerably since their launch, and creations such as crab meat udon and tofu-eggplant stacks are welcome additions though perhaps not to everyone's taste. Portions are reasonable and prices are about average. Certain menu items are only available on the weekends such as the spicy Pho.Wait staff and service at this restaurant tends to be decent (somewhat hit or miss depending on the day and time). That being said, I have never experienced really bad service at this restaurant, and thus far my experiences have been positive on average.As with all restaurants that rely on a high level of culinary skill, the food quality of Angelina's depends on the chef. Therefore, again depending on the day and time, there can be variation in the quality. Overall, the food quality is very good, and comparable to the best out there. One menu item deserves special mention: the barbecue spring rolls are simply divine. Think a traditional Vietnamese spring roll (pork, lettuce, vermicelli) but with added avocado and grilled pork. It is simply the best spring rolls I ever had - the creamy avocado texture complements the sweet crispy pork perfectly.
1	We had come here once before and had a good experience.  This past Saturday night, we were in the area and Pho sounded good.  Since we liked this place before, we were looking forward to coming back.Walking in the door, we waited a few minutes without being acknowledged. This was as about three staff members walked through the room and just ignored us. I was just about to leave when the girl in the Seahawks jersey acknowledged us from across the room with a "what is it now?" look on her face.  Practically rolling her eyes, she said "two?" and sat us without saying another word. No "I'll be right back" or anything at all. No glasses of water.  Nothing. We waited another few minutes with no service and just walked out. There are lots of other Pho options around that are more than willing to serve their customers, so we went elsewhere.
2	Customer service is a big issue here. Once you walk in you wait for a long time. One customer was getting irritated with them because he kept waiting and not getting his to go order. Some of the customers were just ignored and walked out because they couldn't wait anymore. Quality of their food is decent but the customer service needs to be fixed. When you see multiple people leaving their tables it will hurt your business. I think the biggest problem at this place is leadership and lack of leadership skills. Also waitress should never tell other customers "oh that guy is mad at me", because he waited long time for his order. I just don't think it's professional.
5	I came back a few weeks ago and had a much better experience. For a Sunday night they were pretty busy but we were seated quickly, the (new) waitresses were very friendly, polite, and despite running out of the thai tea my boyfriend is obsessed with, we still enjoyed the food (I recommend the charbroiled pork plate. Portions are large, the pork is tender, and the salad goes along with it perfectly.) The establishment has definitely stepped it up and seems to be responsive to the needs of their customers. Recommended.
5	Wow-I am shocked by the poor reviews! I LOVE this place and the staff has always been super friendly! The grilled chicken rolls and the crunchy rolls are awesome! The pho is really fresh and they have THE BEST broth in town!
5	I love the pho here and the establishment is very cool! I feel lucky to have this so close to my home!
1	Absolutely the worst pho establishment I have ever been to. Extremely rude server- she shouldn't be working there. A couple actually left before even ordering- we should have followed them. The pho was good don't get me wrong- but in the service industry- service is everything!! Don't waste your time or money at a place that acts like they don't even want you there.
5	I had the #2. Loved it. Tasted great. I received it quick when it was busy and it tatsed very fresh. But, the best thing was the service. Ask for Evelyn, she is the best server there. Great food, great atmosphere, and great service from Evelyn. Get the Pho'ck out of here that was good
5	This food is amazing!  Healthy, light and very tasty.  We've always received great service and the prices are fair.  This is worth the extra drive.
5	The service was really casual and nice. I felt like I knew the lady though I didn't catch her name. Weird. I had the very last item on the menu, the vegetable crunchy noodle. it was AWESOME! I need to bring more people here.
5	Excellent service, clean and friendly. The broth was awesome and the veggie spring rolls are much better the PF Changs lettuce wraps. Would recommend this place for customer service and good food.
5	This place is soooo great! My boyfriend comes here for the pho, but I come here for everything else. They even have vegetarian options that are really good! Try the lotus & shrimp salad, omg! The sunrise pizza appetizer with ahi tuna & avocado is delicious! Everything is well thought out and cooked to perfection! Highly recommended!
5	One of the better Pho spots in Phoenix, Angelina's combines a high class appeal with great Pho and service.I was very pleased at the Rare Steak Pho. The meat was very high quality and they brought lots of extras, including fresh cilantro and Italian Parsley. The size was enough to be filling, even at a medium. Noodles were tasty and the broth was pleasant.The sunflower shrimp appetizer was amazing. Very good way to start the dinner. The green tea was full of spices and had a unique taste that made it very good to drink.The ambiance was very classy. My waiter was professional, courteous, and respectful. She came to our table just often enough to be perfect.Definitely will be coming here again.
3	visited this place weekly.place is really nice I liked it.  the service was really  so so. there are only two people running around whole restaurant by the time i was visitting there. the food is alright i ordered yakisoba nothing excited about it.Little salty but will come back agian try something different...
3	I went with my friends (group of 6) to this place for dinner. This place looked clean and cool, however it looked like a bar than a restaurant. We all ordered Pho (large and small). They used good quality materials for the food. The beef is soft and delicious. However, as a Vietnamese who have eaten Pho for more than 20 years, I would say the overall tasting of Pho in this restaurant is "decent". Yes, all material are high quality but the overall tasting is decent. I would rate 5.5 or 6 / 10 for this overall taste of Pho here. In addition, we waited for so long for our food (we even wondered whether they forget our table). There was one bonus point for this place, they gave us a free desert (3 slices of cake) because of the holiday.
5	I've been here several times now and order either the 3 item grilled combo (choosing beef pork and chicken) and it comes with soup, house salad and pickle salad, ginger and garlic dressing, jasmine steamed rice or vermicelli.   Or I order the pho #1 Angelina's special.  Brisket tree beef tendon tripe meatballs rice noodles onion and cilantro.  Either dish are my faves.   Service Is always exceptional.  Orders are brought out promptly.  The inside is clean, music playing, the bar side has tvs and the music overhead .
4	Always exceptional food, can't go wrong with anything you choose.  I gave four stars this time because of the wait.  . The food is really 10 stars. The wait wasn't.  We reserved for 10 people and after ordering have been waiting over an hour for our dishes.  We asked about the delay and were told they had other table they're working on.  We were the second table here and the people after us are receiving parts of their orders.  They have only two chefs tonight but very few customers.  No idea why it's over an hour . We will still come back but because we came for a 40th birthday and wants a special evening, it was definitely not that .
1	Food was good, service was some of the worst I've ever experienced and that is an understatement. Mind you, there were only 3 other parties other than ours and 2 parties were only 2 people and the 3rd was had three people- so NOT busy when you have 2 servers working the floor. I ate there Tuesday with my husband and 2 kids. Our server was inattentive, our food came out at separate times (my pho came out last and at least 30 mins after I ordered, where in the world does pho ever take THAT long?) and on top of that, they charged my card TWICE. I'm nearly certain the server who helped us (a heavier set girl who didn't give us an option to have the happy hour beer which we were ordering and and was very dismissive when I asked her about it.) did it on purpose because we gave her a shitty tip. She honestly deserved NO tip. And my husband and I are good tippers, 20% at least, we have both worked/are currently working the food service industry.We didn't even see our server at all after we ordered. She didn't bring us our food, someone else did. Passed our table once. Then the rest of the time, her and a male server were just fooling around behind the bar wrapping napkins with who I'm assuming is a manager. Not checking or paying attention on any diners.Someone from another table had to get up to get a water refill from the male server because no one was coming into the dining room to check on anyone. I had to get up to ask about the beer when our server threw me all kinds of shade and then I was trying to hand her our check and she walked away so I had to go after her again. The unfortunate thing is that the food is actually really good and had there been better service I would have at least given 4 stars. 5 if the service was great. This goes to show that it doesn't matter how good your food is, if your service is shitty, you will not insure repeat customers. NO we will not come back unless the staff changes. I'm all about service. I would much rather go to Pho Viet down Bell because there food is just as good but they have excellent service. I DO NOT RECOMMEND THIS PLACE! Service is everything. You will find better service at a hole in the wall pho place where no one speaks english.
3	Brought family by because two other restaurants  we wanted were closed today.  Came in for appetizers and they were out if salmon and crab.  The two dishes we came in for.  We decided in crunchy rolls, tempura shrimp and ahi tuna pizza.  Crunchy rolls were good.  Tempura was just ok.  We've ordered before and was always perfect.  Today they were oily and bit of an aftertaste.   Ahi pizza was delicious .  My family is losing interest in giving more chances when there are so many more places to eat without long wait times and unavailable dishes on menu.
4	We loved the fresh vegetables for the soup.  Far from where we live.  Will be back.  Somewhat slow service on the afternoon we visited - dined on patio.
5	Great service, very friendly. The spring rolls were fresh and tasty. Great happy hour.
5	Love the place! It was our first time and we were surprised by the quality of food. My husband got lamb chops and they were superb! I had Alaskan cod it was the best cod ever had! Service was friendly, our waiter Jackson had great personality, explained the menu, made suggestions. We will be definitely back for some more and bring our friends!
5	I've eaten here on three occasions, the food is great!  They give you a generous amount for what your paying.   The owner/ chef actually came out to introduced himself, which I found very impressive.  After talking to him for a moment I can really tell why the food is so good.....extremely passionate about his food!  I love all the new appetizers that have been added to the menu, make sure to try it.
1	Very upset just left. Had recommended by a friend and given a gift certificate to try so we made this date night. Our server never gave us her name. Now we now why. Heavier set Indian girl. We ordered crisp  spring roll with chicken. It should of been cold. It was long time and room temp. She never asked how it was. She stayed in the back the whole time. We asked multiple ?s about our food b4 ordering her answers were basic and she left out so big key points like the mignon was medallions so very rare would be very impossible not 40 mins to make in a kitchen.  She never did any check back on our meal. She pretty much made our experience suck to the point of leaving. Eating nothing. The last straw was asking for Brown rice. I asked but she forgot. And she used it as an opportunity to disappear again into the kitchen for another 5 min to make us think it must need to be a prepared iteam. Like spaghetti in an Italian restaurant. Since my fiance n I have been in the industry for over 15 yrs we'd had enough. 1st I ever left 10% and I know the tip gods understand. I left her a receipt tip as well about her customer service skills. Oh 1 star because the steak was aweful and my salad was covered in minced galic. It wasn't edible. We won't be back. So sad.
5	BEST PHO IN ARIZONA!! BEST broth, all natural chicken, great crispy rolls, AWESOME happy hour. Staff is amazing (Jackson & Michelle) and owner Tom so personable!! I recommend Angelina's to any pho-aholic!!! We dine here usually twice a week or more... This place is clean, CLASSY, modern, no FOB zone. Very trendy, hip, with traditional amazing food.
5	Green curry with chicken: orgasmic!Excellent service, very attentive, great atmosphere, clean.This was my first visit, I can't wait to go back and try the other curries!!
3	We had dinner last night . The waiter was attentive coming to our table about ten times.we started with their pho with beef brisket , the soup base was a little salty and the brisket a little over cooked.we then tried their spicy  shrimp and beef pho , the meats were plentiful but  could have used more noodles. Again the broth was salty. We then tried the ya ki soba noodles .The noodles were saucy and way too sweetWe did like their grill meats. The place was very clean and  nicely decorated
5	I have only had pho at 3 different places, but I have to say this place has the best pho I have had. They're seafood is actually fresh, whereas, some of the other places, it's frozen seafood. I'm very pleased with this place. Also, great Thai tea and Vietnamese coffee! Must try! Love their pho, it is now the place I go to if I want pho!
4	Stopped back in, it had been a while and liked the changes in the dining room and bar area .  They switched which door for entry so while we were dining , we could see many many people outside still trying to use the original entry to find it locked, then trying the other door a few yards away . Our greeter said they're trying to pull focus to the bar dining area but we still chose the quieter dining room . Our server was new but she did really well.  She took our orders quickly, brought out our drinks and appetizers quickly and then entrees without delay.  Big improvement to our previous visits and we were happy :). We got to sample something new to the menu , filet of cod, it had a light coating on it, really delicate and topped with a cucumber salad. Definitely would have that again . My pho was perfect .  I had Angelina's Spicy Lover.  So good .
5	Ok, We had to come back a 2nd time since the first time was excellent.and the 2nd time was just as yummy!I got the Pad Thai, it comes with shrimp AND chicken!  I was surprised it came with both but that's a bonus right?  The shrimp was cooked perfectly as was the chicken.  The chicken however is thigh meat which I wasn't prepared for, but it's still amazing pad thai. I didn't finish it so I'm now eating it for lunch 24 hours later...at my desk...cold.  Eating it cold brings out so many more flavors that I didn't experience when it was hot and fresh like the Thai basil, lime juice and cilantro.I'm a fan of Angelina's for sure.The service was superb, I don't know who our server was, but he was cool and very attentive.  I have absolutely no complaints...except they need to fix the chairs so they slide on the carpet easier :)
5	Whay are you supposed to do when its raining out and you have a cold? A big bowl of pho.  This place has a great selection of pho.  Very clean restaurant and friendly staff.
5	Okay, after going here a few times recently, we're obsessed.  Really, really good pho soups and spring rolls to die for.  Large size shareable portions.  Great atmosphere, friendly helpful people, outdoor patio seating, and good music.  If you like good comfort vietnamese food, try this one out.  If anyone knows the west valley, there isn't much and this is a hidden little gem.
4	I've driven by this place a hundred times and was always curious about it. I'd heard good things about Pho. My husband and I decidedly to give it a try during a lunch date and we were pleasantly surprised. The atmosphere is warm, welcoming and even a little romantic. The food is even better. Pho is my new favorite eat out meal. Everything is fresh, delicious and healthy. It's been a week and we decided to come back for dinner....with our kids, 8 and 10. This is a true test.  Both of them scarfed down there healthy soups without complaint and asked when we could come back.  It's a dangerous thing to live so close.... Great food.
3	I got carry out and the food was good, only they charged my card 4 x for the same transaction and added in a tip for themselves in an amount that I would have never given. BAD KARMA
5	The first thing I noticed was the "A" health grade in the window. Upon entering we were greeted with the wonderful Evelyn, who happens to have beautiful eyelashes . The server was amazing and gave some very good recommendations . Tried Pho for the first time, OMG!! Will definitely come back. All of the food was amazing and very authentic. The salad on the combination plate was so fresh and delicious.
4	I came for lunch with my family and I have kids to so its great they have a kids menu I think it was 4.99 we got the shrimp tempura with jasmine rice and it comes with a drink and as for the adults we got the rare meat pho soup it was amazing great taste not sweet and it was enough good amount in it we got lrg it was like 9$ I paid like 27$ our server was really nice and helpful. its a nice place looks trendy . I will be returning soon and because the meats are usda and natual .and they have a bar that serve beer and wine.
5	Things to try when your here 1) BBQ spring rolls2) shashimi pizza 3) Bang Bang shrimp 4) Pho beef broth, Grilled chicken ... Try any of these and I GARUNTEE you will be back to Angelinas .....
5	Although I was disappointed with the authenticity of the menu, I was pleasantly surprised of how good everything was.  The service was excellent and the servers are very personable.  I only wish it was closer to my house!
5	Been here a few times in the past month. I'm completely addicted. I have always ordered something different. Today I let our server, Evelyn, order for me! She nailed it! She ordered the #6 pho... Spicy w/ beef, shrimp, tripe, meatballs etc. Absolutely delicious! She also recommended the #3 entree....steak, pork, shrimp w/ salad, pho & rice. Couldn't have done better at choosing our meals myself! Angelina's is very clean and comfortable. Love these black chairs;) Staff here is quite personable and friendly. Evelyn is super sweet and has a great sense of humor. Sushi bar is coming along so I can't wait to try it...once they get a sushi chef here. I highly recommend Angelina's folks! One of My favorite restaurants!
5	Best restaurant by far in the Glendale area. Has a true local vibe and the waitstaff is outgoing! They appreciate you as a diner and the food is amazing. I recommend the Bang Bang Shrimp, BBQ Flank Steak or Chicken.
4	Its a nice place. Friendly staffs. High quality beef. Cuts are very thin, and fresh. Broth is little salty due to the fact that MSG is not added, but it has a strong flavor of Pho. My choices from top to bottom: 1. Pho special2. Chicken grill3. Bun Bo Hue - only available on weekend.4. Crispy noodles
5	This place is by far one of the best pho places in town broth is tasty and they actually put enough meat in the soup aways a happy customer keep coming back.
1	Use to be a regular but found a better place at 43rd and Bell. Went back to this place to try it again, but was disappointed. The broth was way too sweet - very over powering.  My husband's was bland - felt like he was eating water with noodles.  To make it worse, the worker asked me if I wanted to take my food to go cause my baby was being a little whiney.  Pretty telling me indirectly to GTFO. Won't be coming here again.Update: Because I gave an honest feedback, the owner wants me to go back to China and called me a horse? See uploaded photo.. Good or bad, take the feedback and improve - listen to your customers, thanks.
1	This place was decent when it first opened, but it has progressively become worse, which is not what you want to see in a restaurant. Their broth is never consistent--it can be super bland one day, and salty the next. Also, their prices are "higher" than you'd expect for Pho, considering the portion sizes are not large. Same goes for their happy hour deals. There are a lot better Vietnamese restaurants close to here (Pho Viet at 43rd and Bell). The worst part of this place is the service. It is slow and the staff/owners have no manners. If I could, I would give Angelina's 0 stars.I will not be coming back here or recommending this place to my friends.
5	If you are in the mood for some vietnamese food, look no further. Hands down, the best Pho I've ever had. Great atmosphere, fantastic food and super friendly staff. Even the owner came out and greeted us to make sure we were doing ok (a rare thing these days). Our awesome server Mobin, recommended the Bang Bang Shrimp and it was just an explosion of amazing flavors and textures in our mouth. Would def go back again.
