5	Wow what a fabulous meal! The service was amazing, it was just a shame that we were in somewhat of a hurry on our way to see Penn & Teller. The restaurant is in the Rio. I was a lured in by the big black awning with the flashing lights that blinked "Antonio's" The acoustics are much better than I expected. They have the high ceilings with the painted clouds but managed to make it feel intimate and cozy. We were seated at a table away from the beautiful open kitchen. There were plenty of cozy booths. Maybe it was because I had low expectations of a generic Italian restaurant experience but I was really blown away by my risotto. I had the Carnaroli Risotto with Maine Lobster. It was the best risotto I've ever had. It had asparagus with a white truffle cream. It was the perfect consistency for risotto and it was perfectly seasoned.Antonio's is definitely on my list of the 1st places to visit when I make it back to Vegas.
5	You know there isn't much I can add to this review that Lori K. didn't already write about (please see review below).  But I would like to add that my uncle's Lobster Kabobs looked absolutely beautiful and delicious.Also, we ordered their souffle for dessert, which came with a deliciously light cream.  And they brought out a ricotta cheesecake for my dad's birthday.  He was livid about the candle and the song, but he ate the dessert anyway.  Surprise, surprise...
3	Decent little place to have dinner, it wasn't busy at the time we arrived(early) - we didn't have a reservation, and they seated us promptly which was nice.The wine list was ok. the pasta (for being pasta - it's really hard to mess up pasta - was delightful)  I really liked what ever the bread was that they brought out, and we also split a ceaser that was nice.The desserts were amazing, and prolly the highlight of this dining experience.
4	Delicouss foood but took SO long to come out!  The calamari was average.  The bread was a great surprise---crunchy breadsticks, olive, sundried tomato rolls (yummm) and sourdough served with balsamic vinegar and olive oil.  All of the entrees were delicious--esp the orrechiette w/HUGE butterfly shrimp, scallops, broccoli rabe in a pink vodka sauce.  Prices were $22-28 for entrees but the quality of the ingredients were well worth it.
5	MY FAVORITE HIGH CLASS RESTAURANT. I am absolutely obsessed with the 5 Cheese Macaroni dish. It has bleu cheese in it that just makes my mouth melt thinking about it. Great selection of wine also. Fabulous service and comforting atmosphere. I will always stop here when I'm in Las Vegas.
