4	Tikka Mahal is fairly recent on the takeaway scene in Edinburgh and it has made a pretty big impression on me. Situated in the Newington area of Edinburgh, Tikka Mahal is just a short walk from the city centre and it is very close to the University so it is a convenient place for students to go to for dinner. Despite being called Tikka Mahal, giving the impression that it is a curry house, they also do kebabs, burgers, pizzas and fish and chips - so a bit of everything. I came in with a friend who ordered a chicken korma curry with rice which he said was really tasty and the rice was well cooked. I had a burger and chips which also tasted really good and the portions were a decent size. Our meals came to about five pounds each which was a really good deal. There is quite a substantial dining area inside the shop, and Tikka Mahal also does takeaways as well as home deliveries which is incredibly convenient.  I haven't been back since but I had a good experience here I definitely plan to go back.
5	I absolutely LOVE Tikka Mahal. It is the only place for Indian / Pakistani food in Edinburgh. They are very gracious when you walk in, and all food is prepared fresh to order. The quality of the chicken is fantastic, and you never get weird chewy parts like I often find at other cheap establishments. Both the chicken karahi and the chicken rogan josh are divine. They roll our the naan bread fresh right there for you. I'm a HUGE fan!
5	chicken korma takeaway was delicious - sweet sauce and tender chicken-huge portion - one order was enough for 2 people, enough sauce for both rice and nan. cheese nan was giant and awesome
3	Part kebab shop and part curry house Tikka Makal does a good solid curry and decent pakora all for a very reasonable price, however there is nothing particularly special about it. The curries are prepared fresh while you wait and it is a reasonable sized portion, which is nice however there isn't a massive variance in the flavours of the curries.In short there are better choices (all be it a little more expensive) in the area, however Tikka Mahal is normally fairly quiet and is certainly good enough to satisfy the Indian comfort food craving.
4	While in Edinburgh on holiday, I went on a curry tour. See, I eat spicy food like you breathe air. Back home, I get my take-away and add both Habaneros and Ghost Pepper Hot Sauce before I eat it. My spice tolerance is ridiculously high. I've also eaten curry on three separate continents, so I know my curries pretty well. So, I picked a different Indian joint each night and went on a search for the most flavorful and spiciest curry.I came onto this place midway through my adventure. It is very much a diner-style Indian restaurant with a VERY casual, laid-back atmosphere. It is family run - the father in charge did most of the translating to the staff that prepared and served my food. There wasn't a vegan-friendly Vindaloo on the menu but there were several meat-based Vindaloos, so I asked if it would be possible to order a Vegetable Vindaloo. The father quickly assured me that would be okay so I ordered it extra spicy with Rice and Chapati. Now.... I don't want to gripe. The prices here were VERY cheap, and the food was flavorful as anyone could ever hope for. Seriously. But, what I ate wasn't a vindaloo. I wonder if maybe the chef just made me a Vegetable Curry instead and hoped I didn't know better? So, It was very delicious and I won't complain about that. But it wasn't spicy and it wasn't a Vindaloo.Luckily I brought along three Thai Chile Peppers to spice it up.Of course, Thai Chile Peppers to ME are about as spicy as cinnamon to most people. But still, it definitely helped bring out the inherent and distinct flavors of the dish. So, the food wasn't spicy but I'd come again just because of the place's affordability and their willingness to accommodate customer wishes. Good on you, mates!
5	i wanted good and family run kind of indian restaurant in my last day in edinburgh. i found this restaurant on tripadvisor and lucky that i did! i ordered chicken with okra in some kind of curry sauce and garlic naan bread, topped with a mango lassi. all that for under 10 british pound! wow! food is made fresh to order. it was a little greasy but god everything is so tasty i don't mind at all. and the mango lassi comes in a pint! no kidding. too much for one person really but i had my water bottle with me so i poured the excess into it for later. tasty, good, honest, family style indian food for so little money. portions are big. i skipped lunch and only had a snack since breakfast so i devoured everything. i probably could not have if i had had a regular sized lunch. well, the other customers tend to take the leftovers home so i guess that it is okay too. what a great find and wonderful way to stay warm in a cool and damp fall evening in scotland!
3	Family run curry house in a similiar style to Kebab Mehal, and offers the usual array of Indian food options. Inexpensive, hearty and good food with those qualities you cannot go wrong really.  Its not a restaurant but more of a kebab/curry take away so the decor is minimal with a resonable ammount of chairs and tables for patrons. I like the price, the food and the service. Definately worth a look if you fancy a cheap lunch time meal deal or a cheap but tasty biryani in the evening.
