3	So I've been to Veloce probably about 4-5 times, my family and I love the ambiance, the view is phenomenal and its off the strip but like being on the strip!So let me start off by saying, don't do the sushi, it's pretty bland compared to other local sushi spots, so you will definately be dissapointed!However items I have tried and enjoyed, Kobe Beef Sliders, i mean Kobe Beef helloooo!!!! Their selection of oysters are amazing! Large oysters with great flavor, I usually go through 18-24 of those bad boys! lolThe spinach salad is pretty good as well, my sister and mom's favorite!The filet mignon is great, i love the blue cheese crust and definately butterflied, and the lamb is great as well. The service is pretty good, never had to wait long!
5	I was told that M Resort & Spa serves the best buffet in Las Vegas.  Sure enough, we went there while visiting from Sacramento and the line was ridiculously long.  The wait time was 2 hrs.  At this time, it was 7:45pm.  Too long of a wait for dinner.  I was starving!We decided to go eat at Voloce on the 16th floor of the hotel.  The view from the restaurant was beautiful (even though it was dark out), you can see the LV strip from afar.  When we walked in we managed to snag the last 8:30pm reservation seating.  People who arrived after us couldn't be seated until 9:30 or 10:00pm.  Whewww...The wait staff was really nice.  The food was outstanding.  We order a couple small plates and one large plate to share and it was plenty of food for two people.  The garlic stuffed seared scallops was to die for.  My husband enjoyed the roast duck wraps the best.  The price was fairly reasonable.  The evening turned out to be a very pleasant one after all.  I highly recommend eating at Veloce if you're in the area.
4	Ahh yes Veloce. This is one of my Sunday hangouts in the evening. I've taken dates here and I've gone solo just because I'm awesome enough to do that.Let me start by saying the view is amazing. Your 16 stories up on an already elevated part of Las Vegas, Blvd, except you're in Henderson. There's also an outside patio for those of you who like a little air or want to have a cigar/cigarette after dinner. The entire restaurant is just surrounded by windows that actually serve as the wall. The actual ambiance is great like I said for taking a member of the fairer sex here. The foods a tad bit pricey, typically $25-45 a plate, but so what, it's quite good. If you're a serious sushi connoisseur then you'll probably find better spots in Vegas like I Love Sushi, Sin City Sushi, or Yummy Grill Sushi to name a few, but that's not to say the stuff here is bad by any means. I think if they work on their menu a bit and work on their signature rolls, it will add to the rest of the menu that's currently more functional.The Steak is outstanding. I usually get the peppercorn steak that's already sliced when it gets to you. It's got an amazing sauce on it along with peppercorns obviously. It's served with french fried onions and I usually pair this with a nice Chardonnay of some kind. They go great together.Surprisingly, I don't think many people know about this spot because it's a ways away from the strip a little past Southpoint on St Rose. But if you're a local and are looking to really have a nice evening somewhere with someone new or someone you want to show a good time to, this is the spot to head to. Even sitting at the bar is an experience. If you do happen to sit at the bar upon your arrival here, tell Nino that Dominic sent ya. He takes outstanding care of his clientel and will assist you with whatever your needs happen to be, including food recommendations and wine pairings.Enjoy.P.S.- The employees are dressed up here, but you really can come casual if you like. In the summertime you'll catch me here in a tshirt, shorts and sandals having wine and filet mignon.
4	And New Years Day happy hour (Vegas knows how to do New Years, I gotta say.  They had specials on everything.  We got a 2-for-1 massage too at the hotel.)This place is stunning.  They have great staff, great views and the cocktail prices are far superior to L.A.'s prices.Our Happy hour sangria price was $5.  The regular price of the champagne blueberry drink i had? $8.50.  That's our happy hour price in  the city of angels.$10 for sushi for 2 (sashimi, salmon, tempura roll, eel roll, 14 pieces in all)$10 for sliders for 2 (kobe beef, bacon and cheese.  With french fry sticks)So filling and warm and good.  They have an excellent wine list, a huge bar and the dining room looks fab.  M resort is our new hang.
5	As a local i don't fancy going to the strip when i want to stay at a casino to getaway for the weekend. red rock was always our first choice casino, but now that we have been introduced to a new 'lifestyle' at the M resort, you can find me there during my stay-cations. There are so many great aspects of this wonderful casino, my favorite is VELOCE CIBO! Their Horseradish Crusted Braised Short Rib dish is my absolute favorite. I live maybe 30 minutes away from the M and will drive there just for this dish. Writing about it make my mouth water. They also have great sushi, a generous wine menu, beautiful view of the strip, and the service is the cherry on top of a delightful evening.
4	I was initially reluctant about trying this place out but eventually relented under pressure from my friends. We did not have a reservation but were told there is full menu in the lounge area. We sat next to the window and indulged in the view as the sun set. They have a cocktail menu comprised of verrrrry sugary martinis which were $5 a pop..not bad, but I would have a bigger chance getting a buzz drinking kool aid..so don't expect these to be very strong. The cocktails are delicious though! As an appetizer we shared Lobster Tacos which were good, but not exceptional. It was $21 for 3 and I'd have to say that Lobster Tacos at Villa Blanca in BH were much better and were only around $16.As an entree I had Ahi Tuna with a side if sauteed Asparagus .. the tuna was $36 I believe and the side was $8.00. The other people in my party had short ribs and a filet mignon with side of fries. They were thrilled with their food sans the fries. Come on, don't order fries at a fancy restaurant! The fries were pretty terrible and tasted like the thick store bought ones. The portions are huge so the steep prices can somewhat be justified taking into account the portion size and quality.Our waiter was attentive without being overbearing. Overall service and speediness were great.Total dinner for 3 with four martinis = $210
5	Let me just start this review with that it was one of the tastiest meals I have ever had.We stayed at the M our past vacation last month, and with everything in this hotel being amazing - Veloce definitely doesn't disappoint.To start, I had an amazing martini. I'm a little foggy on the name but I want to say it was called Purple Haze. Just... amazing. Plus it had a pretty flower floating in it.For apps we had the Chicken Lettuce Wraps and the Crap Cakes. Now I first tried lettuce wraps at PF Changs which I thought were good. These are 10 times better. The crab cakes were also very tasty.For dinner I had the Roasted Organic Chicken which was cooked perfectly. Its safe to say I licked my plate clean. My boyfriend had the Penne. He spoke about how good it was for days after. We also got a side of mashed potatoes which were creamy and delicious.We skipped on dessert since we were so full but I wouldn't doubt it being just as good. By far one of the best meals we've ever had in Vegas.
5	Grumble grumble, this place shutdown! Grrrrrrrrr. Not surprising though, the M resort has already passed financial hands to someone else and is no longer owned by the Marnell family. Just as well, some of the people running this establishment had more business running a truck stop gas station than a hotel/casino. Maybe when the M gets it's act together and stops thinking on such a corporate level of ignorance, they can turn things around. They have a beautiful casino and some pretty great restaurants in there along with some great views of the pool from some of them. If they get their management under control (so typical of the Vegas casino landscape) they might have a better chance at greatness.So long Veloce.
