1	poor service! rude disrespectful staff! from personal experience they will not inform you if and when your child gets hurt!!!! so they get a big fat zero (0) stars from me!! but i had to give one star or i could not post im just saying..oh and the old black lady that works here acts like she just hit a pipe!!! and does not remember the kids she is watching names..if your looking for quality child care with no worries this is not it! not all the staff is bad but my gawd..one bad apple spoils the bunch for me!! when it comes to my children who i love! that's my opinion and maybe other have experienced better service...but my first few days was a hott ass mess!! and i quickly removed my child!
1	My grandson goes to this daycare center and I cannot tell you how disappointed I am. This place is unclean, smells and the staff should all go for training.  The worst part is how they handle their financials.  One week they do it one way and then they change without notifying the client.  The lock accounts down and the parents are continuously trying to figure out the problem.  The owners need to pay special attention to this situation and hope that the health department does not become involved.  The front desk has supervisor who is clueless as to the operations of this center.  She is rude and has no answers to questioned put to her about the billing situation.  I am currently looking for another  24 hour day care center.
1	Horrible. Dirty. Unorganized. When we stopped taking our kid we paid what they told us to pay.  But then they sent us to collections saying we still owed. Now my credit is scarred because of them.
1	This place was horrrrrible! I worked there for a while and saw things that I  didn't see at other NORMAL day cares. They yell at the kids and the kids are always sick! They got me sick a bunch of times.Poor employee treatment. They don't pay for MANDATORY meetings. I got written up for not attending a meeting. Also, make you wait for ever to clock in. Many of the employees don't want to be there and you can tell by how they treat the kids. One kid got in trouble for not eating all the food when I specifically told them she didn't like Ranch. Sometimeswas left with an uneven ratio.  Kid's would grab eachothers food
