3	Edinburgh's Royal Mile is probably the most famous street in the city, so it's only natural to find nice wee Scottish pubs lining it. The Mitre is a fine example of one, a traditional Scottish pub that always has live folk music. I play the violin (or fiddle, if you prefer) so I appreciate a good folk-band and there is always great ones in the Mitre. It's alluring to walk past this bar and see the musicians and hear the atmosphere - indeed, that is how I came across it - it's definitely worth a visit.The music is normally in the evening, so if you're walking around the city drop in, you won't be disappointed.As with all bars on the Royal Mile, however, it's quite pricey. But good for the odd drink
3	What a pretty little pub The Mitre is. Lined with flower baskets and happy drinkers, it's a pub that looks welcoming to the hoards that mass by on the Mile.Full of wee trinkets and friendly staff, you will certainly feel at home here if you nip in for a wee pint. Have only eaten here once and it was over a year ago. I wasn't overjoyed with my haggis - a little dry but nice all the same. But this place really does boast a crackin 'feel' to it so go in and sample the atmosphere. They do a nice pint of Guinness here too
4	This high-ceilinged, old-looking, wooden-furnitured pub, located on the Royal Mile has a really convivial atmosphere. I must admit, the first time I went in, it was only because it was pissing it down in Edinburgh, I wanted to get some shelter and pint to warm me up. But I've returned since, so it was really quite a fortunate situation. This pub has a decent array of ales, but it's got nothing on Cloister's or Doctor's or the Blue Blazer. Apart from that, it's got all the pub stalwarts, but the atmosphere and the room itself make up for it. The clientele are generally quite mixed, since it's on the Royal Mile, so you get your mixture of regulars, suits, tourists and students. If I could have afforded it I would have eaten, since the food looked pretty tasty from where I was sitting and it seemed people went out of their way to eat there, but I'm normally a bit on the poor side of the money spectrum. There's a modern extension out back that lacks the character of the main room, and I wouldn't recommend going there, but it tends to be quite busy so you might find you have no choice in the matter.
4	This was fine food in a great convenient location.  Charming British atmosphere. I had salmon en crout which was great. My husband had venison and he normally doesn't like gamey food but he loved it and thinks it was one of his best meals here.  We didn't have room for dessert. Kinda of touristy but who cares!  We're tourist.
3	It was really just pouring down outside and in combination with heavy winds we needed to get off the street and we ended up just ducking into the Mitre. It was just around the time when they were about to start to serve the regular menu instead of breakfast but service was great and told us we could choose from either menu (so no need for any Michael Douglas 'Falling Down'-scenes).I went for the Scottish breakfast, nothing special more or less the same as I expect in any regular pub in Scotland. Haggis was not very impressive, had much better in other places.Nice enough place for a pint or two but food did not impress. Do however still give it a rating of three for the very friendly service (staff were friendly, gave some good suggestions on what to do as a visitor in town when raining).
4	Great traditional Scottish food and friendly service. We enjoyed the restaurant so much that we went back a second time. Don't be deceived if the pub looks full, as it stretches far back with tables and seats that cannot be seen from the street. Great atmosphere and efficient delivery of food and drinks.
2	We only went there for a quick visit on the Saturday afternoon and the first impression was that it wasn't trying hard enough - not for the touristy location and the expected customers. The venue is grand. Dark carved wood, grandly patterned high ceiling, with some modern touches (that is what made it a mismatch)  Well lit and it has an impressive bar area which is a focal point. There are comfortable buttoned brown leather seats (in various states of repair), high stools and benches. they also have an area in the back where you can eat. They have an big selection of drinks and the known 'run of the mill' touristy bar snacks/meals (neeps, haggis, blt). I think the Kir Royal as a individual drink was a nice touch and if you're out with the girls this place may supply the required ambiance for an enjoyable afternoon.I am sure that over the summer this place has a bit more character, but this time round I missed it.The service was courteous but could've been more efficient.
4	I've tried several dishes there, so far, they have all been well done. The atmosphere is pretty laid back.
3	When out and about on a pub crawl in the royal mile area we always make a point of stopping off in here for one or two. The bar area is really quite impressive and there is some seating outsifde on the royal mile for those few and far between days we get to people watch. The beer and shorts selection is good and the staff always attentive if not very friendly. Normaly this place would be ticking all the boxes if we left it there, but over half the area is turned over to seating for food. I guess this is no bad thing it just feels a little off, especially as a trip to the toilets means walking the length of the restaurant meandering past familys of tourists suspiciously eying their scotch eggs and plates of haggis. I like the bar area just not the pub as a whole. Never eaten in here and generally avoid the royal mile for food anyway, but the menu looked decent enough as did the food on the way past.
4	Appreciated the convenience of the Mitre nearest the castle.  When I think of a Scottish restaurant, The Mitre is what I expected; historic feeling, accented dark wood furnishings, high ceilings, fireplace, great beers on tap and great Scottish food.  The service was on spot and  really enjoyed the haggis, fish and chips complimented with a nice Scottish ale.
3	It's on the Royal Mile so expect quite a few tourists, especially during the peak season.Ok range of beer, with good food, you should see the size of the Shepard's pie, huge ;-)good place for a quick pint
5	Yes, there some tourists as it is located on the royal mile but it still feels local. Rob treated us as if we were his only customers. He was completely knowledgeable about his beers, his foods, his desserts. My cottage pie was superb and husband's fish and chips was succulent. Nice pub and comfy atmosphere.
3	Two Scottish breakfasts for 10 pounds!That's the selling point here. Simple food (great bacon), decent coffee, and friendly service. This was the perfect place for a late breakfast on a grey, rainy morning.
