1	Reserved a premium car for $62 per day rate.  When I arrived, they did not have a premium car but offered me a dirty Dodge Charger ("standard") which had less than 1/8 of a tank of gas - for $59 per day.  What a joke!
1	Talk about lack of customer service.  I called ahead and reserved a car for $24.99 for a customer of mine to drive while we performed some work for him.  I told the customer to put it on his credit card and I would reimburse him for it.  He brought the bill in and it was for $34.99.  I called and said there must have been a mistake.  The branch manager told me that she would get back to me within 2 days.  No call back.  I called and they told me tough, no refund, and I would have to get it from the customer.  Enterprise does not follow through on their agreements, even if they are the ones screw up.  Too bad.
1	The price ALWAYS changes when you return a car. I use business codes to get cars cheaper, and no matter what they always try to void them upon returning the car. they will also break contract and charge more than what you agree to pay. I recently had to pay an extra 100 dollars because the people at this location are clueless baboons that can't do anything for some reason. They supposedly have no power or ability to call a manager to fix any trouble you get at all. They just pretend you are stupid and make up extremely dumb excuses while ripping you off. I will never rent from Enterprise again. If you do, just be prepared when you come back to spend an extra 100-200 bucks. I came back to an added 600 dollars for my week rental, wasn't too thrilled about that one.....
1	Thanks again enterprise, my wife really didn't need you to pick her up like promised...she had no problem waking in the middle of the day,  it was only 110 outside.  At least the idiot behind the counter,  gave us $10 off.  Terrible service!!!!  Will not use again
5	I don't know why there are such negative reviews. This Enterprise was actually one of the best ones I've been to. I dropped my rental car off that I picked up from another Enterprise a week and a half ago. I was in and out within 5 minutes. The gentleman who helped me was extremely nice. Easy breezy.
5	Rented a luxury car for 5 days for less than $300.  They didn't have a luxury so they upgraded me to luxury elite at no extra cost.  Picking up the car took 5 minutes and when i dropped it off it took 2 minutes.  Staff was very friendly, highly recommended!
