3	Pretty good place to public skate. It gets crowded with little kids but so does every other skate rink in America. Bring your own blades if you got em cause the rentals aren't the best (I like ones that lace up) but other than that I had a great time. Will be coming back for sure.
3	My girls take lessons here!
3	Fun place but not nearly as fun as before. But for an ice skating place it's not too bad. :)
3	I had fun. It was really crowded on open public skate for just using the one rink, though and the music they were playing was pretty repetitive. We did luck out when the girl at the register gave us the "group rate" even though we weren't with the party there. Thanks! Because it was so crowded, it did smell like feet galore! Be warned...
4	Fun place to hang out with kids and family. The employees are helpful and nice. Sometimes they have special pricing through City of Gilbert, Groupon or living social. One of our favorite activities in summer!!
4	A great place to cool down in the summer. Takes me back home to the North for an hour
4	I was so glad that Gilbert finally had it's own ice rink! Unfortunately, I did not have long  to try it out because my family moved out of Gilbert shortly afterward, but I recently came back for an ice skating session with my friends. Having a huge group and getting the group rate was so nice. I think the usual cost is $8 for an adult plus $3 or $4 for skate rental. The skates are of course not very comfortable. They are the standard blue, strap-on, plastic skates that are standard across all Polar Ice facilities. They are always such a pain, and I've always gotten blisters from skating in those. They don't provide enough support either. I often walked away with sore ankles and sore soles. As such, I bought my own pair of ice skates a few years back so I wouldn't have to pay the skate rental fee. With my own skates, my feet never feel sore, and I can skate for the entire 2.5 hours of public skate time without sitting down to give my feet a break. My friends often had to sit on the side because their feet hurt so bad. So overall, the facility is great, but the shoes suck. For occasional skating though, they will do. This place still deserves 4 stars because the staff here is really nice. My friends and I were taught to skate backwards by a staff members, and one of the other staff members also took photos for us.
3	Location not closed. Sent feedback to yelp already. Had fun with a small group of Friends during public skating. Remember to bring long socks to save yourself from scrapes and cuts from the skates. Price was reasonable for the value. Check out their site for hours and bring quarters to rent lockers.
3	This location is now called AZ ICE GILBERT.  It is NOT closed, just under new ownership.  Hopefully now, things will start to improve as there has been an absence of ownership for quite some time as the property was in receivership.  Cafe has been closed and hoping it will re-open soon.  Looking forward to a whole new rink experience.  As things improve, so will my star rating.
