5	This place is phenomenal!!!There are 24 regular courts and an amazing center court with blue surfacing and pristine white boundary lines.  The guy behind the counter asked if we wanted to play center court since there weren't many people out.  After contemplating whether we wanted an 'All-Star' experience, we declined realizing that we'd have a larger surface area to shag balls.Most of the regular sized courts are built in tandem with an adjoining court, separated by a waist high, chain link fence.  In between the openings of the fence you'll find a shaded bench with water holder and small trash receptacle.  Water fountains are found throughout the complex and you could rent an automatic tennis 'tutor' if you just wanted to practice your swing.  Indoors, there are 2 raquet ball courts and some ping pong tables.  The complex has seasonal hours but from now until Aug 31st, they're open 7 days a week from 7:30AM to 11:30AM and 4PM to 10PM.  They also have a small 'pro shop' with select items.  If you're a Surprise resident you can rent a court for $2 and play for 1.5 hrs.  It's $3 if you're non-resident but the cost is minimal for a top notch facility.
3	Good facility but such a shame that it is out in the "boonies".  People complain about the Cardinals' stadium being on the wrong side of town, and it is quite a drive, but apparently they've not driven out to the Surprise Tennis facility.Courts are new and in good shape, but they give an annoying high and slow bounce.  While it's great to see your kick serves dig in to the gritty court and pop up, the rest of your serves slow down for the receivers, and it's very tough to put away shots because they bounce up so nicely for your opponent.  Slow hard courts are ruining the game, but I'll end my rant here.Staff is fairly nice and the locker rooms have always been clean when I visited.  They could do a much better job at directing traffic for large events, especially for those of us who approach from the south to southeast.
5	Fun to go and play around a little bit. Really nice facility.
5	This is such a great thing to have in surprise. My wife and I had never really played any racquet sports before moving to surprise. We immediately picked up racquetball as it's really one of the only good sports to do in the summer due to the heat. We are just starting to pick up tennis, but I can say with certainty that there is no way we would have gotten as involved if this place wasn't so close to our home. I'd give it 6 stars if I could.
5	What a gorgeous, professional looking facility! With 24 regular courts and a spectacular center court, it is really a nice showpiece in Surprise. We've been taking lessons for a few weeks now and our teacher is EXCELLENT. Can't say enough nice things about the facility and its staff.
