4	Barber is really nice - the shop is cosy and seems very well maintained.I went in without an appointment, and the barber clearly was busy with a steady stream of appointments. Upon asking, he mentioned that he'd be able to squeeze me in, as long as all I needed was a haircut and I didn't mind waiting. This didn't pose a problem for me, so I sat in the waiting room for about twenty minutes.The haircut itself was quick and well done. He was amiable and made good small talk - he seemed to have a greater rapport with familiar customers, which is a very positive sign. The haircut didn't require too much work on my end.One very pleasant surprise was that he used a straight razor to trim the back of my neck. I asked him, and he mentioned that he does do straight razor shaves. He couldn't do one for me, since I was fit in between appointments. But if you're looking for a straight razor shave in town, this is the only one I've been able to find in the city so far.I'd definitely recommend an appointment though.
5	I signed up on Yelp to write this review.  After moving away from Pittsburgh, I've come to miss the awesome haircuts I could get from Tom at Golden Razor.  It's a small, single-chair shop that is popular among the locals.  I always called ahead for appointments, as it is usually fairly busy. Tom performs scissor cuts very quickly and accurately.  The straight razor clean up is also a nice touch.  I've never been disappointed with a cut, and it's a great value at $12.
5	Tom Papa is the master.  He is a consummate professional and able to cut hair from all styles (including Asian).  He has served multiple generations of residents and hopefully will be for many more years to come.  Very accommodating to medical personnel without prior appointments.  Closed Sundays and Mondays.
4	This place is awesome.  He was closed but was still there cleaning and took me in for a great old school cut.  I'd tried some salons and was relying on Sueprcuts a lot and hadn't been to a barber in quite some time.  Sure, I haven't had this kind of haircut since gradeschool, but he did clean it up quite nicely and even gave my beard a clean trim.  Definitely recommended if this is what you're looking for.  Also, some great conversation
4	I was desperately in need of a hair cut. Generally I had went to Hair friends in Oakland, who are great for styling hair in  a particular fashion , but quite pricey. I wanted a shorter, neat cut, and this shop was open. The gentleman was very affable, and the atmosphere was pleasant. As others have stated, he does a very thorough, and quick hair cut. This is not Supercuts, folks, he knows how to cut hair. Funny guy too, I will return.
5	Writing this review for the all the Laaadies! Mr. B Had come to town for a visit and needed a trim in October. i had passed the Golden Razor on several occasions as it is in my neighborhood. I had a really good feeling about this place even before seeing the results it yielded.We were out to run errands and walked inside. Two gentlemen were seated and a lovely man with a thick Italian accent told us he could fit Mr. B in after his next cut. The place reminded me of a small shop that would be located on a tiny street in Naples. One chair running constantly. Tom the barber is very busy and you can see that his clientele is very loyal. The appointment was quick and the atmosphere jolly. The topics of conversation revolving around Italy and current events. I felt like an interloper because I was probably one of the only chicks that ever goes in there. I could tell by the looks I got from the guys coming in. I just smiled and kept up the conversation with Tom and Mr. B. This cut was very simple but he shaped the hair just perfect and when we walked outside I gave Mr. B a kiss and told him he looked marvelous!Our second visit was mid February. Mr. B was trying to go a little longer with the his hair but it was just looking unkempt. I decided that I liked his hair a little bit on the longer side so after calling and securing an appointment this visit, Mr. B asked my opinion after sitting in the chair. I told Tom I preferred the hair a little more full and not such a close cut. He smiled and kept up a nice chatter with the both of us. A steady stream of calls and locals walking in to make appointments again made the atmosphere so pleasant.  This Hair cut was especially fantastic. Mr. B had such a dapper look, I loved the cut and gave him a big hug and kiss then told him how handsome he was. The pricing is also extremely fair. I want to jump up in that chair myself instead of going to yet another salon. Tom also remembered us from our first visit and that is just good people skills! Love, love, love the Golden razor. * Cash only and give this man a proper tip
5	If there were an option to give an extra star for a "special" experience, I would surely do so for Golden Razor. I must confess that I have a really thick beard and my stubble would surely light a match. Well but it did meet its match out here. The shave out here gives me a sense of hope against the injustice of my beard. Also I have been lucky to taste some home made lemoncello from the house of the master himself!
5	The barber did a double take when I walked in. I had long hair and a beard two weeks old. He did a great job in less than 30 minutes and was very social and pleasant throughout.  The straight razor shave with all the hot towels and other treatments was particularly cool.
5	I called in to see if I could squeeze an appointment in on the day of the call. He said he was pretty busy, but that I could swing by at 4:30pm. This place is a one-man-shop with two barber chairs, and I knew that going in. I'm pretty sure that he knows all of his repeat customers. I found out about this place from a friend who said that the guy who runs it is awesome, and the person getting his hair cut before I arrived was busy in good conversation when I arrived.Anyways, the hair cut was nice, what I wanted, quick, and $14, so not bad. I know nothing about cutting hair, but this guy undoubtedly has a technique he has honed. At the end, instead of using an electric razor to shave the back of my neck, he used a straight razor with warm shaving cream.I'm going to keep coming to this place because I like the traditional feel and the familiar atmosphere.
5	I just moved to the area and went here for the first time the other day. Tomaso did a great job! I high recommend this place.
5	Fit me in on a busy day.
5	Great conversationalist, inexpensive and high quality hair cuts, wonderful old school atmosphere. No computers, no expensive hair products they're trying to hawk, just a man doing his craft. Every time I go there I'm so happy this place is still thriving.
5	Found this great barber shop just by chance when I was scouring the web looking for something totally unrelated. In between stylists I decided to give Toms' place a shot and I'm glad I did. Just wish I would have found him 30 yrs ago! Just your classic barber shop where people come to hang out and solve the worlds problems and get a nice cut and/or straight razor shave.  Smells really great inside just like you would expect an old time barber shop to smell like.  Today Tom had a bar set up in back and invited me to some "Christmas cheer" also when I commented on a particular talc he gave me a brand new bottle free! Great place and a great guy. Starting a new tradition with my son by going there together.
4	Had a great experience with Tom! He gave exactly the haircut I needed and is such a great guy to talk to, with a great story. Definitely recommended even if you have to take a bus / drive to get to his shop!
5	My friends recommended this barber shop and I am normally used to getting my haircut by the same barber since I was little so I was very nervous. After, meeting Tom and getting my hair cut by him just one time I knew this is now the barber for me. He understands all of your instructions and he follows through 100%. Once he's done you will be glad that you came here to get your hair cut.
5	I went as a walk-in on a random Wednesday.  Tom was busy, but he squeezed me in.  In about 15 minutes and with very little direction from me I had the tighest fade this side of the Mississippi.  It was pretty neat just to watch him work.  He's truly a master at what he does and I regret every dollar I've ever spent at those bargain "value" chains where the stylists are typically a revolving door of mediocrity.  I challenge you to find a better cut for $14.
5	My husband comes here to get his hair and beard trimmed. I am always happy with the result. that simple. :)A couple of times I have accompanied him to the Golden Razor and have always found Tom to be accommodating, very friendly, efficient and professional. He is also so kind to my daughter - who loves to go with daddy to get his hair cut. I could not recommend him enough. My husband always has a great experience there and holds a very high opinion of Tom.  He takes appointments and even though the man is very busy he will try to accommodate walk-ins but I would suggest you call ahead first.
5	Best barber in Pittsburgh. Tom is always willing to squeeze customers in but it's better to call ahead. I've been going to Golden Razor for over a year and will continue to as long as Tom is cutting!
5	Best Damn Haircut Ever. Grade: A+Imma be blunt: Fellas, stop wasting your time & money on talentless hacks (the 99.9% of people who cut hair) & make this guy your regular.This guy puts everyone else in the haircutting game to shame. Male, female, gay, straight, black, white, young or old...they all suck compared to this Italian-American dude. He is a true artist & even has a mini-statue of Michelangelo's David next to the chair (a very cool reclining chair) for inspiration or as a reminder that you're going to be walking out of there looking like a masterpiece.Called ahead on rainy Saturday & left with the best haircut I've had in years. Hip but not hipster, classic handsome good-looking cut. All done with minimal direction from me (take the sides & back in, comb the front forward & give it some height). I went home, inspected his work & it was flawless 360! Not one missed spot (usually, for me, behind the ears), & not one follicle left untended.Incredible attention to detail, very friendly intelligent funny guy (when he was done, he said, "Well, I've done enough damage to you...What do you think?"), good conversation & casual vibes, all for $14...Just. Perfect.#ItaliansDoItBetterI am King of All Bad Haircuts no more.#Freedom
5	Phenomenal. Tom is an awesome man who gives a solid haircut. The atmosphere was nothing but welcoming and friendly. The haircut was superb. Seriously, for $15 bucks it doesn't get much better than that. Get down to Bloomfield and experience it for yourself. The true Italian way.
5	Great haircut, even better atmosphere.Tom is an excellent barber and is clearly a fixture of the neighborhood.  Not only was he on a first name basis with almost all of his customers, it seems pretty clear that they have all been loyal for years.  I wandered in here when my (now former) regular guy was closed between Christmas and New Year's, and the awesome old-school charm of the Golden Razor has won me over.  It is definitely best to call ahead for an appointment, but he was able to squeeze me into his busy schedule same day.  I don't actually know how much he charges for a haircut because I just gave him a $20 bill and said thanks - I'm assuming from other reviews, though, that he charges around $15 for a regular cut."How is the Golden Razor old school," you ask?  In addition to Tom's obvious skills and the nice touch of using a straight razor on the back of the neck, there was a self-serve open bar and a stack of Playboys in the corner.  Johnny Walker Red and soda while you wait for a haircut?  Not a bad way to go!Do yourself a favor and check out the Golden Razor - Tom knows what he's doing and all of the other positive reviews are on the money.
