5	In recent years Las Vegas has seen various forms of 'Gastro-Pub' appear here and there around town. 'Herb's and Rye' over on Sahara and Valley View,  'Todd English P.U.B.', at the Crystals Shopping with Aria and more recently 'Public House' at The Venetian. All offer a dining experience with lots of great food, great mixed cocktails and most with an extensive beer list. The food offerings are all similar with fresh shellfish at many,  braised and pickled meats, and often rich delicious dessert items. Enter Culinary Dropout.  Described as a Gastro Pub with 'Amp'd Up Food Fare', the newest addition to the pub scene also includes some pretty amazing classic style cocktails, as well as some more original bar offerings, and a tasty wine list. Among my favorite - the "Smashed Irishmen' a concoction of Guinness, Jameson Irish Whiskey , Honey and Mint.. It's sweet and in my opinion, delicious is  truly an understatement. To go along with that, I had one of the most perfect Old Fashion Cocktails that I have ever experienced, finished with Luxardo Cherries and Fresh Orange.. I know, I know.. mixing liquor can be dangerous.. but seriously fun! The food menu is just as varied. An antipasti menu with a superior selection of cheeses, cured meats and vegetables, as well as some very 'comfort-food' style selections. There is a delicious Fried Chicken with Fresh Buttermilk Biscuits,  Pan Seared  Trout with an Almond Butter Sauce, and even a version Panag-Style Chicken Curry with Potatoes. For the slightly more foodie adventurous, Id say to give the Jambalaya shot.. House Made Andouille Sausage, Shrimp and Chicken.. with Pablano Peppers.. sure to set your mouth on fire. For dessert.. I'd have to say the Salted Caramel Custard topped with fresh Caramel Popcorn is my absolute favorite, but the Chocolate Peanut Butter Tart comes in close second. Whatever you end up with, Culinary Dropout has a nice hold on the idea of a place really being fun. Live music, great scenery and quality food and drink. You will find me here often I think. Happy Eating!
5	Yumm! I was fortunate to be invited to their VIP soft opening last night. Sam, the owner was so sweet and comped the girls and I an amazing meal and drinks! Thank you Sam! ;) I will upload a pic.Their cocktail menu is fun and varied! I forgot the name of my cocktail but it was made with champagne and ginger, delish!We unleashed our inner fat girls, and at Sam's recommendation, ordered a variety of menu items:Raw Bar:-Oysters-Black mussels-King Crab LegsAppetizers:-Artichoke-Pretzel bread and cheese fondue-Gorgonzola chicken saladEntrees:-Salmon with apples-Rainbow trout-36 hour ribsDessert:-Apple Monkey BreadWOW everything so good!! My favorite bites were the selections from the raw bar, especially the black mussles, the broth was so flavorful! I also really liked the 36 hour ribs, the sauce was so rich and delicious.That said, I think the best bite of the night was the apple monkey bread. It came in a cast iron skillet with a scoop of ice cream on the side. If your favorite cinnamon roll and your favorite bread pudding had a love child, it would be Culinary Dropout's apple monkey bread!Service was fantastic, we had numerous waiters and staff being very attentive to us.I can't wait to come back, thank you again for treating us so well Sam! xoxo
3	We went to culinary drop out and enjoyed our meal. We had the jambalaya, beef stroganoff, chicken curry, fish and chips & a side of bread. Our friend ordered a salad & it came with no croutons....he needed carb crunch in his life. He asked our waitress and they made him fresh croutons. It did take a long minute BUT well worth the wait....THEY WERE YUMMY!!! Yup we all had to try one. We were all happy with our food. The chicken curry came with this magnificent sauce so that's when we ordered a side of bread to dip with.... DELISH!!! I would highly recommend the curry chicken I think that was the best plate of the evening & don't forget the bread.There is indoor & outdoor seating and we loved the decor. Our waitress was sweet but a little slow. I do feel the place was a bit pricey for what you get.Overall I would give this place a 3.5 but cant figure out how to do 1/2 a star! lol
5	I went here for the first time.  All I have to say is "Wow!"  This place from the decor to the food just blew me away.  The place has such a homey feel to it that my wife and I enjoyed it right off the bat.We had the pretzel and provolone cheese dip for an appetizer.  This thing was just phenomenal.  The pretzel, seasoned with sea salt, comes out with a nice provolone dip.  The pretzel was great with or without the dip.  We had the Korean Ribeye Cap.  This thing blew my wife and me away.  The meat was so tender and juicy.  They cooked this thing where everything was perfect.  The spice, the vegetables, the seasoning, the meat; everything came together for a perfect blend.  This is the one thing I would recommend everyone trying.For dessert we had the monkey bread.  Like someone else already posted if you wanted a bread pudding mixed with your favorite cinnamon roll this would be it.Everything is great, the price is reasonable (especially considering this is Vegas), the waiters are very attentive, and the cooks are great.Like I said this has become a staple visit every time I come out to Vegas.
5	I was completely impressed by their spread and prices for ambience!  Such a great venue and restaurant concept.. Modern, fun, delicious and worth every cent!  Must try's:  rainbow trout, salmon and king crab legs... For dessert:  caramel custard and monkey bread.  Definitely my new crave in Vegas!
4	Delicious food with a twist! - Yes it's in the hard rock so it not easily accessible to locals but it worth the drive. Prices aren't' that bad and great decor and ambiance.
4	Culinary is a dope spot! Food is great! Space is cool. Please put one right next to my house please. Stay away from the fries. Theyre too delicious.
4	I've gone to the Scottsdale location for a few years each time I go down to visit for spring training.  So, when I heard that Fox Restaurants was opening a Culinary Dropout in Vegas, I was very excited.Fun atmosphere, with great natural light as both the bar and restaurant open up to the patio to overlook the pool at the Hard Rock.   Food seems to be right on par from the Scottsdale store - pretzel bread fondue, fried chicken and pork belly cubano, taste just like I remember - great flavor, good portions and good value.  Beer menu and cocktail menu is top ten on the strip (if you want to put Hard Rock on the "Strip").  I sat at the bar to watch some Sunday Football, our bartender was very friendly and it was good to see she had her bartending skills honed - technique looked sound and she makes a good crafted cocktail.  Thank god she served us, as another bartender came in later and she seemed to be to wrapped around her nails, her looks and some other bartender rather than serving any of the guests.  If only this was a neighborhood restaurant located at the District in Green Valley, I'd be a permanent fixture...  But I look forward to going back soon!  Sam, thanks for bringing Vegas a concept we have been lacking for way too long - next time, bring it to my neighborhood.  :)
3	Eh...not good...but not bad.  Just ok and the onion soup was bad.  How can you mess up a simple french onion soup?The fried chicken was good, but overly sweet-fried chicken should not be sweet even if its called maple fried chicken.Shared many apps/salads among friends and they were ok.If you are staying at the Hard Rock its worth a lunch or early dinner, but nothing more.
3	I've never been a huge fan of the Hard Rock's dining options in the past.  I don't necessarily dislike any of them, but other than Nobu none of them have ever struck a chord with me and made me want to do several repeat visits or instilled any sort of cravings deep within, and I can't really afford to blow half a paycheck on sushi on a whim so half the time I end up down the street at Firefly before a concert.  In planning to see Fiona Apple last night I was excited to try Culinary Dropout from it's positive reviews and creative menu.  Upon arrival I stupidly hadn't thought to make reservations and there was a 45 minute wait.   The hostesses were kind enough to let us know that bar seating was available and we had a seat long these long wooden tables with stools.  I found them comfortable as far as stools go (I typically prefer backs and armrests on chairs #chairsnob), my dining partner that evening found them uncomfortable as the feet rests near the bottom of the stool were set too low for her shorter legs.  The pains of being less than 6 feet tall I guess.  We started by ordering some small plates of cured olives and grilled asparagus, as well as some jack and cokes (though some of the custom made cocktails sounded delicious, I'm generally opposed to spending $12 per drink unless it's a last resort or I'm only planning on having 1 or 2, which is pretty much never).   The olives were as expected, and the grilled asparagus which was served chilled with sea salt were very tasty and worth the $4.  Our first order of jack and cokes arrived with what seemed like nearly flat coke.  I'm not one for complaining unless something is egregious so we sucked them up literally and figuratively and let the waitress know for our second order and she very nicely and graciously went to the 2nd bar area for the next round and they were fine (and strong!)  For entrees I tried the Pork Cubano sandwich which comes with a side of fries.  My companion ordered the Bistro steak.  Upon arrival I was a little disappointed in the look of both meals.  The steak was quite possibly the smallest steak I'd ever seen on a plate, though to be fair my companion was fine with the size and didn't even finish it (note:  women.  smh) The cuban was on some sort of regular sliced bread and not on a roll of cuban bread as I expected.  That chapter on cubans must have been after the drop date.  The usage of pork belly instead of a typical sliced ham was interesting, and the flavor of the meat itself and the melted swiss was good, but I did expect more out of it upon ordering.   I thought the pickles were too much on the sweet side and I prefer a more sour pickle with a cuban.  The fries were pretty standard, and the sea salt helped those out tremendously (as sea salt tends to do).  Naturally I cleaned my plate despite any flaws, so it wasn't bad, just slightly disappointing.On an extremely positive note, our server (Dominique?  That's what the receipt says for Cashier) was fantastic.  Eager to explain the menu, checked on us throughout the meal and was efficient throughout.  Next time I'd definitely try the Pretzel Bites and a specialty cocktail (or 3), but for now the Hard Rock dining legacy continues for me.
5	Stopped in for a drink on Friday this weekend and was extremely pleased!Customer service was great, Bex, was very accommodating and suggested delicious olives and nuts as aps- tried their pineapple Pisco Sour- delish :)Due to the great experience that I had on Friday, went back for dinner on Sat. This time I tried the oysters, king crab legs and steak.  All were amazing and again the customer service provided bu Bex was outstanding again.No doubt I'll stop in there next time I'm in Vegas again!
5	Wonderful relaxed atmosphere at the Hard Rock with live music, outstanding service at the bar, excellent food and drink selections. Located next to pool area. Friendly staff and other customers and affordable menu. Great draft beer selection and burgers.
2	Located inside the hip Hard Rock Hotel (HRH) and next to the oh so famous Mr. Lucky is this new joint call Culinary Dropout. New to Vegas and ready to be discovered. By the name, I am assuming it's a bunch of great chefs getting together to build a culinary creation without the political bs. Let's get cooking has to be their motto.Why am I so excited about this? Because when we first arrived, there's a line to get in! This has to be a good sign. I'm always stoked to support local chefs with creative minds and energy. It's probably the best kind of food when chefs are able to do what they want and how. The food always seem to speak to you. We have a show to catch and we decided to opt for the bar. Sitting at the bar at any restaurant had proven to be the fastest, or so we thought. This was the beginning to many mistakes to come.As we sat there, I noticed how awesome the inside of this restaurant is. Patio seating, bar seating, open kitchen and so laid back. I'm more excited at this point that I don't realized time is kind of flying by. The staff is dressed in fun outfits to express their own unique styles. It's cool, until you need help and can't differentiate who is who. Manger? nonexistence. We sat by the bar in the lounge area and at no point did I see anyone that acted or even resembled a manager. I get that this place wants to play outside the school yard but there really should be a managerial presence for the guests. After placing our orders, its time to kick back and enjoy the night. Here's what's on our menu for tonight.1st course: Shrimp cocktail and french onion soup.You can't go wrong with the shrimp cocktail as an appetizer. We saw them on the way in. These big pink shrimp, more like prawns, were delicious. Really clean flavor and simple, served with mayo and cocktail sauce. Soup? Ha! I never got to try it because it came after my entree, in which I sent back. Not to be a brat but who serves soup after the entrees have arrived? Really?2nd course: Turkey pastrami and fried chickenI was told to try these two items and both were good. The turkey pastrami was served on pretzel bread, which seem a little staled and too salty. The overall dish was just okay. It read better than it actually was. It was a cheat day for me and I had to try the fried chicken. When it came out, it was mouth watering. It was golden brown and piping hot. My kind of chicken. This dish was actually pretty good. The batter was again a little too salty but the overall concept was great. Crispy and seasoned on the outside and moist chicken on the inside. It was served with mashed potatoes, corn biscuits and coleslaw. The mash potatoes were creamy and very suitable with fried chicken. Same with the biscuits. However, the coleslaw, someone please pull it off the menu. It was watery and over dressed with this vinegar taste. It was not appetizing whatsoever. 3rd course: Brioche dessert. This course never happened for us because we barely had time to eat our main dishes.I can't express how disappointed I was with this place. Everything there was so unorganized. Our server was completely untrained. He had no idea on how to manage his time. Stop running to the back for one thing at a time. It took 20 MINUTES for shrimp cocktails and 35 MINUTES for soup to come. How is this possible? Both of these items are already prepared. Our server kept telling us he was going to check up on our food but as I looked around, people who came way after us has gotten their appetizers before us. Either he's lying or chef really hates him enough to mess up his food orders. It wasn't just our server that was clueless. The "food runners" were clueless too. We kept getting girls coming to our table and wanting to drop off appetizers. Do you not know where the tables are? Or can you not read? I don't know what is going on with this place but if they keep up their way of service, this place will definitely DROP OUT of the food scene. Get your gears together and organize. I probably won't be coming back to this place for another 3 or 4 months, assuming they'll still be there. I want to love this place because it is set up really well and the food was good and the atmosphere was super fun and young. I wish they would clean up and manage the staff better. Just because your place has the word dropout doesn't mean you need to hire dropouts.
5	Gastropub - my definition is nice fatty fat fat bar food that usually can't disappoint, but we were not only NOT disappointed, but very impressed.  According to their website, Culinary Dropout is a gastropub created by Fox Restaurant Concepts.  The first time I encountered a Fox restaurant was in Tucson, AZ with Wildflower and it was amazing.  Food was fresh.  Flavors were well-rounded and the decor and staff were very attractive.  =)  Our experience with Culinary Dropout Las Vegas proved to be product of the brains behind Fox.  Though a different type of restaurant all together, all the details similar to my experience at Wildflower came together.  The service was impeccable (waters filled constantly, all staff checking on you, very smartly dressed in hobo chic for girls and vests for guys).  The food was fatty, delicious and well thought out.  The decor was romantic, whimsical and relaxing, so much so that I felt like I was in an episode of The Hills reality show.  Definitely a date night place or nice cozy hang out with your friends.Foood.1.  Soft Pretzels with Provolone Fondue - Usually not a fan of pretzels, but theses lil' guys were fluffy and perfectly salted and hard to resist once dipped in the warm pot of cheese.2.  Grilled Cheese Sliders with bacon and tomato - Baby sliders!  Just as tasty as they were cute.3.  Jambalaya - Well rounded, robust and perfectly sauce.  Best jambalaya yet? oooo4.  Fried Chicken with honey biscuits, potatoes and gravy - Nothing can beat fried chicken at Ad Hoc in Napa, but this chicken platter had it's own character.  The breading was delicate, light and uniquely seasoned (cumin, my friend Tina says?).  The honey biscuits were slightly sweet and fluffy; I totally commandeered the rest of said friend's biscuits.5.  The Pub Burger with havarti, bacon and house bbq sauce - Big burger = Big flavor.  Nice moist burger patty with sweet smokey bbq sauce.6.  Monkey Bread - Ooey gooey, warm and comfortingConclusion:  I'm coming back to hang out when I want feel trendy and eat well.p.s.  For the HGTV addicts, we saw Antonio Ballatore and got a picture with him!
4	I go to the Hard Rock almost every time I'm in Vegas and it feels like this spot is a different restaurant each time I'm there. Finally they put a restaurant there that's reasonably priced and the food is amazing. We went on Saturday during brunch and their capn crunch french toast is really good. I hope they are still there next time I go to Vegas so that I can try their other menu items and they cocktails because everything sounded so good.
3	Restaurant? or Modeling Agency?About 5 of my buddies and grabbed an early dinner at Culinary Dropout this past weekend. From the hostess to the janitor, everyone in this joint was freaking beautiful. What does this have to do with quality food or service? NOTHING. But its just a fact everyone should know. Boom!I actually ordered a couple things: Fish N Chips, Grilled Cheese, and The Turkey Pastrami. Without going into details, the Fish N Chips were ridiculously small and the Grilled Cheese was elementary. However, the Turkey Pastrami was incredible. It wasn't as greasy as the usual pastrami and tasty as hell! Did I mention the employees? No, besides the fact that they were goddesses, the service was fantastic. I like to ask a waitress how something [that sounds gross] tastes. I wanna test their integrity. I love it when they say, "Don't order that." And that they did! I like honesty. Makes me feel warm and fuzzy inside. I'd go back. Obviously.
5	I love this place.  They have fun food like grilled cheese and tomato soup, salads, pasta, sandwiches.Here's the reasons why1) open floor plan w/ massive garage doors that open to the outside world2) outside seating w/ fire pits3) tasty and reasonably priced feel-good food [all meals are under $20]4) attentive staff5) LIVE music6) chandeliers & comfy seating7) raw bar and antipasto menu8) Big Bar with bar seatingTotally going back. I went with some friends and one has already been back.
5	I had high expectations coming to Culinary Dropout. I go to school in Phoenix and have eaten at several of the other restaurants by Fox RC. I don't think they have a restaurant that I haven't loved, and Culinary Dropout was no exception. Our server, Elliot was very attentive and it almost seemed like whenever I wanted something he was right there. The atmosphere was very cool. We sat on the patio outside and, despite being surrounded by a huge hotel, the lights and decorations created an intimate atmosphere. Since this was our first time at the restaurant, we asked Elliot to select some of his favorite items on the menu for us to share. He brought over mini grilled cheese sandwiches, roasted artichokes, soft pretzels with cheese dipping sauce, crispy bread with burrata cheese, pork ribs, and an ahi tuna salad. Everything was fantastic. I had a great time there and will definitely return on my next Vegas visit.As you can see by my rating, this is place you should check out.
5	This is a great spot to get drinks and food during the day.  It has great indoor/outdoor seating at the bar and tables.  You can hear the music from Rehab it's a good time!
5	Might be our best meal in Vegas YET! My wife and I ate here at 5pm right before going to a concert at the Joint. Was perfect. In and out in just under an hour. Atmosphere is really slick. Feels like fine dining but without all the pretense that can get old after being in Vegas for a week. I would recommend sitting inside. If it's available, the tables that have the leather sofa on one side and a living-room-style padded arm chair on the other side are awesome. You can watch the guys on the line and the wait staff at the pass. Love that they're all in plain clothes and while being very professional, also, being very approachable. So for the food...We started with the Warm Pretzel fondue appetizer. HIGHLY recommend. Especially if you're going to get a burger, because you can use the leftover cheese for your fries! I ordered the Pub Burger which had bacon, havarti & BBQ sauce. SO good. Bun was so fresh and had a great crust on it. Almost like a pretzel as well, but not too hard. Cooked to a PERFECT medium. Was very pleased. Fries weren't much to get excited about, but when using that Cheese fondue, they became amazing. My wife had the Beef Stroganoff. It was A+. Beef was so lean and mushrooms were delicious. I love that on the menu they straight-up say "Frozen Peas". HA! Again, NO pretense. For drinks, I had a Batch 19 Pre Prohibition style lager & my wife had a Smashed Irishman cocktail that she thoroughly enjoyed. I loved that their cocktail menu had silhouette pictures of the style of cup it would come in. They are also sorted into themed pages where each offering on the page is the same price. Very handy.Didn't save room or time for desert, but the Peanut Butter Chocolate something or other will be on the menu when we make it back next vist to Las Vegas.
4	This place is a real breath of fresh air for the HRH, who really needed something new in the food department.Don't get me wrong, 35 and Nobu are both amazing restaurants if you want to drop some coin, and Mr Luckys is great for simple diner fare, but there was nothing really in between.Now there is. Dropout has a really innovative menu, with lots of delicious and creative choices and preparations. They opened about a month ago, and since I work conveniently nearby, we have eaten there at least half a dozen times so far. Highlights include the raw bar, the antipasti menu, and the indoor/outdoor seating.Well done HRH.The only downsides so far has been the live acoustic music, which is hit or miss and always way too loud. (Hint: sit outside to avoid this)And 2 separate times I got shrimp (Huge shrimp, sold by the piece) and they were a bit pasty on the outside, as if they were starting to turn, but the staff was quick to replace them.So 1-star off for funky shrimp, but I do love this place.
5	This place is great! It has a great atmosphere, attentive/friendly staff, and most importantly, awesome food! The pretzel and cheese fondue appetizer is a must! That cheese was so yummy, I couldn't stop eating it (and had to order another round because I felt bad that I ate most of it). Also, the fried chicken is probably the best fried chicken I've ever had.  Actually, scratch out "probably"....it definitely was!Note that I also discovered that fried chicken and champagne compliment each other very well! Or at least at this place anyway.
4	so, we were here about a month ago and had probably one of the worst experiences at any restaurant. However, we came back and had a much better experience. First of all, we like to thank Mike for inviting us back so we can give this new place a second chance. Secondly, thank you to Alyssa and Erica for making our experience that much better than the first.Alyssa really knew her food knowledge and was really great at checking up on us. Erica came back several times to make sure we were enjoying ourselves and even the food runners knew where to drop off food, which was a challenge for them the last time we were here. Overall, we had a great time and are definitely making this place a go to spot.Now, on to more important business, the food. Here's the break down:1st course: Pretzel and cheese fondue and burrata. You can't go wrong with cheese and pretzels, especially when its fondue. Warm pretzel and cheese, definitely a plus. This app is also great for sharing if you're here with a big group. Burrata, OMG! We've had burrata served all sorts of way but it's definitely the best here. Served with toasty bread and chimichurri, what a combination. It's a little sweet and salty and the burrata adds this creamy and cool element, you have to try this when you're here. This is the perfect deconstruction of a caprese salad.2nd course: Rainbow trout and the Ribeye cap. Rainbow trouts don't  get enough credits if you ask me. This mild white fish is perfect for grilling and pairing with some intense flavors. Here, it is served with some green beans and toasted almonds. The flavor of the fish gets a chance to be the star because the other elements are soft and enhances the flavor instead of overpowering it. But, the star of this course is the Ribeye cap. It was so tendered and all the flavors were wonderful. Asian inspired so you get a little spicy, a little sweet and a little salty. They're already sliced so consuming them was that much easier. If you're a cilantro (coriander), ask for extra. The flavor adds a little bitterness that goes really well with it.3rd course: Monkey Bread. You all know that I love a good dessert. And this time, we didn't run out of time. It's baked to order so give it a little time to get to your table. It's piping hot when it arrives and you have to eat this with your hands. You pull apart these tiny brioche that is soaked in cinnamon and sugar. It was good. Its a good pull a part version of a cinnamon bun. It was a little too sweet for me so luckily I had some pretty strong coffee to sip on.Ciao and until next time, happy eating everyone :)
5	Weekend Brunch... Fantastic food creations, delicious cheese plates, and uniquely vivid beverages created by inspiring mixologists. The bacon bloody Mary was my first experience with a bloody Mary and the intense warm spice was intriguingly delicious. Try the whiskey with Guinness reduction and fresh mint; did someone say lucky charm? It's magically delicious. Brunch menu has some great items... Ham and cheese on delectable bread. The salmon hash was decent but a little too mayo heavy. Grilled cheese sliders... Phenom. The location right by the pool is so fresh especially with the open air wall. Spectacular!All of the above with really cool and personal service, gets this place my badge... Amazeballs!
4	Everything we ordered was delicious! You must try the bacon bloody mary...amazing! The meats and cheeses we ordered were fantastic. The 3 crab legs were ginormous and meaty. Or entree orders (egg white scrambles and grilled cheese sliders) were just as delicious, but the portion sizes were small compared to the hangovers we were coming off of. It is somewhat expected for a trendy restaurant, but it left us wanting more. :)
2	This place was a joke.  Talk about trying way to hard to be what some 55 year old guy in Scottsdale thinks is "cool" these days...This is Urban Outfitters in restaurant form, which might be forgivable if the food was any good or the menu cohesive.  For a "gastropub", the beer list was pretty pedestrian and the beer menu was inanely laid out.  The menu was all about clever, pseudo-hipster layout and not at all about conveying information about the beers.  On tap they have Lagunitas, but which Lagunitas?  They make several different brews.The food was again trying way too hard to be trendy.  Unfortunately the gastropub trend jumped the shark 5 years ago, as evidenced by this pre-packaged chain restaurant.  In fact I think that this incarnation of a gastropub, cooked up by some restaurant company in that culinary mecca (and launching pad of a dozen chain restaurant monstrosities) of Scottsdale, AZ, may be the ultimate and final indicator of the gastropub shark jump.The douchey beats from the pool outside pound through the restaurant and are beyond annoying.  The pretzels were stale and the cheese sauce they came with was grainy with too much flour in the bechamel.  The chicken curry was laughably bland with a couple of strands of dried up chicken breast and no rice (i took this one to go.)This place is so derivative and contrived.  Simon Kitchen, First Food, and Society are already doing the comfort-retro food much better and don't need to package their menus in some goofy, obvious appeal to a specific demographic (except for First, which is itself an overly-conceived douchatoreum, but with slightly better food than CD).The funny thing is that they are obviously trying to appeal to Brooklyn-hipster types, the exact people who wouldn't be caught dead in the HRH, let alone this charicature of a restaurant.One extra star for the cool couches.
5	I love this place!  I brought my parents here while they were in town on vacation and all of us left raving about how great this place was.  We had the soft pretzel rolls and provolone fondue appetizer, I could have eaten 3 orders of this my myself, it was so amazing!  We also had prosciutto, super tasty, very fresh and seemed high quality.I had the Korean Style steak something, I forget the name of it because I was so  obsessed with how delicious it was!  Super tender, juicy, flavorful....yum!My Dad had fried chicken, which we all agreed was the best fried chicken we had ever had, seriously the best I've ever had in my life.For dessert we shared monkey bread, my parents said it was a little undercooked, which was their only critique of the night, but that's exactly how I like, so no complaints here.  We also had the caramel custard with caramel corn on top, which was fantastic.  The crunch of the popcorn on top with the creamy custard underneath was a great combination.  I'm not a big drinker, but we tried some pretty cool cocktails, my favorite was the bloody mary with the bacon strip in lieu of the celery.  I also loved the atmosphere, really pretty chandeliers and lights, big comfy chairs, and cool industrial vibe.  Can't wait to go back....might actually go tonight!
2	Speaking just about the food, this place is okay. The Pretzel appetizer with fondue was one of the most simple but tastiest appetizers I've had in a while, and all the entrees were at least ok. Where this place absolutely falls apart is the service. Our waitress was very nice and even treated me to a drink for my 21st, but it took almost 20 minutes to get our drinks and we were never given refills. Our appetizer took another 30 min and finally the entree took a ridiculously long 50 minutes. Combine that with the limited menu and I can't go past 2 stars. The drink was tasty though
4	Culinary Dropout is another gastropub that has infiltrated Las Vegas. British and Irish food tends to be heavy and tend to pair well with beers. Dare I say that CD does not match any preconceived connotations, but instead take it to a new level. I had ordered the Fish 'n Chips ($19) and it was worth the casino price. With two other English Pubs nearby, I prefer this version. The cod has a lighter batter which is spiked with heat. Although the setting is dark, the crispy exterior looked to be tinted in red. A taste of Tabasco laces the shell and lends an enjoyable characteristic profile. The side of coleslaw was also unique with a hint of citrus. I finished that first. As for desserts, it should not be passed upon. The peanut butter chocolate pie is better than the traditional banoffee pie. This declaration is not meant to undermine the deliciousness of the latter. I could devour a whole pie of either, but the chocolate version will always be first choice. The casual nature of the establishment makes me like it more. The dark tones and rich decor had me lounging in the banquette. I am also rather jealous of the staff. They are able to dress in their own attire. Although a neat concept, it makes distinguishing them rather difficult.
1	I gave this place a bad grade because my burrata was hard which is odd . the rest of the food was good service was ok . But looking at the bartenders from my seat the guys looked dress for the part . the girls looked to causal one with long dark straight hair touched her hair like 8 times with out washing her hands and ate something with out washing her hands again their was like ten health code violations . so i just dont like places that arent watching their staff because they atre the people taking care of us
4	Top 3 Reasons I heart CDO: *Pretzel Balls w/ Cheese Fondue*Captain Crunch Encrusted French Toast (Only served on weekends for brunch)*Pork Belly Cubano 3 Minor things that irk me about CDO: *It's only open for brunch on the weekends.*The staff doesn't have standard uniforms. They do however rock grey, black, or plaid vests mimicking employees at Forever 21 or H&M.*The Gastro-pub theme is a bit played out, but at least the industrial decor and inviting patio keeps it current.
5	Food and ambiance was AMAZING!!  I was being treated by some awesome friends for my birthday and it was my first time dining there..... The place and staff are fantastic!  Our waitress was friendly and informative.  The manager was sweet and she even brought out my birthday dessert.  Thank you Culinary Dropout for a beautiful and memorable birthday!
2	Tonight was our 2nd time dining at this establishment. 1st time was for opening weekend and we had the best time! Service was great, food was great, Kelley James band was awesome... wish I could say the same for our experience tonight.  Had reservations at 7:45, was promptly seated & then it all went downhill. We weren't even acknowledged by our waiter for 15 minutes.  When our spiky blonde H&M wearing waiter decided to give us the time of day we advised him we were ready to order or drinks & apps & our entree seeing as we were already sitting there for 15 minutes (no care in the world from him) Food... It turned into an over priced gastropubishh meal.  Had the chips & dip app ($7 for over-fried kettle chips) Mac burger (bun falling apart after each bite) turkey pastrami sandwich (decent) shrimp salad (recommend but still over priced at $15) oh and they are super stingy on the fries! Now back to our waiter - typically we tip 20% + but I honestly had a very hard time giving him even 10% sorry dude but you possibly gave us the worst service we have experienced in LV. Culinary Dropout I wish I could love you, I wish I could recommend you, but you simply just aren't a place for repeat customers.  You won't be seeing anymore of our $$$
5	Seriously love this place. The service is amazing. You have a view if the pool and the prices aren't bad. I had the roast beef sandwich and it was to die for. Yummy!
4	Just had the Bistro Steak,damn good steak!Great environment, good customer service from the host to the waiters.I will return Culinary Dropout!
4	The Soft Pretzels & Provolone Fondue appetizer was really good. Although I may be biased as I am not one to refuse warm bread dipped in melted cheese. Thanks to the past reviewers that recommended it. My entree was the Chicken Curry, which was also great. The service was excellent.
4	Great ambiance, the perfect blend of stylish and casual, trendy but not pretentious. Some items were overpriced and not too inventive, but their selection of cured meats and cheese is great. They also have a great cocktail list. During the day the outdoor seating is gorgeous. I saw their breakfast menu and it looked like perfect hangover food. Service is friendly and happy to help. The Jambalaya was sub par, but for the overall success of our meal I'd still love to return.
5	Get the pretzel foudue! - this place was great and a great suprise, we didn't know it was here.
5	Best restaurant in Vegas. By far. Come take a look, even if just to walk thru.The waitstaff was AWESOME! The Fried Chicken was incredible-the batter was something like i have never tasted...needed NO sauce at all.The pretzel and cheese fondue app was okay...but if an option just get the pretzels. The cheese is nothing special, very bland w no taste at all.the view is what sets it off.
3	Had High Expectations that barely were met. The word gastropub is becoming dirty in Las Vegas.  Culinary Dropout gave me a perspective on how to abuse this title.  Not a HUGE (Cheesecake Factory/Grand Luxe-esque) but Vegas appropriately broad selection of dishes.  The space that restaurant consumes makes it feel like a hanger with a dynamic inside-outside transition that shows off the beauty of the HRH pools.That's where everything went downhill...The service was Vegas nice, the music was Hard Rock music and despite GnR beginning their residency, I was expecting a larger rush at the CD.  The antipasti which we ordered came approximately 3.5 minutes to my buddy and mine's entrees being served.  All of which were at room temperature...no bueno.No bueno on a few folds...cured meats at room temperature are very strange (to me) at room temperature.  Add a bistro steak ordered Medium Rare, SERVED Rare, and at room temperature is also distressing, the only reason I didn't send it back was the flavors from the gastrique and Gorgonzola and my supreme hunger level at that time.My buddy had mixed views of his Pork Cubano.There were highs and lows, but right now plans for a return visit.
5	Amazing restaurant.  Went here on a whim after getting stranded in Vegas post-Hurricane Sandy.  The pretzels and cheese fondue are to die for, so do NOT miss them.  The build-your-own meat and cheese plate is amazing, and everything that comes out of the kitchen looks phenomenal.  The furniture inside is gorgeous and the exterior has a great campfire feeling to it.  Staff was awesome as well as amazingly helpful in recommending a good place for us to go that night to party.  I will most definitely be coming back here my next time in Vegas!
4	Is this becoming a nationwide trend? It's apparently the age of the chain gastropub. And I gotta say, I like it.Culinary Dropout is part of the Fox Restaurant Concepts conglomerate of restaurants; the original Culinary Dropout is in Fox's homebase of Scottsdale. I can haz franchising rights in Texas?I'd heard good things about Hard Rock's atmosphere, and while that mostly disappointed, Culinary Dropout was a fine time. We made reservations for 9 people on a Saturday night, which were completely unnecessary. The restaurant was about half-full, though part of the reason is it's huge with a great, casual patio.We immediately got a free serving of Soft Pretzels & Provolone Fondue--delicious--a result of a duplicate order. Great start. I was mostly drawn to the impressively diverse, if pricey, beer menu. Woe is me; instead of embracing diversity, I ended up sticking to the very delicious Joseph James lager all night. There's some good stuff on there, and if you've lost all your money gambling on the tables there's also a "paper bag special" for $3. Our waitress described it as Bud Select or something of that ilk; we stayed away but I found it cheekily fun.Menu prices are quite reasonable after getting eye-gouged by the Vegas exchange rate. The Meatloaf--my choice, was exceptionally large and quite filling. Ends were more than a little burnt, but I enjoyed the "meaty" part and enjoyed the sides. The Shaved Prime Rib Dip got huge raves from our waitress, who was excellent all night, as well as my fellow diners who ordered it. The Fish & Chips and 36-Hour Pork Ribs were called as decidedly average.It's a really great ambiance, and if the Hard Rock had more of the "zoo" atmosphere that I was promised, I think the night would've been even better. As it is, it's a short cab ride from the strip and was still a great time regardless.
2	Well I'll say one thing from the get go, they named this place perfectly.  My friend and I came here for dinner, and while the atmosphere was nice, and the service was good, the food left a lot to be desired.We ordered an antipasti plate with a meat, cheese, and the crusty bread and olive oil, which were fine, but what sucked was that they brought it out at the same time as our mains!  It's called an antipasti for goodness sakes, it's supposed to come out Before the main course.Another issue was with the mains.  My friend had the Bistro Steak, and he ordered it medium rare, but we're both pretty sure that it came out rare, but it was so covered in sauce that it was hard to tell.  It was also cool when it came out, which was weird.  I had the pork belly cubano sandwich, which was tasty, but super oily.  I'm pretty sure they cooked the bread on the griddle with butter, because while the edges were crunchy, the center was still a little soggy and greasy.  I also wish they had used more of the spicy mustard and pickles, because after the pork belly, those two were my favorite parts of the sandwich.Overall, 3 stars for service and ambiance, and 2 stars for food.
2	Wasn't a fan. We had a reservation, showed up and were told to come back in 30 minutes or we had to sit outside. It was so windy that the menus kept blowing away. When we finally got moved inside it was freezing cold inside. While many people enjoyed their food I found my Korean Steak to be really bland. Great drink menu
3	Food was not insanely good but I would probably try this place one more time.  They had lots of crazy cocktails which we had too many of.  We had a group of about 8 people and the check had the automatic tip baked in and I didn't realize it...hope they enjoyed the 40% tip.
5	AWESOME! a must try when in Vegas!Try the Wild Berry Blueberry Beer, and the pretzels as an appetizer!! AWESOME combination. The servers were extremely nice and helpful, very talkative with the customers. Very delicious and amazingly tasty food! Will return when I go to Vegas!
3	Decent.We ventured here last weekend on the recommendation of someone who is local to Vegas.  The atmosphere fits right in with the Hard Rock.  It has a fairly open floor plan...which I like specifically for people watching.  The service that we had was really good...spot on and efficient.  The food was just decent, though.  We started with the pretzel appetizer...I didn't find this as appealing as other reviewers have.  I ordered the grilled cheese sliders for my entree...nothing special, but not bad either.I would probably mention this place to a friend visiting Vegas and I would probably return.
4	Yum, I really liked this place! Trendy yet laid-back atmosphere, huge couches/chairs, and awesome chill servers. No need to get fancy here - just order a beer and relax. The Winter Salad I had was SO GOOD... sweet potatoes, goat cheese, pomegranate, apples... perfection! Definitely a fan.
5	There wasn't much to do at the Hard Rock on Christmas Eve- the casino was empty, I didn't feel like going over to the strip quite yet, and I didn't want to be the only person at the casino bar.Well, I ended up being the only one at Culinary Dropout's bar anyway.Wild berry beer ($7) seemed to be a good choice after a quick Yelp skim- the cute bartender said it was a very smart choice: tastes just like juice but contains 8% alcohol and you don't get all the beer bloat. Yum.It seemed like the consensus was brunch, which surprised the bartender because he said they didn't usually get many people in for breakfast/brunch. No problem, I wasn't planning on breakfast, anyway. I love my carbs, so pretzel bites and cheese fondue it was.Not sure the Chimayo [beer] was worth the $12, but you can't put a price on experience.Halfway through, I really had to go to the bathroom (downside of having a small bladder). There's no restroom inside the restaurant. Cool thing is, they let me walk out without having opened a tab with a credit card or paying.I came back only to watch some middle-aged guy across from me inhale a hamburger and a Sicilian man next to me down two cups of coffee. By the way, did I mention he works with Manny Pacquiao?Cute bartender is also a responsible one. After he made me two more drinks, he wanted to make sure I didn't go "stumbling out". Thanks, but unfortunately, nothing gets in the way of this girl shopping on the strip. The bill was ridiculously cheap, which I had to make up with a gracious tip.If anyone discovers a new Mexican/Asian fusion restaurant open on the strip and the co-owner is a young man from Tijuana who moved to Vegas for family, chances are, you're in good hands.
5	I had dinner with my family here last night. Everything was amazing. Definitely try the bread w/ olive oil and the pretzels w/ provolone fondue. For antipasti, the tomatoes are very good. For entrees I had the bistro steak which was good. Service was good, quick and friendly. (Maybe a little too quick)Food: 5Service: 4Total: 4.5 rounds up
3	Been here twice now.  Once in AZ and once in Vegas.  Just don't get what all the hype is about.  Good Bar environment but for a restaurant it is super loud, service needs to improve, pricey for what you are getting...I did enjoy the Turkey Pastrami and would recommend that if you go.I will give it one more try before its either on or off the list of repeat dining recommendations.  There are so many options in Vegas.
5	Matt is the best bartender ever.  I am hooked!  We spent 2 hours eating delicious food, drinking amazing drinks, and watching this bartending ninja work his magic.  This place should charge admittance to watch the insanity.  He was nice enough to explain what he was doing while doing it.  Cherries soaked in brandy and muddled with sugar cubes?  Orange zest burnt with a wood match to give the flavor something more complex?What other place does this sh*t without being arrogant or pompous???The pretzel bites were amazingly awesome.  The mussels were fan-freaking-tastic (and a steal at only $13).  We had these two appetizers and then split a pastrami sandwich.  It was plenty of food and we left happy.  I'll definitely be heading back.
2	The pretzel rolls should of been softer. They tasted like the ones you heat up at home in the microwave. I had the bacon Bloody Mary. I don't recommend that either. For a $10 Mary I expected a smooth taste with a pow. No pow! It took 40 minutes to get our entrees at lunch time. They weren't even packed. I sent my food back as I had lost my appetite after the drink and bad app.The manager offered to make it right I told him not to worry it just took forever.He still charged us for everything! Not even comping my bad mary!!!
4	Pretzels with the Fondue cheese sauce.... off da hook yo! This place is a killer restaurant tucked in between the coffee shop and Nobu, Don't pass it by! It is really really good. Fresh Seafood, Burgers, Curries...   It's a must have.
3	In this place I can see the kid who dropped out of culinary school to tour with a band.  This place is rock and roll refined.  There is a sense of culinary knowledge without the pomp and circumstance.  The after school special cocktail is a raspberry infused michelada with Modelo unceremoniously delivered in the can.  The brunch menu is spot on.  The Cap'n Crunch french toast was awe-inspiring.The biggest knock on this place is their lack of Red Bull.  Apparently, the whole Hard Rock campus is devoid of Red Bull due to some contract limitations....how Rock and Roll.
2	I am in love with the menu at Culinary Drop Out! Any place with a raw seafood bar is a win in my book. Pretty much everyone front of house is attractive and the place hums with a laid back vibe while maintaining a posh yet edgy atmosphere. So why the two star rating?Everything sounded better on the menu than it actually was- everything just fell short of expectations. The service here was just terrible. The worst service I've had all year, maybe ever. We waited 20 minutes just to see our server for drinks, we waited even longer for water and the coffee that we ordered never got a refill.. Even though it was requested twice. The courses weren't paced at all so I had soup getting cold while a sandwich got soggy and my oysters got warm. Service is a total bust!Unfortunately the food didn't make up for the bad service. The cheese fondue which was ordered on the recommendation of our waiter was really a glorified Velveeta. The soft pretzels were good, but really they're just a mode of transportation for the hot melty cheese which arrived at the table with a skin already formed over the top. Really appetizing (sarcasm). Overall, really bland, with no bite.The white shrimp is served with the shell on but cleaned and they were fantastic! Perfectly cooked. Best part of the meal by far! I'd definitely make me way back here for a cocktail and shrimp cocktail if it's not inconvenient.The Kushi oysters which are normally my favorite had a sort of funk, even though it was apparent they were shucked to order.The French Onion Soup was quite possibly the worst I've ever had (and I once unwisely made the mistake of ordering French Onion at Applebees). Bland light colored broth with too much thyme, a round of tough rye bread topped with just a little cheese on top that had been cooked to death. There was no melty stringy cheesy goodness here that you have to wrap around the spoon to maintain a little dignity.. Just a stale crouton witha  crust of hard cheese floating in bland broth.The warm Italian Grinder, also at the recommendation of our server, was nothing special and arrived crisp on the top.. But soggy as all heck on the bottom. This soggy-bottomed sandwich comes with hand cut fries on the side which were the best part of that meal.Even though the service was so bad and the food so mediocre, I really did fall hard for their menu and will give it another go. I feel like maybe, just maybe, I ordered the wrong items and I got the wrong server, and just went on the wrong day. We couldn't even get our food boxed up and when we did (25 minutes later) it came back with fondue on the side and got my hand all greasy. The worst part of it all was when our waiter finally did come back after his lengthy disappearance and immediately starting clearing away plates, taking away a whole shrimp and oyster. That's $6 worth of deliciousness, man! Always ask before clearing!Their specialty cocktail menu had a sleuth of amazingly well thought-out libations and that alone is enough to bring me back. The prices are very reasonable for the strip, and if nothing else- go for a drink, the raw bar, and antipasto. You can't screw up Italian cured meats with a top of the line slicer on hand.
4	In the lobby of the Hard Rock Hotel, this place is trendy chic meets BBQ Steakhouse.  The staff a a bunch of young hip cute kids who move fast, and give friendly helpful service with a smile.  The menu has lots of good options of comfort foods. I would call it comfort food chic.They have some really tasty options in beers too. We had the fresh made chips with the onion dip, which was tasty. I had Meatloaf dinner and they even add the grilled the bread I wanted without a problem. Perfectly tasty!! My husband says the ribs are good, coleslaw excellent but $27?? Get a blue berry beer while you wait.
4	Walked in to find this place DEAD (I guess Monday nights are slow...), so my friends and I got a table quick. Ordered a half dozen oysters to start. They could have been cleaned a bit better, I had more than a few with some serious grit in them. And I know there's always going to be SOME grit and sand, but this probably could have been remedied with another rinse or two. Good sauce accompanies it, though. Just be conservative with it, the oysters taste delicious on their own. I had the meatloaf. It didn't taste as good as my mom's (but, really, does it ever, people?) but it was actually better than I was expecting. A solid, well-formed loaf, not too spongy, nice firmness. Seasoning was mild, not too heavy as to take away the taste of the meat. It came with green beans, which were extremely underdone. Better than overdone, but I found it odd they'd serve them like that; didn't complement the dish at all. I think it also came with mashed potatoes. The fact I can't remember likely means the other side dish was innocuous enough that it went down good but wasn't worth storing in my mind.
5	I went to Culinary Dropout on a random Tuesday. We were seated very quickly and greeted by our server and waiter. I wanted good comfort food and I came to the right place. Homemade chips and dip for an app, dinner we got the prime rib dip and club sandwich, dessert was the monkey bread. It is rare that we finish everything we order, but we finished everything! The food was amazing, it wasn't heavy at all! It was filling but I didnt feel guilty for eating everything. The drinks were strong, well worth the price. I can't wait to go back. The service was spot on, it is a fun bar and I can't wait to go back!
4	I ate here 3 times while staying at the Hard Rock for 5 days, it was definitely the high light of the hotel for me.  I highly recommend the Turkey Pastrami sandwich, a friend of mine liked the meatloaf so much he had it twice.  Pretty good beer selection too.
4	The fried chicken is amazing.The pork belly cubano is amazing.The pretzels & fondue is incredible.To top it off, they made me a latte at 7PM.
4	One of my new favorite restaurants, this is where casual dining meets amazing chefs. I love to sit at the bar and watch the chefs prepare the antipasti... those guys are amazing at what the do!I highly recommend the Capicola, Sopressata Toscana and the bresaola salumi meats, paired with the Humboldt Fog... I ordered... and re-ordered this 3 times during  my dinner!
4	I discovered this place at a friends birthday dinner .  The food quality was just brilliant.  From the simple like pretzel and cheese fondue to the more complex flank steak, the place succeeded in matters of taste and presentation.  The decor is impressive and fun.  The wait staff left a bit to be desired, but we were in a large group so it is understandable.  Lastly, the bar (while appearing to be a full bar) had a very limited selection in alcohols.  A really cool place though.
3	Good portions and cocktails overall. The best thing I tasted was the pretzel and fondue appetizer. Stay away from the curry chicken, it was small and didn't have much chicken in it.
5	Just go! Get the pretzels. They are amazing! The service is wonderful. Everyone is extremely friendly and welcoming. Everything I ate blew my mind. Culinary Dropout is the best meal and dining experience I have had in Vegas, maybe even ever!
5	My boyfriend and I ate here for the first time a few days ago.  HOLY CRAP this place is amazing.  It is a Gastropub with a very cool atmosphere and the food was so good i had the chicken sandwich and pretzels bites soooo good. I will definately go back there. Very chill atmosphere.
3	I came here with my boyfriend and a few friends to celebrate my co-workers birthday. I give the place 3 stars due to the fact that for starters, their bar has no blender and the food was good but not exceptional. I liked the atmosphere which had a nice decor, beers ordered in cans are wrapped in brown paper bags, which is pretty cute. We ordered a bunch of different stuff to share. The shrimps were delicious! They were large and juicy cocktail shrimp. My boyfriend doesn't particulary like shrimp, and he enjoyed them and had a few. I really liked the pretzel and cheese appetizer, I actually couldn't get enough of them. I didn't order a main dish because I wasn't very hungry, but from the looks of my friend's meals, they deliver generous portions and they said it was "good."I'd come back if I was in the mood for beer.One more note, the restuarant has an outdoor area that was closed when my friends and I came. It looks like a nice, cool spot to hang out on a summer night to just hangout with friends. I'd like to come back and hopefully up the rating of this place.
2	S-L-O-W ...there for Sunday brunch ..place was not at all packed, yet we waited about 45 minutes for our food.  Service wasn't good either ..food was decent, not spectacular ...probably won't go back to this place ..
4	went here for brunch one sunday afternoon in the fall.  sat outside and it had a gorgeous view of the pool.  pretty good brunch menu and great ambiance.  the pretzel appetizer with the cheese is so yummy!
4	Culinary Dropout is a cool little restaurant in the Hard Rock Hotel - something that isn't too bad to stop by if you're feeling too tired/lazy to leave the hotel.  When you first get into Culinary Dropout, you find a pretty spacious restaurant surprisingly after you enter.  Their bar/beer draft selection is also pretty plentiful with PBR, Fat Tire and more.  I had the meatloaf which was recommended by a couple Yelpers - not a bad choice as it was of a pretty good size but not the best.  Some of my coworkers had the burgers which were fantastic according to them.  The cannelloi was also supposed to be pretty good but be warned, it was pretty small and not filling.  There was also a pretty good live musician playing on the front stage - the poor guy was playing to a 1/2-empty restaurant on a Sunday night but hey, still did a good job playing in general.  The aesthetic was pretty nice with a full bar and bar seating, some nice tables and some other seats scattered about.  Don't expect for quiet conversation inside as the music is put up pretty loud.  There were also some cool fire pits right outside - wasn't sure if it was part of the restaurant but seemed nice if you wanted to go outside or have a nice moment with your significant other.  Culinary Dropout wasn't completely wow-worthy but all-around was a strong restaurant in it's food, aesthetics and cool little bonuses.  Kudos.
4	Every once in a while you go in with low expectations and come out with a winner.I have dined at some of Hard Rock's previous eateries and was less than impressed so I entered this experience expecting to find overpriced lackluster food and horrible service.We entered a few minutes prior to our reservations and were seated right away.  Our waiter patiently waited for our order and took the time to make suggestions when asked.  We went for the Pretzel Bites with the Provelone cheese fondue.  The fondue was tasty if a little mild, something like Gouda might have worked better.  The pretzel bites were amazing and it was a huge portion.  Note to self, if you order the pretzel appetizer, only order one entree for every two people.We then ordered the fried chicken and the butternut squash ravioli.  The fried chicken was the best fried chicken either of us have had in recent memory.  The coating was crisp outside, soft inside and with a sweet flavor with a little kick of spice at the end.  The chicken was cooked perfectly.  The butternut squash ravioli was not as amazing but was still well prepared.Our app and drinks came out very quickly and the waiter was very attentive.The only drawback was the sides.  The mashed potatoes were soupy and bland and the corn bread too crumbly.We didn't get to sample the deserts as we were overstuffed.
5	Different but awesome food!  Loved it I would go back again.  The music was too loud especially for Valentines Day but only complaint
4	I do like this place.  Ate there recently and was surprised.    Love the apps  especially the mussels.  Had a great waitress, Felicia, who was not only fun but she actually helped guide us with real thoughts and not just, "ya its good" when you ask about specific items.Ill be back and want to try the ribs, couldnt last time because I was with clients and I like to get sloppy when I eat the ribs.
4	I was looking for a place off the strip, just didn't feel like dealing with parking and then walking through a long line of slot machines to get something to eat. So Yelp to the rescue. We were right by the Hard Rock Cafe Hotel so we decided to give it a try. The waitress was friendly and we were immediately seated. I took the advice of my fellow yelpers and immediately ordered the puffy pretzel bites with cheese fondue. Oh my gosh just order them. You get a basket of 12 warm pretzels. They are not hard and accompanied by cheese fondue.  Perfect for sharing. We then shared a turkey burger which was also excellent. What I liked most about the place was that it was nice but not too pretentious. After all, it is VEGAS. We weren't ordering a lot of food and we didn't get any attitude. There were some dressed up people but others were casual.  They have a pretty big beer and whiskey list.They had a live musician playing on a stage. The music was entertaining but not overpowering. It was a cold and rainy day but if not I would love to sit outside on the patio- they have fire pits- a great place for a big group.
5	How could I forget to Yelp the Culinary Dropout? I was staying at the HRH with my brother Tom this past December, and we dined @ the CD twice. The first night (a Monday I believe), we were one of two tables eating dinner at around 6:00 p.m. The servers here wear "regular/hipster" clothes, and are very helpful with the menu. The very pretty blond server, complete with cutoff shorts, recommended the pretzel and cheese appetizer and fried chicken. Both being Foodies, we inhaled the appetizer. This is their signature dish and it doesn't disappoint. Tom got the fried chicken and I the Italian sandwich. Both were tasty and well prepared. I have the feeling from other Yelpers, that the menu is a can't miss on all dishes.       The interior of the DC is modern. They have a square bar, a stage for bands, and an outdoor area with heat lamps. I recommend the bar if you are getting just an app and drinks. On our second visit, we got the pretzel app again an a few beers. They have a great beer selection on tap. We also sampled some Absinthe......wow. So, if near the HRH and hungry, take a chance on the Culinary Dropout. You will be happy you did.
4	This is my latest favorite place in Vegas, and I definitely want to go again. First, it's off the Strip at the Hard Rock, but it's worth the adventure to get there. The best way I can describe it is as a classy Cracker Barrel -- but that's way underestimating it's goodness. The cocktails, mostly bourbon based, are homemade and distinct, and I particularly loved the bourbon with papaya juice, jalapeno and bitters. I am a southerner, so I'm a sucker for great fried chicken. I was told that I had to try it here, and I was not disappointed. The buttermilk crust was crunchy, thick and perfectly browned, and the meat very succulent and juicy. The fried chicken entree came with a very hefty 3 pieces, all sprinkled with honey. I would put it in my top 5 fried chicken list. I also enjoyed the French onion soup, though the very large piece crouton...really a slice of bread ... was a bit much for this low carb eater. The service was very friendly and attentive, and we had a great time. For those who prefer other things than fried chicken, the rest of the menu had very attractive comfort food options that ranged from fish, to meatloaf to chicken. Definitely a place I'll return when in Vegas.
4	2013 Spring Restaurant Week Review:While walking through Hard Rock I saw a sign stating "Patio Open."  So, I put on my leg brakes and walked straight on in.The restaurant is huge and looks like Restoration Hardware threw up all over it.  The servers all look like they were bussed in from Williamsburg.  But, my only focus was the outdoor seating.It's glorious, by the way. Comfy banquettes, outdoor bar, poolside, and firepits. Fire!Oh, anyways, the food. I chose the carrot-ginger soup, fried chicken, and chocolate tart options from the RW menu.   My table also went for the pretzel and cheese fondue appetizer.  The pretzel fondue was really great.  The pretzels were soft and chewy and the cheese was delicious, although a little clumpy.  I do wish they served the cheese a little hotter.  Overall, a great appetizer.My first course, the carrot-ginger soup, was really flavorful.  I couldn't eat it all so I asked for a box.  Instead of boxing my leftovers, they gave me a whole new soup!  The second course, the fried chicken, was pretty good.  There were three huge pieces and each was moist on the inside, crunchy on the outside.  Unfortunately, the chicken was bit too salty for me, but the batter definitely had a great flavor.   The dish also came with a tasty honey biscuit, coleslaw, mashed potatoes, and gravy.  I really enjoyed the coleslaw because it wasn't caked in dressing. My favorite part of the meal was probably the toffee chocolate tart.  I've been on a tart kick lately and this one was the best of the batch.  The chocolate was dark and rich but not too sweet.  A great way to end the meal.Our server, Thanon (sp? Sorry!), was the nicest server I've had in a long time.  He went out of his way to make our meal amazing. He even offered to box up my leftover Sazerac! Who does that?!?! I would go back just for the service, it was that good.The food, overall, is probably a 3 star experience, but the service and ambiance deserve extra stars.  I'll go back for sure!
4	Love love love the patio.  The place is huge and there is a stage for live music, however that night we were treated to a 2 hour sound check 1-2.  I look forward to returning when there are actual live bands playing because this is a great setup.  We went on a Sunday night in early March, and it wasn't busy, but with warm weather on the way I expect that will change.The beer selection is pretty good, featuring local brewery Joseph James even.  We started with a dozen oysters from their Raw Bar, which didn't last long with our group.  I don't know what I expected, but their oysters weren't good, they were great.  I ordered the Chicken Curry with potato, green beans, peanuts, mushrooms, lime & cilantro.  It's quite good, but if you're looking for spicy heat, this isn't that kind of dish.
3	Service was OK, staff was nice.  Decent beer selection.  Food was pretty good.  Comfy chairs at the tables.  GOOD appetizer / tapas menu if you don't want to go with full dishes.  Note: I was here for lunch not dinner, not sure if the menu changes for dinner.
4	Culinary Dropout is real cool.I was in vegas for a bachelor party and had to head up 19 dudes and was looking for a chill place to dine and all I did was pull up opentable with the parameters of dinner at 8 pm for a party of 20. Culinary dropout fit the bill with nice open seating, patio area to lounge and even live music. I chose the perfect spot. Kudos to me and yelp of course.We all arrived on time and were seated immediately. As I said there was live music being performed which was on point. Just as a word of warning I was slightly inebriated for most of the night, but not enough to lose my memory and make an accurate account for this review.Folks in my party were ordering beers on tap and other alky drinks. They came promptly and the drinkfest continued. Upon reading the reviews of this place beforehand the pretzels with fondue cheese were spoken highly of so the whole table got orders of that and it was bomb. I asked the waiter what he recommended on the menu and he pointed out that the most bang for buck dish was the fried chicken and that sold me. It was good but not mind blowing. There were three pieces; leg, thigh, and breast with a honey glazed biscuit, mashed potatoes and cole slaw. A massive dish indeed. Alky and greasy food go hand in hand.The service was fantastic and the vibe and ambiance is well suited for big parties.
5	This place rocks.  Well, it is in the Hard ROCK Hotel, but that aside, cool vibe, really fab furnishings and decor, and an outdoor patio that is poolside.  The food is unique.  I had the prime rib french dip with fries, and the fries were not hot, which was a bit disappointing, but there were homemade and I found that they were just as delicious.  The sandwich was well flavored, on housemade bread, crusty-chewy, just right.  We also returned here the next night to check out the libations and live band.  Truly fun establishment off the Vegas strip.
5	The breakfast burrito was really good and my friend enjoyed her bacon infused bloody mary. The view is nice if you're sitting outside and facing the pool. The slight breeze was offset by a nearby fire pit.
4	Got a sitter lined up for Saturday night so the hubs and I could have a date night. We had been to a couple Fox Restaurants in Phoenix, and enjoyed them, so we set Culinary Dropout for our destination. 7pm on a Saturday night, we did not have reservations. The place was not packed, but we were told all the tables were reserved and so we had to sit at a large high-top communal table in the bar area. No big deal. The service was prompt and very friendly. We started with the recommended pretzel bites (they were very good and enough for probably 4 people). Draft beers were $2.95, which I thought was pretty awesome for a Friday evening, and liked even more when I saw the selection. Standard domestics, but also Sierra Nevada, Joseph James, and a Prohibition Lager. Good stuff! For dinner I ordered the fried chicken which was really delicious. The outside is crispy, with a little bit of honey, and the meat inside is nice and juicy - juicy not greasy! It's served with cornbread, cole slaw, and mashed potatoes, which were all excellent. I ate about half of it, and was so excited to have the rest for lunch the next day, but I forgot my to go box on the table! Boo I hate when that happens! My husband had the bistro steak, which was good but not great.I was very happy when I requested a mocktail and the server asked me about my preferences. We sat and hung out for so long that she actually brought me 3 different mocktails throughout the evening. Awesome!The food is a little overpriced, but not for a place in a casino. Our entire tab was ~$100 with tip (included 3 beers, 3 mocktails, 2 entrees, and an app).Best of all, Jeremy Cornwell was playing from 7-10 and taking requests! If you haven't seen this guy, he's an awesome one-man-band type of show, where he records each beat and then plays it on loop, recording the next beat over it. We talked to him after his set ended, and he'll be at Culinary Dropout every Saturday night, 7-10, and Blue Martini every Tuesday and Friday.
4	It was still Restaurant Week, and my long-anticipated introduction to Culinary Dropout was about to occur.  After it was all over, I was pleasantly pleased by all I saw and ate.  Amid the fitting sounds of hard rock, the decor of the restaurant is very casual, but seating on a banquette and upholstered chair was comfortable, and servers were very friendly, efficient, and accommodating.  A request for a different salad dressing was immediately granted.I began with Yesterday's Soup, which changes by the day.  To my relief, this was not like the leftovers of a college cafeteria's previous day's rejected offerings ground up and mixed with broth.  Ginger Soup was on tap on my dining day.  And, this colorful soup literally took my breath away.  I figured out why when I found out from my server that it contained Cilantro Jalapeno Pepper Sauce.  The soup was not very hot but quite spicy, but soon I got used to it and found the distinct taste of ginger to be intriguing.Next up was a House Salad with many mixed greens and a generous supply of good Sherry Vinaigrette Dressing.For my entree, I selected Ma . . . The Meatloaf!?!  Why it is so named I have no idea.  But this was great, very hot meatloaf with a ketchup coating accompanied by really fresh French Style Green Beans and Mashed Potatoes with Brown Gravy.  I also tried the Coleslaw, which was non-creamy and slightly sweet, while Diane enjoyed somewhat odd-looking dark brown but quite tasty and well-made Fried Chicken with Mashed Potatoes and Honey Biscuits.For dessert we had a Chocolate Toffee Tart and Salted Caramel Custard with homemade Caramel Popcorn on top.  Both were excellent, including the sweet popcorn.It was fun to face and watch the chefs at work in the very open kitchen.  When we left, we were very full from the large portions.  Because the menu lists so many intriguing items that I want to try, including oysters and white shrimp by the piece, we will most definitely return fairly soon for additional meals--and will continue to do so if Diane keeps up her winning streak at the Hard Rock's slot machines and draws additional player's coupons for 2 for 1 entrees at Fu!
4	Like this place a lot. We had the meatloaf, a burger and fried chicken and all were excellent.  The pretzel & cheese app was amazing.  Cant wait to come back in summer and sit outside near the pool.
4	Their fried chicken was awesome!  I would rate their fried chicken with 5 stars!  Unfortunately, my friend ordered the fried chicken, and I could only taste a sample.  I was stuck with their incredibly dry ribs (dry?  for a signature item?!?  oh boy!)...Back to their chicken... wow!  Sooo juicy and perfectly spiced.  Quite possibly the best fried chicken I have eaten in a long time (I'm not a fried chicken eater btw...)I am probably staying at Hard Rock (or the Cosmo, but I want to check out the Rehab Pool Party...) when I return in July, and if I eat here, I will have the fried chicken!
2	It angers me to be so hyped up about a place and then have to give them such a low grade rating. Overrated, overpriced and under serviced would be the top 3 ways I could describe it. I was so stoked to try the new raw bar, fresh antipasta made in front of you, outdoor seating with firepits restaurant the Hard Rock was offering. Not to mention menu choices like beef stroganoff, ribs, fried chicken, and meatloaf. I for sure thought I would be in heaven. Now let me start with the 2 good things about this place.1- The ambiance. It was a huge indoor/outdoor 2 bars, view of the pool. AMAZING set up. If you sit indoors, you can watch them make your antipasti platter fresh in front of you which brings me to the the highlight of the meal2- THE ANITPASTI! So it was for sure over priced. $8 per cured meat. $5 per cheese. $4 per snack (snacks included olives peppers, bread, etc)My super awesome platter cost $38. Sad that it was the only thing worth it. The meats were perfectly salted and the cheeses were imported. I would actually order this again if I wasn't worried about the cost. Thats it. All the positives. On to the reason for the 2 star rating. First and foremost the shitty service. Not only was our waiter unattentive and slow. He was careless. He didn't once offer to refill our empty glasses we had to ask. He didn't notice nor care that 1 of the 4 of us barley touched her food due to it being undercooked. (seriously meatloaf pink??) We also noted that our order was put in around 7:30, and we were patiently awaiting our check at 9:20. Between us we had ribs that had jalapeno in the title, yet tasted sweet. 2 orders of undercooked meatloaf. And a steak. The side items were decent, but even the taters that came with the meatloaf lacked consistency. My boyfriend insisted we get dessert since all 4 of us were still hungry and there are not many places in town you can get freshly made monkey bread. Again a dissapointment. Small, and it took more like 20 minutes versus the 10 they claimed it to take. Overall the bad food may have been a fluke. I could tell there was a potential for yummy-ness had they cooked the meatloaf another hour, added spice to the ribs, and a little love in their kitchen. On this trip they really lived up the the "culinary dropout" name and left a lot to be desired.
1	I wouldn't go back here...Took 40 minutes to get an order of eggs :(The manager corrected the time that it took me to get my food instead of apologizing.Bad food BAD service!
3	Terrific food and decent prices with great atmosphere....terrible service though :(
4	Staying at the Hard Rock, I wanted to check this place out.  It looked really cool inside, and their menu looked good and reasonably priced. The inside was in fact really cool.  I liked that you could see all their fresh fish right there. We got a nice cozy booth.  I ordered the fish and chips.  The cod was very tasty, moist, flaky perfection. The chips AKA french fries were cold...bummer. Overall it was good.  If you're staying in the Hard Rock, it is worth going to for dinner.
5	My goodness, they have improved the pretzel!! I have been here three times now and I hope to head back soon. I do not head to the Hard Rock very often, but it appears plenty of other people do because this place is always busy. The location is right by the pool and has a nice stage. The patio is excellent and there is a bar outside. The food is out of this world. Leave your diet at home and try the Grilled Cheese Sliders!! YUM!
4	This place is awesome! I wish there was one near my home, I would be here all of the time. he menu is fabulous and the beer selection is absolutely fantastic! Plus, the vibe is great! Staff are friendly and genuine. I like to sit on the patio during the day and at the bar in the evening. I have been here many times and have not yet had a bad meal. The appetizers are all good, especially the antipasto selection. And the friend chicken? WOW!You can't go wrong here...
4	Arrrrgh I wish I could do half-stars!! I feel this place merits 3.5. The quality of the food is GREAT. Interesting menu with astonishing variety, quality ingredients and genuinely creative approach. My table shared the mussels and burrata pear thingy for apps, then I had the chicken curry while others had the ribs, the burger and the ribeye. Everything was great, and no pricier than any other gastropub in a Strip hotel. The atmosphere is a bit on the douchey side. It's REALLY loud, and opens out onto the epicenter of the douchiverse, the Hard Rock pool. The waitstaff are all waaaay too cool for school; apparently, the shtick is that there are no uniforms; they can wear whatever they want..which means trendy-slutty apres-pool attire for the ladies, and hipster-douche chic for the dudes. The service was OK; it was really busy (right before the Def Leppard show) so I'll cut 'em some slack for the lackluster nature.I'd come here again, but on a slow night. I like to TALK over my meals, and it was just too freaking loud.
4	Too loud and too overpriced. That said, food is great. I miss the MAC Burger....PLEASE bring it back. Wait staff is a tad bit pretentious but fitting for the place. This place beats Lucky s 24-7 coffee shop which I detest.
4	Had been wanting to try this place since before it opened, and finally got to give it a go this week! Unfortunately we were still full from lunch, so we didn't get to eat as much as we would have liked, so I'll review based on what we did have...Our server was great. She was super helpful, and helped us decide on cocktails, which were awesome. My husband had the Bells n Whistles, a spicy whiskey cocktail (don't order if you don't like spicy!) and I ordered a sparkling strawberry gin martini (can't remember the name but it was delicious!) We ordered the pretzel bites with fondue and the burrata (yeah, we like cheese, what about it?). The pretzel bites were...ok. A little less than warm for my liking. The cheese sauce (more sauce than fondue) was yummy. The burrata was OMG. I would definitely get it again. It was served with compressed pears, bacon syrup, walnuts, and greens, and the flavors and textures were all perfect together. Like I said, by this point we were already full so we called it a night, but we definitely plan on coming back again and again until we have tried all the yummy things on the menu!
3	Loved the atmosphere. We visited just prior to the LV Rockin Roll Marathon. We had a very large group, but service was good.
4	Love the atmosphere here.  Cozy and chic.  I had the Spring Vegetable salad on my first (and only so far) visit and loved it.  Great visit overall.  Food is a tad pricey, which is expected with location.
5	On the outside, Culinary Dropout looks like it's going to be an All-American bar where  food and drinks shoot out from the back and the music blares in the front. It's not necessarily the opposite, but it's definitely an upper-scale version of what a good dinner restaurant should be. We came here with no expectations and left with full stomachs and smiles on our faces. We had the grilled artichoke (which had a great dipping sauce), cheese and prosciutto (plenty to share) for appetizers, and my friend got the Bistro Steak (on the small side but still filling) and I got the Jambalaya (spicy and full of sausage and seafood). We capped it off with a Monkey Bite, which is essentially a cinnamon roll crammed into a bed of baked apple and served with a scoop of ice cream. It was amazing. And delicious. And it was probably what put the restaurant over the top when it came to the food. Our server was attentive and didn't make things awkward. We didn't feel like we were being checked on every 2 minutes. Something to note is that the employees here don't have a uniform - they're free to dress in whatever way makes them feel comfortable. We used this as a conversation starter and learned a lot about our waiter. I'll definitely be coming back here again: Great service, good food, happy stomachs.Check out my review on ElevatorBuzz here: http://www.elevatorbuzz.com/2013/04/vegas-life-culinary-dropout-at-hard.html
5	I ate here 3 times in one week... THAT'S how much I love it..   I even made my bf take me here for Valentine's Day.  Which was great, because it was empty, seeing how most girls want that expensive romance crap. The ambiance reminds me of the trendy restaurants in Boston or Seattle, not pretentious....just fun and eclectic.  I am obsessed with their Kale Salad, I even make it at home. The Pumpkin ravioli was ridiculous in a really good way, the pretzels with cheese dip are addicting, ALL their Sandwiches.. ok ok you probably are now understanding how AMAZING this place is.  I think the only thing I didn't like was the music.. Rap/techno music playing way to loud... I looked around like.. umm rap/techno music at The Hard ROCK?  but it was some lame DJ probably from L.A.  'Spinning' on his Apple Laptop..Dude, it's Valentine's Day..play some Radiohead or Imagine Dragons.  I don't want to hear Bitches N Hoes mixed with Skrillix..
5	Love this place!  Servers wear what they want, which I think leads to a relaxed experience.  Menu was explained well, drinks were awesome, Felecia even suggested we take our last drink "to go" so we could get in line for the show- and, no, I don't think she was trying to free up a table or get rid of us,...great idea, we needed to get in that line!  ANYWAY, food was great, fun, just the right mix of fancy and casual, great flavors, and not heavy.  Fun sitting outside and watching people at the pool- comfortable atmosphere, we'll be back!
4	Since we tried this out for the first time we have been hooked. Their food is unique and always on point. The pretzels with provolone fondue is ridiculously delicious and is so addictive I have to get it every time. The iberico ham is worth the MP as it is the most delicious cured meat you will ever eat. The reason for my missing star is because of the four times we've dined, twice we had awesome service and twice it was slow and impersonal. Fortunately the most recent times were the excellent service so maybe they're picking it up. Either way, this is now definitely on our circulation of regular favorites.
5	So good! The best food I've had in Vegas, proper. Order the ribs- or the fried chicken- or the fish and chips. All perfect. Get the pretzels, too. The service was terrific! The staff was courteous and worked as a team. I placed a huge takeout order for a party upstairs (best part is that it's located in the Hard Rock Hotel) and they missed the ribs on my order. BOOM. 15 minutes later had them delivered to my door. If I had to live in that god-forsaken town, this restaurant could not get rid of me.
4	I saw an ad on the back of our taxi and just from the name we decided to go. That and i was meeting a client at the Hardrock. If you are entering the casino it's tucked away just off the casino floor over looking the Paradise pool area. We went on a fabulous weather day in Vegas. Low 80's with a breeze. We sat inside because well who wants body sweat and suntan oil smell seeping into your lunch? Decent fat friendly seating. We came with zero knowledge or expectations other than what we saw on the back of the cab. Nice surprise! The best part was the Service. extremely nice hostess, waiters etc. constantly there just in time to refill the drinks or see if we needed anything. Cocktails: My bloody Mary was hand made. Nicely prepared with bacon, cucumber garnish. Decent selection of beers both foreign and domestic. BEST PART of Food: a do it yourself antipasta bar - & raw bar. Huge selection of meats, cheese & veggies plus shrimp, crab legs oysters etc. (only one of us is not allergic to shell fish). I would go just for this. BUT They have mini grilled cheese sandwiches. and fall off the bone ribs and yummy close to mama used to make meat loaf. As a local to Las Vegas, we usually only go to casinos on or close to the strip when we have company or clients in Vegas but we have gone back twice just to go to Culinary Dropout. Worth the $5.00 to the valet to park. Oh and the pool eyecandy was nice too. No speedos to be seen.
5	We have one here in Scottsdale yet I have never been. Our buddy had eaten here the night before and was raving about it and then I realized what he was talking about and got excited myself since this would be my first time.Cool location in the hotel as it opens up into this pool area with a cool patio. Food was awesome. I had the turkey ruben and would definitely get it again. Its a big portion so I easily could have shared. They were having issues with their carbonation for their drinks but the waiter was cool about it and made up for it so we were pleased.
4	This new place opened up recently with some good hype attached.  My friends and I decided to check this place out before the Prince concert at the Joint.  I'm certainly glad I did!When you check into the hostess stand, you think this place is pretty small.  Don't be fooled by that.  It's HUGE inside.  A lot of seating inside and outside as well.  Huge bar area extending outside as well.  The outside area has a bunch of lounge tables.  Our table was half chairs and half booth.  Accommodated all people of my party.  Our server was nice, seemed a bit flustered as we did have a lot of questions and most of our drink requests were "out of stock" which didn't make too much sense.  Their menu is not too pricey.  Things go for $15-$30 depending on what you want.  On top of that, they have an AWESOME secret menu given out on concert days.  Since the Prince concert was there, they offered it to us!  Super fast and easy, it's only $25 dollars and comes with 3 main components:  starter salad OR soft pretzel, meatloaf OR fried chicken and a bag beer.  GREAT DEAL, by the way.  I chose the salad which was light a refreshing.  Spring mix with balsamic vinaigrette.  For the main course I got the fried chicken.  You get various dark and white meat pieces.  They gave a ton of that!  It was accompanied with mashed potatoes and gravy, sauteed green beans and a biscuit.  The chicken was super juicy and crispy on the outside!  The gravy really made the mashed potatoes, which were also very creamy.  The beans were sauteed with bacon and had a nice, light salty taste.  The biscuit also was dense and flaky with creamy butter.  SOOOOO GOOD!!  The beer was a low end beer, always different.  I got the Milwaukee's best.  The thing that enhances the experience is the paper bag it comes in.  Super creative for higher end restaurant.  Shows the lighter side of "Las Vegas strip" type restaurant.  I REALLY liked that :)Definitely will be back for another try.  I would like to try their fish and chips, Korean style ribeye cap and salmon.  So many yummy toppings!  If you're in the Hard Rock hotel, I highly recommend this place before a concert, show, or date night!
5	I didn't know what to expect upon hearing the name of this restaurant.  Was it run by culinary students who failed culinary school?  And if so, do we dare host a job interview meal here?  I don't know the origins of the restaurant name - but we did host our job interview meal here last night and had a wonderful dinner!  This is a must see, must eat Vegas restaurant!!  There are oh, maybe, 500 restaurants "to see" in Las Vegas - this is one of them!  Culinary Dropout blew my mind.  It is beautiful!!   It is Classic Industrial at it's finest!  The furniture is contemporary classic - tufted sofas, wingback chairs, wooden industrial tables.  Simply stunning decor.  Beautifully decorated with a wall of windows overlooking the HRH pool, with a GINORMOUS patio outside that probably seats 100 people easy.  Hands down, best patio dining I have seen in Las Vegas!!   I'm a terrible Yelper for not taking photos.  I was interviewing a job candidate - not showing off my YELP skillz.  You will have to go see the place for yourself! The food?  Oh yeah, the food!  They have an awesome starter menu of Antipasta where each table can individually create their own antipasta plate by filling out a menu card - similar to sushi places where you mark what you want.  We started with a few meats and cheeses - all of which we enjoyed.  They are served with some bread and mini breadsticks that resemble pretzels.  The menu contains a little bit of everything.  Really, everything.  From meatloaf, to chicken curry, to fried chicken, to steak, to jambalaya, to a slew of salads and sandwiches.  There is something for everyone here.  I decided to order the Bistro Steak - served with house fries and a gorgonzola sauce.  I don't consider myself a Steak connoisseur by any means - but this steak was awesome!!  Perfectly tender and juicy and charred - and served off the bone in a strip of mini segments of meat.  The fries are hand-cut and also very good.  My dining partners had the fried chicken and the salmon - both of which were devoured.  For dessert we shared the Monkey Bread that other Yelpers recommended.  Served hot with a side of ice cream, it is PERFECT for sharing and was amazingly delicious!!  Prices are actually reasonable - but if you want to enjoy the place you can expect about $50 per person with drinks for dinner.  Our party of 3 with many drinks, appetizer, entrees, and dessert ran us $177.  The service was excellent - their beer selection is "crafty" and "traditional" and the restaurant ambiance is stellar.  We had a very enjoyable meal - staying for almost 3 hours and enjoying every minute.  I will return here soon with my husband and friends!!
4	The food was decent, i enjoyed the jambalaya and my husband the fish n chips. And the beer selection was okay as well. The waitstaff definitely acted too cool for school, though. Really, what do you expect when you hire a bunch of hipsters to attempt customer service?
4	This is my second time visiting this place after a bad experience in February.  In the interest of full disclosure, I was invited back by the manager for a free meal to make up for my prior bad experience so I will comment on that experience separate from the food.  As far as making up ..they did that and more.  The service this time was excellent.  We were very well taken care of and I appreciate that my negative experience was important enough to them that they would bring me back to take another crack at it.  Great service ..the chef even personally delivered our meals (we all had salads).  The food today was also excellent.  We had the gorgonzola chicken salad and the crispy shrimp caesar.  Both very flavorful.  We also tried the pretzel bread and fondue ...might be one of the best appetizers I've ever had.  The bread, by itself is great and ..of course ..most things taste better dipped in cheese.So bravo to culinary dropout ...I am willing to go back there just for the pretzel bread ..but I am also anxious to see how the service is when my meal isn't being comped ..but they earned another shot ..so we'll see.
4	Visiting Vegas from Sam Francisco and was looking for a quick tip from yelp. This place had solid four stars after 123 reviews. How could that many yelpers be wrong.?Well they weren't!  Had the pretzel fondue and yesterday soup for starters and both were great! Soup was very flavorful and came with a slice of toasted seasoned garlic bread. Only critique here might be a little less seasonings on the bread so you can use it to balance the taste of the very flavorful soup to your preference. The fondue was nice and saucy after having a chance to heat up. To make it easier for hungry diners to dig right in, perhaps it could have been melted to saucy consistency right before serving. It was only Luke warm when it got to the table, but warmed up nicely after a few minutes. After that, consistency and taste of cheese and pretzels were great!Fried chicken was the main course and it did not disappoint! Cooked perfectly juicy tasty and tender, you get half a chicken, two sides and a biscuit so be hungry! Or share. Monkey bread for dessert. Fresh from the oven with a big scoop of vanilla ice cream on the side. Like a different kind of apple pie a la mode.  If you have room left to enjoy this is the dessert to get! Or jut come in for dessert after a night of party or gaming.
4	Loved the funky poolside living room ambience, loved the salad, loved the service, loved the shoes.
5	Great visit. We sat outside during our visit and got to enjoy the live show!Two things I came to Yelp about. First is the Soft Pretzels & Provolone. DUDE! Completely worth it! They were even good reheated. True story!Second I must rave about the service that Felicia provided. What an experience! She is what I hope for everytime I visit a restaurant. Great service, great personality and completely knowledgable of the menu and made great suggestions. I can guarantee my return for the pretzels and I will definitely request Ms. Felicia! Me and my lady were completely impressed with everything.If you're thinking about going, I hope that this review will convince you that it is totally worth a shot.
4	I was staying at the Hard Rock and checked out Yelp to figure out where to stop in for a quick dinner with my friends. I loved the chill vibe and cute decor of the restaurant. We checked out their patio but opted to sit indoors....the patio is super cute and has a great view of the pool. Now to the food....it was so good! I enjoyed every dish we ordered to share. The highlights were the artichoke app, turkey pastrami and the sweet corn pasta. The only complaint that I have is that it was tad warm in the dining area. Other than that...I def recommend for a casual dinner that has great food options!
5	way fun place.  Absolutely everything was great, from food to drinks to service. Bravo!
5	What can I say...Great Place...Great staff, fun atmosphere. Looks out to the pool area at The Hard Rock Hotel. Good drinks, nice pours and the Pretzels are Amazing. I have been her several times now and it's been great each time.
5	This restaurant aims to please. The food is fantastic. I've been 3 times, and it will continue to be a place I bring guests from out of town.
2	I really wanted to like this place. The reviews on Yelp got me a little amped up and was about to forget about the fact that I'm about to spend $22 for a fried chicken dish. Others raved it was amazing and worth it. The hostess was great and seated us near the bar. We noticed it was incredibly hot in there and asked the staff if the air conditioning was on. Then I noticed the large sliding door behind the bar was open. Why would you have it open in June with it 95+ degrees outside. We were about to leave, but decided it would be worth it to stay.Our server was the next bad part. He came right away with water but when we told him we were ready to order he told me he is only taking drink orders right now. We settled with just water. He came back 20 minutes later to finally take our food order. Again, we stayed because we knew it had to be worth it.I ordered the fried chicken of course and my buddy ordered the stroganoff. Luckily it didn't take too long for the food to arrive though it wasn't fast either. I was starving by the time it arrived. I took a bite into the chicken and didn't really expect the honey glaze. It was alright, but just a little surprise. The chicken was cooked amazingly. The breast was very juicy and not dry at all. It did need some more seasoning though. It came with gravy so i guess you're supposed to dip it into it. The gravy was pretty bad. It tasted like it came in a paper pouch that you buy for $.50 at the grocery store.The side dishes were not good. The cole slaw was soggy and lacked any flavor. Even with a ton of salt & pepper it didn't taste very good. The mashed potatoes tasted bland. What restaurant just serves mash potatoes with no seasonings or spices in it? Again, the gravy was bad. The biscuit though was really good. The honey crust on top was flavorful.I wouldn't come back here. Everything on the menu was overly priced and sorry but the chicken was over hyped. Sure it was fried very nicely, but lacked spices.
4	I'm a local almost never eat at hotels but I was at the pool at Hard Rock last week and my friends and I were very hungry, the Dropout hit the spot, our server Dominique was very friendly and made some suggestions, great burgers and P.B.R... We all went back to the pool very content...
4	Pretzel Fondue...meat and cheese plate and meatloaf oh my! :)  It was a nice gesture for the GM to bring down the projector screen for us during the Stanley Cup Finals... hi-five GM.
4	The soft pretzels are a must do! The staff is always friendly and accomodating (during restaurant week one of the menu items that I wanted to try was not on the menu. In speaking with the chef I mentioned wanting to try it and he said he would kindly make the substitution for me). With all around good choices on the menu, they have one of the best outside dining experiences that I have been to so we enjoy coming here in the spring months for the atmosphere.
4	Been hearing good things about CD recently so I finally stopped in with a group of people for dinner.  Apparently, several in the group hadn't heard of CD and were putting me under the gun for my recommendation...in the end everyone gave me props.We started with some antipasti which was all very good and if that's your thing I would recommend giving a meat, a cheese, olives, and tomatoes a whirl.  But at the very least, get yourself some of the 'crusty bread and good olive oil'  The bread was awesome and the olive oil was even better, I'd get it every time.So many of the items on the menu sound good it was tough to decide.  The overwhelming favorite order was the Turkey Pastrami...how can you go wrong with a pretzel bun?  I was fortunate enough to convince a friend to go halfsies on the Turkey Pastrami and the Shaved Prime Rib dip.  We both agree the dip was phenom and the better of the two choice.They have a pretty solid selection of beers and actually offer a cool deal where for $2.95 you can get a cheap as hell beer in a brown bag.  The beer was sort of a mystery and I think it changes every so often...it would even be better if it changed order to order.  This go around it was a 'Buck Range Light'.  I had never heard of it but someone at the table had.The waiter mentioned they have some nice specials certain nights.  I think on some Sunday's they do $3 Jameson drinks and $1 oysters if you're into that.The only thing keeping Culinary Dropout from a 5 star rating (in my opinion...obviously) are the portions.  For the prices we paid for a sandwich, I thought they could have been a little bigger.  The shave prime rib dip was amazing, but the given the size i could have had 1.5-2 easily.  For an $18 sandwich I'd hope to at least have to put up a fight to finish or feel full afterwards.  That's my only warning, otherwise, it's a pretty cool and delicious place to grab a meal.  They even feature outdoor seating for days when it isn't 115 degrees.
3	I really wish I could give this place a higher ranking...but I honestly wasn't impressed. The pretzels were really good, and the service was amazing, but everything else was...lack-luster? No seasoning...no flavor... disappointed to say the least.
5	I've waited 7 days to write this review but the sweetness of the king crab and the slithery deliciousness of the oysters are still fresh in my mind. Oh Culinary Dropout you are bad, very very bad!!! I was staying at the HRH on business and happened to stumble on this place and I'm so glad I did. I don't know if it was one too many vodka whatevers but everything tasted so good. Culinary Dropout you had me at provolone fondu! We started with pretzel and the very good cheese fondu and went to appetizer heaven from there. Next was fries and the homemade chips. Fried were perfectly crisp and the dip for the crunchy potato chips was definitely craveable. Next king crab legs, dozen oysters and huge monster shrimp. The oysters were beyond fresh, I mean it was like someone just dove into the ocean shucked them and brought them to us. Not to big but perfect to enjoy. The crab legs were obese with meat and equally fresh and good. The shrimp were so big that one was equivalent to other restaurants cocktail. Again equally fresh and so yummy. Next not the table was fresh French fries. I know what your thinking, Felicia, you already mentioned you had fries. Well guess what we ordered more!! Pigs, we were pigs!! Lastly, the monkey bread and vanilla bean ice cream. Words cannot do justice to this gooey, cinnamony, pillowy soft pull apart desert demon!! The ice cream was just icing. We didn't even get to any of the main courses so I will definitely be back but it will be so very hard not to order the exact same things. Service was awesome but to be honest the server could have slapped me and I would not have noticed with all of the goods!! You make me proud Culinary Dropout. Oh just in case you were wondering this place is way casual so don't worry about dressing up too much. Enjoy!
3	I really liked the vibe of this place. Very cool decor, industrial and modern/hip/chic. I ordered the egg white and chicken Fritatta. Ta-da! chicken and eggs. Yes, psychological but -- tasty :)
4	So Fun....... And the food is delicious too.I was here with my coworkers and was so impressed with the food and atmosphere.  The food was average priced for vegas.  I had the Tuna Salad and my only issue was the fishy taste of the tuna.  The salad portion was excellent and the pretzel bites were awesome!
1	Never again.My husband and I ate here on July 13th.  We were seated outside, under a mister that was more like  London drizzle than mist.  I ended up soaking wet from the back of my legs to the top of my shirt.Next, the food.  I the pretzel roll fondue was the highlight and that isn't saying much.  The rolls tasted like store bought, but the fondue was good.  Thus the one star.I had the fried chicken.  It came out greasy with a biscuit that tasted more like lard and a dash of honey than anything else.  The gravy was not good either.  I ate less than half of the chicken.My husband had the jambalaya.  It was basically a bowl of rice.  We were warned it was spicy but that was not the case.  The sausage was flavorless and he had ONLY TWO SHRIMP, both of which were mealy and the size of a quarter.  I've had better quality cocktail shrimp at Du-Par's downtown.  Not worth the price.I woke up later that night with a racing heart, nausea, and clammy skin.  I ended up sick and for the better part of the next day all I tasted was the grease from that chicken. As locals, we are always looking for a new, fun place to eat.  This ain't it.
4	Lots of hustle and bustle. Live music Friday and Saturday nights. The guy that plays the music on Saturday night is ridiculously talented. I'm going to go there some Saturday night just to eat pretzels with the cheese fondue and listen to that guy perform.
2	I love the Hard Rock as a property, and want to love all the food options as well, but wouldn't make the effort to return here. Funniest item was a honey almond micro brew from WI which came in a can so large that it was impossible to finish-good thing for beer I guess! Prices were firm for the portion sizes which were not generous-and the Seared Tuna Salad which I ordered was reasonably tasty-but the presentation was lackluster at best=looking like a bowl of lettuce with a few shreds of this or that thrown in and a few chopped up pieces of grey looking tuna which were certainly hard to distinguish from a lettuce leaf-hardly the normal presentation of fresh slices of seared rare tuna one would expect as the featured item in your bowl. Service was mediocre=no refills on ice tea and long lapses with barely a suggestion of dessert on a not full Monday night. Seems like an adequate option if you want drinks and bar food in an interesting vibe-but don't come hungry and expect to fill up unless you order plenty and if eating healthy is the idea-would pass also. Most of the rave food options are fried and heavy on fat loaded dips-maybe the right idea to ward off a hang over..
3	Ate here for dinner one night and it was just OK. I had the gorgonzola chicken salad, and it was SOAKED in dressing. I'm not someone who likes soaked lettuce, so this turned me off a bit. One person in my party got the jambalaya, and he thought it was decent. However, if you don't like spicy food, don't order this. He loves spicy food and this was pretty spicy for him. Other people got the chicken club, seared tuna salad, and prime rib dip. They all seemed happy with their selections.
3	Restaurant Report Card: C+  I gamble at Hard Rock fairly frequently and I've always wanted to check this place out. The 4-star Yelp reviews and clever restaurant name is what sold me. Since I was dining with my imaginary friends, we headed over to the bar area to cause a ruckus. I ordered the Turkey Pastrami sandwich w/ side salad, based on the bartender's recommendation. As I was waiting, I people watched the hordes of tatted up, juiceheads and guidos running around half naked .My in-dining entertainment, included a patron who lined up a shot of vodka, the $4 pineapple mind eraser special, a Pabst Blue Ribbon, and a glass of wine and pounded all 4 drinks within a minute. Super classy.The food arrived fairly quickly. The sandwich was served with a warm pretzel roll, with generous slices of turkey pastrami, swiss cheese, and smothered with cole slaw.  The sandwich was okay. Pretty messy to eat and it didn't have a wow-factor. The salad was just average too. Chilled romaine lettuce, bits of cucumber, and covered with a watery buttermilk ranch dressing. The menu, including water, came out to be a whoppin' $18 dollars with tip. The bartenders were friendly and was very prompted in serving us. I took a look at the drink menu prices, and we took our party elsewhere. A little about my credentials:I first got into cooking & food when I was in college. After being rejected by numerous girls and getting zero action, I decided it was time for a change. I needed a new makeover to boost my geeky image. I applied for a cooking position at a Mediterranean-Italian Restaurant near my home and learned to cook all sorts of dishes. I never became a professional chef, but I continue to enjoy & love food. 9 years later and 55 lbs heavier, I have a new passion for traveling and trying different foods around the world.
4	What more is there to say than Pretzel Bites with Provolone Fondue...amazing!Sure Hard Rock Hotel is a bit out of the way, but if you're looking for a snack that will make your heart sing, go for the pretzel bites. That's pretty much all we got, and I'd still make a trip back for them. Yes, they are that good.
4	My girlfriend and I had the Pretzel Bun Sandwich with fries and a couple of IPA's. the food was GREAT! I came by to only get a quick bite, but it ended up being the best meal I had by far while i was in Vegas. The view is great of the pool area, with outdoor seating.4 stars because the service was just... ok..
3	Large space, laid back vibe. We arrived for some informal dinner and ordered a variety of different drinks and foods. All their specialty cocktails were yummy, I got a greyhound and when I told our waiter it was tasting a little watered down/light he didnt hesitate to make it better (read stronger). SWe go the chacutuerie plate, I liked the roasted tomates that we ordered but none of the meat or cheese stood out to me. Also shared the fried chicken which had a sweet sauce on it, not a fan of that. The mashed potatoes were good though. Jambalyaya was OK, tasted more like cajun flavored fried rice because the texture of the rice wasn't as sticky as I imagined Jambalaya to be. Overall a fun place to hang out but I wasn't wowed by the food.
4	Just had dinner there last night before Hall & Oats Concert, great scene and wonderful time had by all. They offer great draught micro-brew beers served cold in a nice pint glass. We both had the soup du jour ( chicken & rice) great stuff. For our entree grilled chicken salad and chicken walnut salad, both were great. Loved there homemade appetizer chips with french onion dip. Bottom line would definitely go again in fact plan on quick revisit.
4	We were hungry and walked by this restaurant and decided to give it a try. There are only so many times that you can have the 777 at Mr. Lucky's!They asked us if we wanted to sit outside and we did. Glad we did bc it was a real nice atmosphere with the pool behind me and the unmatchy vintage furniture, I enjoyed it lolI had their Seared Tuna Salad and it was VERY tasty. In the last few months I've had this salad at other places and I've been so disappointed so it was a nice change for people to give a poop about the quality of their food.The rest of my company were happy with their food and enjoyed the atmosphere as much as I did. We don't come out this way very often but if we are in the area, we definitely come here again... 777, maybe if I don't have you for a few years I'll come see you again :P
3	Came for HH and a craving for the Bacon Bloody Mary, but alas there would be no BM's today, as the mixes were not made.  Settled on one of the HH drink specials-a $3 mug of Batch 19 Pre-Prohibition lager.We sat inside, watched the pool frolickers and I breathed a sigh of relief to see that our drinks were not served in mason jars-they were used for jelly jar lighting instead-insert sigh of relief here-and I could  just get back to singing along with the Arctic Monkeys with my inside voice. Soon after we were seated came a whole table of douchery, worse, a hoard of excessively drunk and loud douchery lead by a extremely loud douchebaguette.  Fortunately, she didn't have the moves like Jagger, nor the constitution like Richards and vanished (most likely to the nearest restroom) for the majority of our stay.All our niblies ( which turned out to be a vast amount of food) were expertly served by Devon:Pretzel Bites with Provolone Fondue-totally delish carb and cheese goodnessGrilled Cheese Sliders-a bit uneventfulMeatloaf Sandwich-too muted and blandHouse Potato Chips & Onion dip-succinctly tasty Would definitely return to try their main menu.
4	My husband and I made reservations for C.D. a couple days before we were going to go because Hard Rock was having a concert we were attending and we wanted to make sure we got a table. When we arrived at 5pm, the place was mostly empty, which was fine. The hostess was Very Friendly and Talkitive. The inside was nice, a little funky and casual. Our waiter arrived shortly after and took drink orders. I was a bit suprised at how laid back he was, i knew from reading reviews that staff wore street clothes, however it took me byu suprise when out waiter pulled up a chat to take take our order. He was friendly and asnwered the million questions i had. We had crusty bread for an app., it was great (i love bread) The drinks we ordered were AMAZING, The service was quick and our food arrived hot. I got the pub burger, which was one of the best burgers I have ever had. My husband got the meatloaf, which was pink on the inside, really pink. He ended up sending it back, the manager came over to our table and explained it was cooked, it looked pink because of the way it was cooked but they were making a new meat loaf for my husband, He was very friendly and professional. Once the meat loaf came out it was done perfect. We decided that we were going to have dessert and otdered the monkey bread, our waiter let us know its made fresh so it will 8-10 mins. Between the time we waited for the meatloaf and when we ordered dessert, they got busy, which put them a bit behind. So after 15 mins of waiting for our dessert (whioch it didnt seems that long, we were having a nice time talking and having a drink) the manager comes over to the table, and lets us know he has good news and bad news, the bad news is our monkeybread is going to take another 8 mins but in the mean time they are going to comp us andother dessert for free and sets down the salted carmel pudding with house made carmel corn. It was wonderful, the best pudding i have ever had. Once out monkey bread arrives our waiter lets us know that is on the house as well, i treid telling it was fine we were more than happy to pay for it but he wouldnt add it to the bill. My husband loved the monkey bread. i did not have any becuase i was beyond full. We had a wonderful experince, the staff and manager were all great. I can not wait to go back!
5	Took some friends here that were visiting from Alabama. It was also our first time. We all really enjoyed our lunch. Sitting outside by the pool was relaxing.The pretzel and cheese appetizer was probably my favorite part. I also tried the fried chicken that is in a honey batter and the prime rib french dip. For desert we had the caramel popcorn on custard and the monkey bread with ice cream.... MMMMMM!Had excellent service as well. Our waitress kept our drinks refilled and the manager even said hello as we were being seated and gave some food suggestions.
4	I am not really sure why I am not giving this place 5 Stars... I was in Vegas about a week ago and we were having a low key night after all day hangover's.... We were really hankering for fried chicken, so I "Yelp'ed" fried chicken and this place popped up not too far of a trek from MGM Signature Hotel where we were staying. I have to tell you the atmosphere was so relaxed, we sat outside near the pool at Hard Rock Hotel and lounged on the couches. They even have a Beer Pong table! We ordered the delicious pretzel bites and cheese fondu, which was a hit! But I have to say the Fried Chicken, mashed potatoes and gravy was to die for! This is one of the best meals I have every had on my trips to Vegas - and the prices were so reasonable! I would recommend this spot to anyone looking for good drink prices and some comfort food! What an amazing place! Can't wait to go back to Vegas just to come here :)
2	Ok place, very limited menu and over priced for what you get. I was staying @ the hotel, and as my room and meals were comped, I wanted to try it out. For a comped meal it was fine, but nothing special. Had a burger and fries here, but surprised that the portion size was so small.Service was also lacking w long wait times to clear the dishes and refill drinks, surprising it was not crowded on a Sunday afternoon. My friends also agreed it is not a place worth visiting again.
5	Bumping this up a notch.  After attending a soft opening of their upcoming brunch menu including egg white frittata, breakfast burrito, and cap'n crunch french toast, and getting to know the GM, Chef, Somallier and waitress, I was really impressed with the pride they take in their restaurant.  The food is consistently top quality but the prices are much less than you would pay in fancier establishments.  They have TV so if the brunch works out you know where I will be on Sundays during football season.
4	Fun & casual. Sat outside in a corner booth...great seat for a date. Great fried chicken!
2	We arrived at 5pm on a Saturday evening. We sat next to the window to get a view of the patio/pool area. It is mid August and they had the door open to the pool area, OPEN! It was so hot and uncomfortable in the restaurant. The open door invited unwelcome guests to our dining experience like flies on the window and 2 birds that hung out around our table. We ordered grilled asparagus- $4 for 5 wilted spears- that comes out to $1.25 a SPEAR.I ordered King Crab legs for dinner. They came on a plate of ice. They were only slightly cracked. I asked for crab leg crackers. The waitress said that they didn't have any. How was I supposed to eat my crab legs? She took them back and had them split again. Needless to say I ended up with crab meat in my hair, on my lap, and on the floor. My bf had a burger that he compared to the average burger joint.The resurrection of the meal was the monkey bread. It was hot, moist, and delicious.
3	Restaurant inside the HardRock Hotel and Casino in Las Vegas. The bar and outdoor seating face the iconic pool at the hard rock.Different Culinary creations Daily . Everything from seafood to bar food
2	Expensive Pool Food, nothing more!
4	Pros: Food was great! We got the pretzels and fondue which was delish. My eldest got the pan seared steak and he loved it. My youngest got the Italian salad and he was pleased. My man got the ribs and said they were the best ever. I got the vegetarian entree, sweet corn cannelloni, and I would def go back for it. So, that being said, the food made everything else worth it. Cons: it was very noisy, but we were at the hard rock hotel, so that's to be expected. My biggest issue was the temperature. It was about 107 outside and for whatever reason they had the wall behind the bar open, which let all the hot air in. I was literally sweating balls the whole time and it was after 9. Uffff. I guess it helps with their beer sales.
5	I came here around 6pm on a Wednesday.  The place was almost empty which was perfect.  My friend and I didn't have to wait to be seated or anything and service was prompt.I started off with the soft pretzels and fondue. That coupled with an IPA that they had on tap (sorry I forgot the name of it) was PERFECT!  Then I had the Fried chicken that came with mashed potatoes, cole slaw and a biscuit.  Again, PERFECT.  Easily some of the best fried chicken I've ever had in my life.  Perfectly crispy, yet tender and extremely juicy.For dessert I had the Salted Caramel custard with popcorn.  Again, this place completely nailed it on everything that I ordered.  I rarely give out a 5 star review but this place was as close to perfect as you can get (considering where I was and what I was in the mood for at that moment in time).I'd recommend coming at an off-peak hour as I hear that place can get pretty crowded and have longer wait times to be seated.  So if you're in Vegas and in the mood for comfort food and great beer, there really isn't another spot on the strip to go to!
5	NEVER COME TO VEGAS W/O EATING HERE. Wow factor food, prices and service.. Our server (Natalie) might have been the best, ever. Cool, unique place and the PATIO IS TO DIE FOR! Time and money well spent here, always.
5	I like to bring my out of town friends here for dinner because I like the laid back but classy atmosphere! It's a nice break from the strip too because the Hard Rock Hotel & Casino is a little bit off the strip. I have loved everything I've tried so far!!!
4	Had a lovely Caesar salad w/ shrimp and kale for lunch. It was very tasty and delish. The ambiance was awesome as well. Co-workers had the pretzel sandwich with turkey and pastrami and raved about it. The Italian grinder sandwich received a two thumbs up as well. Definitely a must try when at Hard Rock Hotel.
2	Very disappointing.  Wanted a quick "light" dinner that ended up taking 2 HOURS!  Slow service and letting us know they were out of what we ordered after a loooong wait.  They did end up giving us more food than we ordered to try and compensate.
2	Was very excited to try but super disappointed !! Service was horrible food was ok . The interior was beautifully decorated that was worth the visit ! Went in before a show and had to track our server down just to get out of there!!! Same with drinks and food waited a loooong time for everything !!!
4	Been here 3 times in the last several days.  Very cool place with an urban feel but very roomy and sophisticated in it's own way.  The French Dip and burger were both very good.  The fries were awesome as well.  The brunch was tasty, eggs and bacon, French toast, coffee, mimosa's, and more.  The employees are very friendly and helpful too.  Will try the locations in AZ for sure.
4	I have heard wonderful things about Culinary Dropout, so my husband and I were super excited to try it with some friends.  I ordered the fried chicken - now, I have to say, I am a Kentucky girl.  I know my fried chicken.  I haven't had awesome fried chicken since I moved out of Kentucky almost a year ago.  Culinary Dropout has ahhhhhmazing fried chicken.  The prices are a bit high, but the food is delicious.  My meal came with three pieces of chicken (a leg, breast & thigh), coleslaw, mashed potatoes & a honey biscuit - for $22.  The restaurant, itself is beautifully decorated.  There is an open patio section with cool fire pit tables.  (My description is terrible - go see for yourself!).  I'm a professional photographer & would looove to shoot inside this place.  It's so cool.  The staff was very nice and our waitress held herself together well when some douche grabbed her butt while she was taking his order.  For me, the music was a bit loud.  We could barely hear our friends talking, so it's not great for conversation.  & the only other downside is that it's in the Hard Rock, which is quite possibly the douchiest place in Las Vegas.  We dodged about 10 Bachelor parties and a gaggle of obnoxious drunk girls (at 5:30 in the afternoon - I know this is Vegas, but geez...at least wait until after dark to be so drunk you can't walk.) just getting to the actual restaurant.Go.  Eat.  Dodge drunk guys.  Be happy.
5	Update: Hands down the best food at the Hard Rock and the servers are so much fun too. We loved our server, Benny. He was friendly, full of great suggestions, and took excellent care of our table, the pretzels and kale salad are my fave snacks and the sweet potato cannolini was STUPID good. And any drink you order will be amazing. Happy hour is a really good deal too. Love this place. Original review: My friend and I LOVED this place. We stopped by prior to the Motley Crue concert for dinner and drinks. We sat at the bar since we didn't have a reservation and didn't feel like waiting (though it was only a 20 minute wait on a friday night at 7:30). The ambiance inside was dark but inviting. Outside was chill with fire pits and comfortable loungey furniture. The bar had seats inside and outside. The bartenders were very friendly and offered suggestions for dinner and drink when we asked their opinion. The drinks were very tasty and made with fresh ingredients. I had something similar to a Kentucky Mule (Bourbon instead of Vodka so it's not a Moscow Mule) and my friend had a Tequila house drink recommended by the bartender. Both drinks were amazing!! For dinner we had a sweet corn cannelloni served with a butter sauce, roasted tomatoes, and a hint of truffle sauce. Simple, delicious, and not heavy as one would expect being a pasta dish. We also had some pretzel bites served with a cheese fondue which was a great bar dish to have with strong cocktails! The drinks were so good, we ended up stopping in for another one after the show! HIGHLY recommend Culinary Dropout if you are at the Hard Rock!
4	Love this place... Great drinks great food and even better service a must to check out while in vegas
4	Glad to see a newer dining selction inside the Hard Rock. Culinary Dropout fits in nicely between the ultra casual Lucky's 24/7 Diner and the much higher end NOBU and 35 Steaks and Martini on the HR property. Culinary Dropout is more what I would describe as comfort food, they have a pretty decent menu that should suit most. Some freinds and I dropped in for a bite and ate outside poolside for lunch one afternoon. I went with an order of the hot pretzels with fondue dips and a turkey reuben, both were delish. Service was good too, I have no real complaints and would recommend this place to fellow Yelpers and freinds in a heart beat.
4	I debated for quite awhile with myself about this review.  The fried chicken is the best I've had in Las Vegas.  It was a 6 star dish.  But, the rest of the meal was not, so that's how I arrive at 4 stars.We had lunch at Culinary Dropout on a weekday around 1.  It was not crowded, a few tables outside and maybe 4 people at the bar.  So, we sat right down.  Our server came right over for our drinks, but after that, service was a little spotty.  I don't know if she was also working tables outside or doing something in the back, but I feel like we went long periods without even seeing her in the restaurant.  So, that was a little annoying.To start, we had a charcuterie plate.  This includes a good amount of bread and some jam.  We had a blue, a cheddar, and some Iberico ham.  All of it was fantastic, the ham was, of course, the star.  Soft in texture and almost buttery, it's phenomenal.  For lunch, as I noted above, I had the fried chicken.  This includes 3 pieces, potatoes, a honey biscuit and gravy.  They drizzle a little honey over the chicken.  Not so much that it overpowers the dish or affects the crispiness of the skin, but enough so you get a little sweet taste with each bite.  This chicken was excellent.  Crispy skin that adhered to the meat, seasoned meat, and the meat remained juicy (even on the white pieces).  It's a steal at $22.  This dish came with a lot of hype, I had heard from many people how fantastic it was, and it delivered.  The potatoes were fine, both they and the gravy needed seasoning.  The biscuit was not as flaky as I like, and it was lukewarm.  So, those items were a little disappointing compared to the chicken.  But, I would certainly order this again knowing that the other parts of the dish were not as good as the chicken.  It's that good.The wife had the grilled cheese and yesterday's soup, which was tomato bisque.  I don't usually care for tomato soups, but I liked this one.  Hearty and had a lot of seasoning.  Good tomato flavored accentuated by the seasoning.  It was of course excellent when you dip the sandwich into the soup.  I don't frequent the Hard Rock Casino, but I would absolutely return just to eat here again.  I recommend you do the same.
4	Couple things to know about my evening at the bar by myself here.   First off, I'm a talker.   If the bartender doesn't want to talk to me for some reason, I'll talk to anyone.   Coming to rescue for this place was a hysterical bar back who by the end had written an entire back story to the show Rehab.   What's more, it was on his recommendation that I  ordered this crazy good fried chicken.   Anyway the back story was that this restaurant was place where the beautiful people of the show Rehab go to retire, grow old, put on a couple pounds etc.   I'm adding a picture here of the mean bartender (at the very least she was uncomfortably unfriendly) so that just like bad reviews on food, someone finds a better recipe.
5	Food was great! Service was great! Atmosphere was amazing! Try the pretzel dippers and grilled asparagus (ask for it hot). This was the only plus to staying at the Hard Rock.
3	I dig the place. The happy hour is pretty decent. It helps that location is centralized and off the strip. There is an outdoor area for dining. I have been here for brunch and I actually prefer brunch here over dinner/ happy hours. But I have to say that those pretzel bites are AMAZING! Was not a fan of the service (unless you are at the bar). I just felt that alot of the staff had that "i'm here to get tips, and do the minimum work... while getting paid". Brunch is what saves this review from getting just two stars. I feel the brunch staff is far more attentive and knows the menu more, while giving their own personal suggestions. LOVE THAT FRENCH TOAST!
4	Cool and hip!I love the decor and the patio is AWESOME.  There are Alice in Wonderland type chairs, couches, regular tables, fire pits, and a great view of the pool.  The patio is a great place to hang out for brunch in the daytime or drinks in the afternoon.The food here has been delicious both times I have gone.  I got the ahi tuna salad the first time.  LOTS of avocado and the wasbai peas were a little kick of surprise.  The next time I went I got a sandwich (pastrami I think?) and it was on a pretzel roll.  I just remember the damn delicious pretzel roll.  They have this fondue that looks scrumptious, but I've never gotten it because I think I would just eat the cheese with a spoon and people might judge me for that, you know?This is a really fun place that would be good for groups or a date.  Very trendy.
4	Best happy hour in Vegas. Craft brews, delicious snacks and sammies. Our sever Dana was great and her manager was quite thankful for us taking Mo-vember photos to support men's cancer awareness. WILL BE BACK. No photos because we inhaled everything.
4	YUM! We went for happy hour on Friday at around 4pm- great deal on drinks and apps. I got the meatloaf sandwich for $6 which was an absolute steal for the price and very yummy. My friends got the chips and ranch dip (yum) and the pretzels w cheese fondue which was my favorite- the cheese sauce was unique- creamy and semi like regular nacho cheese w a twist- amazing cheese I can't describe it but just trust me. Pretzel dough was fresh and hot.  Happy hour prices made this an absolute will come back. Locals get 25% off too. Service was great.
4	Culinary Dropout was a great experience. Our waitress was very personable, and she had many recommendations.  It was nice because it was just off the strip, so not very crowded, but we were very early (5pm) because of a show.  There was a nice outdoor patio, too.  The roasted beets were amazing!!
1	More like Culinary dropped the ball. We went here for some easy pre-going out food since we were staying at the Hard Rock and I was not so impressed. I came in with high expectations because it seemed like a super cool atmosphere with fire pits and good lighting but left annoyed and unsatisfied. First, they wanted to sit us at some chairs outside that didn't have a table where "most guests just put their plates on their lap" I'm sorry but I'm not paying money to have a glorified picnic. When we did get a table our waiter took foreverrrrr and he was not accommodating to vegetarians AT ALL. Usually restaurants have several options (not just one salad) seeing as people have dietary restrictions. I would have been happy with regular pasta with marina sauce but no. When we finally got the food, it was luke warm and again, disappointing. When we tried to get our bill, we had to find another waitress because our waiter was MIA. Like I understand it's busy but don't neglect your customers all together.
5	This place is awesome! My boyfriend and I were just in Vegas and stayed at HR. We first went to Culinary Dropout Sunday morning before Rehab. The service was incredible!! I didn't know what I wanted to drink and our server made a perfect suggestion (some sort of gin drink, maybe ginger beer too? He described it as a spinoff of a mimosa). The food was really really good. We went back the morning of our checkout but misses breakfast so we didn't stay. But our second server was very courteous and understanding, she even have me coffee to go. We will definitely be back here anytime we go to Vegas, whether we stay at Hard Rock or not. The decor is like an industrial kitchen, open and comfortable. The patio is edged by the pool so all around the venue is fantastic. Definitely one of my top restaurants in Vegas and overall favorites.
5	god damn i love this place... my wife and i frequent this place alot... the food is absolutely amazing.  the service is top notch. i am a big fan of their pretzel balls and meatloaf.. and their oysters are to die for! 5 stars!!
4	I came here for happy hour. It was practically empty - just a couple of other folks sitting at the bar. The space itself is nice - big and open. The bartender was really nice and friendly. The happy hour deals are great. $3 for draft beer. And an assortment of half-off menu items - chips and dip, fries, grilled cheese sliders, etc. I went with the chips and onion dip. The portion was plentiful. The chips were large and just the right level of thickness and crispness. The dip was creamy and tasty and not overly onion-y. Based on my limited experience here, I would most definitely return.
5	This place is great for any occasion! The music is fun the servers are dressed casually (good for them) I thought it was cute! And the decor is fun and contemporary and random. The food was 4.5-5 star quality. We got the jambalaya split, but really it was enough food for one. And the pretzels which are just enough to split. I highly recommend both choices they were delicious. Our server was great as well. I already am planning my next trip back for drinks and to try the raw bar
3	The Hard Rock on a Sunday night - empty!  I was here for dinner with a friend and we shared some Charcuterie to start then I sampled their "famous" fried chicken.  There was some initial confusion because both our drink menu and our charcuterie options were outdated, but the server handled it well and I was happy with the tasty soppresseta and cheese.  I think it is a little much to charge for bread when I am paying for both meat and cheese separately, but with a few accompaniments, we could have easily made this our meal.I thought the fried chicken wasn't bad, but it wasn't great, either.  It came with a large biscuit, but no butter and the cole slaw was incredibly bland.  The drumstick and thigh were both juicy, but the breast was quite tough.We finished with the baked-to-order apple monkey bread, which was meh.All in all, this wouldn't be worth a trip to the Hard Rock, but if you were there already and hungry, you could find some decent food.
5	Culinary Dropout is in the Hard Rock Hotel. My GF and I went there on a whim today for some lunch. We were not dressed up and we were hungover, but we decided to go in anyway. My brother frequents this place in Arizona, so we had some ideas about what to order. We started out with the pretzel bites with provolone cheese fondue. I highly recommend this appetizer, the only downside is that I filled up and could not finish my pub burger. The burger was exactly what I was looking for, gastropub style with lots of flavor. I was sad that I could not finish it. My GF got the breakfast burrito, which was fantastic. For drinks I had The After School Special. Thumbs up in my book. The girlfriend had the bottomless mimosas, can't go wrong there. We had our service dog with us, the staff was more than friendly with him being with us ( I know it's a law that an establishment can't discriminate, but trust me, it happens) We sat on the patio and had our drinks while watching the staff shave their Mo-vember mustaches off. Great people watching. Our waiter Shaun, was not only a great server, but a great human being. He talked with us for a long time and made us feel right at home. I really liked this place and will be back. Next time you are at Hard Rock, skip the gross restaurant Pink Taco, and head into Culinary Dropout. Look for the tattooed server named Shaun, you won't be disappointed.
4	This place is located inside the Hard Rock in Vegas and unlike Pink Taco that is also in there, this place is really good.  Decided to check it out due to the persuasive hostess, glad we did.  It's got quite the selection of food.  The appetizers we had were homemade potato chips, really good, and warm pretzels with cheese dip, ah-mazing.  Service was great too, quick and friendly.  Highly recommend.
4	Great food here. Try the corn ravioli and the Gorgonzola chicken salad.
4	This place was fantastic! It was the best place to stop by for bottomless mimosas and delicious food after a girls trip to Vegas. Sean, our waiter, was amazing! He was super friendly and made time to go over the menu with us! His recommendations were amazing! The soft pretzels with fondue provolone cheese was delicious! Also, loved the Captain Crunch French toast! Definitely will be coming back the next time I'm in town!
5	My husband and I decided to drop in on a friend at Culinary Dropout and test out his new digs.  We left completely satisfied and wanting to try more.  We first tried the Burrata, a cream infuse mozzarella with persimmon, brussels sprouts, hazelnuts, and grilled croutons. As if fresh mozzarella isn't creamy enough, this just melted in your mouth. The roasted hazelnuts and crispy brussels sprouts leaves brought a delightful texture to the party in my mouth.  Our second appetizer was their infamous  soft pretzels and provolone fondue.  Delicious is an understatement.  The pretzel knobs were soft and airy on the inside, with a soft, chewy, shimmery outside. And the fondue...OH THE FONDUE... The provolone fondue to the pretzel is like a micro fleece blanket and a wood fire to you and I.  Let's just say I'm on a mission to replicate the recipe.  For entree's, we ordered the goulash and jambalaya.  Sounds ordinary, but Culinary Dropout took it to the extraordinary.  The spices were BAM! spot on.  The portions, well worth it.  Who knew leftover jambalaya would be so good for breakfast?!  I do now. We ended the meal sharing the chocolate and peanut brittle tart, a rich chocolate gonosh in a flaky crust sprinkled with peanut brittle.  Delicious.We will definitely find ourselves back there to  try other items on the menu and more pretzels and fondue.  Cannot wait.
2	The name is great and the restaurant itself is awesome with a cool view of the pool. They also have these really big comfy chairs that would be fun to sit back in while watching a game and enjoying a beer. I've read some bad reviews about their staff but our waitress was really friendly so that was a plus too.The food is where everything went downhill. We ordered pretzels with fondue cheese...which to me, was microwaved pretzel bites not cooked fully and some packaged cheese dip thrown over a candle. My wife had fried chicken which somehow got cooked in less than 5 minutes and was terrible, she barely even touched the food. The skin was soggy and gross, the meat was dry and had no flavor...worst of all it cost $22! I had a shaved prime rib dip that had a ton of fat with no flavor. I'm not sure how they justify $18 for this sandwich or the crazy prizes for anything else on their menu. Culinary Dropout has pretty much everything going for it besides just one thing...good food. If it weren't for our waitress, I probably would have given this place 1 star. There was just nothing good about it. We wanted to try the monkey bread so bad but I really didn't feel like throwing away another $10 here!
3	Had heard some good things about this place so we decided to stop by while in Vegas.The pretzel fondue came highly recommended so we gave it a go. Frankly it tasted like soft pretzel bites dipped in milky nacho cheese more than a fondue. I usually go with the yelp highlights, but in this case it was the fried chicken and it sounded a bit heavy at the time. I decided to go with the chicken sandwich (I believe it was on a focaccia roll). It was relatively good, but not particularly memorable. All in all, the meal and the service were ok, but nothing stood out.Given the massive amount of dining options in Vegas, I'm unlikely to come back under my own volition, but I wouldn't be opposed if a friend was set on going.
2	Rating it strictly for Happy Hour. Pretzels with fondue was mediocre at best and despite only costing $6, not worth it.  I'd prefer a smaller portion with higher quality fondue.  The salmon bruschetta was akin to tuna fish smear on overly thick bread coupled with a pale out of season tomato, some capers and marinated red onion.  Poor balance on flavors to say the least.  HH wasn't enough to lure me into ordering dinner.
4	Check out their happy hour. Monday through Friday, from 3-6, it includes $3-6 snacks, as well as $3 PBR mugs, $4 well cocktails, and $6 mystery shot and beer.  I stuck with the wells, but they were well made and you can get them with their house-made lemonade.We sampled the meatloaf sandwich and cheese sliders (both $6) and the house-made chips and onion dip ($3).  The portions are great (regular sized meatloaf and three mini grilled cheese sandwiches); these were delicious. The grilled cheese were perfectly golden and melted and the meatloaf was tender with a great sauce. I loved the homemade onion dip---yum!  The pretzel bites looked good and came in a generous quantity, and the antipasto platter also looked good, but alas, we were too full from our hearty snacks.Great open floor plan lets you see the kitchen, the bar, and out to the patio/pool (it was closed on the December evening when we were there). Service was great, and although it was a Friday evening at 5 pm, with a Bowl Game in town, we were able to be seated immediately.  I wish that I would have gone on earlier in the week (so I could go back several times during my trips.
5	Happy hour here rocks!  M-F 3-6pm they have a variety of appetizers including meatloaf sandwiches ($6), grilled cheese sliders (3 sliders $6), pretzels with cheese ($4) and fries ($3).  The drink specials are pretty fair by LV standards with $4 wells and $3 PBR mugs.  The service was fast, and I liked the laid back atmosphere here.  It was a great place to start off our night with tasty food and a few drinks.The meatloaf sandwich was delicious!! It has a ketchup reductions that was sweet and savory, perfectly complementing the soft egg bun and tender meat.  The grilled cheese sliders were nicely toasted and tasty as well.  Definitely worth a stop if you are in the area.
3	Had a drink at the bar before dinner, Nice looking room they did a good job with patio. Food was average at best. Everything was prepared just ok. The service was attentive and pleasant.
5	CD is my favorite bar/restaurant inside my favorite hotel casino in Las Vegas.  A very good yet eclectic drink selection, small but good beer selection and a varied menu.  Add this all up to include a cheerful & competent wait staff and bartenders.....ding ding ding!!  We have ourselves a winner folks!  Others have spoke about the awesome happy hour specials so there's nothing more I can add to what's been said already.Speaking of the bartenders, Jamie was very attentive and knowledgeable about the various drinks to choose from. She is the best of an already good group.  Her pleasant and happy demeanor made a good place that much better.  Needless to say, anytime I'm back in Las Vegas, a visit to CD will be on my agenda!
4	Mmmmmm. This place is delish. First of all, walking in. The atmosphere is awesome. Dark with a young, hip feeling. The staff has no uniforms, which is cool. Everyone has their own style. The decor is also cool. The chairs and plates are all mismatched but go together. Red, black and white plates are stacked by the kitchen. Now- the food. We got the pretzels and cheese fondue. Let me just say: to DIE for. Seriously. I could probably just eat that as a meal. Pretzels are big and soft nuggets with just enough salt. The cheese fondue is perfecttttt. I got a crispy shrimp Caesar salad. Pretty good, but then again, I've never had any sort of Caesar salad I didn't like.My boyfriend got the prime rib sandwich I think it was? Some sort of steak and cheese. The bread was nice and soft, not all hard and crusty like most rolls I've had/seen. Meat was tender and the cheese was good. I had one fry, wasn't impressed. All in all, I loved it all. The service was good. Atmosphere was nice. Good was good. I'll definitely be back, even if only for the pretzels and cheese.
5	I wasn't sure about this restaurant, and wasn't super hopeful looking at the menu at first since I'm gluten free.  We ordered the house potato chips for an appetizer, and they were so good, the onion dip they come with is plain addicting!!Their kale and sweet potato salad kept catching my eye; I was nervous that I wouldn't like it but I was so intrigued I just had to order it and man, am I glad that I did!  It was AMAZING.  Lettuce and kale, roasted sweet potato, walnuts, goats cheese, pears pomegranate arils (I may be forgetting a couple things), all topped with a vinaigrette.  I can't stop thinking about it!  We hardly ever venture down by the strip but I can't wait to go here again.And even though I just had some chips and a salad, I was definitely full by the end of the meal.
3	Made reservations for 6 pm on Saturday before checking out Zac Brown Band. So glad we had reservations as we were walking in, the hostess was telling a party of three, who did not have reservations, the place was completely booked for the night. Maybe it was due to ZBB performing there that night or maybe that's the usual for a Saturday night. I'm not sure. The hostess was super pleasant and our servers were pretty chill and laid back. Not too obtrusive which is just the way I like it.The restaurant's decor is fabulous. English Pub meets Vintage Hollywood. Perfect for the Hard Rock. Hip and cool and definitely caters to a younger crowd (or the young at heart). We were seated by the window, which ended up being a quieter table (relatively speaking, of course. The place is loud and unapologetic about it. It is the Hard Rock, after all. Quiet and romantic this place is not.). The BF ordered the grilled cheese sliders with fries. I didn't care for either. The bread on the grilled cheese was way too thick, too hard, and dry. Not enough butter, in my opinion. I like my grilled cheese more on the greasy side. The cheese tasted slightly grainy. Maybe the provolone fondue set the bar too high for me that night. The bacon was sparse and a little overdone. The fries were okay. Nothing special about em. The dish looked good but I didn't think it tasted as good as it looked.I ordered the highly recommended pretzels and provolone fondue based on yelp recommendations. Truth be told, that dish is why I wanted to go to Culinary Dropout. And a little more truth...before I give my opinion on the dish, I need to say I've been going low carb for a while so when I indulge, it needs to be good or I will be a big, terrible, cranky, mean monster. It's true. This was my night to cheat and I was going to do it BIG.So, was it worth it? Oh. Yeah. Did I stuff myself silly?  Yes. Yes, I did. I did share one or two pieces but I wasn't happy about it. The pretzels nuggets looked perfect and smelled so good! Deep brown in color and perfectly textured. Crunchy exterior yielding to warm, chewy, and airy interior. Honestly, I could have skipped the fondue entirely. But, I didn't. This was my cheat night, after all! The cheese was excellent. It was a simple meal. But it was a good meal. And I'm still thinking about it...
2	SOOOOOOOOO disappointed with the Culinary Dropout.  I came here not once but twice in the same weekend.  The first was for beers (a good selection) and enjoyed the artichoke (if a bit watery) and the soft pretzels bites with (really thin) provolone fondue. The second time was for bunch on a Sunday.  Service was super slow and forgetful. The worst part was the biscuits and sausage gravy.  It was tomato-y.  TOMATO.  I just... *shivers* I don't want to talk about it.  It was a terrible experience.
2	$63.78 for 2 cocktails 2 appetizers and 1 dessert.Would be fair if there was an entree or 2 in there but all we had were appetizers. The food was fair but not great. The monkey bread dessert was good and the "After School Special" drink tasty but not worth the over priced bill.Do yourself a favor and go to Mr.Luckys next door. Ask about the 7.77 special thats not on the menu.
4	This place is fun! Good, solid comfort food (that came much faster than I anticipated). The brown bag special was fun, not a good beer, but fun none the less. Very impressed with the food, I had the fish and chips and the fish was super moist and it wasn't battered to death. Very much going to this place again.
3	Drinks were great... Food not so much. I ordered the frittata and it didn't feel wholesome or fresh. Kind of boring actually. I will give this place kudos for good drinks and great service though. The waiter was super sweet and very patient with my indecision, haha! I would come back here to hang out but maybe after eating elsewhere.
4	Fox made a great move putting this concept in Vegas! I had dinner on the patio with a large group and everything was a hit. We of course shared a few servings of the pretzel and cheese appy. Always a must have at any culinary. I had the fries chicken meal and was blown away with how amazing the breading was. I think it's drizzle in honey.  Our server was very knowledgeable and made some great recommendations for my friends. Will be returning once I'm back in Vegas!
4	Third time I've been, third amazing experience. Whoever doesn't like the Fried Chicken doesn't know what authentic means. I will be back again and again.
4	beer = awesome!  food = crazy delicious!  ambiance = for hard rock, very chill, very cool, very enjoyable!  really enjoyed this place.  creative take on standard staples.  yesterday's soup is always a great choice.  the burger was charred just right.  all around good place.  came here multiple times during our stay in vegas and with the abundance of spots all around, that speaks volumes.
5	The happy hour was amazing. The place is very cool but not trying too hard. The staff was friendly. Had grilled cheese sliders, shrimp pot stickers and a salad. Along with 4 mix drinks. It was around $40. The bar is a lot of fun. I can't wait to go back for a full meal.
4	LOUD AS HELL, but FUN!  If you're looking for a quiet conversation, this is NOT your place.  The food is pretty good.  My prime rib sandwich was ok.  Not great.  The pretzel ball fondue appetizer thing is worth the trip.  SNAP!  Great beers on tap.  FUN and creative!  I know it's cool for the waiters to wear whatever they want, but it also makes them hard to find, because they look like everyone else in there.  Fun idea, but maybe they should have hats or something distinctive.
4	Stopped in for brunch on Sunday before heading to the airport. We were able to squeeze into a spot at the bar. This place definitely has a rustic chicness with a slight rebellious energy. I love the chandeliers and the green vintage couches. A drop-down garage door opens up to the outdoor patio and the iconic Hard Rock pool. There's also a 12-seat raw bar and a full antipasti bar if you're feeling the urge. I went with the wildly popular soft pretzels with provolone fondue.  So delicious! The soft pretzels come with sea salt and are so warm and pillowy. The fondue sauce was wonderful with a nice sharp bite and a creamy irresistible texture. Nothing like dunkin' fresh-baked pretzel bites into a pot of creamy fondue. Real crowd pleaser! Reconnect with your inner child and go with the Cap'n Crunch French Toast. Dusted with powdered sugar and fresh raspberries and drizzled with a lovely custard sauce. The flavors meld together so well. This French toast has it all! The menu offers up such a variety with fried chicken, king crab legs, salmon, oysters, grilled cheese sliders, jambalaya, 36-hour pork ribs, pork belly cubano, cheese plates, Korean rib eye cab and monkey bread...just to name a few.Culinary Dropout is proving to be a heavyweight in the Hard Rock world, joining the likes of Nobu, Pink Taco and 35 Steaks & Martinis. This place is a great hangout spot with screens, libations, fun appetizers and dishes and a prime pool-side locale. Highly recommend!
3	This was exactly what I was expecting.  Typical Gastropub with trendy decor.  I started off with a Bacon Bloody Mary, which was my absolute favorite part of the meal (haha).  The smoky flavor was present, but not overwhelming.  I could have had 3, except for the fact that it was pretty darn strong.  For $10 a pop, I enjoyed that it had a little kick to it.  I ordered a chicken sandwich because our waiter told us that all the bread was house made and raved about the sandwiches.  It was good, but nothing to write home about.  My two brunch partners got salad, which they said were very tasty.  If you're staying at the Hard Rock, I'd definitely give this place a try.  It offers something a little different from the steakhouses and sushi bars.
4	2/12/14 - Better than last time I went there...tasty food, good drinks, excellent service.  Best place to eat at Hard Rock.
5	We shared the hot pretzel fondue and grilled cheese sliders.  A-MAZ-ING!  Now that I know about this place, I plan to go back often to try the rest of the menu.  Our table on the patio was so comfy and our waiter Sean really made this lunch memorable as well.
4	Wierd place. I say that as a compliment, because that is what it is supposed to be. I would desribe it as upscale rock and roll. Waitress was great. She suggested the pretzels which were very good. We ordered white shrimp and oysters from the raw bar. Both were very good. The shrimp were half the size of a hot dog! We then split a prime rib sandwich and it was good. Beer selection was crazy good. I was surprised at how bad the beer selection was in most of Vegas, but not here. Beer snobs will love the menu!
4	AMAZING cheeseburger! I'm talking AMAZING! And the pretzels were to die for! Super unique artichoke-- very smokey! I'd say all in all I'm DEFINITELY a fan of the food. Service however, pretty lacking... it's really too bad. For one, the server had NO knowledge of all of the beers they offered-- pretty sad considering that is sort of half the reason they exist. And then once the food hit our table we never saw the server again. We had to ask multiple other servers (who we thought we servers, but no one wear uniforms here-- sort of a "cool" place) in order to get our check. But man the food is good!
4	Fun place to hang out and get out of the casino environment. It is loud but they have a cool outdoor seating area w fire pits. Everything I've had here is great. Fried http:/chicken, meatloaf, prime rib, pretzels, artichoke. The best spot in hard rock to eat at.
3	Located inside Hard Rock Hotel, food was ok, service was pretty good. Large portions.
4	We ordered the antipasta and pretzel fondue, we were definitely not disappointed. The antipasta had fresh asparagus and port salut cheese which melted in your mouth. The fondue had a cute presentation. The staff was friendly and accommodating. I would recommend it to friends.
5	Date & Time:  Saturday March 1, 2014 @ 11:30amLocation:  Hard Rock HotelDining Companion:  The HusbandScene:  Groups of Cute Guys in Seven Jeans, Fitted Tee's + Flip Flops & Girls in Tank Tops, Short-Shorts & Flat Sandals Clutching Chanel Caviar PursesMusic:  EDMDecor:  Rock n' Roll Lounge w/ Tufted Green Leather Banquettes, Jonathon Adler Furnishings Overlooking The PoolService:  Friendly, Attractive, Efficient Imbibe:  Full BarDevour:  Prime Rib Dip Sandwich & Cap N' Crunch French ToastTotal:  $33.78
4	Another installment of the "craft beer/craft food" restaurant model, but I'm ok with this model.It's a large space, which is great.  Ordered the pretzel bites and provolone fondue.  OH. MY. GOD.  They're incredible.Also had their fried chicken which was fantastic (though, a bit greasy.  Could have rested a little more, nbd).And any place that serves tall cans of PBR to go with my food, is a great place to me.Also, if you're jonesing for a snack, you can get some of their food to go and stroll about the casino with it.Looking forward to going back!
4	Stopped for drinks and a snack here in between gambling and walking around. My dad did their brown bag special, which was a can of beer in a brown bag so you don't know what it is. It was something cheap, which made him laugh. He's no snob so he still drank it. I had their Riesling and my partner had the moscato, both were good. Did the pretzel bites with fondue and home made chips with french onion dip. Chips and dip were good, pretzels and fondue were amazing. I was surprised that they did provolone but it was excellent. Saw mussels, fried chicken and a few other things go out. All looked good. Ambiance is cool. Love Hard Rock, like this place too.
5	Wowza! Elevated casino/pub food to be sure!I came here on a Thursday night, had a not-too-sweet signature cocktail, a Burrata appetizer and the Pretzels with cheese fondue and it was amazing!!! The atmosphere was cool but unpretentious, there was a guy singing and playing guitar on stage but I didn't want to strangle him... overall, a way better experience than I thought I would have had at the Hard Rock.
5	I am extremely picky and always find something wrong with a meal. I stayed at this hotel for 3 weeks and never had anything wrong with my meal. Fantastic selections and great balance of flavors. The service is ok, if your a server you should remember your repeat guest. We came in almost every day and he didn't remember us.
5	I wish this restaurant would open a location in Los Angeles!  See ... in Los Angeles we have a lot of these "foody-type places" that just suck.  They're these middling restaurants that cost $50-$75 or $100 for two and they think they're all rad and ... they're not.I just said to my girlfriend that I would almost drive the 3 hours to Vegas to have the turkey pastrami sandwich they have.  It's fantastic.We started with pretzels and provolone cheese sauce.  Again, fantastic!  The charcuterie was both generous and the selections were very well-curated.  I should also mention the service.  In Los Angeles we have actor-waiters.  They suck.  Perhaps not all of them suck but at least 90% of them suck.  We both always tell people to get real service -- and sometimes "real food" -- one has to go to Vegas.  This restaurant didn't disappoint.  Anne Marie was amazing.  She knew the menu well and made recommendations that we all enjoyed a lot.  Oh, yeah, the Manhattan cocktail they have is terrific!When we go back to as a couple and not when I'm there for meetings we are DEFINITELY going back here for at least one meal!  Bravo, guys!  Now ... get off your asses and come to Los Angeles!!!!
2	I've had many good meals here, but the last couple... not so good.  I love the whole concept and the ambiance of this place.  I arrived around 1 p.m. on a Tuesday for lunch after checking-in to the hotel.  Only about 20 customers scattered though-out the large dining area.  Translation... NOT busy at all.  I sat at a totally empty bar and ordered from a very nice bartender.  Shaved Prime Rib Dip and a salad.  I get the same thing every time I have lunch there at CD.I waited and waited and waited...the bartender came over and said, "she was very sorry for the wait, the order would be right over."  I was fine... stuff happens... figured it was just now getting made.  Another 5 minutes or so went by and my food came. The sandwich was cold, meat, cheese and the au jus... all cold.  I like food piping-hot, but this wasn't even like warm, it was cold.  I ate it, the meat and cheese were tasty, but damn at least re-heat it in the microwave if it got left sitting out.I like writing about places and food that I like... I don't look for things to go wrong, nor do I enjoy doing a negative review, but CD earned this one.Last two-(2) meals just haven't been good here.  The other one was Fried Chicken, which I've had for dinner several times and loved it.  Last month another loooong wait and then not served hot.  The place was busier that night, but not packed and I know it takes longer for the fried-chicken (says right on the menu).  I don't mind the wait, but don't make me wait, then let it sit around for a while before you bring it over.The place has a very laid-back atmosphere where the severs and workers kinda act like they're just hangin'-out kinda thing.  It worked before, cause the food and service was very good.  Now it seems like they've bought into the whole laid-back concept a little too much.I stay monthly at the hotel, so I'll give 'em one more try, but after that... back to Mr. Lucky's I guess.UPDATE:  I was contacted by the General Manager 15 minutes after I wrote this... now THAT's impressive.  I learned a long time ago that the mark of a good business isn't being perfect all the time, though that's certainly the goal, but how to fix the things that aren't perfect and make them right.  The concern this individual showed for my  experience is truly impressive!
3	As far as Vegas eateries go.. I thought the Culinary Dropout was okay. The menu read fantastically! But I thought the final edible results were just alright. The Yelp reviews are mostly raving, so I may in the minority. But had I not been staying in the Hard Rock, I wouldn't have made a bee-line to eat here.That being said, I think it's a great bar. Great selection, the signature cocktails and mixed drinks are killer - great flavors and creativity. Just wouldn't plan on eating here when there are so many other great restaurants in Vegas. A bit lacking in the service department, too.
5	CDO is my absolute favorite place in Vegas. Being a local, it is the first place i take any visiting friends or family members to. Recently,  one of my best friends was in from the East Coast and our experience is as follows; we sat at the bar and we're greeted immediately by Kenny. Kenny had a phenomenal personality and knowledge of the food and drink. He was more than willing to not only put on but find the hockey game that we wanted to watch, which I have found to be a nuisance to many bartenders in this town.  We started out with the pretzels and cheese fondue. That cheese, it's perfect.  We sampled four of their amazing cocktails,  smashed irishman, bells and whistles, between you and me and the Moscow mule, all of which had me in a cognitive debate over which one was more exceptional than the last. We finished with the best sandwich in house, the prime rib dip. Beyond the food, the drinks, the trendy atmosphere and amazing service, we got an experience that she or myself will never forget.
4	I walked into Culinary Dropout for a quick lunch before heading to the strip to walk and enjoy the beautiful weather. I had a turkey pastrami sandwich on a pretzel bun with french fries :-). Everything about my meal was delicious. I didn't want to leave anything on my plate!!My server was awesome. He was efficient and kind to this single female sitting in his section.Loved the fact that the restaurant is directly by the pool. They do have a section of tables outside with fire pits, but it was closed during the day due to wind (which is the reason for the missing star -- if I asked, and there is a server present, you should let me sit outside).There is another location in Phoenix, but I don't know if it is as good! :-)
5	Though the General Manager insisted I contact him next visit to make things right, I elected to stop in "under the radar".  I simply asked the very nice server, Stephanie, if she would mention that my last sandwich was cold and I like them hot.  About 10 minutes later a fella from the kitchen served me with a smile and said, "shaved prime rib dip, extra hot."It was OUTSTANDING!!!  Problem solved!!!  I did ask for the GM on my way out... he laughed and said "hey, you sandbagged me!".  I knew if I asked for him up front things would be great and I sure don't wanna have to do that every time, though I sincerely appreciated his concern.I'm back to being a happy customer of my favorite place and will be eating there again next week!!!
1	Awful service. Place was about 10% full. Sat at one table for 15 minutes and no one ever came up to our table. Finally we sat at the bar.  The bar staff really wasn't friendly. They really all seemed pretty zoned outFood was OK at best. Only reason I stayed to eat after getting completely ignored is because I know the reputation that Sam Fox's restaurants are in Arizona. This was a complete disappointmentNeedless to say I will never go back
3	A hip and fun spot for the younger crowd at the Hard Rock Hotel. The patio area is near the pool and is very loud due to the outside music. The food is pretty good but not stellar. Some unique items. Short wine list. Too loud for an intimate dinner, but good for a larger group.
2	Way overpriced for the portion size. $18 for a slice of meatloaf, a small dollop of bland TV dinner mashed potatoes, and a child's handful of green beans. I personally can make better. Also, I somehow got lint all over my clothes while dining here. Possibly from the napkin.
5	I can't say enough about my experience at Culinary Dropout. I am absolutely in love. The ambiance is amazing, I love the decor, the whole vibe. We were seated near the stage and to our surprise a live solo act started a few minutes later. An awesome guy on a guitar, who even took my mom's request. He was awesome.Our server, Ben, was incredible. He was helpful from drinks, to menu, to what to do out on Fremont Street. Lets start with the pretzels and fondue....we started with one order.....and ended with three. INCREDIBLE. You HAVE to try them. I split the Maple Salmon for dinner and a split portion was perfect after enjoying appetizers. The beets on the dish were delish. We ended with the Apple Monkey Bread & the Carmel Popcorn pudding thing. It was AMAZING.If you find yourself out at The Hardrock you HAVE to eat here. Enjoy it. Drinks, Food, Great service..........I want pretzels right nowwwwww!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
5	This place was fantastic.  The weather in March is great, so the outside seating was perfect.  There were still TV's outside so you could watch all the March Madness you wanted to.   However, I will warn you, the patio is next to the pool.  Great scenery but there were a massive group of drunk guys sitting next to us doing typical drunk dude things. Not their fault and they did a great job of policing the behavior when it got out of hand. The server, Ben I believe his name was, was incredibly patient.  He walked us through was great, good, or don't go there items on the menu.  You could tell he really cared about his work and wanted us to have a better than average experience.  He was like this with all his tables, not just us.We started with the artichoke appetizer, amazing!  The candied lemon really brought everything tougher.  We enjoyed a stellar bottle of Cabernet from Napa called Newton; well balanced, not too fruity and it went amazing with the steak I had.  My date had the ribs, delightful.  They were a great balance of salty, sweet and spicy; again going wonderfully with the wine.  For desert we had a cross between bread pudding and apple pie, warm with cinnamon and carmel and a side of vanilla ice cream.  My mouth is watering just typing about it.  In all, this is a great relaxed date spot or a fun place to meet friends and sit in the sun enjoying good food and drinks.  I will definitely be eating here again soon!
2	Delicious.... BUT 45 mins for a cheeseburger is no bueno for a half full restaurant!!Server was super nice and apologetic but almost walked out. One more thing, the band tonight is TERRIBLE! You'd think the standards would be much higher at hard rock!
5	Listen, 5 stars is a lot--I understand--but this place is awesome and it is in a great location at the Hard Rock!AMBIENCE:  5 stars.  Great vibe, cool decor with lots of wood and metal and an awesome chilled seafood station, hip bar, and awesome patio with views of the pool.SERVICE:  5 stars.  Similar to other places that require you to have a certain amount of flair a la' OFFICE SPACE, I think the servers and other workers here are required to have a certain amount of tattoos and piercings!  The service is excellent, the staff knows their menu inside and out.  The bartenders deserve special mention as their craft cocktail menu is really unique and really good!FOOD:  5 stars.  Upscale bar/pub food!  The soft pretzels are homemade and served with a delicious cheese fondue. The fish and chips is AWESOME!  The chilled shrimp, oysters, etc, are great.  I have eaten here probably 5 times over the last two years and I have never been disappointed!ALCOHOL:  5 stars.  Very creative and diverse bar menu.OVERALL:  5 stars!  This place is a lot of fun, with great service and really good food!
5	Delicious food great service! Our server Taylor asked us to write a review and I was happy to oblige. The food was terrific. We had 7 people so we got to try a bunch of things: For appetizers we had the pretzels, and a plate of prosciutto and a plate of one of their cheeses. All were so good we couldn't stop. They were out of the Burrata, which sounded awesome.I had the fried chicken, yum! Mashed potatoes and gravy that came with it were ok but not as good as chicken.Good beers as well. We went back two nights later, and it was good once again.
5	We loved this place!  Everything was better than it needed to be, by a couple of notches!  We had olives, cheese, and serrano ham, along with a salad, and it was all delightful, perfectly tasty. The outdoor seating was perfect.
4	I've been here twice now and both experiences were equally great. The atmosphere is perfect- laid back and trendy with a great view of the pool. The food is unique and delicious while the drinks are original and tasty. Food Review:Crispy Prosciutto Deviled Eggs: Yummy but too salty (due to the prosciutto)Oysters: I love that you can order by the oyster ($3 each)House Potato Chips: Very crispy, served with house made onion dipGorgonzola Chicken Salad: We chose to have ours served on a pretzel roll instead of a salad and it was delicious! Crispy apples and celery cut through the gorgonzola. Meats and Cheeses: We tried a variety and they were very tasty, served with crispy bread. I will definitely be back here.
5	Awesome hangout and delicious food!!Looks can be deceiving, from the Hotel lobby it looks like a little bar, but it has a huge outdoor patio next to the pool, fantastic food, great happy hour and awesome service !! We went there twice in one day it was so good!!I wish they served breakfast, I would eat there 3 times a day. I highly recommend the fresh hot soft pretzels with hot cheese fondue! Great vibe and big comfy chairs, we hung out for a few hours during happy hour and they didn't try to rush us out of there. I can't wait to go back next time I'm in Vegas!
4	Pretzel app is killer and a MUST order. Fun atmosphere. Beer knowledgeable!! The burger is tasty and the chicken curry is different but tasty!!! You cannot go wrong with the food. Fish and chips is not overly doughy and good taste.
3	Items Selected:CoffeeSoft Pretzels and Provolone FondueFried Chicken - Honey Biscuit, Potatoes, GravyBurratta - Pears, Walnuts, Balsamic, Grilled BreadCap'n Crunch Crusted French Toast - Cereal Milk Custard, Fresh RaspberriesBaked to Order Monkey Bread - Cinnamon Apple Brioche, Vanilla Ice CreamSalted Caramel Custard - Caramel CornArriving at The Hard Rock Hotel and Casino in the midst of Rehab with my mother and aunt in tow as Springsteen played overhead one can only call the scene en route to brunch part of the show, a five minute walk from Paradise parking to Fox Concepts' "Culinary Dropout" bespecked with the scantily clad and already drunken while the restaurant itself proved a comparative sea of tranquility matched to good food and unexpectedly stunning service.  Sprawling in size with garage-style doors open to the cool morning breeze of a picturesque patio it was close to the rounded bar with a full view of both stage and kitchen that our trio found itself located mere moments after entry and with coffee kept brimming from seating to finale a six-piece order was crafted, each item arriving individually with smooth pacing and beautiful presentation.  Largely focusing on signatures but equally willing to explore seasonal preps and brunch-only items it was with the restaurant's oft raved pretzel bites that the meal began and with rich fondue gilding golden soft nuggets we all agreed that rare has a pretzel impressed so much, a similar praise heaped on the house burrata with seasonal accoutrements drizzled with aged balsamic.  Moving next to things more substantial it was admittedly with some disappointment that neither the $11 French Toast nor the $21 'worth the wait' fried chicken proved nearly as memorable as their respective milk jam or biscuit plate-mates, but with the former too bready and the later far from crispy there are simply better versions to be found elsewhere, particularly at such a cost.  At this point sated but certainly not full, the kitchen would quickly rally back with a duo of desserts and while the piping hot monkey bread certainly deserves the attention it has garnered it was the caramel-corn studded budino that stole the show for me, a dense pudding both salty and sweet with crunch and cream taken perfectly with another cup of coffee as Chris Cornell crooned overhead.
5	Culinary Dropout has quickly become one of my favorite restaurants in Vegas. The food at the Hard Rock has always been a bit lacking to be honest, with the exception of Nobu. But now with Culinary Dropout, they have one of the best casual dining experiences on the Strip.I'm not exaggerating when I say after 6 visits, I've yet to find a bad thing on the menu. I'll say my favorites are the Shaved Prime Rib Dip, the Fried Chicken and the 36 Hour Pork Ribs. The pretzel fondue is great, but I prefer the mussels, which are the best I've had anywhere. The Monkey Bread makes a great desert, but I'm especially fond of the carmel corn custard. It's really rich, but really, really excellent.The service is fantastic. The staff is friendly and go out of their way to make you feel comfortable. The decor is very cool and casual. It really feels like a place you enjoy hanging out.They have music on Thursdays of Fridays. I haven't experienced it yet, but it looks like it would be a good time. If you're staying at the Hard Rock, this place is a must. If you're not, it's still worth checking out if you can.
3	We ate at Culinary Dropout on Saturday for lunch. We were seated outside at a large comfortable table which was nice. We were told their Pub Burger was the best so all of us ordered that as our dish. The burger was good, not the best I have had. It comes with Havarti cheese, bacon and BBQ sauce. Two of the burgers were not cooked right so we had to send them back to re-cook which was disappointing. The service was great; our waiter was really cool about re-cooking the burgers and was very attentive to our needs. It's a little bit on the pricey side, $15 for a burger is high in my opinion. It's a great place if you are looking for bar food and convenience if you are staying at Hard Rock hotel.
4	Been twice. The first time, it was a 3 star visit. Thanks to my second visit I was impressed and added a star. The food is decent. I wish there was a few more options for breakfast. I came for the Miss Margaret drink since it's fantastic. Server neevr asked how my meal was until we received the check. That's what really lost a star in addition to having the wrong food delivered to out table instead of to the table next to is. I recommend siting at the bar for a bit! The bartenders are fantastic and make you feel welcome.
5	Oh Man!  I love this place!  Came to eat here before the Linkin Park show back in January!  The drinks were pretty tasty and gave me a pretty good buzz!  The food was great - pretzel bits and the Salted Caramel Custard were my faves!  Service was spot-on, even the chef came to deliver our food and chat a bit!Will definitely come back!
5	Culinary Dropout is one of my favorite places to go for happy hour. The Pretzels and Fondue are SO good and the charcuterie plate on the happy hour menu is a great deal. Other than happy hour, the rest of their menu is great too. The Grinder is really yummy, so are the Grilled Cheese Sliders. The best cocktail there is the Smashed Irishman (not on happy hour, but delicious!). Atmosphere is very stylish and the staff is always friendly.
5	Really good food.  It is a fun menu. FeliCa the bartender was awesome. very helpful and friendly.   Beef dip was awesome. So were pretzels.  Almost made up for horrible meal at pink taco the night before.  Hard rock has a winner with this one.  I will go back.
3	Got in late one night so I gave this place a try. Cool place with dining outside right next to one of the pools. I had the chicken club with fries. Nothing special. The fries were great. The bacon was outstanding. ( yes, I love bacon that much, and yes outstanding was the word). Beer was cold, the fireball was not?? She did offer to chill it though. I'll be back. There was a ton of stuff on the menu I want to try.
3	What a bummer.Culinary Dropout was one of the restaurants I was most excited about for our trip to Vegas.  The pictures and reviews made this place sound amazing.  Unfortunately, we had a disappointing visit.  First of all, a large group had reserved space near the patio and the patio itself was full, so we were stuck in the front of the restaurant which feels completely removed from the fun.  Next, our server was a victim of a surprise rush and was completely overwhelmed, causing slow service, mistakes in our orders, and constantly being reminded how "crazy it is in here tonight".The food itself fell short too.  My wife and I ordered salads that didn't actually get served with the ingredients listed on the menu.  Her Caesar salad was supposed to include kale and my salad was supposed to include avocado (neither made it our our dishes).  One of the most anticipated parts of the meal was the pretzel/provolone app - unfortunately, the pretzels were overdone.Big time bummer because I think if outside seating would've been available and the place was properly staffed, we could've overlooked the food shortcomings and had a good time.
4	Came again in may 2014 and had the shrimp Caesar salad and it was amazing!!!! The way the shrimp is fresh and lightly breaded is so good, I ate the entire huge salad, nice light Caesar dressing too. I'll be returning for this specific salad!! =)
3	I was working at the Hard Rock Hotel for five days and ended up eating at almost every establishment there.We had a celebratory cocktail party on the patio. They moved some of the furniture around to give us a private section. The waitresses were busy, but very nice.I tried a few menu items (score out of 5):-Meats (prosciutto, capicola, salumi) 4-Vegetables & Snacks (roasted asparagus, cured olives, roasted beets) 3-Cheeses (I don't know which ones.) 3-Chicken Meatballs 1-Pub Burger 3There were a few others, but I didn't get a chance to try them. Overall, I would say this is the second best restaurant at the Hard Rock Hotel, but that isn't saying very much. I still recommend going to a better place at another hotel if you can.
2	First off- the food was very good. I had the buratta appetizer which was great and a chicken club sandwich that was good. The bad was the rushed service. We were just seated and the waitress came by for drinks order,  We stated we had not had a chance to look at the specialty cocktail list as yet. Came back in 5 minutes and asked again, we still were undecided and she proceeded to tell us what was good- fine, we ordered and said we were looking still for food items- she then gave run down on food items and instead of allowing us time to look and decide asked again for our order. Okay we ordered. Half way through eating she comes back to ask about our dessert order. Uh, yeah we are still working on our dinner- we state we have not looked yet. The restaurant was not full and they were not busy. Comes back again while we are still eating to ask again about dessert, we say no thanks. She the brings the check while we are still eating dinner. WTF. I ask for more water and she asks "Sure, do you want it in a to go cup?" Are you kidding me. I can almost understand if they were packed and people were waiting to get in. Still rude, but this was ridiculous. We would have stayed and had more drinks if the service was good, but and that point we left ASAP.
4	This is a great place to go if you happen to find yourself at the Hard Rock wanting a good meal and decent price. It's my favorite of all the places in the HRV.
5	This place was so good we came here twice in 2 days.Service was great both times and the view they have of the pool is awesome and relaxing.They have tons of beer on tap so you can get a great selection. They also have something called a paper bag special where you get a canned beer in a bag for like $2.50 and you just don't know what it is (unless you take it out of the bag, but that's spoiling it!).The coup de grace here is the pretzels and fondue. It was absolutely amazing and I think I could eat it every day. Perfect bites of pretzels along with blazing hot cheese fondue. There is just nothing wrong to say about it.I also got a burger one of the times we were there. It was okay, altho not spectacular. I honestly barely remember it a few days later. I just keep thinking about those pretzels...
5	I have so many things to say about this place. I walked in and turned to my boyfriend and said, "it's so crazy... There's a place a lot like this in Phoenix. It's called the yard.  They soooo need something like this in LA." Low and behold, they are the same company. With that being said, I lovvvveee the brand. It's so fun and relaxed and the food is really really good. We were just eating light so we waffled between the fried chicken and the 36-hour ribs. I'm so glad we went the ribs direction. They were fall-off-the-bone tender. We also shared oysters, which were fresh and cold and perfect. Really cool place. The server with the Tool tattoo on her arm was fantastic. At ease yet attentive. She was great!! I will definitely be back and I've added it to my places to recommend to visitors.
5	This was my absolute favorite spot in Hard Rock and I would go back just to eat here again.  CD has a great eclectic laid back vibe. The wide open seating area has an open prepartion area at the front, tons of tables inside, a bar towards the patio and a large open patio next to one of the HR pools.  It is very airy and open.  We sat both on the patio and once just inside facing the pool, both was great.  We tried several dishes from the awesome pretzels and provolone fondue, to the prime rib sandwich to the black bottom pie.  It was all out of this world.  Service was attentive.  Atmosphere is laid back and the food is wonderful.  Definitely a  must if looking for a place to eat in the Hard Rock.
1	Complete disappointment. Went here with my girlfriend and her cousin, we waited for our food for over an hour and a half. Drinks took just as long.I asked for an expensive 30$ steak medium rare and it came out an hour and a half later completely well done and not even edible with just fries. Smallest steak i have ever seen and I cannot believe they completely destroyed the food! I was so disappointed that I sent it back and this was the first time that I have ever EVER done this in my life. I didn't want them to re-cook the steak because I didn't want to go through the experience all over again and instead asked for the check. We also found a huge hair in my girlfriend's grilled cheese....I'm surprised this place has four stars. They did nothing to comfort us and I said I was all set because I didn't want to wait another hour and a half, when other customers were served before us on a quiet monday night!This place is a joke. STAY AWAY! I'm not a picky eater and go to cheap chinese food bars across the united states, but this place is completely terrible and I literally couldn't eat here. After closing out our huge check when i didn't even eat dinner, I went directly across the hard rock to the next restaurant! I was recommended to this place from a work colleague when we went to the Labman conference at HardRock. I will not be returning.
5	This place is my favorite restaurant inside the Hard Rock Hotel! The menu is very fun, my favorite is the pretzels and fondue! The food comes out very fast and if you go during happy hour the prices are great!
4	Great little spot at the Hard Rock. Food and drinks did take a while, but honestly I didn't mind too much because of all the viewing scenery sitting on the patio outside. It overlooks the Rehab pool during the day.
1	We wait for one hour or more. They bring the food, was cold and nothing really good, expensive for the kind of food they have. Awful very disappointed, we came here for the good reviews but was not true.
3	The name itself sounds rebellious, so I had huge expectations of rowdiness when I came here but was pleasantly surprised at how classy and friendly the staff was.  Culinary Dropout was our first stop in Vegas when we arrived.  We were hungry, thirsty and needed to start partying after our flight from Orange County. We arrived in Las Vegas at 9 PM, so we were lucky enough to miss the dinner crowd, but I had reservations regardless (which I booked through Opentable.com).The restaurant wasn't very crowded, but the people who were there seemed to be enjoying their time drinking and laughing.  Our server was very sweet, accomodating and was on top of our orders.  I wish I could remember her name, I'd like to say thank you for getting our weekend off to a great start with her great service.The ambiance is super laid back, casual and teetering on the hipster side.  I can see it working for a party with friends, or a romantic date.  We decided to order apps instead of meals so we have a little more room for alcohol (ha!).  We ordered the artichoke hearts, pretzel fondue (that everyone on Yelp is raving about), and a charcuterie of Iberico ham and manchego cheese.Artichoke hearts:  tender, with a slightly smoke flavor.  It had this cheesy cream that went well with it, topped with baby spinach.  They also drizzled it with an orange marmalade which I personally didn't care for.  I like orange marmalade on toast, but not on my artichoke hearts.  Pretzel fondue:  Everyone was raving about this here on Yelp.  I found it too salty for my liking.  There was almost too much salt on the pretzels and the fondue (served in a cute little pot and tealight warmer) had a slightly gritty texture, and that was salty too, reminded me of Cheez Whiz out of a jar.  Maybe they made it salty on purpose because we were pounding beer after beer to wash it down.Now for the BEST part of our meal, the Iberico ham: O.M.EFFING.G. Talk about melt in your mouth awesome goodness.  It was like butter, no gaminess, with a slightly sweet note in the back.  It went well with the slightly salty bitterness of the manchego cheese.  They served it with a cherry compote on the side and two pieces of crostini bread and made a fancy little ham and cheese sandwich.  Mind you, they gave us maybe half a cup of thin ham shavings at MP $19.Bottom line, would I come back here?  Probably not.With all the various and unique dining experiences Vegas has to offer, I don't think Culinary Dropout is memorable enough for me to take time out of my precious vacation to venture back here.  At least I can say that I gave it a shot, and that I actually finally got to taste Iberico ham.
4	Had lunch with a coupla friends on Tue/3 Jun just as it opened about 11 am:- Hostess sat us by the pool, which was nice.- We shared the $12 pretzel + cheese fondue app, pretty good and just the right amount for 3 people.- For $27 I had the 36-hour pork ribs, also pretty good.- The waiter (Asian dude, wish I remembered his name) was great and attentive.
1	Kitchen Dropout.  Service Dropout.  Bartender Dropout.  Absolutely no one graduated from this White Trash University.A group of about 15 of us came here for a business lunch, which brings up an important point here: This is not a business appropriate place.  Extremely loud music, and a meal takes about two (2) hours to complete.Three of us left without ever receiving our meals.  Or an explanation.  There was no manager on duty, and just a couple potentially intoxicated servers and busboys left to look dumbfounded as we asked for water.The whole experience was like an episode of Jerry Springer unfolding before my eyes, but with inedible cheese fondue and spoiled artichokes.  Make no mistake, this is overpriced pool food, except it's wretched.  It just reeks of desperation.  There's not much left to say.
5	Great food! Try the chicken meatballs. They were delicious. I don't like raw fish... But they are really kind about cooking the shrimp and crab legs in garlic butter so I suggest it to anyone who loves seafood.
3	I went here twice while I was in Vegas. I had lunch here after checking into my room and loved what I had. Then I had breakfast here before checking out and I had to send my cold food back. I ordered the biscuits and gravy . I've had better. Lunch was great but breakfast wasn't anything to go back for. The place is really laid back and has a great view of the pool.
3	I loved the ambiance of this place! We sat inside, however, they do have a nice patio.  They had a band playing that night, and they were really good. Our table was near the stage so it was a little hard to talk over the music. The food was delicious. We had the meatloaf. The only thing I can complain about was the service.  Our server was very slow and whenever we needed something, we couldn't find her.
4	So glad for this addition to the Hard Rock.  Pretzel Fondue is fab!  Prices are great...good service.  The decor is very rocker chic and the atmosphere enjoyable!  Wonderful menu selections and a great patio experience as well!
4	This is probably one of the best places to eat inside the Hard Rock Casino. The pretzel bites with the cheese fondue are delicious and a must have. They have a decent happy hour with $6 appetizers and $3 beers. Regular prices are average strip prices, with specialty cocktails running around $12. They have a very unique cocktail menu and the ones I've tried are really good. You should eat here if you are staying at the Hard Rock.
4	Came here for lunch with a group of co-workers (about 15 of us). Server was on point with bringing around a bunch of soft drinks before we even ordered them (iced tea, waters, pop & even ginger ale). Gave us a few recommendations of appetizers and main entrees and a bunch of is each had them and shared amongst the group. Best appetizer was the pretzel and cheese fondue (my mouths watering as I type this) and the potato chips with onion dip (oh gosh). Must have the honey battered fried chicken, ma...meat loaf, turkey pastrami and shaved prime rib dip. So that's the food review. Will definitely be coming back to try more of the items on the menu.I would have given a 5 star if we hadn't have to wait so long to get our check.
4	Great food with okay service The drink menu has great drinks and is very creative. Worth it. The service is okay at best.
5	Culinary Dropout is the BEST restaurant at the Hard Rock. They have a fun staff. We loved our server Benny and the others that took care of us. Their happy hour is really good, they make amazing drinks - Bourbon Mules, a Dark and Stormy, or if you fancy tequila they have a great selection of spirits. And all their juices are freshly muddled. Their food is awesome too. For snacks, they make their own potato chips with an onion dip but my favorite thing on their menu are the hot pretzel bites served with a fondue dipping sauce. RIDICULOUS!!!! I ate those 2 nights in a row and could polish off an order all by myself. For happy hour they are half price too!!!  They also have a kick ass kale and corn salad and to-die-for SWEET POTATO CANNELLONI. The pasta is so thin so you can taste the filling which is a beautiful mixture of smoked shallots, mushrooms, snap peas, and parmesan. LOVE this place and wish there was one in LA!!!
2	I had high hopes for this place and that was probably the wrong thing to do. Being a trendy joint, I thought it would be awesome to try this place out. I should have known something was up because Mr Lucky's next door had a longer line then this place. I ordered the Bistro steak medium but it came out well done and my steak was luke warm along with my fries. The food also took FOREVER to come out. From the looks of it I think the reason it took a long time for my dish was because it was just sitting around getting cold. From the time we sat down to finally paying our bill, it took almost two hours. I also ordered the bacon Bloody Mary which was a little spicy for my taste, and that drink finally arrived to me about 20 mins later. 1 star for the friendly staff1 star for the turkey pastrami hubby ordered who said it was yummy. -1 for the extremely long wait for our food and drink-2 for the food
3	The food was fantastic- the customet service was awful. The waitress blatantly ignored us while we tried to get her attention, then she went off to dance and laugh  and he bffs with the hostess while completely neglecting her job. It also took forever to get our meal.Definately get the pretzles and the burger though!
3	My bf liked the pork ribs, I thought the Jambalaya was bland. The monkey bread was just okay as well. I hate saying this because everyone was so nice. The customer service was excellent.I don't think the White people in the kitchen know what soul food is supposed to taste like. Monkey bread tastes like apple pie. Bland Bland Bland. Too expensive. Should have gone to Pink Taco. IMHO.
3	I really really wanted to love this place (more than just the average 3 stars). Awesome decor/ambiance, plenty of room for large parties, live music, and Ben (our server) was super nice. We were starving and got 2 appetizers that came out very quickly. The Pretzel bites were yummy, but the portion was way too large for 2 people. It's too bad they don't have 2 sizes & prices to choose from. Their profit margin on this item is crazy. Anyway, the Deviled eggs were the highlight of the whole meal since it was made with truffle oil. If you add that to anything, I guess it would be delicious in my opinion. ;)Anyway, we decided to try the Ribs as an entree since the description was so enticing as well as Ben recommended it. Being from the South, we definitely had very high expectations. Unfortunately, instead of being marinated for 36 hours in a great sauce, it tasted like a it was locked in the Salt Mines for days. I had 1 rib and couldn't eat anymore cause it required a glass of water to cure my thirst after that bite. It was really disappointing. I would have thought that they would have taken it off the bill and the manager came by, but was so awkward and didn't even acknowledge anything. The dinner started off so good and ended so strangely. It is a "hip/trendy" place and maybe we'll come back, but it could just be for drinks/patio in the future. Let's see. Hopefully, it gets better as the comments come rolling in.
5	I ate here on a Saturday afternoon. The atmosphere was awesome and our server was amazing. I ate the burger and it was solid, actually one of the best burgers I have had in a long time. My buddy had the chicken sandwich, he said it was awesome! Overall I would highly recommend this spot to anyone. The outside decor was really cool. My only complaint is that the music from the pool/rehab was really loud. Overall not a big deal!
3	I met a group of friends here before the Chevelle concert for dinner. Its a pretty good size dining area with a bar and there's an outside patio decorated nicely. There was live music which is a nice touch and she was unique to say the least. The waitress was really nice, on point and was always around. The only con about the employees is you'll have no idea who they are since they are all dressed in street clothes. Someone  ordered the pretzel bites with fondue and everyone enjoyed them. I ordered the grilled cheese sliders (made with American cheese) and they were good if you're under 12 lol. Not what I expected for $12 but maybe I had my expectations set too high for this place. A couple of friends ordered the chicken club and it was huge, they liked it. I'll probably try this place again and order something different :)
4	My husband & I came here on our trip, the pretzel fondue was delicious.  The jambalaya we ordered was fantastic.  I really like their cheap salad with the tomato vinegrette, although it was extremely small. We also had the Bourbon Pie it was yummy but make sure you scoop all the way down to get yummy goodness of rich chocolate.
3	Ambiance food Service Price Great ambiance with a wonderful patio seating. The food was good. Service was okay. Been here 4x and the server somehow always forgets something everyone I have been there. Food was a little pricey considering the ingredients is not necessarily healthy.
2	1 Star for decor1 Star for the small bites crispy bread and good oil (seriously- so good, I wished the rest of the food was this good. I wouldve have been happy if this was an entire meal).now thats thats out of the way, here's my not so great experience...Went to Hard Rock to see Andrew Dice Clay. My BF and I were debating on either Culinary Dropout or 35 Steaks & Martini's. We decided that Culinary Dropout seemed like a really cool concept, so we picked this place.We arrived, ordered drinks and a salad. We wanted an appitizer so I go to order the grilled asparagus. Our waitress said it wasnt available ok, ordered the artichoke hearts, not available. Ok fine, ordered the crusty bread (see above). Then we waited and waited to order our food, I kinda had my heart set on Fish and Chips and again, it was not available. That is a really bad sign, we should've saw the red flags when we ordered the apetizer and collected our check to go elsewhere, but we were pressed for time so we decided just to get what was available.My BF ordered the meatloaf and I ordered the bistro steak. We waited over 30 mins for our food to come out. Our waitress, even knew that we were there a while because she kept checking on us.We get our food- my steak and fries were aveage at best. Nothing special. I could've had the same steak at Norms diner (No joke). I really felt bad for my BF because his food was even worse than mine. My BF's food- The meatloaf, seriously tasted like it was from a cafeteria with a squirt of ketchup on the top. Not a special custom/mixed ketchup, it was straight out of the bottle (my mom makes a better meatloaf). ......and the mashed potatoes... were not edible. They were cold and bland. My bf took one bite and said they werent good. I tried them to see if he was being dramatic, and he wasn't. It was all very disappointing and I expected something much better- AT least the name is fitting to the food- Culinary Dropout. No kidding! I wished we had a better dinner experience on our last night in vegas. Oh well :(
5	Staying at the hard rock hotel, went to go get some lunch before lounging by the pool. First stop, pink taco. Pink taco managed to, within 3 minutes, make us feel so uncomfortable we left. Luckily, we went next door to the culinary dropout. Where we sat at the bar and was greeted by a very nice bartender Felicia. We got the baked pretzels with melted provolone cheese-amazing. Then we kept it light with their "cheap house salad"-the ranch dressing was outstanding. Felicia and Matt were absolutely amazing, you can tell they both enjoy their jobs. You just don't really see that with bartenders/servers working on the strip. Needless to say, we said BYE FELICIA TO PINK TACO. ....AND HELLO FELICIA at CULINARY DROP OUT.
4	Culinary Dropout is the new place to be! The food is amazing, the staff are very knowledgeable and friendly and the place looks amazing... I'm telling you i had the Bistro Steak it was perfect and my fiance had the Teriyaki Kobe meat and it delicious.We would definitively  would like to go back at the place and try some other delicious meal. THANK YOU SO MUCH FOR THE GREAT SERVICE AND GREAT FOOD.LOYAL LOCAL CUSTOMER:JOANNE AND GLEN
3	service is very mediocre and food is decent....last visit i had one of the saltiest french dip of my life.....
5	Loved the pretzels and cheese dip.  Our waitress Felicia was charming and lovely.  Had a quick lunch after being at the pool all morning and it was perfect.  Two thumbs up.
5	Me and my gfs came here 3 times. Service was great, friendly, and quick. Food was amazing. Loved everything about this place.(we had the soft pretzels, 2 eggs any way, grilled cheese, breakfast sandwich, and chicken sandwich - all great!)
4	I had the burger from here and I must say it was one of the best gourmet burgers i've ever had. Good flavor. Had a good crust on it, but not burnt. I also had the biscuits and gravy a couple of days later for lunch. Everything I ate was awesome. Very reasonable prices to. Staff friendly as ever.
3	I would say this place is solid but not outstanding. We made a reservation however when we arrived (about 1pm on a Friday) this place was empty. We were seated promptly and were quickly greeted by our server. We started off with the pretzel and cheese fondue (thanks yelpers!) which was the best part of the meal. I had fish and chips - they were soggy but had a decent taste. My husband had a club sandwich which was meaty, a large potion but just average in taste. Our server was pretty good just a tad slow at times. The vibe there was geared towards 20 something's which left us feeling a bit out of place. I felt I was too clean cut and clean to be here!!We would probably not come out of our way to eat here again. Any of this food I could easily find on the strip. Then again, that pretzel shiz was pretty darn good!
5	I wish I didn't hate the Hard Rock so much because I love Culinary Dropout.  LOVE IT.  They have a TURKEY PASTRAMI SANDWICH.  Yes folks, you read that right - a turkey pastrami sandwich and it's to die for.  You know how all the buzz in the sandwich world right now is the pretzel bun?  And it seems like an awesome concept until you find yourself gnawing on a dry, dense piece of dull bread with a shiny pretzel finish?  Well, Culinary Dropout actually succeeds with the pretzel bun.  I love that bun so much I just might marry it.  I'm sick of being single anyway.  There's also a lovely slaw that drips from the sandwich that I found so tasty, I began scooping up the drippings with my fries.  I also tried their roasted beets (SO GOOD) and their deviled eggs.  Culinary Dropout has managed the impossible - they've made deviled eggs sexy.  Their only downfall is their location - ugh, the Hard Rock.  So many drunk twentysomethings in bedazzled t-shirts!  I will look past them though, for another chance to eat that sandwich though.  Those are powerful words, my friends.  Powerful words indeed.  Almost as powerful as "pretzel bun" ammIright?
5	Culinary Dropout is the perfect gastropub feel without having to leave the strip. An eclectic menu for all tastes and a killer drink menu. The Sunday brunch is the mecca of all their offerings but with its location by hard rock pool you can enjoy the relaxing atmosphere any day you choose.
4	First of all, happy hour that you can get in the dining room.  Second, they have an $8 ($6 during happy hour) mystery drink special of a beer and a shot.  They bring you random stuff, and I am surely about that.  The place is decorated very well and I appreciated the atmosphere,  even down to the tables and chairs.  The food was AWESOME!  We had the pretzel bread and cheese for an appetizer and it was totally incredible, then we had meatloaf sandwiches which were equally as impressive.   We concluded the meal with house made carmel corn that was as fresh as it was tasty.  Absolutely worth the stop.
5	Wonderful food and wonderful service! We went on a Thursday afternoon for happy hour and it exceeded our expectations.We had the pretzel balls with fondue (a must have), mini grilled cheese (these were just ok. Once dipped in the fondue, it changed everything!) and the pastrami on a soft pretzel bun. The sandwich was good, but for some reason it seemed like it was turkey pastrami. I may have read the menu wrong, but I was expecting real pastrami. Either way, it was wonderful and I'm ready to go back!
2	I'll just confirm for everyone that it's called Culinary Dropout because the food isn't very good, not because it is inventive in any way. I think when they were hiring they also found a Music School dropout because the "live entertainment" was the worst I have ever seen; I'm actually pretty sure the girl was lip syncing. I did have a good time and the food was okay however, this was nothing I'd ever want to experience again, especially for the prices they charge. $22 for average fried chicken, one biscuit, and freezing cold mashed potatoes? I could do better at Church's Chicken.My wife had the trout, she said it was good but also agreed it wasn't worth the price and the wait. We were in the restaurant for about an hour and a half and it was just two of us, no drinks and no apps and all while having to endure the horrible singing.
4	Ate here approx 12:30 pm on Sat/23 Sep with 3 other friends:- http://bit.ly/VNbbh6     $20.14 three-course lunch via Fall(?) Restaurant Week Fri/22 - Thu/28 Aug 2014. Culinary Dropout contributes $4 to a local charity.  - I had: 1) Yesterday's Soup - seems similar to minestrone and I liked it since it was light. 2) Pub Burger - awesome. 3) Salted Caramel Custard - I'm not in to desert so I didn't care for the sweetness.- 2 of my friends enjoyed their meals (the also opted for the $20.14 special).  The 3rd friend only ordered a chicken salad and though he enjoyed it, he said the price/portion size was more akin to a side salad than a large salad entree.
4	They have a good looking and friedly staff. I tried the jambalaya and chopped salad both were well executed. I could have went for a more spicy jambalaya but  it was spot on. Good job!
5	Frankly, one of the best Manhattan's I've had anywhere (and I'm from Chicago) -- great vermouth and great cherries.  Food is good too, and bartenders and good.
5	A friend and I started with the Burrata... Really great char on soft crusty bread with chimicurri, creamy Burrata cheese and tomatoes. Yummy. Next we split the kale and corn salad before splitting the fried chicken. The food was all yummy. Splitting the salad and entree was super smart. The portions are large. The waitress grabbed a seat with us to chat, checked in on us enough to be cared for and the perfect amount of leaving us to our  ourselves so we could talk. Loved it and will be back soon.
4	Very good food! Upscale, american style. Live entertainment was really good too.
5	ok, I seriously hate sharing really good secrets for fear that they will switch it up and do away with my secret place, however we have been going here about once a week for the past two months. They have happy hour m-f 3-6 and while yes, the signature pretzel rolls are amazing, they give you a lot...why is this a problem...because the rest of the food is just that good too.My husband always insists on having the meatloaf sandwich, so we forgo the pretzels most of the time now.  I always have to get the antipasta plate.  Usually pretty consistently the same, but they switch the cheeses out or the nuts out for a different flavor.  This is my favorite meal anyway, so very happy to get it for such a great deal.And you'd think that since we go in for the cheap happy hour deals that the staff would be snooty...never once.Oh and I forgot the fries...so good.  Actually much of their menu looks worth trying, but this stuff is so good that we don't want to try anything else.So I am sharing my secret because they are usually a little slow...yes, we are there at their slow time, so I hope that they get enough party business to stay open....they are really good and really the menu prices are pretty decent for the location.  So now that I wrote a review about your awesome happy hour, please do not change it :)
5	After walking around the Hard Rock for a while, my friend and I decided to grab a bite to eat here.  The atmosphere and decor is really cool, and we were lucky to sit down at a time when it wasn't busy.  We ordered off of the Happy Hour Menu, and had a lot of trouble deciding what to order since everything sounded so good.  We wanted to try a few different things to split, and started off with the Hand Cut French Fries, which were good and plentiful enough for us to share.  We also had the Smoked Salmon Bruchetta.  The bread it came with was super hard and I wasn't crazy about the salmon served with it, so I probably wouldn't order it again.  Finally, we shared the Meatloaf Sandwich, which was amazing, flavorful, and perfect for splitting.  Our waiter was extremely congenial and friendly, and even brought out a complimentary dessert, the Bourbon Black Bottom Pie.  That and the Meatloaf Sandwich are worth coming back for!
1	Came for brunch around 12:45pm. Wasn't busy at all.  Waiter was nice however they too a very long time to refill "Bottomless" mimosas, food was ok,  service is not great don't think I'd come back,   Check out DW Bistro, a bit far but food and service makes it worth it!!!!
5	Ok I will admit it.. dining at the Hard Rock (well, except Nobu) isnt that fantastic. It just doesnt compare to many of the other hotels. I randomly walked into Culinary Dropout looking for some place to have a drink and grab a quick bite. Man! I am so glad I did!First off the atmosphere is really laid back but still very trendy. I liked that. They had sports on everywhere, friendly staff, and the patrons all seemed to be having a good time. I sat at the bar and looked through thier drink menu.. lots of impressive craft cocktails. I had the spicy tequila one (I forget the name) and it was the best drink I had in Vegas! The bartenders were so nice and super helpful. I had the buffalo chicken meatballs (they were sooo yummy) and the brussel sprout small plate- also yummy. This place is seriously a find! I will be back for sure.
2	Service was pretty good and the meal was comped based on my play (read: losing) which keeps this from being 1-star. My friend and I shared the ribs ($27) and the fried chicken ($22) and both were honestly, terrible, especially given the price. The ribs were dry, tough, and for some reason very salty (the rub) while the chicken was very dry and lukewarm. My friend is a big guy and didn't finish his meal and honestly went to Capriotti's for a sandwich afterwards. I tried this place a few years ago when it first opened and did not have a good experience but gave it the benefit of the doubt because it was new but it doesn't seem like things have changed too much which is unfortunate given the name of the restaurant.
1	I revisited the restaurant a year later and had my favorite dish the seared tuna salad. It was wilted, missing cashews and dressing was very bland. After being cured for a month of my gastritis I am highly sensitive to flavor since I have been eating a bland diet. So for me to say its bland, that's wildly bland. I think the proper protocol when a customer returns a dish is to be compassionate, apologetic then offer them something off the menu immediately. Like "my sincerest apologies about the salad, let me offer you a different salad or a sanwhich" suggest suggest suggest, don't ask me what i would like without a menu, .....just some people make an uncomfortable situation more uncomfortable. Ehhh
5	What can I say...excellent is excellent.   Food is outstanding and service...OMG...best service ever.   We were a wedding parry of ten and our server was attentive and outstanding in every sense of the word.  Thank you!!!
4	This place is located on the back of the Hard Rock Cafe Hotel. It's a bar/ place to get some drinks and food. It's a little pricey but the food is pretty good. When you are in here you can also look out onto the area where the Rehab parties are on Sunday nights
5	I'm just going describe the cocktails/food because the Hard Rock has stepped it up big time- to start - craft cocktails: outstanding mule with hard core ginger beer, then I tried the Smashed Irish man which was Jameson and reduced Guinness and it's yummy! I could drink this out of a camelback on a hike! Next, and this is over the course of my week here, I had the grapefruit vodka, fresh squeezed!  Amazing with salty rim. Okay now food here is amazing. Real food! Simple yet delectable spices. I had the "cheap salad" with homemade buttermilk ranch, it was refreshing and the dressing was so good I ordered mas. I got the Brussels sprouts- they were served cold and I requested hot. They came out lukewarm but flavor was like grilled heaven. Next day I got the antipasto on happy hour. Best six bucks I've ever spent. The BBQ nuts were more addictive than the slots. The mini platter also came with manchego cheese, olives, shaved ham, and more Brussels sprouts!  Okay, now for the service... Every single person I've encountered at Culinary Dropout had been awsome! They treat customers like friends and seem genuinely happy. I've got a new favorite in Vegas.
4	The pretzels are awesome..... I went with a group of girls our service was great she was able to split our checks for us even though she didn't seem very excited about it. Service was great,  drinks were great and most of the food was great 1 girl complained about the kale salad she said it wasn't her favorite but it was ok. No other complaints
5	What a great place to hang out and eat !  Loved the ambiance and the food was fantastic.  Went here for dinner prior to going to a concert.  Came back after the concert was over and hung out on the patio. I will definitely come back here !
4	Went for breakfast but was able to have anything on the menu at 10am!  Best atmosphere this time of year being able to sit outside...large glass panels open so everyone feels like they are outside. Captain crunch crusted french toast...mmmm.  pretzels with fondue- to die for!  Service was bit spotty---waiting for coffee, waitress seemed to disappear and it was not busy....maybe 4 tables?  That's why only 4 stars.
5	This restaurant is the best part of this hotel. Great burgers and sandwiches in an awesome setting. Cool decor and very comfortable. Nice happy hour options. Loved the turkey pastrami. The hotel is lousy but this restaurant is great!
1	Had a party of 3 and they wouldn't seat us outside because the tables were for 2 or 6 people. A few minutes later a white group of 3 came with no reservation and got seated. When I asked the hostess she basically shrugged her head and kept walking.
4	Big big party (like thirty) and they were able to accomodate for lunch. Tried the house chips and (Buffalo) meatballs to start. For my main I went with the Turkey Pastrami: pretzel roll, slices of peppery turkey pastrami, lightly-dressed coleslaw, side of fries. Delicious, so much so that the guy sitting across from me had trouble getting my attention away from eating my sandwich. Small talk? Don't bother me, I'm hungry. It was pretty heavy and I did take half of the meal with me. Cool place, the patio seating looked nice too. Also, is it me, or is having visible tattoos part of the requirement of being a server there?
4	Great service, great food. You have to try the  home made chips and onion dip. The beef dip was huge and the ramen soup, delicious.
5	The Bacon Bloody Mary was amazing!  So was the Cap'n Crunch crusted French toast and the atmosphere... relaxing on the patio by the pool while sipping our drinks and eating breakfast.  Really looking forward to my next visit to Culinary Dropout!
5	Food and drinks were delicious.   Cool hanging outside.  Great atmosphere. The mussels are a must have.
3	So, I've been to a couple events where culinary had a booth and I really liked their pretzels and provolone fondue. So I bookmarked and made my way over. Me and some friend decided to go for dinner and grab some drinks and food. We of coursed started with the pretzels and fondue and some drinks. We each ordered our own drinks and passed around. We order the Moscato, Room Service, and After School Special to start. I was the lucky one to order the Room Service. It has gin, strawberry simple, lemon, and sparkling wine in it and I usually have other liquors, but it was served up and it was delicious. We then ordered our food. I ordered the fried chicken, which came with a biscuit, mashed potatoes, and slaw. It came with 3 pieces which was more than enough but it just wasn't very seasoned. It was just okay. Allyface ordered steak which I thought was a little cold and Niy Niy ordered the shrimp and pork belly ramen. I think his was the best bowl at the table. We also ordered another round of drinks. Next order was another after school special, between you and me, and pinot grigio. I wasn't too thrilled with the between you and me. The belvedere and grapefruit just didn't do it for me. As far as service they were great. We came in and were brought out water before we even started ordering. Our waiter was helpful with the selections as far as drinks and choosing between some menu items. I just wasn't impressed. I mean it was good but it wasn't worth the $150. I still want to go back and try the captain crunch french toast, that may win me over... we shall see.
5	Enjoyed the entire experience! Had an amazing server in Felicia (spelling wrong) and also had Great interaction with Alyssa! Food was very creative & great flavors. I have Celiacs and have to eat gluten free, & server was aware if any modifications I needed to make. Two thumbs up!
5	This has become a regular spot of mine for the past year and for multiple reasons. The atmosphere is unique with a touch of hipster mixed with a touch of rock n roll. The servers do not have uniforms which helps to give that impression of a casual setting. There is an inside and an outside seating area and a full bar with super strong drinks and an honest selection of beers. All of that is great but isn't the real reason the place marks my top 10 list in Vegas, it's the food. If you go here for no other reason than to eat pretzels, you will still leave satisfied. The pretzels are bite-sized pieces (although tough to get in one bite) with an amazing provolone cheese fondue.  I have tried most dishes on the menu and none of them disappoint. This is also a great first date place where you can get a meat/cheese plate with a glass of wine and not have to worry about what side of the plate to sit your fork. Excellent.
3	Been here about 3 times (comps) and every time I come here food  comes out cold. One time even, I had a date send back her steak because it was under cooked  and it still came out cold. Lol Cool concept but they seem to be lacking with their attention to details.
5	Top 5 restaurants in Vegas. When you come here, be sure to get:- Soft Pretzels & provolone- Oysters! (always so fresh & delicious - Burratta- House Potato Chips- Brussels Sprouts (antipasti menu) - seared tuna salad- rainbow trout- I'm sure there are a ton of other delicious items but I may be biased because I am pescetarian ;) Service is always excellent, drinks are delicious, food is delicious, outdoor patio is fun, atmosphere and decor are lovely!
3	Another overrated and overpriced casino restaurant. Had yesterday's soup, which was watery and not really seasoned. Just tasted like a bad soup made the day before. Prosciutto deviled eggs were not seasoned with anything besides, what looked like bacon bits. Italian Antipasto salad was pretty good and a nice size portion. Good service, but music is way too loud and it was so dark I could barely see my menu. Overall not terrible, but not a place I would think about coming back to.
4	Very good friendly service, nice atmosphere.  Not too noisy.  The Ribs and the Pretzels with cheese sauce were excellent.  Beer in a Bag was fun too
5	The food here is amazing! While most people wouldn't complain. .. the portions are just too big!! The waitress suggested the soft pretzels with the cheese sauce. Delicious!  But it was enough to feed a small football team!! (There were 2 of us). Then our meals came out...I had the black mussels.  They were so delicious but omg there was SO much of it!! A huge dish...easily enough for 3 people!  My husband had to finish mine because mussels don't 'keep' as well as his sandwich would. It's a bit of a waste but still really good!
4	Great restaurant, and perhaps one of the only reasons to ever visit the Hard Rock Hotel for my family / friends / co-workers.  The charcuterie seafood and salads are amazing, it would be great if they could add 1-2 more entrees to the mix.  But the fried chicken is probably my favorite in Las Vegas (maybe Lagasse Stadium is tied).  Great place.
4	The taste! The taste is simply sublime! It is incredible how innovative they are with the art of culinary. They take dinning to a whole new level. I appreciate the fact that they put them main focus on food rather than fancy decorations and other visual effects to increase your appetite and other superficial technics to make a good first impression on you. When the food is placed on your table, the smell, the taste and the presentation of the food itself will simply blow your mind. Thank you for the unforgettable experience.
3	I only give three stars because this place wasn't spectacular but It didn't suck. We got there for our 8:30 resevation and ordered the Pratzels and Cheese dip which I think was my favorite part of the meal. The drink I got was good and came with and extra tequila shot on the side. The Fried Chicken was moist but I Didn't care much for the honey drizzle and my mashed potatoes and biscuit were cold. They did give me a free birthday dessert which was really good a rich. I would have to agree with other yelpers though that this restaurant is overpriced and overrated.
5	Comfort food at its finest !! we had a large party, 15 or so, so we had a nice variety of meals, everyone was incredibly happy with their food. It was so good we went 3 times in the 10 days were in vegas.the Pretzels ARE A MUST !!
