5	Love this store! Better than forever 21 and sooo affordable.
3	This place is like a cross between Forever 21 and Hotties... The store is huge and close to the house so I find myself coming here whenever I procrastinate and need an outfit for something.. They always have the most "in trend" items but the material they use is very cheap. When I buy something from here I don't expect to be able to wear it more than a few times but oh well the prices are so cheap so you can't really complain~!!!! The store is clean, the dressing rooms are big and the clothes are organized well according to color~ I have really bad luck with the employees here.. some of them are SO RUDE especially the ones who are working at the registers and especially the guy who seems to be the manager or owner. ughhhhh oh well I will still continue to come here for the cute clothes and cheap prices. Hopefully they work on their customer service skills. HOT TIP: All sales are final on most all items that are not casual wear.
4	I am so happy to have this store so close to where I live. It is great for when you are shopping for trendy clothing. It has extremely low prices that make it perfect for when you want to purchase something that you may only where a few times. I would never buy jeans or lounge clothing here due to the poor quality but everything else it great imo. I do a good deal of modeling and I also style for photoshoots I find that this store is perfect for the types of shoots that I work with.
3	I like this store and I'm glad that they have one near my area now! It's kind of like Forever 21 but cuter and cheaper! The only thing that I don't care for is the service and they have a lot of clubbing kind of clothes.
4	So, my husband did the granite or something for this store & told me about it before I even saw it for myself. When he told me, I was admittedly pretty excited since it's 1 minute away from my house and it's always a decent place for cheap, low quality, one or two time wear clothing. Seriously, this stuff will fall apart before you can figure out how to say Rhapsodielle, but as a stay at home mom with kids, I don't care. I can pick up a brand new pair of sandals (which I always get compliments on, for every pair I've bought) for $15 if the other ones fall apart. That's some people's lunch & even though their shoes are total garbage, they last longer than lunch at least! I've bought 4 pairs of shoes here. 2 of them have fallen apart within weeks of wear, but it's really nothing that super glue can't handle. The clothes I tend to buy here are flowy little sheer tops that need to be washed in garment bags, but that's not a big deal. They have lasted the test of time (it's been a couple of months now. Holding up much better than the shoes at least!). I would NOT buy work clothes or anything important here. Just fun, trendy stuff that will fall apart when the trend dies. This Rhapsodielle, in contrast to the rainbow location has dressing rooms! Really nice dressing rooms actually, so you don't have to worry about being surrounded by gross naked girls that don't wear bras (or undies). They have a terrible return policy (actually non-existent one), but one that is necessary as tons of people would probably wear their "club" dress once (with tag) and then return, but it is only exchange with tags on and store receipt. Last time I was here, some guy parked his motorcycle outside and the security guy asked him to move it. He told the security to kiss his behind and then they almost got into a fight. It made me rethink where I walked in to and whether this store was worth it if he busted out a gun and started killing everyone (absolutely not), but he didn't, so life is good. Seriously, some people who come here are scary. There were tons of overweight ladies that were wearing belly shirts!! If you're into that, come here for some eye candy. However, on my last trip, I picked up sandals, a pair of wedges, two shirts, and a skirt here for $72. You can't really beat that price anywhere else, so until something really scary happens at Rhapsodielle, I will be back.
4	They have cute inexpensive clothing. What's not to like?!
4	Not expensive at all. Cute clothes and huge selection. Nice and big dressing rooms. Just make sure you have time to shop because you might be in the store for awhile.
5	I'm a big fan of Rhapsodielle. Even when I was living in So Cali, Rhapsodielle is usually one of my stores I visit whenever I need a new outfit for work, casual, or clubbing attire.The locations here in Vegas are just as good. This location in particular is my favorite besides the one in Centennial. This store is HUGEEEE!!!!! Everything is separated in colors and the accessories are up front by the cash registers. I would say give yourself about 2 hours for this store. You don't want to rush through it because you may miss some good finds. Everytime I visit any Rhapsodielle stores, I'm bound to find multiple items. I love this store!! I needed some winter coats since it's been FREEZING in Vegas for the past few weeks and I was able to find a nice, heavy taupe colored coat for only $17!!!!! Such a great price!!! Also got some black and gray blazers for work for about $19 each. Got a good quality (it seems like it so far) purple scarf for $6. Everything here is in style and not really gaudy looking. You may see SOME stuff here and there that's kind "out there" but for the most part everything looks great!! =)
4	I came here drunk lol I spent , like, $200. Typical girly clothing store that follows current trends. Big, clean space. Warning- you get what you pay for. Clothes are cheap, so material is cheap. *Shrinks easily, so hang to dry.* The employees don't ask if you're doing alright or offer to help you find something in particular, which I actually love. When I shop, I really like to be left alone. The dressing room, especially drunk Af, was appreciated. Since I got to sit as I changed hahahahah  I know The old name for this clothing store was Q-Mode which had an OPEN dressing room with mirrors from every angle. I prefer not seeing boobs and a$s of all shapes and sizes, or people seeing mine lol The guy at the register was sociable only when I asked him casually " do I look drunk " . We laughed. I paid. I left.
5	Shop here all the time. Nice clothes reasonable price.  One of the few places that have my size. Always find something that I like. They have all sizes. Very good selection. Clothing shoes and accessories. Try it for yourself.
4	The cleanest and largest Rhapsodielle I've set foot in yet. Well.. Okay, there's a tie between the one located on Stephanie.Anyways.. This store is huge! If you've ever been to Rhapsodielle (previously Fashion Q), you know that they like to section their store by colors. Well, it hasn't changed and they still continue to do that. I actually prefer this method since it's easier for me to pinpoint a certain color I want.I really enjoy their fitting room. If you've ever been to the one of the east side, you'll appreciate any fitting room with a door.Most of the clothes here are within reason and that goes for their shoes as well. I have to give it a 4 star though because their accessory selection isn't the largest nor the greatest.
3	I love love the clothes here and how cheap they are! I come here for all my business pants! But the customer service here is not the best. They give such an attitude about asking for a different size or where an item is. I've worked in a big retail store similar to this one, and we always had to give the best customer service. Dressing rooms need to be watched and cleaned out more. Every time I walk into a stall it's full of clothes. Yikes!
3	Cute, affordable clothes...but nasty nasty attitudes by their employees! I stood there for so long waiting for assistance while the girl continued to give me an attitude and finally let me know she was off the clock.
5	I love this location! I've only been to two but there was a definite difference. This one was clean and well planned out. I reallyLove how they section out the store by colors. That way I don't have to rifle through the whole store to find that perfect black shirt for work or match a green skirt with a top. I am all about easy shopping because normally I don't wanna deal with the hassle of it all. And of course, they stick the shiny accessories up at the front check out area for the people like me. "Oooooo, that's so shiny. I must have it!" The first time I shopped here I went a bit crazy. I walked outta there with multiple outfits, a skirt, a dress, and misc items for around $120. To me that's amazing! Normally I pay $100 for 2 pants and 2 shirts. :0 so far none of the clothes have fallen apart, ripped, shrunk, ect. That's fantastic in my book. But I definitely need a summer shopping spree! ;)
2	I'm so glad this place is closer! I absolutely love this chain of stores. I've purchased a lot from them and will continue to shop here based on the selection, prices, and quality... HOWEVER, the staff is absolutely horrible. the eastern store has better staff, but this location sucks. any time I have purchased from the WS&D location, the help was at a minimum and they are always talking to each other in another language. typically, that looks so bad to customers because we automatically think you are poking fun at customers, saying something inappropriate, or just down right talking sh*t. if you can communicate with customers in English, then there's no need to speak a different language in front of customers. do it on your break AWAY from shoppers. especially when most of the associates seem miserable and rude. we can only hope management changes and that the prices don't go up due to popularity!
5	Like having a forever 21 in your back yard with ought having to visit the mall! Lots of shoes and always bringing in new items
3	This is my favorite location mainly because it's next door to Tj Maxx & Homegoods and also a quick drive to the huge shopping center on Rainbow/215. Some cute clothes for really cheap! However, cheap quality too. Great place to try new styles and get rid of them quick lol the only thing, DO NOT buy anything lace here, I've purchased maybe 4-5 lace items and they've all frayed and torn after only one wash (usually I get around 5-10 washes for their other stuff, if I'm lucky) and I only wash my clothes on the handwash cycle, so it's pretty gentle.Generally,  fitting rooms are clean and not crowded. I'm not the type of person that likes being talked to when I shop, maybe because of all the retail work I've done before lol so it doesn't bother me that no workers talk to me or say hi at all lol. I'm sure if I had a question though, they'd be happy to answer.Dresses are final sale so make sure to try before you buy. Happy Shopping!
3	I had the urge to find some quick, trendy tops while in town and based on Yelp reviews, I chose this location.  The clothes were definitely cute and trendy! I love how when you walk in, I was immediately greeted, and all the clothes were arranged by color and coordinating pants/shorts/skirts.  A lot of the items were pretty inexpensively priced.  Not too bad at all and very comparable to Forever21, Papaya, and Charlotte Russe stores.  The layout of the store is pretty organized and the space is huge.  It was pretty easy to navigate through quickly and within 20 minutes, I had all my options in hand.  I was looking for some high-waisted black shorts though, which should be pretty standard in a shop like this, but there were only one pair to be found in the store and there wasn't really any staff walking around, nor anyone who was really helpful.  This made me forgo the decision of even bothering to try anything on, so I just went to check out.  At the front, they have their big jewelry selection color-coded as well, but all I saw were mainly necklaces, which looked cute and trendy, but looked very cheap and could easily fall apart.  Their shoe selection was also in the back corner of the store which was organized pretty well, but the selection wasn't anything to be wow-ed about.  Prices were fair... saw a cute pair of heels for under $30.  Overall, if you're looking for something cute in a quick-minute, this is a decent spot.  The clothing selection did have some unique items which you wouldn't find in other stores, but I think I would have rather gone to Forever21 instead as the quality of clothing is just a tiny bit better than the items here and cost-wise, you end up paying the same.  I didn't notice it until I came home, but one of my blouses had tons of loose stitching.
4	Whenever I need an outfit to go out or anywhere really, I look here first! Why? Because it's just a few minutes away from where I live and it's cheap! Plus, going all the way out to a mall can seem like a hassle. This store is usually a hit or miss for me but they do seem to add new items on the sales floor on most days, if not every day. So you will find a lot of new items a few days later. I'll admit i've shopped here a couple times a week when I was bored. The floor set is always color coded. Definitely makes it easier when you're looking for a specific look! Shoes are placed throughout the store but mostly in the back left corner. You usually have to flag an employee down if you want to try on shoes in your size. Jewelry is in front of the cash registers in the back. The fitting rooms are in the back right. They're clean and big with a huge mirror. They do have a limit of just 6 items in the fitting room but I noticed if you come during non-peak hours, there isn't someone working in the fitting room so you can bring in as many as you want. The clothes here are very cheap. Don't expect much, you get what you paid for. I still have some of the things i've bought there but I've also had some become unwearable. Don't expect great customer service either! The employees are either handling the fitting room, cashiering, or doing go backs. That is it. However, one day I noticed there was one employee making an effort to talk to customers. At least someone is trying to do their job.Even with the fact the clothes are made with cheap material and they have bad customer service, this store still gets a good amount of foot traffic! There are always a lot of customers here so they must be doing something right.
4	Amazing clothes and incredible fashion sense at such an inexpensive price. I fell in love with this store until I tried some clothes on and store only sells for people that are a size 6 or less. The shame they can't order bigger sizes sad face!!
3	I always come to Rhapsodielle when I need something cute and cheap. They have really cute, trendy clothes and shoes. It's kind of like Forever 21, Hottie, and Charlotte Russe. The clothes are cheap but also not the best material. It usually doesn't last more than a few washes, but at least it wasn't expensive! The store is pretty big, so you are bound to find something you like :)Customer service is a hit or miss. Sometimes I get really friendly and helpful customers, but most of the time they can be kind of rude and snappy. They could definitely work on that.
