5	Nearly 4 years of photographs, music and documents were gone with no backup. I thought all was lost on my G4's hard drive. I called a couple computer places in Charleston that were willing to save the day to the tune of $95 an hour at a minimum of 2 hours. Instead I filled up my gas tank for $40 and drove 3 hours to Charlotte where the closest Apple Store to Charleston is located.It was more than worth the trip and the gas money.Casey spent 2 hours on my computer. He retrieved the hard drive, loaded it all onto my new external drive and then had my computer shipped off... on the house. That was Friday. My computer arrived in San Francisco (where I was interviewing for a new job) on Tuesday. It came with a new hard drive and battery, free of charge.  My experience with Casey was awesome. He was so polite and none of my questions were stupid ones. He was empathetic too. A rare trait in most computer experts dealing with plebeians like me. Thanks to Casey and the South Park Apple Store I will always own an Apple and I will always use their services!
5	There's a reason these guys are so popular - they deliver phenomenal service! I went there with an older laptop that seemed to be having battery and trackpad issues. I put my name on the list and was seen in 10 minutes by the folks at the Genius Bar. They figured out the problem, faulty battery, and fixed it right there. The genius even went so far as to clean the entire laptop as it was dirty. I'd recommend them to anyone in the market for a computer, iPod or phone!
5	My macbook pro's power cord malfunctioned and broke so the first place I took it to was this apple store. After waiting patiently for a genius employee, I filled out a replacement form and walked away with a brand new one, only to have this new one break also. So I took it back to the same store, and simply got a replacement new one from the shelf with no questions asked. Their replacement policy here is great. The manager promotes great customer service.
5	You've seen the Apple/PC commercial, right?  Well, I'm the PC guy.  Sure, I've used an Apple here and there, but I have never owned one.  I'm also not going to tell you that I suddenly walked in, found out how nice they are, and walked out with an armload of Apple equipment.I will tell you that the staff of the Apple Store is top-notch.  Even knowing that I'm a PC guy, and also knowing that the only reason that I was there (for three days in a row, no less) was to give the kids something to do for a few days during the summer - for free even, they were happy to do it, and they let me play with stuff the whole time.Now I didn't give up any passwords on the public computers, because I just don't do that.  But I could have.  Plenty of other parents did.  I could have sat there and used the free wi-fi all day.  But I didn't.  Instead I just watched in amazement as dozens lined up for a new iPhone, and dozens more came and went for their turn at the genius bar.  It's actually pretty amazing.  If I ever get an Apple, this will be why.If you go in, say hi to D'Art and Noelle for me.
5	The Apple Store and its employees live up to the commercials.  What shocked me is how much they know about Microsoft products.  When looking for a MacBook to author books, the guy asked me what I currently used -- he was able to translate that into the perfect MacBook for my needs.  With my MacBook, I was able to walk out of the store with the goods.  With my iPod, I had to order it online on a Mac in the store and have it shipped to me because they were out of stock. Tip:- If you're visiting SouthPark Mall only for Apple, park in the garage on either the Belk or Nordstrom sides.  Apple is on that end of the mall, and those two parking locales will be the easiest in/out for you.
3	I went to a Mac shop last fall (2007) in Chicago.  That place rocked!  Two floors, a cafe and it even had grass on the roof for maximum eco-cool...The South park mall Apple store is weak by comparison.  I've been there several times and the staff is knowledgeable to a certain point.  "Look how cool this gee-whiz kind of thing is..."You can learn just as much watching the well produced videos on the Apple Website as you can listening to these young hipsters running amok in the stores.It gets some props because you really can interact with Apple's awesome products.  Just go on in, get on one of the computers, watch apple's videos and do what they do.  Once you figured out what you want, buy online and save the taxes.
4	If you haven't been to the Apple Store, you're missing out (to say nothing of missing out on Apple products, which are awesome--but that's another story altogether). It's amazing. Without becoming a Mac commercial, let me just say that the Apple Store is MUCH cooler/better than any other electronics/computer store, and the one in the mall here is even more efficient than other Apple Stores I've been to in other cities. As has been mentioned before, the people who work at the Apple Store know EVERYTHING about the products they sell. But not only will they help you learn about their products; they'll help you fix problems you're having with other equipment and help point you in the right direction as far as ones you need to pick up. If you're a tech geek, you'll really love this place, 'cause you can fiddle around with all of their devices--you can see how the iTouch works, you can try out their newest laptop...it's all at your fingertips. And again, the staff can walk you through your purchase or even your perusal. Go there even if you don't need anything. If you're in the mall, it's a great place to waste some time or to re-connect with the technological advances going on. And, hey, you can always check your email there, too.
4	You should make an appointment before you go, but other than the huge, horrid waiting if you don't make an appointment, the Apple store in South Park gives some of the best customer service in town. It's packed, all the time...but the "Geniuses" are fabulous. These guys know the answers to every question.I left them with my precious MacBook when it was having a few issues a little while back, and they returned it to me as good as new. They even polished it up a bit, getting all my smudges and fingerprints and dog-nose marks off the keyboard and the screen. It was really better service than I could have imagined. My only complaint was that I had to call them to see when it was ready. They didn't call me, or if they did call me, they didn't leave a voice mail that I received. I would have preferred not to have that panicked feeling where I thought my computer could be gone forever...it's my livelihood and all.
3	The Apple Store in SouthPark Mall is a fun place to play with all the new Mac products. The story is usually crowded with Mac enthusiasts. Overall, I think the staff does a good job, but there have been some occasions where it's taken way too long to get help and pay for whatever we were buying.I had one annoying experience: My boyfriend and I took his iBook in because he needed a new power cord, which was covered by the warranty. But they don't have the power cord in stock and had to order it. They refused to ship it to us, so we had to drive all the way back to SouthPark a week later to get it. To their credit, when my boyfriend expressed dissatisfaction about this on an Apple survey, the store's manager called to find out more about why he was unhappy. And that's one of the many ways Apple keeps people coming back.
5	Keep buying those Apple products!  The stock fell below its 50 day moving average yesterday in very heavy volume.  Not a good technical sign for a stock.  Lots of analyst confused by the downward move.I need Apple to go up so I can afford to eat at nice restaurants!  Go buy stuff.  Don't you need a new IPod, IPhone, Mac?
5	The Apple Store experience is about Customer Service. But before you can appreciate that fully, it helps to understand the focus of Apple's products.Apple has sparked four major revolutions in the electronics world. The first was the introduction in 1977 of the Apple II, the computer that popularized the concept of the PC to the point where IBM had to jump into the market (four years later). The second revolution was the mass-market introduction of the graphical user interface operating system with the Lisa (a 1982 dud) and the Mac (a 1984 rousing success). Microsoft largely copied the Mac when they developed Windows. The third Apple revolution was the introduction of iTunes and the iPod in the early 2000s, the combination of which has revolutionized the entire music industry. Musicians now have a direct connection with their audiences, without record industry middlemen and meddlemen. And recording companies win, too, because they now have a legal downloading service at their disposal.The fourth Apple revolution was the 2007 introduction of the iPhone, which has completely shaken up the telecommunications industry and started a firestorm of competitive research and development.If you understand that Apple is an innovative market disrupter with a maniacal focus on quality of user experience, then their loyal following of "cool-aid" drinkers makes sense. If you are someone who hates computers, or who gets frustrated with most things technical, who wishes there were an easier way to get things done with your tools, then Apple has something for you.If you want technology that "just works" transparently to the task, so you can get work done without thinking about the process or the tool, then you might want a Mac. They're not perfect, but they're a damned sight easier to use than Windows machines. Because Apple designs the software and the hardware to work together, they take full responsibility for the results. As a result, they just tend to work!If you are an advanced computer user, and you want the ultimate in flexibility in your computer, so that you can run any popular operating system on the planet, or all of them you need to, all at the same time, then you need a Mac. (I run OS X and Windows XP Pro on mine, simultaneously, every day.) This is invaluable for those working in the sciences, in research and development, in the creative arts, and for those who like the Mac environment but want to play Windows games.If you want the easiest experience with an mp3 player, you want an iPod and iTunes. iTunes will let you copy your entire CD collection to your PC or Mac, then download as much of it as will fit onto your iPod or iPhone. You can purchase music online from the iTunes Music Store, but you have many other options, as well. Speaking of iTunes, the online store sells movie rentals, books, and many other media as well. You can visit iTunes University and download lectures and courseware from some of the finest schools around. All of these media may be viewed on your computer, and most can be downloaded to your iPod Classic or iPod Touch or iPod Nano or iPhone.If you want the best smartphone experience on the planet, and you don't have to conform to advanced government or enterprise email security requirements (get a BlackBerry for that), you might want an iPhone. It's really a small computer, that happens to be a phone, and that has full-time wireless connectivity. Over 100,000 applications are available for the iPhone and the iPod Touch, including cool tools and games for just about anything you need to do on the run. (The iPhone 3GS is well worth the price, for the speed and security enhancements.) Okay, that was a lot, but hang in there! This is about the STORE, right?The Apple Store presents Apple's key products in a hands-on environment, with experts and semi-experts available to help you understand what you are looking at, trying out, and drooling over. A key feature of the store is the Genius Bar, where advanced reps help users solve problems with their products. For instance, in 2005, I bought a PowerBook from a mail-order company. I had it three days, and the power switch literally broke! Since it cost about $2500, I took it to the Apple Store at Southpark, and had the Genius guy look at it. I told him my story, and he offered to replace it --- free of charge --- on the spot, with no worry that I had not purchased it there. When I asked, "What about the three days I spent migrating data and installing software on that hard drive, is there any way to transfer that?" he said, "No problem, can you come back tomorrow and pick it up?" Needless to say, I picked up my replacement Mac the next day, and all my software and files had been transferred to the new drive for me! No charge!I have more stories, but they won't fit. Suffice it to say that these folks know tech, they're helpful, and they go WAAAAY beyond the norm to protect Apple's brand and reputation.  Check 'em out!
1	Customer service is non-existent. We brought in our PC to have them transfer hard-drive data to our new MacBook. They ended up frying the PC and then abdicated any responsibility. I will make it my life's mission to tell this story to every single person I meet. DO NOT BUY MAC products from the store in SouthPark.Very interesting that you CANNOT leave feedback about your experience with their staff through any of their websites. Tells you a lot about a company.
5	My latest experience with the Apple Store Genius Bar started out when nothing happened... as in, I pushed the power switch on my MacBook Pro, and nothing happened. Oh, the little sleep light came on, and the DVD drive buzzed, but the screen was dark, and the startup chime didn't sound.Bummer!I took it to the Apple Store after making an appointment at the Genius Bar. (When you need them, ALWAYS make an appointment. They are very busy, especially on weekends.)While standing around, waiting my turn, one of the staff came up with her iPod Touch in hand and checked to see if I had an appointment, and then checked me into their "present" queue. She asked me if there was anything she could help me with or answer as I waited. I did ask her a few questions about the iPhone and she promptly answered them. The lady who waited on me at the Genius Bar asked the right open-ended questions ("How can I help you today? Tell me about your Mac.") I explained the problem, and that I had tried all the obvious things they normally ask you to do. She promptly tried resetting the parameter RAM, but that didn't work. (I had forgotten that one!) Then, she plugged in a series of diagnostic drives, and attempted to start my Mac from the systems on them. That didn't work, either, so she concluded the main logic board needed to be replaced, and explained my options.I chose to have the machine repaired... They would send it off and have it repaired at a central facility, then overnight it back to me. All was covered under AppleCare, and I received the machine on Wednesday morning, a day earlier than she suggested. It works fine!I checked the cost of a main logic board for an A1260 (my model) at iFixit.com... It was more than twice what I paid for AppleCare, so the warranty was well worth the cost. The machine is about 20 months old, so had I not purchased AppleCare, I would have had to pray that the problem was covered under the nVidia 8600M GT chip failure warranty (It probably would have been... The explanation of repair that came back with my machine said that chip was the problem, and they replaced the main logic board to fix it.)All in all, Apple did the right thing, here. They made the diagnosis and the cure as painless as I could have asked for, just as they have on several other occasions. I'll keep coming back.Oh, uh, I bought an iPhone on that same trip, but from AT&T, because they had to process a corporate discount on their service plan for me.
5	Surprisingly enough, I was in and out of this crowded place with what I needed in less time than I could admit possible. The staff was friendly and anticipated my every need. Kudos!!!
4	I love the Apple products! I would buy one of each if I could. This store is always packed with people oozing over the products! Sometimes I go in and it has a weird smell...different body chemistry can make for some funky odor. The employees are friendly and always on the go! However, the last time I was in there, I just needed a question answered about my older desktop mac and increasing storage. Instead of getting my question answered, I had to make an appointment and return a few days later. When I returned at my scheduled appointment time, the employee listened to my question and gave me a 2.5 second answer and I was out the door. It was a bit frustrating that I couldn't get the answer the first time around. Maybe there can be a better way to screen for quick answers and the more-involved-get-an-appointment answer. Well, I still love Apple, the sleek design, and easy use of their products.
1	Fathers Day is coming up, so I call up some Apple Stores looking for an Ipad, and almost every representative I spoke to was not courteous. Me: So how many IPad's do you have left?Apple Store Rep: A few.Me: OK awesome, can I reserve one?Apple Store Rep: No.Me: .... so how many did you say you had?Apple Store Rep: A FEW.You know what? If you can't tell me how many you have left, just say so. No need for an attitude. Worst service ever.
2	had an appointment, didnt get with an employee for 20 mins, then was told my problem couldnt be fixed and all i could do was spend another $180-$250 to replace what was broken.  i felt baited into coming in, the staff seems arrogant and lazy, supremely disorganized, i'm in retail and would be embarrassed if this was my establishment
4	I bought a computer here a while ago and had a really good interaction with the guy on the sales floor.  He was patient and full of information.Months later, the optical drive and RAM chips malfunctioned, and fortunately, the computer was still under warranty.  I called and made an appointment with the tech staff.  Remember that appointments are a must for service issues.  This store is always slammed, and if you just show up with your broken I-whatever, they'll turn you away.The "genius bar" tech was patient and spent a lot of time trying to figure out what was wrong.  In the end, they didn't have the parts on hand to replace my broken pieces - which was disappointing - but they got them within a week or so, and then did the repairs in 48 hours.Compared to the customer service that you would get with any other computer purchase, Apple is pretty great.  But the store is always a mob scene.  Remember that.
3	Had to knock off a star because when I got my computer home from being repaired, it still did not work properly.  So I had to line up another appointment for service, lug my big-ass computer to the mall (gosh do I hate trips to the mall), and turn it in for more repairs.  I got a call four days later that the computer was ready to pick up.  When I went back, they told me that whoever did the first repair forgot to plug certain cables back in, thus causing the continued problems.I would not have minded if i lived next door to the apple store, but going back and forth was tiresome, and each trip contained a risk that my imac would be damaged en route.Still a friendly place, still a good product, but perhaps the frenzy that envelopes the store has affected the tech staff's ability to focus on their work.
4	Good product lousy layout and service
4	I love stores like this. Not because I'm an Apple fan-boy, but because these guys understand. They believe in their product! If you don't already know, within a year of contract signing, Apple will replace your iPhone if it's damaged (unless accidental). If you have a cracked case, they don't just replace your case, they replace the entire phone and you get a brand new one! WOW! So we all might have experienced our fair share of holiday shopping meltdowns. It's a nightmare and causes the best of us to scream "Wait your effking turn" at the sweet old lady "who just had a question about where the bathroom is. That black Friday nightmare is kind of what the Apple store is, Everyday! For that very reason, the appointment system works and works well. No more fussing and cussing. You can set up an appointment on the phone or in store. Show up, check in with the friendly host and get on with your business. Less than a minute after checking in, I was assisted by an awesome employee. She was extremely cheerful and her voice wasn't monotone and didn't cause a momentary lapse of reason. I for once actually understood everything a salesperson told me. Not only was she simply awesome, she hooked me up with some sweet insider info!! (PM me for details and get your mind outta the gutter!! ;P) 10 minutes later I was on my way, outta there with a new phone. Another epic win for Apple!
1	This store is such a disorganized mess.  Prepare to make an appointment, stand around for 20 minutes trying to check in with someone, then wait another 10 minutes for the actual appointment.  The employees may be knowledgeable, but all the ones I have dealt with are the farthest thing from personable.  Oh, we're Apple...we're too cool for orderly lines!  Not impressed.
3	Basically, I should just copy and paste Pourina's review because I had the same issue w/ my 3Gs as he.  But I will not, as this branch location of the Temple of Steve Jobs has issues a brewing (e.g. cleanliness, clutter, and unhappiness of the employees). Atmosphere - This is my 6th visit to this Apple store in as many years and on this visit, you would have thought they had just released a new Apple product that morning.  It was a Thursday evening and the store was a mess...with frazzled looking employees to boot.  The display items appeared ratty and gross.  There were people everywhere and nobody really seemed that happy.  This was unlike my prior experiences at this site or other Apple Stores in major cities.  Maybe the CLT needs another Apple store or at least a bigger one.Now on to my issue as copied from Pourina:     "If you don't already know, within a year of contract signing, Apple will replace your iPhone if it's damaged (unless accidental).  If you have a cracked case, they don't just replace your case, they replace the entire phone and you get a brand new one!  WOW!"Service - Always, per others, make an appointment for warranty/ repair issues.  I did not...stupid me.  But upon arrival, I did make an appointment for an hour later and shopped elsewhere to kill time.Pourina continued: "For that very reason, the appointment system works and works well.  No more fussing and cussing. You can set up an appointment on the phone or in store.  Show up, check in with the friendly host and get on with your business." When I came in for my appointment an hour later, it took only 5 minutes for the technician to look at my phone, ask if I backed it up, wipe it clean of data, and provide me with a like new refurbished phone for me to be on my way.  Now that is service! Overall - I am happy I purchased the extended warranty as it is worth at least the cost of a replacement battery.  While the repair service was quick, I am concerned with what I observed on my visit as it appeared to me that this store is on a decline that is counter to the normal Apple experience.
3	In pursuit of my never-ending quest for knowledge (and gadgetry!), I stopped in the Apple Store @ SouthPark to find out more about what Apple had to offer.  Right away, I knew things were going to get interesting.  The crowd was immense.  I mean, it was difficult to even get into the place, let alone check out the products.  That itself spoke of the quality and "gotta have it" factor of Apple's stuff.  After negotiating the masses, I found something to look/play/touch; an iPad.  As I was playing around with it, I noticed that not one sales person or any other employee greeted me, asked if I needed help, or even if I was buying something!  I found that peculiar, but excused it due to the crowd.The store is set up like it was something from the Henry Ford industrial school of design, which actually works well.  The spartan decor shifts the focus onto Apple's products rather than crazy sounds or colors.After about 15 minutes, I left the store without talking to anyone.  I found that...not so good.I returned to the store a few weeks later, and was amazed that the same sized crowd (although the people were probably different!) was there!  This time, I purposefully found someone to talk to.  The sales person I spoke with was very knowledgeable about all of Apple's products, and even advised that I check out another Apple retailer that may better suit my needs and was closer to the homestead.  Overall, busy, crowded, cool, and unique.  The sales team (when you find them!) are awesome and know what they're selling.  Worth a look when thinking of upgrading to the next technological step!
5	I am in and out of the Apple Store sporadically as an avid Apple customer.  Working in IT, I only need to make an appointment at the Genius Bar when my devices under warranty require replacement.I have had nothing but positive experiences at this Apple Store in my four years of frequenting it.
5	We were in there today for a work computer. Corey helped us and I could not have asked for a more painless and pleasant experience. Thanks, Corey.
3	Always an interesting experience walking up and into the Apple Store. It never gets old. Of course when needing to ask questions or get some guidance its typically down hill from that point on.Still unable to get an ipad 2, wifi, AT&T model.....very frustrating!
4	My visit to the Apple store today was not bad.  I had to wait an extra 10 minutes beyond my appointment time.  After I had been helped, four other employees tried to help me as well.  Service was fast and as expect, my iPhone was replaced.  Frankly, I would like an Apple product that does not have to be replaced after four months!  Great service, many staff members on hand to ensure every customer is serviced efficiently.  Great job Apple.  Now I know why you have more $ than the U.S. government!
5	I recently had an "episode" where a) final papers for college were nearing the due date, and b) my computer started to "stress out."  Now, being the level-headed, patient type that I am, I immediately RAN-SPEED to the Apple Store in a panic.WITHIN MINUTES, I was walking out the door with a up-and-running Mac, ready to finish my opus dei for the semester!Without an appointment, I was able to speak with a member of their Genius Bar who immediately knew what the problem was.  A few key strokes later, and my panic attack came to an end!Expert service, friendly, helpful people, and awesome products!
5	Being an Apple fanatic, I'm so happy we have a local dedicated store (even better for me when the one at Northlake Mall opens).Any time I've had a MacBook / iPhone related issue, they've always been extremely helpful & knowledgeable. I love that no matter where you look, you see associates helping people, either with technical issues or purchasing information.I also love the bright, spacious layout of the stores. I'm such a "hands on" buyer, so I like that I can try out any device before I buy. Displays of product are organized & priced accordingly.Genius Bar appointments are efficient & timely. Any appointment I've had, they rectify the issue & I leave happy. Customer service is a plus for me & Apple owns it!
1	This Apple Store is by far the worst store I have visited. Made a appointment for 1pm and waited over an hour to be helped. I certainly wasn't the only one in this predicament. The store was crammed with people like myself.
5	Two things impress me here... 1. the high quality products & 2. the customer service. Oh... a third thing that is impressive is the demo products out for everyone to play with. No matter how busy this place is... (when is it ever not busy during opening hours?)... you don't have to wait long for assistance.I've never walked out of there disappointed.
5	I like Apple products, but am met with stares and gasps of disbelief when I tell people I prefer to use my Windows PC to my Macbook Pro. That's not to say that the Macbook Pro sucks, but I end up starting up the Windows Partition when I use it a lot of the time just so I can use some Windows only software so it's just much handier to use my PC. When they do end up adding some of my needed software onto the Apple OSX though I'm all aboard. That said I don't think I could live without my iPhone and iPad though.Well when I have problems with any of my Apple products, I've found their support is top notch. I just set up an appointment on the apple store app at a convenient time and date for myself then voila I just walk past the queue the is sometimes present at the door and check in for my appointment on my phone, talk about handy! The employees are knowledgeable, eager to help you out as best as they can, though sometimes it can take a bit after checking in before they're able to meet with you and discuss the problems.The store itself is the ubiquitous minimalistic design that is present in most Apple products, the products themselves are on display and in working order. You won't get harassed for loitering around the store playing with the demo products. In fact I've seen some students doing homework assignments on them, though I wouldn't recommend it since the store is rather noisy and crowded. Not exactly conducive to a study environment.It's really handy to have this store so close by, I've heard of people driving like an hour here just to buy something. If you're buying something or needing tech support make sure to make an appointment or you'll be left waiting for 1-2 hours to get put with someone who will schedule an appointment for you!
3	This is a very small Apple store, compared to others I've seen. Since it has the same demand, the place is ALWAYS packed and especially now when people are looking for Siri and their iPhone 4S.iPods, iPhones, iPads, MacBooks and MacBook pros abound and people are touching and playing and testing and generally having fun with these devices. Are they buying? I have no idea. But the place is hoppin' busy.If you're planning to get one of the Geniuses to look at your device, you will really want to make an appointment.Bonus: There are some super comfy seats outside (as there are in most of the mall) but these are in range of the Apple wi-fi which I think is speedier than the mall wi-fi.
5	I'm giving the PEOPLE / employees at store 5*****.  Doesn't seem fair that they should be graded down for Customer Service because some corner-office type thinks it's a good idea to have one store in CLT that is SO busy, day and night, every day of the year that it's an ABSOLUTE MADHOUSE. Again, employees great.  Product great.  Apple corporate culture, MINUS 5****
5	Went without an appointment. Saw someone within 10 minutes even though it's the week of Christmas. Guy was nice and informative, answered MANY questions and stuck with me for everything I wanted to look at. Awesome customer service!
2	Note that this is not a review of Apple products, just a review of my experiences at their store. This whole setup is an example of form over function. Of  being different instead of servicing customers. Which is not to say they aren't customer focused. They are, but the store setup doesn't always work. Let's say you have a broken iPod within it's warranty period. Any normal store, you go up to customer service, show them that it doesn't work, they take your broken one and give you a new one. At the Apple Store, this exchange goes more like this:- You go in to do the above and are told to make an appointment to see a "Genius" on another day. - You come back at your appointment time, and then wait until they call your name. - The "Genius" looks at your iPod, tries to reset it, etc... all the things you have already - tried and comes to the conclusion that yes, it is indeed broken. (Well, D'uh, Genius)- He then orders you a new one and tells you they will call you when it comes in. - They call you and you go pick it up.Simple in and out exchange has become a 5 day experience involving 3 trips to the store. Now, buying something is sometimes easier, but good luck if you go on a Saturday. The store is packed-  The main problem being identifying which of the hipsters milling around the store are customers and which are employees. But just follow your nose. No doubt the employees are more authentic "hipsters" than the teens crowding the store - so just sniff out the the stench of "irony" (it smells like day old Pabst Blue Ribbon)
4	Apple, Inc. strikes again. Unrivaled in the service this company provides from in-store to unboxing your new gadget and then coming back in for assistance. Each time I've been in for help with iPhone issues or need of a new MacBook battery, each person at the Genius Bar has been cordial and happy to hear my side of the story. They take their time with each patron and genuinely help each situation. All of the goodies here. iPods, iPhones, MacBooks, backpacks and all of the accompanying gadgets. Apple products and apple-friendly products as far as the eye can see. You know the drill. My recommendation, if you're already an iPhone user, is to download the Apple Store application and make a reservation from the app. You can check in once you're in the store and they'll find you faster! Your name comes up in their queue and they serve you faster!Love this location and always my first choice instead of a 3rd party! Thanks, Apple for this great location. Cheers!
1	If I could give them no stars or negative points I would.  Took a less than 90 day old ipad in because it got a few hairline fractures in a mysterious manner.  Having been a longterm Mac customer, and having had superb service in the past at other genius bars, I assumed this store would be the same.  Not so.  They could not have been less caring.  I was told that I should have bought the Apple Care plan, and they could do nothing for me except offer me the privilege of paying $300 for replacement of my under warranty less than three month old ipad.  I wasted a good deal of time dealing with two different employees, and then spoke with the manager.  I offered to pay for the Apple Care right there so that they could then service my machine.  They refused.  Apple has lost a customer and instead of spending a few dollars on a replacement screen and keeping the customer happy, they chose the cheap and short term path.  I will make it my business to note this incident on every social media outlet, and am filing a better business bureau complaint.  Warranties should mean something; customer satisfaction should be everything.
5	Just picked up my new MacBook Pro and a Time Capsule. I ordered online and chose store pickup. I only waited a few minutes before being helped and was out the door in less than ten minutes. Not bad for how busy and popular the store is. I was very pleased with this experience.
5	Never thought OR Always Wondered iThen i always did like this istore, a Lookalota for sure!Now I'm an isheep, count apples while isleep, ivisit  istores, in with ihordesMore than a fan iFANATIshka !The store is cool too and ihave bought some istuff here !Sometimes Cool is ____ and sometimes a Great working product that is FUN productive and easy to use is More important!  My Bride knew this IS what would get me on the path to being a little more tech savvy (iwas pretty far behind)!
4	Your experience depends on who you end up with helping you. This is the first time I've been here where a blueshirt was simply an ass. While checking in my mother-in-law so that she could pick up her laptop, a rather unpleasant red-head had no time to bother with her questions about picking up her laptop or making an appointment to get someone to help her sync her phone. She couldn't even be bothered to look up if any appointment slots were available tomorrow as she huffed with a very dismissive and passive "I'd have to look that up" and walked away. After waiting a while, we finally were able to grab someone else who was very helpful and apologetic for how my mother-in-law was treated. He helped her rearrange to pick up the laptop & make an appt to get some help tomorrow. This took about two minutes. We've had good service here before and this last gentleman was fantastic about trying to remedy the situation and apologizing for how my mother-in-law was dismissed, but that red-head was horrible. It didn't help that she also chose to stand around near where we were a few times while we were waiting to chat casually to a few other blueshirts. This store will continue to be frequented by my Apple-loving family members and they will continue to get the awesome service they've gotten before, but I can promise that we will always be keeping an eye out for the red-head and will be sure to avoid working with her again.
4	I know that the people that work in this store are almost always slammed with customers.  And I know that issues with apple products are not their fault they are just doing their job.  I bought a iPad a few months ago and have issues with it every since.  I took my original one in today to get fixed, and they had to replace it unfortunately for me because I wasn't able to have to engraving that I had on my original one other wise they would have wanted to hold 300 dollars of my money until they got the original one back as if I didn't pay them a lot of money in the beginning to get the first one I had.  So I settled and shouldn't have but I was ready to be done with it.  So it took about an hour just to make sure things were straight it was soo busy in the store I couldn't hear my self talk.  But any way, they replaced it got the new one home and guess what?  It's making the same stupid popping noises just like the original one I had.  At this point I'm really out done with apple I didn't buy into the whole apple thing at first then I started little by little.  I got a ipod nano and I've had that for some years now and I stop with just that.  And this year I got my first iPad and boy oh boy don't believe the hype I could have saved a whole lot of money by getting a cheaper product I'm sure.  I'm super livid right now and talking to customer support doesn't help.  I guess that's the price you pay to have something soo fancy....lolI have an update, I took my original one in on Saturday and that's when I did this review, they replaced it right.  Ok I had to take the one they replaced it with back on Sunday and they replaced that one.  So third time is the charm right?  Well not just yet well for me any way.  The one that I have now got that one Sunday and it went out on me over in the morning.  I know I should have been in the bed but I was playing a rousing game of running with friends.  And it just went out, I was on the phone this morning for about two or so hours with apple trying to get it fixed they did everything possible I guess to try and fix it.  But of course I'm jinxed so it didn't work.  And now I get to take it back today and get another replacement one.  Thank God for insurance.
1	I love Apple products - this review has to do with their "Geniuses" on staff. I brought my iMac is that wasn't booting. It was only a year and a half old. The tech listened to the startup once or twice and told me it was logic board failure and since I didn't have Apple Care, I needed to buy a new computer. She seemed rushed, so I wanted a second opinion. I brought it to the uBreakiFixIt store and dropped it off - they offer free diagnostics. I got a call back a couple days later that they replaced the CMOS battery and it's working. This fix cost we a whopping $59 - a savings of $1150 from the Apple store's solution. I know where I'll be going with a problem in the future...
1	Horrible experience with this store. My iPhone was not giving me any sound. Apparently it was stuck in headphone mode. Went in to the Apple store on the North side of town. They did a quick clean out of the headphone port, and when that didn't work they told me I'd need a new phone and they'd have to schedule an appointment to do that. This store was booked up most of the day, and could get me in before my flight out. But their other store was closer to the airport and had plenty of openings. And since I already had it cleaned, I was told they should let me right in and take care of the problem. So as with all Apple stores, you must set an appointment to get you phone or computer really worked on or replaced. Typically this means they will get you in and out in a timely manner because they are managing the work flow. Well in my case I got there 5 minutes early, was checked in, and then sat down to wait. And wait I did. 30 minutes past my appointment time. Stood up to see if I could get anyone's attention. Couldn't get any employee to acknowledge me. The tech across the table was telling another customer that the WIFI had just gone down, which meant no back up and no phone restoration. Since I overheard this and had to leave soon as to not miss my flight home, I simply walked out.  And I failed to mention earlier that when I arrived I tried to explain that a partial diagnosis from their other branch had already been done. The response was a gruff "that doesn't matter, we still have to do one here." Overall, very unimpressed with this store. I understand that with the WIFI down, the situation was difficult for them, but the fact that no one even approached me to explain this is frustrating. And to have an appointment to be stuck waiting for 30 minutes is a failure.
5	Jeremy at the Genius Bar did a great job of examining my Macbook Pro and listening to my needs in terms of staying functional while figuring out what is wrong with it. Instead of shipping the machine out, we're waiting for the part to come in and hoping the symptoms don't return until then, so I can get the repair done while staying functional. Both Jeremy's assistance and the folks on the support lines have been exemplary, and make me much happier about having gone Apple after prior experiences with some of the leading Wintel providers (yes, I know Apples are Intel Inside these days, which I'm fine with). Definitely makes me glad I bought the 3-year AppleCare contract!
2	Very confusing and disappointing service. Just moved to Charlotte and saw the anchor stores in the mall open at 11, so assumed the rest of the mall did too. Just needed to pick up an Apple TV really quick. There was a queue at the front of the store, where a very nice employee told us the store would be open for sales at 11, (it was 10:50) so we walked around and came back. We grabbed what we needed and another nice employee managing the flow of the Genius Bar told us that the sales staff would be out any minute, and we would know because a ton of blue shirts would come out the door. So we waited. Another employee approached us and said the sales staff wouldn't be out until 11:30. We said we were confused because two other people told us two different things. He put his hands up in defense and said he was just trying to help us out, and then he turned and walked away. As we stood there, dumbfounded, the employee managing the Genius Bar noticed us and asked in his radio where his sales staff was. A woman came out, and spoke to him. We heard him tell her we needed to be rung up, as did another couple, and she walked back into the back. He apologized to us and the other couple and said he didn't have the right equipment for us to pay but he was trying to get someone out to help us. A few minutes later the woman came back and said she could help us. We thanked her, and then she proceeded to tell us that the store doesn't open for sales until 12 on Sunday. I again said how confused I was and asked why the store would open and not sell us anything. She looked at me like I was insane and said "because we open up early for that" and pointed at the Genius Bar. Her demeanor was like she did us a favor by taking our $130. Disappointing service, considering we come from Chicago and have had nothing but stellar service at the Michigan avenue store. Guess I'll be buying my apple products online from now on.
1	Very frustrating. Expect a long wait or to make an appointment for days later. Not very helpful when you need your phone working. Person making appointments was not very helpful or courteous.
