2	So I was doing the no carb thing for awhile and my very first carb loaded meal was at Chik-Fil-A.  One would think that after not eating carbs for a couple months, anything would taste divine---- WRONG.Chi-Fil-A used to be in malls when I was younger and they would hand out free samples of the yummy fried deliciousness on little toothpicks when you walked by.  This then would make me turn to my mother and beg, plead, cry to eat at Chik-Fil-A.  It was really good then.  This was my memory when I went to the Tatum location.  What I got was a super fried chicken fillet that needed salt-- gasp!  Who actually adds salt to fried chicken?  Well, this one tasted bland., so I HAD to.  My bun was soggy and my fries were cold.  Is this really the carbs I was craving all this time? No.  I should have gone to have sushi.the 2 stars are because I WANT it to be more that 1 star. I give it another go ahead, a few weeks later-- at this point I have eaten so many carbs my pant buttons are popping off and AGAIN!  cold fries and soggy bun.  WTF??!!  I haven't been back since and since I am on a NEW diet, I won't be heading there anytime soon.  Boooooooo.
5	So good. the sandwiches, the salads, the ice cream. and of course, the fries. sooo good. and chik fil a sause is the best. and it is all pretty healthy for you too!
4	Chick-fil-a is comfort fast food for me. I love the original chicken sandwich; I add 1 pack of honey mustard. I grab a second honey mustard packet for dipping my delicious waffle fries - which, unfortunately, they sometimes skimp on, in my opinion. I have to tell you, though, I witnessed the talent of the best balloon artist I've ever seen at this location! (He's not there every week, but you'll find him there on some Wednesday afternoons for the whole "kids eat free" thing.) I was so mesmerized, as I waited in line to order and then for my food,  that I hardly noticed the wait and the fact that the place was overrun with little ones didn't detract from my experience! Chick-fil-a actually caters to the whole family thing really well. (And, their kids' meals have educational toys, often promoting literacy).
4	Yes, I'm reviewing @ChickfilA, but with good reason.Marissa worked the counter today, and epitomized service with a smile!She delivered our food to the table, and even asked if we needed refills on our drinks.She was one of the friendliest people I've ever encountered at a fast food restaurant, and should be praised by her employer.The food is pretty good, and I would probably go to Chik fil-A before KFC.But I just want to rave about the service.
2	This Chick Fil A is awful. The last 3 times I have been here I have gotten soggy fries that are undercooked. How do you consistently mess up fries?? I love chick fil A but this location sucks. I've learned my lesson and I just have to drive up to North Scottsdale to get my fix.
4	I do like their food. I like how the kid meals come with something educational instead of some piece of plastic junk. The only thing I would say is for the price, I think their portions could be a little bigger. I am always wanting just a couple more waffle fries.
4	Over the years, I have taken a strong liking to Chick-fil-a.  The chicken is tasty and is not processed like the other fast food restaurants.  The waffle fries are delicious.The staff is extremely friendly and at times will come to the table and offer free soda refills.Each Wednesday they have a Kids Night from 5:00 p.m. to 7:00 p.m.  Last week there was a balloon artist.  It is a fun time had by
3	I love the spicy chicken sandwich, also the iced tea/lemonade mixture I usually get instead of soda. The waffle fries are usually awesome when they are fresh out of the fryer... unfortunately the batch I got yesterday were cold and tasted like an ashtray. The dog enjoyed them, though.
2	Compared to the one in Deer Valley where I work.....this one needs some serious improvements. I know Chick-Fil-A takes it's customer service....food....and store cleanliness very serious. This one however is the exception especially when it comes to cleanliness and organization. This locale is always messy....the condiments are always disorganized....and the lemonade on my last 3 occasions has not been good..... for lack of a better word. I am shocked and appalled really because I have been to several of these establishments and if the managers there could see this store they would be shocked as well. Eat, Drink, and be Merry my Friends.....just not at this Chick-Fil-A.
5	Love to come here for the fries and shakes! Delicious and quick, friendly service.
4	I am addicted to the grilled chicken and fruit salad. It is low cal if you use the low cal dressing and very filling. The staff will go out of their way to get things right- and make your experience a positive one.  I buy the nugget trays too when I am having guests and it is always the first thing to be finished.
3	Eh it was ok, not as amazing as everyone tells me it is. When I lived in Vegas everyone would say if Chick-Fil-A was here Raisin Cane's would be put to shame...HAHAHA yeah right! I am glad I tried this now because nothing here stacks up to it. The Chicken was really solid could tell it was fresh cut before fried. But it just was lacking in flavor. The sauce was not inspiring but OK. ( I did take 8 packs home to Seattle with me) But it was nothing like the Canes sauce. The Sweet Tea was even disappointing vs Raising Canes. Overall compared to other fast foods it is better than most. But, I only eat fast food if it is outstanding and this was not it.
3	I went 3 days ago and got a meal of Chick-fil-A Nuggets with waffle potato fries and a lemonade drink. The nuggets are ok, I think the fries were better. And the lemonade was too sweet too much sugar...diabetes? As for the sauces, the only one I liked was the bbq but they stingy with them.
4	Ok, yes I am writing a review for a fast food restaurant. I realize that seems a bit strange and quite possibly extremely unnecessary. I mean, fast food is fast food right? Everyone knows what their getting into and what kind of food to expect, right? While this is true I felt it was worth writing a little snippet for the always refreshing Chick-Fil-A.It's nice to have a fast food experience where the food tastes fresh and actually like real chicken. The nuggets are yummy, flavorful but not overbreaded. My parents enjoyed their chicken sandwiches and agreed that the food is fresh tasting and not too heavy. We also enjoyed the sweet tea which is a classic Chick-fil-A staple.One important thing to note was that this location was super busy when we walked in right at noon but soon after we ordered our food was ready in a flash. And for those of you who have never been to CFA before? The icing on the cake is the wonderful assortment of dipping sauces to suit whatever flavor mood you are in at the moment. Or you can do what I do and open one of each and dip to your hearts desire. Who doesn't love variety?!
5	I don't do fast food very much anymore, but I stopped here over the weekend to show Chick-Fil-A some love for standing by their morals.  I was in the area to visit another store, and made sure to stop here for lunch! The employees here are very friendly and helpful, as they are at every CFA I've been to. If you're unfamiliar with their menu, they have breakfast from open to 10:30 - the awesome CFA biscuit, and bacon-egg-cheese, and others. My favorite items on the rest of their menu is the regular CFA sandwich and the spicy chicken wrap...I get them with fruit cups instead of fries, and their great sweet tea. Yum! This is a treat, not a regular thing for me, but I'm glad to support them. This location is at the corner of Tatum and Cactus, on the SEC, in the same area as the Wal-Mart and Michael's.
4	Fast food can be delicious, at least at Chik-Fil-A!I met some moms here for a little play date and lunch, I hate McD's and this is another option - a better, cleaner, more nutritious and delicious option.UPS:My daughter hates nuggets, any nuggets, anywhere.  She LOVED these nuggets and the fruit cup, she finished it all!  The play area is smaller but it's nicer and cleaner and has less kids running around (at least on this afternoon).They have delicious and fresh salad options which also come with their scrumptious chicken (you can get grilled too).  Love the dressings!Friendly and helpful staff.DOWNS:A little pricey for those fresh salad options (almost $8)Sucky kids toys (comic book?)
5	Yum yum yum..... I wanna rub chick fil a's chicken all over my face! It's soooooooooo good! Get a number five. 12 piece... The 8 will not be enough. Yum. Honey as ur dipping sauce is amazing! The waffle fries are delightfully delicious. The lemonade is the best you have ever had! I'm scared that this location is so close to my house. This location is clean and the staff is very friendly!
5	Five starsI grew up on CFAIt is Hot Good and well Extra Good. Order what you like its all GOOD.All white mean chicken the king of sandwiches when it comes to chicken. The fries are the best ever to touch your lips and gums. They have pure honey & they know I'm on my way so they never run out.
4	Went at the busy hour of lunch, they were on their game in and out of the drive thru in less than 10min. Love the chicken wrap with spicy sauce and love the waffle fries.
4	Love the food here, it's so fresh and made to order.  They don't leave any food on the hot plate or under the lights.  Love the waffle fries and their milkshakes.  All the employees that works there are very polite.  Just love it.
4	What can I say except I have soft spot for Chick-fil-A.   Perhaps it's their world-famous chicken sandwich. Or perhaps their hatred of the sacred cow.  Either way I like it.   I prefer the plain old number one sandwich combination, hold the pickle.   Also, their milkshakes are rather tasty.  However, their waffle fries could use some improvement, . as could their approach for filling up soda behind the counter. Other than that, I'm sorry Yelp, I'm giving a fast food restaurant four stars.
2	The classic chicken sandwich with cheese is fantastic for a quick lunch.But I have stopped going altogether because the woman who works the dining room during lunch insists on having 3 different interactions while I am trying to chew my food.First time she asks if everything's ok.  Next time she asks if she can refill my untouched soda.  And the third time she asks if she can take my tray. I recognize that probably follows her training guidelines. But it is not working for this guy.All I want is 20 minutes of peace while I eat.  I am more than capable of expressing any unmet needs.
5	Love their chicken sandwiches and biscuits! Their lemonade is awesome, as well. The service at this location is always fast and friendly. The food is hot and fresh. I stop here pretty often for breakfast on my way to work. You can order a sandwich instead of a biscuit for breakfast, if you prefer! :)
5	This location is always clean and the staff is friendly. I visit here when the truck is being serviced next door. The same team always seem to be working the front as well. Pristine both for food and experience!
3	The last time I went to a Chick-Fil-A was about 15 years ago in the mall and was unimpressed and it would have been a 2.  They have gotten better.  I chose the grilled chicken breast combo and it was ok.  The fries were not very crispy.  Afterward I was told by friends I should have gotten the original delux and I would have preferred the taste but I assumed there were fewer calories, salt and fat in the grilled and I was correct when I checked.  The restaurant was clean and everybody was pleasant.  So they have moved up from avoiding them to acceptable but not going out of my way.
2	The only reason I give this chickfila on Tatum 2 stars is because chickfila's food is so good. BUT this chickfila is so poorly run! If you go through the drive thru expect to wait at least 10 min. Do not go when you are in a hurry. It is so slow. Also they rarely get your order correct and you MUST check your order, including your drink, before pulling away. This chickfila needs some help with speed and accuracy, it is not run like all the other chickfila's that I have visited through the years
1	Gross bathroom, and dirty play area. I go to many locations, never seen one that makes McDonald's seem clean. Until now. Play area had chunks missing in floor.  Changing station looked to be on its last leg.  Over disgusting.  Had to ask for sauces, never at any other location. Just seemed odd, kept behind counter. .unlike other locations.  Sauce theft an issue here? I won't return to this location ever.
5	I have been going to Chick-fil-A's all across the country and I absolutely love it! All of the staff is the highest quality out of any place I've ever been! The food is great, and is pretty well-priced. The prices have gone up over the years, but not enough to truly deter people, I don't believe. The kid area was fun for me years ago, and I know it still holds the same value today. They easily have the best sweet tea out of any place I have ever been to, and am proud to say that I will never stop going to Chick-fil-A!
5	Love this place, try the chicken bagel spicy.  Amazing!  Always go here any chance I get.  Thanks.
5	There is another Chick Fil A five minutes from my house, but I drive 15 min to this location because they have the most fun and friendly staff!  I always feel welcome when I come in. The food is fantastic! Chick Fil A has the best chicken nuggets, waffle fries and fresh lemonade!  Yum!
5	So yummy!!  Healthier than most fast foods.  They are also much cleaner.  I enjoy using their Chik-Fil-A sauce!  Make sure to try it!  They are super fast and very friendly.
4	I didn't know they charged extra for lemonades, which was a down side.  But other than that, all food are still great, service still excellent.  Great jobs everyone!
5	Great customer service and high quality, delicious food every time. There was a line wrapped around the building and I waited no more than 3 minutes after ordering to get my food. They had a young man outside taking orders which made the ordering process smooth and very efficient. Good job Chik Fil A!
5	I love this place ! I could eat there everyday... The staff is very friendly and always makes sure you are satisfied.P.s: notice that employees can't say "your welcome" instead they say " my pleasure ". Lol
5	Very good clean restaurant, great service and friendly staff. Food was great and very delicious,
3	I like Chick-Fil-A. They deserve props for inventing the chicken sandwich, for the cute cow commercials and for maintaining their religious principles. That said, I don't really care for this location. It's cramped, with a lot of tables and a children's play area crammed into a very small space. Also, no way to refill your soda on your own. Chick-Fil-A overall is a bit expensive for what it is, perhaps in part a consequence of its closed on Sunday policy.I tried their grilled chicken nuggets a la carte on my recent visit. How disappointing. They came out soggy, sealed in a plastic container, where they had apparently been for quite some time. Gross! Gross! Gross! Definitely no resemblance to the promotional photographs! When I mentioned how disgusting they were to another family member, they immediately asked, "Did you go at lunchtime?" "They make bigger quantities in advance at lunchtime and the food then is never as good." Hmm. Makes some sense, I guess. Still, over five bucks for six tiny slime covered grilled nuggets and the smallest small sized soft drink I've seen in years, leaves me less than enthusiastic in any case. Plus, call me silly, but I like to eat lunch at lunchtime.
