3	Full disclosure: I have only bought maybe ONE thing - MAYBE - in Brighton, like, ever.  I like their stuff, but rarely enough to shell out the money for it.  Plus, I often feel like I'm being watched like a hawk, especially in this location.  I don't know if it's because I haven't reached menopause yet like every other woman who frequents this store, but sometimes I will be looking at something and put it back simply because I feel like my every move is being scrutinized.  I wish I could browse without feeling searing eyes in the back of my head.  Or, well, usually the front of my head.  Staring isn't nice!
5	I love Brighton jewelry and always have. it's so durable, it never breaks! Christina helped me and my husband last time at this location, and she made it a great experience. I will be returning to this location in the future. I would recommend Brighton to every woman who loves silver jewelry.
4	It was a poster display that caught my eye one day of charm bracelets. Up until then, I used to walk past by this store thinking it was the place that had boring mom ish type of womens accessories. So it began, my obsession with this boutique.  If you love  collecting charms you'll have to check out this place. The options are endless with the nice selection of charms and bracelets.  Nice quality and shockingly affordable compared to the higher end charm store.The Fashionista line also appealed to me. They have hip and trendy accessories from head to toe. Their jewelry pieces are real pretty too, especially the ones with Swarovski Crystals. Timeless pieces and the workmanship is high quality. The sales staff I have encountered varies here. I can either come in and walk out without a peep coming from anyone. Then there is that one associate that hovers over you when you walk around the store. I chalk it up as to lack of people/sales skills. Most of the time though their sales staff is friendly and super helpful and goes above and beyond to help you out.  Stuff in the Fashionista line is so popular and sells out quick. Twice their sales staff tracked down and have been able to get the hard to find items I wanted and have them transferred to their store to save me travel time. I so appreciate that!   So guys keep that in mind if you are shopping for your lady, you will find something here that she will adore! Their little fabric pouches that they use to package your purchases are just too cute!  Saves time finding gift wrap too!
4	Always friendly service and offers of water immediately upon store entry.  The store presents itself well, associates are knowledgable.  I shop here a lot & I always get great service.
5	I love this place. They have the best accessories! I love the fact that their products are heavy and real silver - so pretty and awesome for gifts. I bought the best belt here, ya it was $140 but it's so gorgeous and I know when I wear it, it's an eye catcher :) If you haven't been you got to check it out in the lazy little shopping mall of The District at Green Valley Ranch. Staff is very friendly, offering a bottle of water as I browsed. If I'm getting a gift for a girl, I go here -- and if someone is getting me a gift -- either the Running Store, Brighton Collectibles or Tiffany's will be perf!
