5	The Edinburgh International Book Festival is truly fantastic. How can you fault a festival where so many prominent, famous, and important authors come together in the same month for  variety of events, giving you the chance to ask them the questions you've been longing to ask about their novel or auto-biography...or just to tell them that you admire/fancy them? Have you ever finished a book and just wanted to let out a blood curdling scream of frustration because you just don't get it? Or because they never explained what you so badly wanted them to explain? If this is you, and it has been me on so many occasions, I would advise you have a good leaf through the events coming up at the Book Festival and get yourself down here, and the questions keeping you awake at night may just be answered.I love books and literature, and in turn love being a big geek when it comes to amazingly written words on a page, so the Book Festival is probably where I spend the majority of my fun time in August, and I highly recommend you get your best reading glasses on, ruffle your hair up a bit so you look intellectually dishevelled, and then pose some deep and interesting questions at author events while nodding thoughtfully.
4	Now, for any literature fan, the Edinburgh International Book Festival has to be on your list of festivals to visit. Year in, year out, the festival manages to get some of the biggest names in the literacy world, whilst also hosting new upcoming authors, and even politicians and celebrities who like to talk about their new books! Situated in Charlotte Square Gardens during August, the tent atmosphere has grown over the years with the festival know also focusing on children's literature and having its own book selling function (Yes, after seeing an author you can pick up their book right at the festival - what a convenience!). Also, the festival runs workshops for budding amateur writers about a whole range of techniques used when writing a best selling book! If you're stuck for something to reads this summer, then head along to the festival and I am certain you will pick up a book or even stumble upon your favourite author!
4	I will follow a literature festival almost anywhere if I have the money and the time. I flew to Paris to Festival & Co. just so I could see Yusef Komunyakaa read. Or hear him, in any case.The Edinburgh International Book Festival is full of the big names everyone wants to see. Which is great. But. As far as I'm concerned, the festival is lacking in South American authors. But I'm totally biased. And the shows are not cheap to get to. This year, Jeanette Winterson, Carol Ann Duffy, Hanif Kureishi, amongst others are gonna make it here. If you're around Edinburgh for the festival and actually decide to miss out on the Book Festival, shame. There are workshops, there are bookshops. There's the chance you might bump into someone you never thought you'd be in the same square mile with. You might even shake this person's hand. And then, if you're anything like me: you'll be all shaky and star-struck.
5	The Edinburgh International Book Festival is without doubt the finest book festival in the world, and the absolute highlight of the Edinburgh Festival Season. Ok so I'm a little biased as I've had the privilege to work for this amazing event twice (with my third being this year) in the children's bookshop. The book festival is a place where not only can you hear your favourite authors speak or have a book signed, you're likely to bump into them whilst browsing the stacks or enjoying the glorious central garden and Spiegeltent. It's a place where you can rub shoulders with actors, comedians, writers, politicians, and all manner of book loving folk. On sight there are 4 theatres, 2 workshops labs, a children's bookshop which has a children's activity corner at the back, an adults bookshop, the infamous Spiegeltent, 2 cafes, a signing tent, and not forgetting the beautiful garden's themselves, which are free to enter. Despite its popularity the book festival feels like a haven of calm amid the craziness of the other festivals which lie just beyond it's gates. It's a place to relax and unwind with a book, be it an old favourite or a newly discovered gem. Top Tips:1. Remember to check out the whiteboards situated outside both bookshops and the signing tent - these will tell you where various authors are signing and at what time.2. Every day at 10am is Ten at Ten, a free ten minute reading from one of the featured writers.3. Unbound, every evening at 9pm in the adults bookshop, which features a mix of debut and renowned writers who each try something a little different.4. Storyshop, every day in the Bookshop at 4pm, where Edinburgh's talented emerging writers do short readings of their stories.
3	Great little Festival. Lots of books but what is especially nice is they have lots of local authors and Scottish writers. Both present and past. Located at the west end of George st , there's great little pubs and restaurants all located nearby. Also has a little cafe located inside where you can read and have coffee ( not sure about pints I'm sure they have some) . Don't miss this place if your here for the Fringe as well!
5	Well it's that time of year again, that makes me love Edinburgh even more, the fact that I can turn any corner in the city and almost see probably, possibly some type of event, show or book reading!For example if I were a book, where in the city would I most likely want to be quickly purchased, based on literary content, author signed, and radiate the author words as read in person? Well all pleasantly done at the annual Edinburgh Book Festival in Charlotte Square Gardens of course.What you will find is tents large enough to protect you come whatever weather Edina throws. There is something for every "bookie" here. Ice cream if it's warm and sunny, plenty seating, coffee/bar, kids and adults book events, author signing book area, disabled access, music and festival frollicks, oh yes and books...lots of 'em.At brekfast, lunchtime or evening, sitting reading that newly purchased paperbook, while slurping a coffee, eating cake and doing occasional author spotting seems to enlighten the mood for some. However authors beware; paparazzi abound eager to snap that unlucky moment if you let them.Real care and attention is rendered here, for three weeks in August it's currently non digital, but who knows what Kindle fashionistas have in mind for the surreptitiouse evolution the digital age brings. Some might say books are dusty, bulky and simply not practical therefore being out of date, like Betamax, videobars, Lp's or Cd's. Bringing some balance is this event where for a few weeks you can go nuts, buy as many books as you can carry, for yourself or those relatives for Xmas. But I for one much prefer purchasing paper copies, as page turning isn't the same reading from a screen. But don't take my word for it get yourself along there soon!
5	Somebody slap me. I've lived in Edinburgh through 3 Book Festivals, this one being my third, and this is the first time I have visited it. Why, oh why, did I wait so long? This is like my mecca.I went to see Neil Gaiman last week, and in passing through the entrance came across an open square with a book shop larger than my brain could boggle. The crowd were serene and happy, the queue stretched right around the courtyard but people were patient. And the main tent for this main event didn't feel like a tent at all. I was really impressed by the physical space and how comfortable it was - it felt like a real indoor building, rather than a pop-up on grass.The only issue with the Book Festival is that you need to be on it, in order to book tickets for the authors you want to see. Research thoroughly before the tickets go on sale, so you know exactly who you want to see. Then find out what time and day they go on sale. Position yourself at your laptop, and be ready for the 'online store' for tickets to open. Then click GO! (Or whatever the button says). You'll join a queue to get a basket, and will need to wait, then click to your author and hope that there are still tickets.Thankfully my friend managed to get me 2 seperate Neil Gaiman events. Last year I had heard he was talking after Festival had begun - and I didn't have a hope in hell of getting a ticket. They all sold out on the day that ticket sales opened. So you have been warned.It is more than worth that one dedicated morning of frantic finger-triggering at the laptop. What a feast for my brain that event was. So good that I am beyond thrilled to have another ticket for Neil Gaiman AND Margaret Atwood tonight (oh be still my beating heart!) And after I will peruse the book shop, make my wallet cry, and my heart sing.This is one part of the Festivals in August that I really can't wait to return next year.
4	I really should come here more often to listen to the authors talking about their books as it's really interesting.This year I went to Monty Don's talk and it was great.  It has a refreshment area where you can purchase drink and a nibble, a book shop and lots of theatres to host the talks.Next year I will aim for 3 events here - yep 3!
4	Bit late in reviewing the Book Fest but I kinda came to it a bit late so this review is probably suitable!Worth getting a guide early doors as tickets go fast. And booking annual leave as some of the great authors can be scheduled right in the middle of a working day. They are all there though - celebs, politicians, academics, best selling authors, musicians and talking about their books, on panels or just playing sets.I came for a wander a few times as I didn't book tickets (save pennies for the book tent where books are sold as there are some fab indie choices not usually available in the shops) and also for the Jura Unbound tent. The Book Shop Band are awesome and I'm hoping they play next year as they were so good - songs all about books and they previewed a song about the latest Ian Rankin book, introduced by the man himself. Ecclectic mix of stuff on, nice seating areas, bars not too expensive for the festival and lots of culture. I know I'll be dashing to grab a schedule for 2014 and get that annual leave planned as soon as...
