5	These folks used to get knocked for being a bit unfriendly, but in the last year they genuinely seem to like their customers coming in the door. Much more pleasant to shop there now. Very good selection, and fast service. It is a true blessing that they have a store in the middle of nowhere, where I happen to live.
5	Best price on Blue Dog Food.  Friendly service and always helps you out to the car.  Nice group and local business.  They will order what they do not have in stock for you.  Visit this local pet place!
2	We go here when we don't have time to go to the other feed stores in Cave Creek.  Don't know if the people who work there are just generally unhappy with their current life situation, but that's how it comes across to the customer.  They don't go out of their way to help you and it's as if you are interrupting them and their conversations if you walk up to the counter.   Just don't understand how one location can be so very different from the home store - we always get wonderful customer service there.   Granted that you probably don't have the sales at this location to fund a professional, positive retail store manager - but you may be surprised at just how many sales opportunities you are missing.  With the right manager, consistent inventory levels and a change in attitude - this store could be golden.
1	This place is a rip off. Twice my husband has gone there and was charged more than the sticker price. we went last night and again they tried to charge us over the sticker price. I told the guy the price didn't match the sticker. he then preceded to mumble and point at the counter. which had a print out saying do to people moving things around on the shelves and the fluctuating price on commodities they are not responsible for sticker price that they will trust the computer.first of all the price on the shelf matched the SCU number and what type of b.s. is that when you have a tiny note on the counter to support ripping off the consumers. I requested my money back and went to frys for cheaper on the same product.don't waste your time here
