1	Don't waste your time.1- they dont sell regular paper and hardly have poster paper.2- its really hard to find any thing of use. Most things are archaic and not in a cool vintage way.3- the owner is a bitch. During park(ing) day 2010 she waited 3 hours before coming out and telling the artist " i find what you are doing is discussing. I dont support your tree hugger shit...." extraordinarily rude.
4	Such a quirky and eclectic little shop that's caught in a time warp somewhere between the 40's and 50's...maybe even earlier. There is something interesting around every corner, tucked onto every shelf - from pens you can't get anywhere else to fine writing paper to porcelains and art supplies to leather handbags and wedding invitations and greeting cards - it's all jam-packed into every crowded aisle and every nook and cranny. Look up and you'll see a balcony beckoning...wind your way around and climb the stairs to the second floor balcony ....there you'll find gorgeous yarns in wools and linens and silks, nubby or smooth, delicate or chunky, brightly hued and sequined or softly demure. Comfy chairs dot the space where you can sit a while and think about what yarn would work up best for your imagined project or settle into an old wooden rocker while you ponder the possibilities. Not feeling up to the daunting task of creating your own knitware? There are gorgeous sweaters and bags, baby items and slippers...little treasures for sale all over.The salespeople at Weldin's are friendly and helpful - again, a throwback to the past. Don't expect instant service as they take their time to serve the needs of each customer. Wait your turn and your patience will be rewarded with advice to get you the right tool for the job. This isn't an instant gratification kind of place....it hearkens back to the ease of a gentler time with a leisurely pace and gracious manners. So breathe, relax and enjoy your surroundings while you wait. Oh, while you're waiting you may be graced with the presence of one of the cats that roam the store or walk to the back to say hello to the beautiful Shar Pei or Bernese Mountain Dog in the back. I guarantee that after spending some chill time in Weldins, your blood pressure will be lower, you'll have a smile on your face and a feeling that all is right with the world.
1	I went here around noon one day in search of an ink pad, which I thought would be a pretty standard item for a stationery store.  (Turns out I was wrong.)  The store was such a cramped, crowded mess that I had to ask for help to find what I was looking for, but was hesitant to do so because I felt so awkward interrupting the four employees sitting at a table in a corner, eating leftover pasta and engrossed in conversation, ignoring me and the several other customers who were browsing.  When I finally got the courage to ask about the ink pad, the workers all looked at each other as if to say "Who's going to handle this?" before one of them grudingly got up to search for an ink pad that, as it turned out, "didn't come in with the shipment".  As if Pittsburgh was a hot market for ink pads and they go through their entire supply every week.
1	I stopped in because they have knitting supplies. I immediately saw a beautiful cat (they have several in this shop). Being a owner of several cats and extreme lover of all animals, I went over to see the cat. The cat let me pet it and followed me around yowling for attention. I picked up the cat to hold and the man that works there was very rude and ripped the cat away from me. I will NEVER NEVER go back to a store that treats animals or animal lovers that way. The shop isn't that great anyway.
5	Charming store with high quality items.  I've purchased business cards and placesetting cards. The staff was very attentive and detail oriented. Great customer service.
1	Such a shame because this place has so much potential for being a cool little local business. But the owners/managers are the rudest, most disdainful people who seemed almost gleeful for me to leave without purchasing something. I went in to purchase either some classy paper or a unique card to write a note to a homeowner to whom I was considering placing a purchase offer for their house. It's a stationary store, so I didn't think my request was unusual. The products there were outdated, in many cases even dusty, overpriced (which honestly, I would have paid a local business if the product had been unique and quality), and disorganized. I was asked if I needed help, to which I replied yes and explained my situation, and a very curt man stood in a back corner and pointed to various corners of the store and said, "Look there and there and there and there," AND THEN HE WALKED OUT OF THE STORE.I'll seriously never step foot in Weldin's again, and felt it necessary to post publicly about the experience. Such a shame.BTW, I found a delightful card next door at CVS. It was made of wood. Very unique. Go figure. ;)
1	I have been a customer of this store many, many times in the past.  I go there ONLY because they are the only source of yarn in the downtown area and I'm an avid knitter.  I put up with the rude employees and dirty store because of this.  I was actually a little excited when they moved because I was looking forward to visiting a clean store.  Here is where my mistake happened.  I recommended them to a coworker.  She just called to ask where they had moved too (I was unsure of the address and it's not on their website or here on yelp).  When she asked the woman how ansered the phone if she could tell her where they moved the woman hesitated and said, yes I guess.  I'm sure she thought we was being funny.  Then she simply said they were located in the Gulf Tower.  When my coworker asked where that was the woman LAUGHED at her and said in a very rude tone, on Grant street.  My coworker has only lived in Pittsburgh for a year, as you all know PIttsburgh is not the easist city to learn.  When pressed for further information about the location the woman had the nerve to raise her tone of voice and tell my coworker that the building had only been there for 100 years!Sad, very, very sad.  They are absolutly DESTROYING their reputation!
