4	The name is embarrassingly bad.  It's like they had to throw in the word "Kimchi" just to make sure people realize it's a Korean joint.  But the food was eggsszellent.  We hit this place twice in 3 days.It's a Korean BBQ place, but to be honest, their BBQ is probably the worst thing on their menu.  My recommendations:1)  Haemul Jongol (spicy seafood stew) - very very good.  But I'd steer away from this if you're not Korean.2)  Nakchi Bokum (spicy squid dish) - very good.3)  Undegu Chorim (Monk Fish stew) - Awesome4)  Sam Gyup Sal BBQ (meat) - this was good actually, the cuts of meat were tender and thicker than normal.  But stay away from the Gal Bi - the meat was good, but man they totally over-marinated it.  The grill got all burned up with all the sugar and sauce from the meat.5)  Neng Myun (cold noodles) - average, but still good when you're in Vegas heatThe service:From a Korean perspective, it was pretty bad.  They didn't give you any free dishes no matter how much meat you ordered (bad etiquette), and they rolled their eyes when we asked to change our grill (dude).But when you get sick of the overpriced Italian food in Vegas, this place really hits the spot.
5	Oh man. Bulgogi? Yes, please! Shabu-shabu? Yep, yep!I love this Korean BBQ. I'd eat there once a week (minimum) if we could afford it. Little spendy.* It's a nice restaurant -- a great place to take a date for a romantic evening, but also comfortable enough that you could just walk in after a big morning at Home Depot in jeans and a T and no one would bat an eye.The food and service was excellent. I can just feel those beautiful ribbons of beef, sweetly marinated, melting in my mouth. And if you're a vegetarian, fear not -- the side spread they bring out is more than enough to fill your belly if you're dining with carnivorous friends. We went with our very good friend from Japan, Mr.Matsui. He proclaims himself a "master chef," and he went bananas while the young lady tried to help prepare our meats. "No, no, no! Thank you!" he stopped her, then sent her away with a demand of, "More garlic! More garlic, please!" It was quite amusing, and luckily, the girl just laughed about it. Wouldn't have been quite so funny if he'd made her feel bad.I digress. The food's excellent, the service fantastic. I highly recommend this BBQ. It's a little costly (for me), but at Kimchi, you are definitely getting what you pay for.* "Spendy" must be a West Coast thing. I had never, ever heard it in my life back in the Midwest. I did hear one weird one, though. In Wisconsin, they're fond of using "borrow" inappropriately. Example, "Hey, Linds, will you borrow me that book when you're done?" *shudders*
3	Alright.I've eaten here perhaps 5 times over the years, and have always had good meat and good food.Service was also good to excellent.Until this last time.OK - I will add that one guy, who has been our server before on previous visits as well, was just as good as he always has been.  But this other wench.... I feel like going back just to have it out with her!  Rude as can be - and serious attitude adjustment needed.  I am not normally one to be condescending or rude to the waitstaff in any place but once every so often, a person comes along who just makes me want to.... want to.... UGH.  Given the fact that I am Korean myself - - when I  run into one of these people at a Korean establishment, the hatred is intensified.  Considering the fact that many patrons who frequent Kimchi are NOT Korean, one would hope that the owners would take more care to ensure that their waitstaff is up to par with any other good Vegas establishment.Anyhow - aside from this woman, Kimchi is a pretty decent Korean restaurant, open all night long, I think, and that can't be beat.  Just keep in mind - - if you go at 4 AM like I did on a Sunday morning, ask for the guy server and tell that woman that Grace said to keep her at least 10 feet away from your table at all times - and 20 feet away from the food.Banchan is decent and plentiful.... meat is good. The "Al-Jjigae" and "Yook Gae Jang" was also quite good.   I would give it four stars but I'm being awfully generous as I take off only one star for the wench.
4	why didn't anyone tell me how good vodka tonic was?  thanks to caroline y, i am in love with this now.  since none of you were nice enough to share the secret, i wasn't going to write a review about my new discovery, but me being an angel (and they are rare in vegas!!!), i decided to play nice.kimchi serves pretty decent korean food for 24 hours...heavenly for those who need to seal their debauchery nights with some spicy food or wake their drunk ass bodies with hot soup.  i think the staff is used to these kinds of people because their service was wickedly fast and pleasant.  the price is about $2-3 more expensive, but the portion is HUGE.  even i couldn't finish my food.p.s. - don't tell me i am a late bloomer!!!
4	Order two meat items and get dumplings and cold noodles for two for free!  What a deal.  And the panchan number is at 10.  Pretty good.  Most of the meat orders run in the mid-20's.  The portions are on the average side, while the quality is in the upper end.  All the other dishes like sundubu and such run around $10 - 20.  It seems to suffice to order two meats and one other dish for three... unless you have two or more heavy eaters.All in all, I think it is pretty decent deal.  It is especially nice since they are open 24 hours (still true?).Anyway, this place gets busy by 7 or 8pm and you will end up waiting for a while.  It is recommended that you eat early or late.The service is usually okay.  The last time I was there, it might have been rookie night, it was a little slow.  At least they have a button that they can ignore even after you press it.The interior is nice.  Parking is ample.I'm sure there is a better place around, but this is fairly convenient for those in town staying at the Strip, especially for those on the north side of the Strip.  It was the best when the Stardust was still around... I miss the Stardust... sniff.  I don't know that "Echelon" will be much of a replacement.
4	I remember going to Kimuch and I liked their food years ago.  So I brought bunch of my "Fashion Friends" during MAGIC (Las Vegas Fashion tradeshow).When I first entered the restaurant, I had good feeling about the place since 90% of the customers were Korean and Japanese.I ordered bunch of BBQ item- Bulgogi (marinaded sliced beef), Ross Gui (sliced beef without marinade), and Hya Mit Gui (sliced beef tongue) for the table.All the meat tasted tender and fresh.  I really liked Hya Mit Qui.  It was very tender and flavorful.  The sesame oil accompanied the dish was very good quality.All the BBQ dishes came with Man Doo (meat dumplings) and Naengmyeon (cold noodles).  I didn't like neither of these dishes.  The noodles tasted soggy without texture and Man Doo was not flavorful.   My vegetarian friend ordered Jab Chae (fried clear been thread noodle with vegetables) and Bibimba (vegetables and a fried egg on the rice) without meat.  She really enjoyed both of the dishes.I was happy to see they had OB beer which goes very well with Korean BBQ.They also have a private room to seat 15-25 people.  I don't think Kimuchi has the best Korean food nor decor but I defanatly had a great time after having networking / business dinners at "shi shi" Koi / Tao kind of the restaurants every night.
4	I've allllllllllllllways wanted to go to this place... and no one ever wants Korean food at 3 in the morning but my friend was butt drunk and didn't know any better.MUHAHAHAHHAAHHA.So we went, but not after a weird cab ride over there.  The Caucasian driver takes us over.... very nice and very talkative.... Tells us about his YELLOW fever particularly with Koreans... and drops us off....wants us to call him back when we're done to chill more... (yea... .scary).Food...... We both had BiBimBap.... i got the normal one and my buddy got the DolSok one.  Both were HUGE and very filling....Service was great at the butt crack of dawn.  Both the ladies were really nice and spoke English and Korean...... The PanChan was great as well!!!I shall return
4	I've only eaten Korean BBQ twice in my life, and I have never once eaten it at 4 am.  In my drunken state anything would have tasted delicious, and this place sure hit the spot.  I don't really eat the little sides they give us (but that's only because I am super picky) but ate the hell out of meat and rice. Also got to try Korean beer for the first time.   Also hooked us up with some free gyoza but maybe that's because they really seemed to like my Korean friend!It was going to be quite hard to hail a cab back to our hotel this late at night, so one of the waiters gave us a ride back . Nice!
4	The last time I was in Las Vegas, I stumbled upon this restaurant called Kimchi Korean BBQ after clubbing at Drai's Night Club because we were searching something to eat after 4 am.  It was one of the few places open 24/7 and enjoy it a lot. The hostess was this humble Korean lady who was extremely nice. We cooked our own meats and ate kimchi, great way to end the night.
5	So i think the last time i went to Kimchi was when i was 12 or 13? i know that's really young, but i remember there amazing kimchi chigae. I'm not sure if it tastes the same, but that taste still makes my mouth water. My dad got really hungry at like 12am after gambling so he went across the street to get some korean food. He came back thinking he had the food all to himself. Low and behold my mother and i smelled it and devoured it...with my dad of course. Since then i've been trying to find the tastiest kimchi chigae, but all have failed. I'm sure if i went back the taste wouldn't be the same, but if i cross my fingers my wish might just come true.
3	You'll find this Korean bbq restaurant on the northern end of the strip. I've been here multiple times and remember the food being above average. I give the place 3 stars because the service is atrocious. My friends and I dropped by this place on a Thursday night. The restaurant was nearly empty of patrons. We were seated promptly, but it took forever to get our menus, forever for them to take our order, and forever to get our banchan (side dishes). All those forevers equal an ETERNITY ! The food on the other hand was quite good. Not better than the places in or around LA but still good. It is definitely more expensive than LA but it's Vegas so that can be expected. Personally, I'd rather eat here than Ginseng which is just down the strip. So if you're in the mood for some Korean, go here. Just don't expect stellar service and big portions.
4	My friend and I stumbled across this place during our first day on the Strip. From the outside you'll see a few signs from a past sports bar in the space, so it looks like you're entering a place called "Kimchi Sports World." Hilarious! What we didn't think was so funny was that the beef bulgogi was so good that we HAD to go back again before we left! If you're looking for something different on the Strip, you've got to check this place out! The service may be somewhat slow, but the food's great, and it's a nice place to take a break from the over-stimulation of Vegas.
2	Why was the flashing "Sports World Kimchi" sign not enough of an assault on my better judgment, I don't know.  Maybe by Vegas standards, light up signs advertising mediocre food are appropriate, but I'm an LA girl with much higher standards.  I'll give this place 2 stars only because some of my friends liked what they ate, but I'm going to assume it is because they simply don't know any better.  I had the soon tofu, which was BCD level at best (no, I am not a fan of BCD if you don't know my standards), but much more expensive.   As for the seafood pancake thing, it just wasn't right.  The seafood ratio was way off and it was considerably more oily than necessary.  Although I wasn't drinking (had to drive back to LA after dinner), I did notice a pretty well stocked bar.  Then again, maybe you need to drink a lot to make the food there better.
3	Don't let the cheesy "SPORTS WORLD KIMCHI" sign fool ya, This place really serves up some decent Korean fixings off an extensive menu. Though it is a bit pricey considering LA prices.  After checkin out the menu, I opted for sulantang-beef soup. The server told me it was "OUT OF ORDER", so I get yu kaejang instead. And it was good. Decent sized portion. At $13.95, it was kinda worth it. I guess less competition raises up the prices.  The panchan was ok. Not overly impressive.  I do want to come back n try the bbq selections. They all look pretty tasty. And it's a good sized restaurant.  If we had more of these 24/7 kinda places in LA, they'd put Denny's out of business!!! Definitely worth a visit here for some true Asian fixings, not some of that cheesy stuff they serve in the hotels!
2	What was I thinking, going to Vegas and coming out here for dinner. The place was ok, kind of dark from the outside but once inside it's similar to other korean bbq places. The prices were a bit high for Korean bbq, we got tofu soup for $13 and Bulgogi for $27. I thought it better be some good kbbq since we can get AYCE in Koreantown in LA for $16.99. The tofu soup was probably the most bland I have ever tasted. They either did'nt know what they were doing or forgot to add any type of flavor in it. I could cook better at home with a pot of boiling water and some tofu. Huge disappointment. Then comes the meat. It was just ok. Nothing to rave about.I think what I've learned here is to stick to buffets at Vegas. Even if I hate buffets at least I have more things to hate than 2 bland dishes.
3	Vegas just can't seem to get it together when it comes to korean food. Came here and had the bi-bim bap. There was a hefty amount of side vegetables which was good, but the bi bim bap lacked flavor, and there was enough meat. Not to mention it was like 20 dollars. Ive seen better.
1	It's been years since I've been here, but it was deemed necessary (via conversations with my peers) that I post my absolutely heinous experience.I would have to guesstimate that my experience that I'm about to mention is approximately 3 years old, but from the looks of even recent posts; looks like things haven't changed much.We went with a medium sized group (roughly 8 people) for lunch.  The majority of us ordered soups/stews.  I believe that there might have been one that ordered a meat plate.  I ordered the kim~chi soup.  Perhaps this is just me, but you can tell a LOT about an establishment from their kim~chi soup.  The verdict, rather bland.That's not the kicker.  Perhaps they've changed their rules now, but we ordered multiple bowls of rice to supplement our larger than usual appetites and were charged for each bowl  No where were we warned/advised that these additional bowls of rice would come at a cost.  How unprofessional/unethical and downright disreputable.  Who does that?!?  For those not understanding the culture correlation, I would equate this to being charged for requesting additional packets of ketchup to go with your order of french fries.  I would be willing to sympathize with the extra charge had the rice been a special blend, or perhaps a healthier organic version.  But no; we are talking about straight up plain, sticky, white rice.At any rate, any dining establishment who charges for additional "packages of ketchup" without even being forewarned deserves a less than one star rating from me.  Too bad yelp doesn't allow for this.  I'll stick to eating at buffets thanks.
3	Wow the reviews are seriously all over the board on this restaurant, though there aren't that many recent reviews. I actually liked the name of the restaurant. I heard about this place from one of my sales rep's (at Vegas for a convention). Anyways, he was paying for dinner, so I thought I'd try it out.I just went there tonight on the way to the airport so I was in a rush. We had about forty five minutes, so we had to hurry. We had ordered the dwaen-jang-jigae (soy bean paste soup), bul-go-gi (korean bbq beef) and a stone bimbim-bap (basically a korean version of fried rice but with vegetables and a fried egg on top). The soup was pretty tasty actually not your typical version, they added some go-chu jang (red bean paste) instead.  The bul-go-gi was  your typical run of the mill bul-go-gi (though the next tables kalbi short ribs looked and smelled tantalizingly good).  The bimbimbap was also pretty run of the mill and had I not had the extra bulgogi I would have been pretty disappointed. But it was a perfect addition to the bimbimbap.  The banchan (small korean side dishes that usually come with korean meals) were very tasty. We had about 9 small dishes (bean sprouts, kimchi, radish kimchi, spicy potato, fish cakes, spinach/sesame seed leaves, water kimchi, dried anchovies and one more that I just can't seem to remember).  Service was actually pretty good and quick even though the restaurant was pretty full. We were out of there with time to spare.CON:  Price. The price WAS pretty high for what we ordered. It normally would only run about $25-30, but as a fellow small biz owner I understand what they're going through (huge space on the strip). The bill came out to around $55 not including tip. But it's to be expected in Vegas. Isn't everything expensive?Anyways, I'd go again, I really want to try the galbi next time though.
4	I was surprised to find a decent Korean restaurant in Vegas. The name Kimchi World stands for their name because their kimchi was surprisingly delicious. Usually, a lot of Korean restaurants don't have kimchi that taste good however, one of my favorite things about Kimchi World was their kimchi.I tried their dwaen-jang-jigae (bean paste tofu soup) and kimchi jigae and they were both good.I also enjoyed the bibin-nang-myun (spicy vermicelli noodle).I've probably tried this place a handful of times and it never failed me. The upside to this place is it is also 24 hours so it a good late night eatery too.
1	PLEASE, let's not speak of korean food in Vegas.  NOT GOOD, ever!  Especially korean food on the strip?!  Seriously, what was I thinking?!  Food is definitely not memorable and way over priced.  Service was absolutely appalling and it was the first & only place I ever left a penny for tip.Maybe go when you get to the point of Fear & Loathing Las Vegas to torture yourself more.
4	A 24 hour Korean BBQ!? It is located in the strip mall right behind the Encore Hotel. My Hubby and I wanted a little midnight snack before we went back to the hotel for the night. We came here on a Monday night and this place was still hopping! We ordered the Bulgogi and 2 sides of rice. It came with a variety of side dishes including, bean curd, seaweed, tiny fishes, a warm potato salad, a brocolli salad, a salad with a vinegarette, and of course the Kim Chee! Yum! Everything was delicious from the side dishes to the bulgogi! The prices are a bit on the higher side, but it's Vegas right? I wouldn't expect anything less!
4	Seems always the last thing we have in our stomachs before with leave the city of sin is the Korean Beef Tang Soup from Kimchi. Located at the end of the strip past encore we've shown up at 7 in the morning after a hard night's work.It is by no means cheap eats but when you need something comforting and need to skip that burger the soup will satisfy your sinful soul, and help soak up some of that alcoholThey even have a "taxi" (some guy with a minivan) if you need to get home, but i think it only works if you can speak korean.
3	It was past 1 AM and we had a friend in town who was really hungry so the almighty yelp came to the rescue. We opted to come here and made the trek from our part of town. Started the meal with Hite beer & hot barley tea [served in a plastic water cup, which I found odd?]. Our friend was stoked on the galbi, so on his recommendation we got an order and he got the bulgogi. I ordered the Soon tofu soup, or the spicy seafood and tofu soup. It came out boiling like mad, which was a nice touch. We opted to cook at our table, so the waitress brought the grill to our table & lit it up. She brought the banchan on a cart fairly quickly- candied anchovies, braised sweet potatoes, kimchi, sprout salad, pickled zucchini/squash, lettuce with a vinegarette & pepper flakes, and fish cakes plus a bowl of rice. She threw the meat on the grill and left us to dig in. We did have a few minor issues- it took her several trips to the table for us to get a straw and another glass. Once cooking, the meats made up for the service issues. The bulgogi was tender, coated with marinade and well-marbled. The galbi was really good- the fat marbling every piece beautifully. When putting it on the grill she unrolled a long thin slice and cut it with scissors, stripping the meat off the bone. Our friend said it was better than the meat he gets on the east coast though the prices were also a lot higher. My soon tofu was tasty, but the large bowl came with 3 tiny little clams and the mussels were absolutely tiny. We waited a long time for our bill, too. A woman and a couple came in while we were eating, and the woman was in and out long before we got our bill- and there was 3 of us downing 2 orders of meat- portions that were generous for 1 but didn't last long at all with 3 hungry people. This being my first time having korean BBQ, I don't have anything to compare to this experience but the waitress generally seemed unenthusiastic about serving us and after reading the other reviews it seems that we could have had a much better time. We definitely didn't get any mandoo or noodles and she seemed like she really didn't want to come by our table much at all. It was pretty late, but even so there really wasn't that much going on. The bar area of the restaurant was being remodeled, but it's understandable that they have to do it whenever they can since the place is open 24 hours. Also, there's a giant football outfront, so I'm guessing they're billing themselves as a sports bar/restaurant. Overall- the food was tasty, but I wouldn't know if there's better, so I can't jump up and down over it. Our friend liked it, but didn't like the price. For 3 people with 2 orders of meat and 1 order of soup & 1 beer we paid over $80. I'm definitely looking to try some new places before I go back here again to get a better idea of what to expect, but it's worth trying and our friend thought it was tasty. It just might be a better idea to go during daylight hours.
2	It's not what I remembered it to be, $45/person? And we were still hungry at the end? And we didn't even get much alcohol? We paid 50 bucks for kalbi? That wasn't even all that great to begin with? WOW! Still the restaurant of choice when my and the girlfriend comes.
4	For the past few years whenever I visit Vegas I always make it a point to stop here. It's not a fancy smanchy place but it's has decent korean food. Service has been okay. I think it has  just varied on who the server was. But to be honest service is not always that great when I go to an asian place. I think it's just a culture difference and not them trying to be rude. But that's not to say they are rude here. They are just a little slow and not to attentive. But when you catch their attention they're cool.Their pahn chan (side dishes/kimchees) are pretty decent. It's nothing to write home about about but I enjoy it enough to not look for another korean spot.Tae ji Bul gogi - (bbq pork) It's pretty good, and their chi- gaes (soups) are pretty good too.I'll be back again. This place is right off the strip near the hotels like Encore, Wynn & Circus Circus.
1	Ok I order cold noodle and ribs, even i can make it better, just bad! Service is horrible!!!....very pricy.  Not recommend!!! I wish I had hotel buffet or good sushi! Yesterday I went island style restaurant that i found,   Just try island style restaurant, they are so good and good price!!!Two thumb down for this place, he'll NO!!!!
5	It's been a summer tradition for my family to take a vacation every summer to Vegas ever since I can remember.. My dad's company holds a convention there every year and we always make it a point to go as family vacation together..A couple of years ago, my mom had some really bad cravings for Kimchi and all the spicy Korean food and she made me rummage through the Yellowbook for some near-by Korean restaurants from the strip.This place is located WALKING DISTANCE from Encore and The Wynn.They have both regular seats and BBQ grill seats as well as a BAR. Their food is also pretty good, we've tried almost everything from BBQ meats to soft tofu soup as well as their Kalbi-Tang and Yuk-gae-jang to fried pot stickers and the rice and veggies in a stone hot pot.Sometimes they get SUPER busy, especially during BIG convention times so it would be smart to always CALL in advance to make an appointment when you're there in the summer..+1 for GOOD FOOD+1 good service, sometimes they give us "freebie" dishes haha*and NO i'm NOT talking about those ban-chan dishes Korean places ALWAYS serve.+1 spacious, nice interior+1 for being so close to the strip+1 convenient call-taxi service*they will either call one in advance for you or if you speak korean, you can try to negotiate a ride with the Korean tour guide business people next door hehe.
4	Had their Kalbi Tang.  Good quality, not very greasy like I've had at other restaurants.  Good Banchan.Looked to be a bit pricey on their BBQ menu, but good quality and close to TI.
2	It was late at night in Vegas and we decided to have some Korean food instead.  The food is okay, but it was a little overpriced according to their portion.  Be prepared to pay 15% gratuity if you have 4 or more people.  "All you can eat BBQ" was not bad for just $20, but have to finish it in an hour.
3	Came here for dinner, and it was empty. Perhaps because it was pretty early. They're open 24 hours. Ordered the all you can eat, and I must say nothing was really impressive. I only liked the first batch of bulgogi, the second and third batches, didn't taste the same. After my family and I started to eat, then more customers began to walk-in. The place is very clean, service is very good too. The food was just okay, including the ban chan skipped lunch that day, so I ate a ton of the food. I probably wouldn't come back, there has to be a better Korean barbecue place than this. Oh and pretty pricey for all you can eat $19.99 per person!
5	This same night, I went to Freakin' Frog and Hustler. Sufficed to say, I was hammered. Shmammered. Three sheets to the wind.9 of us got to Kimchi and got stuck in a corner. We were loud and obnoxious, and our waitress was working very hard. I want to get this out of the way first. By the end of the night, my friend was hitting the bell on the table that calls the waitress over (on a related note, there's a bell on the table in the form of a light switch that makes a noise to page the waitress) and she literally came RUNNING every time. He kept hitting it as a joke since we questioned his manhood, and eventually she got angry and started making fake angry hand gestures at him. She was a great sport, though, and we tipped well. Great dining experience.So, it was a food orgy. I left the ordering to a friend of mine and he did a great job. We had all kinds of delicious meat, veggies, soups, beers. The food was well prepared and delicious, nowhere near as bland as Honey Pig.I'll DEFINITELY come back here, I really enjoyed it. Don't go to Honey Pig, Kimchi blows it out of the water.
3	If you are looking for GREAT Korean, this is the place. Strip Mall setting is pretty poor, but the food is very authentic.Very good service, extra clean. I will come again!!!
4	I'm a big fan of this restaurant.  It is situated in a questionable area on the end of the strip.  So, if you can get passed that notion, then you won't regret visiting this establishment.  The service is somewhat slow since there seems to be only a few waitresses on staff every time we visit, hence the 4 star rating.  The BBQ on the other hand is deee-lish!  We will continue to have this restaurant on our "favorites" list.
3	The first time we ate here was 8 years ago and I would've given it a 5 star back then.  The restaurant was only half the size it is now, was very intimate, food super good and the sides were the best part.  They brought out 7 or 8 different sides in different bowls that were so good and well thought out.  We've been a couple more times since then but this was our fist time back in a few years.Now it's turned into a Vegas buffet.  You get up to get the side dishes that have been exchanged for quantity not quality.  We ordered an all you can eat option and without me thinking clearly I had actually wanted the Kalbi plate and that didn't come with my option.  That was my own fault but the bulgogi was good, chicken okay, pork belly okay -they actually burned that, and the other beef was good.  They forgot about us a lot, kept turning our burner up then burnt our food, then down and would take forever to cook.  Finally our last round of meat they switched shifts and the second lady to help did good.  Again over all it was okay.  They really lost quality and customer service.
2	Went here when a Casino Host suggested this place...I believe the host must know the owner or have some ties with them which is fine.  Disappointment is the word I would use because this place is huge and the tables are nice with hi-tech ventilation systems.  It started with the soup that comes with the meal (traditional korean seaweed soup Mi yuk guk) that was spoiled.  Both my children fell ill when they ate this which ruined dinner for them and us.The meat that came out was fatty telling me it was cheaper low quality meat.  I asked if they had better cuts of meat (gal bi) and the waitress brought another plate but of the same fatty meat at double the price.  The guests that were with us were all non-korean and seemed to enjoy the food but of course they do not eat Korean BBQ often.  For me, I found myself  acquainting this establishment with the low quality All-you-can-eat places in Los Angeles or Orange County.The upside is this place is open 24 hours a day, service was fair, and I'm sure they don't always serve spoiled soup.  But once you get my kids sick with your food, I'm done with you.  So...I'm done.
3	Didn't eat here for the all you can eat! Place is alright! Next time I'll have to do all you can eat! Just went here for soup.
4	We come here just about every time we're in Vegas (sometimes more than once) and I know I can always count on a great meal. This is real deal authentic Korean food. I know cause I'm Korean but you can also tell because at least 60% of the customers are Koreans whenever you go there. Also, the place has at least tripled in size over the years so they must be doing something right. Prices are bout average for quality Korean food (which means not cheap but worth it). their traditional cook at your table bbq beef dishes. If you need a hangover cure after a night of intoxication, try the Yook-ke-jang, a spicy beef noodle soup guaranteed to sweat all of the poisons out of you. Finally, last time we ere there, they had new setup where all of the 'banchan' (tadtional side dishes) were on an all you can eat buffet. Works for me.
2	The last two times i have been to Vegas i have come here for their AYCE KBBQ. I came across this place because my friends and i had just left XS en route to the peppermill for breakfast foods and in the corner of my eye i saw the bright sign that said 24hr AYCE BBQ. Needless to say.... we flipped a U and pulled into the parking lot for some grub.I am probably not the best judge for this place because both times i visited i was under the influences of alcoholic beverages. However i can say with confidence that the meal was alright. For 4am AYCE KBBQ it definately hit the spot. On both visits i pretty much order the same typical meat selection. I have to say that i did like the dressing on the salad that they served us however the steam eggs were hit or miss. The first time i went the eggs were perfect and fluffy and the second time they were overcooked to say the least. This is not the best KBBQ i have ever had and to be honest it doesnt come close to the best, but so midnight post party eating i say its pretty good. The 2 things that turned me off are as follows:A friend and i had asked to split the tab with two credit cards and the host split the charges but used my card twice. So basically my card was changed the entire meal. Not a big deal because my friend just gave me cash but it was kind of annoying. We asked the host to call us a cab which turned out to be like a friend/family member/owner of the place. The driver tried to overcharge us for the ride back to our hotel and when we objected he gave us a more reasonable price. Who did he think we were?? Vegas Newbs??? Sorry mister... its does not cost more than $20 bucks to drive a few blocks in Vegas.
3	hmmm... I'm really on the fence about this place... I don't really have anything negative to say... but, theres just something off.  The food? BOMB!  I lived in Korea for a year or so and they have a very authentic taste here... that is, except for (of course) the Sam Gyup Sal, which is what I always order if the restaurant has it.  Which NEVER happens in my hometown.Anyway, its still good eats, just not seasoned the same...Now, the reason for the 3 stars? The "all-you-can-eat" for 22.00 bucks, while some might consider expensive, is fairly priced for a city that has no problem charging me 12 dollars for a mojito.  However, its kind of scam-like...First off, everyone at the table has to order all you can eat.  So If you and your 90 pound cousin go in there, sorry kiddo, youre gaining weight today!Secondly, The waitresses only bring out one persons meat at a time... so if you go with four people, all order different meats, a couple different things can happen:        A. Yours comes first (hooray! right?... WRONG)  All your friends are gonna eat your meat (so to speak), since what they ordered didnt come out yet, and the waitress will serve it to them too!!       B. Yours comes out last, and youre already full from playing Vulture Boy on all your buddies food.Lastly,  there's a one hour time limit on the all you can eat... we sat at a table with six people one time, and the last person didnt even get there order!!  Wow.So, in closing, great food, weird rules, take it for what it is.  Korean food is best served drunk, Cheers!dRe'
4	24 kbbq.. thats whats up!!
1	If I can give 0 stars, I truly would. And I'm not being a hater, I'm just being real. I guess if you're not Korean this place might be eatable, but I came here after a long weekend in Vegas with 10 of my Korean friends and we were so disgusted, we even took a picture with the restaurant to remind us for future reference: do not come here.Service is awesome. The waitresses were very attentive and friendly, so if it was based on service alone--Id give this place 5 stars. But I just can't bring myself to give this place anything but 1 star (and that's only because Yelp forces this upon me).The food, amazingly gross.  Everything was too bland or the taste was too "off." I'm used to some authentic Korean food (living in LA) and I couldn't believe the owner actually lets the customer eat food that tastes like... that.  We even had to send in couple of our orders back because it was just so bad.  I barely touched my food but the tea and pineapples were good.  This place charges a lot for their food.  A dish I can get in LA for $4 cost about $13 here, but it's understandable because it's in Vegas and they can charge that much.  I suppose people who aren't familiar with Korean food can find this place appealing (according to the all the stars I'm seeing.... very surprised, might I add) but if you're Korean and you just want some Korean dish after a weekend of alcohol and American food, DO NOT, I repeat DO NOT come here.I really wish I loved this place, and I wish I can say it's like a hidden gemstone, but I can't. Boohoo.
4	Amazing. The food is outstanding. The service is even better. The women here are incredibly sweet, and very attentive. If you're unsure how to cook the fook at your table they'll do it for you. All you can eat bulgogi, and the amazing pork belly is best served with a bottle of sojo. The only real complaint I have is the price. The all you can eat for $22 only lasts an hour so you really have to power through. And the sojo is $15, but it's the same all around Vegas.
4	We were invited to try this place by my girlfriend's family, so I thought it would be a good chance to introduce my family to Korean food. I tend to eat a little more adventurously than my parents and sometimes it can be a challenge to get people to try new things.  This restaurant is located on the Vegas Strip in a small strip mall. It's very unassuming and as we walked in we were greeted in Korean (well I assume it was a friendly greeting as everyone smiled and we were seated). There are grills at the table and a buffet type bar for the kimchi and other sides that go with your meal. We ordered galbi (ribs) and bulgolgi (beef). Both were quite tasty. They were well seasoned and there was plenty of food to go around. They both had their own unique flavors, so I appreciated that as well.  So much so that I ate enough for the rest of the day and it was only 1pm.  We all enjoyed ourselves and then a cold noodle soup came out that was amazing. It contained noodles, and egg among other ingredients. It has a very nice citrus flavor that was perfect for the warm day. I totally wish I could remember the name of it. Needless to say, I went from stuffed to meal skipping full. Tip: This place is open 24/7. Enough said.It is a little pricy, but when you are eating all you can handle, I would definitely recommend eating here.
4	$29.99 or $37.99 All You Can Eat Korean BBQ? Yes please! The $29.99 level gives you a selection of 7 different meats: like galbi, samgyeopsal, beef tongue, large intestine (which is an expensive delicacy in Korean), chadolbegi, bulgogi and more. The $37.99 level gives you even more options. What surprised me is the quality. Everything was extremely fresh and delicious. They also have self-serve side dishes. One of my favorite Korean restaurants in Vegas.
2	We came here with couple of friends and was not happy.  My friends all ordered the all you can eat for $22 bucks....which is great for Las Vegas. I was already full so I ordered a cold noodle ( I did not like it at all). The bbq were decent (according to my friends).  We were satisfied with the food/service overall until the end.  They brought out meat when we asked and we had to cook it ourselves which is fine.My friend paid with a credit card (not sure how much he put on the tips) but the waitress came back and demanded more tips.  She said it was policy to tip 15% minimum since we had 4 people. She told him to cross out the total and re-do it. I didnt know there was such policy since tips should be earned and not demanded.  Although 15% to 20% is norm, it should still not be demanded.  She made us feel real bad and embarrassed us. Not coming back again.
3	My friends and I ate at this place during EDC weekend since it was around the corner from our hotel, had AYCE Korean BBQ lunch for $22, and we were hot (104 degrees out) and starving after a night of dancing.You have two choices: $22 for about 10 meat choices, or $36 for about 16 meat choices. We didn't really know what any of those extra 6 were, so we went with the cheaper option. From those choices, you can order as many as you want, and they bring out plates of raw meat (along with a salad with a vinaigrette that was decent). The servers walk around and help you grill your meat, cutting it up, flipping things, and also putting more on any empty grill space. This bothered us since we were getting full fast, but we learned it's to keep the grill from getting blackened and getting char on the next meat you cook.The meat all looked fresh and tasted great. There was a ton (and you get charged for excessive leftovers) so we left very full.My main reasons for not a glowing review were:Our server was never there when we needed her, most of the time we ended up asking someone else who was passing by for things. And it was not busy, maybe two other tables were there.The buffet of basic sushi rolls and raw and marinated vegetables was really limited. There was one soup with large chunks of potatoes and carrots that was delicious but the selection was really small compared to other buffets.One thing we really liked was even though when you order a soda, they bring you a can and a glass of ice, it's included in the AYCE price (as many as you can drink).
4	Was so stoked to find a Korean restaurant in Las Vegas. After driving around using my Yelp app, we stumbled upon this gem in the dessert ;)First impressions:-Huge dining area, can seat a ton of people at once...We arrived at the same time that a busload of Korean tourists showed up. We thought we'd have to wait to be seated but totally didn't!-Very expensive menu...at first look. HOWEVER, it includes a Korean bar that has tons of veggies, soup, sushi, and kimchee...so it made it worth it.-The quality of the meat was actually very good, despite it being all-you-can-eat. I've been to these kinds of places and you usually sacrifice quality for the amount you get. But not here. Every bite was delicious.The only thing that bothered me was that it was so busy that we had to wait over 5 minutes for water after we started eating and the food was very salty so it kinda made it hard to eat. I had to go to the kitchen and ask for water. But they were super nice about it and were more attentive after that.I LOVED this place and would most definitely return for more yummy goodness.
2	worse than dog food :(
5	price, taste, menu...everything great!
4	Last time I was in Vegas about 4 months ago, my boyfriend kept telling me we needed to go to the KBBQ place on the end of the strip. We never got a chance, so this past weekend we definitely had to try it.It was $22 per person for the cheaper AYCE option. We got brisket, chicken, and bulgogi. The banchan are AYCE, too, and are in a buffet style. Totally Vegas! They had radish, sweet potato (OMG SOO GOOD!), fish cake, kimchi, sushi, sooo much! This place is called kimchi and to be honest has DELICIOUS kimchi! I could have been happy with just that. It was perfect and not overly spicy or vinegary. The brisket had a lot of fat on it. I ended up taking most of it off. It was also pretty thick, so none of the fat burned off. Chicken was good, but I usually don't like chicken at KBBQ. Bulgogi was really good! They give you two sauces: a soy sauce type one and a sesame oil/salt/pepper sauce. They were both sooo good! I really enjoyed this place. The only problem was that the service was either super slow or nonexistent. I could tell they didn't have a lot of staff for such a busy place, but by taking that out of the picture, I would give it 5 stars. I'll definitely come back when I'm in Vegas next time!
4	confusing.  I see people walk in and walk out. the don't get it.   well its becuase they advertise on the front as a "buffet" and when you walk in, you dont see the traditional tables full of food. you have to order the meat and the sides are "all you can eat".  it was good and I would go back.
4	The quality of meats is good here. The staffs are so friendly and attentive. Banchan is good especially the raw spicy squid. However,the bok bun ja ju(Korean fruit/cherry wine) is quite expensive-$18 for a bottle. The great thing about this restaurant is it open 24 hrs. So if you just finished working or feeling like have some hot soup after drinking.this restaurant is recommended.
1	If you want  authentic Korean food, don't go there.The side dishes and entree was either bland or too sweet. I guess being on the strip they must have decided to make the food sweet to appeal to non-Koreans (especially Japanese). That was the only logical conclusion I can think of because Korean food should not be sweet.The kimchee hot stone pot rice came out warm with kimchee juice still on the bottom. So, I told them to take it back. It came back 10 min. Later. Still not right and warm-it should be sizzling. My soy bean (den Jang chee gae) was too sweet as well as bland. So, I called the manager but the waitress never called one for me. So, I complained to her that it was one of the worst Korean food I've had in a long time.  I am visiting from los angeles, which has one of the best Korean restaurants outside of Korea. So, I think I know what I am talking about.It's so sad because I was here for super bowl Sunday. It was not bad. They must have change the cooking concept since to attract the non-Koreans. If I was alone, I would have cancelled the order and walked out.Trust me, stay away unless you like your food bland and sweet.There are better Korean restaurant. I think Ginsang on the south side on the strip is better. The Korean restaurant on the strip pass the Stratosphere is better. The Korean restaurant in the old shopping center on Sahara, north of the strip is better.
5	Kimchi Korean BBQ all you can eat is amazing!!!!!The meat is so fresh, and the setting of the restaurant is clean and comfortable. I don't feel greasy or smell like BBQ when we finish- which is important to me because while in Vegas who wants to smell like meat?!The all you can eat BBQ is only 22....and it includes everything. The waitress we had was nice enough to do a combination of meats for us instead of just one. Their side dishes, soup, salad and fruits are fresh and delicious too.Our waitress also helped us cooked the meat and with perfect timing! Soda is kind of expensive (but so is the rest of Vegas), which is $2.50 per can. Overall I'd go again for sure!
4	Went with some Korean friends and was impressed.  But a better indicator was that my friends were as equally impressed.  All you can eat option was great we barley made it back to the casino we were so full.
4	We were actually on our way to Orchard Buffet for lunch when we passed by this place located in the plaza across from the Walgreen's.  Orchard Buffet or Korean BBQ?  Of course when you're as hungry as us, you'd want all you can eat Korean BBQ!  Next door was Rock and Roll Sushi, which also had all you can eat sushi, I think.  However, BBQ was what we were craving.  We were greeted right away and seated promptly.  Our favorite seats are the booths in front of the televisions.  The buffet has banchan, usually including: pickled radish, pickled pickles, kimchi, mul-kimchi, spinach, sprouts, fish cakes, wakame, some other type of seaweed side, potato salad, corn, sweet potato, sushi, inari, fresh cut fruit...  The all-you-can-eat has two options a $21 and a $35 option which includes more types of meat.  We ordered the pork briskets (sanggeupsal), thin sliced beef, (chaddeolbaeggi) and cubed beef (jumulleok).  I won't say how many orders we ordered but, like most Korean bbq places, we made sure we got our onions, fresh garlic cloves, peppers, and dipping sauces, saamjjang, and lettuce for wraps.  That day they had "Birthday Soup" or miyukgook (seaweed soup), which coincided to be my birthday weekend!  The second time we went they had radish and beef soup.  The latter was definitely better and more flavorful.  Service was great... every time we were finished eating or cooking the current meat, they came by to get the next order.  We also ordered the Mool Nengmyung (Cold Broth Buck-wheat Noodle Soup) there.  They will split it in two if you ask for one order.  It is a huge amount.... served with ice shavings, Asian pear, cucumbers, and boiled egg.  I'm a bit picky on broth, which was okay, not great.  Both times we went, service was great, food was excellent.  and I'd recommend it and hope it's still there when I go back.  Wish there was Korean Karaoke nearby.   If you're wondering where on the strip it is... it's near the Encore, before the Riviera.    Almost as good as our all you can eat Korean BBQ in Chicago with MUCH MUCH BETTER SERVICE!!!!  I swear if service sucks and food is good, it takes me at least a year to even think about going back to a place.  In a city of Tourism and hospitality, they better have good service.  Agreed?  Agreed.
5	This place totally rocks! We didn't do the all you can eat and just ordered kalbi a la carte which was pretty good.  What really stood out to me was the side dishes bar and the service.  I love that I could get as many side dishes as I wanted and they even had my favorite side dish there (not sure what it's called but it's a long green veggie in a spicy sauce). The service was also amazing. Our waitress was not only very sweet but she also cooked the whole time (the places I'm used to just cook in the beginning and then let you handle the rest).  If you're Asian, you know that good service at Asian restaurants is not common so I was happily surprised.They also give you the steamed egg side dish which I love.  In addition, we ordered the seafood pancake which was not so good but overall, I'll still give the place 5 stars.  I'll be back for sure next time I visit Vegas again!
1	Tried to go to Kimchi last night (hiked all the way from the Mirage) and found the doors chained shut by the health department for code violations...  We used to really enjoy this place when staying across the street at the now gone Stardust.
4	Came here while in Vegas and it was a pretty good restaurant. The side dishes are good and so are the dishes in general. The service was good and the waitresses were really cute ajummas lol Nice and clean! A good place to come if you are craving some old fashioned korean bbq!
4	Hidden in a cove away at one end of the strip, this place knows how to BBQ. The service was superb, ajummas that are like your auntie who cook the yogi (meat) for you. What was most memorable was the banchan bar (side dishes). It a is self serve station. From the regular korean banchans to california rolls baked sweet potatoes. Definitely provided unique side dishes. After eating at all the vegas strip buffets and even michelin star restaurants, I found that Korean BBQ will always win. Will be returning here next time I visit the sin city.
3	What kind of place sets a time limit on AYCEKBBQ? 1 hour to stuff yourself silly and get your money's worth before time's up. Well, I can discuss more about it since my family and I didn't do the AYCE option since we were a bit fed up with the numerous buffets we've had at the strip.The menu has your simple, standard Korean fare. The banchan is self-serve, so you can load up as much kimchi as you please. I ordered the hwenengmyun (cold buckweat noodles with slices of skate fish, spicy red sauce drizzled on top, and the usual trimmings for other nengmyuns) and it was delicious. Big portions, but still managed to finish it. Usually, they give you WARM yook-su (beef broth) to "wash it all down", but I was given ICE COLD yook-su, which some crushed ice and all. My Korean mother shook her head for the incompetence.I'll hand it to them that their food is decent in Korean standards, but it BARELY made the cut.
3	Very good Korean food. If you like meat then order the all you can eat plater
3	Last time I came here, the Wynn hotel was not here.this place has changed a lot.the food is a bit on the salty side.maybe it was the batch we have received.its not a bad place.I'm from la so I'm very picky with Asian food. it is 24 hours. Don't really plan on coming back.the China town here has a lot to offer
1	After living in Korea, I want to say that this was the worst Korean food I've ever eaten. Not only is it horrendously overpriced, but the service is dissimilar and slow. All Korean restaurants offer side dishes to the main course, and this does not. How can you call a place 'Kimchi' when you don't even offer it?I suggest you stay away. It's not worth the time or money.
2	Just finished dinner and writing in hotel room.  Its within walking distance of Venetian and right next to Encore.  Don't go around sunset, cause the sun shines straight into the restaurant, they don't have decent shades, and do not turn up the AC so it is hot like an armpit inside around sunset.  Some wierd things:1.  Its serve yourself banchan.  Some of the items were really tasty, but the kimchee at Kimchi is really mediocre.  We ordered kimchee chigae and the kimchee they used was like old, and mushy, and the broth very little flavor.I guess the self serve concept is okay, and I think its so you will fill up before the meat comes out.  Just don't spill on the way back to the table.2.  Kalbi was REALLY fatty, and way too sweet.  The pork belly was fine, no "pork" smell and otherwise unremarkable.3.  Service was wierd, the waiter kept turning our fire down, while the waitress kept turning it higher.4.  They have a menu which has some rolls, like California, but then they have the rolls at the banchan buffet, so don't order separately.Overall, a very mediocre experience.  I'm not trying to compare with L.A., its just the food was just not up to par, period.  If I only ever experienced Korean BBQ in Vegas, this would not be my go to place.There was a great taco place right on the strip, near the entrance to the mall where Kimchi is, and IT WAS PACKED.  Unfortunately, I just finished eating and couldn't choke down another bite.  But, the tacos looked fantastic, and those crowds can't be wrong.
1	My wife and I have gone there a few times. The last time that we where there I asked for a glass if water. The waitress walked over to the bar and grabbed the 2 used glasses of water that she pulled off a table. That people were drinking out of. then she put a little ice in it and brought it to me. OMG!!!!. my wife and I eat on the strip all most nightly....  I will never go there again
1	I was very disappointed with this place. It wasn't disgusting but the bulgogi was lacking in flavor and the buffet bar sucked.  None of the meat had any seasoning.  I love korean BBQ but this place was nowhere near good.  For over $30 a plate i expect to eat delicious food.  Ill stick to the yummy korean bbq places in LA never again will i eat at this restaurant.
3	I enjoyed it for it's pricing.Plus it had other authentic Korean dishes.
5	Great Korean food on the far end of the strip.  The kimchi bar has a good variety and quite tasty.
3	I would come here for that turnip soup they have at the bar. Other wise, expect typical Korean faires here. Nothing special.
2	i ONLY come here when i visit las vegas with my parents. if i don't come with my parents i refuse to eat here....why?BECAUSE THIS PLACE IS A RIP OFF!!!this place sells average korean food for a crap load of money! for instance, soon doo boo in la is 8.99? here its a whopping 13.99!!! HUH!!???also, normally all you can eat bbq is around 23 with tax? but here? its 30 dollars! HUHHHHH?????????!!!!it just doesnt make sense to me......
4	Hae Jang Gook was pretty decent.
1	If you've ever been to Korea, you will be nothing short of disappointed. To begin with, it is terribly overpriced. You could get five times the food in Korea at the same price as this place. Soju is criminally expensive, and to top it off, the meat is poor quality. None of the standard side dishes are served, and the service is minimal at best. Do not waste your money or time.
3	Good food and service but very pricey! if your willing to spend then its a good place to eat , 30$ alll you can eat you choose your own side dishes which are alright. the Bulgogi is there best meat and the short ribs. Service was great very helpful and they love helping you cook the meat. The reason i gave it a three was that at the end of the meal after paying 100$ for three al you can eat , the cashier/server harassed me why didn't i leave a tip that it was mandatory ,which was very unappreciate i was going to leave the tip but the fact that i was told i had to made me not do it
5	It's 8 am. Breakfast food just isn't appealing. The call of South Korea beckons once more, memories of long ago bringing ideas through my head. Oh, hi there 24 hour Korean BBQ restaurant!The service is absolutely wonderful. They had great suggestions and helped my still groggy self get things cooked properly. My buddy joining me for the morning was a complete novice to Korean anything and ended up a total fan as well. Don't worry about all you can eat. The regular orders have better choices and are plenty of food. When the waitress heard that my friend had never tried Korean food before and was enjoying the galbi and tastes of my spicy bulgogi, she offered a plate of regular bulgogi for us to split as well on the house. Reminded me of how warm and friendly Korea really can be.They have bottles of Hite which is perfect for the food. I can't bring myself to buy $14 soju after what it costs in Korea.Perhaps it's another case of right place, right time. All I know is that I was more than happy with this kind of breakfast.
1	Avoid this place... I came here with a friend late night and sat down. Looked at the AYCE (all you can eat) menu and it was like $34.99 or was it $35.99 per person! So we left before ordering (as we did, we got bad mouthed from one of the Korean ladies in Korean...) so I can't say for the quality of the food. This place was a complete ghost town, and we were the only customers in here by the way! That alone tells me the place isn't all that great.I moved to Vegas not too long ago from Los Angeles, and this is a complete rip off! A good LA Korean BBQ AYCE charges $14.99 - $19.99 (for premium meats). I understand that this place is open 24/7 and is located right on the strip, right past the "WYNN" on Las Vegas Blvd. The prices they charge screams to me "Tourist Trap".I would never come here or take my friends here. There are so many better ones that are fairly priced in "Spring Mountain" china town area.
3	Fun to cook your own, all you can eat for $27.95 with 1 hour limit. 6 or 7 different options (brisket, bulgogi, belly, tongue). Cold bar with lots of kim chee, a few sushi, potato salad, seaweed salad. Servers are very helpful with helping to cook and are attentive.
4	First timers and my friend's first experience with k-BBQ! We got here around 7PM on a Sunday night. It wasn't busy. It was nice and quiet. We order bulgogi between 2 ppl and kimchi soup. Wow! It was delicious!!! The service was also good. We did have to go get all of the side dishes ourselves, but that wasn't much of an issue.
3	It's an actual Korean restaurant on the strip.  Pricing is good.  However, its a bit lazy.  For example, banchan is served via an all you can eat bar.   That's all well and fine, but it doesn't really give a Korean experience.  I ordered the Soon Tofu which didn't come bubbling as I would have liked.  Service was okay.
4	Pricey but worth it. In a city full of AYCE options at every major hotel, I am glad that Kimchi exists. It is probably because of the thousands of Asian tourists that flock to sin city every day.For $28, you get all the usual Korean meats that you grill on your own. Chadol, bulgogi, galbi...love it! You pick your side dishes from the buffet table. Kimchi executes Asian comfort foods very well.Service needs improvement. The girl at the front deliberately ignored us for a while before seating us. I have to flag somone down every time we need more meats.
3	24 hr AYCE, came in at around 11:30 pm or so on a Thursday night. Nothing super special about this place. It wasn't super special, but there's not a bad thing I could really say about this place either. Meats were good, the bulgogi marinade was actually sweeter than what I'm used to. Not a bad taste, but good. Just didn't wow me that's all. What's cool though is they have a buffet of their sides so you can help yourself to more sides as you wish, and not have to bug the waitress to get more for you everytime. Customer service was fine, the waitress was attentive to us. I've never been here before, I may come back again. But I like trying out different KBBQ places.
3	I don't really remember because I was drunk as FUCK. I know I ordered All You Can Eat and it was like 3am and I was wasted and barely ate anything but I do know it tasted good. Okay there. =)
4	This place is hella expensive! But then again, it's still all you can eat amazing-ness. They have a huge range of different meats and also have a really clean and nice looking place. The downside to this place is that the service was horrendous (although very nice people). They would put the meat on the table grill themselves and then leave, leaving me unsure as to whether I'm supposed to continue the cooking myself or wait for her to come back. So I did it myself and then she came back and finished it. Regardless of that con, it's a great place to eat out at night, especially since it's open 24 hours!
3	This place is closer to the end of strip, near circus circus.  The prices are crazy expensive for what you get.  Granted this place is on the strip, but for kimchee jji gae priced at $12.95 for lunch? You can the same taste and size in ktown LA for $6.95.  IDK, maybe cuz they have to drive their ingredients in or something?? BUT not really worth it.  There is a side dish bar with CA rolls and fruits and different types of kimchee, hence the name of the restaurant, but for the prices they charge you?  There are other korean restaurants in vegas now, so go there instead...  The parking is whatever. There's back parking but be careful ladies, late night danger lurks there, so park near the front.  Also, when going to their restrooms, make sure you're NOT afraid of roaches, cuz there were a couple sitting on the toilet seat. *GROSS...  Also, make sure to look at your food, cuz flies fly around and like to sit on your food and with the open side dish bar, no one seems to notice the flies kicking it there until one their restaurant GUESTS has to shoo it away... we just didn't touch the ones we saw with flies... granted, the ones we DID eat, could have had some infestation... but I don't wanna think about that... *shiverall in all, go at your own risk... food is alright for what you pay for...
3	We found this place by accident.  Decided to give it a try.  First thing I noticed is, there were a lot of Koreans eating dinner.  That is always a good sign.  We were a little taken aback by the prices.  25.99 for bulgogi!  We both ordered the bulgogi and an order of fried dumplings for 9.99.  They cooked the meat right at the table.  The lady was very polite and answered all our questions.  We have been to Korea and this place had some of the best kimchi we have tasted in Las Vegas.  The bulgogi and dumplings were pretty good, too.  The portions were huge!  It was enough to feed 4 people.  The only major complaint I would have is once your food is cooked, the waitress disappears.  They don't check back in with you.  I had to flag her down to get a refill in my drink.
1	Such a bad place... hella msg, bad service, everthing was self but charged 18% wth????
3	This restaurant was unique because people get whatever side dishes they want from a counter (buffet style). I enjoyed the side dishes a lot (kimchi here is pretty good!). I had some of the boneless kalbi and spicy naengmyun. We cooked the kalbi on the stove on our table, and maybe it was just our table, but as soon as the stove turned on, I started smelling weird things. The kalbi didn't really taste like Korean bbq because of the cut and lack of marinade, so I didn't really like it. The spicy naengmyun was also pretty dang spicy, making it addicting to eat despite my burning tongue and runny nose. If I ever come back, I would try different entrees...
5	Excellent food. Great service and at a great price. From where I come from. This is a reasonably priced out all you can eat meal. Land unlike other places. They bring the food to you , saves you from exercise. Definitely coming to eat here whenever I'm in Vegas !!!
4	Love it! Love it! Did I say love it! Let's see all you can eat for 27.95, we went in there, no special decor or anything but lady was very nice and pleasant, took our orders of: Bulgogi, pork belly, steak and beef tongue (decided to get adventurous here). We went to the buffet to pick our sides, which were plenty! And here we go! Everything was tasty, the 2 sauces they serve were such a great compliment to the thin meats. The tongue was delish! Who would have thought? She brought out some steamed egg that help with all the flavors. We couldn't even finish all that food! Oh but it was great! The only reason I will not give 5 stars is because the rest room was filthy, it look like it hasn't been cleaned in a couple of months. But once I'm out in Vegas I will be back!
3	24 hour Korean restaurant next to Encore. I think I've been here about 10 times and after all that I'd say the all you can eat is the best deal. Everything else on the menu is average at best. The bbq entrees aren't good enough to order alacarte. Service is pretty inconsistent.  Understaffed as we were rarely checked on. Side dishes are self serve buffet style which is kinda annoying but at least we can pick what we want.
2	24 hour Korean bbq.  What could be better than that?  oh... I dunno...one that actually cooks good food?  Maybe it was because they just didnt' care at midnight...but this whole idea of pseudo buffet was not really that good.  Hubby had kalbi...and for the price it was, well... you should of seen his face... The soondubu kind of wannabe was not very tasty... and honestly only the bibimbap was ok.  This is not saying much as we were ALL FAMISHED by this time. For the food to be less than ok at this time of night when we were really hungry says alot.  Lack of attention to service, just overall odd. I hate to say it wasn't good, but this is just not worth it. Maybe they had an off night, but I wouldn't go back.  Not when I've had better Korean food in Vegas.  And not when there are so many other awesome places to eat at... for better prices and taste!
2	After the rants and raves about this place, I decided it was time to try it out..it's not great but it's not terrible either. It's one of those places that you go to once just to try it out and never have to go back to. Let's do a break down of the experience I'm having as I sit here and eat.Customer Service: C, I would've given them a D- if the greeter wasn't friendly. I've run out of water on several occasions and our waitress hasn't come to check if we needed anything or if we were doing okay. She has a sour look on her face that screams, "I don't want to be here!"Food: B-, I've been to several yakiniku places and the food here is average. It consists of plain meats and a selection of self-serve side dishes. (NOTE: We took the all you can eat option)Restrooms: D-, it was filthy! Just don't go in there if it's not absolutely necessary. It looks torn.Needless to say, this place isn't all it's cut out to be.
5	My favorite place in Las Vegas for Korean food , the unlimited side dishes are great The noodle dish:Naengmyeon is my favorite, very friendly service and they can make this and other dishes without meat if you are a vegetarian like me;)
1	This place would have gotten a better review but since they try to rip off tourist I will not recommend it how can the place charge gratuity for 7+ ppl when it's only 2 people eating CHECK YOUR BILL b4 paying besides that good is good
4	Okay, so based off of my experience, I learned two things.First, the food is actually really really good. I ordered duk guk, and it was really tasty. It was a bit on the pricey side, but the flavor made up for it. And to all the people complaining since they ordered plain meat, think about what you're ordering. You probably ordered the meat without seasoning. I'm giving this place a 4 star because of the service and cleanliness. The service wasn't too great here, and the waitresses obviously did a good job of showing that they did not want to be here. Also, when I got here, the table that we were ushered to was not really clean, there was grease all around the table...
3	Came here two guests from India - pretty dead around midnight. Ordered some chicken item and tofu soup. Soup was good so is the chicken. Server was very good - she served us extra appetizer ( korean small plates with veggi).
2	I think the all you can eat is too expensive for what they offer. I've had better and less expensive in Korea Town in LA
4	I come here every time I'm in Vegas. Their kalbi tang is sooo good. They have a banchan bar, which is nice.
5	This place had the most banchan out of any non jungsik Korean restaurant I have ever been to.  Clean decor and great service.
1	Came here as part of a tour with Samho Tour& Travel (don't ever book anything with them)food was bland and cold - being from Koreatown in Los angeles, I can definitely say that this restaurant was definitely subpar to my expectations for one of the "best" Korean restaurants in vegas.  But then again, you really don't come to Vegas for Korean food and even so, it was subpar.  Don't come here and just go to one of the hotel buffets instead - you'll be much happier.
2	When entering the restaurant, the atmosphere made it seem like an enjoyable place to eat. It was clean and the employees greeted me with a smile. However, being the cheap person I am and also considering other Korean Barbecue places in Vegas, the price of the All You Can Eat, was surprising. $27.99 per person! Yikes! In addition to that, the bathrooms were kinda gross. I don't trust their toilet with my booty. Overall, the food was good, the employee service was mediocre , and bathrooms were guhrosss.
3	Used to come here a lot before they turned into a BBQ buffet joint and unfortunately the quality of the food is much worse than before. Really seems to cater towards the all-u-can-eat crowd and little focus left to the kimchi jigae or other soups available. They seem more watery than before.  Currently looking for a replacement, but haven't had much luck with other places in the area.
3	Place is super overrated. I'm Korean I know. It's more so for the average tourist who does not know better to go eat but If your really hungry, it might taste better than my 3 star review. ;)The price is very expensive. The all you can eat BBQ is not worth it. Out of the meat, the wang galbi is the best, otherwise, all the other meat was so so that I didn't really want to take advantage of extra dishes for the ayce.If your here already and reading this review, make sure to order some soju and beer, it will taste a lot better the more your drink lol.Service is ok, decor is just like every other Korean place.
1	Way Overpriced!!I will never go to that place again.
4	Let me set the stage...Pool party during the day, a small bite of sushi for dinner, clubbing mayhem until 6AM, a couple hours of sleep. Sound Vegas enough for you?After a crazy day of absorbing the blitzkrieg that is Vegas [turned-up style], I woke with one thing on my mind -- BUFFET! How does one choose? From the Seafood Buffet @ Paris, to the Wicked Spoon @ Cosmo, to Todai Japanese Buffet @ Planet Hollywood, there are a wide variety of indulgent options to consider.But only one of the hundreds of Vegas buffets has a BANCHAN BAR!!! That's right, @ Kimchi Korean BBQ, not only can wanderers enjoy a wide variety of fresh meats and seafoods grilled table-side, but they also can have free reign for building their own mountains of Korean Appetizers -- MY KIND OF PLACE!While all of the meat was AMAZING, the cow tongue was the undisputed group favorite. It was thin, crispy, juicy and, did I say delicious?!?!Additionally, our friendly host was generous enough to help prepare most of the food on the grill on our behalf.For being on The Strip, Kimchi BBQ is a great cultural option and the perfect elixir for the blood-chilling effects of Vegas nightlife.
5	Great self-serve side dishes! They also offer kinds of fruit! The price is also reasonable! I strongly recommend to you!!
1	Dry meat. All the seasoned meat are not seasoned. Steamed egg is burned. Not changing the grill frequently enough so the meat is bitter.
3	The place is like any other korean restaurants i have been to in southern california area. Their meat were good as well as the side dishes. I liked the glass noodles, but it didn't come with the buffet so you have to order it separately. Only few customers where eating on a weekend, probably because of its location.
4	So while in Vegas my boss took me out for some Korean food. I had never been to Kimchi. After carefully looking over the menu I decided on the soft tofu soup and helped myself to some side dishes. The food came out pretty quickly considering how busy they were. During my stay in Vegas I visiting several other restaurants but this one was my favorite. I'll definitely visit them next time I'm in town.
4	I heard this place was really good. Of course, upon arriving here I was prepared to order so many things. But, I was a little discouraged by the prices. This place is pretty expensive. A lot of the dishes are around $20 and up. And the all you can eat deal is $27 and $37 depending on what kind of meats you want. But since I went with a group we just ordered the bibimbap, Mandu soup, and this cold spicy noodle. Overall it was really good. The flavors were on point. But one thing I didn't like was the wait time for the food to arrive. So while we waited we got a bunch of the sides from an unlimited side bar. The sides were reeeeaaallly good.
5	I discovered this place almost 10 years ago by accident and it's on my "to do" list every time I'm in Vegas.I'm not a Korean BBQ aficionado by any means, so I can't speak to the authenticity of the food. But everyone I've taken there over the years, sometimes unwillingly or scared, has left completely satisfied and surprised at how much they liked it.Everything is super tasty and the staff is great at guiding you through what dishes people typically order. A good beginners menu, for two people, would be one meat order (bulgogi). And one soup order (tofu, with seafood and beef). Add more as you go if needed.There's also an "all you can eat" option. But I've never done that.They'll even help cook your food on your grill if you're completely lost.There's also a large "sides" bar, which I believe is complimentary. So many great choices that you might start to get full before your meat is cooked. The spicy cucumber slices are my favorite.And of course, the Kimchi. Delicious. Smooth and crunchy with just the right amount of sour.I might also add that it's located in a small shopping center. So it's very easy to get in and out of, and park.
1	Ate here before the food was good, but service horrible. We thought we'd give this place a chance again... We were directed to the opposite side of the room away from any servers and we're were waiting for about 30minutes counting without being noticed. I feel embraced and about to leave.  Thank you yelp for allowing a place to share this experience.
1	This is place is way over priced. Bulgogi BBQ beef  $27 ? Side dishes tasted old  & terrible . I would not recommend this place at all.  I couldn't even finish my meal & threw my left over away. Try at your own risk ~
1	Wow sure wish me and my GF read all these reviews before we sat down in this Tourists Trap of a place.. We live in OC and go to Garden Grove for great Korean BBQ, this place is Far Far anything that we are accustom too... The service sucked, the food sucked, the bathroom looked like it hasn't been cleaned properly in many years.. In their display case they show old frozen food that is dated over a month old... If your reading this run out of there like its a Zombie Apocalypse!! As I am writing this I can feel my guts flipping like I am about to give birth.. Trust me there are a ton of wonderful spots to eat in Sin City... *****YOU ARE WARNED******
3	Open 24/7 which is cool, but pretty expensive $30 bulgogi. For some reason the funk on their kim chi is stronger than a roadkill skunk but doesn't taste bad. If you order meat ask for well done, it coulda used some char.
1	Shittiest korean restaurant ive been to in my life. Way overpriced. Small ass portions. Bathroom smells like puke. Side dishes smell old. Workers don't do anything.
5	I stayed at the Riviera Hotel and this place is in walking distance. No crowds for lunch....great food and good service. All the side dishes are great in flavor and so are the meats.  Next time in Vegas is a most definate stop here again too. So satisfying.
5	From being greeted at the door by the owner to the kind and gentle attention one seated the experience and ambiance matched the excellent quality ingredients of the food.  Great value for the money.  Recommend come early evening or very late night.  The place is packed with locals and tourist.
1	Probably the worst Korean restaurant I have been to in Vegas. Everything is overpriced and doesn't even taste good. The "all you can eat" bbq isn't really "all you can eat." There's a limit to every beef bbq like LA RIBS- TWO FOR EACH PERSON. Also, I ordered the kimchi tofu and the pork wasn't fresh at all. I almost had to spit it out... Will be my first and last time coming here. Would recommend Ginseng if you are craving Korean bbq if you're staying on the strip.
