2	Not too happy with this location.  Went here for lunch this week and ordered the wicked combo meal and was asked to wait in front of the restaurant as it would take 3 minutes.  Well the 3 minutes turned into 15 minutes and so I didn't have time to eat it in my car and had to go right back to work,,,,Boo!
5	I've been here twice in one month and its a great location. The staff is polite, the store is clean, and the food is delicious. Yes you have to wait 5 minutes but at least its delicious and doesn't taste like its frozen coming out of a freezer!
5	First, I love their chicken, red beans & rice and biscuits. I use to go to the Rancho location because I believed it was better. But, this time I believe everything was fresh and yummy.But, the only complaint I have is the fact that anytime I order the chicken tenders I have to wait for them to be done. My fiance doesn't mind because he says they are "extra fresh" but if I am in a hurry to get home I know I will be waiting at least 5 minutes. Just a FYI
1	Ordered the nice piece tender with a large cajun fries... and got 1 ranch dipping sauce. How is a brotha supposed to ration 1 ranch with 9 pieces of chicken??
3	For a 'fast food' place it gets 3 stars.Cleanliness = 3* Floors were dirty.Customer service = 3* Nothing special.Atmosphere = N/AFood = 3* Chicken is a bit dry, biscuit is good, and nice selection of sauces.Certainly not the worst place, and may be acceptable for a quick/cheap lunch if you're in the area. However, I wouldn't waste a family dinner here, stick with Canes or even El Pollo Loco for your fast chicken!
2	What food we received was good for a fast food restaurant.  We ordered Popcorn Shrimp, Loaded Chicken Wrap, 3 piece Chicken dinner, fries and biscuits.  I got asked to pull around front.  I waited about 8 minutes the food was dropped off without a word.  I got home to find out our 3 piece meal wasn't in the bag.  Double check your bags before you leave.
4	Awww, my favorite fried chicken place EVER.  I love the food and always will, especially since I grew up in New Orleans, so it is in my DNA.  The service is ok, the restaurant is ok, and the speed is ok.  All of the OKs are why  gave it a 4 instead of 5 stars.
3	The chicken here is one of my favorites from any other fast food place in town. Crispy and super-southern! They also have an extensive menu on side choices, from mashed potatoes to a few types of beans, coleslaw, and even mac n cheese (DING DING DING winner) While the food here is delicious, the service sucks. I've never come in to contact with so many people that hate their lives than I have at this particular location. You just walk into the place and the cashier gives you this snooty look of HOW DARE YOU COME HERE. Like, bitch please I just want some chicken not your first born child.Never go through the drive-thru if you can, at this location either. I've only done it about 3 times, and EVERY GODDAMN time, they fucked up my order, or didn't give me a fork or some shit. Plus the girl running the drive-thru window has a shit ton of acne, super gross face. She'll make you lose your appetite.
5	I don't know what it is about Popeyes that I love so much but their chicken strips is just the right amount of crispy, flavorable and juicy. I can't even begin to describe why I think it's the best chicken strip ever! And oh my....the red beans rice....yummo. The best thing on the menu is their snack wrap because it has a chicken strip and red beans and rice wrapped in a tortilla. Perfect everything in one bite.
4	As a general rule I don't review fast food chains, because well they are fast food chains, most people know what they are walking into and what to expect. But I felt inclined to comment as they have a fabulous Tuesday deal and I had to get the word out (and no they are not paying me to advertise). For $1.29 you can get two dark pieces of chicken (leg and thigh) on Tuesday and an additional $1.89 gets you a large drink, side of your choice and biscuit. Can't beat that with a stick! I went to the Craig Road location, although through my familiarity of Popeye's around town , I have had the two piece deal at the Rancho/95 location for 99 cents, when the Craig Road was $1.29. I don't know if it is still 99 cents though. Anywho, I prefer the spicy chicken and red beans and rice. Which at one point in my life I actually though was healthy, red beans and rice what could be bad about that - of course I didn't realize, or maybe I was in denial, that it is most likely cooked in lard (lard...yum). Fortunately, and unfortunately at the same time, the small side - is well really small- which I considered portion control. But again for the price on Tuesdays you just can't beat it if you are looking for greasy comfort food.
3	I'm just so torn on if I really like Popeye's Chicken or not. I do like their biscuits and their Bold BBQ Sauce is pretty great. The chicken stips are good took. They are always super crunchy and thats nice. I like the idea of the sides they offer like red beans and rice or jambalaya but it is the idea I like only. Not so much the execution. The red beans and rice I got tonight was perhaps lacking in beans. There was rice and what was most like refried beans, sort of saucey and thick. I only found a few whole beans. Overall, the food is not bad its just not that great either. And service can be hit and miss. The lady who took my order had a pleasent demeaner but the lady who called out when my order was ready did not. She asked me what kind of sauce I wanted. I asked what my options were and she told me in a rude kind if way that they were listed on the menu. Fine, I didn't read that part of the menu but good customer service dictates that she should have answered my question rather than get snarky and basically tell to figure it out.
1	Ate ate Popeye at many states, this is not it!The spicy chicken is NOT spicy yet it contains more grease then chicken, purely inedible. no idea how they get away with it in a corporate environment.
1	Came to this location at 10:30 on a Monday and waited in the drive through for 22 minutes for 3 chicken strip. ...yikes I think they close earlier then listed. They also forgot our biscuits :( cross that off the  place off the list they need some work.
5	I'll second the friendly staff comment, between that and actually running the specials its the only game in this part of town. I don't even know why I bothered to try out KFC's day old 5 thighs at the centennial location, Popeye's is a MUCH MUCH better deal, quality and value wise
