1	Nasty! Worst Mexican food ever!! I rarely give out bad reviews... but this place deserves it!! First off, I know food in Vegas can be a bit overpriced, but this place is the worst ever! First off, the service was terrible! I know it's a fast food type of place but that doesn't mean you need to be so rude when taking orders! Besides, this place is inside a hotel so service should be better anyways! Not all the workers were rude, but the girl taking orders and training the new workers was the worst. She snapped at not only the customers but also the people she was training and talked to people as if they were stupid and didnt understand English. The prices at this place are ridiculous go what you get- the worst tasting Mexican food ever! It was $10 for a burrito and the burrito was so gross. The food here is ridiculously dry! The burrito has rice (no flavor), choice of meat (I got a little bit of each - steak was disgusting dry, bland, and waaaaay overcooked. The other meats tasted sweet like dessert-gross!), beans, and cheese. We also got a taco platter for my friend's daughter. Worst tacos ever! My friend's daughter about choked on it because it was sloppily dry! All they put on it was a few shreds of cheese... and like 3 pieces of carne asana... NO lettuce! We couldn't believe it! I have never seen a taco so dry and stingy. It felt like the stuff was being weighed by the ounce! Look at my pictures if you don't believe how gross they are! There are other foods in the food court here at MGM. Go eat at the others ones! They are so much better. Also, everything here costs extra... and its super expensive too!  Something standard and simple as sour cream costs extra... and it was $1 for a tiny scoop! I will never never ever eat at this place again! Not only was it bad food, but it was terrible service AND expensive! If I could give this place negative stars, I would!!
2	Over priced and everything costs extra. I ordered 2 enchiladas for $10 plus $1 for sour cream and I decided I couldn't afford the guacamole.  I asked for a side of chips - $5?! No thanks. The manager (older Hispanic man) was aware of my request for a small side of chips and pretended not to see or hear me.For a food court, not a good deal. On a more positive note, the food tastes good.Older Caucasian woman was the only nice server.  Ugh!
5	Had a great experience even though I read a couple of reviews I decided to try it out and make up my own mind. I got the beef tacos and a chips with dip; it was great I was a little taken back by the price but when I saw the portion it was well worth it. I would recommend to anyone on the strip looking to get there money's worth.
4	With my other options in the food court being hotdogs, macdonalds, and pizza, Tacos and Rita's was the obvious choice. Carmen was super friendly- a sincere people person. Even asked where I'm from and we discovered a mutual love of an establishment back home- how cool! I'm in hospitality too, and a nice personal interaction makes for a much more memorable experience- fact. I ordered the 3 tacos. They were enormous. I'm from LA so I was expecting teeny taco truck size tacos, so I ended up having a snack for later (my suite at The Signature had a kitchen so it worked out). If you don't eat huge portions the 1 taco with beans and rice may be a good option. The beef tacos were really tender and tasty. Carnitas were decent too, but I def preferred the beef. Overall a great value, messy and tasty.
5	I honestly can't believe people are giving this place a bad review. My husband and I originally had reservations at pub 1842. We cancelled it and just wanted something fresh and quick. This place hit the spot. I got the 3 tacos and he got a taco salad - all delicious. Yea, you pay extra for things like guac...that also happens at chipotle. The Beers are pricy. Hey guess what?! You're in Vegas!!! This place is fresh and super delicious. I recommend the pulled chicken for extra flavor.
5	Delicious food at a great price! Servings are huge, you'll definitely need a to go bag. Can't wait to have it again today!
5	Everything was a lil on the pricy side but hey you're in Vegas I get it. The food wasn't amazing but it was good. Didn't try any of their drinks. Service was awesome, so nice and helpful thank you! I do recommend anyone who wants a fresh yummy tortilla (flour) come here!!!! They are bomb, fresh homemade just like abuelita made. I will be back just for them alone!
4	Tortillas are handmade. Meats are flavorful. Normally not worth 4 stars but when compared to chicken tenders, soggy Chinese or the other offerings in this food court, I can be generous.
5	Honestly some of the best Mexican food I've had and this is from someone that lives in L.A. The service was beyond amazing!! Along with the amazing nachos and burrito!!! Whatever you want on it they will put in it. Luis , Jessica and Joanna really were great!! They provided great service and great at helping us pick out what we wanted. I think this is a MUST GO TO spot when at the MGM ! I can twice in one day that's how good this place was! Portions are BIG!! And they aren't shy when adding Things to your plate! NACHOS ARE A MUST!! And yes they do serve alcohol
5	MGM has a fairly sad food court, but this place was awesome. You can actually see them making the tortillas fresh in front of you -- definitely wasn't expecting that.The nachos with steak were a perfect snack. It was a really large portion (and they don't skimp on the meat and cheese, either) -- perfect to tide two people over for a few hours.The nachos come with your choice of meat, plus cheese, which all goes under the salamander to get hot and yummy. Then they add salsa, sour cream and guac. This place does nachos right -- the salsa had the perfect amount of heat and flavor. The guac was good, and the nachos were some of the best-constructed nachos I've had (and I'm from LA where awesome Mexican places abound).This place is so much better than any of the other food court options.
5	Awesome pork tacos on fresh Tortillas made right in front of you! Try the creamy house dressing on them! They even have fresh cut french fried potatoes to put in them!Awesome!
3	Want some overpriced taco's?  You've come to the right place!  I was just craving some taco's for some reason and ran into this place.  Meat was decent but nothing to write home about.  If you just happen to pass by and are craving some taco's, this place will do the trick, but if you want some really good taco's in vegas, go to Tacos El Gordo.
5	Inside the MGM at the food court. I didn't notice it walking in from certain side of the food court since it was angled off. But passing by a second time from the pool, I knew I had to have a bit here. Huge fan of tacos! And this place was super! I was very surprised given that it was food court food. But a surprising delight to have in my hotel. This was at least one meal a day for me out of the four days we stayed. I just kept coming back for more!Everything was made to order. I always got the three taco plate which came with three tacos in house made tortillas, filled with your choice of meat (each taco can have a different meat as well for variety). You had your choice of filling as well, from cheese to lettuce, salsa, etc. I always got the steak as one, and other times chose from the other meats every time just to see what they tasted like. All were very good, especially the sweet pulled pork. They also have burritos as well. Highly recommended! As I'm writing this review, I am craving more of their tacos now! So please get tacos and eat some for me since I'm back home in Colorado!
5	Great food and friendly staff if your in the mood for Mexican food and a margarita before a show or fight make sure you stop by
3	3 tacos and a drink for $19.87. Too expensive, but I guess that's just Vegas nowadays. The food was good. Fresh. And the staff was organized and really got us all in and out quickly. The guacamole was fresh and delish.
5	The morning crew (Nella, Carmen and Jubille) at this MGM food court stop were great. Pleasant and nice. Food was awesome too.
2	I hate wet burritos. It totally defeats the point of a burrito. They insisted on running my unfinished burrito through an oven and then informed me they couldn't add anything else to it unless they put it on top. Forget that, I almost just walked away. I regretted not doing so once I found out my crappy chicken, rice and cheese only burrito was going to cost me $12.
3	Decent food, big prices. Ran out of coffee at breakfast just as I arrived at the register, which was the only reason I stood in line for 20 minutes.
1	Note: this was the Tacos N Ritas at the Venetian hotel food court.  The counter worker was nice.  We got an enchilada plate with rice/beans, and a taco plate with rice/beans, an order of chips with guacamole, and two regular-sized margaritas with an extra shot in each.  Total was $62.  OK, Vegas, right.  But the food was a big FAIL. Taco and enchi were average.  Beans (black or pinto, no refrieds) were flavorless.  Rice was just plain white rice (no tomato or onion or any flavoring), with some grains hard/dried.  It bore no resemblance to what the rest of the world knows as Spanish rice or Mexican rice, it was just poorly cooked white rice.  The guac was fine, but came in a tiny cup, approx 1/3 cup.  Basket of chips might have been the worst ever.  Not only flavorless, but the texture -- each chip was partially soft/chewy and partially hard. Maybe they were made/bought a few days ago, then left out to get stale, then nuked or something?  I don't know.  But really, really, DON'T waste your time/money.  If you are at the Venetian, try the Grand Lux Cafe, a few steps away, you'll get delicious food for about the same amount of $$.
1	Horrible service.  They try to nickel and dime you.    Chicken portions are extremely meager.  When I asked for a normal size portion of chicken, they tried to add an additional $2.   The staff is extremely rude.  Don't ever come here.
4	During my week-long stay at MGM, I ate here ... a few more times than I'm proud to admit (out of sheer convenience and deliciousness). Compared to the other offerings at the MGM food court, this place offers the healthiest choices at decent prices and hugeee portions! It's similar to Chipotle (though probably not organic blahblahblah).Everything is ~$10 regardless of choice of protein (grilled chicken, steak, pulled chicken, etc.) My fave was the burrito salad, which comes with a tortilla base and all the fixings (rice, lettuce, corn, salsa, etc). The tortilla itself is one of the best I've had. It is fluffy and crispy on the edges, without being overly greasy. I wouldn't recommend getting the "burrito bowl" because it's tiny, even though it's the same price as the burrito salad/burrito! Just get the burrito or even a burrito salad, because you essentially get the same ingredients (rice, lettuce, meat, etc.), just in a different form.
4	if you're in the mgm, need something quick and cheap, this is a totally solid stop.i liked the chili beef and pulled chicken tacos and thought the breakfast taco was a great deal.  For $6 i had 1 sausage-egg-cheese taco and it was a great base to get my day drinking on! and it was tasty, most importantly.for what it is (fast food in a food court) - it ain't bad!
2	Not as good as the review makes it seems it's okay but this is just oversized and over priced. I grabbed some chicken nachos let's just I can make better ones at home. But it's good if your not looking for authentic mexican food. My girlfriend grabbed chicken enchiladas and again not the best. Paid a total of 36.78 round up to 37, I should have just gone to an actual restaurant and payed more but better food. At the end I didn't even finish the nachos it was too much and not the best same with the enchiladas. Guacamole is not the best and it's 2 dollars extra.
4	Had the burrito bowl with tofu. The bowl is small looking but actual pretty deep. And the tofu isn't all that special but if you need a quick bite to eat and are a casual vegetarian like me, this place hits the spot before you hit the strip for some fun.
