4	Went with my husband this week after seeing the grand opening sign. They are SO friendly. The place is very clean and nice. The foot basin for pedicure has a removable lining and they used new tools for manicure and pedicure so very hygienic. Prices are very reasonable. Will be back soon!
5	They were open on Thanksgiving! It was a fluke that we came here because our usual place was closed but I must say I'm glad we did. It's run by a family and they have another location north of this one. I literally sat and watched football while getting my legs massaged and feet dialed in (after a long run just before). The prices are reasonable and customer service excellent!!!
5	My friend from church brought me to Five Stars Nails and Spas as her and her mom love coming here ever since it opened. I needed a mani/pedi and only in Phoenix for a few days. Loves it! Their creative nail, design, artistry, CUSTOMER SERVICE! All the beautiful colors and multiple options. Very nice tranquil setting with a fresh water aquarium . They even served me fresh hot chocolate and gave me a grand opening gift of Hydrating Lavender Lotion. Did I mention how CLEAN everything is?This place truly is FIVE STARS!
5	Cute place. Very clean. Walked in on a Saturday and didn't have to wait. Offered water or hot chocolate which I thought was a nice touch. Great visual with the huge aquarium tank. Had a gel manicure for $25 which is great. I liked that they are family owned. Looking forward to see how long my manicure lasts as he seemed to do a great job.
5	I went here because the reviews were good and it was close to home. What a find! I had a great gel manicure from Nina. She was so careful and precise. My nails look amazing. I got a fun mint green color Nina suggested now that spring is coming. Everyone here speaks great English and Nina was fun to talk to. Not only that, it's very clean, people are friendly and they already have regulars after being open for only 4 months. I'm coming back. This is my nail place now. Oh, did I mention the manicure was $25? Great pricing. Best manicure I've had.
5	Went here prior to a wedding with the bridesmaids and bride. Great service! Very attentive and they did a good job. Would definitely return here again!
5	I am going to start coming here from now on!  It is sanitary; the people are nice.  It is a quality place and prices are very inexpensive, which i like
5	The first time I brought my father, since I go there every 10 days. very friendly and professional staff. Everything brend new and clean inside. is not need to wait in line, just serve very correctly. I felt very comfortable going there because it is very close to my house.
5	I went to this place for the first time today and they are awesome! The staff is very nice and I didn't have to wait at all. Not to mention that have a bazillion gel colors to choose from (sorted out by brand, which someone OCD like me can appreciate). Also a wall full of regular polish to choose from. Lee did my gel manicure and she's great. She took her time and made sure they were perfect and even asked me if I wanted a 3rd coat instead of assuming or disregarding it. She made certain that they were done how I wanted them to be done, rather than how the nail tech thinks they should be done. I am very picky with my nails, but I was a very happy customer walking out of there today. She actually did them square, which most don't. This is a second location from the original salon on Scottsdale. They just opened about 6 months ago. I would recommend them! Oh and prices are great. $25 for gel and no charge to take off current gel.
5	What a great place!  Friendly staff, clean and nicely decorated interior. It is also very spacious so you aren't sitting an inch from your neighbor.  Lee, my nail technician, was a delight and she did an amazing job.  I will be back for sure!!!  Finally, a great nail place in North Phoenix!!!!They also have free wireless!!  A huge plus, if you need to get work done while you are there.
5	Wow this place is super impressive  very clean and neat.  Great service, they stayed late for us out of towners in need of manipedi during a conference.  They have these great chair pan liners that are removed to be discarded at the end of each client.  This was almost as impressive to me as the perfectly bright and clean bathroom!!!! Five stars for sure.  I would even pay extra
5	This place is the bomb for acrylic nails!!!!! I found this little gem of a nail salon because of yelp and man were the reviews right on. The place is new, clean and very spacious compared to other nail salons. I moved to Phoenix 6 months ago which is when my search began for a local nail salon to have my acrylic nails done. I have tried several places and although I have had decent to good pedicures, I have never been happy with my acrylic nails....until now! Eric did a terrific job...he took off my yucky acrylic nails virtually painlessly which is no small feat and was meticulous every step of the way without me even asking. I honestly can't remember a time I have been so happy with my nails, even the polish was done with care, but he was still relatively quick. He also asked a few times along the way if I was happy with my nails which a lot of nail techs don't do. I can't comment on the pedicures because I haven't had one yet, but the chairs were pretty full and the other customers looked satisfied. A major plus is most of them speak pretty darn good English and they have tons of polish to choose from in lots of fun trendy colors. LOVE LOVE LOVE this place, my search for a terrific nail salon has ended as it doesn't get any better than this place!!!!!
5	Went with a friend and had a good time chatting with the employees.  The ladies that did our pedicures were fun and inviting.  They had fun senses of humor and made us feel comfortable.
5	The positive reviews are right. I walked in on a Wednesday afternoon without a problem. I sat down and was offered water. There were about 3 other clients in there getting their nails done so they were staffed appropriately for mid-week, mid-day. I had my nails done with a gel manicure which I had never had before. The color is awesome, they stay shiny and no chips or anything. My nails feel strong and I'm not tempted to bite them. I've had them on for about a week and a half now and they still look great. I should get at least 2 weeks from them but I think they will stretch to 3 weeks. I look forward to going back and trying new colors. Five star nails gets 5 stars *****
5	I decided to switch up my nail place since the old place I was going to was really understaffed.  As I walked in I was happy to find a familiar face.  Kenny who had been doing my nails at a different salon several years ago is the manager.  He assured me I would be very well taken care of and I was.  I had such a great experience with my pedicure I decided to get acrylic nails put on.  The tech who did my nails was super precise and quick.  Everyone who was working seemed genuinely happy which was nice to see.  I will be back!
4	Decent prices. Came on a Friday afternoon and didn't have to wait when I arrived. Received the deluxe pedicure $33. Standard Pedicure, callous removal, vitamin/sugar scrub and foot/calf massage. Comfy chairs and complimentary water from the staff. Good music (nsync pandora radio I think?!). Free wifi. Very spacious place and not very busy but the reviews brought me here. They have only been here about 9 months. I will be back!
5	Great place! I've been to quite a few nail salons and this place is my favorite! Everyone is incredibly nice, and they do great work for affordable prices! Would recommend to everyone!
5	I've been coming here for several months now and there's a reason for all the great reviews. They do fantastic work (I usually see Rachel and she's awesome), it's very clean, they have a nice selection of colors and the gentleman owner?/manager is always very friendly. I'm so glad I found this place. :-)
5	Came in for a pedicure. All of the little extras added up to a 5 star experience from five star nails and spa! From the keurig coffee maker and good assortment of magazines at the front, to the large, organized display of polish choices, everything was topnotch. The amazing pedicure was a bonus. Salon is clean and  staff is professional. I will be back.
5	I didn't want to write my review right away.  I visited the salon after reading the great reviews, and after my pink and white acrylics, (done at another salon) were falling off and looking BAD.  I just had to find another place,  I want to preface my review by saying to the readers I'm VERY picky, and have worn pink and whites for 20 years continuously, with only one "break" last year to try the gel nail phenomenon, only to have my pink and whites reapplied. They just work better for me.  Try finding a salon that does them well, and you might be in for a journey. I LOVED the new set I had here over a month ago!  The acrylic isn't so "see through" so it hides any imperfections while still looking natural.  The gentleman at the front of the salon, did a beautiful job. The salon is easy to get to, decorated beautifully, and after 3 weeks, they were not lifting.  The fill was done perfectly, and they still look as gorgeous as when I got them.  Do not feel you need an expensive Scottsdale salon to get great nails - Five Star Nails will make you happy! I saw a few other customers' nails while there, and they do good work with Gel also.
5	Called in before to make sure it wasn't busy,  walked in around 5pm and got sitted right away.  Super friendly,  Clean and beautiful holiday environment.  I got exactly what I wanted. Very happy,  will return again.
4	My favorite place to go for pedicure and fill-ins because it's clean and they remember me there and what I like done. Appointments run on time. No complaints and I appreciate the music I like playing so I can hum along.
5	This place was AMAZING! I didn't have an appointment, but got in right away. I didn't catch the girls name who took care of me, but everyone looked like they were doing a great job. I got a regular mani/pedi, and it was one of the best I've ever had. She took her time with everything (including the lovely leg and foot massage), the place was very clean, and everyone was extremely pleasant. They even offered me a bottle of water.I've been looking for a great nail place, and I've found it! I will definitely be going back to Five Star!
4	I came to Five Star Nails on the recommendation of a family member, and overall it was very good. The place is clean, the manicure instruments sterilized, and the staff friendly. I think this was probably the least expensive manicure I've ever gotten, and it looked great, too. The only reason I gave it 4 stars instead of 5 was that it didn't last as long as I expect a manicure to. On the other hand, it was Christmas, and all that extra dish washing isn't exactly easy on the polish. I would definitely go back when I'm in town.
5	I took my fiancee' there for a mani and pedi. I forget who she saw but this lady really took her time to do a really great job. She told my fiancee' that the last place she had a gel mani done they double baked it which she said was very bad. She had to really work to get all the old gel mani off.  Its a little drive but very well worth it.
