3	Convenient location.However, reviews are quite low for this location, but a friend of mine has recommended two other locations in the valley.Surprise there are not any reviews here.  Google located reviews that you may find helpful.
1	Absolute rip off, have had multiple friends and co-workers get ripped off at this mechanic. Co worker had a hole in her gas tank, they quoted her over 600$ because they said it was a specialty part, in a Toyota Corolla! Had her call a nearby mechanic and they quoted her $300. When she called Fletcher's back they dropped the price to match the other quote. She still had her car fixed since it was already there, but I wouldn't trust these people as far as I could throw them!
1	Dropped my car off at 11am for a regular oil change 6 hours later not even touched. They blamed it on their oil guy calling in sick. So I guess their other mechanics can't change oil on cars. This will probably be the last time I use Fletcher's.
1	I must fill you in on a Little back story before I tell you about my experience with Fletcher's Tire and Auto...A month or so ago, I had to get a mobile locksmith to come to me because my car wasn't starting with the key I had. While the mobile locksmith was making the key, I had an emergency call and had to leave right away. He didn't finish the key, but I put the key he was in the process of making in my car...forgetting all about it.Forward to today... I dropped my car off at Fletchers because something was going on with it and smoke was coming out of my engine. They called me the next day to tell me that it was gonna cost me $550.00. Thinking that we should get a second opinion, the hubby and I went down to pick up the car. When we pulled up, we noticed that the car was in the same exact parking spot that we had left it in when we dropped it off, but didnt really think too much of it at that time. We told them that we were gonna take our car and get a second opinion... they gave us our key back and we were on our way. We tried starting our car with the key we left for them and it wouldn't start. We used the master key and it started right up. ( I had given them the key that the locksmith made for me, not knowing it wouldn't start my car. )When we got home, I called Fletcher's back and asked them if they had any problems starting my car up ( damn well knowing they couldn't start my car! ) and his response was..." nope, it started right up. Didn't have a problem with it at all." how could that be when the key we had given them didn't start my car at all?!!!Knowing that they were dishonest, we knew we weren't taking the car back there for the repairs it needed. Long story short, We ended up having it fixed for $108.00 AND FLETCHER'S WASN'T EVEN CORRECT WITH THEIR DIAGNOSIS!!!!!! It turned out it was something totally different AND WAY CHEAPER!!!!! What they said was wrong with my car wasn't what it was AT ALL!!!!!I will NEVER take my car back there again. I need to trust the people that work on my car!
1	I would give this place zero stars if I could. Took a month to get an appointment for oil change, horrible customer service and an oil change took an hour and a half.
1	On Saturday November 24th, 2012, we visited our neighborhood Fletcher's Tire & Auto Services located at 6515 West Happy Valley Road, Glendale, AZ 85310. We had a nail in our tire and we were told it would take about 4.5 hours to fix. Almost 5 hours later, we received a call informing us they could not repair the tire and would have to wait until Monday to replace it. They were about two hours from closing and it was too late in the day to order the correct tire and they were closed on Sunday. We expressed our disappointment with stranding us for an entire holiday weekend with two infants and wasting our time. When we picked up our vehicle and we were told not to come back and I responded and said "What would make you think we would ever want to come back". After all of that, we had to make another trip back Fletcher's Tire & Auto Services to collect our flat tire they forgot to put back on our vehicle. Then we visited the local Discount Tire at 5990 West Behrend Drive, Glendale, AZ 85308 and they had us in/out with a brand new tire in 30 minutes. We called the Fletcher's Tire & Auto Services located at 4915 East Carefree Highway Phoenix, AZ on the same Saturday and requested the District Manager Eric Stewart to contact us. Unfortunately, we did not receive a response from the District Manager! Unfortunately, after speaking with neighbors in our Arrowhead Community we were informed this Fletcher's Tire & Auto Services located at 6515 West Happy Valley Road, Glendale, AZ 85310 already had a poor reputation in our community.
1	This place is ridiculous!!!!! I have been working on vehicles for 15 years but I can't do it all with my busy schedule. I had my wife bring in her car to have an alignment done and these guys estimated an additional $2200 worth of work that needs to be done. B.S. I then sent her back in there to get her car and the guy at the front counter said the estimate is $45 which I had no problem paying. Then he asked her to go get cash for the estimate?? (Fishy) So I decided to call and ask how much an inspection costs and the district manager was randomly there and said that inspections are free!!! They see a pretty girl come in and take full advantage!!! If you plan on using this scammer company make sure you have a knowledgable person with you. I will never use this place again and am getting another estimate somewhere else. I will make an update review when I hear back from the next place but for the time being I will make a formal complaint to the BBB!
1	Classic bait and switch. Called for an appointment  for a simple oil change with my own "High End" Synthetic oil and K&N filter. Was quoted a certain price. Sent my wife in for appointment and the price jumped dramatically. Again... another case of a "repair shop" taking advantage of a woman. Unfortunate because they are a neighborhood service dealer. DO NOT send a woman in by herself. In speaking with friends and neighbors, this seems to be a typical action by these people.
1	This Fletcher's is the closest to my house and thus far, I have had to have 4 oil changes. I cannot express the frustration of showing up at 6:15am to be first in line and STILL have the car only back after 2 hours. Dave is rude and will ignore you. Unfortunately, the manager Robert Barnett will take no action should you have a complaint. I have never experienced such lousy service and I will send a formal complaint to corporate. I will never cone back here, instead I would rather drive 5 miles to another shop.
2	Everytime I go here to get my oil changed its just a rough experience. Stood at the front desk waiting for assistance for about five minutes while the employees were arguing in front of me, with no acknowledgment. It took four and a half hours to get my oil changed. And got my car back with a key chain broken off the keys. Unacceptable.
5	Amazing service.
1	I wish there were a zero stars to give. I had been to this location a couple of times and had ok service, it wasn't exceptional but it was close to my house. After a recent visit, they came up with needing a new fuel filter. I didn't have time and would come back. A few days later, I called to see how long the wait was and told the guy what I needed done. He said come on down, it'll be a couple of hours. I dropped it off and had a friend pick me up and we went for lunch and a movie and I even visited with her at her house, that was about a time frame of 4 hours. I had my friend drop me back off, I figured it would be done by now or almost finished. I should have known it was not a good sign when I saw my car still parked in the same spot where I left it. I went in and waited for someone to help me. I understand they are a busy shop, but at least acknowledge the customer by saying I will be right with you. I was told they had not even gotten to my car yet. I reminded him that I had dropped it off 4 hours earlier at which time he had told me a couple of hours. If you can't deliver on a promise or at least come close to it, don't say it. You'll just end up with angry customers. Mike, I think he was a mechanic, he had come into the shop for some paperwork and proceeded to tell me about a lady whose car had been in the shop for a week. WHAT?! You are actually proud of that fact? You should be embarrassed that you can't fix their car within a day or two.I sat in the waiting area for another 2 hours before my car was done. I was considerable upset. The person who rang me up gave me a free oil change coupon. That did nothing to satisfy my anger. What good is a free oil change if i have to wait all day. At this point, I do not want to ever come back into your shop and have not.I've gone to another Fletcher's and have had exceptional service there.I've decided to take all my vehicles into a smaller shop where you can make an appointment and feel like you are getting personal service.
1	Never written a review on yelp and this is my first. Absolutely the worst experience I've ever had at an auto establishment. I go to the Fletchers off Lake Pleasant and Happy valley frequently. This is the first time I've gone to this Fletchers. I cannot express to you strongly enough to stay as far away it from this place as you can. Rude inconsiderate and unprofessional.
5	I didn't have my car serviced here but I did buy new wiper blades.  My left blade finally fell off and the metal was scraping the windshield so I went to the closest place to my house.  I walked in and saw a rack of blades thinking I was going to have to spend more than a couple of minutes to determine which size fit my car.  The guy behind the counter offered to help.  He asked me which car in the parking lot was mine, grabbed the wiper blades off the rack, RAN out to my car, sized it up, removed the old ones, snapped on the new ones and RAN back into the store.  I was watching from inside in amazement.  I paid for the blades and was back on the road in minutes.  AMAZING.  I wish all customer service was as good as he was that day.  I also wish I could remember the guys' name - he's my hero.  Haha!
1	We have been going to this place for years.  In years past I would have given them four stars.  But last year I had my wiper blades replaced and came back to a fully shattered windshield to which they denied any knowledge.  Then, this weekend, we had a tire that we bought from them last year explode as we were driving up 67th Ave.  We took the tire back to them and asked if it is covered by warranty.  The guy looked our record up on their computer and informed us that we had not bought some sort of additional coverage on the tire and that we would have to pay full price ($140) to get it replaced.  We had no choice but to get it replaced even if we had to pay full price.  For whatever reason it was going to take them all day to replace the tire, so we left it there.  When we went home we looked up the BF Goodrich warranty online and found that our tire was covered in full by it.  I went back in and spoke with the same guy (I assume the manager) and asked why we were being charged full price for the tire.  He snipped back and said I "did not disclose that we had bought the tire from Fletchers", yet he was the one who looked our record up in the system.  In the end the warranty did pay for the replacement.  But, charging a customer for a tire that is covered by warranty?  If they had ended up charging me the full price I would hope they would not have also got reimbursed by BF Goodrich.  Beware of this place because something is fishy!
1	These guys are lazy and will scam you out of anything. I paid 70$ for a groupon for an oil change and new brakes, when I went back they told me I didn't need new breaks yet they can't refund groupons? That's fine so give me the brakes I paid for, they didn't don't go here.
1	I paid $152 for a new battery one week ago.  I know I overpaid but I do it so I don't have to mess with the car myself.  Well, today at lunch my car died again.  I popped my hood and checked out the battery.  I tugged on the connections to the battery and...they slipped right out.  The screws weren't even tightened on the battery terminals!  I checked the other connector and they were also loose.  I had to walk to the nearest store to grab the proper tools to tighten the screws and I missed an important work meeting!I called Fletcher's corporate to complain and could only connect with a voicemail (Really?  Do they get so many complaint calls that they just turn on the answering machine???).  I left a message with my phone number and am not holding my breath on a return call.This Fletcher's location is WAY too expensive for the poor quality of service that they provide!  This is not the first time I have been at the mercy of their sloppy work ethic.  Do yourself a favor and take your business somewhere else!
