1	Wow. I've been a Verizon customer for almost 11 years now and I was very disappointed by the lack of customer service I received today by a particular rep. I did not get his name unfortunately.This is a newer location close to my home and I was excited to finally upgrade to a newer phone. However, I ultimately changed my mind on doing so at this store because of the sales rep I encountered. Perhaps I expect more bc I was a sales rep for 6 years and I can see thru the B-S, but I think most folks would have felt a similar level of annoyance based on the exchange.This was an easy sale for him. A cake walk. I was about to spend whatever $ to upgrade my phone and all the necessary accessories including a car charger, phone case and screen cover because I was ready to do so. Of course I'm not aware of their commission structure, but it's fair to assume he would have made $ on the sale. Positives-Store was clean, new, and well set up. My mom worked with a pleasant, friendly sales rep the day prior so I know they do have good reps working there. Negatives-Rep I worked with today never attempted to inquire/learn about my need as a customer. That's sales 101 my friends. He was more interested in spouting out the bells and whistles about the droid than actually listening to his customer. I could care less about a super duper top of the line pimped out phone-I've been using my LG for years now without a front that works properly, but to me, a phone is just a phone and it was time to upgrade to a basic newer phone with the credit I had.I asked several times for a comparison between the iphone 4 and the droid. He did give basic differences which I appreciated. I learned that you don't get to service your iphone at Verizon stores, you have to go to the apple store. That was a helpful piece of information. However, when I asked about accessories and details about a screen cover he stared at me blankly and sarcastically responded "it's a screen cover." He lost the sale there. Obviously I'm competent enough to know it's a screen cover, I was asking about other features it offered and the different ones available. He also wouldn't give my Mom and I space/time to review the info ourselves, he hovered the entire time.Perhaps I just caught him on bad day, but I was taken aback by his approach, clear sales pitches and dis-ingenious nature. I will be going to a different location to upgrade, but I did not feel listened to or valued as a customer today with him.
2	My husband and I went here at 7:30 on a Monday to upgrade my Droid X2 to a white Iphone 5. I knew I wanted that particular phone so I called earlier to see if they had any (which they did) and to find out what time they closed (9pm). I figured going to a stand-alone location in Ballantyne would be pretty easy, you know just walk in, grab the phone, and leave. That is what we did, we just had to wait over an hour to even be seen by anyone! I just thought the wait was ridiculous. After about 40 minutes we were offered a soda, but who wants that at 8:15 at night? We were then told we would be seen shortly. Shortly was 20 minutes later. I understand they had difficult customers who couldn't make up their mind and had to be talked through the phone buying process. But really? I hope we were an exception. The sales person who we finally did see was very nice, and he apologized for the wait. We had my new phone in hand and paid for in about half an hour. ** Just a side note though because I have not had an upgrade in a couple of years, but does anyone else know about/think is crazy that Verizon now charges $30 to upgrade? Even if the phone is free you still get charged $30 on your next bill. I think it's stupid and plan on calling customer service to see if I can get this taken off. Totally taking advantage, and nickle and diming where it hurts.
1	this store is NOT A VERIZON STORE.  they do not state that anywhere.  They fraudulently issued me an insurance policy that has been charging my account for 10.99 a month.  I never signed up NOR agreed to this insurance policy.BEWARE.
5	I swung into this location the other day to buy an iPhone for my Mother-in--Law.  It's her first smartphone, ever.  I arrived just after opening and sat down immediately with an employee, John.  Anyway, we discussed what we wanted to purchase, that I wanted to change our family share plan to accommodate her new smartphone rather than the original basic phone, etc.  He made the process seamless and found the phone I wanted, even though it showed to be only one in stock and it was nowhere to be found.  John quickly uncovered where it was hidden, set it up and made the requested changes to our plan.  I was in and out quickly, and with a toddler in tow, this can be a great thing.  Overall, I would highly recommend this Verizon Wireless store for your phone needs.  Thanks for an easy purchase and thank you for going above and beyond to find what I was looking for!
1	I have had Verizon for several years and I just went in to ask them a question mind you there were two other customers being helped already. There were four employees, none of them acknowledged that I was there or even said they would be right with me. I waited for around 20 minutes just to see if someone would help me but no I did not receive any help nor did anyone say anything to me at any point. I have never had such poor customer service at any place I will never return!
1	I went in today after I had gotten off work to see if there was anything they could do about my phone. I was already in a bad mood since the phone I had was broken and not able to update from 4.1 to 4.4(hardware defect I later found out), I also had to stay on the phone for an hour while tech support told me something I already knew, that they would have to send a replacement. Received my replacement today as well but the phone(out of the box) would not stop rebooting(Verizon had sent me a defective referb in the mail),  Anyway, I go into the store to get assistance for my phone and the agent(forget his name,black male, bald head, large-heavy set) doesn't even get out of his chair to greet me, I have to come over to him. In addition, his coworker at the time was too busy playing on the company computer to even acknowledge my existence( the only time he did was when I threatened to go to another phone provider since the lack of care for my issue was so apparent only for him to tell me that the INS company Verizon uses for their phones is used by everyone else so it would be no point to change). The other agent who was handling my phone seemed very knowledgeable about the hardware he was paid to support. I knew he was not very tech savvy when he attempted to hard shutdown my phone only to trigger the photo snap. In addition, he seemed very unwilling to go the extra mile to support my issue or even show sympathy for the inconvenience I've been through up to this point, the only thing he offered was to contact customer support for a new phone, he didn't even have the courtesy to do it there at the store, which another store agent at an entirely other store did( after I left that horrible disgrace for customer service). No wonder that place was empty when I got there, no one wants to be treated like that. I plan on going back just so I can get the name of the two agents and report them and Verizon to the BBB for such horrible customer service to a long time paying customer.
5	Loved the store. Russell was most helpful!  The store in my town has never been this attentive to my needs.
1	Don't shop here - GO TO A CORPORATE VERIZON STORE.I had my worst retail experience in my entire life at this store.  I should say that again, I am not exaggerating: my worst retail experience in my entire life.I agree with the previous review of this store on a parallel yelp entry for this store.  I dealt with Byron Huskins and he cancelled my order for iPhone 6 Plus phones without even telling me.  I only found out when I called to pickup my phones that although they had arrived I was not going to be allowed to leave the store with them.  The order wasn't really cancelled, the phones were there but Byron didn't want me ever getting them.I elevated this issue to the manager (he manages several of these stores throughout Charlotte, he said "you are not going to leave the store with these phones."The employees outright lie to you, you think they couldn't do that.  I was told if i didn't like it I should hire an attorney.  They dared me to sue them.  They have a devil may care attitude.When someone acts with impunity and uses the cliche to sue them if you don't like it, you know you are in peril as a customer.If you cancel your contract within 6 months of starting your order this store will charge you for the purchase price of your smartphone, you will still owe Verizon Wireless $350, but this store could charge you up to $800 more on top of that.  They also have higher prices on the phones than a corporate store so you if you cancel you will pay more than if you walked into a Verizon Wireless corporate store and outright bought a phone without a contract at full ticket.  If you order a phone from a Verizon Wireless corporate store you can get the phone for the subsidized price, cancel the contract the next day and only pay the $350.These people are terrible and the deals are worse.  There are many more reasons to never shop here.  My experience was the worst and as a result I have hatred, that is a very strong emotion to get from trying to buy something.After posting this a number was left to contact: THERE WAS ABSOLUTELY NO RESOLUTION OF THIS ISSUE AND I WAS TOLD THAT CORPORATE HEADQUARTERS WAS POWERLESS TO RESOLVE THIS ISSUE.
1	Walked into the store with the full intention of buying two brand new phones and upping my contract.  Spent a good 3-5 minutes looking at iPhones, another 5 minutes looking at Samsung, then more time at the accessories, tablets... and oh, did I mention that literally NO employee whatsoever greeted me, approached me, asked if I needed help, or even ACKNOWLEDGED that I was there.Go fly a kite - drive the extra two miles or whatever it is to the Arboretum store where you're properly greeted and taken care of .  What is this - hollywood?  There's no place for arrogance like this at a dang mobile phone store in south Charlotte.
1	No resolution was ever given.  They offered to have me call but that was to no avail.  The call was a complete waist of time and any claim to the contrary is a superficial attempt to save face in front of people reading about this company on yelp.  Count all those 1 star reviews - they don't happen  by accident.
