4	Craig Davidson was a mission to get to. Originally booking an appointment at Zeeba, part of the same chain, I promptly turned up to find out an empty store leading me to deduce that it had closed down. Suitably confused as to who I had talked to before, I rang up the number which was answered by a cheery fellow. Even more confused now I was explained to that Zeeba doesn't exist any more (confirming my suspicions Dr. Watson) and that the new salon was just around the corner. So off I trundled and shortly was greeted by the same cheery man who told me not to be embarrassed (I wasn't, don't worry), it happens to loads of people. To be honest it made me question more why they still were advertising a place that was shut down, but hey it got me through the door, so their devious scheme works on some idiots at least.So after that brief adventure we got down to the actual business of getting my hair cut, which after all that seemed rather an anti-climax. There was the always appreciated head massage when getting shampooed and then me and the hairdresser had a good old chat. As well as this she actually cut my hair pretty much exactly as I asked which was great, she added a bit of personal flair but didn't just turn renegade. They are a personal fear of mine - maverick hairdressers, but thankfully she was great. Half an hour later I nipped out, head slightly chillier, but satisfied. For students Craig Davidson (and Zeeba if you fancy it) are on the Snapfax, offering 40% off the 1st visit (mon-fri), 40% off on Fridays 9am-3pm and 25% any other time (mon-fri).
5	"I'm not offended by all the dumb-blonde jokes because I know that I'm not dumb.  I also know I'm not blonde."  ~Dolly Parton  For the record, I am not blonde either...but I love that quote! Ha!Every gal needs a decent hairdresser, and it took me years of living in Edinburgh and some terrible hair disasters before I found Craig Davidson's in Bruntsfield.  Without going too overboard, they are like my little hair fairies - from the minute you walk through the door everyone knows you (**Play Friends' theme tune now**) & they have even started reserving the *Best* magazines for me ...it's the small things in life! ;-)The gang are lovely & very talented, I always ask for Craig as I know he's consistent (always book out more time than you think as he is a perfectionist, and always runs over... that can't be a bad thing, right?!)Can't recommend enough!!
3	Unfortunately, Craig Davidson didn't do it for me.I'd wanted to try somewhere that wasn't a chain, thinking that I wouldn't feel as though I was being put through an assembly line.  Unfortunately it still felt like an assembly line, only a poorly manned one that resulted in Craig (who was cutting my hair) having to answer the phone and help customers who stopped in while he was in the middle of my cut.  My cut was really just a trim and was mediocre at best, just not laying right and resulting in me wearing my hair pulled back every day as opposed to just most of the time.  The styling took it to the next level and I actually felt that he took more time "styling" my hair than actually cutting it.  Salt spray apparently makes your hair dull, stiff and tangled... like you've spent the day at the beach.  I looked like I put my finger in a light socket and the minute I got out of the salon, tied it back to hide the horrible.  It was not an experience I'll be repeating.
