3	I would like to give a review but they were out of mostly all the great goodies that were recommended to me, therefore I will have to go back after the holiday.
5	First of all, I love that Chip Nutty Cookies is a shrine to the owner, Chip Nutty (not his real name).  Every parking space has a sign with Chip Nutty's head on it, there are a million pictures of him, books he's written, etc all over the store.  The best part is that almost every time I've gone in there, Chip Nutty is baking fresh donuts, talking to customers, or working the register.  Like the previous reviewer said, they are out of popular items, frequently.  The reason for this seems to be that they bake everything fresh, so I can appreciate that, and I usually find something equally delicious when that happens.  They say that they use fresh natural ingredients for everything, and it tastes like they do.  The coffee is decent, the baked items are (usually) fresh, and it's a pretty interesting store inside.  Give Chip Nutty a shot, you'll find something you like!
1	This place was strange the sign states 24 hours, great, however it was a sunday afternoon at 3pm.  I had passed this place many times never stopping put saw it in the news when a gentlemen went missing and he came into the cookie place and the owner gave him coffee n cookies til the police arrived.  i thought sounds like a good man I will try some cookies lol  A lady behinde the store said you can park a/r front, so we did.  We walk in no fresh smell of anything, and chip nutty aka charles said she didnt tell you we're closed I said no but okay see ya lol  Than I see in the news where he went missing I wasnt surprised, I hate he did that to his employees but I was there a month ago and thought it was weird and something wasnt right.  So theres my crazy story on chip nutty lol
1	About a month ago I went in for a late night snack and Chip was sitting on the couch with papers scattered everywhere.  He was talking on his cellphone, sounding anxious and disorganized.  They didn't look open, but the lady at the counter rang me up for some cookies anyway.  She then insisted I take a flyer describing their "stock" program and that I "tell all my friends".  They apparently were supposed to open a half dozen new locations and were going to sell at a supermarket that I had never heard of (but that was supposedly where Compare Foods is located).  I would imagine these "shares" they were selling would just be a printed copy of a Microsoft Word document.  3/4 of it would be Chip's giant head, the rest a little statement: "Good for one Share of Chip Nutty Cookies".  It seemed a little odd, so I just threw it away.  A few weeks later I heard that Chip skipped town with investors' money, and hadn't paid his employees in weeks.  I'll miss those cookies, but, man... what a weird dude.  I still maintain the previous 5 star review because the food was good, and the place had some potential, but Chip screwed it up by going all Bernie Madoff on the community.
