5	Even though this is a new company to the united states, it's apparently been around in Germany for almost 100 years. They are the "Enterprise of Europe," as the customer service counter rep likes to point out. They ran out of compacts, so I got a free upgrade to a brand new 2013 Hyundai Sonata with only 1100 miles on it (that car itself is worth a five star rating).  The price for a two day rental was HALF the price of Enterprise / Hertz, and was even cheaper than Fox car rental!One minor tip - please consider changing that crazy name. It sounds too close to something that teenagers do (s*xting).
5	We had never heard of this company before (they come from Germany) but Nascar races made it nearly impossible to rent a car in Phoenix when we went for a wedding.  We found Sixt and got a car for 4 days for $250 when Budget was $800 for the same four days.  We were skeptical, since we hadn't heard of them, so reserved a car at another place just in case.  We got to Phoenix, and the counter person was wonderful.  Checking in and out was quick and easy, the price was as quoted, the counter person (I wish I'd gotten his name!  Young man working on the afternoon of 11/8) was terrific.  We would definitely look for this company again!
4	I rented a Hyundai from this company, it only had 5 miles on it. The counter people were pleasant and offer you the same BS upgrade all the companies do, nothing special ( a little advice Sixt, try offering free upgrades, don't try to charge 10 dollars for a bigger Hyundai, possible 3 in longer car with less gas mileage is not worth it, plus I believe people might be more comfortable with a choice like Camrys that you have advertised). The guy out in the lot was most energetic (he went as far as to tell me the history of the company) as well as the car rental return lady. Their prices were great, although not true to what I agreed to. They offer you two price selection, with an alternate lock in your price option, which is what I have a little problem with. What I agree to paid and what my credit card was charged was about almost 20 something dollar difference which was steal cheaper than the competition, I will have to look over the agreement again when I get some time. I had never heard of this company and to research and read the reviews in Europe, they were horrible, but I still decided to take the chance because it was short notice and on a budget as well as the reviews in the United States were favorable.The lot guy and myself discussed this as well. I was ready to go over this car with a fine tooth comb after reading previous reviews from Europe, but the attendant help me relax when he told me this car only had 5 miles on it, but the return lady, I felt the need to walk around the car with her, making sure she didn't mistake mud for scratches, but I understand she was just doing her job.
5	First time using the company. Was initially very apprehensive since it was the lowest priced option. Was AMAZED with their service! No high pressure sales on all the extras, free upgrade for the "inconvenience" of a couple extra minutes of waiting at the counter while they would find a car, super fast and high tech (ipad) car pick up and return! Upon return person inspected car and sent receipt and proof of no damages to my email. Will from now on only rent from Sixt where available.  Oh and they are a european company that has been around for 100 years!!!:)
5	Renting from Sixt was a great experience. I had never heard of Sixt until I was looking for a rental car for a few days in Phoenix. If you ever have rented a car in Phoenix you know it can be very expensive. Normally I go with National because I can choose by own car but this time I went with Sixt because they were over $120.00 cheaper for the same class of car. At first I thought that this was too good to be true but my co-worker told me that Sixt was huge in Europe and that I should be ok. He was more than right. The staff was extremely helpful and friendly and the car was almost brand new. I will make sure I rent from Sixt again whenever I travel.
5	Staff was friendly, check in was quick and easy just needed to catch a shuttle to all rental cars in Phoenix, prices are extremely reasonable $145 including all fees and taxes for a week for a full size car. Was apprehensive about this inexpensive rental company but could not be happier. Upon arrival we were upgraded to a brand new Hyundai 2013 Tucson SUV with 14 miles on the od!!  This company is beginning opening locations throughout the us.
1	PHX locals be careful - READ WEBSITE Rental Information and contract.Summery of issues:1.  misleading booking information unless you hunt for it on sixt.com.2.  PHX staff seems clueless on the on rules.3.  PHX staff attempts to make it seem that the rules don't apply - even though it's in the contract.4.  Customer service eventually response - but tries to give subtle blame to you and points this out by using the wrong information. Details of issue:In the on-line booking process you have the idea that the rental is unlimited miles - NO MATTER (like any of the reputable car rental companies; hertz, Avis, etc).  On their website - on vehicle selection page, to the right of the rate it states "unlimited free miles incld."  There is now "limitation" warning on this page.  There is no terms and conditions on this page (except at the bottom - general terms that mention nothing about this).When selecting the rate you are taken to the "Rate and Extra" page.  Under "Your Rate", it stills mention "Include: Unlimited Miles".  Looking all over this page - there is nothing that warns you.  No terms and conditions link is visual.  However, the obvious place under "Age Restriction", the user has to hover over this section in order for "Rental Information" link to be displayed.  Hidden in the "rental information" there is a section title "Cross Border Rentals & Territorial Restrictions" here it does state that "Renters who do not have a return airline boarding pass or round trip airline itinerary may not drive the vehicle outside the state of Arizona."  This is also located on the "Personal Information" page at the very bottom under "rental information".The major problem when questioning the staff - they had NO IDEA of this and said "we never charge anyone extra miles."  Trying to make it seem like you will be OK  - even though their Website and Contract states otherwise.Because I read - in detail - the contract after i had gotten the card, I was still charged for the day.  However, after contacting Sixt regarding issues they did refund the money.  However they are sure to point out the following "Allow me to take this opportunity to inform you of our policy that can be found in our terms and conditions on-line."  WRONG!  It's the Rental Information.So for everyone - ensure that you read the "Rental Information" and the Contract closely no matter if you are "local" or "non-local".
1	Moderate wait to sign rental agreement - 15 mins wait for car - brought wrong one - employee scribbled something on old contract and I balked when wanted contract with correct car and mileage - not something a 6th grader can scribble down - wait is now over 20 mins for correct contract with correct car.  Recordkeeping and promptness fail - maybe a little too early to come over from Europe and try the USA on for size.==========In the end it was 27 minutes from when they said I should wait a few minutes for them to bring my car over to when I got a vehicle with the correct contract ready to drive off.Sixt ist schrecklich==========Return the next day - this company is cartoony.  Pull into the Sixt aisle which is included with Fox, Payless, and some other low-rent company.  Sixt has 4 spots with their name on it - one buy the counter and three in the next zip code.  All 4 are full so I pull into an unmarked one near the 3 in the next county and walk to the counter.  Hand over my key and contract and the desk lady (well girl really - not old enough to be a lady) asked where the car was and I gave her cross country instructions to the location - she rolled her eyes and gave me the pissed off look and I commented that if they wanted us to park close to the counter, even if in another company's spot, they should make that clear with signage - none of which was present.  So she huffed and puffed to my car to get mileage and make sure a bird didn't crap on the car so they could charge me $10,000 in damage.  Came back and said I am good to go.  I asked for a receipt and she said they don't give them out - they would email it OR if I really wanted one I could go to the counter inside, wait in line, and get one.  No SPANKY you.The whole experience left me hearing the Looney Toons in my head.Car itself was fine - Sonata with low miles.Next time when asked Sixt?  I will reply NEIN!  Is that kind of 6ty-9ty? LOL - which matched this operation in Phoenix.
1	Worst rental experience ever!! The staff was unprofessional and aloof. When asked if we were waiting for a car, we replied "yes", the staff person walked off without telling us what was happening. He never returned. 10 minutes later I aproached a Sixt employee asking for help. (there were a few people sitting on chairs, conversing loudly). When I asked for help, they huffed and walked off. No indication that our car was coming. 20 minutes later, we asked for help from another employee regarding our car. After 30 minutes our car finally arrived. It was unclean and the employee was reluctant to put body damage on the rental form. This is completely unacceptable. I will NEVER rent from this company again.
2	This was my first time renting from Sixt.  The first car I was given proved to have been previously damaged and when I discovered the problem (it may well be that Sixt did not know of damage - - could have been done by a previous renter) I had to take half a day in order to return the rental to the Phoenix Airport for an exchange.  The second car Sixt gave me had a very small ding in the windshield so I had the company's agent make note of that on my contract.  After arriving home I received a call from Sixt's informing me that I was responsible for the windshield damage!  When I informed the agent that I had in writing a note that the damage preceded my having possession of the car I was told that I had to mail Sixt a copy of that rental document with their agent's comment - - if I did not do so, I would be charged!  So beware.  While I liked my car and the rate was certainly the best, Sixt's failure to properly inspect its own fleet before sending cars out to a new renter could cost you - - and you would have no defense.
1	Huge line to pick up a car even though I made a reservation :-(
1	Their services was a nightmare. There was no instruction, no direction, no guidance on what you had to do to get the car. I had to figure everything up myself. On top of that, at the return, the staff would randomly list unreal damages on the car on the check sheet. Without a view of the check sheet, they asked to sign on an ipad and said that was the only a proof of the car return. Dirt on windshield would become a crack. Dirt on the car body would become a scratch. Only a paper tissue was needed to remove those listed "damage". Their car smell really bed inside. They do not even try to spray some air refresher before they deliver the car to customer. Besides that, there was no way to obtain an invoice with the information that provided. Last name, confirmation number, invoice number, customer number, none of them worked on their website. Ironically, their website was the only place that they claimed to be able to obtain an invoice. It is definitely the worst rental experience ever. No matter how much they charge, it is the money not worth to spend.
1	One star is a lot for this company. This is the worst service I have received ever. First, I made a reservation online and when I was almost done they offered me to fill some forms so I can go directly to pick up the car without going to the main counter to fill the forms there. They gave me a QR code. When I get to the airport I still went to the main counter to ask some questions and I show the employee the confirmation and the QR code. I didn't get what I wanted so I told her "This is a bad company". She said: "Well, we have all our rules on the internet". Fair enough. I go downstairs with my QR code. Right. When I was down there I show the employee the QR code and she said "You need to go upstairs to fill all the forms".  You got to be kidding me! Upstairs I go again and I tell the same girl, "so this QR code is not working" (I have a little bit of an attitude now). She said that they need to fill that there. I am like, why do you have this then? She said they don't have that service in almost any location (she has some attitude now too). So, I asked  why they  offer it in the first place and she is mad at me now, and said she is not the web page. I am like: "Are you serious" So, I tell her I was just here and you didn't tell me. You let me go downstairs. She responded that I say this was stupid and walk away. At this moment I just want to punch her, so I turn to the other employee and said can you help me?This was ridiculous. I now she is not the web page for right now she is representing the company and I am not a happy customer. Once you prepaid over the internet, you can't change drivers. Any additional driver is $10 per day and you can't add another driver just for a few days. They charge you for any cancellation even when you do it in advanced, so they can have the car in the market again.
4	I don't travel as much as I used to, but I had always stuck to my usual companies for renting a car.  Sixt stuck out since they had way better rates than the others. so I took a chance.  It was easy to reserve, easy to pick up, and easy to drop off.  The rate was great, the only thing I did not like so much is the fact that I had a Hyundai Santa Fe.  I was not crazy about the car, even though it was new and they upgraded for free.  The guy behind the counter at the time of pick up was young, but he knew the history of the company and knew how to get me in and out of there quickly.  He looked just like Owen Wilson and was funny too!  I appreciate a young person who give good customer service.  The guy upon return was great too, and he too was a young person.  So I say good for you Sixt for hiring the right kind of people to represent your company.
1	I found renting from your company to be the worst experience I've ever had from a car rental company.  Unfortunately for me, fortunately for you, I had a prepaid reservation. Otherwise I would have gone anywhere else. I stood in line for almost 20 minutes at skyharbor international airport with only one person in line before me. The other rental counter that shares your space, fox rental, had 4 people servicing their desk. I counted how many more people were waited on before I was "served" at your counter (8). I also did not appreciate your policy of $350 deposit on my credit card without being forewarned.  Your return area was just as bad with only ONE return slot which was already filled.  I will pay full price before I rent from you again. A copy of this review will be posted online for other readers.
1	Service is horrible. Pick-up was just ok, but vehicle was filthy and had trash in it. Attendant was same at pick-up and turn-in. She was dismissive and curt. Was visibly and audibly upset when I made her walk to the car at check-in and physically inspect the car for cleanliness, damage and a full tank. WARNING, YOU GET NO DOCUMENTATION OF ANY KIND AT TURN-IN. They just tell you you will get the final rental bill by email within 24 hrs. NEVER AGAIN WILL I RENT HERE!
5	I rent from Hotwire on all my car rentals and I travel quite a bit in the summer. I was given this company SIXT from hotwire and I had never heard of it before. I saw that it had a lot of negative reviews which made me wary, but I like to give the benefit of the doubt. I have never had a bad experience using Hotwire for rentals, so I thought it must be okay. SIXT was a good experience and the workers I encountered were more than friendly especially the young man at the counter upstairs. They rent nothing but 2013 cars and I got a full size SUV that was fully loaded. A red Chevy Tahoe with navigation, leather, etc.   There was a small stain in the middle of one of the seats that I later discovered and called customer service about to be sure I didn't get charged for it. They were responsive and noted my contract and there was no problem with it upon return. The car was nice and the return experience was easy too. I am used to getting an email receipt as that is the wave of the future with all transactions and I am not opposed to it to save paper and trees.  Everyone has a different story.  Mine is a good one and SIXT was good for me and for the car I got was the best price.  If I go to phoenix again I would rent from SIXT.
1	I scheduled a car here a month and a half ahead of time. I called to confirm the morning we were to pick up the car and they said I had no reservation and quoted a higher price. I replied they were charging more than they quoted earlier and the man rudely and abruptly interrupted me and said I can go somewhere else then, which I did. I will not give my money to businesses who treat customers like cow dung.
1	"Thieves!!! I left some expensive sunglasses in the middle console of a vehicle I returned recently to the Sixt Phoenix airport location. Once I landed at my destination, I called and no one had seen them. I knew exactly where I left them. Totally slipped my mind to grabbed them and a Sixt employee stole them. Karma is a beast. Just wait and see.My young son left his iPad before (with a more accredited rental car company) and they overnighted it to me-no problem. Not these thieves!!!!!!Plus, the customer service is bad. Long waits to rent and inattentive, lethargic employees who obviously hate there jobs. Never again Sixt.
1	Is this the cheapest rental place in Phoenix? Yes. Will they nit pick you with add on fees? YesJust returned from a 3 day trip to AZ, so here is my review. Counter- no wait, I had everything filled out online prior to my arrival. But the woman behind the counter was almost trying to bully me into taking their insurance coverage. Even after I told her I had two policies that cover rental. The car was ok. Hyundai elantra with 31K but overall good shape.The RETURN: Stopped at gas station less then 3 miles away and topped off the tank. Kept receipt and showed the person checking the car in. Asked for a copy of the return and they said it would be emailed . So to my surprise, I was billed for 2 gallons of gas "refueling".  It was topped off so I'm assuming this is a regular trick they play to add cost. When I do this again, I will pay a little more to have a better experience.
5	Upgraded me to a convertible.  Great counter staff.  Short line.  Good price.  Wow, and only ten feet from those so and so's from Fox.
5	I was leary after Yelp reviews but was very impressed for these reasons:  1- rented a full size car and was given a brand new Volvo- I understand that's lucky.  But girls at service desk were very friendly and helpful. No one was in line before me so I can't say how long I would have waited. Again, maybe just got lucky.  2- drop off line was very quick.  As I pulled car in, the Sixt representative was there to check my car in. He was also very helpful and friendly.  They do email you a receipt so make sure you know there is no damage when you drop car off.
5	Had a great experience with SixT out of Sky Harbor.  Starting with the beautiful and wonderful Antonia who greeted me at the counter. I had a new convertible for a great price. No wait in line or to get the car. Bringing it back was just as easy. Everyone was wonderful! Thanks all.
5	I was apprehensive about renting from Sixt because there were some negative reviews, but I was able to rent a much nicer car for the same amount of money.  After I booked (using rentalcar.com I found my rental would be cheaper booking through their website) I received an email to speed up the check out process.  I filled this out.  When I arrived at the check-in, I had the key in my hands in three minutes.  By Far this is 3 times faster than any other rental company I have ever dealt with.  I went down and jumped in my car and drove away.  It was great, exactly what I expected.My only suggestion would be to do a very thorough walk around and be sure to point out any issue before you leave the garage.  They do a very careful walk around including a full inspection of the windshield.  They found a scuff on one of the wheels that I did not note when I picked up my car.  He asked me about it and there was no mark on the tire so he did not charge me for it.  I do think he would have tried if I did not present a logical case against how it could not be a recent scratchI will probably never rent from anyone else since these guys have such a great price, service, and cars.
5	Rented my car in Phoenix. Fast service at the counter when picking up the car, and very fast when returning, at 12 a.m., where  I was concerned I'd have to wait longer at that hour...no problem.Also asked for upgrade if possible, and the agent was able to put me into an intermediate car with 120 miles on it, which I really enjoyed, at no extra cost.
5	We got our reservation through Hotwire. They were the best in value giving us a mid-size SUV for 7 days for $293 with unlimited miles. Since they didn't have the mid-sized SUV when we got there, they upgraded us for free to a Chevy Suburban. The SUV was very clean, had a in-dash GPS, satellite radio, and a lot of room for two people. The desk personnel handling our rental were very courteous and friendly. No delay in getting our car. I would rent from these guys again.
5	I travel to Phoenix at least once a month and always pass by Sixt counter  never stop by because I thought they are a SUB car rental agency Where they rent you  an older model cars but this time I needed a car and the rates where so high because of the spring training so I used Hot Wire looking for the best deal and they selected SIXT.I didn't like that but it was almost $120.00 cheaper than the agency that I do business with so I went for it. When I got there I was treated very well and the agent hand me a key to Mercedes E350 much better car than what I ordered. So I went downstairs thinking of a high mile older car I was shocked to find a band new car with 4000 miles fully loaded. I pick up the car and used it . The return was very fast all their personal  handled me with TLC checked out the car e-mailed me my rec'd and I was on my way. I left my car charger in the car and the agent came after me and gave it to me. This is service. Every one was nice a courteous and friendly. I recommend every one try it. I am also hoping that this is not one of "first time experience " and that they will treat me like this always. Otherwise YELP will get another write up.
5	This is my second time renting from Sixt, and both times have been great. I had all my information for the rental put in the computer before I got there and the time from when I got to the counter to downstairs in my car was less than 10 minutes. My car was clean and smelled new, (Volkswagen Jetta) with 8,000 miles on it. I rented for about 1/3rd of the price of the other rental car companies, even though it was a busy weekend with NASCAR and spring training. Upon return car was inspected and I was emailed a receipt. Staff member found my phone and gave it to me. Over all good people working.I would recomend
5	Having never heard of Sixt, I checked here prior to renting. It looks like they didn't have a great reputation at one point but appear to be turning around. I figured we'd give it a chance! Glad we did - super nice people working the desk, personable and friendly! We walked away with a nice upgrade, no issues with the car, return was so simple. Pulled in, gave up keys and made our way to the shuttle for the airport. Fees suck but can't fault them, it's the problem with renting at an airport and dealing with hospitality in general - lots of taxes. In the end, I'd definitely use them again.
5	This was our first time renting from Sixt and it was great!  We made our reservation with Sixt because they had the best price for a minivan during spring training. We waited in line less than 10 minutes and the customer service representative was friendly, courteous, and efficient, and there was no pressure to upgrade or take extras that we didn't need, including additional insurance.  Once downstairs, another friendly Sixt employee showed us to our car, which was a clean, new minivan. All in all, a great experience renting from Sixt--we'll definitely use them again.
5	huge thumbs up for Sixt!  was wary as a first time renter, but it could not have been better.  nice car with all the bells and whistles and the car was there for me as promised - something hertz has had a problem with lately.
1	I'm a repeat customer and the last time really left a bad impression.  I rented a luxury SUV for a day trip... When passing Tucson (about 3 hrs away from phx) I had to put air in the tires.  The next day when getting ready to head back to phx both left tires were flat.  I took it to the only opened shop (it was a Sunday) and they informed me both rims were cracked and only BMW could replace them!  I called sixt and told me it was all my responsibility since I declined their insurance.  There was a problem shortly after I rented it so clearly it wasn't my fault.  I thought it was only due to weather/elevation changes that the air was running low.  My immediate thought wasn't hmmmmm let me turn around 3 hrs and exchange it for another vehicle.  After $1900 out of pocket expenses and 2 day extension on my rental I can finally head back home... No thanks to rude sixt.  Every time I called sixt (3 times to rude Alejandra in phx) they would give me a runaround and excuse after excuse.. "Refer to the contract refer to the contract".. I doubt their untrained staff ever even read the contract themselves!  I asked one of the girls if she did and she responded with "well we'r very trained in what could be in the contract".  So does that mean no? I requested the manager to call me back 2 times and still nothing.  The last time I called the phx customer service rep Alejandra advised it's Monday he's really busy.  Alejandra what kind of a response is that? Seriously sixt? Business basics 101 always respond with what you can do not what you can't... even worse don't respond with a rude answer.  I am a customer!My point is.. I didn't crack the rim.. There was a problem from the beginning.  Every time I tried to explain this I was interrupted.I am going to be canceling my future reservations (yes I have 2 future existing reservations) and going to be taking my business to a more reputable company.Alejandra no offense but you really need to bring it down to a 2 or 1 with the attitude and take some serious classes on customer service.  Absolutely horrible!On another note.. Maria is AMAZING! Have picked up multiple rentals from her and if anything would bring me back it would be her personality and her desire to provide great customer service.Sixt.. I am out $1900.00 but I hope with telling my experience with your company you lose much more.  BTW I'm on the board of 2 different Arizona organizations as well as a director for a very large bank both who utilize car rentals heavily.
4	We flew into Phoenix to go house hunting. I booked a Camry or equivalent for the 8 days. I am not sure why they didn't have that vehicle or equivalent available. The young lady said she was going to upgrade me free of charge to a small SUV.I believe it was a Chevy Traverse. I am 6'5 and it had adequate leg room. But, I still would have rather had the better gas mileage in what I had booked since I was house hunting and running all over. But, it was still a nice little vehicle. The acceleration was horrible though.The young lady at the desk was very attentive and engaging for conversation and seemed to show genuine interest in my visit.The rental process took about 6 minutes. We went down and picked the vehicle up downstairs, that took another 3 minutes. The  vehicle was just cleaned. It only had about 3,500 miles on it so extremely new overall.The return was super easy and I was very thankful they were open at 6:00 AM. A couple seconds after arriving the guy looked the Chevy over, said I was all set and have a nice day. I do recommend filling up a couple exits before the airport as I didn't see any gas stations once I arrived in the actual airport area.They emailed me a final invoice which was exactly for what I had signed for the first day. I would certainly rent from them again. But, I would probably call ahead to make sure I was going to get the vehicle I booked and not something I didn't book.
4	Best rate. Rented a brand new Mercedes for same price of a basic car with other rental car companies. Smooth transaction. It was recommended not to pre-pay online so I just reserved the car. They actually upgraded me from C class to E class. Return was quick and they didn't find any damage on car we needed to dispute. I would rent from them again. 4 stars instead of 5 because that free upgrade was added to the receipt I got emailed for $10/day. I responded to that email with a basic statement saying it shouldn't be on there and they responded in a timely fashion saying it would be removed. I was pleased with the service I got when I initially called before renting and then with the issue post-rental. I would rent from them again.
5	I had a surprisingly great experience at Sixt car rental in Phoenix. It's a small budget car rental site and I normally don't have the best experience with small budget car rentals but my experience was amazing. Trent was our helpful car rental agent who was professional and funny and really got my girlfriends and I excited for our trip to Arizona. Both agents at the desk were having great conversations with their customers as well, so we know Trent wasn't the only awesome agent. The car was clean and in great condition. I wish all my car rental experiences were like this!
5	In last two months I had to fly to Phoenix AZ, I rented from two other rental companies, the amount was always a lot more then when I reserved the car, but with SixT it was the exact amount, a shock. I am going to rent from SixT next time I need a rental.
4	This was my first time renting with this company, and - even with the problems we had with the reservation and my corporate card - I am a fan.I flew into Phoenix from Seattle to get an SUV and deliver some crates to Bend, OR. I would then drive the vehicle to Seattle and fly home from there. Not easy arrangements to make, but they had the best deal, so we went with it.Once in PHX, they didn't have an SUV. Paul, the young gentleman at the counter, said he'd find something for me, so I described the size of the cargo and he made a phone call. He said, "Looks like you get a free upgrade!" Unfortunately, with the upgraded hold on the credit card, all we got was smoke from the machine.It seems that the deposit they require on your CC is DOUBLE the amount of the entire rental. Ouch. I had to call my employer and ask if they could raise my limit. Sixt does not take debit cards, even for double the amount.All told, the CC issue took a couple of hours. I didn't want to take it out on Paul, who was not only professional, but very helpful and sweet. He was even willing to call the competition to see if they had an SUV for me.We go the limit raised, and getting the car itself took minutes. Paul said he had hung onto the upgrade (even though other SUVs had come in during our wait), because I deserved it. They honored the original price.I enjoyed the long drive in my BMW.Drop off at SEA was easy-peesy, and I was on my way to TSA with no delay.
1	Do not ever rent a car here. They did not offer us roadside assistance to purchase.  We got a flat tire after driving 20 min. They refused to get help for us and even if we paid they said it would take 2-4 hours for any assistance to arrive. We were in the middle of no where in 100 degree heat.  Ive never had worse customer service ever.  Stick to other larger companies and make sure even when they don't offer to buy roadside assistance.
5	My family very rarely is in need of a rental car, but we had relatives from Boston come visit and we decided to take a trip to Disneyland from Phoenix. Problem was none of our cars were large enough for 7 - my aunt & uncle, their 13yo & 2yo, and me, my mom, and 17yo sister. Though I never heard of Sixt before, their rates were the most competitive for a 3 day rental. We were shopping around in March for an August rental. Though they offered a large inventory to choose from (lots of luxury options!) my mom wanted a minivan to keep costs low. Reservation process was easy, all taken care of online and they even sent reminder emails letting us know the pick-up date was coming. The biggest challenge during the entire rental process was finding where the actual pick-up office was... I guess they're assuming only people flying in to PHX get rental cars with the way the signs are made... (hint: even for pick up, head towards RETURN, or take the elevator in Visitor Parking down to the one huge lot). My mom was the on that picked up the car, and she believes there was a $600 deposit, though we never saw the actual hold on our Visa. Once there, the woman behind the counter informed her that the minivan we requested wasn't available, but she'd be able to offer an upgrade at no additional cost.... after just 20 minutes, my mom drove off with a 2015 Chevy Suburban, a rental option that was at least $150 more for the weekend when we were booking the rental Needless to say, the car was a success, a lot of seating and storage space, and my mom said its a dream to drive. Plus, with the unlimited mileage, we had no worries for our trip from PHX to LA and back. The return process was just as simple as the pick-up. We had a representative look over the car, check the odometer, and we went on our way after just 15 minutes. Return happened on Monday, final charge to the card was on Friday, and final invoice was received the next Monday. I recommend renting from Sixt. I know they'll be my first choice in the future.
1	If you could give a company 0 stars, I would. This was by far the worst rental car experience. The lady who helped us added an additional $140 to our reservation and didn't say a word about it until after running my card. When I questioned it she very rudely said too bad and that she couldn't redo it, which I know for a fact is not true it could have been cancelled and corrected. All in all, I'll never rent from them again.
5	I was a bit worried about using Sixt due to some the really brutal reviews here on yelp, but I have to say it was an excellent experience.  I came into Phoenix late on a Wednesday night, and saw that the line was pretty long at the three small rental car places that share a booth.  As I walked up though, the lines were for the other two places, not Sixt.  I walked up and was out the door in my car in about 10 minutes.  The price was fair, about the same as all the other rental agencies.  Where Sixt really wins is that they have some very fun cars for rent.  For the same price as a Chevy Malibu at one of the other rental places, I was able to have my choice of a Mercedes CLA, or an Audi A3.  I picked the CLA, and had a shiny black Mercedes with sunroof, for a long weekend.  The car had about 2,000 miles on it and still had that new car smell.  Dropping off was easy, the whole experience could not have gone better, I will use them again.
2	Via Hotwire, we booked and paid for a Standard SIze SUV. Upon arrival there were no SUV's available.  Eventually they said they had an SUV (Volvo XC70).  Turns out that the Volvo XC70 is a station wagon. (Per Volvo's website this is a "wagon", the XC90 is Volvo's SUV/Crossover).  When I tried to call to arrange for a replacement there was no way to reach the branch.  Their call center said that I could contact customer service in the AM.  They also said there were no supervisors on duty.  Hotwire could not be reached as well.  We reached the Branch finally and the person on the phone said and XC70 is listed on their website as a standard size SUV and it is.  However, a rental car company calling a wagon as a SUV does not make it so.  Car rental companies often call something large than it is (eg. an epa rated midsize is often called a full size vehicle) but declaring a car a different class in a blind buy is truly beyond the pale.  Stars off for Sixt for including a different class of vehicle in their list of equivalents.  Stars off for inability to reach any sort of customer service in a reasonable time frame. Otherwise, Sixt is normally decent in PHX. They (as all others) do have an issue with vehicle availability.  When you get your vehicle the cars are very clean and in great condition.  Consider NEVER using Hotwire and book direct with the Rental Car agency so you know what you are getting (even though Hotwire is often 1/2 the price of direct booking.)
5	Best car rental experience ever!I showed up after a lousy flight; hot, tired and just ready to not hassle with a car rental.  I didn't have to. Even though there were people ahead of me giving the desk guy a hard time and he was scrambling to make it all happen, he was nice, cheerful, courteous.  Then the news; " I'm sorry, we don't have the car you requested ... We have upgraded you " to a brand new Volvo (10 miles on the odometer) and off I went - 10 minutes later I was on the road.  All this for about $28 a day LESS than Budget and the others.    Great car.  Great price.  Great service.  What more could I want?  When I first rented, I didn't recognize the brand, I do now :)
1	I've been renting cars for about 20 years, and Sixt just provided me with the worst experience I've ever had. My wife and I flew into the Phoenix airport with our two kids. The line was only about nine people long, but it took absolutely forever because of the fact they said their computer systems were down. The staff was not very friendly or helpful. Then, when we got to the car itself, the car seats were atrocious. They were filthy and a couple of them were broken. They didn't have a single workable toddler car seat that was clean. We ended up just eating the cost of the rental in order to walk over to National and rent a decent car with a safe car seat. Start to finish, this was the worst car rental experience I've ever had, and I would not recommend Sixt to anyone.
5	I had the best experience with SIXT on my recent trip to Phoenix. I have used many other car rental companies at the airport in Phoenix and this was by far the best experience ever. The young woman who greeted us at desk was so friendly and helpful as was her manager that stopped by to engage in conversation. (It's really nice to be greeted with people who actually smile and whose goal it is to find you what you need.) She suggested an upgrade after carefully listening to us (no pushy sales pitch) and offered us a beautiful Volvo which was clean, new and so comfortable to drive for a very fair price. The whole process from start to finish was so pleasant and surprising. I hadn't heard about this company and have to admit I was skeptical. Highly recommend.
1	Let me start by stating that I was a little hesitant to try a different rental car company as I consistently use Hertz when I travel, however like the price offer found through carrentals.com, therefore I decided to give Sixt a try. Upon checking in there was no line, however it took over 20 minutes to get checked in which wasn't that much of an issue as the service rep was friendly. When getting into the vehicle, it was filthy! Bird poop on the windshield, and it looked like it had not been vacuumed in who knows how long. Dashboard was dusty and crumbs on seats. I would have taken the time to say something, but was already running behind so let it slide. BUT, where the service went from mediocre to awful was when we were pulled over due to the vehicle having expired tags!! Embarrassed would be an understatement to say the least. I was shocked that a rental car company would not stay on top of this. Tags expired in 6-14.Needless to say, I will stick with Hertz. Morale of the story, don't try to save a buck. Not worth the trouble.
1	If I could give them a negative star I would. The customer service was rude and I didn't end up getting the car that I already prepaid for. I'm still waiting on the supervisor to call back with my refund.
1	Do not rent from this seemingly crooked company. I booked a luxury car for a week for what I thought was a rock-bottom price. It was a case of too good to be true. Never before in renting a car have I been given such a hard sale when it comes to "insurance" add-ons -- all the way to being asked the name and policy information of my personal insurance. I was also warned strongly that the state of Arizona and the surrounding states required liability insurance and that Sixt provided none. (I will have to do some research to see whether that is indeed true, though I've never heard such a thing with Hertz or Avis or others.)  The agent pushed very hard for a $15 addition to cover rock chips and other damage to glass, which she said was "very common around here." Finally, on a $200 reservation, she said my card would be charged an additional $1,500 as a deposit. Nowhere did its website disclose such a high deposit. I refused and the agent was noncommittal when it came to providing me documentation that the rental was canceled and I would not be charged. I insisted on such proof and she eventually sent me an email that I hope will document such a lack of charges. Of course, with this company, who knows. Moral of the story: As always, if the price seems too good to be true, it probably is. Stay away from Sixt. It's not worth it.
5	Rented an AMAZING BMW 228i from these guys in Phoenix for about $5/day more than boring cars at their cheapo competitors. Bypassed the 30 minute line at Payless and walked right up to the Sixt counter. Car pickup was also fast.Signage in PHX could use a little improvement. Remember to stop at the counter on the main level before proceeding to the pickup area downstairs.If I ever need another car in Phoenix, I will be using this service again!
1	Please, please, please do not ever rent a car from this company!!!  My husband and I reserved a midsize SUV through Hotwire.  Upon our arrival at the airport in West Palm Beach, we were told they were low on all cars and would have to wait until one became available.  There was another couple also waiting for a car.  After 35 minutes we were told they were giving us a Mercedes SUV since it was the only car that was just returned.  Although they did not charge us any additional money, an employee drove the car up, left it running and walked away.  No one from SIXT even checked the car out with us for any visible damage.   Before entering the car, I took a picture because my son asked me to send it to him.  THANK GOD I DID!!!  Little did we realize that there was a bubble on the outside of the drivers side tire.  When we arrived at my brother's house 40 minutes later, he spotted the bubble and we immediately called the rental location who gave me the number of the main office.  I explained the situation to the women on the phone who not only apologized but told me that the tires on the Mercedes were known to bubble up, especially in Florida.   She went on to tell me that she actually bought a Mercedes SUV and actually had all her tires replaced immediately.  She then informed me she was sending out another SUV and picking up the Mercedes and that it would be there within the hour.  What was actually delivered was a MINIVAN!!!  I called the women back and she apologized again and said she was sending someone to pick up the minivan and deliver a SUV.  IT ARRIVED 2 HOURS LATER!  When I questioned the driver he said he came all the way from Fort Lauderdale!  I called the office AGAIN and spoke to the same women who went on to tell me that they AGAIN made a mistake and that the driver should not have delivered the SUV and that she specifically asked the West Palm location to deliver a SUV.  Regardless, the women was nice and said because of the inconveniences we had to go through, she was giving us vouchers towards our next rental and that they would be waiting at the desk when we returned the car to West Palm. Additionally, the women sent us more vouchers in the mail.  So now, a couple of months later, I get an email requesting payment for the tire and 2 towing charges!!!  The towing charges being for the delivery of the minivan and finally the SUV.  This company is totally out of control.  So instead of emailing them back, I actually called and spoke to a man in the claims department.  He said he was pulling my file and would document everything we discussed.   Of course that was not the end.  I received another FINAL email requesting payment.  At this point, my husband calls and speaks to another claims representative who says that he will get back to him.  Instead, I now receive a phone call from a collection agency requesting payment ON BEHALF OF SIXT!!!  I again explain the situation, informing them that not only do I have a picture of the tire, but I have 3 witnesses to all conversations held with the SIXT office that day because luckily I had the woman on SPEAKERPHONE!!!  Plus, wouldn't one think that the tire should have been covered under the manufacturer's warrantee since the Mercedes was new?  I have rented many cars over the past 35 years and have NEVER EVER DEALT WITH A COMPANY AS SHADY AS SIXT!  So please be aware, rent from Hertz, Budget, Alamo, Enterprise, Dollar, just anyone but SIXT!  Trust me, you will be so happy you did.
1	In over 40 years of renting cars I finally have a Worst.   And I have rented from Alamo!  Booked a car for LAX.  Waited at Car Rental Shuttle location, as always for 30 minutes. Called them (15 minute wait) only to find out that they are located in a Hotel!  Had to walk 500 feet to hotel shuttle area and waited another half hour.  Upon arrival there was a long line for the three hapless and clueless agents.  Had booked a full-sized car but they were out of just about everything. offered me a "Complimentary Upgrade"...to a Mercedes SLK roadster. Problem?  Its a tiny car and not one of my two large bags would even fit in it. Next offering was a ginormous SUV that would pass anything but a gas station.  Finally a Volvo station wagon was offered.  Reluctant about Volvo quality in general I reluctantly took it because i was now very late.   Driving to Phoenix I discovered that the electronics in the vehicle were not operating correctly, the language had been changed to Italian (no, seriously) bluetooth didnt work and most dangerously the side mirrors would fold and unfold capriciously without warning.  This almost caused me a massive crash on an onramp to I-10.   The next day I gingerly drove it to Phoenix Airport to exchange it for another vehicle.  I was greeted by an indifferent, rude and just plain stupid contract employee who had a problem with english.  After some phone calls i was told that the only car they had  (they seem to have a very tiny inventory, generally a shoestring operation in the US) was an Audi A-4...but I would be charged a much higher rate.   After wasting an over an hour they grudgingly gave me the Audi.  This is a mickey-mouse excuse for a car rental company who is trying to gain a US foothold with low inventory, contracted facilities and incompetant employees.   Truly the worst car rental experience I have ever had and I rent approximately 20 times each year.
1	Price: too high. $360 for 3 days. Service: Horrible. No Courtesy. No manners. Cancellation fees: $202Change fees: $30Car: ok not great.
4	I had never used Sixt before, but did so over the holidays since they were about 33% cheaper than any of the "major" rental companies. I had used Fox and Payless in the past and did not have good experiences, so I was a little wary about trying Sixt.When we arrived at the counter, we were the only ones in line. The other counters had long waits, so that was a plus for us. I signed up for some automated kiosk check-in, but learned when we arrived that it did not yet exist. Kind of strange, but since there wasn't a line, it wasn't really an issue. The car we rented had low miles and still had the new car smell. Leaving the lot was easy (almost too easy... no person in a booth to check our credentials before leaving the lot), and returning was just as simple. The agent checked the car upon return and emailed us a receipt. They did put a hold of $250 on my credit card when we left the lot, and though I don't recall other rental car companies doing this, it didn't really affect me. I didn't need to cancel or change anything, so I can't speak to any issues with that. Overall, the process getting in and out was a breeze, and the car was above average.
2	I paid for the car in full before I arrived for a quick check out. That didn't happen had to wait in line and go through all the steps again as the counter person had a cold and was more then happy to cough all over me several times. Have to take a swing at more upgrades.Then SIXT placed a hold  for $500 on my credit card 3 times what the price of the rental was.Upon arrival the attendant treats you like you have wrecked the car going over every inch of the car and the interior tells you every thing is good and you will be emailed a receipt. Knowing full well I should have never left without a receipt, I did because he told me nobody gets a receipt it will be emailed.So I left went to the front desk waited in line again got the receipt.Noticed an extra $6.57 charge on the bill after enquiring about it I'm told I didn't bring the car in with the fuel full, which is a sham car was filled up,  close by like I have been doing the past ten years.For $6.57 I'm not going to do anymore follow-up with it other then post it a couple of times and if others get the same over charges and  post it as well I'm sure it will eventually catch some hungry attorney who will eventually get even with SIXT.What comes around goes around.Just not sure how $6.57 is worth getting negative posts over and losing a customer for life.RESOLUTION SIXT management was all over this and kept digging deeperAfter 17 plus emails  we got to the bottom of the over charge some how I turned the car in two minutes early so they took a day off my bill and charged me for 3 gallons of gas to make it up "Tank was full" So they ended up refunding all three gallons of gas which was around $51. Had they just said thanks for renting no change on the estimate I would have been fine. This place is a cluster FunkI do hand it to management for getting to the bottom of this and I'm going to try it again I do like the cars I have doubled the star value from the original review.
