5	I am excited to write the first review for Jodi Lynn - the owner of Le Boudoir Studio. Her work is amazing and the pictures she took of me took my breath away. When we first viewed them I looked at her and said I am beautiful, and she said yes you are That is what she wants everyone to feel like. Amazingly beautiful! She does other pictures as well, of expectant mothers, babies, couples, weddings. I have viewed most of them and again, just absolutely stunning work. I am in awe. She takes the time to give you a work of art and memories that will last a lifetime. Please check her out, I promise you... you will not be disappointed.
5	you definitely get your time and money's worth. my pictures way surpassed anything i could have imagined. She took time to personalize my sets and props with my outfits, and we spent well over an hour picking out the pictures I wanted. She is very professional and experienced and I will go back to her for all my photography needs!
5	Jodi Lynn is fantastic.  She makes you feel like the most beautiful person in the world.  She walks you through every step of the process, including picking your outfit, matching it with a set and how to pose.  Her pictures are amazing and she is so patient- taking the time to go through all of them with you.  I cannot wait for my fiance to see them.
5	Jodi is absolutely AMAZING!  Her work is absolutely stunning no matter if you're doing a boudoir session or if you need family photos!  From the first second you meet her she will greet you with a smile and will do anything to make you feel comfortable.  She never loses her professionalism but at the same time she knows just how to make your time with her exciting.  If you're looking for someone amazing, who loves their job, and will never hesitate to personally help you every step of the way, Jodi is your lady!
5	Ooh la la for Jodi Lynn and Le Boudoir Studio! To set the stage... I purchased an online deal for a boudoir photo session and after a few tries, scheduled a day off work to do it (tip #1: shop for your outfits ahead of time, and yes, it's worth spending the money for new underthings b/c you'll look and feel great... and show up with more outfits than you think you may want/need). And I almost had to cancel due to conflict at work (tip #2: start scheduling ahead now, b/c Jodi Lynn is a busy bee). The day started off funny b/c the salon where I was scheduled for hair and makeup had lost my appointment, so I called Jodi Lynn to let her know that I might be running late (tip #3: be courteous and contact her as needed, she's very understanding). The salon worked it out and I got dolled up with time to spare and made it out the studio on time where I was greeted with a smile. The studio itself is nondescript and unassuming from the outside, but comfie and inviting on the inside. As we were chatting about looks, and outfits and sets, I realized that all my bottoms were in a drawer at home (tip #4: double check your beauty and lingerie arsenal the night before)... uh oh. I must have cashed in some karma from the universe, b/c I was her last client for the day and she was flexible with her afternoon. So I headed to Mills Mall and repurchased my favorite bottoms at Frederick's of Hollywood and was back at the studio and ready to pose an hour later (tip #5: Mills Mall has both Frederick's and Victoria's Secret, just in case). Despite the morning's setbacks, I was really grateful that everything still came together, and that everyone had come together for me.The shoot itself was easy, breezy and I felt like a cover girl! Jodi Lynn and I chatted about her business (b/c I was curious and so impressed), our Grandmothers' wedding rings, about the way our skin scrunches up on our sides when we bend to the left/right no matter how petite or buxom we are, and other things. Even while wearing next to nothing, or less, it was like hanging out with a close girlfriend and playing dress-up all wrapped up in one. And although I'm pretty sure I flashed her once or twice, I didn't feel super self conscious or judged. And, the direction and guidance she provided during the shoot was helpful. I think Tyra (from America's Next Top Model) would have been proud that I was modeling from H2T, head to toe!All in all, a great experience! One that I would recommend to any woman who can do it. Certainly a partner may benefit from your boudoir session, but do it for yourself - to challenge yourself and get outside your comfort zone, to capture a special time in your life, to show your future grandkids that you were a hottie back in the day, or to celebrate yourself and life! I haven't even seen my proofs and I'm already looking ahead to the fall and thinking about doing it again - her outdoorsy shots look beautiful and might be something fun to try!And Jodi Lynn, if you're reading this - if you ever need a gal for promotional or commecial stuff, or to try out a new set or idea, or a back up for your regular gals, I'd be happy to volunteer! Thanks again!
5	What can I say except that Jodi is incredible. I had purchased an online deal because I've always wanted to do something like this and thought it to be a great gift for my other half. I sent her a message and she quickly responded. Almost everything I needed to know for the shoot was emailed to me. You have the opportunity to do your own hair and makeup or have someone she works with do it at a reasonable rate. I highly recommend that you get it done by her ladies. That day I saw Erica. She was really fun and got me into the mood (the glass of wine helped too :-) ) and she did an incredible job with the makeup and hair. For those who feel a little nervous I do recommend bringing some wine along with you. It really loosens you up a bit and allows you to be more comfortable. It was perfect since my first photos were the nude shots. Note: wear loose fitting clothing, nothing elastic and be sure that you do not have a sunburn on your body. Let your hair air dry and it is OK to put on your own serums and moisturizers prior to the shoot. Make sure nothing with sunscreen gets on your face and while it's not necessary, I made sure to use a primer. I thought it really helped out with how my makeup set. Be prepared to pose in positions that may be a bit awkward and also note that you will likely be sore the next day from the different twisting that you have to do. Jodi really knows how to make you feel comfortable and at ease. I don't make a habit of being in the buff in front of complete strangers and for me to drop my robe without feeling shy was a big deal for me. It helped that I had my own music mix on my iPod throughout the entire shoot as well. The overall whole experience was incredible. I felt sexy and confident. I went back with my honey to look at the photos. He really really liked them and had a hard time choosing which he wanted to go into the album. I can't wait to see everything finished. I can't wait to do it again :) Thank you Jodi for making it such a memorable experience. I highly recommend her and her ladies!!!
5	Jodi and her staff are PHENOMENAL!!!! I had such a wonderful experience. Jodi made me feel so comfortable I felt like a SUPER MODEL. She really has a passion for her work and does a FANTASTIC job. My husband is going to flip when he see the pics. Thanks Jodi and Erica for a wonderful day. I HIGHLY recommend Le Boudoir Studios. FIVE **** STARS
5	Love Jodi and her staff.  The best.
5	She is amazing and worth every penny! I had a baby only 7 months prior to the shoot and my confidence was very low so I was reluctant to do this. However, I was amazed at how awesome Jodi made me feel and how gorgeous my photos turned out. I would highly recommend her to anyone looking to capture their true beauty :)
5	Jodi is more than amazing!  From the beginning to the end, she is so personable and lovely to work with.  I had my boudoir session 5 months post baby and she made me feel like the most beautiful person on the planet.  She guides you every step of the way and knows exactly how to capture just the right shot.  Some poses were like a serious workout and felt to awkward, but those were the ones that turned out the best.  So just go for it.  If you're on the fence about it, just do it.  Erica does an AMAZING job on hair and makeup too.  Worth every penny.  My husband was so surprised and has carried his "black book" around with him all day :)  It was a wonderful experience.
5	Short version: mind blowingly amazing.  Jodi is sweet, approachable, accommodating, encouraging, and supremely talented.  You will walk in a bit nervous and walk out feeling excited about the photos to come.  Jodi, whoever worked the magic on editing, and even the sweet girl that was there when I went to pick up the pictures were all amazing.Slightly longer version: empowering, unique, and fun experience.  I did so much research trying to figure out what to wear and how to pose and all that was not necessary.  I came with an arsenal of lingerie and jewelry but Jodi had many things at my disposal that I ended up using.  She is patient, sweet, funny, and so encouraging!  I've always considered myself a pretty confident person, but Jodi made me feel even more confident through her compliments and excitement regarding how I looked and posed. I felt so comfortable with her and I loved seeing her enthusiasm at how the photos were coming out.  She showed me some throughout, which ensured me I did not look awkward (posing sexy is not really my expertise but damn I looked fantastic in her photos!), and I eased into the flow of things quickly.  She was detail oriented and creative with different poses that accentuated my body shape and even my hair.  Jodi's passion and love for photography is only surpassed by her talent and eye for beauty in every image.  I spent almost three times the money I planned on spending because I knew not upgrading after seeing some of the photos will be a mistake, and I do not regret that at all.From the start to finish, the experience was one of a kind.  I truly feel boudoir pictures are something every woman should do, whether for themselves or their significant other, because it is truly empowering and they should do it at Le Boudoir Studio.
5	I can't say enough great things about Jodi. She's professional, organized beyond belief and genuinely a nice friendly person that wants to make you look amazing! I felt so comfortable for my shoot and couldn't have been happier with my album. THANK YOU Jodi! AND my husband thanks you too. I owe ya :)
5	Jodi is AMAZING!!! Makes you feel totally comfortable in a situation where you normally wouldn't be!!! Such an empowering experience. Every girl should do this!!! You will feel amazing. Jodi is able to show you just how beautiful you truly are!! Awesome experience!!!
5	I have nothing but compliments for Le Boudoir. I was looking for a special gift to give my husband for his 30th birthday, so I decided on boudoir pictures. I am so glad I choose Le Boudoir! Jodi and her team were amazing to work with. I decided to also get my hair and makeup done. And i definitely made the right choice. Erica made me feel so relaxed and talked to me the entire time and calmed my nerves before heading into the studio. She also made me look stunning! The "Victoria's Secret" version of myself. I was very worried how my pics would turn out, since having two kids, I have trouble areas that make me VERY self conscious. But Jodi pulled it off. I just look at my pics and go IS THAT REALLY ME?!? My husband LOVES them and thanks me all the time for the book I had made for him. Of course I have also shown all my girl friends and they are blown away by the quality of Le Boudoirs pictures and books. Thank You LE BOUDOIR for working with me and giving me and my husband a gift that will last a life time!!
5	Jodi was so fun and professional! I appreciated that her website and info she sent me was detailed about what to expect for my Boudoir session! But I was still nervous at first, however, I was comfortable within 2 minutes of being around Jodi. My husband LOVES the photos and was so very surprised. They turned out wonderful! I am so glad I decided to do the Boudoir session as a wedding gift and even more happy that I chose Jodi and her team! Thank you again!
5	I had always loved the idea of boudoir photos but felt too self conscious after having a kid and feeling my age. After learning that the right photographer can make all the difference I asked for suggestions from other local moms. Jodi (and team) were given rave reviews and I soon discovered their amazing talents for myself. I highly recommend this, even if you don't feel perfect. The results are stunning and the photo shoot is a blast. Everyone is genuinely nice and make you feel right at home. Thank you Jodi and team!
5	I stumbled upon Jodi Lynn & Le Boudoir Studio by accident when I was looking for a Christmas gift for my husband.  I purchased a living social voucher.  I took forever to go through with booking my session because I felt insecure.  Finally, I booked my session in May.  I arrived and my make up and hair were done flawlessly.  Jodi was amazing.   She's professional, yet very personable at the same time.  I thought I would be uncomfortable, but I wasn't.  Jodi showed me each picture after taking it, and did not take one bad picture.  I really thought there would be a couple, but there was not one. My experience was so fantastic.   This is a very special thing to do and I definitely spent much more than I planned.  The main reason for that was due to the fact that my husband wanted a canvas and an upgraded photo book.  I never knew I could look as beautiful as I do in Jodi's pictures.   So happy that I chose to do this.
5	Jodi Lynn Rocks! She made me feel totally comfortable and did an amazing jobs. I love my pictures and so does my husband. I have done boudoir shoots at other places and left feeling unsatisfied. But I will go back to Jodi for any future photo shoots!! I recommend everyone women does a boudoir shoot with Jodi!
5	Great experience...  Jodi Lynn is so professional, personable, fun, and so good at what she does.  A+++++
5	Jodi Lynn was amazing! I was nervous before I got there but once my make up and hair was professionally done those nerves melted away! And Jodi is so professional its impossible to feel uncomfortable for long. When I went in for my viewing I was amazed, I never thought I would love pictures of myself so much!!!! My final products were equally amazing! I sent a 12 month calendar to my deployed husband, he loves it!!! I also got a book to give him for christmas and I received a surprise canvas of my favorite photo!!! I can't wait to do it again! And I have to add... ladies I am 250 pounds and these photo shoots are fro all shapes and sizes! Best thing I have ever done for me!
5	Jodi Lynn is the absolute best!! I had the greatest time during my photo shoot. She made me feel extremely comfortable and sexy. She answered all of my question prior, during & after the session. My photos were amazing and I would love to do this again and use her for other events :) I would recommend her to anyone! My boyfriend loved the final products. Don't go anywhere else but here!!
5	Simply the best!!!!
5	Talk about a woman who knows the meaning of the word boudoir. Jodi is excellent at what she does. Having "sexy" photos taken is not an easy thing for most women, and for some of us, it just doesn't come naturally. Jodi has a way of making you feel comfortable in your own skin and sexy. Before you know it, the photo shoot is over and she has captured some incredible photos that you didn't even think you were capable of taking.  The experience  for me was priceless! Jodi and her staff made me feel like a girly girl, pretty, sexy and confident. Pictures may fade in time, but that experience I will have for a life time. Thank you so much! We love our photo book and could not be more pleased with the entire experience. Jodi is an amazing photographer and artist, as well as reliable and efficient. Highly recommend!
5	A friend and I went for our photo shoots together and had the time of our lives!  Everything was so above board, clean, professional and lighthearted.  Jodi Lynn will make you feel comfortable, pose you exactly as needed, and you won't believe your own eyes when you see your pictures.  If you are going to spend money to get boudoir pictures, which you might only ever do once, got to someone who specializes!  I'd recommend Le Boudoir to anyone who wants to feel like a super model!
5	I had such an amazing experience with Jodi Lynn for my recent shoot! I got a referral from a friend that did a session with her and I am SO GLAD I went to Jodi! I put together an album for my husband for our anniversary and he absolutely LOVED IT!!! Jodi made me feel so comfortable the entire time, plus it was so fun having my hair and makeup done for the shoot too. If you are looking for a great boudoir experience I highly recommend Jodi and her team!
5	In what could be a very uncomfortable situation, Jodi and her team made me feel extremely comfortable. I was nervous when I arrived but even just the welcome greeting that I got at the door made me feel slightly more at ease.  The studio is clean, inviting,  beautiful, and professional.  Most all reservations disappeared when I looked in the mirror after Erika had completed my transformation through hair and makeup. When Jodi came in, she made me feel at ease with her kindness and friendly, fun attitude. She made me feel like we have been friends for a long time and were doing nothing out of the ordinary.  She was very professional and great gave the direction I needed.  The end product was phenomenal - I am so happy and I'm sure my husband will be too when he sees the photos. I would go back in a heartbeat and recommend her to anyone and everyone who ask (and even those who don't). Worth every penny.
