4	OK... I admit it... I *occasionally* stop into this Five Guys after I leave the nearby YMCA. Given the caloric intake I know I'll be subjecting my waistline to, I limit my visits to post-killer workouts... and I always skip the ginormous serving of fries.This location is clean and has prompt, friendly service. This location lives up to the standards of good service & food I've come to expect from Five Guys.
4	I should give this place ONE star for the kid behind the counter who kept calling me ma'am. Really, do I look like a ma'am? 5 Guys is my go to place when I am in need of a tasty, juicy, doing a happy dance in my mouth cheeseburger. I always forget their original cheeseburgers are really two burgers in one. For a brief moment after I open the tinfoil I curse myself for not ordering the "small" burger but quickly get over my guilt and devour the whole burger. Poor thing never had a chance. The burgers are always flavorful, juicy and FRESH! I only have one no two complaints about the burgers. One, I wish they offered Whole Wheat Buns. The buns they have are fine except they get soggy quickly. Two, if I can't get a whole wheat bun, then I would like the option of having my bun toasted. Come to think of it, Ihave  never asked to have my bun toasted. Next time I'm there I will ask and therefore remove my second complaint. For now, my complaints stand as is.The fries are good. Be prepared you get A LOT!!!! The best part, they offer Malt Vinegar for the Fries, the only way to eat Fries IMO. The place is always clean and the staff is always friendly. The free peanuts don't hurt either. All in all a great fast food joint.
5	This place is great. The wife and I ate there this afternoon. We were welcome as soon as we came in the door. We ha a very short wait for our food. Wow. The regular burger is a double and the regular size fries are enough for two or three people. The burgers were cooked perfectly and juicy. I had the juice running down my chin. I only wish they had onion rings
4	They are CLOSED-I went by there yesterday
3	This WAS a standard five guys location ... but it is indeed CLOSED.
