4	The Meat House.  Just saying the words is like music to my ears.  Sure, I get that there are vegetarians out there who might not be fans of the name, but bear with me.  You might find something to like.Obviously the focus of the place has to be the meat.  And it is.  A monstrous meat counter runs at least half the store, and it has some awesome meat.  Even dry-aged that looks wonderful.  Unfortunately I haven't been able to afford any yet.  But I will.  One day, I will, even if I have to sell an organ.  Maybe we could work out a trade.There are cuts aside from the dry aged and even prepared meats like stuffed chicken breasts and kabobs.  You can get vegetables, such as asparagus that are excellent as well (and I don't even like asparagus!).  While you shop, you can order up a sandwich, and they will make it and deliver it to you amongst the aisles.According to the staff, the fresh meat is all grass fed and contains no growth hormones or anything of the sort.The cooler contains dairy products fresh from Lakeview farms.  If you purchase the milk, there is a $2 deposit per bottle that you'll need to pony up (this is returned when you bring the bottle back).  There are also what appears to be "day old" products, vacuum sealed instead of in the cooler.  Don't think it's sold at a discount, however, so I'm not sure of the advantage.While they are called The Meat House, there are plenty of other options inside, such as cheese (lots of cheese), wine and sides.  It isn't a full-fledged grocery store, and while the fresh meat is hormone-free, I don't know about all of it.  For instance, they have some Boars Head deli meats that may not meet this criteria (it could, I just don't know if it is of the same quality).Prices aren't as cheap as say, Food Lion, but service is many times better and the cuts are easily superior.  Definitely worth a trip to check out if nothing else.  Just don't go there when you are hungry.
4	They have an awesome selection of gourmet food items & excellent wines!  There is also a wide variety of frozen items, selected beers, bread from Nova's bakery, and other delightful treats like cookies and chips.   Each time I have stopped in, the employees were super friendly and very helpful.  I do not partake in red meat or pork, but if you do, there is enough variety to make you very happy.  Personally, I would prefer more fish & fowl options, but it is called the "Meat House"  for a reason!   ;-)
5	love the cowboy steaks, which feed 3 of us off one steak. really unique place!the kabobs are enormous!. I love the selection of marinated veggies as well as meats. you can also get rare meats that are very unique, buffalo, venison (my husband get this hunting- a extremely lean meat choice) alligator to name a few.they have all kinds of sauces and spices, chips and dips toothe often have stuff that you can sample as well. I recently found a very large jar of chipolote powder that I use all the time. this place is awesome
2	I was very excited when Meathouse first opened - the opportunity to have great cuts of meat and sides so close to home was awesome. However, now that I've been a customer for a while I have to admit I'm disappointed. The high points:1. Great selection of marinated meats - in particular the steak tips and Meathouse chicken is awesome and a lifesaver when you need something fast.2. Pasta and Provisions items - they stock a fair amount of stuff from Pasta and Provisions and it's a lot closer to home!3. Great selection of local condiments and sides.The lows:1. Steadily declining customer service - when they first opened the service behind the counter was happy, attentive and accurate. Now, I barely can get their attention and twice in a row they've made substantial mistakes with my order (including one when I was entertaining family)! I feel like I'm inconveniencing them when I ask for something!2. Price - while they were never inexpensive, I feel that meathouse is overcharging for what they offer. There are now other butchers in town that offer locally sourced beef and chicken at a fraction of the price. Overall I wish Meathouse success but I won't be a customer - at those prices I expect better customer service.
5	We had never purchased anything from the Meat House before, but that didn't stop me from bidding on a charity's silent auction item that featured several selections from their store.Several months after winning, I called the store owner and he was incredibly helpful, letting me know that I only needed to call them 20-30 minutes in advance to have my package ready for pickup.When we picked up our order, I was truly impressed by so much about the store: The variety and quality of their meats, cheeses and wine, and the samples of their meat, olive oil and vinegar on display. The storefront seems more like a place you'd find in Napa, California or Tuscany, rather than in Charlotte, North Carolina.The employees were friendly the moment I approached the place, with one wishing me a great day even as she was leaving at the end of her shift, and holding the door for me.I scoured the store looking for something truly unique to buy along with my auction items, and settled on crab cakes, one of my favorites since I'm from the Maryland area. A man behind the counter took pains to get me the best recipe to fix them, and even recommended a restaurant in town that he thought served the "best" once he knew I was a crab cake aficionado.I returned home with a slew of meat and a delighted husband, who graciously packed up everything in freezer/FoodSaver bags in portions we would eat. Everything we unwrapped was exceptionally fresh and a far step above what you might find in a grocery store's butcher selection.To date, we've feasted on hamburgers, chicken breasts, "meat house" marinated turkey tips and maple bourbon marinated steak tips. Last night we had the steak tips, which is what prompted me to write this review. Everything is delicious, but I could not get ENOUGH of the maple bourbon steak tips. As someone who "hates" bourbon (thanks to a college experience with some) I was wary of these tips, and ordered them only because my husband wanted them.They were the most delicately flavored, savory and tender bites of meat I've had in a long, long time. My husband is bragging to his friends about this "great deal" that I scored, and we look forward to trying the many other items we ordered from the Meat House. We are new customers, and we will most DEFINITELY be back. The quality of the food we've had from them is simply unparalleled. You owe it to yourself to try this place out.
4	I am a loyal customer to the Meat House.  It basically has everything you're looking for from a butcher.  The things that I have tried that I love, include the Choice steaks, Pork Chops, Stuffed Chicken Breasts, marinated Chicken Thighs, and marinated Chicken Wings.  They used to sell unfrozen slabs of ribs which were also great!I don't find the value in their Prime Meats which are overpriced in my opinion, and they do not sell what I consider to be lamb chops.  They do sell the lamb "lollipops" which won't fill up anyone I know, however I'd like them to sell lamb Shoulder chops.  I have asked a few times and have not seen them yet.At the end of the day, this is where I go to get my meat.  I just polished off some wings tonight, and had a nice NY Strip last night.  I am a fan and will continue to support this business!
3	Bought a Groupon, figured I'd try it, what the hell.It's a chain butcher, but not as offensive as that sounds.The meat is presented well, and the butchers seemed knowledgable. All the popular cuts are represented: ribeye, strip, porterhouse, filet, etc, plus a good lot of marinated steak and chicken.Prices are not that great. Prime beef and dry-aged cuts will set you back. But, if you know anything about steak, that shouldn't surprise you. At least they offer them.In addition to meat, they are a convenient grocer, stocking alot of items you'd need to host a cookout.I'd return, but probably not go out of my way. I prefer a local, neighborhood butcher that focuses on locally grown product, but that's just me.
5	Meat wonderland!  I got into a pretty interesting chat with one of the workers.  Turns out the slaughtered animals are (were) treated humanely with lots of sunshine and fresh food.  It's always encouraging to know the foods you consume died happy!Although the prices are definitely on the higher range, I will definitely shell out a tab bit more to a) support a local business, b) know my cow died happy, c) get quality food.  Word on the street is that they have Groupons and other promotional happenings as well?  Gotta get on that!They have pretty legit condiments as well.  I picked up the pesto spread and dumped it into some angel hair pasta- amazing!  The beef tips are also to die for- throw it on the grill for a bit and you're set!
4	I enjoyed my experience at the Meat House.  I bought a Groupon to get a few choice cuts of meat.  The fresh milk from the farm was great. The selection and the ambiance is great.  The reason for the 4/5, its too far.
5	I LOVE THIS PLACE and I don't even normally eat red meat! I just have never liked the taste/texture but I could live off of the Meathouse steaktips.  Ridiculously good and worth the price.  It's like a little gourmet grocery store with local and other specialty items so it's fun to shop in there and try out their samples.  I'm not a huge fan of the marinated shrimp or veggies but ...all the meat here is good in my opinion, but again the Meathouse steaktips are the way to go.  Hope they open one up in SPark soon.
5	I just love going here. Upon arrival, I'm greeted by friendly staff and an opened door - every time, which is so rare these days! The staff are fantastic, and often carry the bag to my car for me. I just had to mention this fact, because The Meat House delivers a top-notch experience from beginning to end, and the customer service means a lot, especially when you're spending a little more for the great product.OK, now that I've covered their excellent customer service, I must address their reason for being: the meat. Holy smokes, is it good! Every cut, every preparation of meat I've purchased has been delicious. It is always exceedingly fresh and beautifully presented in the case. My favorites include:- Chicken breasts: these are the best chicken breasts I've ever had. I love the pre-marinaded varieties, my favorites are the meat house marinade and the lemon pepper. My son loves the sweet BBQ.- Wise Guy Roll: OMG you just have to try it. But when you do, be sure to prepare it as follows... Sear both sides in a hot pan with some olive oil and a touch of butter. Put it in a baking dish and cover with diced tomatoes. Bake in the oven at 350 for about 15 minutes, or until you've reached your desired doneness. The provolone and italian meats release their amazing flavor, combine with the tomatoes, and it makes a delicious, unique dish that you will absolutely love.- Steaks: buy the best you can afford, but know that their least expensive cuts are excellent so you don't "have" to spend more for the prime. -Steak tips: We have these weekly! The burgundy wine steak tips were the first red meat my 8-year-old every liked, and he begs me to cook it for him. You don't need to upgrade to the tenderloin variety, the regular ones are just perfect. Beyond the meat counter, you will find so many wonderful delights and treats. They regularly have local chefs and business owners in offering free tastings, anything from cheeses to wines to sweets. I love that they support local businesses by carrying their products. Most recently, they started offering Lakeview Farms' fresh, local, organic dairy products, which, if you've never tried it - you MUST. Their half and half will change your morning coffee routine forever. They have a wonderful, carefully honed wine selection, and a variety of cheeses, crackers, freshly baked breads and more. They also carry fresh pastas and sauces from Pasta and Provisions, so you don't have to make the drive all the way up Providence when you're in the mood to cook some fresh pasta! They also carry growlers from OMB Brewery of Charlotte, another MUST TRY! You can even score some raw bones for your pooches at The Meat House, which will occupy him/her for hours so that you can enjoy your Meat House dinner perfection in peace. : )Long story short, if you are a foodie or a fan of high-quality food products, you will not be disappointed in The Meat House. Don't be turned off by the fear of higher prices, because it is truly worth every penny (and completely on par with prices at The Fresh Market or Earth Fare). The Meat House is an excellent business with great employees, a superior product offering and tremendously loyal fans, not to mention their support of other local businesses that makes them #1 in my book. Just try it out for yourself, and you'll see what I mean!
4	This cool little speciality grocery store stocks a variety of meats, cheeses, frozen foods, locally made bread, gourmet treats, spices, imported pastas, and other assorted items.   They also have a small but decent selection of beer and wine.   The prices are higher than what you'd pay in a supermarket, but for the convenience and service, it is sometimes worth it.  Of course, as you would expect from the name of the establishment, they have a full meat counter with all sorts of meats, sausuages, chicken, and fish.  They will butcher items for you upon request and also slice meats & cheeses deli-style.  In the meat counter, they also have a variety of prepared items such as seasoned chicken breasts stuffed with spinach and cheese. In the frozen foods section, you will find things such as duck sausage and buffalo sausage or burgers... and I think I saw some sort of frozen rabbit as well.
5	Fred, Sean and the rest of the gang are SUPER nice.  Consistenly top-notch product.
4	I have been going to the Meathouse since it opened.  It was a bratwurst kind of night (come on you've had them too) and I decided to forego the Johnsonville at the Teeter and since I was there I purchased the Meathouses Brats along with some marinated tenderloin tips, chicken wings, chicken breasts and the newly stocked Scottish Salmon for my pescatarian wife.The Brats were nicely done.  Seasoned and stuffed perfectly and easy to grill.  I will have them again.  They added a seafood counter and the man behind it was knowledgeable and friendly, I didn't try it but my wife enjoyed it.  I have had many great experiences at the Meathouse and can say that it fills a long need in this area for a quality meat market.  Most of the people that work there are friendly and you never wait more than a minute or 2 to get taken care of.  They also started a loyalty program which I should have no problem working up to the 300 points to get $10 free.Way to go Meathouse!!!
5	The Meat House is an awesome quality store with high quality meats, fish and grocery products.  The level of service is tremendous and I can assure you that you will not spend more than 5 seconds in front of the meat counter before someone asks you what you need. It is definitely a high end food store, but there steaks are a great quality and they have cuts in everybody's price range.  They also marinate beef tips in 5 or 6 varieties of flavors, including teriyaki, red wine, bourbon and their own special house blend just to name a few.They also carry a lot of frozen products like wild game sausage and some prepared meals if I am not mistaken. They also have a wide variety of spices at very reasonable prices, along with a decent selection of beer and wine.Highly recommend trying out their products if you have not already.
5	I have been a customer since the Meat House opened and there is a reason why.  First, the meat is great quality; second, the service is top notch!  When you need something cut or trimmed, they are always willing to oblige; third, they have a great wine and beer selection!!
4	Expensive but very solid butcher shop. I like how they will vacuum seal your portions for you. Beef tips are very good. Wish it was a little more convenient.
1	UPDATE:  After spending the night on my bathroom floor because I was too exhausted from being sick to go back to bed, I won't be returning to The Meat House.  (I had Lance crackers and a Diet Coke for lunch, so I know whatever I had for dinner is what made me sick).  I cooked the meat to medium and baked the potatoes as directed and I don't think there is anything in biscuits that would cause the issues.  The food didn't taste "off" at all, so I am not sure what made me so ill, but I won't test the theory as to what it was again.  Except for being exhausted with sore back muscles, I feel fine now, so it isn't the flu.  Leftovers in the trash, Meat House off of my list.  Judging by the other reviews, this has not been a common occurrence, but you don't get to fool me twice.*********I have been wanting to try The Meat House for a while and finally caved tonight deciding I needed some beef.The store, located in The Village at Robinson Farm off of Rea Rd (in the same shopping center as Cosmos Cafe, Hawthorne's Pizza, Toast and some other offices and small shops), has a nice selection of quality goods: beef, chicken (pre-packaged of both if you are on the run), seafood, cheeses, wines, chips, dips, chains, whips... no wait.... no chains or whips (that I saw...), preserves, a wide variety of well priced spices. I enjoyed my stroll though the small shop.  I decided on the steak tips that are $10.99/lb. in the Meat House marinade and some twice baked potatoes for $7.99/lb., along with a dozen small sweet potato biscuits and a dozen garlic cheese biscuits that are take-and-bake ($4.99/doz.).  On the way out, I saw pimento cheese in the pre-packaged section and decided on that too.  The grand total was $45, which kind of made me wince, but I wanted to try it, so try it I did.  I asked one of the gentlemen behind the counter (after waiting a few minutes - they seemed to be re-stocking or developing a game plan for preparing some foods) how to cook the tips, as I don't have a grill, just a temperamental apartment oven, and he said  broil, or bake at 350 for a bit... I went with broil like I do flank steak and they turned out deeeee-licious.  The pieces of the garlic from the marinade were a little too big for me, so I just scraped them to the side.  I heated the potatoes in my toaster oven and those were creamy and delicious - they had bacon, bacon is good, and I don't even particularly care for potatoes.  The biscuits were tender and browned nicely in just a few minutes.  I haven't tried the pimento cheese yet, but how bad can it be - it's cheese and mayonnaise.Like Whole Foods, I don't know how often I can visit The Meat House, as the prices are a bit steep for my budget, but for a special occasion I would definitely hit them up for some steak tips and twice baked potatoes.
5	My husband and I made a special trip from Monroe to try out this location.  We had noticed it when we have visited the area before.  I love the little shopping center.  We grabbed a bite at the pizza joint and then walked over to see what they offer here.  Apparently, we are not the only patrons who had the idea.  We even joked with a gentleman who had seen us at the restaurant.  The first thing we did was browse in a counterclockwise path to leave the meat for last.  We noticed some frozen meats...to include kangaroo!!! We tried the balsalmic vinegar which you can get refilled there.  The hubs deemed it worthy for our oil and vinegar dips.  There was a new vendor sharing tastes of her pimento spread.  Hubs added the spicy version to our pile.  The meat section had a some samples to try which totally sold us on the Thai flavored shaved sirloin and the maple bourbon marinated beef tips. We also got a couple of hamburger patties and a marinated flank steak.  Then my husband was intrigued by the aged beef.  The gentleman behind the counter was completely helpful and attentive.  He answered our questions about the pricey aged beef and his knowledge and suggestions were very helpful. On our way to the counter with our choices in hand, we picked up a gorgonzola focaccia bread.The shredded Thai beef cooks up well in a sauce pan.  I just wanted to try it, but I can imagine adding it to some noodle dishes.  I cut the tips into bite-sized pieces and cooked some sweet onion with it...sooo good.  The hubs and I loved the bread which was also flavored with rosemary.  Grilling tomorrow.
2	It's been over a year since my last review.  I still like the Meat House, I no longer love the Meat House.  I like their selection, I no longer love their prices.  I like the fact that, if I'm in the mood I can go get a nice steak for the grill or a few chicken thighs that I can do so.  I no longer love the fact that I question their quality standards that they set for their employees.I am in the food business, I am very conscious about how people handle themselves behind the counter or practice general sanitation practices when handling food for the public in general.  I have seen 2 specific instances at this location that are reasons for me not to want to return.  Just this past week I witnessed an employee walking out of the restroom with his apron on.  How nasty is that?  I am a male and can attest that there can be "overspray" involved when using the facilities.  General sanitation practices call for employees to remove their overwrap BEFORE entering the restroom in addition to washing hands etc.... This guy obviously didn't do that and potentially contaminated someones dinner with urine.  GROSS.  Prior to writing this, I wrote to their corporate office and didn't receive a response.  That's strike 2.  Sometimes the risk doesn't outweigh the rewards and I probably won't be back.
1	Terrible service. As a frequent shopper here, I am beyond disappointed with how I was just treated. I bought 3.5 pounds of Chicken breast and was assured by the butcher it was breast. When I began cooking it, I realized it was thigh. I was told to drive back to the store (20 minutes away) and get my chicken breast. I get there and then they tell me it isn't available. Since there was no replacement, I asked for my money back and they were weird about it. I will never shop here again and I strongly recommend you don't either. The service I received for their mistake was appalling.
4	This is a great little spot in Charlotte.  It might seem pricey at first, but if you got a special event or special date night coming up, check out this place.  Joe and Tim are excellent butchers and provide you with great advice.  The ladies up front are always friendly and warm to everyone.  You feel as if you are truly appreciated and a guest rather than just a customer.  Great place to go as it warms up.
1	This place is no longer The Meat House. Their "transition slogan" said something about nothing changing except the name. LIE.They have changed around the entire store, reduced their selection of several items (they no longer carry the tilapia we always purchased there), and their prices have already gone WAY up. The marinated sirlion tips that used to be $11.99 / lb. are now $12.99 / lb.I think this place is going to become a memory.By the way, who in their right mind is going to pay $21.00 for a stupid cherry pie?! It's a shame when a great idea turns into a corporate molestation case. This place has been ruined.
5	Beautifully clean, super friendly, awesome quality. A bit of everything here...one stop shop for a great dinner in.
