3	Ok, let's just start off by saying the "chicks" behind the front desk are so utterly s   l   o   w, I can hardly take it. They remind me of the Olly girls on Sunset Tan. I stood before them for at least two minutes while one had her back turned to me and she was applying make up. The other, on the phone, apparently to her roommate, took her own sweet Alabama time before she nodded, yes I said nodded at me, to aknowledge my existence. We know who took the short bus to school. Michael, my maseuse, was my savior. He listened well, hit all the right spots and spoke intermittenly in a soft sort of easy listening radio station voice. +
4	Such a headache.. I've had a membership with Envy since December, had no problems loved the massages (had only one bad experience, wasn't really that bad) until today! By the way, this is a venting session, the majority of my experience with the company has been REALLY good, massages are worth every penny.. this vent is about their computer system.. I have a really bad knot(s) in my shoulders so I got a membership. So, I use to go to the one in Tempe on Elliot, loved the location, stuff was amazing everything was great. My one kind of blah experience was probably on the third or fourth time I went the girl wanted to try pressure points as well as a regular massage. She did pressure points the majority of the time, didn't do a thing to help, didn't really feel anything... but anyway.. So I moved out to the downtown area, and with their membership it is good at ANY Envy, like I could go to Kentucky and use it. Well went to this one on Camelback, called in to make an appointment... They couldn't find my membership on their computer after a few minutes of searching and checking name/phone number/address, they said they found it! However.. Showed up to the place to check in, couldn't find my membership, when they said that they found it they asked if I was still living on 48th st.. I have NEVER lived on 48th st... Asked if my number was a 602 number.. I have NEVER had a 602 number.. Asked if it could be under another name, no. ... Mom and dad don't make appointments for me anymore, and memberships are assigned to one person only, there are no couple deals.. Anyway went ahead and got my massage (it was okay, think I'd try some one else next time, which is kind of what you have to do, test out the people till you find one you really like)I was relaxed, and the front desk person said she would have everything figured out by the end of my massage (an hour).. Came out, no progress. So went through the dance again, I had my membership keychain so we double checked the number.. She called the Tempe Envy (where I started my membership), they couldn't find me either.. What the hell? My membership has disappeared! HOWEVER, they are still taking the monthly payments out of my account.. Interesting.. I left, leaving my phone number and all the info I could give them, once again assuring them the account was under my name and my name only.. anyway.. I called the Tempe location to get the same, we can't find you response, asked to talk to a manager, no one was available.. Camelback location called back saying they found me by my membership number.. why couldn't they find me the first time, I have no idea.. Apparently all my information was screwed up, including my name, which they said is COMMON? yikes.. I asked to check how many prepaids were left on my account, they said three which is what I have so good. However.. Tempe called me back saying they found me, my info was also screwed up, and I had no prepaids left.. umm no, so told them what Camelback told me and that they needed to talk to each other, she said they will just accept what Camelback had found.. All I can say out of this is at least they kept trying and finally did get it within twenty minutes after my massage.. So my biggest advice is:- Good place for a massage? Yes- Good prices? Yea, great prices, best deal- Variety of massages? Yes, all for the same price and a variety of time lengths- Safe, clean, nice? Yes, Yes, Yes.. they change the sheets and wipe down everything between patients, they are very polite and pay attention to requests, let you know what to do and what they are doing etc..  Good customer service, those helping didn't give up or blame me- Good membership deal? Yes, its $49 a month which pays for a massage for you each month, if you don't go for a month the massage you missed rolls over to the next month, so like me I have 3 prepaid waiting for me to use, also if you need more then one its $39 for a hour (which is almost $20 less then non-members price) and its unlimited, and they pull the payment out of your account the same day every month*** BUT! double check that they have your membership info correct when you FIRST sign up, they fill it out for you, you just sign which is why things probably get screwed up.. and randomly check the info as your membership goes on and keep track of when you go so you know how many prepaids are there etc..Soo I really don't know how to star it, they did screw up my membership however their service is awesome.. so.. eh..  I wish we could do half stars sometimes.. I guess minus on star?
4	Soo made a appointment to do a double check that these guys really had my membership info correct.. Well. They couldn't find it, rattled of a 303 phone number and a 9-hundred something number.. I've only ever have had a 520 and a 480 number.. Shocking, my account info is still screwed, however, the girl did find it and it was still the same amount of pre-paids and story of messed up info.. I told her I wanted a document of everything that she found so I have a copy of my account info in case this happens again.. Debating if I want to renew my membership.. its a great deal, good services, but such a pain in the you know what.. (If this doesn't make any sense you probably want to read my previous rant about this place..)
2	Do not get a membership with massage envy! You can read from my experience from before.. but here's a new one, my membership was suppose to end last month.. However, I checked my bank account today and guess what.. they are still pulling payments!So I called figuring they once again screwed up my account, but apparently your "year-length" membership actually would last a lifetime unless you send in a e-mail or letter asking for it to end.. Which is kind of dumb.. especially since they tell you this once when you sign up, and they send home your contract on the same day you sign up (a year ago).. and then they never mention it again... even when you ask, "When is my membership over?" They'll tell you what month, but won't remind you about the cancellation policy.. So much for feeling the warm fuzzy feeling of being called a "member.." So yes this is my fault for not remembering what was said last year, and keeping my flyer of a contract.. but it is also partly theirs for having no professional customer service.. that's what you get with a chain! (I now understand why people hate chains so much)So massages are still good, but what is the point when the front desk leaves you with nothing but stress..?
4	I think I am in love with my masseuse.  Seriously.  If it meant that I would get free massages nightly from Nathaniel, I very well might have proposed.This is why Massage Envy gets 4 stars from me.  I am a firm believer in the phrase "you get what you pay for."  And at the ridiculously low prices, $49 for an hour followed by $39 every additional hour you go within the same month, I'd say Massage Envy passes pretty much every expectation I had going in.Sure, you're not going to get the amenities and ambiance of a full day spa, but you're also not going to pay $150 for a more often than not sub par massage (in my experience.)That said, I'd say Massage Envy is definitely worth a shot.  I could care less about the girls working the computer who to be honest I've only had quite pleasant experiences with and the lack of a steam room, as long as Nathaniel is working there, good luck keeping me away.
3	can't beat the price, at massage envythirty-nine, they had me spendingfor someone, to rub me rightdeep tissue, at half the priceof those other, scottsdale spaspressure points, skillful pawsi need you, just to knead medr. masseuse, was, simplyswedish thing, i'd ever feltlactic acid, slowly meltsaway, now,  feel much betterrelaxed, writing, this love letteryou're a-ok, massage envyeven, without, the happy ending
4	I'm not going to lie -- I don't like the monthly thing.  I kind of got conned into the sign up back in Denver, and I'm not sure I'll stick with it, especially since finding out that the therapist themselves get very little for the $49/month (plus $39/per extra massage) that is being paid (or so I heard from a former worker at a different location).That said, they do have a great variety of massage therapists, from those focusing on relaxation to trigger point, deep tissue to cranial sacral.  My favorite at this location in Talisha - she's AMAZING. I'm sad she recently changed her schedule so I can't get in to see her, but she, for a while, really worked me well and limited how many migraines I was getting. I've had one session with Monique, and am looking forward to seeing her again on Monday to hopefully kick this current migraines ass. We shall see.The front desk staff is nice...sometimes they take a little longer than I'd like, but always friendly. I do like that you can put a tip on your credit card or leave it in cash; options are nice.Sometimes, it's feels very corporate, others a lot more intimate. As long as you know what it is, you realizing that is what you're getting, and it's a pretty good deal.
4	Saw Monique the other night after a 4 day long, ER inducing migraine.I was worried, because I knew Talisha was able to make latent headaches go away for at least a week, but her schedule no longer messes with mine.Worried for no reason -- Monique is awesome.  Not quite as friendly and chatty, but an amazing massage therapist, and I feel much better having seen her.Front desk staff was very nice and efficient.  For those having issues, if you can, book Mondays, as they seem to have a great staff on board those nights.
4	For a chain, I am duly impressed with Massage Envy.  I've only ever gone to this location and have a membership.  I have experienced a professional staff, a calm, quiet and clean environment and now that they have their "deep heat" addition, I'm an extra happy girl.  Thank you Mandy for being so nice, listening to what I wanted and providing a truly relaxing massage!!
1	I am furious.In the last 12 months, I have had at least scheduling issues, from them calling me at 8AM on a Saturday morning (my 1 day off) to cancel my 11am appointment to last Saturday, when I went in only to be told someone had messed up, and actually booked me for the NEXT week, and despite me driving all the way out there at 11am, they couldn't get me in until maybe that evening, and then not with someone who had experience in deep tissue/medical massage. I was irritate and ready to ask for my membership refunded then, but Ashley the clinic manager promised me that they'd give me my next week appointment free of charge, and that she'd personally be certain there were no more issues.  As I literally couldn't turn my head to the left due to pain, I took her up on that. BIG MISTAKE.Yesterday (the Friday before my "correctly" scheduled massage, I went out of my way to call in and confirm my own bloody appointment, to try and avoid last week's debacle. According to the woman who answered the phone, it looked like my schedule therapist was actually scheduled off, but she went to talk with her manager, and came back to the phone telling me everything was ok, and that she'd call with any issues. Then yesterday evening, I got ANOTHER confirmation call from Massage Envy, confirming and reminding me of my 11:30am appt on Saturday with my preferred therapist. GIven that I've had 3 migraines this week (versus my 0 or 1 when I get a massage the weekend prior), I really absolutely needed to get in, so I felt more confident.Well, I was just woken up at 8am...again. On my day off...again. To explain to me that, big shock, they messed up my scheduling again, and that apparently, my therapist was off today. Despite Ashley's promise of it not happening again. Despite me being pro-active and calling to confirm. I am sitting here in pain, so furious at this repeated treatment that I can't even go back to bed...and the best part? They don't even have a manager on duty I can complain to.My treatment at the hands of the booking/front desk staff has been any thing BUT relaxing. I continue to walk out of there frustrated, angry, and occasionally in tears. I know they say Fool Me Once, Shame On You, Fool Me Twice, Shame On Me, but I was trying to give them the benefit of the doubt. I'm pretty screwed for today and the next week, but luckily, an Elements place with a similar concept opened recently in the general area. At this point, it literally cannot be any worse than massage envy. As much as I love Talisha and Aisha as massage therapists, getting a massage should feel good, and not like you're just a number to them, not like you actually have to spend more time trying to get a damn appointment than you actually get to spend IN the appointment.
4	I have really never had an issue with scheduling a massage at this location.  But of course while living in Phoenix I have only been to one other location (Happy Valley/Norterra).  They have always been rather busy and often appear unorganized at the front reception area.  Well there was that one time I needed to break a large bill to provide a gratuity and they didn't have change.  Luckily Jimmy John's next door did it for me without me having to purchase a sandwich. There have been times I have been able to schedule a massage for 15 minutes from the time I was calling in while I was next door at Total Wine shopping.  I have yet to find a dedicated massage therapist here, mostly due to my random scheduling habit.  But I for the most part have not had a memorably poor experience here.  Which reminds me I need to schedule a massage soon.  I have 4 1hr credits.  I find an hour a bit short but an hour and a half to be just perfect. Now 2 hours can be a bit long for both myself and the therapist, but I have scheduled them on occasion. I am a member and I have enjoyed the convenience of being able to use my massage credits as I travel.  It has saved my back more than once.
4	Was in town for business for a couple of weeks and I could feel the stress building up....from knowing the East Coast was getting hammered with snow and I was going to work in a t-shirt.  Anyway, since this was only my second massage I was searching for a spa since the only other massage I ever got was at a resort in Cancun.  I wasn't aware that I could cut the bathrobe experience and just get a quality massage.  Well, I found it.  Massage Envy was exactly what I was looking for only I didn't know it until I actually was on my way out.  I called up pretty early on a Saturday so there were still openings available for later in the day.  Once I checked in and filled out the short survey/questionnaire I was immediately introduced to my therapist.  She went over what areas I'd like to focus on and got to work.  An hour later I was making my way out and feeling fully renewed.  And not a bad price.  The new client specials was $39.  Not a bad deal for exactly what I needed.  You won't get the fancy high-end spa experience, but what you will get is a pleasant , clean, friendly atmosphere that you can appreciate.  The front is a bit busy on the weekends but as long as you are on-time or a bit early, you'll be in in no time.
2	So I'm getting old and tired and I work in social work. I'm looking for a cheap(er) place to go for regular stress relief and to address the nerve pain I've been having in my neck, most likely from hunching over paperwork and suppressing my rage towards some of my co-workers.This was my first time at Massage Envy, I booked the hot stone massage. I had gotten one before and it was awesome. I was excited. My masseuse was a lovely woman but I was very unimpressed...I'm a bit of a masochist when it comes to getting rubbed down. I want a woman with slow hands and a not so easy touch. Basically, I want it slow and I want it hard. Maybe I should have been more specific when filling out my paperwork, but I felt as if I was getting a massage from an apathetic boyfriend in a hurry. The hot oils were nice, but all she did was simply run the stones over me, way too quickly. There was no attention paid to pressure points, there was barely any pressure at all.  I was pretty specific about the neck pain and there was no extra attention paid to it whatsoever. I've gotten more relief at the salon when getting my hair washed (*cough* Bobby at Moments is awesome).Not worth the $78 plus gratuity. Maybe I'll try again with a different masseuse, the regular membership prices are pretty tempting.
5	I came here with two friends. It was my first ever massage and I was quite excited.Everything was top notch. We were each called a day in advance to confirm our appointments (actually one of my friends made the appoints for everyone so the same person called her 3 times in less than ten minutes.)Once we got there we were greeted and given paperwork to complete. We each had an interview and answered the questions we were asked and were explained the process.My masseuse was great, perfect amount of pressure.I felt like I was drunk afterwards. It was great! I even signed up for a membership!Can't wait for my next appointment
5	The experience was AMAZING!!! I was a little hesitant about using this particular location because of previous reviews but it's 2 blocks from my home. I brought 2 guests plus myself as a birthday gift/ relaxing day & we all enjoyed our massages immensely. So much that 1 of my guests signed up for the monthly massage packet. I must agree the front desk workers are a little in the clouds. There was a small issue splitting the payment of my guests massage but otherwise a great time.
5	I can't believe I haven't yelped about these lovelies yet!Here's the skinny: if you're a member of Massage Envy, you get one massage (full body/one hour) for 39 bucks a month and if you don't use your massage they just accumulate...which for chicks like me is a good thing, cause I loves me some two hour massages.  I yelp five stars based on my experiences with two therapists, Yvonte and Mike T.  Yvonte is my go to guy when I need some deep tissue help and Mike is great for stretching or when I have sciatic pain.  I have never had a bad experience with either sir and I will continue to visit this house of tranquility.  I have always received great customer service here, from the call to schedule my appointment to the fond farewell as I leave all fuzzy and drunk with relaxation.
5	I've been a member for over a year and a half and I recently moved to downtown Phoenix. I've had 3 massages at the Camelback location so far and they were EXCELLENT. I will only request DEEP TISSUE massages so that's all I can tell you about. I'm talking painful: elbows digging deep and from someone with the strong grip of a weight-lifter. If it don't hurt, it don't work for me! My neck and shoulder areas are extremely tense so I try to go in every 3 to 4 weeks. In MESA, go see Miranda! In PHOENIX, Kimberly and Jason! Kimberly is a sweetheart, but she's got what it takes to give an hour and a half deep tissue massage! Should you feel and be bruised the next day? ABSOLUTELY hahaha but massages are the only way I get relief from having tight muscles due to stress and my poor posture. Brought a friend from NYC to this place and he was very glad he went :)People, if you're NOT getting a good massage it's because you're not communicating. Tell your therapist you want more or less pressure, or where you do and don't want them to work. I've never left a Massage Envy disappointed. You can STACK your massages in case you can't make one or more months, you don't lose them if you don't use them. Instead of a one hour, get a TWO hour massage every two months :D The membership is worth it and it's good for your health - enjoy!
4	I got a massage here about a year ago and the massage therapist was horrible.  He rubbed my skin raw and for days it felt like I had a 3rd degree sunburn.  However, I get stressed easily and that causes knots in my shoulders and since Massage Envy is a well-known chain around Phoenix, I figured I'd give them another try.  This time, I had a female named Vanessa.  She was really good and listened to me.  They always customize your massage for you.  Just make sure you communicate with your massage therapist and don't be afraid to say something if the massage doesn't feel right.
5	I got a coupon at a past Yelp event to try them out and I'm SO glad I did!  Massage Envy really exceeded my wildest expectations for a chain that offers affordable rates for massage therapy.  I was pleasantly surprised by the level of expertise and professionalism that I experienced!My massage therapist was Dannie and she worked through my trigger points and loosened my tight muscles with an intuition that I have rarely experienced.I highly recommend this place and hope to return soon!
4	Great massage!
1	I tried FOUR different massage therapists at Massage Envy on camelback , in Phoenix and was not happy with any of them !!! One lady talked so much and I don't mind that but she stops massaging when she talks. The very last try was a guy tonight and it was the worst yet !!! I told him to do my jaw , arms and shoulders and he did not do any thing I requested. And they advertise a ONE hour massage when it is truly just 40 minutes. I left there disappointed every time I went there .  Very discouraging and very disappointing !!! I wasted alot of money. I joined but I will not be going back there any more.   I will get my weekly massages elsewhere.
1	I "treated" myself to a 6 month membership.  Never did I think I would pass on a massage but this place has done it to me.  My introductory massage was in August and was amazing.  The therapist was receptive to my issues and did a great job with loosening me up.  However, once the contract was signed it has been awful!  I tried another location so I could get a facial and massage and both were terrible.  The techniques used by the therapist were just weird (but I'll leave it at that since my review is for the Camelback location).  I recently went in for a prenatal massage at Camelback and was disappointed, to say the least.  First, the waiting room was so busy with what seemed like 15 employees behind the desk and numerous customers waiting.  My therapist was 5 minutes late and made me feel like I was rushed.  It also didn't seem like he knew anything about prenatal other than asking if I needed a pillow for comfort.  The massage was awful.  He scratched my head for about 15 minutes (talk about knots afterwards) then started digging into my neck and shoulders without any oil so my skin was rubbing and it was uncomfortable.  I woke up today bruised and hurting in that area (which I don't think you're supposed to go so deep with a prenatal massage).  I've had tons of deep tissue massages over the years and never was in pain the next day (not to mention, he didn't even get a release out of it).  Then, the ending was so abrupt because of his poor time management skills. I would rather pay $20-30 more to get better service (although, when they are selling you the membership, they make you think you are getting a spa-like, quality service).  Honestly, I don't think the price is that great either.  I've been to sports massage clinics and have paid the same and received a zillionth-times better therapy.I still have 2 months left on my membership and would rather give the massages away at this point than see if something like this happens again.  I would fight to cancel, but this is the extent of my fight since I'm just pregnant and tired.Great idea, massage envy, but I'll pass.
5	*Alice* - she's incredible/y strong. I've gotten a lot of different massages & expected this to be "meh" b/c it's a chain business... I'm so glad I was wrong. I feel so much better & no pushy sales pitch. Refreshing to be pleasantly surprised.
4	5 stars for Brent (my masseur) and Ruby (my husband's masseuse). 1 star for mangement.  I've been buying my husband gift cards for several years, and each time I research the membership options and decided against it.  Until January, when I went in searching for a therapist who specialized in cranial sacral massage - it was short notice, because my usual therapist was booked and didn't really have the specialty I was looking for.  Massage Envy was able to accomodate me, and booked in with Brent - fabulous.  His massage sold me on the membership several months before I took the plunge.  Ruby was also great with my husband - deep, thorough, and knowledgeable.  About two months after my first massage with Brent, I realized that I really wanted to go back - I'm treating headaches resulting from nerve damage - but that it really only made sense to do that if I got a membership.  So I talked to three people, asked a ton of questions, Yelped, and finally signed on for a  six-month membership (price has gone up - it's now $59/month, but still decent deal, when you factor in the "free hour" each month).  I was even promised a free month.  w00t!This is when the problem arose.  Here's how they sell it: sign up now, we'll give you the first month free, your first charge will happen one month from now, but your membership starts today.  Cool!  Done!  Sign me up!  Here's the catch:  your "free hour" each month, doesn't start until they take that first charge.  Once you're a member, you learn that they refer to this hour as a "prepaid."  In other words, your monthly membership fee is really a fee that prepays for a one-hour massage., as a result, during that first "free" month, the only membership benefit that you are entitled to is to get the reduced rate (member vs non-member).  Which is a significant savings (for an 90-minute massage, member is currently $57 and non-member is currently $114). So, okay.  Cool.  However,  that's not quite the same thing as what I was sold - I was under the (clearly mistaken) impression that the membership included the "free" hour as well as the reduced rates.  Because that's how they market and sell it.  This will only become an issue if you schedule a massage between the day you first sign up and the day they take the first charge off your debit/credit card.  But when you make that appointment that you aren't warned that you won't yet have earned your first "prepaid" session.  I made an appointment for a 90-minute massage, believing that the first hour was my "free" session for the month of April, and was prepared to pay the $18 for the additional 30 minutes.  Add tip to that, and you get my total for the day.  However, because the first 30 days hadn't passed yet (still within the "free month" timeframe), and the charge hadn't been taken from my card, Massage Envy wanted to charge me $57 for the 90-session.  Add tip, and your're looking at a substantial difference.  I balked.  Loudly.  The manager, Christian, was initially resistant to fixing the problem to my satisfaction, but ultimately agreed to comp the first hour.  I paid what I'd expected to pay, and learned a lot about their business model.oh - and if you feel duped and want to cancel - they are quick to remind you that you signed a six (or twelve) month contract - and can't cancel.  All that having been said...Brent is amazing.  I have severe nerve pain in my head, use occipital nerve blocks to (sorta) manage the headaches, meditate, use heat and frozen gel packs, and work with a pain management doc to look into more permanent solutions.  I've had to miss work and other commitments to this pain, and generally worry my husband, friends, and family.  I'm pretty tough and don't give in to pain easily.  I've had *a lot* of massages in my life (although not for pain, just for general relaxation), and Brent is hands-down the person I've trusted the most.  He's the reason I signed up, and the reason I'm staying.  Now that I know the scoop with the membership, I want to pass along the information and let others make their own decisions.  I'm still debating whether I'll renew, but in the meantime, I'm going relax back and enjoy the massage. :)
1	Firstly, I really seldom write a review and I am more that kind of person that tries to find the best in everybody. I booked my appointment through the phone which was fine. Once I arrived I had to wait for 15min. The guys on the reception were talking bad about customers. While waiting I overheard a phone conversation between the receptionist and a new first time customer. The receptionist said they would have no appointments for first timers left today. He repeated the same sentence several times and just hang up angrily. The whole front staff was arrogant and didn't make me feel at ease.The massage itself was nothing special. My therapist had rough and unpleasant hands and it didn't feel as if he knew what he was doing. It was more a rubbing. Before the massage I was asked several times which areas I want the therapist to concentrate on (feet, neck and upper back). All areas were "rubbed" for a while except the areas I was asking for. I get massages done quite reguraly but this was just disappointing!
1	READ ALL OF THE FINE PRINT BEFORE A MONTHLY SUBSCRIPTION!!!!I made the mistake of cancelling my membership before using all of my prepaid massages. Because of this I lost out on all of my massages that I ALREADY PAID FOR. 13 massages totaling $650. I can't have any of them unless I start paying a monthly membership. Right now I am in the process of joining a class action suit against this company.
5	Three of the best therapist in this location are: Brent, Maribel, & Ruby.  My personal favorite is Maribel because of her pressure and slow drag across the muscle.  I'm a tall drink of water and that works best for me.  I could have wrote this review a while back; however, I waited to submit this to see if everything still held true.  Maribel is always on point and professional.  I love this.
1	So needed a massage and decided to check out Massage Envy.  I have a few friends that are members and love it.  Not ready to become a member, I went in just wanting a good massage and willing to pay for their service.  The location is clean and the rooms are small..bright light, music in the background..nothing to make the experience memorable or a calming Zen moment.  The staff was nice however, did not seem to care either way who was coming in and out. My massage was less than great.  The first 30 minutes, he "aligned" my back with pressure or what I would call "lets place my hands on her back ..tap certain areas...push in certain areas for 30 minutes..do nothing else" ..no lotion on his hands and when he rubbed I could feel it.  I kept thinking..I hope it gets better cause this is what I'm paying for?  The second 30 minutes, it was fast rubbing on my back, legs and feet.  At least he was using oils or lotion!  I felt somewhat relaxed for a short time however, was probably the worst experience I've ever had.   Would I recommend Massage Envy, no.  I'm not envious of those that pay month after month to be a member and still have to have pay for each session At least I only paid $39 because if I paid what I thought I would pay I would be really upset.
2	I will have to add that the manager reached out to me because of my unpleasant experience and offered a discount for the next visit. It shows that there is someone caring and that is a good sign. That is why I will give a second star.Nevertheless, I won't be back.
1	So excited to go in today to get a massage and relax but I ended up pretty disappointed. First at the front desk no one could really help me they were too worried about the display on the counter. I will say though when I was helped Jennifer was very nice and attentive. However I had a question and Alissa was pretty rude to me. As for the massage it was good, but I'm pretty sure that my girl was sick due to her coughing and sniffling the whole time. And I thought I paid $78 for a hour massage but it only lasted 40 minutes. Don't think I'll be back.
5	Thank you to Massage Envy for finding and returning my list engagement ring and for a stellar 2 hour massage from Maribel. Brody from the front desk called me beaming when it was found. Regardless of some of the other issues with front desk people earlier in the day and the flighty responses to my inquiries, I am grateful that it has been found and I'm super relieved.
1	Do not sign a contract with this company. Their business practices are unethical. If you are unable to keep up your monthly usage of massage time, and wish to stop your membership, they will keep all the money for the massages you have not used. (See another reviewer here). If you wish to give any of your accrued time to another member, they will charge you for the privilege. At least some of the therapists are good, but the company is corrupt.
3	I've had a long term love/hate relationship with ME since I've become a member!!!  My massages are  almost always good but I rarely (99% of the time) get a reminder call or good service at the front desk.  They are, admittedly, quite a bit better than times in the past but I do have issues with their business practices and the way the term "it's policy" is used to explain random charges.  The "charge" to give one of my own massages to a friend put me over the top.  I have been going to other stores that have some of the same issues so I suspect there may be an overall training opportunity with ME.  And, you ask, why do I continue?  As I mentioned earlier, my massages are almost always GREAT!  The other stuff is easy to fix....just make it all about the customer!
3	I got a 90 minute massage here. It was a really good experience. The quality of the massage was really good and felt the massage therapist utilized the time efficiently. My massage therapist Josh did a very good job adjusting pressure from soft to deep which I thought was super AWESOME and good flexibility. The office was clean, smelled really good and did well at making you feel relaxed and comfortable. The only complaint I have is as soon as you receive a relaxing stress reducing, high quality massage you get hounded by the front desk crew to purchase packages and to become a member and after telling them no several times they still keep asking and basically begging you to purcahse pacakges, Makes you feek very akward.
2	While it is hit or moss with the masseuse you get, and this isn't a review of them per say (although they did range from one star to three at best- and then when booking the second appointment with the good one they talk your ear off because they're soooo bored), the whole experience is definitely lackluster. Massage Envy is the Supercuts  of the massage world. Really. I got lured into  their "39$ a massage deal" like many others have before. Well...then you can't cancel unless it's in writing 30 days prior, and can't use the massages past the date of cancelation. The last 30 days of my membership I was cramming massages in left and right, but the whole experience is the opposite of relaxing, so those 20 days were just more stressful than anything else. I waited two months, saved up my money and went to Desert Song, where for a little more but no contract you can get a genuine massage. One with a person who is clued into what you need, experienced, and actually makes you feel better.
4	I am and have been a member of M.E. on and off since 2008.  I like that I can schedule a massage or facial wherever I am traveling and be able to count on the quality of the massage and the ambience of the salon.  I give M.E. gift cards frequently.  Haven't had a bad massage and the facials are awesome!  The M.E. salon hours are very convenient.I had 1 massage with Alexander at the Camelback salon.  He was great!  However, even though it is the M.E. closest to my home, I do not go there because it doesn't provide facials.  I don't know why the franchisee of the Camelback store doesn't get with it.  It seems to me that the location is perfect for patrons who care about their appearance -- either on the way home from working in a professional office in downtown Phoenix or in the numerous high-rise office buildings in the Camelback Corridor area.  Facials at other salons cost ever so much more and aren't worth the extra price.  Because it doesn't offer facials, M.E. Camelback is passing up attracting more customers and subscribers.  Why would any good business person choose to do that?
5	I started as a member with massage envy several years ago after I had tweaked my neck and needed to find somewhere that could get me in ASAP. The massage was pretty good and I enjoyed the same day scheduling ability because sometimes u just need to get in right away. Over the years I had multiple problems with appts getting cancelled and a variety of other problems so I eventually ended my contract (in writing with the front desk) and quit going. After about a two year break from massage envy I decided to give them another try although I wasn't sure about getting a membership again especially since the raise in pricing. The massage was great and after speaking with Brody I decided to sign up again. Brody is so amazing and always so helpful. He is very knowledgable and is a huge improvement to the staff from when I was previously a member. I get weekly massages and the savings are definitely better when u go more often. If u only go once a month ur technically paying $59 for a massage instead of $39 because that's the cost of the monthly membership which includes a 60 min massage. They have a ton of therapists (something for everyone) and it can be hit or miss finding the right therapist for u as everyone has different likes and dislikes. I like a deeper massage and Jennifer and Mercedes are both really good. Unfortunately because they've gotten busier it's hard to get a same day massage but u can almost always get scheduled the next day.
5	had a appointment with Kristi. She is amazing. I had some other fancy massage places - it wasn't any better.Really tries to stretch and loosen whatever is knotted or clumped. LOVE her. LOVE her.
5	I was having a lot of trouble with my right shoulder, a lot of pain, immobility, numbing  for about 3 or 4 months. I do not know how I injured it. I went to get a massage with Kat at this location and explained to her what I had been going through with my shoulder. She worked on my shoulder during that same session and by the time I got home I had full mobility of my shoulder and absolutely no pain whatsoever. It was amazing. I continued to see Kat for all of my sessions. I can never thank her enough for fixing me. No more pain and I can move my arm/shoulder! She is the BEST!!!
5	The most professional ME and maybe first in the PHX.  The front staff is professional and accommodating.  They froze my BFs account to allow him catch up on unused massages at their location.  Transfers of massages to other cities (Glendale, Palm Springs, Vegas) have always gone well.
1	The front office staff is fine but the people who do the massages are very hit or miss. My biggest issue is the difficulty in getting an appointment. They have so oversold that it is extremely difficult to get a same day or even next day appointment on the weekend. If you have the capability to plan a week or two ahead, it is worth it. If you wake up with a tweaked back or a sore neck on the weekend, you have a longggg wait. Unfortunately the same people own a number of the local Massage Envy stores and so this is true for a lot of them.
1	Constantly canceling appointments and offers no solutions.  They don't even try to call other locations.  Not worth the trouble...
4	great massage and great front office staff.
5	Brianna is AWESOME! A true healer. She made me feel relaxed body and soul. I highly recommend her. I'll be back!
2	Massage Therapists: great!  Management: less than favorable. I've been a member for over a year, and in general, they simply make being a member more of a pain than a pleasure. Unfortunate, but true at least for me.
1	Terrible, do NOT sign a contract.  I moved away and there was not a massage envy close to me.  They wouldn't work with me,  I had 3 massage's that I paid for but didn't use because of where I live now.  No one would work with me.  The Staff sucks, and the massage's are short by 15-20 mins.  Total RIP-OFF!  Stay away from this overpriced place!  TERRIBLE, A JOKE, NOT WORTH IT, BAD SERVICE, STAY AWAY!
