3	Hmpf. That's me sighing right now. Another Murban (Modern + Urban) shopping center plopped right in the middle of the "old" shopping area. Southside has such an eclectic mix of stores on E. Carson between 10th and 26th streets. So the works was plunked in at the end of these blocks on 27th st. and was made into a kinda sorta weird mix of stores and restaurants. You've got the reasonably priced Forever 21 or Forever 31 for those of us who like to shop there, but need to justify shopping with 14 year olds. Plus the cheapie H & M, Nine West and....that's really it. The overpriced hipster Urban Outfitters. Steve Madden I would say is not cheap unless you hit up the sale which I, of course, run straight for! I get bitter thinking about how overpriced Black House/White Market is. I really love everything in there but I refuse to spend $120 for a cocktail dress. Ok, I'm cheap, you get it! Then there's the extremely pricey BCBG. The ONLY way I shop in there is if I have an event to go to because let's face it, they do have some beautiful dresses that make me feel pretty and of course importanto! Remember people, I sift through clothes at Gab's, so it's hard for me to spend over $25 for things. I guess while I'm on the overpriced kick I can also mention Sur La Table. It's SUCH a cool kitchen store but $14 for a decorated spatula? Um, I'll stick to the $1.99 Target one, thanks. Then there's....oh wait....everything else closed! Ann Taylor - closed Joseph Beth Bookstore -closed Random luggage store I can't remember the name - closed Have any new stores opened up in the last year? Nope. That's kinda sad. What IS good about the works is the restaurants. I try to keep it local when eating out but I'm a sucker for The Cheesecake Factory. Please don't blame me. I freakin love me some cheesecake! And really, I've never had one bad meal there. Plus, there's like a 30 page menu so usually I can flip to a rando page and be happy with my choice. Doesn't matter, all good! Oh, and try the pineapple upside down cheesecake! McCormick and Schmick's is also a good chain seafood restaurant. They actually have a pretty killer Happy Hour. You can get a burger for $2.95! It may be the same price as a McDonald's burger, but it's MUCH better! Aaaaaand for the most important factoid, cheap drinks! The new addition to the works is Hofbrauhaus. Pittsburgheons can feel very special because it's only one of seven in the US. The food was super gross, not gonna lie, and I really do love German food. BUT the beer....wait....let's back up and just talk about the mug! The mug is 32 ounces of pure German fun! Believe me, I've seen the bottom of that glass! The best time to go is in the summer because they have this great outdoor area right along the river with huge picnic tables and a very large bar. It's great to go with a group of friends and drink and drink and drink. The cinema is one of my favorites in the city. The reason being that it's not busy or filled with hooligans. Popcorn's buttery, cushy seats 'nough said! So technically I'd have to rate the shopping with a 3 Star and the restaurants a 4. It's usually the other way around. Good shopping, bad food court ickiness. You win some you loose some. So go get a beer and cheesecake. Maybe don't do that in the same day though...,
3	Nice to walk around in the summer time but it's a real bummer in cold & rainy weather. Has a shop for everyone. The theater is beautiful and has special deals from time to time. Great places to eat whether you're in the mood for a quick bite or a sit down meal, classy or casual.
2	Another tired redevelopment chalk full of shopping, chain dining (Cheesecake factory, Pita Pit, ETC.) and lots of pay parking. The only reason the Waterfront is better is free parking and the AMC theatre.
2	What potential. The South Side Works is like that blind date you go on begrudgingly. You have minimal expectations and realize quickly that you're expectations are met but never proved to be wrong. The Works could be great but it just isn't.Originally, I believe this to be the premier place to shop in the city, however I was quickly mistaken by the types of establishments placed in the square. Upscale places are nice, but look around you. You've got drunk college students to your right and West Mifflin to your left I don't think either will be shopping at a Sur La Table anytime soon.I do enjoy having an H&M and Urban Outfitter so close to me, but that's truly about it. Can a local name more than 5 stores in the South Side Works? Probably not because there aren't that many down there. Sadly I'd say if you're looking to shop keep driving until you hit the Waterfront and then cool off with a refreshing dip in the pool at Sandcastle.
2	Dear South Side Works,You just keep sinking lower and lower into the black hole of empty store fronts!  Our first and ONLY Steve Madden store in the Pittsburgh area, CLOSED.  Now I see Nine West has shut their doors too.  And Tusca....looked pretty closed for biznas (must have been those pesky rat droppings).  Geez, get your act together!  They're definitely not doing something right.  Will it be redeemed somehow or will it just fade into empty storefront oblivion?The original South Side, on Carson St. is still hustlin' and bustlin' with cool restaurants, unique shops and bars.  I say they just bulldoze the works and keep with the original Carson St theme!  Easy....right?!  The ONLY hope I see at this point is the LA Fitness coming into the old Joseph Beth store in December.  As a Mt. W resident, this is awesome news considering there's no close gyms with easy parking.  We'll see though...can a gym solve all of SSW problems?  Kinda doubt it.
3	Coming from Canada we researched and found this cool outdoor mall that looked like a great place to go.  Its beautiful and the concept is great, they just need to fill it with more retailers, or parks, or other things to do.  The Cheesecake Factory is the highlight and its worth checking it out to say you have been there, but it needs some improvements to keep people down there longer.
2	This place would be a lot more vibrant and useful if parking were free or somehow comped.  During its beginning a lot of the new store front attracted outsiders as we as local SS residents to walk the area, shop at the stores, and eat at the restaurants.Now ... it just doesn't seem to get over a rather nasty case of attrition.  There's chains, chains, and more chains.  I do highly recommend hitting places for happy hour specials, that's is something they do get right in the SSW.
4	I remember many moons ago when the space that is now Southside Works was just fenced off ruble and debris. I would ride past it day and day out on my trip to Downtown.  All I can say is wow, why can't more of our neighborhoods be developed so completely 2 thumbs up to Southside Works everything is awesome.
4	I like South Side Works mainly because of BD's and some of the other restaurants. Like many areas in pgh it seems like it had many more stores then as the ecomony weakened more places moved out and we c a lot of empty store fronts and I hope that changes and one day it will be filled with stores and restaurants.
4	Ooooh!  I read several reviews, enough to know this place must have problems keeping businesses and some don't like the carnival-like atmosphere.Thought I should put in my 2 cents here,  I'm new to Pittsburgh from Nashua, NH -- all of 2 months and I have to say that today, after landing in the SouthSide Works complex, I was ecstatic!  I had found Nirvana!  Please understand from my point of view.  Been here 2 months as I said and live and work far away from any hub-bub or any simulation of activity (live in Penn Hills which I find pleasant enough) and work in Vandergrift.  So surely you can understand my absolute delight by the whole South Side Flats neighborhood -- a mixture of new and old, activity galore, actual, real stores other than dollar stores and auto parts stores where I could purchase a trendy outfit for the nightclub or rough and tumble apparel for hiking or one-of-a-kind jewelry pieces, or gadgets for the kitchen that are quite fun and spontaneous.  All this AND I can walk nearby to the local Goodwill store to see if I can find a treasure there, too.  So, yes, yes, yes, count me in as a fan of SouthSide Works and its total concept that other downtowns are trying to accomplish -- a mixture of living/working/playing all at one's fingertips (or rather footsteps).  I'm in love, I say.  I can't take much more of the rural fare east of downtown Pittsburgh offers. Give me SouthSide Works and more of it!  I think I'm gonna consider moving here and deal with an hour commute.  That's how much I love it.Something else that was noteworthy?  The entire area was clean and unlittered!  Thought that was worth pointing out.The 4 stars instead of 5 stars is only because there are some empty storefronts.
4	When my mother and I both have a day off, the SouthSide Works is also up top of our places to go list.  They have a large variety of stores that her and I both can enjoy: Sur La Table, Urban Outfitters, H&M, 412.. etc.  Also, the dining here is pretty hip and exciting.  Yes, the restaurants are fancier and mostly chain-like, but I do enjoy the entertainment that is the Hofbrauhaus and the delicious desserts and full menu that are the Cheesecake Factory. If you have a free day, and the weather is nice, you should come check this center out.  It is pretty beautiful.
4	I'm definitely partial to South Side Works -- I have been working in one of the office buildings here for 2 1/2 years -- but it's sad to hear about the shops that were once here and to see the shops that are continuing to close.Since I started working here, Nine West, Steve Madden, Joseph Beth Booksellers, and Tusca (wine and tapas restaurant) have closed. All of these closures were a blow to me. Tusca was an office happy hour favorite, and Joseph Beth Booksellers was a fantastic place to browse and pick up a last minute greeting card or present. I also like both Nine West and Steve Madden shoes, so having both of those shoe stores closing within months of one another was a major disappointment.I like getting out and about in SSW once or twice each week during my lunch breaks. They have three hot spot restaurants frequented by a lot of local employees - Qdoba, Pita Pit, and Subway, but I'm personally not a fan of any of these options. My favorite lunch spot is The Cheesecake Factory. I also like going to Claddagh and Hofbrauhaus for a drink and appetizer after work. Of course, SSW does still have a few shops left. REI is fantastic for winter apparel and for the outdoor enthusiast. I personally like shopping at Aerie, Urban Outfitters, and Forever XXI. This Aerie store is one of three full-sized stores in the city, with the other locations being Robinson and South Hills Village. I have been most impressed with the staff at this location compared to the service I've received in the other stores. I believe it's also the largest store of the three. This Urban Outfitters also seems to be a pretty large store. They do a good job of greeting customers while I'm normally ignored in other Urban Outfitters. Though this Forever XXI is on the small side, I always have good luck finding product here, while quickly becoming overwhelmed in huge locations while the one in Ross Park. Though a random spot for this store in my opinion, I have also grown to love Sur La Table. Yes, they're pricey, but they have great products that you can't find anywhere else.Overall, I enjoy SSW and am happy to work within walking distance of all of these shops and restaurants. However, if I didn't work here and have free parking at any time, I would be more likely to only rate this shopping area only 3 stars.
3	Place is alright but clearly it does not have the character if the rest of the southside.   I am a fan of Hofbrauhaus and Claddahs in here though.  Shopping is tired and the movie theatre is so so.
3	While I have found parking at times on Carson I usually end up just going to one of the parking lots named after something to do with steel making and I never forget to "take my ticket with me".  This is a cool outdoor kind of shopping place not in the traditional sense like Waterfront but more of a community type residential/office/shopping/eating sort of community not far from the Carson Southside area in fact I guess it is not incorporated into it sort of.  Forgive me and my ignorance of all things Pittsburgh since I'm not a resident, just a fan that loves going to Pittsburgh because it is a very wonderful place to visit and enjoy the many things that make this city and Southside works is one of those places.There are big stores here like H&Ml, Forever21, and smaller stores like Sur La Table and Puma.  To me it seems like the place really centers around the Cheesecake Factory being in the middle by the square it sort of stands out.  I usually stop in to Caribou to pick up coffee for my friend as well.  I've always wanted to go to Hofbrauhaus only because I'm very interested in the beer.  There's a lot of places to eat here from fast food to places to drink too.  I usually visit the Works when in town because it's a nice place.
