5	On Monday, I visited Nevada Legal Forms & Postal  on Decatur Avenue to have a small package mailed. The attendant took five minutes to calculate the first class postal rate and quoted me the lowest tariff of $12.80 to send a small package to West Virginia.  I declined their services and took the package to The UPS Store on Ann Road. Sarah greeted me, weighed the package and stated the first class postage would be $7.00. The package arrived on Wednesday!  Thank you Sarah!
5	Yesterday I stopped at the closest UPS Store (store 5659 on Ann and Decatur) to me to send a small package to West Virginia. I asked the attendant to send it the cheapest way and explained the amount of time it took to get it delivered was not important.She stated the ground delivery was $21.15 to West Virginia. I asked how much it was priority mail, she stated it would be $14.67.Instead of quoting me the lowest tariff, she quoted me the highest. I almost took the package to the US Mail, but agreed to pay the Priority Shipping. While paying, I noticed there a "Tip Box" on the counter next to the register. The next time I have to ship a package, I will travel a few extra miles and visit my friends at the UPS Store on West Ann Road (store 2938) , where a "thank you" is tip enough for them...
1	Well, I hope the owners of the UPS Store at 7065 W Ann Rd will read this.  Yesterday my brother and I went to this store for notary.  There was a young man there and a woman.  The young man told us there is only a notary there until 330pm and referred us the adjacent bank inside the grocery store. Apparently, this is a common practice. On the way my brother told me the female in there is a notary because she has notarized for him before.  He also said his friend had gone in there before and she refused to notarize for him.  I cannot locate the owners of this store as they are a corporation.  I would not want an employee like this working for me.  Needless to say, I won't go back there again for any reason.
2	Went in to send an already addressed box (10x10x2) weighing less than one pound from 89130 to a New Jersey zip code.  I advised the clerk the lowest shipping rate was acceptable, since this was a return item and I was not concerned with the shipping speed. I was first asked to fill out a UPS shipping form if I wanted to ship it UPS.  I then asked if there was another way to ship it so I didn't have to repeat the effort of attaching another address label. The male at the counter said it could be shipped USPS with the address label already affixed to the box.  I told him that that would work. I expected the package would be weighed, the proper postage would be affixed, and I would be on my way. Directly after I mentioned just using the USPS, it appeared he was perturbed that I decided to ship it USPS and advised me, because of the size of the box, it would HAVE to be priority mail at a $20.00 rate. I asked why it had to go priority mail and he repeated it was because of the size of the box.  I thought $20.00 for an item that was just barely twice that price in the first place to be shipped was a bit high and the box was by no means large at all. I again asked if there was a lower rate, not priority, but he said there was not. Hearing this, I decided to just go to the regular post office and mail it there.  Once at the post office, the price to ship it was $9.64.  Weighed, postage affixed, and on my way, this time satisfied with the shipping costs.  So was the price of $20.00 at the UPS Store correct, or was the counter guy just ticked that I decided to use the post office, which was how I felt.  So this UPS Store gets Two stars, for what I thought was too high of a shipping cost and limited options, and the perceived demeanor of the counter guy.
1	Very rude lady at the counter. She never offered any customer service, but just began barking orders at me and treating me like an annoyance rather than a customer.
5	Fast and courteous service. I have never had any problems with getting the help I need to send packages. Also worth the price of saving me time and the headache of going to the post office especially during the holiday season. I enjoy the piece of mind that my packages will actually get to my friends and family.
