3	My Carry-out experienceSo, I guess they think Customer Service was something that did not need to be offered.Hmmm... Let's start with...Not being thanked for my purchase, They tok for ever, 15 min turned into 25... and translates into eternity with hungry kids...Cheese pizza was to toasty for my taste..(kids didn't mind)When gathering my 3 pizzas they put my wings on top, I had to ask for a bag to put the wings in & then , I had to ask for napkins...and of course, I wanted cheese & crushed peppers...While writing this I feel a bit picky BUT, after all I've already paid & these are things they offer for free Right????Immediately leaving I had my review in mind..I'm sure I will return, after all $5.99 pizza is a good deal...
4	Normally we dont do the big pizza chains. But the hubby kept seeing the commercial for the big dipper pizza..at least thats what I think its called. Its 2 small deep dish pizzas cut into strips and comes with a bunch of sauce for dipping.The pizza was actually better than I thought it was going to be and my little one loved dipping the pieces into his own sauce container.It was ready in 10 minutes and the service was on point.Not a bad pizza for $12 bucks!
4	No complaints here! Did not have to wait long to order on the phone [even for a Friday night!] and customer service was efficient. The only downside to the ordering process was the mobile app [in Safari on the iPhone, no-I did not download the app-I got flustered] did not allow me to change the location for pickup, it only had a preset location [near my office, not my house] from a previous order. Moving on....the food was great, I mean Pizza Hut is Pizza Hut, so you can pretty much anticipate the end product. The one thing everyone raved about was the boneless chicken wings, they were good even being plain [kind of upset they cost as much as they do and still do not include ANY dipping sauces]! BUT definitely will return.
3	Had pizza, wings, and bread delivered to our hotel.  Food came fast and hot.   Only complaint, which is a BIG complaint, NO plates or napkins.  Guess they thought we had are own in our suitcases.
1	This was definately the worst Pizza Hut I have ever had delivery from. First of all, they were out of pan pizza! I'm not sure how Pizza Hut can be out of pan style pizza but I guess they were having a bad day! We ordered a hand tossed instead and it tasted like it has been hand tossed into the trash, pulled back out and served! The pizza was cold, the crust was extremely dry and the toppings were dried and terrible. I don't know what they did to this pizza but it was horrible! The funny thing is that it didn't even take very long for it to arrive and the breadsticks were hot. Maybe they bake the pizzas a couple hours in advance in anticipation of a rush!
2	Is it just me, or do most Pizza Hut locations seem to always be out on something? It could be your favorite type of pizza, or the wings you were craving.Anyway, I ordered a simple pepperoni p'zone and a p'zone supreme along with a large stuffed crust pizza. Their estimated delivery time was 45 minutes. Actual time was 2 hours and 10 minutes. Good on Pizza Hut for not being one of those pizzerias who promise pizza delivery in 30 minutes or less or it's free. Bad on the customers who are waiting for their order. After delivery, we checked that everything we ordered was as we asked. Pizza was fine, the p'zone supreme was fine, but they forgot the pepperoni on the pepperoni p'zone. Who would've guessed?
1	After coming here several times, tonight was the first time they disappointed me. I ordered online so I can get the 50% off promo that's going on. When I came in to pick up my order, the cashier said they were unable to give me the 50% off. She told me it's only an online offer. I told her I did order it online. Then she said you gotta put in the code to receive it. There is no such code. She told that she still can't do it she's unable to override the transaction. And to top it off. My pizza was horrible. Very dry, hardly any sauce, and the toppings were really dry. Really bad service. If you're gonna offer a deal, stick by it.
2	I have been ordering from this Pizza Hut for years and the past few orders I have not been very impressed at all.  The pizza had absolutely no mariner sauce on the pizza, I pulled the cheese back and all I see is the bread with very little red here and there. It didn't even cover the whole area. Then the mariner sauce for the cheese was so runny that I have to imagine they mix water with it.  The service has always been good, the delivery people have been good as well.
1	Ordered for carry out and we were overcharged.  We were told we needed a coupon.  Don't trust their invoices. Go elsewhere.  The pizza will be better too.
1	Driver forgot the sauces and I waited over hour and a half for my delivery. I'm pretty sure he was on drugs cuzz he had blood shot eyes. ... I'm probably never ordering pizza from here ever again..
5	Amazingly- nay, unbelievably fast delivery time! Placed my order at 3:12 pm and got a knock on the door at 3:28. I'm not even that close to the location. To cook 2 pizzas and wings AND drive it over in that time? Crazy. When I ordered, I got an estimate delivery time of 3:57. They beat that by 30 min. Love it. Good job, y'all!!
