4	We stopped for lunch this week.  When you walk in the door they greet you with a smile.  The place is nice and clean.  You pick up a small menu and mark with a pencil what you would like and hand it to the cashier.  You have many choices of different kinds of dogs with numerous toppings and add-ons.  Side orders are limited to fries, chips or potato salad.  For dessert you can have a fried Twinkie or Oreo.  The food was very good and the toppings/ add-ons were fresh.  We each had a hot dog with fries and two cokes.  The bill was $13.86.  The Ivy League is worth a visit.
5	Ear here now. This place is fantastic. The owners are friendly and the food is amazing.
5	Awesome dogs, one of a kind. Ordered a dog with crispy bacon, onions, melted cheese and a side of oh my god potato salad.. it aint a snack, its a whole lunch. so tasty i still have that after taste after few hours. im going back next week with and army of friends.
4	New place in the neighborhood, had to check it out, and glad we did.  We both got Nathan's Polish Dog with spicy mustard and sauerkraut and ordered the cheese fries.  Serving size for the fries is enough for 2 people to share.  The dogs were piping hot and extremely tasty.  Received service with a smile.  Will be going back again.
5	Wonderful establishment! The owners are very friendly and enthusiastic, and they have created an atmosphere that you will defimately want to come back to. I had the  polish dog with chili and bacon on a sesame seed bun.it was huge! Good prices as well.
5	We were told to visit this little trasure when we travelled to the Phoenix area. And boy are we happy for the recommendation. It is hard to elaborate on the comments already posted here, but I second everyone's (correct) commentary on the food and owners.  The restaurant is immaculate, the food hot and made to order. The fried Oreos are amazing. We will be back!
5	When my boyfriend and I stopped by to check it out we didn't expect to leave with new friends, not to mention a full stomach and a new sweet tooth for those fried Oreos!! The variety of things that you can add to your hot dog is just awesome, we never get the same thing twice. We try to come in atleast once a week, well we've been in twice in three days this week. Not only do we go there for the food but Derek and Krisitna are good people. They ALWAYS make us laugh. I can't get over Kristina's sarcasim!! Two genuine people that obviously have an awesome love for eachother and you can see/taste it in their dogs. So if you want to leave with a smile and a full stomach, go see Derek and Kristina, it's a sure thing. Brit & Justin
4	Great - yummy - guilty pleasure hot dogs.  I had the chili dog with crispy onions - that is rights - crisy onions.  The fries were old school crinkle cut - also very tasty.  The best part is the owners make you feel like family when you come in.  I will be back for my next guilty pleasure!
4	A great little YELP find off the I-10 freeway.  Part owner (and fulltime pet) IVY, it a Pug doggie with attitude.  She has her owners working the shop with quick smiles and friendly service.  The check-off list menu is fun and adds a little twist to the simple hotdog order.  The DOGS were amazing... it don't get better than this... each bite gave a tantalizing hint of what was to come on a fully loaded dog.  A little bit pricy... but well worth the cash.  Four Barks easy... eh, make that Four Stars!  Where the mustard?
5	My review is a bit tardy and for that, I apologize. So, my first thought was, "What the heck is so great about hot dogs? I mean, they're hot dogs for crying out loud." I am here today to admit I was very wrong. Ivy League Dogs has the BEST hot dogs I have ever had. Oh. My. God.I had a chili cheese dog with onions. It was fantastic. The only thing I would do different is ask for more chili and less onions next time, but that was my bad. The service was friendly. The place is very clean. The food is delicious. I will definitely be back!!!
1	Obviously these people are not from any ivy league state. They wouldn't know a hotdog if it bit them in their buns. Hot dogs are deep fried. Onions are size of   Chicklettes and peppers come uncooked and whole. Who the hell serves a hotdog with a whole pepper? Go to a baseball game and see how a hotdog is supposed to be served lady.Avoid this place at all costs! Poor customer service.Also, thanks for walking away when I was asking you about the peppers lady!This is from the guy with the red headed baby you were gawking at. Have a great day!
5	Nice little hidden place!  excellent food and the owners were very nice to us.  Deep fried Oreo's, all beef hotdogs made to order, and my favorite chicago peppers!  we will be back!and as for the redhead child in the complaint above, I, too stared at the abomination...forecfully restraining myself form "kicking the Ginger...."try this place, you'll love it and the prices are very reasonable.  Beware redheads at all costs...R
5	Great service, friendly owners, and awesome food. It's a fun place and I highly recommend it!
5	This place is awesome! I'm a repeat customer and have tried everything from the hot dogs to the beef sandwich and I haven't had one bad thing yet. I brought my wife to try it and she loves it too. The staff/owners are super friendly and the place is very kid friendly as well. My 4 year old loves the "hot dog restaurant." You get to pick whatever toppings you want so I don't know how you can complain about them. I read the one bad review on here and I don't know what he's talking about...I've only ever had excellent customer service in there.
1	I wonder why everyone loves this place. Something has to be wrong with ppl in az when it comes to food.  If you can ever manage to find this place open you will find that they fry your dogs in a fryer. Paid 6 bucks for the veggie dog which was a sausage style which they proceeded to fry until desiccated into dust. Kinda appalled they would fry a vegetarian dog in the same vat with a beef dog. But meh. I don't know how this place stays in business they're not open most of Saturday and they close when ever they like. ALWAYS check their Facebook page before you waste gas because they close whenever they feel like it. Not to mention the price, two ppl with fries and drinks cost almost 20 bucks. For hotdogs!!! I would rather travel to GhettoCenter and eat Hot-on-a-Stick then this rubbish.
4	2 words, great dogs! I'll start by saying that they are closed on Sunday because I tried to go there yesterday to the disappointment of stomach.When I went a few weeks ago I got a bacon dog, chili cheese fries, and deep fried oreos. I didn't eat it all at once because there definitely was enough to share. The bacon on the hot dog was very crisp, which definitely helped win me over. I hate when I get bacon on anything and it's chewy like jerky. The chili cheese fries were great, unless that's the only thing you're eating you get way more than enough to share. It was my first time trying deep fried oreos and they didn't win me over. The batter was too bland and doughy for me.I would recommend Ivy League Dogs to anyone. You get what you pay for, so make sure you come with an empty stomach!
3	This is a great chili dog / Chicago style dog made in tasty fashion. They had some people in there complaining that it took too long even though they don't start to make it till you order it. I had chili fries as well and everything tasted great and was as ordered. They are open longer hours now and seem to be listening to the reviews ( also seem to be bringing in a full time manager) Anyone who says they don't have good hotdogs here doesn't like hotdogs in my opinion. Worth the try, not an everyday place for me or my diet.
5	The owners here make the restaurant worth visiting. Food taste amazing, and my family as whole is grateful for everything the owners have done for my family after the passing of one of our family members. DID I MENTION THE FOOD IS GREAT!
1	Am I the only one who noticed that there is no "cooking" going on here. I am only going on what I saw, but the only oven I saw was a microwave. The buns, hot dogs, corn dogs are store bought. They sell the exact same corn dogs at Costco (Foster Farms). If I had to guess even the fries are bought frozen and tossed in the fryer. I mean, how hard is it to make fries? I'm really baffled that so many people seem to like this place. You could go to wal-mart across the street, buy you some buns and some wieners, save your money folks, there's a recession going on! Almost forgot the Italian Beef comes out of a crock pot, they may actually make that from scratch but I doubt it.
5	We read about this place in the Az Republic and thought we would give it a try, the owners being strong Christians gave us a lot of confidence in the visit. When we arrived we found the place to be spotless, a very good sign of the owners caring about the business. All the people working are very friendly and attentive to the customer needs. We have now been in four times and thoroughly enjoyed each and every visit. The dogs are fantastic and you get them the way you want, not like some corporation wants to serve them. Kudos to the owners and the employees, keep up the good work.
5	If you want fantastic hot dogs and remarkable tasty desserts made with a bit of class and fun, this is the place!   The food is delicious with a clean and family friendly atmosphere.  I happened to drop in on a day the owners where working and they made my day!  Friendly folks who pay real attention to detail and make it more than just a meal, its lunch and a show!  You won't leave hungry either, portions are huge, the hot dogs are outrageously delicious, prepared with a smile.  Juan, their hot dog engineer is a great guy who goes out of his way to make sure you enjoy your visit and your meal. All and all I give Ivy League Dogs 5 stars and more if the scale went higher.  You'd have to be a red headed step child, to not fully enjoy this place for a casual outing!
5	Finally there's a hot dog place here that can compare to hot dog places I've seen on the travel channel and food network.  I had the Juaninator and it was delicious.  I love this place.  The fried oreos were the bomb!  Definitely will be coming back.
4	Not so thrilled about having "fried" hot dogs, prefer them to be grilled, but food was still very good!!   Nice family-owned, cozy, joint with GREAT service!!  Will definetely visit again when in the area!!
5	This is an Awesome Hot Dog Place, highly recommend!Very friendly family owned establishment. Fried twinkle's & oreo's YUMMY. Well worth a visit!
5	This was my first visit to this restaurant and it was nothing but positive from my first step in the door.  Everyone was very nice and talked with us several times throughout our meal.  They let us try the Fried Oreo's which were amazing!!!
5	Great place!!! We were greeted and treated so well, they even threw in a free dessert cuz it was our first time there.  Our hot dogs were outstanding! I had one kinda Chicago style.  I cant wait to go back and try more options.  We had two hot dogs, fries and a drink under $13.
4	LIving in Chicago for a year and eatting protillos for lunch quite a few times I craved a hot dog joint since I moved to the desert.  I was very happy when I found this place.  Sadly the hours are strange (close on sundays and close for the night at 8) but the owner and staff are very friendly.  I ended up trying the juaninator and never had a hotdog fill me until then.  I must say its not the healthiest of options though.   On that note everything in this place is fried and  I am not sure if they will prepare the hotdog a different way.   The food is fantastic though.  Like i said earlier I order the juaninator and finished (#72) but will probably never order that again, just way too much food LOL.  Looking forward to returning and getting a "normal" hotdog.
1	I hate to write about a place I don't care for, others may find it wonderful. But I have to speak up on this place. If you know a real Chicago style hot dog, and that is your standard, this place you should never, and I mean never, step foot in. A deep fried hot dog? Sick. This place does their own thing, and obviously, some folks like it. But Chicago style? No way. Good? That's for you to decide. I will not be back.
5	Me and the family have been going there for a few months now. We are regulars at the place at least weekly or so. I can honestly say that I've tried almost everything in the menu and although some things are better than others, their specialties are delicious. After a day of shooting, I often find myself craving a Double Dog Dare Ya or even the humongous "Juaninator". The portions are more than enough and the prices are very affordable. The staff are very cordial and have become our friends I'm not a snob nor a "foodie" but as a blue-collar average American, I can honestly say we love this joint!Carlos M. Roman
5	This is one of my favorite places to eat. The food is delicious and the desserts......YUMMERS! I love the owners and their dedication to making you feel welcome. In fact, my husband plans his business trips around a Italian beef sandwich and chili cheese fries. Stop in, you won't regret it!
5	I love Ivy League Dogs! Hot dogs, corn dogs and the best french fries! Fried oreos! And the best customer service! The owners are awesome! I always support small business and this Hot dog place is worthy of support!
5	Love this place!!! Going back asap!!!  The owners are crazy friendly and hilarious.  Good place to go relax maybe watch a few games and laugh with good friends.
5	Went there as I just happened to be in the area... First time in... Owners greeted me as I entered.. Explained how to order...then talked with me while my order was being prepared.They deep fry their hot dogs...  Let me repeat this...They deep fry their hot dogs..If you've never tried this, you MUST...If you're in the area, you have to try this place.I ordered a Nathans hot dog on a poppy seed roll with mustard, sport peppers, celery salt (a must on any hot dog), tomatoes and onions with brown mustard.I'm telling you that this was the best hot dog I've ever had... I love the Nathans hot dogs at Sams Club but it's no comparison.I will be a regular at this place and I can't wait to bring my family.
4	First time there 4/30/12I don't eat dogs often, but had a craving yesterday.Arrived around 6:15pm - place was empty - greeted with a hardy Hello!Super clean place, smelled really good.. Said it was my first time there, they explained the ordering process.. very easy, fill in the blank kinda thing.. Never had a deep fried dog, so i just went plain.. 1/4lb , sweet relish.. it was amazing.. cooked perfect.. I expected to get a mouth full of grease.. not even close.. it was the best dog i've ever had, from Philly to Phoenix.. Sweet potato fries!! again.. perfection.. I'll need to go when it is busier to see if it stays consistent.. Mom and Pop shop yes.. friendly, good food, although it cost me $10 for a hot dog, fries, and iced tea.. i left full and satisfied.. Didn't try desserts... yet. -)
4	I'm not a huge fan of hot dogs, but this place is pretty cool. The do have sausage and brats in addition to dogs and everything is deep fried. Definitely enjoyed my meal here and love the customer card that lets you buy 10 dogs get one free.
5	Super Delicious! Best Burgers everrrrrrrrrrr! You guys never disappoint. Great food and even greater people running it :)
5	I have been coming here since they opened because its super close to my work and Derek and Kristina have become like family to us here in the office. Their food is always delicious and i am never disappointed with anything they serve there. I have had everything from the hot dogs to the beef sandwich to now the burger and let me tell you! Their burgers are the best I've ever had! And the price is better then I've paid for a gourmet burger like that! Anyone that says they don't like this place is a crazy person!! I love you Ivy League!!!! :)
5	I am giving this place 5 stars, straight up.  They use fried Nathan's dogs, which aren't my favorites, however....... They make up for this one little hiccup with incredible service and loads of toppings.  My 1/4 pound hot dog must have weighed close to two pounds once it was constructed.  And talk about customer service!!!!  The owners take the time to refer to you by name, are always checking to make sure your food is made correctly to your order, and they bring the food to your table if they are not overly swamped with customers.  Oh, and they have deep fried twinkies and oreo's for dessert.  Fatteningly decadent.  It's like the state fair, but at less than half the price.  I ate there around 5 p.m. and was still full at 9:30 p.m.  Ridiculously good.
5	They have burgers and home-made donuts now! Woooohoooo!!! This place has become a family tradition on Saturdays.
5	I don't go here enough, but when I do it's always top notch. Great food, great menu, and great people. The owners are some of the best people I have ever met and I believe that is transferred to their simple but awesome food. High quality people cooking high quality food.
2	I LOVE hotdogs, they're my absolute guilty pleasure and I'm not really known for being picky.That being said, I wasn't impressed with this place for several reasons. The first being price. I ate here with my mother. We each had a hotdog, a small fry, and a drink. The bill came out to be almost $20. It was definitely a case of sticker shock because I feel there are a lot nicer places two people can eat for that kind of money. I did notice after I ordered that they offered canned soda which may be a more cost effective solution to help drop the bill by a few dollars if you're not the type of person to need a million refills.I'll give them some props for both polite/attentive staff and their method of ordering. It's a lot more simple to fill out a quick form and hand it over than try to have to repeat what you want several times over to a slow cashier, so... I think ultimately what it came down to was taste and presentation though. I like to spoil myself with an "expensive" meal from time to time if the taste is good enough to justify it. It wasn't in this case, I'm sorry to say. As I stated, I'm not really picky about hotdogs at ALL and while I guess I was kind of impressed with the overall size of the hotdog it had this horribly salty -- and dare I say, nitrate-y -- flavor that I just couldn't get past. As another reviewer mentioned, the onion slices were the size of chiclets and I'm pretty sure more of them fell off my 'dog than made it to my stomach. Lastly let me just say that I, personally, was disappointed with their cheese fries. It totally looked like they opened a can of nacho cheese and just slopped it haphazardly in giant globs over the fries. Which may be just fine for some but I guess I must have been expecting something different. In defense of the fries themselves however, they were light and tasty -- not soggy or oily. In the interest of full disclosure, this review has been edited some from the original. After speaking with the owner, I would be willing to give this place a second chance.
5	OK...So I'm pretty much a regular at Ivy League Hot Dogs....  I eat here 1-2 times per month on average...  This is not because I'm a friend or relative... I am a Foodie that loves a delicious meal as much as I love a fantastic eating experience... Ivy League Dogs has both.I feel in love with this place on my first visit....  I mean the food (pretty much only hot dogs and fries along with desserts at that time) was delicious, and the service was FANTASTIC!They are small business owners that strive for repeat business... The service on my first visit was as good as my most recent (13th per Yelp) visit...Their menu has expanded and now serves hearty hamburgers (try a double...or triple..or maybe even Quadzilla if you have the guts...or stomach capacity), Cheesesteaks, Fish and Chips, Italian Beef sandwiches and Fair style desserts.I'm telling you, if they have it, you can get it... There are over 30 topping you can customize your hot dogs, burgers or even you cheesesteak with to "make it your own"...When I go out to eat with my family, every dollar counts and more important, the experience itself counts.... This place has delicious food, huge portions, very reasonable pricing and customer service that is 2nd to none!!!I urge everyone close by, or passing by to try them.... Heck, even if your not close by, take the trip.** Pay attention to their hours of operation as they are closed on Sundays and only open until 2pm on Saturdays **
5	Great dogs!  1/4 pound Nathan's hotdogs and sausages served in unique variations.  They also serve deep fried treats.  This is a must when driving into or out of Phoenix.I had the Juaninator and conquered it.  #158.(forgot to post this from my phone -- we were there 8/30/2012)
3	The Which-Wich style of Hot-Dog orders, this place packs a solid frank. The sweet potato fries are recommended and the portion is fairly large. At the end of the day, I had trouble paying nearly $10 for a hot dog, fries, and a drink; especially when Costco is right down the road and it's $1.65 for a dog and drink. If I want a Fancy Dog, I'd recommend Short Leash Dogs in Phoenix. Unfortunately, they're not out on the west side!I plan to go back and try a couple different options.
3	Good food but a Lot of it. Bring an appetite. People are nice and the owners work there too which is nice. Except theres this one cook who can be overbearing. other than that, comfortable atmosphere but very pricey. I will only go when there are specials , which I get via txt. And you can too! The number is posted by the cash register. God bless!
4	Great Hot Dogs. Haven't been there in a while, but I am very happy to see that in these hard economic times they are still doing a good business
5	I really enjoy this place. The place is clean and service is great. Hot dogs are large and fries portions are huge. My wife and I share a small order most of the time.
