5	Yay! Finally some more Korean food options in Madison!The lunch menu has the favorite dishes like bibimbap and bulgogi. You can also add bulgogi to the bibimbap!I'll be going back for their dinner menu soon!
4	Last Thursday was the most anticipated day for me, after being "rejected" on Wednesday. While the news on Isthmus only stated that this restaurant opens everyday from 11am-11PM, I didn't expect that that they would be on break during 3.30 till 5.30 PM (my Korean friend did tell me about this, as that is how Korean restaurant usually operates in Korea). My other Korean friends have been posting on facebook about the opening of this new restaurant since a couple of weeks ago. For me, it is always a good sign if the native of the food is excited about the restaurant of which they can be the standard of judgement. That night we were so lucky that we got the last seat. It was around 7 PM and the restaurant was full. I guess it was partly due to the number of few seats the restaurant has and also due to the excitement of Madisionian for the new place. Some people after us left as there was not any spot available.About the service, it was pretty quick (as I was told earlier by a friend who came the day before during dinner time that it took her and her boyfriend about 30 minutes to finally devour their toppoki and the cold noodle, but she said it was worth waiting). The waiter was nice and was responsive when I asked her about the menu. My Korean friend of course was speaking about the menu and the order in their native language, which I really love and I enjoyed their conversation so much. So, my bias about the service is already detected.   About the food, we ordered Toppoki, beef Bulgogi and the American-Korean fusion noodle (too bad it's with spam, so I didn't get to taste it, but my Korean friend said it tastes like it's served in Korea and they served it in the pot-  Korean doesn't serve the noodle in the bowl, but it should be in the pot - I learned it from the dramas and my Korean friend confirmed it.). As for the Toppoki, it came in a smaller portion (I'm comparing with the portion served in another Korean restaurant in town) however, it is much tastier and the appearance is more similar with the one that I usually see on Korean dramas I watched (It comes with egg too and that's how it is usually served in Korea). I love their toppoki as it serves my taste bud just right. It may be way too spicy for those who do not like spicy food. The bulgogi which has a variety of meat from beef, chicken, pork and seafood (plus 2 bucks for seafood) is okay. Yeah, too bad I can't give a very good review for this. I may have been too excited for the toppoki, so the taste of the bulgogi doesn't really leave some strong taste. By the way, bulgogi in Korea is always beef, so if you want to taste the "real" bulgogi, just order the beef one, not other meat. The side dishes they provided were cucumber pickles (I'm not a big fan of pickles, but this one is super fresh and good, ask the waitress to give you one, if they don't give you any), the lettuce and green onion which is a great side dish and kimchi which is another average.My overall experience eating here is good and I'll be back. I asked my Korean friend about the food and she said: "The menu is very limited but the ones that we ordered, I can say, are authentic". There you go: a Korean compliments the food at a Korean restaurant.  They need to work on more on the service in general but cut them some slack, as they just opened a week ago.
2	I hate writing negative reviews (if I'm eating out, I try to pre-screen places for quality based on reviews or reputation), but this place was new, I'm always looking for good authentic Asian food in Madison, and I was feeling Korean food.Came for dinner. I had a really awkward seat... my guest and I had to sit almost touching knees on the window seat because there wasn't enough leg room and the back of her seat was right up against the guest behind her.Interior decor is strange -- it's trying to be a bit classier than it is.Food was very mediocre and overpriced.   I ordered the dduk galbi (basically a Korean version of salisbury steak) that was dry and lacking in flavor.  My friend's beef bul go gi was dry and tough. Banchan (kimchi and cucumber) were just OK.  Rice quality was mediocre.The spinach namul small plate was $6 and I seriously only received 2-3 tablespoons.For $12-$13 entrees you should expect much more decent quality in Madison.  I didn't try the galbijjim (fancier short rib) or the jigaes (stews).. I might give this place a second chance and try one of them.. or the bibimbap.. but it's really hard to mess up bibimbap... Service was very friendly and decently attentive considering the place is fairly new... too bad the food wasn't better...Overall this is very "home-style" (nothing fancy) Korean food that is mediocre and overpriced in an atmosphere that doesn't quite fit.  They're new.. so maybe if the food improved in the coming weeks and prices went down a bit I'd give them another chance.  Maybe if I were here for lunch and had paid less I'd feel a bit better but the food was still weak regardless. For now if you want Korean food in Madison, New Seoul is better... or learn to cook Korean food at home... or drive to Chicago...
2	I agree completely with Calvin C's review from 10/1/2013. I went to lunch there the same day. I got the gimbap. It tasted fine (not great), and it was definitely way overpriced for what you get and how it is presented (very minimal). If they want to compete with other Asian lunch options on or near the square, they need to lower the prices and have a better presentation, on the plate and table AND with the overall look and feel (the disposable chopsticks were the sliver-giving kind). I also sat next to the window in a seat that was backed right up into the wall. It felt a little warm and stuffy in there as well. Overall, I feel the place needs a little more soul. Get rid of the beige and black color scheme. Put up some interesting pictures/art.I am writing this review only because I want to see more authentic Asian restaurants in Madison-- and Korean food is awesome!
5	Perfect. Food was great and service was perfect too. I had Gal-be jjim yesterday and it was so good that wants to go try other foods like Bu-dae jjigae. Best Korean restaurant in Madison.
3	Went here a week after it had opened. Went on their opening day but they sold out of food by the time I got there. but they gave me a 15% coupon to use when I return.So fast forward a week. The service was friendly. The space isn't very warming. Boring and too much empty space. Food also came out in a timely matter.I don't really understand how you can make a simple dish like Bibimbap horribly. They don't have a option to get it in a rock cooker. Thus the rice on the bottom was soft & fluffy rather then the crusty & crunchy from cooking on the rock. The egg on top was cold and half of the yolk was fully cooked and half was runny. Huge bummer for meNow the Dbeokbokki was good. Very spicy and the rice rice were perfectly chewy. But wish there was more for the price.I know they just opened but you got to open with a bang these day. Will return in a few months. For now rather go to New Seoul and even K Pepper.
2	I had the BiBimGukSoo noodle soup, their soup special (slow braise beef) and the Korean BBQ with beef (most of the dish I ordered where beef since the server told me it came locally and is never frozen). I thought the food was just okay. But then it went from okay to bad when I got the bill. The bill was over $35 for food that had very little flavor. The Korean BBQ was probably the only thing that was somewhat restaurant quality, but it wasn't impressive enough for $13. I would be better off cooking at home. Maybe once they are more established, they'll focus on flavor and reasonable price. I may try it again, but only if they are still around next year.If you want to give them a try, note their hours are funky: M-F (lunch) 11am - 2:30pm, (dinner) 5:30pm - 10:00pmSat  (lunch) 12:00pm - 3:00pm; (dinner) 5:30pm - 11:00pmSun closed
5	Sol's on the Square is a great look into traditional Korean cooking, the type Korean families would make for themselves. The food they have is awesome, homemade goodness. After returning back from a recent trip to Korea, and testing this place out on a visit to Madison, this is damn near the exact same as the food I got in Korea. There is a lot of good Americanized Korean places with tons of random sauces and what not, but Sol's gives it to you like it is over there. I started talking to the owner and learned a lot about her and the restaurant, you'll see some of the things I found out below. Feel free to talk to her, she is open, really sweet and has a ton to say. Side note, she said she shipped the spices, bowls, and other cooking essentials straight from Korea and still gets some of the essentials shipped. Pretty authentic if you ask me.The budaejigae is fantastic and I found out that the owner's family has been making budaejigae for a long time and that her family owns a restaurant in Korea specifically for Budaejigae! They will be selling this stuff like hotcakes when winter rolls in. It just warms the soul! Fantastic!!! Take some of your kimchi and put it in there too! Awesome.I also shared some of the bulgogi. Sweet and tangy. Fantastic! The marinade was tasty and a good serving of the beef filled me up.I also saw a bunch of Korean folks eating while I was there. They were there before me and I left before them and from my pathetic Korean I could hear them commenting, "Masisseoyo, Masisseoyo" (Delicious!). So sounds like they loved it as well! It will be just like the restaurants in Korea, when they are able to serve Soju and beer. That will definitely amp up the vibe of the place as well as the clientele.The music is awesome too. A mix of modern Korean Rock, Hip-Hop, Rap and a few other things. Again when the booze starts flowing, it'll be a blast there. I definitely will go back the next time I am in the Madison area. It's a great break from the cheese curds and burgers and an authentic reminder of my time in Korea!Go to Sol's on the Square if you want great authentic Korean food, cute waitresses' and a very nice owner. Can't wait for the soju to start flowing!
3	Like the rating says, it was just OK.  The housemade pan fried dumplings had a great tasting filling but came off being a little too greasy for my taste.  Bulgogi was acceptable, nothing earth shattering.  I also tried a spicy seafood soup special that came with shrimp, clams, and mussels.  While the broth definitely had a great umami taste and spiciness, I was put off by the 5-6 unopened mussels that remained in the soup.  This not only questions the freshness of the ingredients but also the attentiveness of the kitchen as they should have been removed before serving.Another annoyance is that as of last week, they just received their liquor license but still not serving beer (only cocktails).  Hard to wash down the food drinking a cosmopolitan or a gin rickey.
3	This review is only pertaining to the food of Sol's, and not the atmosphere or service. This is because the time I went, we came immediately before they were going to close and we were the only people there.  So, I don't know if they have good service or not really.When I went, I had two dishes:  A cold spicy tofu, and a really hot noodle/egg dish that came in a stone bowl.  I thought both were enjoyable.  The tofu was really hot, but the sauce it was covered in had a lot of flavor, so it was a good experience.  The stone bowl dish (unfortunately the name escapes me) had a good melding of flavors that gave the dish a good texture, but unfortunately, it was a bland tasting dish, as they allow you to have complete control of the spice of the dish by giving you the sauce.  That's always fine to include a sauce with it if you want more kick, but to start it with none at all is annoying and makes it hard to gauge how much sauce you really need.  My friend had a dish that was like sushi, but had some small differences.  He enjoyed it, and for what he paid it seemed well worth the price.I'm only going to give this place a 3 at the moment, because I feel like the restaurant is pretty apathetic about the madison vegetarian population.  The signature Korean BBQ dish had no vegetarian option (I feel like tofu would've been easy), and there were only a couple full vegetarian dishes overall.  It was annoying to feel that limited in an Eastern restaurant, as that's far from the norm in that type of place.  I'll likely amend this review when I go there again to give the service a more objective rating, but for now it's at a 3 for me.
5	Sol's needs more lovin'I came here for dinner last Friday, and arrived before all of my friends. The friendly host directed me towards the bar area, and told me I can relax while I wait for my friends.The bar was surprisingly extensive, with a great list of cocktails unexpected from most Korean restaurants. There were no drink specials, but the bartender was willing to make most cocktails for $5 (normally they'd be $7).I went with a Moscow Mule, which was light and sweet, yet with enough kick to wake me up from the cold.When my friends arrived, we were promptly seated and given menus.Our enthusiastic waitress explained any questions we had, and provided helpful feedback on most dishes..My group got an order of gimbap (healthier sushi roll made with meat and eggs) with individual entrees.I got their spicy pork bulgogi, which is a traditional Korean dish consisting of marinated meats over rice. Another popular option among my friends was their bibimbap, which is a mixture of rice, vegetables, sliced meat, and chili paste, usually with a fried egg on top (vegetarian options are available).Our piping hot dishes were ready soon after, and we went to work devouring everything.The gimbap was delicious, with enough pieces to go around and a dipping sauce for added flavor.My bulgogi was extremely flavorful, with a layer of spiciness that's balanced out by the sweet, tender meat. The rice does a good job soaking up the sauces from the pork, and acts as a great buffer against the fiery spices. Our dishes also came with generous pieces of protein, and could easily satisfy a bunch of hungry, mature adults (lol). While the prices aren't exactly cheap by Madison standards, it's definitely fair for Korean food. ~$10-12 for an entree in a modern setting with friendly service? You will definitely be seeing me here again.
1	Very bad service!!!! Avoid if u r Korean from out-of-town, and stopping by for a taste of home. Servers were only nice and accommodating to non-Koreans!! Menu items are not very diverse either. Our group had to wait 10 minutes BEFORE even be seated. Water was never refilled, and they brought out dishes in very weird order -- side dishes AFTER the main meal, etc. Not the best place if u expect any kind of service.
4	I love the food!  My husband and I first tried Korean food in Ann Arbor, MI and became huge fans.  We were thrilled to have a Korean restaurant open a few blocks from my office.  I have had lunch, dinner and take out and enjoyed it all.  Plus, the staff is so sweet and helpful!
5	I came here last Friday with a friend. We arrived around 7 p.m., and the restaurant was pretty empty. Not a good sign, but it ended up being a great meal. Our waitress was friendly and our orders came quickly. I got spicy pork BBQ, and I thought it was quite good. I had only had Korean a few times before, so I guess I'm not the best judge, but I was impressed. The BBQ was indeed spicy but not so spicy as to take away from the flavor. The portion was generous and I had enough to save for lunch the next day. I'll be back!
5	Very good new restaurant right off the square.  Our party of 4 tried several dishes and all of us were very happy with the food and generous portion sizes.  They even modified one of the entrees (the Korean "sushi")  for us to share as an appetizer and substituted a kimchi plate instead of the soup (we did not ask for it and were pleasantly surprised).   Would recommend asking for your Bibimbap in a stone bowl - really ads a lot to the dish with the crispy rice bits in the bottom.  looking forward to going back soon, my husband and I are fighting over his BBQ pork leftovers!
4	I really like this unpretentious and delicious new restaurant. I took my friend out there and we ordered the GalBi JJim for two people (32$). It was absolutely perfectly seasoned and cooked. Very delicious and the right size.What sol could do better: Seeing the garbage and fluorescent light of the back really kills the decor in half the restaurant. The music could be better. The menu has a lot of value (good food and good prices) but it is hard to see that. I recommend simplifying the menu to one page and have the waiters answer more questions. Also adding some a la carte or sides that you can up sell will increase the perception of value and increase engagement and report with your great staff.
4	We tried the ddeokbokki, bibimbap, and ddeok galbi.  The ddeokbokki was very spicy (that's a good thing), the bibimbap was good (it's almost impossible to mess it up), but the ddeok galbi really wasn't worth the menu price.  The menu described it as being cooked with their special sauce, which sounds like it would be really flavorful but it was pretty bland.I still prefer New Seoul as the best and most authentic Korean food in Madison, but I'd go back to Sol's if I had a Korean craving and didn't feel like going all the way to New Seoul.
4	When I walked in the door I was initially unimpressed. I asked two different servers whether there were any vegan options and nobody seemed to have any clue. Finally a manager passed on the word that the BiBimBap could be made vegan and we decided to grab a table and stay for dinner.The food was very, very good. Ben got the spicy noodle bowl and I got the BiBimBap rice bowl which came with kim chi, seaweed, pickled cucumbers, and a really tasty spicy sauce. Everything was HOT, but we were both members of the clean plate club at the end of the meal.I'll be back!
3	So, I came back here last week, and now I have a much better grasp of the place. Sol's is a place to go to to get some good food, but you need to come with some precautions.Both times I went, I had the same two dishes:  A cold spicy tofu, and the bibambop (sp?).  I think both ware very enjoyable if it's the kind of thing you're into.  The tofu was really hot, but the sauce it was covered in had a lot of flavor, so it was a good experience, but not for everyone.  The bibambop had a good melding of flavors that gave the dish a good texture, and the second time I went (but not the first), it had some good flavors as well..  My friend had a dish that was like sushi, but had some small differences.  He enjoyed it, and for what he paid it seemed well worth the price. My other friends had a sweet potato noodle small plate, and they both claimed to like it.So, yes, the food is good, but that's not the entirety of a restaurant.  Service wise, they're fine, but could be better.  We got all of our food in a timely manner, the servers were nice, and they filled up my water often, but they were lacking in knowledge about what their dishes contain, which is a real problem.  This is a real problem because both times I went there, I ended up getting beef in my bibambop, and both times I requested it vegetarian.  The first time, I just said that I wanted it "vegetarian", and they ignored that.  The second time, I specifically said that I wanted it with kimchi, and the menu states that you can sub out the beef for kimchi for a dollar extra.  But again, I got beef (and kimchi).  It wasn't a huge issue, as I could take out the beef easily when it was served, but take note that Sol's is a very difficult restaurant for people with dietary restrictions.I was disappointed to find that the signature Korean BBQ dish had no vegetarian option (I feel like tofu would've been easy), and there were only a couple full vegetarian dishes overall.  It was annoying to feel that limited in an Eastern restaurant, as that's far from the norm in that type of place.  Finally, this isn't a complaint (because my party liked it), but i'll note that they have a very eccentric music selection for the place.  It rarely fits the vibe that the decorations give, and it's often like a tour of weird songs.So i'm giving Sol's a 3, because while they have a lot of things nailed down (namely the food itself), they need to work on other aspects to make it a real destination for your dining experience.
5	I lived in Korea for 2 years and was excited to see another Korean restaurant finally open up in Madison.First of all I have to say that other reviewers have been pretty harsh and seem to expect this restaurant to conform to some American standard of what they think Korean food should be. If you want Americanized food don't eat here. I have been to New Seoul and enjoy it though I do think Sol's is every bit as much as authentic as New Seoul. I have been here no less than 8 times since they opened and have tried a variety of dishes including the Dolsot Bibimbap (hot pot), Chapjae, ddeokbokki and Soondubu (Tofu Soup). They have been very accommodating about making non-meat options and substituting ingredients. That said Korean food is naturally full of meat--one thing I learned when I moved there. I don't believe that all restaurants that are specialty restaurants have to accommodate every single food fad or taste that people want. There are restaurants that I don't eat at in town because I know they are not things I can or would eat. Americans seem to expect everyone to cater to their needs all the time and if you're overly modifying a dish you aren't getting something authentic anyway.Portions: Another American expectation for portions to be bigger than naturally healthy or eaten elsewhere. Yes, we are in America but Sol's portions are very sufficient for a satisfying meal without feeling stuffed. Prices: Very reasonable for downtown Madison unless you want to go to Korea and get bibimbap for $3.00.Decor and Music: Korean restaurants in Korea are by nature a little cheesy and bland. And music as well. While I agree with other reviewers that these two things are maybe not what our standards of decor and music would be in a restaurant of this type they are very Korean. Authentically Korean. The space on the walls and the color of the paint bugs me every time I go but I laugh because I know it to be typically Korean and it reminds me of being in Korea as much as the food does. I'm not a drinker so can't comment on bar selections but my friend had a drink and said it was very weak. I give Sol's 5 stars for satisfying my craving for authentic Korean food and making me feel like I'm back in Korea every time I visit. I recommended Sol's for a full Korean dining experience.  Korean food is an acquired taste and unlike any other ethnic cuisine. Try to lose the expectations and just enjoy the experience of something different.
5	As you read reviews, I hope you take into consideration Sol's only opened around September of 2013. With that, many of the earlier reviews were through a transitional phase that every restaurant goes through! The Sol family is always there running the restaurant and they have been working really hard to get their restaurant at a solid place. Many of the negative reviews on here rip on the decor/atmosphere. No lie-not the coolest or most innovative looking place, but Caribou looks like shit and has a fantastic burger so why don't we put those comments on the back burner and talk about the food, yeah? I eat here just about every week and just want to point out some basic highlights that took me a bit to find and you might really enjoy them if you're a novice in the world of Korean food like me. Bibimbap with bulgogi is a solid dinner choice with rice, some hot sauce an egg and pickles with spinach (getting it on a hot stone will keep that dish SCALDING hot the whole time). I love the spinach, but it comes in the bibimbap and runs $6 on the menu so I'd just go for the bibimbap. Japchae will be clear noodles with the bulgogi and some onions and peppers-the portion will be enough for one person's dinner. Gimbap is always a hit! and also just the bulgogi dish with rice is simple and delicious. Many of my friends love the spicy squid too. I am not the biggest fan of the Soondobu because it's pretty tame, but it will cure a hangover if you are in need. Tonkatsu will be one i'd be steer away from unless you don't want to do any of the pickles, or kimchi and want a super basic dish. It is tasty but this is one of the dishes you might be pissed about eating in a restaurant because it wouldnt be hard to make something similar at home (deep fried breaded pork with rice and a piece of shrimp)GalBiJJim is a smart choice to split between two or three  for $32 it is a TON of food,i i'm talking a pile of short ribs in a sizzling hot pot with a big bowl of rice on the side. Hope this helps you get acquainted with Sol's menu! Definitely want this place to stick around with your support. If you're smart about ordering you can have a great meal there without doing too much damage on your wallet.
1	Bad service....my friend and I waited way too long. We sat there for an hour. Even customers who came in after us got their orders way before us....our order is not that complicated to cook..I def don't see why it took so long. Finally our food came, but it's not what we expected. Average taste. The soup is basically from instant noodle package. Thumb down! Besides, when I asked for some paper napkins, the waitress gave me a poker face immediately...we also had to pour water ourselves. Bad service..I also seriously think the owner is racist. She always smiles at white people but is very impatient with other customers. I would say it is my worst dinning experience.
1	bad and slow service!! waiters make you feel like they just cant wait for their shift to be over. mediocre food~do not recommend
3	I ate here last night, and it was fine. I had the spicy chicken bulgogi, and it had a lot more heat than I expected. My dinner companion had the beef bulgogi. I tried some of the beef, and I liked it better than the chicken version. The beef was tangy, tender and not spicy.While I did feel like $12 was a bit too much for the portion size, you do get starters with your meal. Of the starters, the spicy cucumber slices were the best. I would go back again just for more of those! The side salad was also very good. The menu is actually quite small, so don't expect a plethora of choices. Service was fine, and our food was delivered pretty fast. The beer selection is pretty limited, but a $5 Snake Hollow IPA is good enough for me. They also offer some mixed drink options.Noise level was low, and I liked the plainness of the space. While I'd go back to try Sol's again, I was a bit underwhelmed. I definitely prefer New Seoul, one of Madison's only other Korean dining options.
5	The best Korean restaurants in Wisconsin, period. I ordered a pork cutlet and it was tasty.
2	I gave this place a second try after coming in shortly after their opening, and I think my first visit was the better experience. Maybe they added a few items, but it still feels like a relatively limited menu, just now they also serve cocktails, wine, and soju.I've tried the bibimbap, bulgolgi, dukbokki, japchae, and two of their noodle soups. I feel like they used the right ingredients but the execution is a little disappointing. Almost everything I tasted, but especially the banchan, is too salty for me. Actually, the gimbap was okay. Finally, the seating arrangement can be crowded; either the layout is odd, or the acoustics are weird -- you can basically hear everyone else's conversation. If you're seated toward the back, the bussing station can get loud, I almost jumped out of my seat when they were putting away plates. Also, for some reason it was so chilly I almost felt like I had to keep my winter jacket on, even though I was eating hot soup. I wonder if they had a door open out back or just had the heat off?
4	I'm out of town-er from Chicago, a city which has more population than Madison, thus one might assume probably more Korean restaurants. However, you'll be surprised of how little Korean restaurants there are that cater to non-Koreans.With this experience I have with Korean restaurants, I found this one in Madison to be filled with surprises. It certainly sticks to its authenticity, but managed to gear towards non-Korean crowd with selection of menus that are friendly but not so easy to get by. Believe me, I've seen so many dishes served in Korean restaurants that are too sweet, salty, or spicy just to cover their lack of depth in flavor. I tried boodae jiggae (not sure if I spelled that correctly) whose broth was rich with excellent proportions of ingredients. I could taste seafood in there which might have been the base broth, but I could be wrong. Another dish I tried was spicy squid bulgogi, which I normally deter from ordering but my friend insisted on getting it. I was glad I did, and definitely was Bab Dodook - a term used when the dish is so good you keep on eating it with rice nonstop - its literal translation is "rice thief."I gave 4 stars due to some of its limits - I think it can improve on decorations and overall ambiance as it progresses and menu can expand - find its specialty since I think the menus are fairly parsed out in terms of category. I loved the 'on the doma' theme and crave to see more of it!
4	Okay so this is my first time having  Korea food......  so I can't tell you how "authentic" the food is......  HOWEVER I can tell you that I liked it and will go back.  I had the bibimbap and it was VERY good! great spice with that nice little kick of flavor at the end.  The only thing I didn't like about the place is the hours are a bit odd and the place is closed on sundays (just something to keep in mind).
2	I came here with high hopes thinking there's finally a good Korean restaurant in town.. And I must say that it was a yikey experience and I don't say that a lot. We got seated pretty much next to the doors and the wind was blowing so that didn't help.. We ordered green onion pancake which should have squid and clams in it.. Turns out it's literally 10 stalks of green onions cut into 5 inches in length and topped with 7 tiny shrimps and 3 thinly sliced squid pieces on the top.. There was no batter or anything and what happened to the clams that was supposed to be in it?? It did not look anything like Korean pancake I had at other Korean restaurant (see my pic for justice). Then we had bibimbap which had way too much rice and way too little toppings.. Another disappointment. I had bolgogi. It was okay. Nothing too special. Honestly.. If I have to make a Korean meal. I would have outdone the food I got here. Very disappointed!
3	I've been here twice now. The actual food is pretty good but there are several other things which frustrate me and have made me give this place a 3. Things that are fixable so hopefully this relatively new restaurant can only get better.I believe they are understaffed. My party of 6 were not really greeted, we waited at the bar for about 10 mins, were not asked what we wanted for drinks as we wait. Grabbing their attention was difficult bit we managed to get drinks. Our waitress was friendly but got crabbier as the night progressed, probably from being overworked.Their menu seems very limited. Most Korean restaurants offer 2 to 3x as much for options. Korean cuisine uses a lot of similar ingredients for various dishes so I can't imagine it hard to at least expand a little.We ordered the jap chae for an appetizer which was pretty tasty. However our scallion pancake was really strange. Nothing like a pancake at all! Would you like some batter with your scallions? We were literally eating just stalks of it with a sprinkle of batter. I prefer not to eat that much onion at once and don't think they should call this a pancake at all. Also their bulgogi looks awkward with the rice served next to the meat on the sizzling plate. Traditionally it is served separately on a bowl. I got the bibimbap was what I got and it tasted it fine. Most things tasted good I just think there are other aspects that they could improve.
2	The service can be atrocious and the staff can be rather laissez-faire and unfriendly.  I think the staff could use a lot more training on how to be decent servers.I think they need to try harder if they want to stay in business.  The food is OK if you've never had Korean food before.  If they want to cater to people that know Korean food, they need to be a bit more meticulous.  They should serve some basics that are normal in Korean restaurants, like ginseng tea, green tea.  They should also have some Korean pancakes, better choice of side dishes.  The spicing and marinade is rather bland for Korean food.  I think they could ask the customer what level of spicing they would like.
3	Great location, friendly service and good food.  I was super excited about a new Korean restaurant that wasn't so far from my home as New Seoul (on the near west side).  It's a great location just off the square.  The dining area is nice with a great bar.  I got the beef BBQ which was good, but did not compare to the BBQ at New Seoul.  Some friends got the Bibimbap which looked delicious so I'm definitely getting that next time.  The biggest negative was that the restaurant was uncomfortably warm.  However, the service was great!  Overall, I'll definitely be back to try more of their menu, especially their drink menu.
5	Super upgrade with everything. Helps they have a bartender now. Sold out of KFC but getting me to come back!
4	Highlights/lowlights 1) great Korean food2) excellent location just off the square3) friendly serviceI came to Sol's on a Friday night with a group of friends around 8pm without a reservation and we were seated right away. The atmosphere is fine, sadly a little more bland than I expected. The service is really friendly and we received waters right away. I ordered the pear drink that has soju in it and it was awesome! The flavor wasn't too sweet and you could really taste the pear. Most of us ordered the chicken or beef bulgogi and one of my friends got the bibimbop. We all really liked our food! The chicken bulgogi was good but pretty spicy! If you come be prepared to eat Korean food, this is not an Asian fusion restaurant.Great place to try if you are looking for Korean food in the downtown area!
3	It's probably lame of me, but I can't remember the names of any of the dishes we had except for my friends' "spicy chicken" which was a simple one- good chicken and good rice! I had a bowl of udon noodles with fish cake, calamari, and stuffed tofu. It was definitely one of the more adventurous dishes I've had in Madison, considering I've JUST started liking fish and am trying to expand my horizons. How can I become a foodie if I'm scared of fish texture?! :) So the dish was pretty good, although it was hard to eat because the noodles were slippery and the broth was SO hot! My friend got some roll thing that he enjoyed. The pickled appetizers were out there for me, but tasty! If you love spicy foods, I would totally recommend this restaurant. If not, be careful what you pick!
5	I love this place. The menu is simple and the food is fresh and yummy! Be careful thou if you do not like spicy food.
3	The menu has changed since last time I visited Sol's and I'm sorry to say it's for the worse.They removed the Gimbap (Korean Sushi) and the option to have Bibimbap served in  a stone bowl (which was awesome when they had it). Both of these are sorely missed by me and my dining partners. We ended up ordering the Korean BBQ with spicy pork and Bibimbap with spicy chicken. Both were good but not amazing.The night we ate there, the service was extremely slow despite the restaurant being almost empty.Last time I ate at Sol's I would have given it 5 stars, this time it is getting 3 stars due to the menu changes and slow service.
4	I'm not a fan of rice- but the BiBimBap was delicious! The sides that come with the rice are packed with great flavor!  P.S. it still comes in the stone bowl if you ask for it. The menu does not have too many options, though. Good service, we asked her to recommend some dishes, and we loved what we got! We were here on a friday afternoon, and there was plenty of seating- but that's no surprise, the place is relatively new. Judging off the previous reviews, this is an improvement from the past. I will definitely be back!
4	Came in for dinner on a Saturday night.  Ordered the dumplings which were quite tasty.  Entrees were Korean BBQ (Pork) and Bibimbap (Chicken).  The BBQ was very good - ample spice.  The Bibimbap was good, but was lacking in the protein quantity and veggie quantity which was substituted for and occupied by white rice.  The heat level was good - but it would have been better with more veggies and protein and less white rice.  The restaurant was a little on the dirty side - menus had food residue on them, and some overall lacking in cleanliness.  I will say that our server was excellent and earned this place their 4th star.  She was attentive, but not overly so.  In short - it wasn't a great meal, but it wasn't a bad meal.  I think the verdict is out, but I would be happy to return to give it another shot to see if it wins me over or sends me packing.
1	I'm sad to have to give this review. I've tried to eat here a half dozen times over the past several months, and succeeded only once. While the food was ok, the service leaves much to be desired.  The biggest complaint? That they don't seem to understand why they have hours of operation on their web profiles, and posted in their window.  As a busy full time worker and student, sometimes I can't make it to a restaurant until after 9. So if you post that your hours are until 10 pm, and the sign in the door says the same thing, and if come in at 9:15, when there are still customers eating, why the hell would you tell me your closed? The sad part is that this isn't a one time occurrence. It has happened repeatedly over the last several months.  You'd spend your money more wisely at New Seoul. My experience over the years is that Korean restaurants either look nice and have poorer quality food and service, or they look like a hole in the wall, but have better food and service.  Sol's on the Square is the former, while New Seoul is the latter, and they actually are open durring their posted hours of operation.
4	All that I have had here was the bibimbap because I've been needing a great go-to Korean place to get my fix since I moved here from Chicago. It was delicious! Definitely recommend paying the $1 extra for the hot stone bowl so your rice gets crispy on the bottom. Also, I really appreciate that soup and appetizers are included. The restaurant is small and I have yet to see them be busy so I have not had any issues with service!
3	My girlfriend and I stop by for lunch our first time at the restaurant.  We ordered the Chive ManDoo dumplings as a starter, thinking it was vegetarian (had pork in them-:(.We ordered 3 lunch entrees Tofu bibimbap, and another bibimbap with spicy pork & extra beef bulgogi, and spicy squid bulgogi.  It was good but not 'wow' when I had better in DC, LA and Seoul.  Giving it a 3 star.  Our one suggestion base on what we ordered would be to add less rice in the bibimbap and more vegetables to balance it well. Overall, service was excellent, food was good.  Our lunch bill came to $59(not including tips) which includes 2Asian pear punch drinks.
4	Los Angeles Korean-American approved is all I'll say! Been to all the Korean restaurants here in Madison at Sol's got that authentic kimchi stew that I can only get back at home. The spicy pork and beef bulgogi is good. The spicy cold noodles are good as well. Is kimchi is not your thing, stay safe with the hot stone bibimbap, bulgogi and tonkatsu. The side dishes are delicious- the way they should taste. Of course, this is a Korean speaking. So give it a try and see what ya think. Only reason for the four stars... The service. It's usually a wait when busy, since it's a family run business and not lots of servers.
5	I've been here a few times and the food is always amazing! The spicy bulgogi is the best I have had anywhere and the bibimbap is fantastic. Service is great and I like the unique beers on tap.
4	Food was great, service was slow, could use an extra pair of hands. Wished they had more KFC to offer :(
3	I thought the service, decor and beer selection was good. The meal we ordered was not. I shared the budae jjigae. If you love spam (hormel) this is the dish for you. It may be traditional to serve it, as a left over from when American troops were in Korea,  but I thought it was over the top with spam. I will try Sol's again but that dish was poorly executed in my mind.
2	The food is just fine; i had bibimbap. But the service is horrible! horrible! I was shock by how terrible their service was! and also they impose 18% of gratuity on the bill, which doesn't make sense at all. The environment just makes me not want to go again :(
4	I find this place to be very comforting. On a chilly day, you walk in and the warm, Asian barbecue smell wraps you in a cozy cocoon of enticing scents. The service has been kind and competent, and I like the small, familiar space. Personally, I don't mind a small menu, either. Do a select set of things you do well, and I'll be back for more. I've heard people complain that you can only have a few things there; I didn't find it to be a limiting selection at all, just the Korean classics you would expect.My first time, I went with my sister as part of a weekend of Asian food-crawling. We had the tteokbokki (dukbokki?) and then shared a hot-pot.  This was probably a mistake, because it was a LOT of food. (See photo) The price made me think the two of us Midwestern girls could put that away easily. WRONG. We did pretty good justice to it, but it was too much.   The tteokbokki was delightfully springy and just the right amount of chewy, the spicy barbecue sauce paired well with the mix of pickled accoutrements provided. The fish cakes that come along traditionally with tteokbokki was not mind blowing, but also good. A little flat, perhaps. The Hot Pot arrived as we were eating a little kimchi sampler and putting down the delicious tteokbokki while slamming their Asian pear punch.  The punch, while delicious and refreshing, is very weak as far as alcohol content, not much of a punch to the punch, if you will. The mini stove apparatus took up almost the entire table for two, which immediately tipped us off that it was going to be a lot of food. The server kindly offered to move the table next to us over to give us more space, but we saw that they were busy and didn't want to take up a table just to be gluttonous monsters.Thankfully it was apparent that the staff knew how to time out the hot pot, since we obviously knew nothing of what was expected of us when served this item. The server instructed us to ignore it for a good bit  while it came to a boil, and that they would be back to serve us.   After about 10 minutes we had finished our appetizers and were staring longingly into the depths of the beckoning hot pot. It smelled so good... we began to debate if we had been forgotten? It was boiling... should we stop it? What if it's overcooking?  We began to fret, and started picking bits off the top. Eventually a different server came by to let us know that is was "almost done" now that it had come to a full boil, and should be left for another 5 minutes or so to thicken.  D'oh!  We should have known better than to eat it before the waitress returned. She was right, it was better after she came to check it, stir it, and then wait for it to cool down some and become less brothy.  It was amazing.  I definitely noticed a few patrons staring at our massive stovetop of deliciousness. Their jealousy was warranted.Absolutely worth a try if you like Korean comfort food. We enjoyed everything that was brought to us, and I have now been back several times. Great location, nice folks, reasonable prices and decent sized servings, and you can tell by the number of Korean patrons that they are doing something right!
1	Ordered Deokk Bokki. Waited for the hot pot to cook for about 15mins. It smelled great. I was happily getting started on my first bowl when my wife gasped in shock.She had a piece of glass in her hand. Apparently she drank the soup and felt something hard and sharp in her mouth.While the staff were apologetic, and said they wouldn't charge for the meal, how could anyone continue with the meal, knowing that there could be small pieces of glass in the soup?Really shocking... The soup tasted nice (can't comment on food since I don manage to start on that) but the glass bit really left a bad aftertaste. Not sure I will ever go back again.
