4	I have finally found my go to delivery spot for greasy Americanized Chinese food! After trying several others (Cook on Wok comes to mind) that fell short, this one so far has been far better than anything else I've tried in Vegas. *note - for "fake" chinese food, clearly this place isn't authentic and doesn't try to be! All of the meat dishes come in "small" (which is still very good sized for 2 people). Be sure and ask for the small size if there's only a few of you or you want to try a few things. Pork fried rice - classic greasy chinese food staple. Plenty of pork!Sesame chicken - the best rendition of this I've ever had. Sticky, sweet, crunchy, delish! So far no weird chewy chicken pieces that I usually find in Chinese food dishesMongolian beef - very spicy and I wasn't loving the beef.. kinda chewy. This one I won't be getting againDumplings - good for chinese delivery, but nothing to write home aboutCrab ragoons - the best ones I've had here. Getting the perfect blend of "crab" and cream cheese is an art and these guys rock !It says no MSG... there's probably some trace MSG in the food or something, but I can say I do feel fine after eating here - which is more than I can say about most asian places in town. Delivery was quick, prices are reasonable. I'm in love.
5	EXCELLENT CHINESE FOOD THAT DELIVERSI have gone to this location on Valle Verde for years and have loved this place. It's a great VERY FAST Chinese Food restaurant that serves very good food. Plus they deliver!Last week I got my favorite dish. Not only did it come out in minutes, but they brought it to my table... they don't have waitstaff!There is a large menu with lots of combinations but I've found that you can pretty much MAKE UP WHATEVER YOU WANT. For example, instead of the CHICKEN AND EGGPLANT or TOFU AND EGGPLANT I just get CHINESE VEGETABLES AND EGGPLANT. It is by far my favorite dish of theirs.  You can get HALF ORDERS (Most Whole Orders are $9, half orders are $6). Most lunches come with a combo setup including EGG DROP SOUP.VERY FAST and VERY, VERY HOT!!!
4	YUM YUM YUM!!! I can't believe I found a delicious Chinese food delivery place!!! I got the half orders of Orange Chicken, Mongolian Beef, whole order of Pork Fried Rice, and Crab Rangoons. I of course was ordering for 2 people, and this was perfect, and even had leftovers. The Crab Rangoons could have used a little more crab... but everything else was just what you would expect. There was actually a substantial amount of pork, and orange chicken was crispy, and very flavorful.The order came in about 35 minutes, and it was HOT, and Steamy, and just what you would want. YUM. If you order, you will NOT be disappointed.
4	So it was one of those nights, feeling lazy, tired, hungry and not in the mood to cook. Nobody wanted to get in the car and go get anything and all i could think about was the delivery Chinese place we used to call in LA. SO we found China A Go Go on line. They have a great selection and the prices are not bad. We had a few people eating so the order was large and they through in some free egg rolls and Rangoon's... So Delicious. The order Showed up faster then promised and was HOT. I cant say anything bad about this place and was worth every penny.
1	I read the reviews and decided to try this after driving all day back from the grand canyon, that we didnt' get to see I might add.  I went with the orange chicken 0 (who can mess up orange chicken) well I found it.  My bf ordered something spicy garlic chicken. Blah. He gave me a bit  and i bit into something that must have had a rock in it. Not sure what it was but it gave me the worst toothache. We ordered the chow mein which was good, but we also ordered crab won tons and never got them. 15 min into eating we finally went to ask and they gave it to us and as ana pology gave us 2 stale cold egg rolls. yuck. where you can taste the grease as you bite it. whats worse than cold grease?  I recommend trying pick up stix!!! they've never done me wrong!
4	Authentic. Coming from San Francisco and living with home made Chinese food, I can tell you, when I am ready to have a great quick REAL Chinese meal, this is the place I go, instead of driving to Las Vegas.Real chinese cooks, real ingredients that take time to prepare. None of the normal celery, carrots, onion and green onion only ingredients. Yes, this place is made for the palate of suburbanites in Henderson, but you can find some great stuff like Chicken Curry, Chow Fun Noodles, and String Bean Beef.  All very tasty.  Best for take out or very casual dining, as the eat in area is very small and loud and crowded as you are basically in a take out environment.  Try it for basic and quick chinese food. Cannot go wrong.
4	Your one stop shop for Americanized Chinese takeout....
2	I didn't think it was very good. We got the chicken fried rice, paper wrapped chicken, shrimp pad thai & sesame chicken - none of which was really good. The fried rice was horrible. I don't know why this place is so busy.
4	Great neighborhood chinese place. Lunch specials are huge!  Chicken wings are awesome! Must trys are house special chicken and wonton soup. Delivery guy is great!
4	This place is really close to my house... so when we don't want to cook... we get take-out.It's better than Panda Express... not as good as PF Chang's.More expensive than Panda Express... not as expensive as PF Chang's.I'm rounding up this time... as I would normally give a place like this 3.5 stars... but they are always quick and the location is really good for me.I really, really, really like their Wor Won Ton soup... I make it a meal most times.  It's got meaty big wontons, succulent shrimp, pork strips, chicken strips, snow peas, cabbage and carrots in a clear savory broth.  I add a bit of garlic chili sauce and it's perfect!It's hit or miss here on their other dishes... sometimes they are really good and sometimes they are just 'eh'.  I'm not a fan of their noodle dishes.  They seem to heavy and starchy. (Note: their rice isn't anything all that great either.... it tends to be dry.)I like their kung pao (anything) and their chicken and green beans is a favorite. The good thing is that they don't have the food sitting out in chafing dishes like other Chinese places... .they seem to cook your order when you place it rather than have it already cooked and just ladling it out.
4	Good, cheap Americanized Chinese food. The Sesame Chicken is bomb and the crab won tons are dericious!  I had my food delivered and I was shocked how fast it arrived, less than 30 minutes!  I'd recommend this place fo' sho'!
2	Oh I miss my old china a go go on Ann and Decatur. :(  This one is closer to my new apartment and they fall way short.I called in my order for vegetarian pad thai with extra noodles and a thai tea. When I showed up they were rude and gave me a dirty look when I asked for crunchy noodles. My Pad thai was ok, but not as saucy and delicious as usual and kinda cold.  I have always been a steady regular at the other one, but I guess I will have to find a new chinese restaurant. Shame. :(
4	China Go Go serves a good lunch special up to 4 PM. Many times when I work an earlier shift, and could make it to China Go Go by 4 PM., I take advantage of the special.   There is a variety of entrees. Unfortunately not chow mien or lo mien. Included is the soup of the day-usually Egg Drop, noodles, and fried rice. My favorite is shrimp chop suey. Their shrimp is tasty. Just like Panda Express a shrimp entree is slightly more money. With a beverage, I pay a little over $7 for good Chinese food.
4	Much better food than your average takeout Chinese. The mongolian beef actually has some spice to it. My kids love the chicken chow mein and the fried rice. We have always had great service and extremely fast takeout. We can literally call on our way home and it's done when we get there. The prices are average, the family deals are usually the best options. (Look for coupons in your weekly mail circulars.) The actualy establishment is more geared for take away service vs. eating as a family @ the location. Ok spot for eating alone, or as a pair.
5	This simple restaurant caught my eye as I was born in Taipei. When we moved here we needed affordable Chinese and here they are. The food: standard Chinese-American fare with a twist. The staff is polite, the food arrives with Blinding speed, and their delivery is ACCURATE and inexpensive!Thanks guys, we"ll be back again soon.
4	Really good quick Chinese food.
1	Thank God they are fast and nice, otherwise i would find a way to dish out 0 stars. I work across the street & everyone in the office orders food together, since it is so fast, this is often what they choose. They have a very limited "vegetarian" menu. I would use vegetarian very lightly because they cook it all in meat sauce, so needless to say after one bite I felt ill and had to throw it away. Their fried rice was my saving grace, the lo mein is trash worthy too.I brought a main course to work on a different day & decided a side of rice would be nice so picked one up. Plain white rice, how on Earth could they mess this up? Well they did when i found a huge white piece of plastic in my food! No lie, it looks like the top of the bag plopped right in there and they forgot to take it out? Yuck. Needless to say I would rather starve on the days the office orders it, the other people say it okay but it is cheap & ready in about 5 minutes. Not surprised, who would be busy with food like that?
4	First and foremost: Like most take out Chinese food restaurants, this is a western style Chinese food restaurant. If you come on here to gripe on how "unauthentic" it is, you need your head checked.I've been eating here for years. It's family owned and run and the food is not only cooked super quick, it's cooked well and priced just right!!!My personal fave is their cashew chicken, which I order extra spicey. The sauce is wonderful, there's a prefect balance of chicken and veggies, and they don't skimp on the cashews!Their hot'n sour soup is also a welcome surprise as it comes with big chunks of imitation crab and shrimp.Are you eating alone and hate left overs building up in your fridge? They do half orders on most of their menu items for $6 with a side of rice. I'm 5'9" and 165lbs, and one half order fills me up just fine.The only problem I have is that one of the dudes working the cash register can be a little impatient, but I find the rest of the staff super friendly.
4	Decided to try a different place since we just moved into the area and are still exploring. Grabbed a menu from them and was able to find it in the junk drawer... Anyways, ordered the Dinner for two "B" Sweet/Sour chicken, a shrimp dish (can't remember which), mixed fried rice (shrimp, chicken, beef, veggies), two spring rolls. ALL were very good and even the day after! OH and did I tell you they DELIVER?! It was a quick delivery too! We'll definitely be ordering from them again, really liked the dinner for two deals for like $25~, liked the price point and dish choices.
3	Sesame chicken = Sesame poop.  I'm sorry, someone had to say it.
5	Been going there for 10 years, always great quality and price.  Pad Thai, Wor Won Ton, and Combo fried rice are as good as I've had !
3	If you're in the mood for Chinese take out and don't want that corporate Panda express crap, you're in the right place. This joint cooks their food to order, albeit quickly, instead of leaving their food out under nausea inducing heat lamps. I definitely like that it is family owned and fairly priced. You can taste the freshness in the food that you won't find at one of those stereotypical chinese fast food eateries. The portion sizes were generous too and a family meal is more than enough food for a family of 5, or perhaps even 6. That being said, the taste was only decent. The fried rice was flavorful and rich. The egg drop soup was as expected. The orange chicken is tasty and familiar, but brings nothing new to the table. The kung pao chicken had lots of crunchy vegetables but I have had better. The crab rangoons weren't good at all, but don't take my word for it because I've never liked those things. The spring rolls were ok but I've had better at random hole in the wall thai restaurants. The bottom line is that this place, while worthy of my future business, still cannot beat Pick up Stix in terms of quality and flavor. I hate to say it, but a corporation still has these guys beat.
4	I call this place China Lady GoGo. I called off work the other day (because I was over that shit, yo) and I decided I was not going to leave the house on my day off.  As I was watching the Price is Right (I miss being unemployed!), I caught the Hunger Bug. This place is right down the street, so I called them up and ordered the sweet and/or sour chicken, which came with an egg roll and fried rice. The lunch menu on the weekdays is cheap!The driver showed up minutes after I got off the phone with a bag chalk-full of steaming Chinese deliciousness. The chicken dish comes with the red sauce on the side so the chicken was allowed to be crispy when it arrived. The egg roll and rice went well with watching Ellen. I resolved that I had to take off more work in the future to get that weekday lunch special. Even though I got fired, it was worth it.
5	Great Chinese food at a great price. Food is always fresh and cooked to order. There are always people going in and out, so you know the turnover is good. These guys are serious about delivery. Every time I have eaten here, the delivery guy, literally RUNS to his car. If you are looking for great Chinese food, this is the place to try!
4	Haven't been to this location in years. But was in the area so I stopped in. Still the best China a go go I have been to. They were the first in town before they franchised out...General/ House special chicken lunch special is all I ever order!!!
5	This is my FAVORITE Chinese food place in Henderson/Las Vegas!! The food is ALWAYS good and the prices are great. I am from Chicago, so I expect good Chinese food and this place has met my expectation each time. I don't understand why out here all Chinese food places put peas and carrots in their rice and are unable to take it out....NOT here!!! They cook your food just the way you ask. I eat in and I get delivery. The guy who delivers is a real sweet heart. When I come in, he still recognizes me and ask me about my day. The food comes really quick when you get delivery. Its always hot and fresh. I just love this place and will recommend it to anyone (which I have done tons of times lol)....keep up the good work all you guys there!! I am a happy customer who will always return!!!~Kona
4	Always like the fresh hot food here. My favorite is moo shu pork, a delicious mix of pork, veggies and egg with moo shu wraps. Service is quick and portions are huge!I'm sure Green Valley is no match for China Town, but in the 'burbs I love to Go Go go here!
2	It's not that good, the Lemon Chicken was tough and over cooked. Lemon sauce while it was on the side in the to go order didn't taste like lemon sauce. The shrimp fried rice was pretty plain and the shrimp was low quality and not very much. Good service and reasonable price, but not that good. Might try some noodles and maybe some veggie/tofu items if I ever go back. I wish it was better.
2	It's just ok.  At first, the food tasted pretty good, but as we settled into the meal we found it to be quite greasy.  In fact, my wife got sick from the meal while I only had an upset stomach.  I think we'll have to find another place.
4	Ive only been to this location once, but have been to China a GO GO in general many time.  I love the food here and the portions are amazing.  For less than $7 I can order a meal that will literally feed me 2-3 times.  I normally give a 5 star rating for China A GO GO but this one is only a 4 star from my one experience.  The reason for 4 stars is simply because the food wasn't up to the expecations I have from eating at the other ones around the valley.  I ordered my usual favorite which is the Mongolian Beef.  Usually this will come pretty spicy which is what I love.  This time around my dish did not come with ANY hot peppers in it at all.  I am sure I coudl have asked for some, but I didn't feel I needed too after eating this same dish at least 10 times and always getting spicy hot peppers in them.  Aside from this one mistake the place was the same as usual.  They have great lunch specials and if you eat in you get to have the awesome soup they make too.
3	I've been here twice and think it's OK.  I've been amazed both times how quickly my food comes to me after ordering.  Literally, like 2 minutes.  Are they just heating it up when I order it? But the portions are large and the prices are good.  The food just doesn't seem "authentic" to me.  But it's not bad.  My favorite is the lunch special.  For under 7 bucks you will get a meal with fried rice, noodles, and soup.  The portions are over the top for lunch but leftovers aren't bad.  The place seemed old and not spotless.  The fingerprints all over the mirrors and door kind of creeped me out.  Do they clean these at all?  The booths have tape holding the material together but the tables and seating seem clean.  All in all an OK local spot for chinese.  Don't travel out of your way.
4	The food is absolutely amazing! I love the staff of this place as well. The only reason I give this location a 4/5 is because the prices are a little over budget for me, but other than that it's great!
2	Greasy and quick should be the name of this place.. I ordered the Mongolian beef and it was drenched in oil.. it was disgusting.
5	Loved this place. Food was done quick and full of  flavor. My husband and I both loved it. So good and they are very friendly
5	OMG!  This is the place I go to for Chinese when I visit my family in Vegas. This place is so damn good my mouth waters while writing this.  Like I've said before I always judge a Chinese food restaurant based off there Beef Lo Mien, (or Chow Mien, depending on what part of the country you're from)  Which is a soft long fat round noodle, with no vegetables and extra spicy, and cream cheese wantons.For Chinese there customer service is top notch, it's cheap, and there establishments always seem very clean.  This particular location I come to because it's close to my parents house.  They also have fountain soda which is kinda important to me. I hate places that charge by the can, and a lot of Chinese places charge by the can.  That's kind of an immediate turn off.  This place is great!You gotta try them out!
4	Honey walnut shrimp is a HUGE portion and is actually better than China Tango. Includes rice and wonton chips as an appetizer if you dine in. Not bad for a local spot in Henderson area. Still can't seem to find the best Chinese take out restaurant in Henderson though.Bathrooms are like storage space too, not the cleanest, but not the worst.
4	I have been a customer of this restaurant for 13 years. Obviously I have had nearly every single item on the menu. The restaurant is always clean, they have an exhibition kitchen so you watch them prepare your food  it is also spic and span. Your food is made when you order, fresh every single time. No trays or or heat lamps here. High quality ingredients and fabulous seasonings. I recommend everything! They are always very accommodating w special orders. This is just a well run, clean, fabulous place to eat. You won't even believe how fast delivery is either!
