5	Natalie does awesome jobs on my mum! She was truly concern the well being of our hairs! And she is soo nice and funny! Love this lady!
5	Just went to Christina here at Salon Cielo.  She is such a fun, sweet person.  She did an incredible job on my highlights and cut. Looking forward to going to her for a long time. Thank you so much, Christina!!
5	Okay, so I had to make a last minute appointment... As in same day appointment for cut and color.  They were very accommodating and friendly even though I was "one of those" appointments.  Nikole was my stylist and holy crap - the BEST stylist I've ever been to, and that includes several places uptown, Matthews/Mint Hill and Belmont. She was really the first person to really TALK to me about my hair.  She asked tons of questions and I told her what I wanted.  She gave me a few pointers about the style and color I wanted that totally made sense.  As in those pointers that I'd never think about because I'm not a professional but when brought to my attention, COMPLETELY made sense.  So then I asked her, my reservations aside, what would she do to my hair.  She said a pixie cut and picked out a picture that was on par with what I'd like to see my hair do as a pixie cut.  I told her, "Do it! And while you're at it, throw in a pink fashion color.  She did all of that and more.  She was incredible and all I hear is how great my hair looks!  I love it and it's super manageable!  If you choose this salon, try and get Nikole!  She rocks!!!!
1	Hey Nina my name is Amy & I have sent you a friend request. Apparently I'm being accused of creating your account to slander Kiana because I am a former employee of salon cielo & spa. If you could accept my friend request so we can further this conversation that would be greatly appreciated. I'm sorry for your hair. There are amazing stylists that work there like Lisa for instance that can fix it. Dont let one horrible apple spoil the bunch!!!!
5	I took my mother here for a one hour facial as a gift and she came out happy and thoroughly relaxed. She said the facial was awesome and she got helpful information. A few days later she went to an event and her friends complimented on how much her face was glowing.  I was like "oh wow, I have to try this place."  So I made an appointment for a 30 mins facial and boy was I impressed.  I have went to quite a few places for facials in Charlotte but this will be my place to refresh my face! Not only did my I feel amazing after but I also got plenty of helpful hints. One in particular is witch hazel, great facial cleanser without all the nasty chemicals.  Since my appointment that is all have I used to cleanse my face (unless I worked out and need to exfoliate). The lady that does it (forgot her name but is the only who does facials...I believe) is super awesome with a great personality.  She knows what she is doing and very knowledgeable on skin treatment.  Before I left, I made my next facial appointment with her and looking to take my sister there for a birthday treat.  I highly recommend this place to get a royal treat for the face!!!!
5	I always enjoy my experience at this salon.  The facility is clean and the staff very welcoming. Rebekah, my stylist,  is a good listener and makes sure she understands what I want done with my hair before she starts.   Everyone is very friendly and makes you feel at home when you're there. I go for color regularly and get  a cut every other appointment. While my color is processing I can read a book, a magazine or work  on my iPad with no interruptions.  When I get a cut I always feel like I got my money's worth. Some salons take off a little and it ends up growing out before your next appointment. Not here. Rebekah wants you to leave the salon feeling great about your hair. I feel it is money well spent.  I am very happy I found this great salon!
1	A salon is only as good as it's worst stylist. A salon with only 5 star reviews on yelp should be amazing.  Today I made the mistake of thinking that a salon with a good reputation in the nicest mall in the region would have only hired quality stylists. For 35.00 for a mens cut and shampoo you expect some level of professionalism . When the young guy who was set up to cut my hair looked like he belonged in a punk band, I figured he was new age and maybe I was just old. I went with it. Cutting my hair is not easy, and if a girl at sports clips can do a decent job for 15.00 I would have expected this kid to knock it out of the park. At no time did the cut look even, his tapers are choppy. I feel like I just left a beauty school dropout session. I tried to temper my upset and walked around the mall a bit before I went back and asked him to fix it. He basically told me he would just make it look worse. The salon is a nice place and I saw women with beautiful cuts while I was there. However, if you don't know the stylist or someone who has been there personally, please skip this overpriced salon with amatuer management. If they cared enough about thier clientele, they would never higher someone this bad. I now need to find someone to fix this so I don't look like a complete idiot. Extremely disapointing. Have to say only 5 star reviews will now make me think scam. Especially when thier are so few.
5	This salon is everything you could want. Not only do they do amazing hair but they are professional, clean and run the salon like a business. Customer service is great. I have been going to the salon for a year and half now, and while I do wish they had an active website for booking appointments, thats my only issue. I always receive a curtesy reminder call the day before (which always comes in handy especially if you need to cancel), I am always greeted at the door, always asked if I would like something to drink and always seen in a proper amount of time. No overbooking issues and they take last minute appointments. My stylist is Kiana who is also the manager and I personally recommend her to all my family and friends regardless of the hair type.
5	Rosa was a phenomenal stylist.  She was extremely thorough in ensuring she understood what I was looking for.  She gave me some great recommendations on some minor things I can do to maintain healthier, better looking hair.  She was the consummate professional and really went above and beyond in making the entire experience enjoyable.  Oh, and best haircut I've ever had!  It was a little pricier than I'd like to spend on a haircut, but give it a shot and the little extra is worth every penny.
