5	I'm not going to pretend I'm some sort of sushi aficionado.  But I'd like to think that I can tell the difference between good sushi and not-so-good sushi.Mizuya Sushi and Saki lounge, located within the Mandalay Bay Hotel and Casino, definitely falls into the former category.The atmosphere is pleasant, and you can choose between a seat at the bar in view of the sushi chefs or a table for a slightly more relaxed feel. They also have a lounge area for enjoying their selection of sakis, but not being a real saki lover I can't comment on the quality of the selection.My wife and I started off with a cucumber salad, which was tasty and refreshing.  It did a good job of cleansing the palate for the upcoming food.  We ordered spicy tuna and California maki rolls, and salmon, yellowfin, and shrimp nigiri.Everything was delicious and well-presented.  The total for all of our food should have been $47, which is very reasonable for sushi and considering the fact it was located within the hotel.  As a bonus, we had dined during the 3:30pm to 5:30pm cocktail hour, so there was almost a 40% savings on our order.The service was good, and we had but one complaint. The fountain beverages were $4 apiece, which is obscene even by hotel restaurant standards.  If I would have known that, I would have ordered a $5 beer from their inadequate beer menu.  But the lack of good beers bottled, let alone on tap, was endemic of the rest of the restaurants I visited on the strip.Otherwise, we thoroughly enjoyed ourselves and would definitely keep this place on our short list of places to get good sushi on the Vegas Strip.
2	Expensive & service moves at a glacial speed. They have no wheat free soy sauce so the ridiculously overpriced sashimi plate (15 pieces of fish for $42) had to be eaten with no sauce. I asked for a side of rice (didn't come with the meal & was willing to pay the additional $3.50 or whatever it was) BUT they informed me the rice has wheat in it. Huh? I was told the vinegar they add to the sushi rice had wheat in it. I asked for plain steamed rice. Sorry, not possible. You gotta be freakin kidding me. We are sitting in the middle of Mandalay bay & it is not possible to have steamed rice?!? Go figure. We ordered 2 sake. Never had it before. The apple & lychee flavor ones. Dont know much about sake but these were so sweet it made the mouth sick. Husband had the bento for $17. Not a bad deal. Fish is quality but skip this place based on the price alone if you can get quality sushi/sashimi at home. We live in Seattle. Need I say more?
5	Great service. The fish was amazing and great selection
1	I would give a zero rating if I could.  This place made us sick with their poorly handled raw fish.  The worse place I've been in a long time.  I paid $120 for two people only to leave most of the fish on the plate.  These scammers are asking on average $8 per sushi serving - an extreme price.  All the fish had bad smell and below acceptable quality.   I have made sushi for 16 years and know bad fish when I consume it.  This is another blemish to the Mandalay Bay's line up of eateries.  The owners here need to be shut down.
4	mmmm yummmy sushi, and sake was soo good! I'll most definitely go here again! service is excellent as well as the atmosphere.
2	We stopped here because their dinner special was reasonable. It was about $20 for some sushi, one drink, a salad, and miso. Overall it wasn't nearly as good as the sushi I've had in LA, but the salad was at least good and I left full
3	Had yellowtail sashimi and a few rolls.  The hamachi was excellent quality if not a bit on the thin side.  The rolls were fine but far from spectacular.  Overall not bad but overpriced for what you get.
4	If you are in the mood for some good sushi come here for the lunch box special. For only $18 you can get two rolls, three pieces of sashimi, seaweed salad, shrimp tempura, and enzyme. Everything in extremely fresh and packed with flavor. The two rolls you get are spicy tuna and California roll. The shrimp tempura is a bit greasy, so you might not enjoy it as much as the other items. Be careful f the wasabi - it is extremely spicy. Oh and the staff is not that friendly or helpful. We had to wait about 10 to 15 minutes before we could get the check. Not a good thing when you need to get to your next class.
3	Tiger roll! Not as fresh as I wouldve liked but pretty close. Seaweed salad gets some props but the atmosphere in the middle of the casino is not that great
4	Hungry for sushi, and in Vegas ... got pointed here.  Hit the happy hour, and there is a decent selection of things for cheap.  Was good, but the rolls were smaller than I am used to.  But $5 hot sake and Kirins, $5 rolls and sushi - who cares.
2	I came here for happy hour because the prices were pretty good. The boyfriend & I ordered 2 spicy tuna rolls, 1 spicy yellowtail roll, seaweed salad, and hot green tea. The rolls all came out together and the presentation was disgusting. I think the sushi guy was in a hurry even though there was only 2 other parties of 2 there (and I think one of them were almost done) but that's still no excuse for the food to come out looking like something I could make better in my kitchen! But as far as taste, it was alright. I don't think you can really mess up spicy tuna or spicy yellowtail rolls. As for the seaweed salad, it was also already in a bowl, covered with saran wrap, in the fridge. I would only come here because of the happy hour prices but would not come here for dinner because I'm not willing to shell out money for the service we had. :/
1	As a sushi lover avoid this place by all means. The cut rolls are expensive and definitely regrettable. The rolls were sloppily put together, small, plus they only gave you eight rolls considering the average price was about $17. Also there sashimi was semi chewy. Great sashimi should melt in your mouth!Granted most sushi bars are expensive in Las Vegas...But I have had better sushi for the same price at restaurants on the strip. I would pass if I were you. Go to Shibuya at the MGM.
3	Why did I eat here? I was hungry and thought it would be quick which it was. I didn't want to bother with all the other crowded places in the hotel. The sushi was ok, it was edible but don't get the special rolls because they are not worth it for the price! Note to other diners, hopefully you're not eating while the cover band is playing. They were awful and you can't avoid their music while dining here. They give rock a very bad name!
3	Probably the best sushi that I have found so far in Vegas.  It's a shame that they may not ever have amazing sushi, not living on a coast.  However, when you are in Vegas, and craving sushi, it isn't a bad spot.  They are quite expensive, but buy one get one free sake carafes do make me happy.  The service was mediocre, but I really enjoyed the rolls, especially the mizuya roll and the sweetheart roll.  This would have recived 4 stars, but then the house band began to play.  The music was so loud, we could no longer continue the conversation at the table.  The male singer was good, but the female singer was just awful.  She screamed her songs, and the sound guy gave her an echo at an attempt to hide her terrible voice.
4	Sashimi and maki rolls were good especially the crab abd spicy tuna. Service was friendly, helpful and attentive. Restaurant is out in the open/in the middle of the casino but not noisy and smoky.
3	Food was average and service was sort of lacking.
5	Amazing. Fish.My buddies and I came here before hitting the Vegas nightlife, and boy were we pleased.Spicy scallop hand roll was amazing. If you like your fish spicy, this is a definite winner. The salmon sushi was really fresh, almost melting in my mouth. And the spicy tuna was really great too. All the spicy sauces weren't like any other sushi joint: instead of it just providing spicyness, it also packed a lot of flavor. Waiters were always refilling our water and really responsive. Price was reasonable for sushi in Vegas. I hate giving five stars, but I had no choice for this one.
1	EXPENSIVE! not only it was expensive but it wasn't even that good.  the sashimi wasn't fresh either. BLEH! Good thing my friend bought a coupon from restaurant.com for $7.50 (normally its $15) for the $25 gift certificate or else it would have been really expensive.  When we got there it was empty! We waited for someone to get us seated and we showed her the $25 gift certificate that we had.  She told us that we had to order $25 and up for the coupon to be valid.  There was 5 of us so we decided to order 3 dishes and split that.  We ordered:- Mandalay Bay Roll (one of their special rolls) - $18.50- Dragon Roll - $17.50- Yellow Tail Roll - $9.25The rolls were nothing special. Each rolls had at least 8-10 pieces.  The cutting of the rolls were sloppy.  The way they cut the Yellow Tail was in chunks.  POOR FISH! So i was eating a chunk of fish than a slice of fish.  We really regret coming here.  We should have bought the $40 all day buffet pass.
4	I absolutely fell in love with the yellowtail sashimi at this place!  The salmon sashimi, not so much...too chewy.  Only tried the shrimp tempura roll, which was fine too.  But that yellowtail was great.  YUM!
2	If you are on a budget and expect quality food for quality prices.... Run! Too expensive to enjoy. Travel to Los Angeles, stay in a cheap hotel and enjoy the best sushi one can afford without having a corporate account to pay for it. Pleasant atmosphere great for a one-upper in Vegas.
3	Mizuya is a strange place in the middle of the Manadalay casino.  On one side is a small sushi restaurant with a quiet ambiance early in the night.  On the other half is a bar and lunge area for drinks and music.First the restaurant and sushi area.  I love sushi, but when I say that I mean real sushi.  Not a bunch of vege crap in a roll of soggy nori with some cooked fish smashed in there. Real sushi, i mean nigiri or maki and most things raw (a few things are fine cooked like ebi, unagi, tako).The rice was well made, soft and even without hard areas from over or undercooking.  The su was moderate in flavor and balance between sweet and vinegar.  Fish selections were fresh.  There were the standard nigiri that I go for to rate the quality.Ikura:  Firm and salty without a musty taste or odd texture that comes with too long storage or poor quality.  This was a good batch, very plump and firm.Saba:  Not the best, mid range quality.  There slightly overly vinegary taste to the fish.  It was not mealy, but could have been better.Unagi:  This was very good.  The eel flesh was crisped on the outside but still tender and moist.  The kabayaki sauce was rich and thick with a nice velvety texture to it, i was pleasantly surprised.The Ama-Ebi was poorly textured and I was disappointed. The tai, tobikko, and masago were average. Fresh, but not outstanding in flavor.Lead time to get your sushi was somewhat long, with a moderate to low volume of patrons I expected better service in a higher end casino restaurant.The bar service on the other side was fast, reliable, and courteous.  The drink range was pretty wide, everyone was able to find a choice to make them happy.The music was great, the cover band did a lot of rock and grunge with some alternative thrown in.  Great singer, good range, and excellent band members.  The only problem is that the place shut down at 2, would have like a little longer music show, but I guess the hours are different when you live in Vegas rather then just visiting.Overall the food was okay, the music was great, and the location easy since I was at the Mandalay.  Would I go to the Manadalay just to eat at Mizuya? No.
3	The quality of the sushi is above average, but the prices on the strip are something to always keep in mind.  We sat at the sushi bar, and the sushi chefs were attentive, but didn't really go out of there way to help us select anything interesting to eat from their menu.
2	this place was not good. tried three different pieces. everything was very poorly made and nothing was fresh. very unhappy since we stay at this hotel all the time. needs some serious work in all areas.
3	This place is great for a quick afternoon bite.  Plan on going between 11:30 and 5 in order to take advantage of their happy hour prices ($7/roll).  We had the Spicy Yellow Tail, Spicy Tuna, and Eel Roll.  All were fresh and tasted great! I normally do not like eel and I actually enjoyed it.  The waitress was friendly and quick and there was no wait for a seat.  Like others have mentioned, there are plenty of TV's to watch the game as well.  So, if you are in the Mandalay Bay and need something quick, tasty and fresh, try it out!
3	The person that checked us into Mandalay Bay did not give his approval for this restaurant, but due to some (rude) circumstances @ fleur, we decided to give it a shot.We sat at the bar, and ordered our complimentary hotel guests drinks, where we were so delightfully turned away to the ooooother side of the bar.We ordered a 15 piece sashimi plate, which included; salmon, yellowtail, red  napper, tuna,  and halibut. We were very impressed with the tuna, salmon and yellowtail.  However, the salmon had a very large piece of bone in it still, and the red snapper was extra fishy tasting that night.All in all, a decent experience at one of the finer hotels in Las Vegas.
2	Very limited menu. No veggie tempura?  No spider roll?  Very average.  I was not impressed, especially for being in Vegas.  There are so many other better places around to go.
3	This is a weird sushi lounge.. it has an open space so your right next to some sort of dueling piano bar / live band so if youre not in the mood for live band loud music.. this place isnt for you.i orderedTamago Spicy TunaRainbow rollSeaweed saladeverything was okay...
4	We've eaten here several times.  The sushi is always good, as is the service.  Contrary to other reviews, I thought it was a nice calm quiet place to go.  Would eat here again!
5	My boyfriend and I were staying at The Hotel, and originally walked by this place a few times because they didn't look open, but you have to walk really far into the dining table area to even see the sushi bar.  It is by far the freshest sushi I've ever experienced and the prices were not unreasonable.  The sushi chef rolled the rolls incredibly quick.  One of the best places we went.  We loved it.
5	Great sushi! Wonderful service! Happy new year!
2	I came here for lunch, I think I should have gone else where.  It should have been a sign that I didn't really see too many people dining here any other times of the day.The rolls that I ordered tasted almost like those you'd find at a supermarket (and not the kind that make it there...).  The rice didn't taste fresh at all.  For the price they are charging the food needs to taste like it was made there not some factory else where or a supermarket.
1	Do not eat here.  We had the scallop roll and there was a funky scent to it like it went bad.  They still served it to us.  I refused to eat it.  I also noticed that the slices of cucumber sitting with the raw fish looked like it was several days old.  This place should not offer raw seafood.  From what I saw and smelled I'm not sure if they follow food safety protocols.
2	I was craving sushi while my hubby and I were staying at Mandalay Bay.  We tried to go on Sunday night, but the restaurant closed at 10pm (10 pm in Vegas?  Really?).  Anyway, I was still craving the next day so we went back for lunch, what can I say I really wanted some Miso.  The miso soup met my needs, so that was nice.  I loves me some Miso soup when I am not feeling 100% on the ups.  However, the rest of the meal really fell flat for me.  The poor waitress was super overwhelmed and was the only person serving in the restaurant.  So the service was not great.  The sushi was badly rolled and fell apart, was SUPER expensive, the quality of the crab was sub-par, and the octopus was cut really thickly.  Having lived in Japan and having been to more sushi restaurants than I can count, I was very unimpressed.  Probably wouldn't have seemed as bad if it hadn't cost $80 without alcohol.   Overall, my opinion is to skip it!
3	The sushi wasnt bad actually it was gr8 I just want more or different rolls.
3	Not the best but definitely convenient if you're rushing or want a quick bite.  It's a also a little more pricey than it should be, but then again it is a restaurant in a Casino.  I'm a fan of the Red Dragon Roll, Cajun Albacore and the Mackerel Sashimi.  Go at the right time and grab a table overlooking the dance floor and stage, and you can get a kick outta people watching when the band starts playing.
2	The place has a cute setup but nothing else impressed me here. With all the sushi places that are in  Vegas I'm sure there are numerous better options.
1	This is a review for the Bar & Lounge area. I gave the server $20 for two drinks when I received my drinks and she didn't have change on the spot. She claimed that the bar tender was the one to ring everything up and give change. It took about 15 minutes to get my change, enough of an irritant to move on and never patronize this bar again.Seems to me that this lounge needs to make a major process change in the way it handles transactions. I'm sure there's an army of consultants that can help out in that regard. Sayonara forever Mizuya.
3	Waitress was a little slow. Manager was helpful.
2	Unimpressed all the way around.Got to MB little early for the MJ cirque so we figured we would stop in.  Place is small that there were not many others there.  They had a dinner special that we got to make things quick.  Service was extremely slow and unintentive to us.  The sushi looked and tasted like it had been assempled middle of the afternoon and stored in the walk in cooler.  And that's polite.  We can get that quality at the supermarket.  Won't make this mistake again.
2	FAIL.  Ahi poke was NOT Ahi poke..it was an Ahi seaweed salad for $15.  No Bueno. The sushi was okay, it wasn't all that great.  This is place is just convenient for hung over people craving sushi at the Mandalay. I do not recommend if you want REAL tasty sushi.  It's not too terrible, but this is not an ideal sushi place.
2	Bring your wallet. Two salads, two rolls, and 4 pieces of Sushi, two Ice teas was $85 bucks for lunch. Food was ok but the pricing drops this a star. Service was slow and there was only two other tables going at the time. Save your money and go ten minutes off the strip for much better options at better prices.
4	Had lunch here on our last day at Mandalay while the BF was at VIP services checking out.There were a few different lunch specials, I have a soft spot for ikura, so the ikura don it was.  Salmon sashimi + ikura over sushi rice.This was HEAVENLY.  There were five LARGE pieces of salmon sashimi, and much more ikura than I expected.  It definitely filled my sushi craving.  The price was reasonable for a sushi lunch for one.I looked over the regular sushi menu and wasn't terribly impressed, but the next time we are at Mandalay and I'm hungry and the BF wants to sit at a roulette table, I'll be back for another ikura don!
1	I've eaten at too many Japanese/sushi restaurants guess I'm spoiled.  This place wasn't anywhere near the minimum I expect. There were very limited choices (no escolar, super white tuna, no softshell crab) The rolls were also very limited and menu was just overall not exciting.  We were about to just leave and try somewhere else but I was craving sushi too much and settled with a roll and bowl of rice.  (not even sushi rice also disappointing.) My husband said his miso soup only had one tofu in it.. kinda sad :(
3	I eat here a few times when I am at Mandalay.  It's just fine in a pinch.  Only standard fare on the fish selection.  The menu is not very creative, but they have the right ingredients (like shiso) to make something creative.  You have to guide them though.Fish is fresh.
2	Spicy Tuna......Tasted barely OK.   Something I'd expect at an All-You-Can-Eat in Omaha.....Spicy Albacore..... See Spicy Tuna.Fresh Water Eel.... Good
3	Sushi was alright not the best i've tasted but good enough.
4	Sushi... Well done and served with class.Mizuya was the choice of our visiting friends. They liked to look of the restaurant and wanted to stay close to the hotel. We were seated immediately and the menu was explained, to avoid confusion in the ordering process. The server even offered to split checks, which made things very convenient . The portions were perfect, the chicken teriyaki bowl was very well prepared and the cocktail options were very interesting.The prices are about what you would expect at a resort and honestly a bit lower than we were planning for. The service was very good. There were a couple spills and some misunderstandings, but everything was handled professionally and we had a great time.
1	Terrible food quality, and worst customer service...Found BONE in Sashimi, complained to manager on duty last name "KIM" and first word she said was "It's fish, sir."  Kidding me...How about an apology first???
3	This place is a bit difficult to find because it doesn't really stand out. It's located sort of in the middle of the casino floor, next to the Jack Daniels bar (aka Cowboyville) which is unfortunate because the stage kind of kills the atmosphere when there's someone up there. The decorations are minimal to none (some fake bamboo polls in a pot sitting outside the entrance). My friend ordered the dinner special ($32) which came with miso soup, a mixed green salad with ginger dressing, a California roll, Nigiri (albacore, eel, shrimp and yellowtail), tuna sashimi and salmon sashimi. I ordered the vegetarian roll and miso soup. My friend said that the California roll was basic, nothing too surprising there. But the pieces of tuna and salmon sashimi were HUGE! Although he didn't really like the tuna, he said that it had a weird texture like maybe it wasn't fresh. The eel was his favorite out of the nigiri. The miso soup was very flavorful, I also really liked the ginger dressing on the salad. The vegetarian roll was a bit small, made up of carrot, avocado, cucumber and bean sprouts. Not the best vegetable roll I've ever had (especially for $7.50), although the avocado was very creamy. Overall, compared to other Japanese places/sushi bars in restaurants on the strip, Mizuya is definitely on the more affordable side (If you can call $50 for everything we got affordable). Their sushi is good, you can be lucky or unlucky with the sashimi and the soup is EXCELLENT. I definitely recommend this place if you're looking for some decent sushi at a decent price.
1	Sitting in Mizuya as i write this review. Been here about 45 minutes now. I can't tell you anything about the food, because we haven't received any yet. Hopefully they feed me before I finish this review...nope, they still haven't.Update: After an hour of waiting, a manager of another restaurant came over, apologized on Mizuya's behalf, and then moved us to his restaurant.
4	I sat at the sushi bar and had a lovely time watching the Superbowl on the tvs they have. Also you're right next to a stage area which had a big screen showing the game.  The staff was very attentive and friendly. The only thing is that the sushi menu is very simple. Nothing mind blowing. No fancy rolls or creative dishes. The sashimi comes in orders of five pieces and its pricey but huge pieces of fish. They also didn't have any fatty tuna or white tuna on the menu. But they do have a good happy hour everyday with some good sushi and drink specials. I would go back for that!
3	Run of the mill sushi. If you're staying at Manadalay Bay and want sushi but don't want to leave the hotel, then eat here. but don't expect it to be great. It's just ok.
2	It's just OK, we were staying in the hotel so we grabbed dinner. Service was.....how do I put this, I just felt like the waitress was going through the motions.  We started with a cucumber salad for my vegetarian husband and it came with fake crab on top - I don't know but I think a cucumber salad would be just that and they were going to put any kind of real or fake fish on it they would put that on the menu.  When I told her we didn't want the fish on it and sent it back she looked puzzled, I told her my husband was a vegetarian so to please make sure they didn't sprinkle fish flakes on his veggie rolls.  2 of us had the sushi special and it was OK, not great.  I had to fight her to take to salad off the bill.
4	Best sushi in all of Las Vegas. Fresh, large portions and reasonably priced! We make sure to eat here at least once every time we are in Las Vegas.
1	This was by far the worst sushi we've had in years.  The fish seemed fine but the rice was old and soggy. It had absolutely the most horrible consistency.  The prices were typical of Vegas so no surprises there.  But I would eat grocery store sushi before I'd go back to this place.
3	Good sushi?  Totally?  Overpriced?  You know it.  About $18-20 for their specialty rolls.  It is what it is.Live band started playing around 10:30 I think - good ambience and good eats before a night out.
3	I was disappointed with the food this time. The spicy yellowtail roll was too spicy. They over did it with the siracha sauce and spicy mayo. I didn't eat much of it and none of the servers or sushi chefs noticed. The rice on the nigiri tasted not so good. It was hard and maybe undercooked. I also had a tuna specialty roll and though the portion was large but the rice was ehhh. The service wasn't bad except for not asking if the yellowtail roll was okay. Don't think I will go back though.
3	7/4: A Las Vegas sushi tour starting at the south end of the Strip (with recent visits to Yellowtail and Nobu)...this one is located in Mandalay Bay. I would give this 3.5 stars; great food, though the front host wasn't present for a couple minutes to seat us.They had a live band nearby covering popular songs, which was pretty loud. It's pretty good free entertainment if you enjoy loud music, but not really my scene. Just an observation, affects the rating in no way. Our waitress was fairly nice, average. I wanted something light before my family dinner later that night. This meal was just right. -Japanese Snapper (sashimi)..$18.50  -Halibut (sashimi)..$16..both plates were fresh and awesome..5pc/ea..maybe add double the pieces to justify the price -Yellowtail sushi roll (8pc)..$9...pretty good quality, freshIt would be really nice if the poker room comps were usable here. I'd come back again if I was in the area.
3	Came here for lunch. The service was good, got my food really fast. The eel sauce was a little sweet for my taste though and there its some type of false heat in the rolls. The atmosphere was nice though, especially since it is in the middle of a casino.In Chicago the prices would be high, but in Vegas it is normal.
3	An average place for sushi, albet overpriced. I ordered a roll and salmon nigiri and it was quite pricey for what I was getting. My nigiri were small! And they tasted okay. I've definitely had better. The roll was alright. No real complaints but it wasn't amazing either. Convenient though, if you're staying at Mandalay.
4	Good live band, good food, overpriced. Everything to be expected at a casino in Las Vegas...
4	Had a late meal Fri night with the family. Best service I have ever had. Anywhere. Our server, John -originally from Hong Kong,  was amazing. Food was very good, not the best sushi you will ever have, but good. Band was loud, but we could talk to each other. Will definately go back, and will ask for him as the server.
1	We chose this spot for lunch because the other Sushi spot at Mandalay bay was closed. Regrettably. It was happy hour which was a plus so I ordered the eel roll and miso soup. The soup was good, however the eel roll was so fishy that I could not tolerate it. I sent it back and just ordered a California roll which was also very gamey tasting. My friends had the box special and both said the teriyaki chicken was dry and there was no dressing on the salad. overall a very poor experience.
4	Other place was closed. This is a very good sick. Had the spicy tuna, and another specialty role which was all good.
2	The sushi/sashimi combo was pretty good but nothing to rave about. But whatever you do, don't order a hot dish. We ordered the vegetable curry and I'm pretty sure it was squeezed from a bag. The 'vegetables' were small pieces of carrots, potatoes and onions. It was terrible. The service was also a little too quick. We were given our check before we swallowed the last bite. The restaurant wasn't that busy so no need to rush us. Anyway, I'd get sushi elsewhere next time.
3	Had the Bento Box lunch which consisted of a Chicken Teriyaki main accompanied by salad, Miso soup(excellent), Cali Rolls and rice. Everything was tasty; the Chicken Teriyaki was a tad salty.
1	Very unfriendly waiters, as soon as we sat down she said that restaurant is closing very very soon and kept rushing the entire time we were there. We spent about $200 on light dinner, which is fine if your service is great, but I got a better service at IHOP for $15 on the way to Vegas. We were there for 20 minutes, and the same waiter kept bringing more people to other tables. Not even a smile or a basic thank you!
4	Sweetheart Roll!!! I used to get the deluxe sashimi but over priced. I like the edamame and miso soup and everything! C: Mandalay Bay has gone down since 2008 and so many food places has changed or closed but mizuya's food is 10/10.  I took a star off because during dinner they have a loud band playing and it's not really music everyone would like and customers have to yell over the music to have a conversation. I still come because the sushi is just that great.
4	Happy hour what what!  We came in for an early dinner.... or was it late lunch....  Either way, the sushi was fresh and delicious.  The atmosphere, in the middle of the casino floor, managed to feel intimate.  I guess you expect crazy amounts of people everywhere in Vegas, but this was a much nicer experience at happy hour.
3	Mizuya is a decent place to have sushi. The food is good but it is a bit on the expensive side for what you get.  Nothing stood out about the place. It just kind of lacked that special something to make it stand out.  I didn't love it and I didn't hate it.  I would probably go again if I was at Mandalay Bay and really needed to find something to eat as sushi is my favorite food. All in all there are much better and much cheaper sushi joints in Las Vegas.  We spent $90 for 2 people and left still somewhat hungry.
2	This was fine for meeting friends for happy hour, but it's not really a restaurant.  It's more of a station in the middle of the casino. There are no walls - just a raised area with partitions.  I'm not a fan. It felt too much a part of the casino, with the accompanying casino smoke.
4	Ate here for lunch/happy hour. Shared a lunch and roll with my husband. Located in the Middle of Mandalay Bay.. Pretty good deal for $20 Bento Box lunch deal.. $5 Asahi. Would eat here again.
4	The food was fresh and ginger sailad was awesome. It is proud from a pricing perspective but the bento box is somewhat reasonable.
3	Slim pickings at Mandalay Bay so this place is ok. I at least was able to enjoy tasty food - great seaweed salad and veggie rolls. Sake was decent. I am sure I will be back next year!
4	Had an enjoyable lunch here with friends and family. Although it may be in the middle of the casino (or so it seems) it just felt like we didn't miss a beat. We enjoyed socializing and drinking away. The sushi rolls are like any other place that I have been to, so it wasn't bad. don't forget to check out their specials.
5	Pen was our servers and she was phenomenal.   Party of five for lunch was a little over $400.  Food was outstanding.  Mai Tai's were great.  Setting was perfect in front of a tv playing USA dream team basketball from past years.  It is a no brainer.  Expensive?  Sort of...who cares when it is good-
1	This place is junk. I generally like Mandalay bay but a huge disappointment. I'm writing this hoping the management sees this. Here watching football on a Sunday. Sub par service. Have to chase waitress down. Moscow mule. Terrible!!! And the TV situation is WEAK!!!!  Really a multimillion dollar resort. Get your act together. Lots of places to spend my money besides this hotel.
3	I got the dinner special and it had the soup, delicious salad, a couple of rolls and a few sashimi's and niguri's.. It was good , pricey but Id go again!
3	Food was good, fish was super fresh, the only down side was that the hot food I ordered was cold, even the miso soup was cold, she even told me to be careful cause the soup was really hot, I took a sip it was ice cold lol, all in all it was good, a little pricy but it was good.
1	Horrible service and horrible food. Would not recommend anyone to go eat here. To top it all off our waitress couldn't speak any English, she constantly had to repeat herself so we could understand what she was saying. Save your money and go somewhere else in vegas to have sushi!!!
2	First impression very bad server.... Forgot the beer n the edamame....the sushi itself was delicious but very ordinary... Oh and the sweetheart roll was gross, the honey mustard mayo was miracle whip... Big disappointment.
