5	I used to live at this bar... they have something like 55 beers in cans... they have a ton of tall boys... including PBR... you can get old school favorites such as mac n cheese, PB & J's and even fried twinkies... the sceen is fun but watch out for some guys named gabe, tim or rob...
3	I've only been to Can's once, so I shouldn't judge - but the feeling I got was that Can's is just sort of like a high class Dixie's...and nothing can beat Dixie's :) The huge cans of PBR are pretty sweet though...
3	If you are an old head and daydream about  the days of high school or college frat parties drinking "natty light" or PBR out of a can, this is the place for you.  I want to stab myself in the eyes with all the loud annoying frat boys in this place. Its only outdone by Buckhead Saloon for their Frat boy ratio.  I will not complain that there are a lot of hot drunk women here.
2	Ugh.
1	Movies like Dawn of the Dead were written because of places like this.   Avoid it like the plague on Fridays & Saturdays.  The rest of the week it's tolerable as an average sports bar.  But on the weekends it's shocking what people who don't know any better think is cool.  There's one in Chicago and it sucks just as bad.  Is that a good thing?  I'm not sure.  Click on their website if you're desperate to find other incarnations of this hellhole.  I'd rather jump on a pile of railroad spikes.  Thank God I'm not 17, I mean 21, any more.
1	Aghh....PLEASE don't ever make me go to this place!  Through the week, it's a Happy Hour meat market.  On the weekends, it over-crowded and annoying.  The location sucks (not really within walking distance of the other bars in uptown Charlotte since it's near 5th and Graham).
1	I've only been to cans once and it was on a sunday afternoon, so I can't really comment on the crowd (the place was pretty empty). But I do know that I definitely wouldn't go back for the food.  I ate dinner at the bar and walked in starving, so everything on the menu sounded good. I asked the bartender for her advice and she told me that the hummus was amazing and that the mac n cheese was "sooooooooo goooooood!" So I ordered the hummus to start and the mac n cheese as a side for my burger. The hummus was.....not so good. It didn't have much flavor and tasted like a bad store bought spread. The burger was definitely nothing great, I actually didn't even finish it. I thought hey, the mac n cheese will be out of this world so I'll save room. Not so much. It looked like bad elbow macaroni with even worse cheddar cheese thrown on top of it, not even melted. And the inside was cold. I may go back to check out the rooftop and/or downstairs on a Thursday of Friday night, but other than that, I wasn't really feeling this place.
2	I never could understand why this place was so popular. It's in a horrible location, far away from the rest of the nightlife in Charlotte. The majority of the beer they serve is absolute garbage. It's WAY overcrowded (again, not sure why), and typically with completely annoying people.Also, the liquor drinks here are pretty much nothing but ice, with a tease of alcohol sprinkled over them. A friend of mine lived close to here, so I was convinced to come by a few times and I'm glad I never have to go through that again, as this place is a real pain in the ass.I suppose if you're really desperate to pick someone up this would be a suitable place to go, as the plethora of people coming in the door never seems to stop. The only reason I gave it a 2 is the nice patio they have on the roof, although the view isn't much to look at besides some apartments next door. Ladies, if you're tired of all the same guys at your local joint there are definitely plenty here, but make sure you bring a belt because they're all tools.
2	Loud, obnoxious, and the only place I have ever seen where the wait for the men's restroom is twice as long as the women's.Not ideally walkable from most other uptown hotspots.The only saving grace, for me, is the $1 can beers.At best, a place to end the evening if you're already drunk or incredibly bored and haven't yet had your fill of crowded, loud places with long waits for the bathroom.If the latter is the case, however, you could also drop by the bus station. You just might have more fun.
2	I have to agree with the consensus here; I'm not a Cans fan. It feels more like a meat-market than a night out...which can be a good thing if you're looking for meat, to be sure...it's just not my scene these days.I've been there a few times when the atmosphere felt like a Jr. High School dance...sexually charged and immature. The venue itself is attractive and interesting, and the services is good. The prices are right, especially for the canned beers...it's just really loud and crowded and tiresome.I agree with Francisco W. that the rooftop terrace is a nice diversion if you find yourself out with a group of people and they insist on going to Cans. It's been less crowded than the main floors when I've been there, so it's possible to breathe a bit and talk and get a different, more grown-and-sexy vibe.
3	With Epicentre opening up, Cans is a whole lot different than before. I hadn't been back here since all of the new Charlotte bars opened up, so I was really surprised at how much things had changed.I used to dread going to Cans, from the mass abundance of meat heads, to not being able to move around in the place. It seemed like they always let way too many people in to actually enjoy yourself once inside. Well that's not the case anymore, as Epicentre has basically cleared this place out. Last Saturday night, & apparently it's become the usual, there was no one there. It almost seemed dead, but maybe that's because I'm comparing it to old times. You could actually move around the place, not worrying about bumping into someone.Everything else seems to be the same, other than no line to get in & no cover. For some reason the patio up top was closed, so that was disappointing, but the downstairs was open. Not sure if they've always had beer pong & pool tables down there, but it seemed like a good time.As for the drinks, it's still the same with only tall boys in cans being served, so don't expect anything crazy in the beer department. I'm not sure about the specials, but the prices didn't seem too outrageous.So if you haven't checked out Cans lately since Epicentre opened, & hated it like me, then check it out now because it is totally different. The place seems very mellow now, bordering on a dead crowd. It never impressed me before, but at least now you actually have some space to move around.
1	Cans is not for me, but it might be for you if you like loud noises and shiny things. No, but seriously, this place is probably a lot of fun if you're 21. It's packed, always. It's huge. There are multiple bars. Loud music is blasting at all moments. There are high-def TVs everywhere. Co-eds everywhere. A bustling dance floor. Pool tables. Drink specials. A downstairs area that can be rented out for private parties. So on second thought, it's not all that bad. But it's always a scene. Lots of super drunk early twenties types--lots of sketchy looking people, too. Everyone's plastered. They're only playing 80's hits or today's popular music (most of which sucks, or at least is unrecognizable to me). Lots of meatheads can be found here, and lots of girls wearing wayyy too much make-up. So yeah, not for me, unless maybe I just got dumped or something. But maybe for you.
2	Ugh is right. If you're looking for a crowded frat party with jerky guys and obnoxious girls, head over to Cans. If that's not your style, stay far away. The cheap drinks definitely aren't enough to lure me to such a meat market. They've got 50 kinds of canned beer, so if you're um...really into beer in cans...check it out.
4	So evidently this is the same Cans that's in Wicker Park.  So we went to check it out on a Wednesday night.  They had half drafts and half apps.  I liked this version a bit better than the WP version.  Maybe cause it was less crowded?  Maybe there were more tv's and a better layout.  I dunno.  The staff is pretty friendly and do a good job as well.
5	Awesome. I lived next to Cans for a short while and I miss it so much. Huge bar, really well done. They have a full bar but they specialize in tall boy beers which is kind of random and fun. It's always loud, people are friendly, and the music is good. The basement is more of a hip hop feel, smaller dance area. The first floor is just normal hanging out and schmoozing. The upstairs is very dance-y. Happy to say all my nights here have ended in good times. And trust me: the food is good!! First time I came here was actually for lunch and I was really impressed at the freshness of the food and the good service. Definitely go if you haven't been yet-- this is the bar that everyone references when I tell them that I lived in Charlotte for a while!
