1	My husband, Jim W., teases me because I only have one and five star reviews.  I guess that's what it takes to motivate me.  Apparently, I was really motivated this morning at McDonald's.No one over the age of eight goes to McDonald's for the food.  We either go because it's quick (sometimes) or cheap (not anymore) or convenient or because we are craving that childhood food memory.  So Jim and I met there this morning  (score one for convenient) for a quick snack and chat about the week.While we're waiting for the food I notice a sign that says they have free samples on Monday morning.  I was fascinated by this.  Since when has McDonald's offered samples?  And who hasn't tried their potatoes and needs to know what they taste like?  Who doesn't know the taste of crunchy grease without a reminder?  So, curiosity getting the better of me, I asked for a sample.  I really wanted to see what it was.  That's when I was reminded where, exactly, I was.I was told that there was no way I could have a sample.  When I inquired why that was I was informed that the person accompanying me had ordered what they were sampling.Oh.Though most yelpers know my prolific yelper husband, this woman did not.  In fact, she had no idea who he was in relation to me.  He could have been my husband but he could just as easily been an anal colleague who would rather die than allow me to sample his food, which I assume was the implication in her refusal.Now, I acknowledge that this is a ridiculous nothing of an issue.  But these days I run into more and more silly little annoyances and I just couldn't let this one pass.  You see, the woman was very satisfied with herself, as if I was trying to "get over on the man" (i.e. McDonald's) and she thwarted me.  It's just so stupid.  So, I guess they saved themselves a quarter of a hash brown but they got this nifty review instead.As to the biscuit I did eat, well ... it was McDonald's.
1	I went through the drive through today at this location to get some Iced Mochas.  I really wanted Dunkin but with the construction on Alma School I didn't have time so I settled.  First of all, my two large Iced mochas cost me $8!  Starbucks prices, no where near Starbucks quality.  (Dunkin would have been about $3 cheaper--and way better) So I order the Mochas, one non-fat.  I get to the pick-up window, after waiting for the 2 cars in front of me to get their food, and they ask me to park,,,FOR COFFEE!!!!!! So I do.  I live in AZ, it is HOT here. I waited, and waited, and waited...3 cars get their food.  Im hot, so I go inside to grab them.  A nice boy brought me my coffee and appologized (he was sweet).  I look at my mochas and one has carame one chocolate...What the hell?!?..so I go in and say "uh...I ordered Mochas." The worker said "Those are Mochas" in a snotty tone.  So I ask why one has chocolate and one caramel.  She told me the order taker put that in the system.  I told her I said one non-fat.  But I had to go the hubster had to go to work. She says "oh, sorry"  First of all...Why did two coffees take over 5 minutes to make?...Second...how does one get Caramel out of Non-Fat?  I can see getting chocolate and non fat mixxed up (maaaayyyybe)...This McDonalds is super rude..and always messes up orders..if you are going to be rude can you pallleeeaaase get my order right?
1	THEY STILL CANNOT GET MY ORDER RIGHT!!! Why is mcdonalds food like crack?  Hate the service  but cannot stay away!!!
1	This is THE WORST Mcdonalds in the history of Mcdonalds. The fries are ALWAYS cold and old and same goes with chicken nuggets. None of the crew members speak English and if they do they are all very rude and don't know how to say hi or thank you or even have a great day. I actually drive 5 minutes to another Mcdonalds just because this one sucks so bad ( btw- I live next door to this one ). Please, do not come to this Mcdonalds.
3	I havent had a bad experience yet.... takes a long time to get food out tho.. thats the only bad..
1	Slow as molasses and got my order wrong. I ordered one iced coffee with sugar-free vanilla. How do you mess that up? I was the only customer in the drive through and it wasn't busy inside. No excuse for the incompetence. After reading the other reviews, they just don't care here apparently.
1	The kids play area is NASTY! I like to come in to let my kids play so I can do my homework, but today the play area is terribly dirty. There is only 1 table that doesn't have garbage on it. I came in at 4 in the afternoon, and no one else was here. I don't understand why the play area is this dirty.  I will not be coming back to this play area, even though it is right next to my house. I will drive to another McDonalds.  Also, I ordered 2 waters and 3 yogurt parfaits, and it took forever. They didn't even have to make anything for me. They were all standing around talking to each other. I do not recommend this place for your kids to enjoy.
3	Fortunately, I didn't have the pleasure of experiencing the inside but I did however get to hang out with the drive thru crew at McD Union 3185. Not so customer friendly voice promoted me to make a selection and I quickly warmed her heart with my awesomeness and she changed her tune to a more friendlier approach. Strolled around the the corner to the 1st window to pay the "man". 2 gift cards (Only reason I was even here) & a couple bucks later I was prepping my next 10' journey to the 2nd window for this ever so delectable healthy American delicacy. Funny story, guy hands me back the empty gift cards & my debit card. I'm in the process of putting them away and he informs me in a very magoo manner that I'll have to go to the next window for my food. So I kindly asked him about napkins & straws. "Next window" So just 1 more for all times sake-ketchup?.... (which I hate and asked at the ordering screen for no ketchup and he says "that's at the next window too". Not really sure if he was catching on with my subtleness but hey, he opened that can of worms.... Got that piping hot back of cholesterol and carbonation and I quickly pulled into the parking lot to find out if I won TASTE BUD RUSSIAN ROULETTE & I did!!!! Both me & my little helper got exactly what I ordered. Don't know if its excellent bagger paying attention skills or just dumb luck. Either way I'll take that anyway when you roll the dice at a Mickey D's
4	I like mcdonalds. My favorites are the cheeseburger or quarter pounder.   I usually feel guilty whenever I eat fast food but the one thing I don't feel guilty about is their sundaes.  My favorite is the caramel.  It takes me back to my childhood when my dad would take us for a treat.  I don't know if it's the memories that make it better but it doesn't matter.  I savor the treat and the memories.
3	Love the unsweetened tea here...can't beat large for $1...kids love the sweet tea. Slow service here tho.
1	When our son plays Chess at Jacobson in his tournaments, we usually come to this McDonald's for lunch.  It's not the greatest, but today was the worst.  When the lady handed me the food on the tray inside, when I grabbed it, my hand got all dirty because of the ketchup stuck to it on the outside.When I grabbed the tray and found my hand stuck with gross ketchup and I cried out, GROSS, the person that pushed the tray to me with food, just looked at me, like, what's your problem?  I didn't appreciate that.  I then asked for a new tray and she seemed a bit perturbed that I would actually want a clean try to take my food on.  The nerve of me, right?  She grabbed like a half dozen trays that were all dirty.  These were trays they were going to put food people were going to eat on.  Like that's awful!!!I hate that they put the outside trash can like right next to the door.  When you do this and people put trash in there, it causes flies to be attracted to it.  When you open the door to the outside with the trash right by there, then the flies can come into the restaurant.  All the while we were eating inside the restaurant, we were plagued by flies .  That really stunk.And, this McDonald's, which I've totally hated them doing this, but they don't leave the fountain drink machine for people to get their drinks themselves.  Instead, whomever the owner of this franchise makes the McDonald's employees fill and refill the drinks, which you have to ask for refills.  That stinks and I hate that.  Why?This McDonald's is busy and if the McDonald's employees has to attend to the drinks, this is really detracting from good service.  Maybe if they didn't have to this, they could wash the dirty trays that they put people's food on instead.So, the fact that this McDonald's every time has flies in it, and the dirty trays, makes me feel gross.Also, the lady dumped the food from the dirty tray onto a supposedly cleaner tray.  it probably wasn't clean, but at least it didn't have ketchup all along the bottom side.  One of the burger's wrappers came off and she didn't bother to replace it with a burger that was in tact.Thus, we had to go back to get this replaced.  And then a different burger had sauce all on the outside of the wrapper, which made it a real mess to even unwrap that burger.I think we will never come back to this McDonald's again because of it's lack of cleanliness and care for it's customers.  We put up with some things all the other times, but just not worth it.  Carl's Jr is nearby, so we'll go there instead, where it's cleaner and not have to be bothered with flies while we eat.
1	It is really hard to understand how people can ask for a higher wage with a straight face when they are as clearly unskilled as the employees at this McDonald's.  I worked for McDonald's from 1986 to 1992, and that company I worked for doesn't exist any more. QSCV? Never heard of that. The biggest problem I have with this store is they are clearly training people to put condiments and cheese slices only half way on the burger, and the other half hanging off the side into the box. Maybe it's some kind of gourmet asymmetrical food or something? I just don't get it.No seriously. Note to owner... from a former manager, Arizona is a right to work state, meaning you can fire people for any reason without even telling them why. So, you can solve this problem in probably a week. Just fire people on the spot of they can't line up a cheese slice in the middle of a round object. It's silly for such people to have jobs. You do that three or four times, problem solved. Nobody will ever do it again. Serious. We only had to do it once.
2	I've been coming here and even worked here as my first job 15 years ago. It's going downhill. I order a coffee it's cold I send it back and they say they'll brew another pot so I go park and wait on nuggets and coffee. They bring food to car the new coffee same cold temperature missing fries in bag and never gave me the bottle of water I ordered! I understand hiring kids cause I was one that worked here but this place is terrible now. The manager needs to manage and monitor things better!
