5	Easy as buying flowers!Great place for a guy to find a gift for anyone.
4	This place has an amazing collection of things to buy the person that has absolutely everything. It is one of the nicest gift shops in the entire phoenix area (including Scottsdale) without the snobbery that I have come to expect from many boutique shops.The staff is extremely friendly and their selection of wrapping materials is seriously out of this world. And on the odd chance that you can't find the perfict gift here, you can bring in your purchase from elsewhere and they will doll it up in the most amazing manner imaginable... the last time I gave someone a gift from here, it took the recipient three days to work up the courage to open it because the package itself looked like a peice of art!Parking and entrance are on the back side, so turn down 8th and make an immediate left in to the lot. The store is at the end, next to Baker Bros. flooring.Do yourself a favor the next time you need to find just that perfect gift and head on down to Do Me a Favor!  : )
5	Looking for a great shop to find a special gift? You must go to Do Me A Favor!  Every nook and cranny of this beautiful boutique is full of interesting charming gift and delights. There are walls of extremely beautiful sheet gift wrap papers, home, bath, body and baby small gifts. There's a gift for every price point. Located next to Bakers on the South side of Camelback Rd in Phoenix, this 5 star service with many 1 star prices is a must go to for your next present to yourself or someone you love!I love this store!!!
4	Very helpful staff helped me find a good Easter gift.
5	What a beautiful store! The ladies here are super friendly and helpful. I came here to have a bracelet wrapped for my significant other. They have a beautiful selection of paper and I was so happy with how the gift turned out. I think this place is a great value. I know that I could have spent the same amount on wrapping paper and ribbon myself and it wouldn't look nearly as nice!
