4	This doesn't really fall into my 'eat it, drink it, sleep with it, or bet on it' criteria but I had to write a review for them. I first took my car to the dealership to get an alignment. They were going to charge me $69.99 and they told me it would take nearly 3 hours to complete. WTF?! I said. 3 Hours?! I told them to go screw themselfs and left. I was determined to find a place that could get me in and out ASAP. I jumped on good 'ol Yelp and searched car alignment. A few places popped up but Sears stood out, so I went. I walked in and Terrance greeted me with a nice "Hello". After getting the initial paperwork filled out he told me my car would be ready in about an hour. I thought I miss heard him and asked him to repeat. Again he stated my car would be ready in an hour. Holy Shit! I was expecting about 2 hours, but 1?! That got me kind of nervous. How good could a job be if everyplace is telling me 2+ hours and they can do it in 1? Well a GREAT place like Sears can. I had just enough time to walk over to Target and buy a few things before I got a call telling me my car was ready. All done in under an hour and for only $70. I will be coming back in the future
1	I have never been so disappointed in an oil change! First they took my car and told me they would contact me when it was ready so I was free to do some shopping in Costco next door.  They never called.  I walked back over to pick up my car to find they never touched it and refused to work on it.  They said they heard a noise in the engine and would not tell me what it was.  (I had it checked out at different place).  Sears told me my engine could blow up at any moment.  All that was wrong was the O2 sensor was broken (nothing to cause and engine to blow up).  These guys were just lazy and did not want to do any work.  They chose to scare me instead.  I will never go back to a Sears Auto Center for anything.
2	I took my car there when i had a flat tire. They found a nail in it and replaced it. Great prices on tires.  Another time i thought i had another flat and took it there to get checked. They checked and told me my tires were fine and they refilled my tires. But they had not! I went home and check the pressures and it was as low as 25 psi. Not sure i will trust them again!
3	Took my commuter in for an oil change and was very pleased with the cost and speed that it got done.  The location is perfect as well to just take a walk over to Costco to shop or snack while waiting.  FYI Check for coupons on their Yelp page before going it might save you some money like it did me :)
1	These guys are crooks. Shop manager there said I needed a new tire and that another guy was going to come in an tell me about options available. Guy B comes in and says oh you need 2 tires so let's get some prices. I said your shop manager just said I needed one. "Well I recommend 2." I'll do with 1 thank you. Guy B says oh you're just in luck I have XYZ Brand tire for $108 per tire... I drive a PT CRUISER! I could get all 4 tires BRAND NEW up the street at they're competitors shop without hassle for $75 more. Why the hell would i pay that for 1?! This place is a joke.
1	I would never recommend this place to anyone. I was flat out lied too. They do not respect their customers and will tell you anything to take your money. If you are going here, bring someone that knows what they're talking about. Never go here if you don't know know about cars because they'll replace things that don't need to be replaced and do a horrible job doing so. I wish I could give them 0 stars.
