5	I do not often review but Just Burgers and Beer compels an endorsement.  Do not allow yourself to be fooled by the plain almost stark street view offered by this establishment.  There may only be a couple of tables on the sidewalk and maybe four more in the front room but when you walk past the kitchen a large room of twenty or more tables presents.  Turns out to be a great place to have a lunch or dinner.  Bring the family.  Great burgers and fries!  A very imaginative menu-from quintessential American burgers to burgers for all tastes.  The burgers are a 10-the fries are a 10.  It is absolutely a fine place to eat-the music selection is even incredible.  Then there is the beer-a great selection of beers from around the world-mostly bottled but some are great craft beers.  They also have draft beer but nothing that did it for me.  They did not have Rouge!!! Other than the lack of Rouge 7 hop the place is excellent!!
3	Average would sum up my experience here. The burger was ok, but there was a certain lack of flavour about the meat and I'm not sure all of the components came together (I had the Dirty South) that well. The fries were just warm enough. The beer list was extensive, but damn expensive! Also a huge proportion were sold out. Service was friendly enough, but we had to ask for further drinks orders to be taken, and while it's never nice to be pestered, you do like to be asked periodically. Here's a caveat - this was a visit in August and there were 25 of us and while those two things combined may contribute to a reduced experience, it shouldn't really effect a place situated on the Royal Mile - it's not like they didn't know it would be busy. Edinburgh has some brilliant burger options (Burger, Red Squirrel to name two) and I'll not be rushing back here to give it another go. Sorry!
2	Good food the first night I got take away. I enjoyed the burger so I went in the next night. I have a guide dog and I was refused service by the manager after I had already been seated and served drinks. When I informed him my dog was a service animal/ guide dog he still said I had to leave. This is the only place I have been discriminated against in the UK.  Maybe he needs to read The Equality Act  2010.
5	I was looking for some decent priced lunch on the royal mile and this place didn't disappoint. It had a mouthwatering selection of burgers, sides and craft beers. They even had a suggested beer pairing on the menu which was great. Lovely staff and quick service. They even offer a free phone charging service while you eat. I thought that was a great idea.
1	The burger was tasteless, overcooked and made from bad meat. The chicken in the chicken burger was dry and tasteless. The beer was served in a can and we had to pay for the fries that were left on our table when we returned our food. Truly a bad experience.
