3	I have actually been here once, but I couldn't write a review because this place wasn't discovered yet! (but I created it and decided to write my review in the restaurant, hurrah!) But let me say, this place is awesome on Tuesdays because of their deal. It used to be $1.00 beer and slices...However it went up in price... 50 cents. So, $1.50 for each a huge slice of pizza (pepperoni or cheese only) and $1.50 domestics. That's still an awesome deal. Their pizza slices will definitely fill you up, 3 got me full and happy. On top of that, the pizza has flavor, as the owner is a New Yorker so he knows how to do it right.When you walk into this place it's a semi bar, so yes every drink you can think of can be made! This place is sort of a family/after workday hang out with the gang at work or watch a game. They have 6 tv's across the restaurant hanging parallel to each other, so choose where you want to turn your head. You'll see some locals here and some that are from across town (me). But overall, the service was simplistic and not bad.***But I do have to say that they keep this place cold, and they don't care if their customers are cold. When we said that it was cold and my mother was wearing her jacket, one of the managers said "well, put your hood up!" Well, that's something what I wouldn't say to a customer... She could have just turned off the air considering it was 40 degrees outside. Note, every customer had their jacket on!This place is okay, my rating was 4 stars but because of that person's comment towards my mom I have to dock it. But, I will come back if I'm in the area and I'm craving for a pizza.
5	I'm a tough sell when it comes to pizza, but this place fit the bill. The pizza was delicious and the wings were good too. They have a unique honey hot sauce that is one of the best I've had. It's a place you can be yourself and enjoy some great pizza. I'll definitely be back.
2	I have visited Carbones twice. The first time was within the first month it opened, My husband and I along with our kids decided to try it out and ate in the restaurant. Our food took forever and our waitress hardly came over to check on us but the food was good. I just tried Carbones again because I wanted Gyros and they were good there the first time I tried it. Unfortunately they stopped selling the good stuff and have switched to the fake Gyro you can buy at the grocery store. It was disgusting to say the least and I still paid the full price from when they carried the good stuff. Wont be going back.
4	Pizza is really good. Service is really bad. The older female blonde bartender is sweet and works her tail off... as far as the other bartenders... Horrible. No business being behind a bar. The young redhead looks like a deer in headlights. The minimum wait at the bar was at least 8-10 mins. Maybe because she was too busy chatting it up with a friend. Oh and when you give the underage kid sitting next to me his drink in a soda cup you didn't fool me.. I saw the Bacardi pour. Why would it be placed in a to go cup if he was of age? This could be a cool place if the right staff was behind the bar. (Keep Crystal though).
3	My fiance and I were first introduced to Carbone's when he brought home pizza from work one night. Now that I think about it, we haven't ordered delivery from them in a long time. Their food is pretty good, I absolutely love their fries. But keep in mind, if you get delivery, it is always cold. (For us, anyway). And it does take a good 45 minutes waiting for it. We actually went in to dine here this past March. The place is up on a hill, and is advertised from their signs. When you go inside, it's kind of dark and at first we felt really uneasy. You are also able to see what the kitchen staff are doing, there's no door or curtains to close that off. The lady that helped us that one time was just ok. It was nothing too special.
3	Since pizza has been discussed recently, I figured I would bring Carbone's to the table, since I haven't reviewed them yet. Unfortunately, I didn't think that through, because I haven't had their pizza. Ah well, best laid plans and all that.At any rate, you'll need to look around a bit to find your way to Carbone's, because they are tucked back in a little center on Monroe, not far from the sprawling Family Dollar HQ and there is next to no signage. If you have a GPS/map, it could prove helpful - but since that area can get busy, don't pay too much attention or you'll get squashed in the process.Once you find your way there, the service is very friendly, and it's not unlike a small neighborhood hangout, except there aren't a bunch of people there, or haven't been whenever I've stopped in. Food is your standard bar fare, and it's not bad for what you get - however, once you get it, the friendly service does seem to disappear. It's not that they are no longer friendly, it's just that they go away. If you were sitting at the smallish bar, then it might be better, but at one of the two or three tables, it's a bit more hit-and-miss.End result: Rolling Norm Peterson-style, you're probably better off than going for the food.
