5	For a pilates studio, I think that the prices are really reasonable. The best part about it is if you buy a membership for 12 classes, they don't ever expire. Most pilates studios have an expiration date on their packages. I've tried the Power Vinyasa and the Pilates Mat and Arc. I love both classes and I am definitely feeling the soreness afterwards. One time I went to a Pilates Mat and Arc and there was no one else that came, so Andrea (the Owner) gave me a good workout on the apparatus machine. I was sore for a week! I definitely give this studio 5 stars!
5	This is a great studio.  The instructors will make you laugh, listen to your concerns, and kick your butt.  But don't be scared if you're a beginner, because they are always available to help, and the other students are very friendly and welcoming as well. I love that new classes are always being added, and the unlimited package gives you a great deal for the price.  Yes, it costs more than your LVAC membership.  There's a reason - it's a better workout, nice equipment, knowledgeable instructors, and small classes.  Highly recommended.
2	It was my first time at this studio and my first time taking floor pilates! I was the second person to arrive to class... the instructor was already chatting with another women, so I signed in after the 1st women, then sat on the bench... the instructor then asked me if I have been to the studio before, since I have not, she had me fill out a form (still chatting). A couple other women arrived for the class as we made our way to the floor area and by now a 3rd women has joined in the conversation!! These women talked during the ENTIRE class!!! I love babies and I have all the respect in the world for all mothers, but I DO NOT need to hear about baby hernias and baby's ballsacks!!!  This class was suppose to be focusing on our bodies & minds!!!  Keep the baby convo for lunch dates with the girl-friends! Instructor was nice and pretty good, but when the class was over, she lacked to ask me what I thought of the class or give me feedback on how I did my first time! I thought about taking the reformer class....NOT!!!  I gave 2 stars because I actually had a good workout!
5	I have been taking Andrea's mat and arc class for the past month it is an excellent work out and she focuses on your entire body.  I tried a group reformer class today and it was an awesome workout as well.  For the most part, the classes have been relatively small and very focused.  Thanks Andrea!
5	i love this place!!!  i cannot say enough great things about it!  you gotta check it out!  the staff is wonderul and they love their students!!
5	This studio is great!  I came here as a complete novice, never having done pilates apparatus before.  The instructors were extremely patient and really good about teaching me form.  Eight months later, I'm still going three times a week and loving every minute of it!Jodi and Mary Jane always kick your butt and give you a great workout, and they know how far to push you and how to make you better.  The time always flies by because everyone is so nice, funny, and welcoming. I couldn't see taking pilates anywhere else!  Absolutely love this place and the people!
5	Thought it would be hard to work up a sweat without huffing myself full speed down a straightaway, but this was the best workout of my life. As gluteal tendinitis--yes, a pain the butt--worsens over the years, it's become more important to work out strategically. Reformer Pilates is the way to go and this studio is the place to do it. This is a small studio on the south side of town with many great instructors with fun personalities and interesting stories. During group sessions you work in a circuit--30 seconds to a minute on each exercise or device. It feels smart.My clothes were wet and my muscles were tired, but my butt didn't ache. Win, win and win.
5	Jodi and Marni are both exceptional instructors.  I've only taken ten classes at this studio including pilates, barre and one apparatus class.  I love the variety they offer here!  Instructors really push you giving you a really great and thorough workout.   Classes are also really small averaging around four students every time I go.  They are a little bit pricey but totally worth it.   I definitely recommend this studio for those who are looking for a little more variety in their exercise regime.
5	Mary Jane is a fabulous instructor! I loved the challenge and the pain! It was a good pain!!!! I would recommend her to all my friends. Classes are a little intimate but nice because she can focus on all your moves, she's very informative and very easy to follow. I'm definitley coming back for more!!!
5	Excellent studio! Jodi is an amazing instructor! Great location too!
5	I bought a Groupon for a 10 pack of classes (which is a great deal) and had my first class on Saturday.   What a lovely studio and the instructor, Michael, was excellent.   Can't wait to try the other classes.
5	Really awesome studio.  I have been going here for about a year now and I still love it as much as the first day.  The workouts are amazing and help build my strength and stamina for my other outdoor hobbies.  Prior to coming to Pilates + Yoga I had never done any Pilates.  I was pleasantly surprised!  I have also have the pleasure of doing a few private lessons with Jodi and she is just amazing.  She works with me to meet my specific needs and goals to make a difference for what works best for me!  If you have not tried this studio, you really should!
