5	It can be lonely being a cafe enthusiast in Waterloo. For six years I've had to endure a city with a makeshift coffee culture. To make matters worse, my Coop terms take me to Seattle and New York to enjoy the best cafe culture around only to yank me back to KW every 4 months.Today I'm enjoying an Americano on King Street in Uptown Waterloo. Any other day I would be at Heuther's or my oh-so-favorite Second Cup. Not today. On the corner of Dupont & King there is a fresh infusion of coffee culture into mundane Uptown life.This new cafe is appropriately called Coffee Culture and I have the best seat in the house! It's the red leather couch in the corner by the window. I can see the little old ladies in the street plastering their faces into the window wondering what this new place is. After walking away they are back literally 10 minutes later with their husbands to try it out.  The lineup was short but the wait time was long. The cashier was new so I forgive him. I took in the menu instead. Oddly it's spread out the whole length of the bar making it hard to read everything while standing in line. After ordering and taking my super awesome seat the barista came by. She asked me exactly how much water I'd like in my Americano. It might not seem like special treatment but it is. The last time I had this custom a coffee made for me it was at bauhaus in trendy hipster Seattle.The prices are low priced to fair here. I have a feeling they will rise to match everyone. Coffee shops are always more expensive to run than initially thought as well. Still, they are definitely competitive with Starbucks, Second Cup, Heuther Hotel and even Timmies. They have plenty of food. If I had money to spare I'd try it out. Though, the smell of it is enough to convince me to come back!The place is sparkling clean. Sure to please my parents when they come for a visit. They never did like the grungy hipster makeshift house cafe's I generally drag them to. The couches are leather and the chairs and tables real wood - not plasticy Timmies style - though you knew that by now. They even have a nice big screen television so I can enjoy a game while getting some work done - free wifi hurrah!Oh look, even a cop walked in to try it out. This place is destined for greatness :p So long Timmies and good riddance.One new cafe may not be enough to turn KW into a thriving cosmopolitan city overnight. But with a new cafe, I feel better that coffee enthusiasts in KW aren't a dying species like first thought.
2	I'm not too sure what Ennis A. is talking about. I've also been on co-op in New York and Seattle and this place is pretty laughable compared to say, Espresso Vivace (or take your pick from dozens of others). As far as I can tell this place even uses one of those completely automatic machines for their espresso drinks. The popularity of this place is a bit of a mystery to me considering Matter of Taste is down the street.Highly recommended if you prefer sitting down to having a decent cup.
2	Ho-hum... This place may be clean, it was certainly very quiet. The menu is wide (literally) and they do have a long espresso which was a fair start. But it came out of one of those one-touch fully auto espresso machines and tasted like it; Watery, no body, no flavour, and of course not , when you use a starter machine. Not too far above Tim Horton's I'd say. And it was $2.50 for a single shot of this stuff! Argh.They may make great sandwiches or something but for my long espresso litmus test, it was a sad cup. Should have stuck to a decaf in my hotel room and saved some coffee cash for Axis Cafe, in Edmonton tomorrow...
3	The staff  have thus far been incredibly nice every time I've gone in. It's also nice to have a place on uptown King Street with a wide selection of food and drink as well as a street-facing facade.Unfortunately, everything you could find here, while satisfactory or quite good, is eclipsed by some other establishment anywhere else. Also, the feel is not as personalized or intimate as the independent shops here or even the Starbucks down the block (with its inferior selections.)
5	I was surprised this is a great place to relax and have a robust coffee yes a coffee with flavor !!! I know in a rush rush world its not easy to slow down .We tend to get our coffee on the run  and thats ok .I think some things are worth savoring, and this place is one of those things.The atmosphere and surroundings are sweet as well as the views.I love the coach and the fire place.  I think on a cold day you might just see me here.
5	I had their carrot cheesecake + mocha. Great coffee, full of flavor, but not overloaded with syrup. Cake was very tasty (tried my friend's NY cheesecake...the carrot one is much better)The barista was very friendly. He took the time to make my coffee, and remembered to give some napkins with my cake, which was very impressive (for me), since at all the other chain cafes they're always in such a rush to get through your order.The cafe was full of people. It had a relaxing atmosphere, and I love the decor.
3	A few friends were taking in a show at the theater, and I stumbled upon this place looking for a different coffee place. They had a big sign saying "free wi-fi" so I was sold. I ordered a cinnamon soy latte, and took a seat in the right front window space (by the way.... they have power outlets!) The wifi wasn't working the day, so I ended up relying on 3g, but otherwise it was good. A quiet, clean, and air conditioned place right on King. Staff was friendly, my cinnamon soy latte was yummy, and they had power outlets for my laptop, so I was reasonably happy with being stuck there for three hours. (another plus, they didn't care that I sat there for three hours).
3	This is a decent place for a mid-range lunch.  I had the chicken Caesar wrap and a bottle of Arizona tea.  It's quiet, nice furniture.  I thought it was a chain, but apparently not.  Just outside the place is a bus stop where a lot of the Kitchener derelicts seem to congregate.  Not that this is a bad thing.  Sometimes it's nice to be able to have a meal and watch the Freaks on the Street.  The folks at the counter were nice.  Overall, an average place to have a meal and coffee, close to the Children's Museum.
1	Surely one of the last places where the deadening strains of 'muzak' can be heard, piped in fresh from the 7th circle of hell. Really? Do we need 'Autumn Leaves' on an accordion, replete with swelling 60s strings? A folk-rock orchestral version of 'All the Man that I Need?" Totally unnecessary, given the vast variety of satellite stations out there.Didn't try the coffee. Internet didn't work. Why am I here again?
3	FYI If you plan to study here, you should know there's only one working outlet.
4	Good ambiance, good coffers, free wifi
3	Nice for a corporate chain. Nothing too exciting on the menu and the hot chocolate is made by machine. Unless it's really late, you have better choices in downtown Kitchener, including Matter of Taste and Pyrus.
4	Free Wifi! This place is right across the street from the Waterloo Hotel and it's one of the 2 places that accepts breakfast voucher from the hotel. The distance and the free wifi made it perfect for travelers who wants breakfast but doesn't want to venture out (especially in the winter).The coffee is very average, and food is what you'd expect from a coffee bar (nothing too impressive). For locals, it's a good place to do some work. Not super crowded or loud. If you come here for the coffee though, you might be disappointed.
3	Stumbled into this place because our hotel gave us vouchers and this place was on the list! It's across the street from the Waterloo Hotel, bonus.They have a variety of breakfast-y things, mostly in the bagel sandwich vein. They have a lot of lunch/later afternoon items, too, but we only ever stopped in for breakfast.The drip coffee is fine, but the specialty coffees looked...pretty bad. We're picky San Franciscans, so take that with a grain of salt.The baristas were really lovely, and the food always came out fast. The food was just ok, though. I don't know if I've ever had a bagel sandwich, though, and thought, THIS is what I've been missing. The good: quick food for sleepy mornings.The bad: kind of meh food.
