2	According to the card in my wallet, I've been a member of AAA for 27 years.  Interesting, as you would think it would give you a bit of respect when you go into a place.  Not so much the case here.  Of note: I think it was my parents who actually began that streak, but it's not really that important, since the card says it, right?Nonetheless, the signs advertise that you'll get a quote for service and be taken care of quickly and all the usual fluff.  Instead, it seems like they focus on driving you (figuratively, since it's in the same building) to their tour department to upsell you on something.  Anything, really.You also have the choice of hanging out in a - relatively nice - waiting room as you wait.  And wait.  And wait some more.  You see, I took a tire to get repaired where it was punctured by a screw - a fairly quick process if you have the right equipment.Go somewhere like Geralds (in Charleston) and it will be done in about ten minutes for a few bucks, and everything (meaning the spare) is put back where it's supposed to go.Here it will cost you $25, take close to an hour and you then have to ask them to put everything back and also instruct them on how to do so.  Lame.
1	This place has got to be one of the worst places to take your car.  I only needed brake service done on the front brakes.  I told them that I do not need rotors and that the front brakes were squeaking.  They pulled the car into the bay then LOOKED at the car for about 10 minutes and came to the conclusion( without touching it at all) that I needed rotors on the back and new brakes.  They gave me a quote on the job and began work.  I also asked for a balance and rotation.  After they received the new rotors from across the street they promptly put them on and put the tires back on without doing the balance/rotation.  I brought it to their attention that the front brakes are what I wanted done and they restated that the front was fine since they checked it (LIE) but they still had not looked at the front brakes.  I tell them that this is not true and also that the tires have been put back on the car but the balance/rotation has not been done.  They were going to have me pay for a 40 service that I never received (potential costly LIE of OMISSION).She then tells me if I want them to check to see if there is something wrong with the front brakes it will cost an additional 50.00.  I am too livid to think straight at this point and tell her to forget it since I will be charged an extra 50 in order to have them do what I brought the car there for in the first place.  When they finally finish after about two hours the price ended up being well over 330 (another LIE) since I was not quoted anything like that.  Lastly, when I get ready to leave they hand me a broken emblem from the center of my wheel and told me that it was broke when I got there.  I had driven over 60 miles before I pulled into their parking lot and I am sure that if it was broken it would have fallen off before now.   The reason it broke is because of one of the techs was handling my car tire like it was a basket ball.  That is what broke it.  I will not use any AAA Car Care Center ever again.  I will use ANYBODY BUT AAA Car Care.  They have all but ruined the name of a very respected company.
4	Went in to have a state inspection and tire rotation.  They were courtious, efficient and only did what was necessary to pass.  The shop seemed clean and the mechanics all seemed to keep busy with their work.  The customer lounge was comfortable and clean.   I am definitely going to use them again.
1	Do not, I repeat, do not go and have your car serviced at this bait and switch place!!My husband wanted an oil change and we called before coming to check on the price ---let me state we are AAA members . My husband got a quote and made appointment for afternoon. When he arrived, he told the man at the counter that he did not want the high performance oil (they try to sell you this) and that the regular oil for his truck was what he wanted. Well, when the work was done , my husband was presented with a bill for $59.00 and on the bill it stated he was given the high performance oil---needless to say, he was furious when he saw this !  Also, the quote we were given was $24.95 on the phone---they do not inform you, the customer, that they charge a $5.00 fee , a installation charge for the oil---and an extra fee to dispose of the oil. I was not present at the time of this transaction so when I was told by my husband what had happened , I called the place and Tom Bates answered the phone. I asked what they had charged for the service and told him you charged us for something we did not ask for. He was lying through his teeth when he said my husband wanted the high performance oil change--NOT!!   What really is funny is that on the bill there is a paragraph that states "if you are not satisfied for any reason contact Tommy Bates to give you the opportunity to achieve our goal". Well, I received no satisfaction when I called to complain so I called the customer service number at the AAA office and registered a formal complaint with them regarding the service.  If the matter is not resolved to our satisfaction I will be contacting the Attorney General's office for the state of NC as well as the BBB in Charlotte. We will never use their services again and I am thinking of cancelling my membership altogether. If any of you folks out there plan to use this place for your car care, please make sure you write out your own instructions as to what you want done so that you have proof as to what you told them---they bait and switch and change your order without your permission. This AAA car care center is located in Matthews on Independence Blvd.
1	NEVER AGAIN!Took 1 of my cars here to get the annual state inspection.  Told the guy behind the counter that I know it is a very old car, probably a lot could be done on it, but the KBB is just over a $1,000, and that I did not use it very much at all.  Just wanted it to pass inspection so I could keep it and use it to haul stuff.  After about an hour wait, he came back and said if failed inspection and he had 3 sheets of print outs of what needed to be done.  I confirmed with him that everything on the print out needed to be done in order to pass inspection.  He confirmed and I told him I was going to decline as I knew it wouldn't be cheap.  A neighbor recommended I try his place, so I went there, told them my situation and left him my car.  He called the next day and told me it needed $16 worth of parts in order to pass.  All told, it cost me $60 to pass inspection.I then went back to AAA on Independence and asked them for an estimate on my work order.  Total estimate was right around $1,100.  I, once again confirmed with him that it was all necessary in order to pass inspection.In the politest way I could, I told him my situation and that I was showed him the Passed certificate for the inspection and that it only cost $60.  He gave me some typical responses as I knew he / they would: -  "We at AAA really don't like to do State Inspections.  We know that other repair shops see the inspections as 'cash-cows'"-   "There is a lot of 'grey areas' when it comes to the inspections"I was ok with everything that he said until he looked at the date of my visit and said "I wasn't here that day, otherwise I could have worked with the inspector to see about 'just getting it passed'".  Problem:  he was there that day, b/c I asked him a question about the other car that my wife brought in to get inspected!
