4	My favourite cafe in the financial district.The coffee is great, the service is fast (well, by Montreal standards), and the pastries are tasty and fresh.The venue is modern, and it's good if you just want to grab your coffee to go or stay and read/catch up with someone briefly.
4	Great coffee. Fast service despite the long lines.
4	Alright, admittedly this lacks a dose of what I usually look for in a cafe, a sense of cozy warmth, some respite and love and welcome. But this is a well polished, fast moving, and very friendly member of that new breed. Carefully sourced and roasted beans, professional baristas, all that third wave precision in a pocket sized sliced of old mtl, plus big windows to boot. There's a line that flies quickly, even now when the block is bogged down by construction. Not relaxing, but good for a great brew on the go.
4	If not for the indie coffee passport I would have never made it down to Differance, but I'm glad I did! Friendly staff, nice atmosphere, and tasty coffee, what more to ask for? They're brewing 49th parallel and Phil & Sebastian, all good there.The only downsides - while the place was mostly quiet, rocking out to good music, huge crowds would just pop up from time to time. Also, not much seating, and you essentially sit in front of a big mirror. Best not have anything sensitive or incriminating on your laptop...
4	One of the best lattes in downtown Montreal!  For some reason as foodie as Montreal gets, we're just not as picky of our latte.  Can anyone explain why?  However they make it with the right ratio of expresso and milk, and obviously better beans and milk than most.
4	divine coffee in a boring neighborhood.depending on the time and what day you go, place can be buzzing or entirely dead. i got the dead time of day.. but the mirrored wall is quite welcomed when its dead. it gives you company! sure, it may be you looking back at yourself while some awesome music is playing in the background. its better than nothing!coffee is totally divine. loved their espresso even though it is more acidic than i'm used to but nonetheless, good stuff!i wouldn't go out of my way to hang but in the neighborhood? definitely the top coffee stop. who knew there would be awesome coffee in the old montreal area?
4	Pretty good soy steam, pretty good cow milk steam, pretty good espresso pull. Okay chocolate chip cookie.
4	Dropped in for a coffee to go...it's damn good coffee!  It tasted familiar and I asked if they roasted their beans or ordered it from somewhere in Canada and the barista let me know the beans I was having was from 49th Parallel in Vancouver!  So Vancourites, if you're missing your awesome coffee from home you should drop by here.I also ordered a scone which was also delicious and was on my way.  I'm not to sure about the amenities at the shop but it's a cool little space but I think the people watching might be at a minimum unless something is happening at the convention center since it's off a smaller street in Old MTL.Oh yeah - staff was really friendly
3	Not a bad coffee place, but I do find the service lacks a smile and a special "thank you for coming here, we appreciate your business". The nonchalant attitude kills it for me.In case your around this area (downtown Montreal - corner Viger &  Beaver Hall), I feel you can find better for cheaper...
