5	If you have never been on a Segway before, you need to make that a priority. This is actually not an opinion; it's a fact. I have been to Comtemporide several times now with family and friends.  Comtemporide's location in Old Town Scottsdale makes it a perfect place to travel around. There are so many great sites to see and the best part is, you can see so much of the city, because you can travel anywhere (sidewalks or streets) and can travel up to 13 mph!It was great for my family (who have done it the last two times they have been in town to visit me), because my dad does not do well walking long distances, but my mom likes to see all of the shops. This was a GREAT compromise.This last Saturday I went with my father and uncle. My father insisted that we ride them again and my uncle has never been on one before. My uncle was not excited about going, but after the first ten minutes, he enjoyed it so much, I spend the next two hours trying to catch up with him. Here are my observations:1. Everyone thinks they must be hard to ride. But the truth is, it only takes 2-3 minutes to get comfortable on them, and after your first 10 minutes, you want to be Evil Knievel.2. Everyone first thinks that they wouldn't like to ride them, but everyone walks away with a great appreciation of the exciting technology. Some people like the thrill of the ride, others might be the convenience of travel.3. People think the Segways look weird when you drive them, but after you drive one yourself, normal people walking around will look weird to you!Take a risk and try a Segway, you'll love it. It's a fact!
5	My family went on a Segway tour up at the JW Marriott Resort, off of Deer Valley out by the Desert Ridge Marketplace. The guys there were great  . . . our guide was Aaron, and he was terrific. Very good at teaching us how to ride these exciting "vehicles" as well as showing us around as our guide. You wouldn't believe how much fun these things are. It's a bit of an odd sensation to ride them -- but just a few minutes into it, and you are ready to go! Basically, you lean forward to go and lean back to stop. Simple. And if you stay on the trails or sidewalks, you'll be fine. We had a couple of spills in our group, but those were from people who were "hot dogging" around on the things.Every now and then, Groupon or Living Social offer a great price on a Segway tour. Make sure you use the company that starts out at the JW Marriott resort -- it's a beautiful location, safe sidewalks and you take a nice break at a great coffee shop halfway into your tour.
5	Just have to rave about Becca and Todd's Zoo tour on a Segway. It was the highlight of our trip to Scottsdale.  I had never been on a Segway before but it was so easy and Becca taught me all the tricks.  We never would have visited the Phoenix Zoo if it was not for the Segway tour.  It was fun, easy and worth every penny.
5	My parents took the old town tour and loved it.  They had good guides that were fun and able to teach my parents how to ride.  If my mom can learn how to ride, anyone can!
5	So much fun!  We had family in town and were looking for a few fun activities.  This was a great choice for everyone.  The Old Town tour was great at dusk.  The hosts Todd and Becca were really great.  They learned everyone by name and were so attentive and interesting the entire tour.  I will go back and will not hesitate to take other visitors in the future.  Great for all ages...our group ranged from 14 to 70 and everyone loved it.
5	This is the best Segway Tour!!  You wanna know how I know...because I did this tour on 4/14 and had such a great time that when a Groupon came out for another segway tour in Tempe another friend and I bought it (since I raved about the tour in April).  Never the less, thinking Segway tour same/same right?  NOT same/same.  That's why I'm here writing an awesome review for Scottsdale Segway Tours with Todd and Becca 2 months later!Wowzer!  Todd and Becca have it together- from the training, the positive friendly attitude, laughs and engagement, having earphones (AND replacements if needed) so you can hear them telling history and stories.  PLUS at the end (after- not during the tour) they give a great little discount card and with your Segway 'badge' you can get discounts at restaurants and retailers.  Go ahead, try a new place in Old Town!  (or maybe your favorite place with 10%off your bill:) ) So that's all I can say- Scottsdale Segway Tour is THE best.  And don't get tricked it's VERY similar to another Segway Tour, remember...NOT same/same- worth the $$ for these guys:)
5	this is simply the best activity ever...and something you absolutely must do. My wife and I visited Scottsdale in Late January and were looking for a fun activity. We contacted Scottsdale Segway Tours (SST) and from the first phone call with Becca and the final step off the Segway with Todd's assistance, everything was done beyond our expectations and with amazing customer service. I cannot express in words what a great time we had...simply that our afternoon with SST will be a lifetime memory! Thank you Todd and Becca for sharing your city with us and for an amazing afternoon on the Segways. Hope to see you again.
5	Really fun 2 hour tour - Todd and Becca were great guides and the Segways are fun to ride.  Easy to get the hang of too.  Its a fun way to see Old Scottsdale.  They took lots of pictures and we look forward to getting them.  Novel, fun activity for all.
5	Becca and Todd are fabulous tour guides. My husband and I have found Segway tours the best way to discover a new city. Todd uses a wireless headset with each rider so you have no trpuble hearing the tour. Rate this high on your must-do list!
5	If you only do one thing when in old town Scottsdale, take a tour with Todd and Becca and their Scottsdale Segway Tours. We have done this twice and had an amazing experience both times. It's very easy to see why these guys are the #1 tour company in Scottsdale! Thanks Todd and Becca, we will be back.
5	We had a blast today. Becca and Todd were awesome tour guides. We Highly recommend them. Can't wait to take family members when they visit. Thanks for a great time. WHITNEY & DWAYNE CHAPAGilbert,  Arizona
5	I took the Old Town Discovery tour with our group of executives. Living in Scottsdale we thought we knew the city but were blown away by the tour itself and the knowledge of the downtown area by Todd and Becca. If you are looking for something different to do with a group or family, this should be at the top of your list. These guys are the top rated activity company in Scottsdale, and for good reason. I highly recommend Scottsdale Segway Tours!
5	My wife and I took an Old Town tour with Todd and Becca and absolutely LOVED IT! If you want to take a break from the stress of life for a couple hours call these guys at Scottsdale Segway Tours. They are the best in the business!
5	We went on a tour with 5 friends last weekend and it was awesome! Scottsdale Segway Tours took care of all the details. Todd and Becca do an amazing job. I've personally done tours in other cities and this one was by far the best. Highly recommend these guys!!
5	Had such a great time with Todd and Becca on the Segway tour! They took us on a 2 hour ride around old town Scottsdale. They showed us the past and present of the town along with a bunch of sculptures and artwork throughout the city! Learned so much! What an experience!  I highly recommend going! Can't wait to go for the Christmas tour!
5	A fun activity for the family.  Easy to do and Todd and Becca make sure everyone is comfortable and able to ride.  Don't hesitate to take in this activity.
