4	I live right across the street from this Jiffy Lube, and have been there quite a few times with my car. As a girl, I usually am very hesitant to go anywhere near car dealerships or mechanics or anyone who has to deal with my car for fear that they will try to up sell me on stupid bullshit I don't need or scare me into buying some completely useless crap. Having said that, I was relieved to find out that that is not the case at this Jiffy Lube. The guys are all burly men, but they are decent and friendly and always do a good job. I would definitely reccommend going here for an oil change if you just want to get it done quickly and get on with your life.
3	I always avoid getting my cars lubed and oil changed, because (1) it is inconvenient, and (2) the high pressure sales efforts. After reading Krashawnda N's review of this Jiffy Lube, I thought I would give it a try.  It was kind of a last minute decision, as I wanted to get it done before I left on vacation, so I wouldn't have to do it when I got back.They immediately got me in, and checked the car.  Surprisingly, they had my van in the data base - apparently a previous owner had used Jiffy.  Once we got that straightened out, it was fairly quick and easy.  I knew what I wanted, and there were no high pressure tactics - they were happy to do just what I requested.They were very pleasant.  There was one glitch - apparently one of the fittings was difficult to get to - and it took a while longer than they expected.  But they explained it to me, apologized, and kept me informed of the progress.  All in all a very good experience.
5	As a single girl who knows nothing about cars and HATES going to the dealership (cuz they always rip me off), I take my car here ALL THE TIME.  I love that they don't ever try to screw me; they fix what needs to be fixed and leave the rest alone.  They are honest: they told me I don't need a new air filter...yet, and they are funny and nice.  They even humored me when I stopped in to have air put in my tires....I know, I know, I'm a grown woman, I should know how to do this.  Blah blah blah, the truth is, I know how....I just would rather have someone else do it for me;).I have been coming here since I got my driver's liscense and will continue to come back because I appreciate not being swindled and taken advantage of and they do a great job for a reasonable price.  Keep it up, guys!
5	I recently leased my first new car in 12 years. The dealership told me to have my first service performed at 5,000 miles, so I stopped in here to get it done. The mechanic took a look at it, came back 5 minutes later, and asked me if I was aware that my car didn't need its first service until 7,500 miles. I was not aware! He still checked my fluid levels for free, sent me on my way, and told me to come back after another 2500 miles. I definitely will.
1	I was very disappointed in the customer service that I received from Jiffy Lube.  I went in with a coupon for a 29.99 oil change and walked out pay $80 for services that were not discussed beforehand.  When dealing with mechanic's I've always been skeptical and this place did not change my mind.  I am in need of an honest mechanic that isn't required by their employeer to upcharge the customer.  I will never return to this place again.
5	Was very impressed with these guys. I had a plug pulled out of its socket in my car that I kept forgetting to fix cause it was on the passenger side so I do not see it unless I am on that side, and they went ahead and fixed it for me. They are really great
4	Awesome service at this location! I have been using Jiffy Lube for my oil changes for years and the guys who work at this one are top of the line in customer service. I was nothing short of impressed.  Now it is common for Jiffy Lube to greet you at your car and walk you over to the client waiting area. Well, these guys not only did that, but called me by my first name, smiled (wow!), didn't try to upsell me or force me to buy anything that I didn't need, then while one attendant was taking payment, the other held the door open for me to leave and walked with me to my car.I know it is just an oil change, but I recommend that you stop by this location not just for a great oil change, but for great customer service. I know I will be back!
5	Amazing service!!  Here's why:I had an appointment scheduled for an oil change at Advanced Auto out on Shea & Sahuaro today.  I requested the cheaper oil and had a $15.99 coupon.  They told me my 2012 Chrysler 200 had an engine made by Mercedes, which their computer was showing I needed the more expensive oil change which was nearly $100.  I explained that I had never gone for the more expensive oil and have had no problems.  He said they had to use only oil their computer tells them to use.  I chucked them the deuces  and peaced out.  Drove up the road to Jiffy Lube on Shea and was greeted with awesome service.  I even pulled a coupon from their website which expired 12/31/13 yet they said they will take any coupon expired or not, for anyone.  It took about 15 minutes and there is a little waiting area with coffee and water.  The shop is pretty small but extremely well run from what I saw today!
5	Wonderful Service! I went to this location for the first time with an oil change coupon for my grandfather's car that was sitting in his garage for 6 months.  My grandfather and I argued whether or not I should get an oil change because he got one 6 months ago and hasn't driven it since. I decided it should have one, so I went to this Jiffy Lube.  I put it in the cue, lined up an oil change and waited in the waiting room.  About 10 minutes later the service man comes out and says, "It has brand new oil in the car.  Are you sure you want an oil change?"  Turns out grandpa was right -- it didn't need an oil change and these guys were so awesome to be honest and tell me the truth.  Thank you!!
3	good customer services ,always problem to get right ticket on the window !!
