5	Best pour over coffee in Arizona.  Cold brew coffee, whole bean sales and home brewing equipment.
5	Being from the great Pacific Northwest I really know my coffee! Having said that, this may have been the best cup of coffee I've ever had!The owner did a "pour over " for my Americano and it was awesome! I will definitely come back next time I am in town. And I would recommend anybody checking out this little shop!
5	Crate Coffee Market has been my first experience with the pour-over method and I loved it. I stopped in because the owner's wife is the dentist next door and I had just had impressions taken. Anyone who's had them done knows the taste absolutely awful, and so I couldn't bear the drive up to the nearest Starbucks in Ahwatukee. I slipped in and he greeted me warmly as he was finishing with the customer before me. He explained that he had (a wide) selection of whole beans for sale, and everyday he choose a few to brew. He asked what I usually drank and I sheepishly replied that it was usually something flavored and sugary from Starbucks. He suggested the Chocolate Baker Street, and offered to add vanilla to taste. I agreed, and it was probably the best cup of regular, no frills, simple coffee I've ever had. A whopping $3.26 for a cup of coffee that is the equivalent to a grande, which included the added flavor. I am so so so happy that Crate has opened and can't wait to go back.
5	Saw it while passing by and decided to stop. I'm glad I did!! Honestly the best cup o joe I've ever had!! Uses pour-over technique and uses the best beans he could find. The proprietor is very knowledgable about coffee and strives for perfection. He also passes along his knowledge to customers!! Also sells premium beans and pour over type brewing equipment.
5	It's still not clear as to how they ended up in such a small part of Arizona but we are grateful! Jeff's a city boy in a small town, who brought the chic city design of old reclaimed woods, stone and metals to create a modern yet rustic vibe to the country. As soon as you walk in, you feel the passion Jeff and his wife have for coffee making. Talking to Jeff you feel very comfortable and realize just how much knowledge he has on the subject of coffee. He frequently takes trips to various places to expand his knowledge, bringing more of the outside world to their little town. My girlfriend and I had just passed through, heading back to California, in need of a good coffee. Not only were we able to get a good coffee, but an amazing one! He's got a great selection of incredible quality coffees from all over; from very light and smooth roasted beans with all the caffeine to very rich and bold, dark roasted beans. It's the kind of coffee shop we'd frequent and be loyal to back home. It's a little hidden but so worth the efforts to find. The people of Maricopa are lucky to have them and we wish them all the best. When you come back out to San Diego we'd love to take you to our favorite spot! Alan and Kat
5	Just a great place.  Top shelf service, top shelf know how, truly passionate about their presentation, the products they serve and the knowledge to go with it.  A new part of my daily ritual.  All quality.  A tremendous value as well at just $2.50 for a fresh brewed pour over.Just signed up for one of their classes.  Called the "brew tour".  Can't wait!
5	I can't drink black coffee...or so I thought, until I walked into Crate.  This guy knows his coffee, he's like a mad scientist with beans.Best cup of coffee I've ever had, his pour-over method is so simple and yet so amazing.  Maricopa doesn't even feel like it deserves a place this cool.
5	This place is incredible.  Amazing and super unique coffee. The owner has more passion for coffee than most people have for anything. Which is the recipe for the greatest coffee possible.
5	By far the best place for coffee in all Arizona! I take my coffee black but I appreciated that ORGANIC cream is offered. Great price! Great service! All around amazing!!!
5	The perfect cut of coffee.You can't fake passion and this owner has it. Not only that, the pricing isn't unreasonable. You can buy it by the cup or the pound and everywhere in between. This place is a must do.
5	I was just in today, absolutely fell in love with this place. The owner is amazing and has a real passion for coffee. I had the Horchata cold Brew. Amazing. Hands down one of the best cold coffee drinks I've ever had. I hear the chocolate coffee is amazing and sells out quickly. I wish I lived closer, I would come all the time, way way better than Starbucks without a doubt. This place is a hidden jem and should make it's way out to Phoenix !
5	Great coffee. Very smooth taste. Owner was also very knowledgeable in explaining how to make a great cup of coffee.
