3	I come here a lot just because it is the closest grocery store to my house. My biggest gripe is that because I usually shop at night they seem to not be stocked as well in the produce department so I have to kind of pick over what has already been picked over. On the other hand, you just can't beat Safeway's bakery department. Best cakes, doughnuts and bread and cookies.
3	Selection is good, store is clean, staff is friendly. They don't have some of the items I like to regularly buy though, so... I'll shop somewhere else.
3	It's Safeway.  What can I say?  This one is typical of Safeway.  Usual range of products, typical pricing, etc.  Nothing special compared to any other Safeway.  They have good sales sometimes, especially if you use their smart phone app.  Some of the store brand products are pretty good, including their deli soups.
4	Even though I moved back to Gilbert from Queen Creek, I continue to go to this Safeway because I really like the pharmacists there, they are very friendly and very accommodating. Most of the time I can get what I need on my grocery list, but there is the occasional time that I will need a specialty item that I'll have to drive down to AJ's for. I do have a few issues with the store, one being that there are never enough cashiers on hand. It seems that every time you get in line to check out, there is only one register open and 10 people in line. Also, I cringe when I have to go to the deli counter because the service is usually atrocious. Nine times out of 10 there are a few workers behind the counter, but rarely do they look up at you, or if they do acknowledge you, you will end up waiting until they are done slicing their meat or mixing their salads or whatever else they're doing that is more important than waiting on the customers. I don't find that to be the case at the meat and seafood counter. I have always experienced the meat and seafood folks to be very friendly and helpful, and answer any questions that I have about cooking fish or how to season things, etc. Overall I continue to shop at Safeway because I like the family friendly store, I like getting discounts on gas, and it's a well maintained and clean location.
2	Even with the slight remodel to this store it's still a dump.  Twice I bought breakfast sausage that wen rancid.  Cashiers are never friendly and there's never enough of them, waited 5 minutes in the express lane with one person in front of me.  Key is, you want to exit the store fast...put the fastest least chatty checker outer on that lane, geez.  I do like their prices though, so I go there for specific things and get out.
1	BOYCOTT ALL SAFEWAYS!! Bait-and-switch is their basic business model. Most recently, they raised fuel prices 10 cents for credit card purchases, but price on sign is the cash price (even though it dosn't say so).  So, the wonderful 10-cent (rewards) 'discount' allows me to pay the cash price, which is still more than Fry's or Sam's. Also, ads often don't match shelf tags, so you pay more at register than planned. I feel like I need an advanced degree to figure out and dodge all their robbery tactics. I won't shop there again,  and I hope others will join me.
1	This Safeway is THE WORST. The lines are always super long, the staffing is minimal and not enough to cover the customers shopping, and the employees are rude/inappropriate. While checking out once, the checker and the bagger we're having a political argument and the checker turned to me and asked, "Do you like Obama?" That is not an appropriate question.The only time I ever shop here is when it is more convenient and I regret my decision every time.Plus, my son is always disappointed that they don't have any fire truck shopping carts, but I'll let him write about that in his own review... whenever he learns to talk and write.
1	Was really disappointed in this specific Safeway. Went there to do a return and grocery shop for my brother. Waited at Customer Service for a return for over 20 minutes, and there was only 1 person in front of me. They took forever, and finally at the very end the lady there asked what i needed and called someone up. The Assistant Manager, Michelle came to "help". She was completely RUDE, and gave me bad looks the entire one minute i talked to her. And she couldn't even help me with my return. After grocery shopping, there was only 1 line open. with 5 people in front of me and one behind. Took so long to get through.Very annoyed. And would not recommend shopping there.
5	Love the floral department! Always looks amazing and the flowers last a long time! The one time they didn't, the floral manager was happy to get me some new flowers, which ended up lasting two weeks! Sometimes lines seem long, but it is a corporation. I cam see that the employees do what they can to make it faster.
