4	When I was growing up Monterrey was the only Mexican restaurant around, and it's still the only one I ever go to when I'm in Charlotte. It's been a staple for many years and one of two places that I know I'll visit (other than Bojangles) when in NC.  Upon arrival, you are greeted with an overflowing basket of chips, salsa and some other white sort of cheese - sort of ranch dressing/sauce. I usually get enchiladas, but basically everything is good. Most noteable is the cheese that they put on top of everything. I'm not quite sure what's different about it, but I can't seem to find it anywhere else, it's delicious. Lunch plates usually run between $4-$7, so it's super cheap. You pay up front and they've got these little jars of chicklets gum - I used to always beg my Dad to buy me a pack when I was little. Yum yum yum.
4	Ahhh, cheesy goodness! This place has the best around. I could eat the cheese dip with a spoon. Service is always great, food comes out super fast and it's very affordable. I have been coming here for years and every dish I have tried has been awesome. If you're a huge fan of cheese like I am then I recommend ordering a vegetarian dish. Instead of meat on the items they replace it with a ton of cheese. =) They also have drink specials almost every day and of course you get unlimited chips and salsa.
4	I am somewhere on the fence of A-OK and Yay! I'm a fan.  Maybe it should be a half star of YAY-I'm an OK Fan.  I popped in today around 230p, starving and in a hurry.  I sat down, the only person in the restaurant, I was greeted very pleasantly.  The chips were ok, the salsa was delicious, not dumbed down and they served that devilish mayonaise sauce that isn't all that good, but it's so bad for you, you can't resist it.I ordered the lunch special #8 for $4.95, I didn't care what it was, I didn't even give a meat preference, very unlike me. My food came out very promptly, I started inhaling it.  It wasn't the best Mexican food, I'm not going to tell you to rush out and try it, but there was something very comforting about the whole meal.I notice they have daily drink specials.Monday- $2 domesticTuesday- $2.50 Mexican cervezaWed- 3.99 Lime MargaritasThurs- .99 draft Bud Lt & Mich UltraFriday- 3.99 Mango MargaritasSaturday $11.99 Lime Margaritas PitchersSunday- Kids under 12 eat free
4	I had lunch at Monterrey on a Saturday.  The place wasn't too busy and I was seated right away.  The salsa and chips appeared quickly.  They also had a second dip, which was ranch, mayo and seasonings.  It was different and good.  I ordered the mole poblano which came with beans and rice.  My food came out in a reasonable amount of time and there was a lot of it.  The chicken grilled and was very tender with a nice smokey flavor.  The rice and beans were pretty standard.  I haven't had mole much, but this was pretty good.  It complimented the grilled chicken well.  The service was excellent.  I would definitely recommend Monterrey to others and will be back myself.
2	Meh, I've experienced better. My pollo con chorizo (chicken breast & sausage) had a couple itsy bitsy pieces of chorizo... umm, you're supposed to get more than that if you're ordering a $11 dish and not off the lunch specials. I didn't get the flour tortillas either without explicitly asking for them.Food tasted ok and was brought out really quick, hence the 2 stars.
4	Monterrey Mexican Restaurant is a great value for mexican cuisine.  It is located in the Black Lion shopping center next to CiCi's Pizza.  Monterrey has a friendly staff and the food is consistently good.  The portion sizes are reasonable, and is usually very busy on the weekends.  During the week it has little to no wait time and the staff is quick to bring chips and salsa. This is a family friendly atmosphere, and offers an outdoor patio for dining.Would recommend to anyone who enjoys Mexican Cuisine.  Two thumbs Up.
5	Visiting and found this gem w/Yelp help.  Great food, super service, and I'll make a point of getting back there.
2	OK ...the truth will set you free......(deep breath)This is one of my usual stops, I am now a regular here, but just do not get the desired effect of my relationship in my customer / business feeling thing with these guys.Since I have been yelping, I tend to be a little more optimistic in my approach of businesses keeping an eye on prejudices or preconceived feelings one may have toward certain situations, Now keep in mind that as a customer, I have needs. I need to fulfill my hunger, I need to fulfill my existence by having people listen to my needs as I request them, and most of all after my needs are met, I leave a small token of my appreciation in the form of a tip or gratuity. If my simple needs cannot be met, then I become very disappointed.  This is where yelping has become my source of self help.For starters, my wife enjoys the food here, it is very affordable, and the food (when we get it) is usually very consistent (it is very good). On this evening we had a very simple fair, but as we were greeted by the "chip / salsa" gentleman, we quickly requested a mild salsa.  (usually the standard as you are greeted is the medium / hot salsa and the OMG that is hot "white salsa") Since my spanish is not very good, like a fool I spoke english very softly and slowly, "M-I-L-D salsa please for the lady". Our mild salsa never arrived. This was the first sign that it was going to be an interesting night.Upon our server coming over, we had a tea and water (the tea is very sweet and makes my mom jealous....it is soooo good.) The server took our order, a single chicken and cheese quesadila, 2 soft beef tacos, and a side of rice.  Again, we asked the server for a side of mild salsa, and once again, it never came.In the meantime, the food came out pretty quickly, but without the side of rice.  Now this is really starting to get under my skin....This is the best part of the meal as it is not greasy, it has good flavor, and is quite enjoyable, yet, in this meal, it NEVER showed.....The server apparently got sidetracked, we didn't see him for a few minutes, but as we did not have a large meal, it was over halfway gone.  We were soooooo disappointed as this was my recommendation for a lite fair tonight, and lite it was.  No mild salsa, no rice......why bother! Since I felt I was not appreciated, and my needs were not met, I felt like a bad date, and just wanted to break up right here! I'm feeling This Ends NOW! Sure the server apologized, but then reminded him that we never received the salsa we asked for TWICE!It is times like this that I remember why I started Yelping, to search out the truth in restaurants and to hold every person in the hospitality business accountable for the lack of interest in the customer.The customer deserves good service, good food, and at times a reasonable expectation of those needs.  I am in sales, my motto I live by is...... "You can have price, quality or service, pick any two, but you are not going to get all three"  in this case, I got price, but neither service nor quality was provided.Sure I will be back, but with lower expectations.NCFoodGuy
3	So, tonight I forgot to plan my night out and after two attempts to visit other restaurants, and unwilling to wait for 45 minutes, I somehow convinced my wife that this was the place for us.  One would think that would not be so difficult, but after our last experience, you can see why she was hesitant.....thank goodness I was driving, or I may just have starved.Now for the night's meal....it was so much better than our last experience so I deemed it an extra star......it is still lacking the consistency, but this time, our server was spot on! My wife almost placed a bet with me that the meal, and service would be a repeat of our last visit.  I should have taken the bet. We requested the mild salsa and we actually received it. We requested sweet and water and also received them in a timely manner.  ( It is Sad that a highlight of the meal was that you actually received your drinks correctly).The meals were very prompt, very tasty, and the server was very attentive even though we were located in the back of the restaurant due to the crowd. She even refilled our drinks, prior to them getting half empty.This was a redeeming visit for this location and as usual, I will continue to follow up on our visits.I have given three stars, as I mentioned earlier, it just isn't consistent enough to receive 4 stars.NCFoodGuy
3	I prefer the sister restaurant Monterrey has in Matthews over this location because the food is a lot better there.The weird thing is I get a coupon in the mail for this location and the nasty one in Monroe, but it isn't accepted in Matthews.I like this location only for that mystery salsa mayonnaise they give you with the regular chips & salsa. Please don't tell me what is exactly in this dip. I just wish the Matthews location would serve it.Service at this location is so-so and the staff really aren't all that friendly.Margaritas are a bit on the watered-down side.Your pal,Walter
1	This place is very close to my work, and I've gone three times as part of a group. The first two times, service was slow but not unbearably so. The food was decent, and the spicy mayo dip was really good.Today was my third visit. Halfway through my taco salad, I felt a clump of hair in my mouth. I fished it out, and although I really wanted to believe it had just fallen off my sleeve or shoulder, the clump looked nothing like my hair (blond) or my companion's (red).We calmly asked for the manager and explained the situation. He picked up the glob of hair off the napkin and told us that it couldn't be the restaurant's fault because none of the employees have dark-brown hair. (Every single one that I saw did.)Then he walked away, said something to the server that sounded like "wants a free meal." They brought me a bill for $3 for my drink and brought my companion her full bill.Gross as it was, I understand that mistakes happen. But when he implied that I was lying -- that pissed me off. If something similar had happened in my restaurant, I would have fallen all over myself trying to make it right, not insulted the customer.Total lack of class and decency. We will never go again.
4	I gave up on Monterrey several yrs ago but was in the neighborhood today. I felt like Mexican for lunch. Clean, great service and the food was very good. One of the best quesadillas I've had. And the Dos Equis draft wasn't bad either!
4	Love love love me some Monterrey. Great prices, great service, and great atmosphere. I enjoy coming here for a quick mexican fix for lunch or dinner. They are very consistent with their food (which I swear has crack in it....it's so good and keeps people coming back) Drinks are on the pricey side...thats the only pitfall here. Otherwise, whenever I leave Monterrey I'm a happy camper and it is always on my "go to option" list for meals. Also, food combinations..... good prices and huge portions! love it.
3	Service was friendly and quick. The food was tasty.
5	Great Mexican Restaurant chain.  Most of their restaurants are family owned. They have fast service and great food.  I am in the Charlotte area from time to time and often eat here.  This one is no different than the others as far as service and food go, its great.   There is a fan site dedicated to this restaurant chain that has a lot of info about the restaurant and their locations.  Check them out, http://eatmonterreys.com
4	I consider Monterrey the standard for really good 'dive' Mexican food.  There is nothing gourmet about it and you can order by number.  The menu comes with pictures and you get a side of refried beans with almost everything.  The waitstaff is friendly and actually speaks Spanish. And the salsa - oooh how I crave the salsa.  Whenever I'm in town, I require a trip here!
4	Almost the best around
3	Generic, prefabricated and typical... That's what you will experience when you visit El Monterrey. It's not bad by any stretch of the imagination, but Jesus, we need another Mexican-themed restaurant in Charlotte as much as we need a minor league baseball team downtown!When you walk in you will feel a sense of deja vu. You've seen this place a million times in hundreds of cities around the nation. The same shitty decor, the same shitty Budweiser and Corona ads plastered tackily all over the wall. The mass-produced, made-in-china imitation "papel picado" and the cheap dining tables and chairs. You have definitely been here before. Sometimes I wonder if the same guy bought all the restaurants in the US and recycled the theme and look and simply changed the  name to keep up a false sense of diversity.Went with Mother Dearest for lunch today and had a very unremarkable experience. Service was good and fast, food was very nice and tasted as decent as any other of these types of restaurants.The only thing worth mentioning, and it's not really a good thing, is that with your chips and salsa they also give you a little dish of a white dip. I couldn't place it exactly but it kinda tasted like ranch and bacon. It was very artificial tasting too... maybe from a powder and cream cheese? Who knows? It wasn't horrible, but it just did't mesh well with the other stuff.Also, for what it is, generic Mexican-themed food, it's kinda pricey. You really won't find a decent dish for under $8 on the menu after 3pm. Just thought I'd throw it out there.All in all, going here is like going to McDonald's for a burger. You go because you're close by and it's there.
4	Really good food. Nice staff. Only been here once though.
4	These guys have great chimichangas and margaritas! - Good Prices too!
5	Oh Monterrey...you had me at lime margarita pitchers for $11.99!!! Frozen or on the rocks with sugar or salt on the rim...freaking delicious! Oh my Goodness!!! And thank you for making sure I could taste the liquor!!! Really, really appreciated. This place was a really great find! But normally the local hole in the walls have the best and most reasonably priced food! Okay...probably the best thing thing about this place os that they serve white sauce AND salsa with the chips!!! My friends and I were delighted! You see, coming from Virginia we are used to getting salsa and white sauce whenever we have Mexican but since we have been down here everyone thinks the " white sauce" we speak of is queso...ummm Nooo!!! But not here! Every basket of chips we had were hot and the white sauce was spicy and delicious...next time I just need them to leave the container with that sauce on our table. Not even close to joking...it's just that good! I ordered the Shrimp Chimichangas with cabbage salad and rice. It was scrumptious!!! Nice large shrimp, seasoned well with veggies then deep fried and topped with queso. Heaven! The rice and cabbage salad were very good as well. Overall, this was a very good meal...easily 4 stars but since they have white sauce...and great customer service they deserve the extra star. Go...seriously you can thank me later.
3	Burritos deluxe. Nicely done. The interesting thing is that the salsa and the other dipping sauce the give you with your chips. The salsa looks horrible but is actually really good and spicy. The other dip was good, it was just a mystery dip to cool your pallet after the surprising ugly dip kicked you with some heat. Nice job all around, but we do eat with our eyes.
4	Candyce B was right again - Monterrey was awesome!Tucked away in a strip shopping center off of Park Rd (near Black Lion, behind Wendy's), this is the typical small Mexican restaurant that delivers good, cheap eats.  I think this Monterrey has been around for a LONG time (since I was in high school and that was back when Hwy 51 was only 2 lanes...).  I was immediately seated when I walked in, but it took a while for my waiter to get to me.  Though once he did, he was attentive and expedient.  As soon as I was seated, a basket of warm, tasty chips; a small saucer of their salsa, which was a deep red, maybe roasted ingredients?, and not loaded down with cilantro, so I was in love; and a little bowl of heaven, which has been described in the other reviews as white dip, which tasted a little like a thin sour cream with taco seasoning in it - YUM!  It was all I could do to not fill myself up on these 3 delicious starters.My order:Queso with jalapeno dip ($5) - I have to order queso whenever I go to a Mexican resturant - it's an addiction.  A delicious, dairy addiction.  Served in a large dish, it was very good - perfect thickness without being too thick.  The warm chips held up well.Beef burrito + beef taco + rice lunch special (less than $6) - the taco was in a shell that held up to my crunching, filled with mostly beef, with a sprinkling of lettuce and a healthy dose of shredded white cheese on top.  The beef burrito was a medium size, filled with the same beef as the taco, covered with red sauce and a sprinkling of cheese.  Served with spanish rice that was on the better side of the rice that I have been served at Mexican restaurants - quite good.They serve Pepsi products, so I had a Mountain Dew, which for some reason was the most delicious Mountain Dew I have ever had.  The dip, lunch entree and drink were right around $13 - I was completely stuffed, but not miserable.  I will DEFINITELY be returning, delicious!
4	So excited I made it back to an old staple. So, I was craving a fajita, but they don't offer the lunch size portion on Sundays so I chose a lunch combo, which didn't disappoint. I chose a beef taco & chicken burrito w/ rice and beans. The taco was great, meat seasoned perfectly, hot, yet the shell held up great. The burrito was filled with all white shredded chicken, topped w/ a red sauce & cheese...a lot of cheese, yum! The chips were great, but I have to say I miss the old salsa. The new one seems to be a little more roasted, hot than what I remember. I cannot wait to get back...definitely a fajita next time :-).
2	First time visting this place.  Ordered the burrito with chicken ( had to pay extra 25 cents thought that was different and beef taco.  I was disappointed after reading all the positive reviews.  The chicken and beef had no seasoning that I could taste at all.The refried beans was like sauce.  Well the service was fine.  I was hoping for more.
4	Good cheap Mexican food. Get the Gringo dip it is my favorite. They have also recently added table side guacamole service. The vegetarian dishes are all cheesy delights and the beer selection is surprising for such a divey place.
4	After reading such rave reviews about this place I figured I had to check it out! The service here is fantastic! I was quickly greeted and seated. My server was also very knowledgeable about the menu. I ordered the vegetarian tostada and the spinach and cheese quesadilla both were delicious! The prices are very reasonable! I recommend this place if your looking for good inexpensive "comfort food".
3	Came for lunch with my wife. Lunch fajitas were big portion, chilaquiles with chicken and red sauce were good but spicy! Lunch service was fast
1	Three of our five meals, the beef wasn't cook completely. We asked the manger to come over and look. He said the red came from the juices the cooked meat sits in. The food didn't taste right. We will not return. Sorry that no one cares here anymore
4	I was really surprised how excellent the food was considering the cheap lunch specials. The waiter was very friendly and the atmosphere was very pleasant and authentic. The only thing missing was a live Mariachi band :-) Didnt get any drinks since it was my lunch break but I hope to come back and try their margaritas one day.
4	I have been coming here for four years. Normally it's quick great service and decent food. Lunch specials are always a great deal .
4	If I wasn't on the clock I would jump on the 99cent draft special.
4	Since moving to South Charlotte my wife & I have struggled finding a Mexican Restaurant with great food at a reasonable price. The struggle is over. Monterrey delivered great food, great service at a reasonable price. We are just mad it took almost a year of bad experiences before we found it. To top it off... I Love the Salsa!!!
4	I visit often.  Love the white salsa, great food, good prices.
