5	Udderbelly, also known as the Meadows Pasture, is the centre point of the Edinburgh Fringe. Easily recognised by the huge upside down purple cow sitting in the middle of Bristo Square, Udderbelly is a mix of comedy venue and outside bar. The venue is great, it can hold a pretty good sized audience and has some of the best comics around. Although some of the more famous ones have nipped over to McEwan Hall, there are still some hilarious acts performing.Outside they have the Meadows Pasture, claiming to be open until 5 but normally shuts a bit earlier depending on how busy it is. This is one of the main bars of the Fringe, selling Tennents, Stella, Staropramen and Udder Ale as well as the (pretty rank) Magners Golden on tap as well as a load of bottled alcohol and a full range of spirits. The bar atmosphere is great, there is a full on party feel. One of the best places around for comedy and a late night drink.
4	What's that smell? Kinda like...raw chicken. Oh no wait, it's just the smell of 30 days worth of booze and half-eaten hot dogs stomped into the astroturf grass. Right, well, moving on...I'll start by saying this - I love the Festivals. I love the Fringe. I love everything that comes with it, all of it. And I espeically love the big upside-down purple cow at Udderbelly. I was torn between 3 and 4 stars for this one. At first it was 3 stars, as whilst there's a lot I love...it's outdoors with only a few heat lamps which, if you get to close burn your head and leave your legs freezing, and if you step a milimetre away from, they have no effect at all. And did I mention the raw chicken smell? THat should be OFF raw chicken by the way.But then I realised. This Fringe venue is right in the heart of it all. It's open 3am (or is it 5am? I can't even remember what time I skipped away from it many a night...) it's not too big (wait for my review of George Square Gardens), you're always going to bump into someone you know there, it's right beside several venues (the cow itself, and the Debating Chamber), it's right next to the Library Bar should you want to escape to a proper bar, it serves several types of whisky and guiness, it has a burger van that sells burgers and fresh watermelon (just don't call me Baby ok?)So whilst I might shiver and quietly moan about the cold (outdoor venues in Scotland just...aren't...I mean really?!) I think I ended up here more than any of the Fringe drinking venues. It wasn't my favourite but it has that appeal like..the giant purple udders of an upside down cow? Yeah, just like that.
3	Yeah it was ok. Sometimes the music was cack and when it rained it was a bit rubbish.... Wait I've got like another 11 months before this is a relevant review. I'll come back to it.
4	Iconic festival venue popular as a tourist base for beverages. Service at the bar will mature with time, but is endearing none the less. Intriguing loud noises from the cow spill onto the 'grassed' area and the atmosphere is charging, set for another August. Ideal place to read reviews, chat to artists, and make a festival plan.Inside the belly is a fantastic tiered stage which creates an intimate and emotionally charged feel for any show. Drop by the purple pig to absorb drinks, atmosphere, knowledge and people.
4	wait is that a large purple cow now residing in Bristo Square????  yes, yes it is.  that is the Udderbelly and what a fabulous place it is!  this is definitely one of my favourite pop up fringe venues, i mean it's a massive purple cow lying on its back with its hooves in the air! not only that there is fake grass to create an outdoor beer garden feel with a bar and a good number of tasty food stalls.  the show venues are also quite good, although i've yet to see a show inside the actual purple cow.  however, i still love this place and what its arrival in edinburgh means!
