3	It's one of those chains you can't help but go to sometimes because there's nothing closer.When Michael's first started, the prices were decent and I got a bit starry-eyed when I walked in.  Now, it seems overpriced for some things and the customer service is waning.I bought a piece of matting for $15!  I sure hope there'e some gold weaved in the board somewhere....It's worth it if you get the 50% coupon in the Sunday paper, but other than that, I'd rather go to Joann's.
3	Great location in the Surprise area! I'd love it if Michael's gave out more coupons because some of the crafts can get quite pricey. This location has a great selection of scrapbooking and beading products. They do not offer fabrics, except for ribbon. If you are looking for basics, this location has what you might need. The staff aren't overly friendly, but will help you if you ask.
3	Always a great selection of arts and crafts.  Of particular note is the fact they have a good selection of plastic models such as cars, airplanes, ships, etc and all the needed supplies to assemble them including glues, cements, and paints.The prices on the models range from $10 to $30 and seem to be quite a bit cheaper than Hobby Lobby and Hobby Bench which are competing stores in the area.
5	Always have a great selection and a great place to start getting crafty :) They always have sales of some kind going one and tons of clearance things too! I guess they're trying to make room for more cool stuff!!
3	I get a lot of my supplies for my jewelry business here. They have a lot of staple items that I need at a great price. Word of advice, sign up to be one of their loyalty members and you'll receive 40%off coupons in your email practically every week. I save so much money using those coupons.
2	They have a better array of beading materials. The customer service overall is just bad at this place.
4	This is my go-to place for picture frames & scrap book supplies!It has a great variety of both.They always have great sales,keep an eye out for those. Today I purchased 4 quality wood & glass picture frames for $2 each....what?! That wouldn't have happened anywhere else!The only thing I have a hard time with is that I lose track of time when I'm here, lol. There's so much to look at!
3	Stopped in to look at custom frames. They have a large selection and three price points that are reasonable. I like this store because when you need help someone is always available. I'm not a big craft person but they seem to have a very large selection of items to make just about everything.
3	This is not my cup of tea, but when the wifey wants to go then I have to go! Michaels have all kinds of products for your do it yourself projects. Since we have two fosters kids at six and seven years old. We had school projects this year! The store has adequate supplies for your project, but the service is not that good. Hard to find anyone to help you find what you are looking for. Also they only had one cashier on call? This location is very under staffed. Anyway, we got what we needed. And that was good enough.
3	This was one of eight or nine Michaels Stores we went to in the greater Phoenix area today. This was a little on the smaller side and less clean than most of the Michaels we go to.  We were searching for a particular type of scrapbooking paper that my wife uses in her paper crafting. As with the other locations, we really didn't find any. They all seem to be out of stock of this particular paper. In addition, the paper section needed some straightening. There were lots of pages in the wrong spot, and the paper we were looking for had the slots filled with different colored papers. That may be why the stock ran out and was overlooked.
4	Great deals found today. 70% off sale plus was able to use my 15% off coupon on top of that. Friendly staff. Patient at the register as I needed a couple price checks. Wide isles. The downside was some of the price markings were confusing. And there was not a lot of staff available. A few places were messy & there was a ladder in the way.
2	This place is run down and seen better days. It almost impossible to find someone on the floor to help you. There wedding section is virtually non-existing and disappointing. I really wish hobby lobby would open on this side of town
1	Just called to see if they carried a refill for my Scotch ATG 700 adhesive applicator.  She asked if it was pink, I said it was yellow. "We only carry the pink one". I asked if it was the "700".  "I'm pretty sure it's a different series".   You would think looking at the number instead of the color would be more helpful.
