1	I lived at Roosevelt Square for 1 year and, right up until my move-out date, was more or less satisfied with the experience. The apartments are a nice blend of stylishness with affordability in (what I consider to be) a great downtown location (particularly for First Fridays). The proximity to the light rail is very nice, and throughout the year, I related my satisfaction with my living situation to numerous friends and colleagues.I was never blown away with the management company. The office hours are reasonable enough, but for some reason they always seemed to be closed when I needed to pick up a package or discuss an issue I was having. The were responsive enough when problems arose, but never in a particularly satisfying or impressive fashion.Up until my move out date, I would have probably rated the experience 3 or 4 stars. My move-out experience, however, forever tainted my view of Roosevelt Square and will prevent me from recommending this complex to anyone. Everyone I interacted with, from the office staff to maintenance to the office manager was so spectacularly unhelpful that I literally left their office on several occasions with my mouth agape.Unfortunately, I don't have the time or energy to go into great detail about the myriad was in which this company suddenly became disinterested in being helpful to a tenant, but suffice it to say, once it's clear that they won't be getting any more money from you, you are on your own at Roosevelt Square.
3	So far so good, just a few quirks. Overall I enjoy the location and proximity to ASU Downtown, which is something you have to consider when you look at the price of this place. It's practically a perfect location for someone who doesn't have, or doesn't want to use, a car.  As far as the previous complaint, as of now we're having a good experience.  The elevators don't work on an often occasion... But when we move out I'll re-post!
1	There's good and bad here.  Though, I wouldn't live here - I would generally recommend it for people who are heavy sleepers, don't mind crappy service from staff, and don't have a car.  When I was an undergraduate I would have probably liked this place a lot.  It is walking distance to some fun stuff.   BUT...Ben is right.  Spectacularly unhelpful management and leasing agents.  This will come to bite you at some point during your stay, and leave a terrible taste in your mouth.  Also, your living situation is a crapshoot as they show only the model apartment and do not show you the actual apartment you'll be moving into. This complex is so huge and filled with so many different floor plans that there is a good possibility you'll get stuck with a crappy one and be either out of money or face an uphill struggle with the mgmt to get out.  Parking is a pain and cars have been towed... but there's always first Friday!
3	I mean, it's an apartment. your living with hundreds of people to not expect noise is beyond me, but im not that picky. With that said when I came to these apartments it just felt like home...i had been to other apartments in the area and this one just fit. I'm from LA and the urban style is the majority of apartments that you will find out there, so this place just seemed to fit. I will say that if you like the model you better speak up to management because there are a TON of different lay outs and you may be put into something you don't like. I am working with Anthony and he is the BEST he has worked with me to find exactly what I want and has be very helpful. I hope I still feel the same optimistic way in a yr, so Ill need to give an update after I have been here awhile.
4	I've lived here for a year and I'm staying in the complex because it beats all my other options.Roosevelt Square definitely has its downsides--utilities were a lot more than I expected, especially in the summer. Be careful when choosing an apartment, especially if there are a lot of floor to ceiling windows. It's also a little pricier than other apartment complexes in the area, but time is money; with a gym, Pita Jungle, two local coffee shops, and the light rail within a hop, skip, and a jump away, it's completely worth it. I was disappointed with the pool--it's always cold and there is no jacuzzi. I never use it.Those things being said, it's easy to feel unsafe in downtown. Roosevelt Square is one of the few apartments that I can say I have always felt safe in. There is a decent amount of security and the Phoenix police have a station in one of the buildings. The condos, church, and surrounding area make it nice and secure-feeling, and hey, it's all about confidence right?Any time something has broken, the management has been pretty good about getting someone up to fix it within a couple of days. Not many complaints there.I live in the "B" building which is definitely the quietest from what I've heard. I'm a college student but I heard most of them live in the "C" wing, while the "A" wing is near the light rail and public parking (popular among downtown Phoenix bar-goers).The location is AMAZING. I can't imagine picking a better one. I live close to school and close to all my favorite local hot spots. I can bike, walk, or light rail virtually anywhere I want to go. I love that, and like I said, time is money.
5	I don't know what the hell everyone bitches about.  You can't get a better price for the prime location...if you want something cheaper, go somewhere a little less downtown with no ac.  The maintenance can be...eh...sometimes, but when you look at the overall maintenance on the entire complex, they actually do it.  They repainted the buildings, inside and out, they clean the hallways once a week (if they really need to do more than that, thats just the occupants probably that they messy...they're freaking hallways) and they have security now.  I've been living here for over two years and I'm happy.  The people in the office are nice, and they do tend to mess up things, or forget things...but i've never had them forget about any BIG problems that I've had since I lived here.  The messes and loud noise are from annoying tenants..but you have to know that moving into an apartment complex downtown in a large city.  It's going to be noisy on first friday, it's going to be noisy from the neighbor above you...welcome to downtown living people.  The only big problem that I have is the dog poop and pee that are around the complex...but that's from negligent dog owners, because I've seen maintenance clean it up in the mornings.
1	I am VERY disappointed with how much the quality of this residence has gone down. I get it....you've changed management companies.....but we're the people that have to live here and continue to pay premium pricing for not so premium living. For starters, the community room that we used to be able to rent for about $75-$100, now through berkshire requires a $400 deposit. Makes no sense, we freaking live here. Although it was great that its a dog friendly community, there are a lot of negligent dog owners who don't clean up after their dogs, and the maintenance/cleaning team does not address this....so you walk around and it smells like dog urine and there is feces everywhere. At least when it was greystar, they used to pick it up and would spray the trees with water to ease the smell. The gates in the A building are always broken, the front doors are always broken, the key sensors are always broken. When you go into the office to pickup packages or pay rent, (being that they charge a $10 fee if you pay online monthly, which is a total joke) you sit in the front office for a ridiculous amount of time before anyone addresses you....theres no: "someone will be right with you or anything". The only person that I am even happy dealing with in the office is Colby, he's the only one that seems to really try to do whats best for the residents. I don't know what I pay so much for anymore, its really disappointing. We've lived here for about 2 1/2 years and have just had it.
1	I'd love to give a half a star but Yelp won't let me. I'd have lived at Roosevelt Square since may 2010, and just recently moved out at the end of September (2012) upon moving out I was hit with a $391 bill for carpet and carpet seal replacement (I'm assuming the padding under the carpet) The only thing they went off is just the manager doing the walk through saying she smelled cat urine (with no real evidence, black light and/or ammonia tests done by a third party) and the funny part is that I've been chain smoking cigarettes in that apartment for two years and there was no mention of her smelling that. The way that Berkshire did this is really just a way to extort money out of you if you're a pet owner. At $30 a month for having a pet and being there for 26 months and paying a $250 'non refundable deposit' I've paid over $1000 I paid to these apartments because I own a cat. That's not including the carpet replacement that I have to pay. Berkshire Properties is obviously out there to manage (and do a horrible job of it, there has been an instance where they LOST MY RENT CHECK and I had to correct one of the office workers on the correct rent amount) but to steal money from you once you move out. It seems like the general consensus with people on yelp and even with people I know personally that vacated these apartmentsPlease understand if you have a pet or animal of some sort and paid that non refundable deposit, YOU WILL PAY FOR THE CARPET no matter what. (using that phrase 'non refundable' and 'deposit' together is misleading because a deposit is money you pay and get back if there is no damage) So basically look at it as money you're giving to them. Walls are paper thin. I've had two noise complaints against me but my upstairs neighborhood could do jumping jacks, and what sounded like roller skating upstairs and no one complained about that because he/she has been doing it up to when i moved outStepping in dog poop on the side walk and walking by the dog waste bins that hasn't been changed out for a while was generally unpleasant, but its not too bad i guess..The only great thing about this place is the location, being close to the 'downtown' area, and light rail. Pita jungle is awesome and Lola's and Fair trade .be prepared to pay some money when you leave is all I'm saying people.
1	I loved this place when I moved in.  I thought it was perfect.  I had a great view from my balcony, steps away from Pita Jungle and Lola Coffee.  There was a park right across the street for my dogs to run around in.  I didn't think much of it when then management changed from Greystar to Birkshire.  Didn't see any huge differences.  They seemed really friendly... until I decided to move out.  And then they make it their job to screw me out of every last dollar to my name.I will admit, I had a fast move out.  I forgot a box in the apartment and I didn't have a maid service come in and do a professional cleaning.  I figured paying a few hundred dollars wasn't that big of a deal to save me the hassle.And then I got the $1300 bill.  Yes you read that correctly.  There are two zeros at the end of that number.  They charged me $1300 to clean a 700 sf. apartment.  I did what any sane person in my situation would do and I refused to pay it.  That is until I was sent to collections and faced destroying my credit and rental history.So I settled it with the collection agency and moved on with my life.  I genuinely thought that Roosevelt Square was done ruining my life.  I was wrong again. Almost a year later, I put in an application for another apartment complex and was told that my credit report shows that I STILL owe money to Roosevelt Square and that they cannot rent to me unless I can provide them with documentation that this debt was paid.So I called Roosevelt Square and SURPRISE, they have no record of my settlement with them.  In fact, they came up with another $500 that they claim I still owe them.  My only option at that point was to contact the debt collection agency.  They were able to provide me with a copy of my settlement in full letter in under an hour.  A debt collection agency was more helpful and more competent than this joke of an office.Roosevelt Square looks really nice, is in a great location and has a bunch of really awesome amenities.  But so do all of the other apartment complexes in the area.  Do yourself a favor.  Move somewhere else and stay away from this bottomless money pit.
4	Love the location. Location is everything to my husband and I. Close to 2 parks, 2 coffee shops, Pita Jungle, a Japanese Friendship Garden, First Friday Art walk, and some charming historic districts. This place definitely has a nice neighborhood feeling, and we like living in the middle of it all. Our dog loves the park, as well as meeting lots of other doggie friends. Downtown is central, so even though I work in the east valley and my husband works in the west valley, neither of our commutes are very long. We live on the top floor and have a wonderful view. Wood floors in the kitchen and bathroom are very nice. When people come to visit they almost always remark about the wonderful greenery and architecture of the area, which is what attracted us to it in the first place. They are not your typical beige, stucco Phoenix apartments.After living here for a year, there have been some minor complaints. People drive very quickly in the parking garage in the C building, which makes for some scary encounters at times. There was even someone skateboarding in there that actually ran into our car. The solution would be to put some mirrors on each wall so that people can see each other coming around the tight corners. Don't know why they aren't there already.Another complaint would be that our neighbors were playing loud, obnoxious music several nights in a row. But this could happen anywhere, it's not the apartment's fault.They have recently made some updates to the front office, the courtyards and the public spaces that are very nice. We just signed up for another years' lease, so I will update after that.
4	My husband and I have lived in this community since 2008.  We love the location, the amenities and the price.  Mostly we love that they helped us out when my husband lost his job in 2009.  We had only been here a year and he knew he was going to be let go. We went to the leasing office to see if they had a less expensive apartment or could cut us a break until he got another job.  We still had 6 months left on our lease at this point and couldn't afford to break it.  Fortunately they did have a much cheaper apartment in the C building which was the same size as the one we had been renting in the B building.  All we had to do was transfer the lease and move.  They didn't charge a transfer fee or require an additional deposit.  (And this was with the former management.)  We've been there ever since.  As long as rent only goes up by $25-50 a month were staying cause I hate packing!  The community has been under a new management company for about a year.  We have not had any problems with the new management company.  The new management updated all the equipment in the gym and updated the floors.  All the staff changed but the new staff are good.  We've never had a problem with our neighbors.  Maintenance issues are taken care of in a reasonable time period. (Unless its an emergency then they're there ASAP. )  I personally like that there is a little park on Portland where our neighbors take their dogs.  I don't have a dog but it's nice to live in a pet friendly community.  There are also tons of trash cans and doggie bag dispensers so no one has an excuse not to clean up after their dog.  If I didn't actually see the dogs every day, I would have no idea that anyone owned a dog downtown.We recommend this place to everyone.
3	Lived here for over a year. I moved in with previous management (Greystar) still here and a really nice guy named Anthony I believe helped us get settled. He jotted down numerous problems with my apartment when we moved in such as: unevenly lined wooden cabinets, broken side window (hinge was cracked and never attached) and chips in the new faux-wood floor. Since the new management, I have been very disappointed. Seems that the floors in the hallways have become more dirty (maybe from new tenants) and the ever-annoying elevators broken/glitchy buttons. I was also emailed on a Friday night right when office was about to close, about not having proof of renter's insurance (when the old management apparently just didn't give paperwork to new management.) Why email me right when you leaving for the weekend? I also am unhappy the church attendees across the street parks along the parking garage's side walls. Along the side where you have to pass people, in fact i've seen cars hit each other trying to turn around when they notice our locked gate on the 3rd floor. Also, do they not know the fire boxes are along the garage walls for a reason? Oh ya, probably why two ended up broken on the concrete last year.Probably not renewing when our time is up. The cost to live here has increased and I don't see why it is worth it with our 2001 appliances and the problems I listed. Will raise hell if they try to charge us for anything though that was noted back in Dec. 2011. What keeps us here is the location of the light-rail, our neighbors and the restaurants near by.P.s. I give complete kudos the the handmen/handywomen who work their butts off with this giant complex.
4	I've only been a tenant here for 2 days but I'm already very impressed. I put in service requests to fix the ice maker, change the ac filter, and to inspect the ac as it wasn't cooling that well in the afternoon. All 3 request were complete in a matter of hours after submitting them and all items work to our satisfaction.  The people in the office are also friendly and more than willing to help.
1	Love the area- too bad management was horrible.Too many stories to post, but will give you 1 just to convey their mindset.I go out of town, have my dad check on my place and my pet, which he has done before.He calls me to let me know the call box code wasn't working and he couldnt get in.I call the manager the next day and ask what was up and am told-"we disabled the codes a few months ago"....ok well were you going to let the tenants know?"we figured you guys would have figured it out by now"....uhhhmmmm, well I didn't until just now and now my dad can't get into my place to check on my cat, so can you guys turn it back on so he can or give him a fob so he can open the gate and get in"you can mail us a money order for 50 dollars and then we can give him a keyfob"....I'm in another state, and that will take at least a day or 2 for guys get it in the mail, is there anything you can do to fix this and am in shock that your only solution is for me to mail a MO to you guys..."it went on and on and I thought it was a prank it was so outlandish- THEY disable the call boxes, they don't let us know, then want me to mail a MO to them so my dad can get one for 3 days.....insanewhen I left that horrible manager was promoted up....and the good people in the office were on there way outno matter how cool a place looks, NEVER move into a place with management this incompetent!2 years there, was going to stay another, but when this was going on (and one of MANY crazy issues) I told them the way there were handling it, this would cause me to move"do what you got to do"ok- in Tempe now= :D
4	I loved living in the Roosevelt Square apartments.  All in all this was one of my most pleasant experiences with an apartment complex.  After hearing great things from former and current residents, I caved in and took a tour of the buildings.  Though slightly higher than my target price range, I was quickly swayed.  The amenities and prime location allowed me to save money in transportation, gym memberships, gas, and even groceries (it's just a block Away from the Phoenix Public Market).The same apartment in such a prime location of Boston (where I lived previously for several years) would run around $2,500/month.  I love the urban feeling in the area, without the typical level of noisiness that comes in downtown areas.  It has the feeling of a quiet town, with the city at your doorstep.Overall, the area is clean and well-kept, though my apartment was not thoroughly cleaned at move-in (the floors were dirty and the tub needed additional cleaning).  This is the reason for knocking off one star.  I'm pretty sure that the management would have had the cleaning folks come back out, if I had told them about it immediately.  I waited a couple weeks to mention it, so they offered me a discount on something else I requested to make up for the inconvenience.  I recommend this apartment complex, while encouraging folks to make sure to go into the front office and have conversations with the management as soon as issues arise.  Most of the management team is helpful and responsive via phone and email.
5	Alright, I realize apartment review sites (this one included) are mostly made up of those whose experience as a resident is awful.  They use the site to lob compliants and grievances (many of which I'm sure are perfectly valid).  That said, I think a review site (even one like Yelp) should reflect the diverse range of opinions and experiences at an apartment complex to get a full picture of the setup.  So let me briefly lay out my case.I've now lived here a full year so Roosevelt Square has had plenty of opportunities both to impress and depress me.  And thusfar, I've been nothing but impressed.  My first big worry when I moved here was the noise.  Whether that was traffic on Roosevelt Street, barking dogs (since there are so many dog owners here), and noisy neighbors in general.  I can't speak for the whole complex, but the building I'm in (the B building), is as quiet as when I lived in the suburbs.  My apartment looks out over the pool area and I've never had any noise issues at night.  Sometimes there are pool parties during the day, but nothing out of control.  The complex is well maintained by an attentive maintenance crew who keeps the sidewalks relatively clean and the interior building hallways immaculate.  The maintenance crew has come to do three separate fixes in my apartment and each time they were prompt and fixed the issue on the spot.  I haven't seen any loose dog poop (the dog owners are very good about cleaning up after themselves).  Parking was another concern I originally had, but I've used the east parking garage the whole time and have never had trouble finding a spot and the gated entrances give me that extra level of security.  Speaking of security, they have a private security company that roams around the premises at night, plus there is a police substation next to the workout room.  And about that workout room, great machines and free weights.  Not as much of a workout selection as a normal gym, but enough machines and free weights to get a decent workout.  If I had to air just one grievance its that the pool is not heated and there is no jacuzzi.  Both would be useful during the cooler months as the pool area is largely abandoned during that time of year.  During the summer its plenty busy, though the residents are very good about not using it late and disturbing the residents trying to sleep.All in all, I've loved it here.  The complex is nice.  Backs up to a beautiful grass boulevard on Portland Street, is walking distance from dozens of restaurants, concert, and sports venues, and gives super easy access to the I-10, I-17, Loop 202, and Grand Ave.  There are other nicer complexes in downtown but are much more expensive and I would argue don't have a location with the great access this one does.A couple pieces of advice.  If you know you'll be here at least a year, take the 13 month contract option as you'll save a bundle each month with that option.  Also, get a carpet or mat for your balcony as the floors of the balconies are slatted with a bunch of holes that won't hold your outdoor furniture.  A carpet or mat solves that problem.  And finally, park in the garages if possible.  There's plenty of street parking, but for some reason the birds love pooping on cars parked on the streets.If you're looking for a reasonably priced apartment complex close to everything in Downtown Phoenix, this is an excellent option.
3	3.5 stars:I leased from out of state and found the leasing agents to be knowledgable and helpful facilitating the move in steps/process. When I was ready to move in, I just signed a few papers and had keys within a few minutes which was nice since I had traveled from out of state. The main reason I chose this property was because I liked their loft style apartments with concrete floors. My apartment flooded multiple times and although I was very irritated initially with the way it was handled, I believe they remediated it satisfactorily. The new apartment I am in is not what I wanted (has carpet and is more like a traditional cookie cutter unit) and it gets disgustingly hot if the AC isn't blasting (I assume due to the location of this particular unit). That being said, this was the only somewhat comparable unit available and it wasn't flooding. It's cheaper, which is nice I guess, but i didn't move into this complex for it being "cheap" (there's definitely cheaper complexes in the area). They did apparently make some concessions which makes it sting a little less. The common grounds are well kept and the dog bag stations are generally stocked. The pool area is okay. The weight room is decent for a quick workout. Maintenance staff is friendly. The parking garage is nice. They will hold on to deliveries in the leasing office which is nice as well- better than having to drive to the post office if you miss the ups guy. Office staff - I have found them to be helpful and cordial. Overall it's been a fairly average experience. I would have given it two stars but I feel like overall RS made things right and handled the situation pretty well although it did take 4 inconvenient trips to my unit with the water damage issues before I was moved. Luckily I took videos and pictures and documented everything. But things are fairly smooth now other than some confusion on the way they bill for utilities and being charged again for switching to a new unit (which they are apparently crediting me for).I'm just at the beginning of my lease and anticipate modifying it once I move out.
1	I have glanced over the other reviews and generally speaking I can attest to and agree with the other 1/2 star ratings.  With that being said, I will only speak to my own unique personal experiences with this apartment since the other reviews covered some of my complaints adequately (shutting the water off for hours at a time on a weekly basis with no warning, checking the fire alarms at least on a monthly basis, low quality appliances, etc.). This review may be a tad on the long side but believe me, if you are considering moving here, it is all stuff that would be beneficial to know.First things first, this complex is woefully under-managed. The property manager and front office staff are the most incompetent, unprofessional people I have met in all my years of dealing with rental property. They are rude and will talk junk directly to your face (the customer is not always right at Roosevelt). If they aren't out back smoking cigarettes in the parking garage, they're busy sending out emails riddled with grammatical errors. At one point, I even had a staff member of the complex admit that they get DAILY complaints about how terrible the property manager is. I moved to this apartment from out of state, therefore I had all the paperwork done through email and fax in order to facilitate a move in date that matched up with the date I arrived in Phoenix. I was told multiple times that everything was in line and I was good to go. I get on the cross country flight to Phoenix with my dog and suitcase and take a taxi to the apartment. Once there, I was told that the paperwork would not go through and essentially "sorry about it, not our problem." This left me homeless in a new city with which I had no clue about. I had to rent a hotel room and a rental car for a WEEK, before the management fixed whatever issue they were having with the paperwork. I knew from that point on it was going to be a horrible experience but believe me, I called around and all the other apartments in the same area were booked. Next thing is: THIS IS NOT A GATED COMMUNITY. Sure, there's a gate in theory, but the key fob access only worked about 25% of the time that I lived there. It must truly be the most difficult, complicated thing to keep running properly because the doors broke on a weekly basis. At one point the gates weren't working for around 8 months straight and I guess the word got out to the homeless community. Other tenants and I found multiple homeless people wandering the halls checking doorknobs as well as homeless people sleeping in the corridors. There was also gang graffiti that began to appear in the hallways. Don't get me wrong, this is a safe community IMO, but that doesn't take away from the fact that there is a lot of vagrants that do walk through this area. The gates are needed to ensure safety. My last and final complaint is that there were multiple instances of the front office staff stealing and/or withholding my packages. I would get an alert from the office or a slip from Fedex that said there's a package in the front office. When I would go to pick it up the office workers would look for a brief minute and claim sorry it's not here. (Very helpful I know). They would say its not their problem, despite ya know legally it is their responsibility since they sign for all the packages. I eventually filed a mail fraud claim with the local postal office and the issue of missing packages ended shortly thereafter. Overall, this community has a great location and some friendly tenants. But for $1,000 a month the quality of the apartments is way below value and the management is simply not worth dealing with. Heed this review and the others. This apartment doesn't have a 2 star rating for no reason.
1	I've lived here for over two years now and the conditions of these buildings have degraded exponentially ever since Berkshire took over the complex.Don't let the outside of these buildings fool you; despite how nice the streets, parks, and sidewalks (can) look, they really only seem to serve the purpose of luring new tenants in, much in the same way as Hansel and Gretel. Once you're inside, you'll experience the lavishes of homeless people living throughout the buildings, dirt covered walls everywhere you go, spiders in every nook and cranny, security gates constantly broken (our main entrance can currently be pulled right open), and so much more. Over a month ago I let management know of the mice who were making a new home out of the trash room (in the C building) near the entrance of the parking garage. Now it appears to have become a full blown infestation and I'm lucky to not see 5 or 6 mice running away as I open the chute to dispose my trash. The parking garage entrance has been broken for weeks (due to someone running into it) and the congestion from the parking garage has made it a complete hell to get in and out (while also battling the horde of people trying to eat at Pita Jungle). Cars are also damaged or vandalized in the parking garage but they refuse to put any additional cameras up, so good luck trying to hold anyone responsible for damaging your vehicle. Store some extra water on hand for when management decides to give you less than 24-hours notice to turn the building's water off, sometimes for 8 hours at a time. My rent's been raised twice since I've been here, and I'm now paying more than a thousand dollars for a one bedroom apartment in a complex where the management doesn't seem to care about how terrible the conditions have become.
2	Update**Counting down the days until I can move out. A simple maintenance request that went unaddressed for over 10 days (when there was an unknown black mold like substance in my bathtub) really highlighted the biggest problem with the management here. Miscommunication and lies, on top of a laissez faire approach to dealing with problems (oh the irony), have become the norm, not the exception here. I pay my rent in full at least 7 days before it's due, so no, I'm not someone who is being evicted trying to "get even" with Roosevelt Square. I won't bore you all with the details but I leave you with words of wisdom: the units in building A have great floorplans and concrete floors, the location is the best of anywhere downtown, the landscaping is nice. 2 out of the 5 staff members that I have personally interacted with within the past 6 months are friendly and helpful/competent. The temps they hire/contract are abysmal , poop (animal or otherwise) remains on the floor by the door in building C , days after it's been reported (I even sent them pictures), and lies run rampant. Overpriced apartments for the risk you take of signing a contractual agreement with this place. If you can, opt for a shorter term like 6 months or so vs 12-13. That way you're not "stuck" or locked in.3 months left on my lease...still plenty of time for another update if necessary
