4	Paradise Nail Bar is brand new here.  It is in the location of the old Tanya's Nails.  The space has been totally remodeled and redecorated.  It has new owners and a mostly new staff.The new Paradise Nail Bar is really going for the younger crowd it seems.  The place is decorated like a tiki bar with a lot of Hollywood movie posters all over.  They also always seem to have a recorded live concert playing on the tv of artists like Bruno Mars, Rihanna, and the likes.  I was talking to my nail tech who told me you can have karaoke mani/pedi parties if you want to there as well. Okayyyyy.I do have to say the new management have really made this place look nice and seemed to have improved the staff as well.  My nail tech, Henry aka Grumpy Old Man, is the best nail tech there.  He was actually with the last company and made the move.  I have always really liked him as a person and his work is AWESOME.  As I am writing this, I still have my gel manicure on my fingers from 3 weeks ago and it still looks brand new.  Now that is simply cool.  The other people are hit or miss, so that is why they lose a star in my book.  So there you have it!  Have fun getting your next mani or pedi!
1	wow the worst service I've ever received they mangled my finger nails I left crying no exaggeration do not go there!!!!!
1	I would Never coming back here ever!!!! Make a appointment with my regular tech. They said she is not here today but the truth is she no longer work there. The girl Jantra that did my nails did a horrible job. My nails were very ugly , crooked, and misshaped.  Come on it is a fill!!!  She told me that the owner and the employees there is treating her very poorly. I was so shocked to hear her  talked about one of her coworker (the lady that sit in the front). After that she ask for my phone number saying that she is gonna to rent a station soon and would call me to make a nail appointment with her.THIS place is very expensive and they are treated the clients very rudely. I miss all the people that work there before the new ownership.
5	Nina is the BEST! I have gone to nail salons all over the valley and wasn't impressed with any of them. I found Nina and will never go anywhere else. My nails stay on, don't lift and look gorgeous. Stop looking and come to Paradise Nail Bar on Cheyenne & Durango. You won't be disappointed! ! - Mrs. Sausage #teamsausage #inkmaster #perfectnails #nina
1	I have the worst and most expensive 10 minutes pedicure here. For $45 the pedicure was not special at all!!! The pedicure chair was not comfy at all. It doesn't have where the water  was bubbling. All you do is soak your feet in a garbage bag. The worker there is not friendly at all especially Nina! She is very loud and rude. I will never come here nor recommend  anybody!
1	I went to get a fill  Monday and got the worst service ever! Nina was very mean and rude . She need to go back to nails school and learn how do some nails. This place needs a designer to come and redecorate the place. It is fill with junk yard crap! Anna and her nail tech needs to come and help run this place back to how it was before. This place never  have any  customer should have known.  By the way all the nail tech that use to work for Anna especially Grumpy Old  Man works down the street. Go see them!
1	This was my first time trying this place and it will be my last! Horrible service! I went in to get a manicure. When I was greeted, the employee asked what I wanted. She tried convincing me to get a gel mani but I declined the offer. Her attitude went from super friendly to rude. My nail tech was a man and he was not friendly at all. You could tell he didn't want to be there. He did a horrible job on the mani. He didn't even up my nails and he left nail polish all over my fingers, didn't even bother to remove it afterwards. He rushed through the mani when he saw a client come in. I will never return to this place, what a waste. They should be closed down.
5	Love it here! Service is alway so good. They get you in and out. They always do a great job and do exactly what you want. Prices are also very reasonable.
5	Such a cool ambiance and clean salon! Steven gives the best foot massages ever-I'd go just for them! But they do nails so well you don't have to go as much cause they last a long time. But it's the best place to go after a night in heels!!
5	I have been coming to Paradise Nail Bar for six months. They always do a great job with my pedicure and it never chips. The price is affordable and so worth it. I even come in between pedicures for polish changes. Their polish lasts way longer than mine. Today I had Steven, my feet are so soft and vacation ready.
5	Ok. So I'm a manicurist and of course I was a lil skeptical letting someone else do my pedicures. But there's nothing like someone else doing your feet. Danny is awesome. I see him once a month and he always picks out a different pedi for me every time. They've got these cute lil frozen slushies (complimentary). So from Nails By Sasha, I'm giving this place 5 stars! Nice , clean, and hospitable
5	This shop is the best. Not your normal cheesy shop with wallpaper border, mirrors, Buddhas and fake plants. Hawaiian theme, very open and clean.  They use sterilized instruments and put all kind of goodies (fruit slices) in the bowl. The scrubs smell delicious.  They line the pedicure bowls with plastic so you don't get the filth from all the prior pedicures. Steven is the best.  I have natural nails and his paint jobs last over a week. They have slushies machines too. Refreshing on a hot summer day.
5	Jantra, is very friendly n good! I love my facial as well.. Very clean place. My manicure n pedicure was good
5	A pedicure here really is paradise...It's really my only real form of relaxation in my routine honestly! It feels like you're in a spa. Rocelyn is giving my dry, heel abused feet a makeover right now. Plus she's quick and good so I can get back to my busy schedule (and not being relaxed) and makes it so I can go nearly a month without needing a touch up. And they talk to you here, and always in English so you don't have to feel like they're bitching about how you pick your gel polish off knowing you can't understand it #realtalk
5	My favorite place to get my nails done. They always get you in and out and do a great job. It's fast and good work. They'll do whatever you want. They're friendly and reasonably priced. And the store is super cute and has good music and music videos so you stay entertained.
1	Nobody in this salon knows how to do nails or speak English. They speak in their language while doing my nails. I feel so uncomfortable. They are very mean and unprofessional. Sophia, the nail tech with blond hair ask for a tip after I gave her. That is so embarrassing. DO the job right and you would get a better one.   I am Never coming back there!!!!!!!!!! I miss all of the worker that were there before they change ownership.
3	Excellent service great pedicure nails are 2 out of 10. Price is good but I've had better.
1	Horrible place to get your nails done after two days of getting my acrylics nails done they broke.. I came in to get them fix and the Oriental older man told me no come back tomorrow before they even close very rude and disrespectful will never come back here again what a waste of money
1	Never again.  The place is dirty , the service is shoddy and the products appears to be 2nd rate.
3	Tom was who did my nails. He's nice and energetic. He did a good job on my nails. I have really dry cuticles and he cleaned everything nicely. My massage was nice. My only complaint was the coats of paint were too thick. No matter how long I let them dry they got smudges. The salon itself is cute with a tiki theme. It could be a bit cleaner and employees that feel like taking a nap should not be visible to customers. He was actually sleeping in one of the massage chairs. Overall I may go back to this place if I'm in a time crunch since it's right next to my house but this is not my go to place.
