4	You always know good Chinese food when the people in the kitchen are telling jokes in Cantonese.You know how good it is?  It's SO good, when I took my visiting parents, my dad actually stopped eating, went to the counter, and complimented the chef.  Now that's good.The best menu item by far is the lo mein.  It doesn't matter which one, they have chicken, pork, shrimp, or just veggie.  It's not overly oily, and that luscious aroma from using a wok just can't be beat.  You feel healthy and naughty all at the same time.  Every time I get an urge for good Chinese food and don't feel like cooking, that's where I head!
4	This is my favourite Chinese take-away in the area. I'm not particularly fussy when it comes to Chinese food - it doesn't take a great deal of skill to make and typically it all tastes the same to me, so I'm basing this review on value for money. You get a LOT of food for your buck here. I'll usually get two dishes and a fried rice and for about $20 I'll walk out with about three pounds of food. They pack the fried rice so tightly into a large container that you almost need a shoehorn to get it out later. Some dishes are quite tasty - my favourite is the pork with black mushroom and snow peas.Some dishes, however, aren't that great. An order of Mongolian Pork would have been better termed "Mongolian Onion" - 1 part pork to ten of green and regular onions and sauce. And as for the Yui Shan chicken, eurgh. Weakly spiced, sludgy, and sweet as molasses - chicken, zucchini, carrot and mushroom. Won't get that one again.Most of the time you'll get your order in 10 min or less, but I've been there when it's been busy and then they kinda buckle and I was waiting over 30 mins. Wasn't a problem that night, but if it becomes a habit.. (shrug)Anyway, better than Big Buddha (Greenway and 303) - way too pricey with way too few items on the menu -  and a tiny bit better than Golden Wei (although GW has a larger seating area). Chen&Wok is a tiny place, about maybe 6-7 Costco tables, so it's better to order take-out than sit in there under their bright lights and have dinner while watching Andrew Zimmern eat frog's pizzles on their crapburger 10" telly..
1	Shitty little Chinese places usually have alright food.. not this place.. nothing we tried even tasted good. A real emphasis on shitty! Ordered tofu, sweet and sour chicken and egg rolls as well as house lo mein.. I think it was the oil because everything sort of tasted rancid and was seriously greasy. Also the shrimp in the house lo mein didn't smell very good so I picked it out.. still the greasy noodles didn't sit well with me or my friend. She ended up getting sick right afterward though I was fine. I am convinced that there is ZERO decent Chinese in Surprise! Perhaps there is another place I should check out?
2	I started going here since the place opened a few years ago. There was no other Chinese place in Surprise (that I knew of) at the time. Oil is definitely a main ingredient in their dishes. The beef dish I had once was pretty bad and never ordered it again but always loved the orange chicken with lo mein noodles. Lunch specials are pricey. Now that I'm a vegetarian, I have better options so I've never went back. The owner is friendly but always on the phone taking orders. They don't take American Express.
1	When C&W first opened, it was okay.  It was also the only game in town for about a year, so we sucked it up, ordered our lo mein, and were thankful that it wasn't Panda Express crap.  But as others have noted, the increasing amount of not-so-tasty oil used in every single dish is a big turn-off.  It's cheap and it tastes like it.  The last 3 times we've ordered from them for take-out, we've had mistakes in our order.  Not, "We gave you someone else's food, oops, my bad," but mistakes like ordering family style tofu and being sent home with tofu soup.  Or asking for a large fried rice and small steamed rice -- and getting a large steamed and small fried.  That sort of thing.  To their credit, they've been great about fixing such screw-ups, but it gets old.We now don't eat there at all, even though it's much closer than our preferred Big Buddha.
3	I've had great meals here and so so meals too. it depends on the day of the week I guess. We get the hunan chicken-its not on the menu but its always good. their lo-mein is always good and the portions are huge. We always split their dinner specials. its reasonably priced, close by and quick. There are definitely better Chinese restaurants in the valley, but it is surprise and not exactly the height of food in the valley
3	Average chinese place, nothing special. Very cheap lunch specials, no room to sit in so you have to pick up. They charge an absurd delivery fee so its really not a viable option.(like 2-3$plus tip) minimum order 15 plus the fee
5	Surprise for a city of 100,000 people has a lack of good restaurants.  Most of the decent ones are chain restaurants that are predictable but nothing great.  Chen Wok is an exception to the rule.  I have yet to be disappointed by a meal from them, whether it is dine-in or take-out.  The owner and his wife are usually there and greet customers like family.  Repeat customers will find that they are remembered.  If one has ordered the same thing twice, they can usually repeat the order from memory.They do not own a steam table; every dish is cooked to order.  They are more than willing to make adjustments to fit your personal preferences.  I am a vegan; they will even leave out the egg in their soups so I can eat them.  I also love spicy food; I order the Ma-Po Bean Curd extra extra spicy (actually the way to word it is, "As Hot As Possible.") and have never been disappointed.  My wife orders Teriyaki Chicken but has a sensitive stomach, so they accommodate her by going light on the sauce.  Their menu is varied enough that my kids can order whatever strikes their fancy at the time.Some of the pervious reviewers disparage Chen Wok for being small with "Costco Tables."  If one wants atmosphere, then go to P. F. Chang's and pay triple for half the food.  Chen Wok is fine example of the small independent American business.  They deserve your support and patronage a hell of a lot more than the McDiarrhea's in the parking lot.  I gave them 5 stars because of value and quality and taste.  I can live without the pretentious of atmosphere.
4	Super fast and super friendly!  Whenever I'm craving some good take-out Chinese food, this is the place to go.  They have great prices and you get a decent amount of food for the money.  The owners are very personable, he even brought each of my kids a toy when delivering to my house once.  We've tried other Chinese food places in the Surprise area, and have found Chen & Wok to be one of the best.
2	My wife and I just got home from a long flight and wanted some Chinese for dinner on a Sunday night. Not wanting to go to a buffet and over eat bland dishes...we thought we'd try this local place. Well...I wish we didn't! Although I am going to give them two stars for the cleanliness and friendly greeting...that's about where it ends. I tried the cashew chicken and my wife tried the sweet & sour chicken. I refuse to order a drink from places that only serve cans of over priced soda, but my wife had a .99 cent can of 7UP. As for the food...my dish was way too hot (still steaming 15 mins later, the chicken at times had globs of fat on it, and every so often I would find bits of other dishes in it. I ate about 1/3 of my large order and threw the rest out. My wife thought her sweet & sour chicken was so-so, and the rice that came with our order was very dry and tasteless. I want to close with the menu had NO General Tao or Sesame Chicken! Two very common staples! In closing the place is clean, and people nice, but you can do much better for even average Chinese food.
2	Take out: Lots of rice in the take out and a good pile of the main course too. Quality isn't top notch, but they are trying to give lots of food for the price, geared for family dining on the cheap. ie.  Plenty of celery and onions... For another dollar or two a plate you can do better. And the shame is so could they, but I'm sure they know what their clients want. Quantity over quality.
5	I don't know why so many people give bad reviews to Chen Wok. It's one of my favorite chinese places in Surprise and has been for years. They have a large variety of food and huge portions! I have literally never been disappointed with my order from here. Plus, they deliver. Who doesn't love that?
3	Man, Surprise is really ripe for a great chinese place, however this is merely passable, not great.I have never eaten inside here, so I can't compare to some other reviews about the interior.I will give them credit first in that delivery was fast, I was quoted 45 mins it ended up more like 20, the driver was very friendly, and the prices were reasonable.The food left a bit to be desired though.  Lots and lots of rice, and an ok amount in the "large" containers too.  Everything had too much funky oil on it.   The S&S pork was ok but the pork was a bit overcooked.   We also had orange chicken, which was not the least bit spicy as the menu noted...in fact crappy panda is spicier thank this, which was disappointing.   The crab puffs were probably the most disappointing, not much stuffed in and it was not a pleasant taste or consistency.I'd probably give this place one more try because the service was very good, but would order different items and hope for an improvement.
1	This place was horrific. The sign on the door says gourmet, but I think they meant that as a joke, or to be ironic. Hole-in-the-wall is an understatement. We walk in and there are a few tables to sit at, however, this is not a dine in joint. You must order at the counter, and unlike Panda Express, you cannot see your food before you order it. They asked if it was for here or to go--a customary thing to do--But our food came in to go containers even though were said "for here."Two seconds after ordering, they brought out our food. I think it's safe to say, there was no real cooking going on behind the scenes. I ordered the vegetable fried rice. Believe me when I say I could have made better rice with my feet.My companion ordered the sweet and sour chicken...completely inedible. It was dark in color, over cooked, and we could not find evidence of chicken present inside the crispy chunks. He took two bites and threw the whole meal away. It left a bad after taste in his mouth.They do not offer fountain drinks at this establishment, only cans of soda. Which are piled up in the corner like a supermarket display gone wrong. I ordered ice water and received a styrofoam cup of tap water WITHOUT ice in it.In the end, I fully expected to open the fortune cookie and read, "You should have known better."Negative star
2	Normally these little hole-in-the-wall chinese restaurants have great food. Not this place. Every thing I've ordered from this restaurant has been so greasy they had to put the leaking container in a plastic bag. That is just too greasy.In terms of decor, I don't think this is the kind of chinese place you sit down and eat at, it's definitely more of a to go restaurant. The price is average and you do get a decent amount of food for the money. It's just a shame that their food isn't that great.
1	BEWARE! OILY NASTY MYSTERY CHICKEN! This place does not care about the quality of food they put out. EVERYTHING WAS WET WITH OIL - down to the crunch noodles. GROSS GROSS GROSS!!!!!!!
1	I ate here twice and both times I was confused?  Was I eating Chinese food?  I was hoping this would be a great lunch stop, since its so close to my house.  With so much Chinese food restaurants to pick from this is one I avoid.  I have to say the food is on the greasy side and the huge grease trap outside is evident from the alley on the side. Inside is very small with a few tables and supplies fill the back corner.  Not a pleasant place to sit and eat, take it home or on the go.
5	The Lo Mein is awesome!
2	Probably the 2nd best Chinese food in Surprise. I much prefer Big Buddha on Greenway and the 303, however this is much closer to my house so occasionally I will find myself stopping in. It is the definition of mediocore Chinese food. Pro-tip Don't order anything fried.
4	I eat here at least once a week and I have always been very impressed.  We have never had a bad meal.  The service is great and the small family atmosphere is great.  I would recommend Chen Wok to anyone.
3	just ok, i usually feel like crap after eating here, but they deliver, and you always get a ton of food.
4	I really like this place! It's small but I don't expect a grandiose atmosphere like some of the reviewers obviously wanted.  Like one said "Go to P.F Changs for that".  I love the food here and the people! They are very nice and after you've been there a couple of times, they remember you.  Even when placing a phone order!  I have the house chicken, which is FANTASTIC! It is spicy but not so much that you can't even enjoy it.  They give you big portions, so one lunch special for $5.00 is enough for 2 servings.  $2.50 a serving?!? You can't beat that.  I can't really say anything about the oiliness of the food, since I do not find mine to be oily at all.  The food ALWAYS comes out HOT!  Some much so, that it can not be eaten right away. Never have I gotten my food in 2 seconds as one reviewer did and I eat there often.  If you are looking for good food that is not over priced and just want to eat and not worry about all the decor and what not, then you should give it a try!
5	Excellent food and very friendly
1	I have tried Chen Wok a few times... I think I kept hoping the food would get better since they deliver. It hasn't gotten any better, and I've finally given up. We had orange chicken and cashew chicken with fried rice last time. Everything was bad. They delivered quickly and were friendly... If only the food were appetizing :(
1	Literally the worst $13 for one meal I have ever sent in my life.  I had the sweet-and-sour chicken dinner for $12.73, it was literally so over cooked in Chewy I didn't eat a piece of it. So disappointed
1	Ordered from them at 6:04 p.m. for delivery...at 6:52 p.m. no food...called the store to find out where our orer was and was rudely told, "I don't know, it's not here, so it must be on it's way"...7:23 p.m. no food...called to cancel order, and while on the phone with them the delivery guy shows up...I agree to pay, but no tip...get our food, and start going throug the bag and noticed some extra items...fried wontons and spring rolls...maybe free because they were late?...nope...there was a knock on the door...delivery guy gave us the wrong bag...got our food finally and it sucked...worst lo mein ever...will never order from Chen Wok again...oh, and sorry to the people who's food I fingered for them...
4	My wife and I have been long time frequenters of all the Chen & Wok locations. We were pleasantly surprised to find this location. We usually go for lunch and have never had a bad experience here.Their dinner menu is a little pricier than it needs to be and that's why I gave them 4/5 stars. I've never had a bad experience at any of their restaraunts...
2	4 Stars for food & 1 star for SERVICE (lack of thereof)  Can't believe that they refused my order 30 minutes before they close.  I WILL REMEMBER!!
4	Look maybe I'm biased because I currently live down the street and I ONLY, I repeat ONLY get 2 things off the menu here. SO I can ONLY vouch for those 2 ITEMS i do purchase. But they make BOTH OHHHHHHHH so good. They have a house speclial FRIED RICE thats BOMBBBBBB ladies n gentlmen. I HIGHLY suggest it. I mean it's so good I write my name on it in my fridge, that good. I also get the egg drop soup WITH cracker thingy's they sell for a little extra $. All in all when I call up to order these 2 items it takes them about 15 min to prepare and I go pick it up then enjoy. Again this is the only 2 items I have ever ate here, Honestly I have no complaints about either thus why I don't change it up.
1	Chen WACK is what I call it! I would have given it no stars if I could. This place has failed to meet the mark way too many times hence my review. I don't write about places to often good or bad but at this point I feel that if I can save someone time, money, disappointment, and sickness then it's my duty! This place lacks in the flavor department hardcore. 90% of the food is bland! It's just horrible in my opinion! They give you great portions but the quality is very lacking! Avoid this place at all costs! Unless you go in the back and help them season and marinate the food your getting plan on eating chinese that has no soul or flavor.
2	I am sad to write this review... As I used to LOVE this place. However as of late, it's been hit and miss. More miss than hit. (Insert sad face here!) The prices have gone up, serving size has gone down. I'm all about understanding the economy and what not... However this was the best part of eating here. I've learned that it's cheaper to order my food ala carte at lunch than as their "special lunch combo". For example; Lunch menu - white rice, sweet sour chicken is $5 (roughly). However if you want the house fried rice (it's so yummy and filling!) it will cost you $4 more! What??!! That's right, almost the cost of the whole meal. So now it's $9 for the "lunch special". (It used to be $1.75 up-charge.)The second to last time I ate there after ordering my lunch (to go) with the upgrade and adding in fried won-tons it came to $14.79. Twice the price as a week before! No joke, it was!!!! First time ever I have never tipped them. Why? what they told me over the phone and then charged me were 2 different prices! The next time I went, I ordered ala carte and it was the same price but with WAY more food. Bottom line - order containers at lunch if you want the rice upgrade. The food is good, which is the only reason I gave them 2 stars. My stars explained:(1) location, ease of parking, lights, (2) how clean and organized they are, restrooms etc.. (they have never earned a star from me) (3) value. which I count as 2 stars 1 * for cash/debit/credit and 1 * for price of food vs quality of food, size of servings.
4	OMG! This was such an amazing turn around experience that was had here. I have ordered before from this Chen & Wok and didn't think it was to great. Can't believe how much this changed my mind! Total price: $14 Order: Spicy crispy pork, Chow mein, and Crab puffs. Spicy crispy: So fantastic! Amazing flavor and the perfect amount of heat. The only thing was the meat was more chewy than crunchy. Chow mein: Wow looks can be deceiving! The noodles didn't look that great but the taste was definitely there. It had like a soy sauce and light teriyaki taste with some possible oil. Crab puffs: These were really flavorful but didn't taste like a Chinese food crab puff. In addition, there wasn't really much crab on the inside. However, it was stuffed way more than most places and you got 6 for only $4. That's a great price! The breaking was perfectly crisp! Def go here! It was this good even 30 mins before closing. Now that's dedication!
3	Soooo bummed!!! I loved this place and thought the food was amazing! The house special chicken is beyond delicious and I would get delivery often (6-7 times a month)! Unfortunately when I called after they messed up my order, their customer service SUCKED! The woman on the phone said she asked the girl who took my order and that I was wrong and was unwilling to fix their screw up. Not a way to run a business! I will now be going elsewhere all because of an order of steamed broccoli! To bad because the food is good and I loved our regular delivery guy! Bye bye Chen & Wok :(
5	Great food , great service at a great price! There delivery is really fast and they always have a smile! Highly recommended!
5	The day after my bad experience, I actually called and spoke to the manager. He was super nice and apologetic and told me he would make sure I didn't pay for my next order of broccoli. I decided that their house special chicken, the manager and the super nice delivery guy were too good to give up for one bad employee who is lacking in customer service. Hopefully she got some training. Did I mention how good the house special chicken is?? lol
1	Never again.  Soup was tasteless and all the food was missing in flavor.  Fried rice had been burned.  We ordered delivery and when the food arrived we noticed how hot it was.  After we began eating I noticed the containers had a note on them "microwave safe", which is ironic because I believe all the food was prepared sometime long before delivery and microwaved just before delivery.  VERY disappointing.  We won't be calling them again.
3	This place has gotten much better than the first time trying it the year they opened.  Now, the food is much tastier.  We usually get the shrimp dishes: fried rice, lo mein and shrimp with lobster sauce.  All tasty and as good as you can get for chinese food in Surprise.
1	Absolutely Terrible bland food. I had the shrimp in lobster sauce and the sauce was brown instead of white like it should be. I will never order from this place again. Really bad food, such a disappointment.
1	Haven't eaten here in years.  Their food is mediocre but they deliver & we are hungry.  I ordered over an hour & a half ago.  I understand it is Saturday night but really.Thank you for confirming that this place sucks on many levels.  Last time I ordered from this place (a few years back) there was plastic in my soup.  I thought it was a fluke but called to complain & they asked for proof.This food better be good.I doubt it.  Never again let hunger override better judgement.It took 1 hour & 45 minutes to arrive at my house.  I will be calling tomorrow to complain. Just as horrible as expected.  Every dish was barely above warm.  Bland & the chicken teriyaki was hard, dry & teriyucky!  Do not eat here!  Let them shrivel up, close & allow a good restaurant to open in it's place.
1	Wow - I tried ordering  delivery from this place.  I was relunctant because of the mixed reviews.  The lady on the phone was so rude I hung up.  She could barely understand english and refused to take my order without knowing a cross street.  I am visiting and don't know this area but the place is only a couple miles away.  She then put me on hold and I heard her complaining about me because I didn't know the cross street.Ruined my night and put me in a bad mood.  Don't go here - they don't know how to treat their customers!!!!
