4	The new glamorous Koko Restaurant makes her home in the Opus Hotel in Montreal. Lounge in the terrace where there is plenty of room for sun soaking in the afternoon or nuzzling a lover's ear in the moonlight.In the Grand Salon, an electric green runway cuts through the stark-white room while bold furniture and statues stare back at you, like the giant horse lamp and the table garden gnome. The Petit Salon, draped in black velvet, is located in the building's original section and is an intimate setting for discreet encounters.Executive Chef Don Letendre of Vancouver's Opus Hotel, puts another spin on what we now call Asian-Fusion. You'll get Steak Fries with baby watercress, wasabi and uni butter. Another signature dish; Star Anise Barbecue Pork Belly Bites with puffed rice and Asian slaw.Resident DJs combine the latest electro-house rhythms from East and West and dining and cocktail service are offered late into the evening.Can you see why I am totally kookoo for Koko?Opus Hotel10 Sherbrook Quest, Montreal QuebecToll Free: 1.866.744.6346
4	I stayed here with my husband and our young baby - we had a fantastic experience.  The staff were incredibly friendly and accommodating, providing a crib and anything else we needed (even a yoga mat!).  The room was very clean and well set-up.  The decor was sexy without trying too hard, great bathroom/shower, and the bed and linens were comfy.  We got a great rate as well, as we visited in March.  Happy to recommend this hotel in the core of the city; so easy to walk everywhere and explore fabulous downtown Montreal.
2	Good service, even if the waitress didn't punch in my main course until the rest of my table was half way through theirs. The food is mediocre at best. Plain tuna tartar with a weird sweet glaze that, well, didn't go.  The halibut wasn't fresh (fine, Montreal isn't a coastal city), the green beans were unfrozen and so heavily toped with CANOLA oil that you could smell it before even tasting. The "japanese cheesecake" was non other than a failed experiment. Oh and did I mention overpriced?
4	The Opus was in an excellent location right in the heart of Montreal. The decor was modern - looking like an urban loft with large simple pieces of furniture maximizing the openness of the room, although the painting in the room was a bit too colorful for the rest of the decor. The bathroom was excellent with a large shower and great lighting. The hotel staff was very nice, exchanging some currency for me every day(Dollar-for-dollar, which was a better rate than the bank gave at the time). We were also able to catch some of the common-area wifi from our second floor room, which was great. Koko and Suco, the bars at the hotel, were busy every night, full of house and hip hop music and trashy dancing, if that is your thing. Koko even gave me a smoking screwdriver which was a great touch. All you had to do was flash your hotel key to get into either. While neither were my scene, I do admit that the DJ at Suco was definitely putting in the work and gave an impressive mix all the way to the end of the night, with a heavy emphasis on reading the crowd. Koko was definitely less inspired. musically, but it was less crowded and an easier crowd. The area can remain loud at night with many emergency vehicle sirens and car horns when it gets late, also you can pretty easily hear the music bumping in the hallways, but if you don't mind then it's a great stay. We got a great rate on Jetsetter and if we can get it again we'd be excited to go again.
4	I stayed at the OPUS over the Thanksgiving long weekend for 4 nights. The location is excellent! Close to restaurants, bars, SAQ! Check-in was quick & easy, we received a room with a King bed on the 6th floor. The decor is modern and minimalistic. The bathroom is roomy, with a large walk-in shower. The front desk was fairly helpful, although when we requested ice, we did have to call a few times. Free WiFi in the lobby. The staff was also great in arranging a taxi for the airport. Would definitely stay at the Opus again.
1	Do not stay here if you like to sleep.  The club downstairs seems to always be bumping, even in the middle of the week.  This is my second stay here (gave them the benefit of the doubt the first time around) and it's the same story all over again - the bass trembles through the rooms and it goes on until at least 3 in the morning and now I'm still awake writing this review.  I asked to switch rooms and the front desk brushed me off and told me to check back the next day.  Unfortunately for me this is my company's preferred hotel and I'm stuck here another 2 nights...Also they don't have wireless internet in the rooms.  Only wired.  Yet another slap in the face.
1	My husband and I stayed here last year, and we fell in love with the hotel and the city. Luckily our room last year overlooked the street, not the patio. Seeing as the patio is LOUD, we requested a room overlooking the street again, and were told this would be honored. Wrong. Upon check in our room overlooked the patio. We sucked it up the first night, too tired from traveling all day. The second night we couldn't take the thumping and obnoxious music from the patio.  In the morning we requested the room we were originally promised.  Unfortunately, we were told, "We're at capacity". Nothing else, no one cared that they screwed up the reservation. So we checked out, 4 nights early.  Montreal has lots of other hotels Opus.  Thanks, but no thanks.
4	Opus has a nice modern feel, the location is definitely a winner, and the service is top notch in my opinion, especially for the price! Word to the wise though...get the RIGHT package or you are going to be paying for upgrades left and right - parking, internet, etc. are all upgrades if you don't order with your room initially. Keep this in mind when you go to book. Enjoy!
4	A friend and I stayed at Opus in Mid September of this year. We arrived early in the morning after an overnight bus from Boston. The reception staff checked us in without hesitation at 9am. Our room was spacious and luxurious. The king size bed was superb, especially for a quick nap after our long journey. The staff were friendly when we passed by them in the common spaces. We received free internet with our room rate and couldn't have been more happy with the value for money. We booked through a third party website to secure the best price. Great location, take a walk in any direction from the hotel and you are sure to run into something grand.
2	No ceiling, no sleep... We arrived at Friday night, a bit worried about the noise level that almost everyone on yelp and TripAdvisor will complain about.  Maybe because it was raining, we didn't even hear a thing and felt good about many things, including the room design and facilities.  But first of all, the ceiling in our room is totally UNFURNISHED.  No paint, no whatever.  Very shady.  At first we thought it was a special design.  But it was 100% not... And Saturday was the real nightmare.  We came back to the hotel at 2 am and realized our room was right above a rooftop bar which is VERY LOUD.  People are drinking shouting and dancing with very loud music right below our window.  This is a nightmare experience.  I have to wait until 3 am to see if they would leave us alone by the time of closing.  If you want to get any sleep during your weekend, just don't stay here.
5	Oh what I wouldn't give to return to Montreal and sleep another sleep in Hotel 10.  My partner and I rolled into town on the Amtrak from Penn Station, which was quite the train ride might I add, and when we came to experience Montreal for the first time, Hotel 10 was our first stop.From the moment we stepped out of the taxi and into the lobby, there was an ambiance of coolness and luxury that I was dying to have after a long day on the train.The woman at the front desk, a well dressed brunette whose politeness is completely noteworthy, greeted us and chatted a bit with us about how Montreal is always hustling, and even on a Sunday night (about 9pm when we checked in), we could easily walk outside and find some fun.When we went into our room, I was very happy with the accomodations.  We were on the third floor, and it was just a beautiful room to spend three nights in.  The bathroom was gorgeous, I loved the shower!The room was great, and the music in the elevators (Daft Punk's new hit) was awesome, too.The breakfasts were delicious, I can still taste the croissaints and cheese plate spread.  My favorite person was the jolly and upbeat Montrealer, whose given me the epitome of how I think of native Montrealers, who served us every morning for breakfast.  He was so cordial and amusing.  We were elated with his service.The best part, I would say, is the location. Hotel 10 is fabulously located and close to EVERYTHING.  We twice ran up Mount Royal from our hotel, and went downtown and to the old harbor and Chinatown as well.  Next time we return to Montreal, I predict we would use Hotel 10 again.
1	Incredibly noisy rooms: one night was the nightclub in the basement, the second night was the bar on the ground floor. All floors, ceilings, and walls are this "modern" concrete, which offers zero sound absorption. Unless you get a room on the 5th floor, prepare to hear loud bass music until after 3am.Stole my stuff: I am certain that I accidentally left a few things in the room. After checking out, I called their lost and found and they denied finding them. Thanks bunches. Oh, and it took 4 phone calls to get that answer, too.Light Confusion: Just go ahead and try making any sense of the light switch arrangement in the room. Go ahead, I dare you. The electrician should be taken out and shot for such lunacy.Internet spottiness: The wifi here dropped out in the room repeatedly. Only downstairs in the lobby could you have any reasonable expectation of internet access.Pretty beat up: For a recently re-designed hotel, there is a surprising number of gouges in the walls. And the toilet seat was loose (although they did fix that pretty quickly).Good location, but for that price you should expect more.
4	Stayed here in October 2013 as part of our honeymoon for 5 nights and had a fantastic experience! The service was spectacular, the elevators have the nice security feature of requiring a room key and our 5th floor room was quiet, modern, comfortable and large.The only night the club was loud was Saturday and I expect that is a problem for people on the 2nd and 3rd floor rooms, but it was completely unnoticed on our 5th floor room.Location is great- St. Laurent has a plethora of restaurants and clubs. If you're up for a run, it's quick to Old Montreal. A metro station is a 5 minute walk away that gives access to the rat of the city.Only one negative experience was my last night; my wake up call for 4:45 AM occurred at 5:22 and the night auditor tried to convince me it was 4:45 "according to his phone." Then he immediately called me back to tell me my cab arrived so when I went down, we had a chat and he admitted it wasn't 4:45 when he called and that he couldn't because he was "too busy." I loved this hotel, but this guy's excuses were lame and could have cost me making my flight, thus knocking off the 5th star.
4	Hotel 10 is in a great location of Montreal if you plan on hitting St.Laurent, St.Denis and the Plateau area. We read in advance that the attached night club can get very loud and it does. Upon check-in we asked for a room on the quieter side of the hotel which they had available. Our Junior Suite was very spacious, loved the glass shower and separate sitting area with a very nice leather couch with chaise. The general clientele is on the younger side, plenty of bachelor parties in town and staying at the hotel. The staff was always friendly and accommodating. We will definitely stay at Hotel 10 when we return to Montreal.
4	The good:Staff (including our COMPLIMENTARY...YES COMPLIMENTARY drivers) and concierge were fantastic. The hotel is centrally located (no more than 20 minutes walking from anything we wanted to see/do) and a great value for what we paid on Travelocity.  We also really enjoyed the complimentary coffee/tea/snacks in the lobby (great cookies).  The only slightly bad: The room did have a couple of loose knobs and a loose toilet seat but these are quick fixes.After reading the reviews about the noise from the club we did request a quiet room which was given to us with no problem.  I'd also like to add that our beautiful concierge made a point of telling the people checking in before us about the noise level on Fri/Sat and asked if this would be an issue...so no excuses to anyone who complains about this!A special thank you to our driver Lucas for being our "mini tour guide" and rain protector and to Sabrina for her professionalism and care!
4	Pretty schnazzy hotel stay here at Hotel 10.  Their interior decor and layout remind me greatly of what you'd find at a W hotel.  The beds are wickedly comfortable and there is plenty of space to move around.  The hotel is also conveniently located to many of the sights in Montreal.  We just parked the car when we arrived and did not need to touch it until we were ready to leave.    They are a bit small in size (5 floors only) and the bathroom separation from the bedroom is awkward, but overall, it is a pretty good stay and very clean.
5	Fantastic hotel! Friendly service, free wifi, great showers, large rooms, comfy beds, classy and modern chic decor, fairly inexpensive, close to all the fun stuff like Pullmans Wine Bar. Highly recommended. We are staying here every time.
5	This hotel is fab! So classy & chic I love the breakfast buffet nice people , everyone is so freindly!
2	It's 2:49 am Sunday. Laying in bed, I can hear the bass from the club pounding through my pillow. The only interruption from the incessant thud is the occasional argument between a cro magnon man and his girlfriend before getting in his 1996 Nissan Maxima.This would not bother me as much except that I read earlier reviewers problems with this and explicitly asked to be kept away from the club. I was told we are on the opposite side. My recommendation, don't take a room on the first floor.Aside from the crappy room assignment this is a clean hotel with friendly staff. I'm not someone who spends much time in the hotel room. It's a place sleep and shower. The shower is lovely.
1	We can hear the music from downstairs!! Our toilet got clogged. Receptionist aren't that friendly!!... But can't complain my company paid everything... If I am paying I will definitely not chose or come back to this hotel again.
1	This might be the worst hotel I've ever stayed in. Service is terrible -- not just bad, but attitude, too -- from the moment of check in. The rooms are located above a courtyard that contains a disco playing loud atrocious music until 3am. I would say it was a nightmare...but at this point a nightmare would be preferable because at least I'd be asleep. Yes, I have earplugs and Bose headphones and it doesn't matter. To make the misery complete, there are large mosquitos in the bathroom.  And to add insult... the minibar? A list of tiny bottles you can call room service to request. If I didn't have a splitting headache and weren't positively livid I'd just wasted $300 (and that on Priceline!) I'd say this place was a joke -- as it is, it's hell.
1	The service sucks, mostly pretty pretentious. The music is so loud, seems like I'm inside a club...big mistake
3	This hotel was not bad and served its purpose. The staff are very friendly and accommodating, room service was quick and efficient. The location was great too right next to St Laurent.  The room was not exceptionally clean and there were some lightbulbs that were not replaced in the washroom. The club downstairs can get a bit loud at night. They do not do a good job at patrolling the hotel at night it gets very loud in corridors. Overall a great location if you are expecting to enjoy the Montreal nightlife.
4	Last minute decision to finally drive to Montreal brought me to Hotel10 - thank you hoteltonight app. (I mean it was either that or watch Honeymooners reruns all weekend - Montreal won).The location is perfect - walking distance from old town and port, right next to St Laurent with all its restaurants and bars, and close to St Denis if you want to do some shopping.Design is modern chic, which I always loved. Complimentary bath robe, oversized rain umbrella and huuuuge shower are big plus. Keurig coffeemaker in the room is cool too.It also pretty quiet - polished concrete ceilings (darn kewl), carpeted floors, and covered walls - good soundproofing. I saw college kids with party supplies go to room next door and was prepared for much noise - did not hear a peep.Garage parking is convenient, and I am tipping my hat to most awesome valet. Free wifi - good speed.Huge gym room, clean, spotless, with fresh towels and ice cold water.Breakfast is Ok-ish, I rather prefer eating elsewhere. However, Jargo lounge at night is pretty decent to grab a drink or dinner.One word to management and my only disappointment - is how they maintain it. Carpets on ground level need cleaning, headboards need to be dusted, and hairdryer bags need to be cleaned. I don't enjoy finding other peoples hair there.
