5	So I'm a Dad.  I'm a picky Dad.  I've been to a number of young kids birthday parties in the Phoenix area and they leave a lot to be desired.  I'm not talking about complicated stuff here.   Sure the kids have fun at some organized events, but how about the parents as well?  I'm so tired of the allotted two pizzas to serve 15 kids and adults that I could cry.  Maybe it's because I'm a food guy.  Feed me well and I'll be happy.  I don't know, but what I do know is that Toy Town is the best destination for all your 5 and under kids birthday party needs.  We rented the facility for 2 hours on Sunday.  Cake was arranged through their custom cake maker.  A half sheet of  cake for $50 and it was a well made and delicious cake too.  The good news for me is that I'm still enjoying the leftovers.Back to Toy Town.  So it's a kids play place basically.  Set up like a small town.  Each little house in the place is a different business.  Police Dept, Pizza place.  Hospital and so on.  We had 20 kids and as many adults at our party.  All the kids enjoyed it, from our 1 year old to the 7 year olds.  The girls were playing dress up with the clothing from the different houses.  There is a small bounce house in the back that everyone liked.  As per their standard party set up, we ordered Dominoes pizza from right next door.  This ensured that everyone got as much food as we needed.  We had a great time.The kids all played with all of the toys in the place, we all ate pizze and then cake and everyone enjoyed themselves.  the staff here is wonderful.  They work to make sure that everything is smooth for you.  they handled the few things that we didn't think of and the party was a great success.  Many of the mom's were discussing their future partying plans with this facility in mind.  The only thing that they could improve would be their front entry area.  It is a bit crowded and needs to be reworked for smoothness of store entry.  Beyond that, everything is exceptional.  It was very easy for us to arrange this party, everything was handled well, from the place to the cake and the pizza and drinks.   We were very pleased and will be coming back.
4	I heard about this place for a moms distribution list I'm on.  Apparently, it's been there for a long time, and it now has new owners.  I took my daughter there today for a play date. It's essentially a mini town, with all the fixings.  There was a police/fire station, complete with items to try on and play dress up. There was a dress shop for girls, and it had lots of cute items too.  Dominoes Pizza (a kitchen), and there was even a mini road for the kids to drive the little push cars.  My daughter had  GREAT time, and burned off a lot of energy. They even had free WiFi.  =0  Of course, I found that I needed to watch my daughter to ensure that she was sharing, as some items were very popular.  I suspect that the 2-10 crowd will LOVE this place.  I will be back.
4	New owners are great (she even helped me get my rowdy twins out to the car!) much cleaner, still a bit expensive though
4	my daughter loves this place, i can sit there for hours and she will just keep playing. the only reason i rated it a 4 is they need more shopping carts for the kids
3	My friend had told me about Toy Town. I'd read the Yelp reviews and some were good, others not so complimentary. So what was my erperience? The girl on the till as you enter had the carisma of a gnat (no hello, no talking, I had to ask all the questions) and the place itself was quite small. It was also very dark which I did not understand until I had a good look and realised that the place needed a good lick of paint and some cleaning. The bathroom in particular would benefit from a good scrub! There was also no where for adults to sit/mingle so we ended up sitting on chairs meant for 2 year olds! It's a pity because there's a lot of wasted space at the front of the unit which could benefit from some chairs/sofas being put there and which would still allow you a view of your child playing. I felt I was in the way of the kids the whole time as I had no where to go and had to stand. When it got busy and there were more kids in, it was a bit chaotic given how small the place is. So those are the negatives, now the positives; the concept itself and the the actual houses are lovely. Each one has a theme i.e. a firehouse, a library, a bank etc. There are plenty of toys and the older girls especially seemed to love dressing up in the costumes. I think if you were to take the idea of the place and the houses and put them in a bigger, cleaner and better laid out premisis you'd have a real winner on your hands. Will I go back, yes because my son had a good time there. We stayed for 2 hours and it was $10. I believe you can stay for as long as you want. I just get the feeling though that whoever own's it has let it go and if they just put a bit of effort into it, it could be a brilliant place to bring your kids....
2	I really like the idea of this place.  My 1.5 year old daughter had a lot of fun here.  But... - We went with a moms group and there were probably about 10 of us (plus kids), and there were probably another 5 other moms and kids.  So in total there were somewhere around 30 people there, and it felt rather crowded.  I don't know if this size crowd is normal for the place but if it is, as another reviewer mentioned, more shopping carts and cars are needed. - I have no idea how often the place is cleaned, so I'm not saying it wasn't clean, I'm just saying it didn't feel clean to me.  And the automatic air freshener (that you often times find in bathrooms) didn't make the place feel any fresher. - The biggest minus is the cost of admission.  It's $10 for the kids to get in (free for adults), but I'd rather spend a smidge more and go to the AMY or CMoP.
3	We still really like the concept, but their hours greatly reduce how often we can go. I used to go on Saturdays, but now that is a music class(?) and not open for general play.   =(  Their hours probably work best for stay-at-home-moms.
5	Hello All, I am just here to give some information about Toy Town. The new owner just took over in July of 2012. If you have suggestions such as the ones below. (hours, toys your kids love but they need more of, etc.) Please go on facebook http://www.facebook.com/ToyTownPlaycenter or their website http://toytownplaycenter.com/ and suggest them to the owner. I know her very well and she would be more than happy to here your feedback about the place. Thank you!
2	This place is a great idea for kids under 5, and my daughter loved it. The biggest issue I had was that it smelled like dirty diapers in the whole place due to an old diaper genie in the bathroom that needs replacing. Additionally, we went 1h after opening and the place was filthy. The carpets need a good steam clean, the furniture all needs a wipe down, etc. Toy Town is a great neighborhood play center that could use a serious, and regular cleaning.
