2	Good sandwiches, good deli meats, but very overpriced.
4	I am really picky when it comes to eating out, but I absolutely adore this place.  Best corned beef sandwiches EVER!  I always get the triple decker #4 without the chopped liver with a side order of latkas with apple sauce and sour cream.  Delicious!  However, I wished that they would have kept their old latka recipe.  I have been away from Pittsburgh for years now and I truly miss their food!
4	Good sandwich selections.  I had the Rachel (corned beef with coleslaw) along with a side of potato salad.  The Russian sauce they put on the sandwich is a little on the sweet, but I think it worked well.  The potato salad is also very eggy and a little sweeter than normal, but I didn't mind.  The staff was friendly and my food came in a timely manner.
1	food is good but it is overpriced and management is rude.
1	Overpriced. Mediocre sandwiches. Rude staff. No parking. I've had better food at McDonald's. Don't waste your time. Oh yeah, and a link to their last health dept inspection: http://hdas01.achd.net/reports/rwservlet?food_rep_insp&P_ENCOUNTER=201109190021. Copy and paste
4	Your options here are not limited to just deli meats and a few side salads. Stop by for breakfast/lunch and try the classics like pancakes, corn beef n hash, and the Rueben. Sit in the window or at one of the few tables, and take in the liveliness of the place and N Craig St. You won't be disappointed... Basic deli meats are a 2-3$ dollars more expensive (likely higher quality)  than Giant Eagle but their specialty homemade items are worth trying. Also have a few pastries, nontraditional sodas (boylan, Mash), and other snacks that you can't necessarily find at 7-eleven.
3	This is a nice deli to drop by for a sandwich during lunch. The Deli is located further away than many other delis/sandwich shops in Oakland, so the Deli is not packed with college students during lunch hour; rather, it has a mixture of older professionals and some students.There is a television located in the dine-in section, so you can catch up on the day's news.
3	Wow this place is expensive! I got a veggie sandwich and small salad... for $12!!! WHAAAA.It wasn't bad tho... too much hummus, but not bad.
4	I'm surprised to see all the hating on this deli.  I like it.  They have really good sandwiches.  Nothing fancy, just traditional deli food.  They pile it on, the meat is good quality, the potato salad is delicious, and I have had only friendly service.  It is not cheap nor do I think it is a rip off.  It is in a convenient location for me and a solid standby when I'm hungry and looking for a quick meal.
3	Stopped in here for a quick lunch meeting today.  Had the special, a BLT wrap, which came with some chips and a coke.  The staff was friendly, the food came quick and the prices were a bit high, but not unreasonable.  They have a seating area, which is nice for a deli/bodega.  The wrap was very good and just right portion wise.
1	RUDE!  That is the most positive thing I can think of to say without swearing! RUDE! Shouldn't deal with people there!
5	Great lunch and breakfast sandwiches, and they have an interesting (in a good way) selection of bottled and canned drinks. Really clean, and service is great. Seems family owned.
