5	Vintage is a great place!  It's very comfortable and not pretentious like many wine bars tend to be.  The couches are great places to relax with friends, and the decor is very comfortable and warm, and includes Biltmore wine barrels.  I also love that while it's a wine bar, they don't exclude their beer-loving brethren.  They offer a lot of GREAT local microbrews in bottles.Vintage is a great addition to the already fantastic Brevard Courtyard, and a nice change of pace from the other sports pubs in the area.
4	Great location...Very comfortable and low-key.  Great spot located in Brevard Court!
3	We checked out Vintage last night and I can't say I was impressed. It was downright cold in there! We draped our coats over our laps but that still didn't offer much relief. The venue is sort of stark - iron bars as decor and stiff black leather couches, combined with the chill in the air, it was not very welcoming. Service was friendly and efficient (although we were two of four people in the place). They were out of more than two options on an already very small   tapas-style menu. The blue cheese fig panini we ordered was lackluster. The bread wasn't very high quality and I thought the flavors were a bit too sweet for me personally. I thought it was very strange that our server actually told us that no one orders that and the cook was shocked when he gave him our order... not a good sign!I did appreciate that our server took the time to ask how the food was and asked us for honest feedback, which we gave. He did say he would take note of the bread for next time and possibly add some arugula to the panini. I will say the wine selections were priced great - and we did enjoy our bottle.I think with a better atmosphere and food this place could earn some more stars in the future. I'll check back in a few months.
3	A little small for entertaining groups of friends or people watching, but ideal for small chats and drinks after work. The wine selection is very good, so too are the price points. The cozy leather couches, old school blues/country/soul music playing on the ipod places Vintage a notch higher than the other bars at Brevard Court.
4	This is a tiny little gem of a bar tucked into a classy alley (Brevard Courtyard) with several great local restaurants and a Subway. It is a small, intimate space, ideal for a pre- or post-dinner beer or wine. They have a TV for game day, and a very small space to stand or sit. When they're not crowded, you'll get the extended attention of a skilled bartender/ wine steward who knows how most of the available selections compare. They seem to have a carefully-chosen selection of good, reasonably priced wines and will serve by the glass or the bottle. Bottle prices essentially provide four glasses for the price of three.We stopped in there last night and shared a bottle of Donati Claret that we will probably order again. We tasted another claret that was also very good, along with a couple of great Chiantis. They feature a good selection of tasty beers as well. Last night, they had a keg of a mint-flavored wheat beer that we tasted and will return to sample again. It was very unusual, very drinkable, and reasonably light.This place should be a lot busier than it is. Go help them out and stop in next door at the adjoining restaurant. Next time, we'll have to do the same.
4	This is my hang when I'm looking for a spot that's not too noisy and I want to catch up with some friends.  NoDa beer on tap (as well as some regional bottled beer) and some decent bottles of wine, all at good prices.  The best night to come hang out is definitely Tuesday.  Dana is probably one of the coolest bartenders in town and the dj spins some pretty good tunes (though he has a long list of "no plays" that include Journey, Creed and a host of other really shitty bands).
