4	This Michaels location is within the Tempe Marketplace shopping center.  It's off the McClintock entrance, which makes it easy to get in and out of, without having to cut through the mall.  I wanted to give them 3 stars, but I am feeling generous today, and gave them 4 stars since I do save some $$ with thier coupons.Ok, so I am a scrapbooker at heart, but also like to frequent these stores for other forms of home decor for my place.  This time, I was in Michaels for some decorative flowers, along with maybe some fabric as well to go over the blinds in my apartment.I found the flowersI needed here, but not the fabric.  :-(  bummer.The store is set up nicely, with most stuff sectioned off.  Baskets in one area, framing in another, scrapbooking off to one side, etc.  you get the point.  Bonus for having some form of organized layout.  I dig that.They were having an amazing discount on some candles, plus, I used a coupon I had gotten in the mail, and it saved me a bunch of $$.   The best part of Micheals is that they send out coupons just about every week.  If you know you are going to be doing some shopping there for anything, check your mailbox before you do.The complaints that I have about Michaels are the following.  First, this location does NOT sell fabric.  Its not the first Michael's store that I have found that doesn't.  I was upset, becuase that means I have to do another trip to a store if I had really wanted to get fabric for decorating.  I mean, most of the Joanns sell fabric in these parts, why cant they?Secondly, the isles feel cramped and pushed together.  At times, it can be hard to navigate if you have more then one other person shopping in the same isle.  Don't even try to push your cart down the isle if someone else is there.  Thier literally wide enough for one person to squeeze down.  yuck.  I like my space.  It almost makes me feel like I need to take turns to look at stuff.Anyways, I will always recomend Michaels, but to be honest, I would rather go to Jo-anns ETC as they are far superior then Micheals in my crafty opinion.
2	Why do craft stores always smell like cinnamon? Maybe there's some scientific study the Michaels people commissioned where they found that the "Scent of Christmas" causes otherwise sane people to spend obscene amounts of money on those rubber stamps and scrapbooking scissors. I don't know but it freaks me out.It also makes me sorta hungry. But what it doesn't do is make me want to buy anything. And the woman in a cat hair-covered black velour tracksuit blocking the yarn aisle ain't helping things either.
4	-Nice store.-$1.00 bins with lots of good items to select from (not junkie).-Quick check out.-Good location.
4	love michaels! the staff is always helpful. everyting is always clean and kept organized so you can easily find what you are looking for.
4	i like the michaels over on indian bend a bit better. this location seems a little less well-laid out and not as warm and cozy as our other Michaels. but it has the same stuff all the other ones do.
4	Usually when I have gone to a Michael's Arts & Crafts store I leave screaming and running for my car. Just because of the over whelming amount of crafty people and how small and tight the aisles are.... this one, not the case. The aisles are nice and big, the departments are all labeled with giant signs hanging from the roof, very easy to see. I was able to get in, out and on my way with no issue and in less than 20 minutes. Only complaint I had, the maze they make you go through to check out is a little obnoxious and I inevitably ended up grabbing two impulse buys, grr!
1	This MIchael's sucks!  We were there Friday night to get a few craft items for the baby's room.  I also needed some items to make my baby shower favors with.  It was pretty busy when we got there.  BUT was there a team member around to answer questions?  NOPE!  2 workers were in the store...TOTAL....from what we saw.  After trying to figure and locate eveything on our own...with no luck.  J and I dropped all the items we had and left.  We should have just made the drive to JoAnn's in scottsdale.
2	From my Facebook page where I have many subscribers and 800+ "friends". "Dear Michaels at Tempe Marketplace, I am breaking up with you. You keep me waiting too long every time I want to give you my money. We are done." Additionally, Your store is always a mess, the line is slow moving, there's never anyone to help if you need to find something and your selections are always picked over. Today was my 4th and final visit to your location. I take issue when a business putsme "on hold" as i wait to give them my money.
4	I've said before that I'm a fan of Michaels, and it's totally because A) I'm a fan of crafting and B) I am super susceptible to the power of suggestion.  After one walk around a Michaels I'm ready to learn how to bead my own jewelry, start knitting, decorate a cake, reframe all my artwork, update my home decor and create an abstract painting.  I just get excited.Michaels as a company used to have a reputation for being small, messy, confusing, etc.  The newer stores are a big step up from that, and the older stores are trying to be improved by corporate.  This one is new enough that it feels open, it's intuitive, and unless it's the holiday rush, it's fairly clean.  I drive to this one from my home in Chandler just to avoid the location right down my street.Customer service is so-so.  I have no major complaints, but I doubt the employees are greeting every customer or following all of the other handful of guidelines I know they have.  On that note... I have some new glassware on which to go pour glitter!
5	I'm not sure why this Michael's has such bad reviews, but this is one of the best Michael's I've been to in terms of organization, wide aisles, & a nice/new store setting. The interior feels new, the aisles are wide, and everything is stocked & organized well! The latter quality is a hard one to come by at most Michaels. The people working there are friendly and it wasn't hard to find someone to help. I've had to get help with someone getting a ladder to grab items off high shelves and looking throughout the store for a specific item, and found both associates very friendly and helpful. Lastly, there is just 1 line into all the cash registers so you don't have to deal with old ladies just walking up to separate registers instead observing 1 honorary line...Love this Michaels!
1	Was here yesterday and the girl running the registered rushed us saying that the cash register was timing her and that we had to hurry up and put everything on the counter. Dont understand why she couldnt start ringing up the things we had up there. First time i have ever been so rudely rushed to be checked out of a store. Absolutely no customer service.
1	Last visit was not fun.  I needed help in the paint isle and the two employees in the area wanted to have a conversation that I had to continually interrupt to find this or that etc. and they would even stand on tippy toes and point out the direction of what I was looking for rather than showing me so that they could get back to their juicy conversation.  Hey ladies when customers come in could you please just fake it like you are helpful.  That might even get us out of your face sooner so you can get back to the gossip.
3	I'm pretty sure I go to this Michaels more than any other Michaels in the area because it's the closest one. I've had good experiences and bad experiences in here and that's just the way it goes in Michaels. I try to be cheerful and friendly to the clerks and hope that I will get the same back . I am disappointed that the selection of the Donna Dewberry One Stroke painting supplies has dwindled over the years, as have the Plaid Folk Art paints and brushes, and there are practically no classes held here anymore.  That's a shame because I do enjoy taking craft classes to learn new things. When you are in here be sure to hit the clearance aisle because it usually has quite a few things in it, and keep in mind that you can use only one coupon in here per visit but, depending on who has the highest coupon, it can be Michaels, Hobby Lobby or Joann's. It is not unusual for me too give away my Michaels coupon to someone else who is usually very appreciative, and use a Joanns coupon for 50 percent if one is available .  I have bought a lot of stuff in here over the years including the supplies I have found here to help me get started with knitting and crocheting as well as continuing my card making and painting.  I know the store so well people walk up to me and ask me where to find items and I can usually show them where the stuff is!  Where's my commission??
3	Oh Michaels, you so crafty. The way you trick me into thinking I need those $1 items, that extra stuffing, and maybe some beads for the bracelet I'll never make. Don't get me wrong, I love Michaels. I love crafting and creating something. However, lately I just don't have the time for it! I came to this particular Michaels on a mission for some felt for a specific project I was working on. Yes, I could have gone straight to the felt, grabbed it and left, but no... I had to wander the baking aisle, the knitting aisle, basically I went down every aisle just to see what was new and if there was anything I might possible want to do in the future. In the end, I left with more than I originally needed! That's okay. Just add it to the craft closet. You can be sure I will be back. This particular Michaels has the same layout as most I've been in and it is convenient since it is at Tempe Marketplace. The parking can be horrible, depending on the day/time but a little extra walking won't kill anyone.
3	It's a chain, so it's similar to the rest. I have been here a few times, and the customer service is pretty sketchy. I get the feeling they are trying to save money by not having a ton of staff at any one time. You kind of have that Home Depot feeling of being lost at sea, where you are pretty much on your own.The coupons are nice, and I have had cashiers offer to help me find coupons to save a few bucks, which is nice. I just wish they had more staff to help customers, most of the time I would spend more money- if only there was someone to answer a quick question.
4	Went Christmas shopping here this week and it had everything I need. Conveniently had all the frames I was looking for, in stock, and was able to get photo albums, stockings, and santa hats all in one place. Being located in Tempe Marketplace helps too. I will definitely be back to this location. Beware that parking is somewhat had to find during the holidays.
4	Checking out is usually kinda slow but the cashiers do honor mobile coupons which you can find right off their website. They normally have 40% off an item. Be sure to read the fine print though. A lot of name brand items are excluded.
4	I like Michael's because at least they Joann's in Mesa-Riverview area. (see my post on Joann's craft store for reference) even though when I bought scrapbook materials that I absolutely had to have, and my husband needed a glass vial for his personal project- the lady on the floor we talked to swore up and down there were no glass jars whatsoever (?) -'ahem! they were all over the freaking store lady! practically half the shelves had some type of glass decor!' and - even though the cashier forgot to put the scrapbook in the bag- (yet charged me for it) it was ok. super speedy line though, I was in line less than 2 minutes, wow! luckily the scrapbook was on sale for 3$. I did get quite a few other items at great prices. I love their sales! still saved quite a bit.
4	Decent sized Michael's that is well organized and has an easy to navigate layout. The staff was really friendly at this location and we were passed by two different employees that both greeted us and asked if we needed assistance in finding anything.  Although we were unable to find everything we needed at this location the staff made an effort to assist us and they offered to special order it for us if we needed them to.  Overall: AIf we are back in the area and in need of some crafting supplies, we wouldn't hesitate to hit them up!
4	Now that my place is finally all unpacked and ready to start living in, I've uncovered all of my craft stuff which caused me to get the fever. With lots of new ideas in mind, I headed to Michael's. Their layout is pretty straight forward, the isles and shelves were well organized with no evidence of hungry crafters pulling things off and rummaging through them. I like to make jewelry so beads are my draw to Michael's. I'm going to make a suggestion on the bead merchandising that Michael's will never follow: it would be rad if they were organized by price. All the beads are color coated to match their price point but as a starving artist on the go it would save my time and brain muscles if all the price points were put together. Just an idea. I'm sure the brains at Michael's has a reason for doing it the way they do. The place was dead so no line for the checkout. Always nice to not have time to wonder if I've spent too much. The girl who rang me up was not interested in small talk which is okay I guess. I'm sure she was busy with something else but I always appreciate feeling like my purchase is important. Oh well.
5	I love the crafting supplies at Michaels. Is it just me or when you go down the aisles, isn't it almost impossible to not want to just grab a little of EVERYTHING to make all sorts of little crafty projects!?! I love this place. As such a wonderful added bonus, Michaels always has coupons online. So while I was waiting in line, I went online on my phone and pulled up the coupon. The cashier scanned the barcode on my phone and instantly, 50% off 1 full priced item. I saved $12.50 yaaaay.
1	Could the staff here hate life a little more? Smiling doesn't hurt. Not to mention I got bulldozed by several high schoolers.
3	I had not been to a Michael's in years. My experuence were all excellent.  Today I went in and it is an incredible store and extremely neat and clean Perhaps I am out of touch but found the prices outrageously high and left.
4	$1 Ribbon! And I made a wonderful Rose Ribbon Wreath with it... And there are always coupons available for this store. So happy! My crafty side is grateful!Everyone who works here is always so nice, helpful, gives ideas and walks around the store with you. A lot of other places just lead you to another person at the store because it isn't their section...Now.. with so many people working.. and peopel in the store.. Woudl it hurt to have more than one register open? I mean this might be a mind blowing idea but if your line is 6+ people and one register.... it might take a while.
3	The store is huge and therefore kind of overwhelming. Unfortunately, I couldn't find what I was looking for or someone to ask where it was located. I feel like I never can happen to find what I need at this location because of the sheer size of the store and the fact that it is usually so crowded. The checkout line can tend to be crazy ultra mega super long. Especially, on my last visit due to a 20% off your entire purchase in the ads that day. However, checking out tends to go crazy ultra mega super fast because they have multiple registers and actually had them all up and running! Hooray!:: cough, cough :: Ulta (a few doors down the way) :: cough, cough :: This was a huge plus-plus! Add a star. Having to call an employee on the sale's floor (Wait, there ARE employees hidden in that maze of a sale's floor??) to get a price for an items that was clearly similar enough to another item that it could have easily been priced the same. (FYI: In case, you were wondering it ended up priced the same. Oi.)Minus a star.Stop holding up your crazy ultra mega super long line and get me out of there crazy ultra mega super fast. It's why we like you.
5	This is my first time at this location, and it seems like a pretty well staffed and organized store.I especially loved their 50% off Hanukkah sale today.  Not many people around town carry Hanukkah items, so thank you Michaels for recognizing the needs of the Jewish people.  This made my holiday experience so much better and shopping easier.
3	Super busy location, not sure if I like that, but at least it is convenient. I love/hate the 1.00 bins, they always get you. Don't forget to sign up for their emails, they send out coupons you can either print out, or they take them right off of your smartphone.
