5	Simply put: The way a business should be run.  I have been using the Lakes Cleaners since I moved to Las Vegas and the work they do is exemplary.  The owner's name is Carol and she couldn't be anymore sweeter.  She doesn't just dry clean clothes, but she honestly takes a genuine interest in all her customers.  Not only does she remember whats going on with me, but I see her have these kinds of conversations with everyone who walks through the door.  The Summerlin/Lakes community is lucky to have this gem of a place serving it. Her prices are reasonable and, her turnaround times are efficient and the attention to detail is amazing.  You cant really see the Lakes Cleaners from the street but its in the plaza at Sahara and Durango behind the Subway and 7-11.  Once you find it however, I can honestly say you wont go anywhere else.Going to the cleaners isn't a task or chore when visiting the Lakes, its one of the highlights of my week!
4	I have used the Lakes Cleaners a few times now and have had nothing, but good experiences.  They have quick turn around with laundry in by 9 out by 2 and have drive up service.  No problems thus far.  I would definitely recommend them.
3	Had a problem with one of my bags on a trip to Vegas. So had to get some clothes cleaned in a hurry.  Maybe I am a little spoiled were I live as usually have a pretty quick turn around.  Best I could do here was 36 hours.  Which wasn't too big of a deal, but then asked how much it was going to cost and was told it would be $17.   Then when I went to pick it up it was $20.  Not going to argue about $3, but when your in business you would think you would know your prices.  Will probably never need to use again, and for $25 could of used the hotels laundry service. The clothes were cleaned well and also folded nicely.
4	reliable and dependable. what more can you ask for in a dry cleaner.
3	Used my dry cleaning coupons from the entertainment book in the past years for laundry shirts. Not no more so just stick to all the cheaper same quality shops down Sahara or durango. It will cheaper on your wallet and same if not better quality.
