3	The dumplings are pretty good and are all handmade in the back. They have a limited selection daily so be sure to check with the front what dumplings are available that day. So far I've been here twice and have had the Deep ocean scaled fish dumplings and the Beef dumplings. Both were quite tasty. Each time I've gotten Combo #1 which is the price of congee+dumplings and they throw in a free dish of pickled vegetables. The dumplings come in two sizes (12 and 16 pieces). The framework of the business seems to built on their organic and fresh ingredients. You can also get the uncooked dumplings to go and as far as I can tell they're $1 off the cooked price minus the tax. Overall its always good to have more selection into he UW plaza and the addition seems to be quite decent this time. My only complaint is the speed... It takes over 30min to get your order! Hence I'm knocking off a star for an originally 4-star review. For reference I came in during rush hour dinner dine in and lunch take out.
4	The food is homemade/authentic and you can tell. Definitely a breath of fresh air from all the MSG-flavored food in the other UW plaza Chinese restaurants.Would agree with the other review that the dumplings did not have enough soup/juice but they were otherwise perfect. Another thing is the menu is fairly limited in selection.
4	I love dumplings and these are no exception. It literally feels like your auntie visited and gave you some homemade dumplings.If you get a combo, you'll get some interesting (but watery) congee and some Chinese pickled vegetables along with your dumplings. Now, the vegetables are a strange topic for me. I hate mustard tubers with passion, but I will eat their's willingly. Even their eggplant (with hints of coriander) was good. Strange, but good. I think it's because it has flavour but not the kick in the face I was used to from the packaged kind. You might have to add sugar to the congee. They also serve a Chinese-style breakfast in the morning.Now, the language barrier is the main problem. Only one of them can somewhat speak English. The rest will call out your order number in mandarin. Sometimes, they will tell you something and it might sound blunt or rude, but I'm just gonna tell you right now that they're saying a literal translation of mandarin, which can be like that sometimes. I just want these nice ladies to succeed so bad - I'll even volunteer to clean up and clarify their menu for them. You can tell it's their first small business. Lots of kinks, but I hope it works out. Even their stoves look like something you might have back home.I went twice in the span of two days. They're so good, ugh I want some right now.
4	A healthy choice for lunch or dinner in the plaza! The dumplings are homemade and are very soft. I had the carrot + beef dumplings and they were quite delicious. The congee is fairly cheap at 2$ a bowl so whenever I have spare change, I stop by and grab one. Give the place a try!
5	People who know me, they know I love dumplings!  With the demise of New Asia Fast Food, there has been a hole left in the local dumpling marketplace.  But now there is Grace and Healthy Premium Dumplings and all is right in the world again!  I really enjoy their Pork and Kimchi Dumplings.  I can order 16 at a time and get my fill!  The nice people who run the place are really friendly, too, and although English isn't their native language (and I don't speak Mandarin) they have always made me feel welcome, and that, in addition to the tasty dumplings, is what brings me back again and again.  If you love dumplings too, you should give it a try, I believe that you will be glad you did...
4	What a nice new addition to the UW plaza food offerings!  Based on a review we decided to stop by yesterday afternoon and ordered some dumplings.  With no expectations, we were pleasantly surprised and thoroughly enjoyed our take out order of a dozen "deep ocean scaled fish dumplings with nappa cabbage and coriander flavour".Dumplings were boiled to perfection and served with home made hot sauce.   Delicious and not salty and no MSG.    There was no long wait.   About 10 minutes for our small order.  In the mean time,  we took notice of some interesting tidbits and trivia on how to achieve and maintain good health through the use of herbs and natural methods  Shop owners had all of this information displayed on some stylish wall art and posters.  This is definitely a place we will visit regularly for some healthy and tasty dumplings.  Prices are very reasonable and the service was wonderful.  Owners were polite and appeared to be appreciative of our patronage.  Restaurant is new and very clean.  There's nothing comparable to this in the Waterloo Region.  Anyone working in the natural health industry or patrons looking for vegetarian and healthy eating options should check out this place.  You'll like it.
4	The dumplings are amazing and they taste homemade. I wish the portions for the included salad were bigger. The congee and steamed buns are great too. Unlike many of the restaurants in the plaza, I don't feel like I'm dying after I eat there. Great value too!
5	So it's been a few weeks since I've been back and they made a few changes. The most important one being the addition of Kevin, the owner's son. He is a super nice kid and speaks fluent English so the language barrier's gone. Yay Kevin! Kevin explained to me that they updated a few of their congee recipes to be less watery - they read their yelp reviews and take them pretty seriously. They also added some buns to their menu. We tried the marinated beef one and the filling inside shocked me at how good it was. It tasted like it could be a dish on its own that people would order. One thing that deters me from buns is the soggy bottom that you sometimes get from steaming them and they don't have this at all! The dough is obviously handmade and tastes different from the super sweet buns you'd get in the frozen aisle. A pleasant change - it feels like you're eating real food. Even their homemade chili oil is amazing, I just want to smother everything in it. A little tip: their dumplings and congee are surprisingly good for a hangover.Overall, I'm really glad there's a place for more wholesome options in the plaza. The walls are now adorned with plaques that tell you about the ingredients and preparation methods they use in their dishes, which reinforces that they strive for healthy but delicious food. I can't wait for school to start so I can go back again. And if you do go, say hi to Kevin :)
4	We tried this little place on Tuesday evening.  What a pleasant surprise.  The decor is clean and inviting, the staff is friendly and welcoming (Kevin).  We ordered the Seafood Congee (just had to try it!) and the beef and carrot dumplings.  The dumplings are delish - home made, tender, delicate, juicy and flavourful.  Best of all there is a supply of condiments, chilli oil, soy, vinegar and even sugar on the table so one can mix a dipping sauce to individual taste.  I love it!  The seafood congee is loaded with freshly cooked shrimp, scallops and fish.  Kevin told us they use a whole fish in it and make the stock themselves as well.  Can't wait to go back again and try some other items.  We're very impressed with their emphasis on good wholesome, fresh and healthy ingredients.
5	Although it is a bit pricey for just dumplings, they make up for it with great service and delicious dumplings!When i went for the second time, they were short on side dishes. So they made up for it by giving us two eggs and other side dishes. I think the service is outstanding and the environment has a very home-ish authentic feel to it.The dumplings are hands down some of the best dumplings I've tried. It is cooked perfectly and the skin is just the right thickness. The filling is delicious and tastes super good and healthy. I will definitely be going back to this place
4	Dumplings are exceptional + healthy. Probably the best quality dumpings I've ever had (I'm not the biggest dumpling person). Service was less impressive and slow. Would still definitely recommend trying it.
4	Had the napa cabbage dumplings which were absolutely delicious. The food came out kind of slow though and the service was hardly there. Also, dumplings only come in servings of 12 or 16 which honestly is like a light snack for most people.
5	Just an update. We've been back here at least 5-6 times now.  The dumplings are just delicious - Our favourite is the beef #4, but #2 (chicken is also great.  We tried the #1 congee recently which is a mix of many different grains.  What an interesting and healthy dish that was. We both enjoyed it.  My only criticism of the restaurant is the lack of vegetables on the menu.  The only veggies are salted ones - pickled?  Not very nutritious.  If they had a nice bok choy or other green dish on the menu we would be coming here even more often.  Sometimes I just feel like going on to another restaurant after to get a nice veggies dish to make the meal complete.  I do hope they decide to include some vegetable dishes on the menu.
5	It's hard to have fresh homemade dumplings in Waterloo, but G & H are very worth going. There dumplings taste just like what we can have in north china.
4	This is a really decent dumpling place. Its interesting how they found a niche offering students a healthy alternative to the greasy food you would expect from other Chinese restaurants in the area. Pros: good healthy option. First time i've actually tasted organic dumpling. Not many places have this option. Cons: small portions and they close pretty early. Conclusion: Will come back if I want a light snack.
5	This is probably my favorite place in the plaza. The dumplings are reasonably priced and taste really good. They aren't overly flavored and you can taste the simplicity in their ingredients, which is something I look for in my food. The workers are usually very friendly so that's also a plus.
