5	Dopest dope I have ever smoked. Great costume service ,cornucopia flavors, great vibes . This store we be around for a while
5	I've been to several vape shops and Vapeco. is by far the nicest inside. It's so modern and clean. My first day there, was actually Black Friday. I was greeted right when I walked in and a very informative gentleman named Kevin, I believe, helped me out.  I was interested in buying a few juices, so he directed me straight to their  "Juice Bar." There were so many! I wanted to try all of them. Kevin was extremely patient with me as I tried several flavors, and he seemed very passionate about each product. I only wanted to buy 2 juices at most, and left with 5! I have a vape that I bought prior, and I wish I would have waited until Vapeco. opened. I am for sure putting the "Themis" on my Christmas list! If you're an experienced vapor or are just starting to vape, this is the place to go!
5	Vapeco is clear across town from my house. Still, seeing as they're new i decided to stop by. I found the place quick and easily. From the outside, the front of the store doesn't look like there would be a decent size shop on the inside. I stepped inside and i was immediately caught in the ambience.  I arrived at around 11 to noon so i wasn't expecting too many visitors. I was greeted with friendly and happy smiles, which I like and also mention in a lot of my other reviews of Vape shops.  I looked around at their products displayed so very neatly in their showcases and found some very good products. They carry a small handful of clones alongside legit mods and rba's. One that i should mention that i have NOT seen at any other vape shop are the Titanide Themis'. A sleek and very fancy looking mechanical mod made in France. Google and you'll see. From what I was told/remember is that the titanide Themis is made of titanium and jewelry grade Gold, which i find very unique. This isn't a mod review so i'll leave it at that aha. Though i find this mod a unique touch to their mod selection.Other devices i saw in the shop were the provari, z-atty, Nimbus, Prometheus, k600 and for clones i saw a kayfun 3.1 clone, nemesis clone, and the last i can remember is the nimbus clone. I know there are more in the cases though.As for their juice, i only remember a few brands off the top of my head, Ultimate Vapor, Vape Craving, Five Pawns, and Hollywood(?). I've tried five pawns before so i skipped those and tried others. Some were good but most i tested weren't to my liking. Prices are/were typical to what i was expecting. The method of which you test are by request and served through an iclear16 if i can recall and for five pawns through protank 2(?), OR i think to drip. Now to talk about their shop and how it looks. I can't say how much I like how clean and neat everything is. The tasting bar's countertop is a nice and clean type of metal and also lit on the bottom with a nice bluish light, I can imagine the shop would look pretty cool at night. The showcases are I believe for show only, as they don't touch them and if someone wanted to see a device or accessory they pull them out from their "customer display" stock. I find this a good idea. Everyone working their are very friendly and i don't have any complaints whatsoever. If I didn't live so far from their shop they would see me more often. But for my first visit, I was very impressed with their store, their service and friendliness, and products. A must-go-to shop if you like meeting new people and checking out a new local shop!
5	I've been shopping around making phone calls to certain vape shops in town looking for specific MOD's RBA's and juice..... When I call some of them even have to look in their own cases to tell me what they have in stock, It's your store how do you not know what you have?.... Some of them haven't even tried all their juices, some of them just don't know anything about vaping there just clerks at a store.....I'll tell you that I called almost all the vape shops in town there are few exceptions and they are good, some are better than good.... But when I called VAPECO.... I asked about what they had in store?.... The guy that answered the phone snapped into it very enthusiastically told me about their store..... Very knowledgeable and quick to point out that they have some exclusive things that nobody else in town has.... He also made it a point to ask me what type of equipment I had and what level I was at as well and what brands of juices I use, He recognize the brands and told me what they had in stock and invited me to the store.... "Come down and check out the store hang out a bit and try our juices"now I could just head on down there, it is on the other side of town from where I live.... But I've been looking around for a really good and unique store to shop for my next mod's so just based on their customer service that I received on the phone, I hopped in my car drove all the way from anthem to their store.... And it was totally worth the drive.... I was pleasantly surprised it's a beautifully designed modern store seemingly focused on quality over quantity.... A very well laid out floor plan and a really nice stainless steel juice bar!.... It reminded me of an Apple Store.... Very clean and concise!.... I was greeted immediately as I walk to the door by the whole staff.... I was shown a few new things there like a French MOD I haven't heard of before, called Titianide it's all titanium, the Themis named after a Greek goddess.... It is sexy!..... I swapped some build stories got some good advice too..... I picked up some juice and some build supplies and was offered a sample of bio wick to try as well!....If you're looking to get started with vaping or if you are already an advance builder VAPECO, has pretty much everything you're going to need.... Including a great staff to help you along the way.... I'll definitely be going back!!!....
5	Best Vape Shop in town, All of their products are top of the line in quality even clones, great selection of juices, and awesome/clean shop and customer service. Great pricing.
5	Very nice looking store. Over 80 flavors of juice from multiple makers. Good selection of batteries from multiple manufacturers. Friendly service.
5	Needed a quick Christmas, gift, my go to shop was closed, so did a quick search on Yelp and found this shop. Spoke to Greg and was very helpful. Found what I needed and their prices are very reasonable! New shop, great customer service, go and find out for yourself ;)
5	Great vape shop in Las Vegas !!! Little off the strip but worth the drive. Cleanest shop ever!!! Must visit.. Liz is a amazing person. Held the floor down even with us taste testing the whole time!!! They also have some unique items. Like a rare mod from France I believe looks awesome worth checking out!!
5	I picked up a new mod today.... I've been looking at it for a while.... I got a sentinel V4 SS.... Kevin and Greg went out of their way to help me, they saved me one even tho they only had two in stock.... Always the best customer service!!!....
5	I heard about this shop from a friend and decided to pop on by. I have 2 vape shops less than a 3 minute drive here and the 20 minutes it takes me to get here is worth it every time! My first visit I was greeted very friendly and with not a bit of the "know it all" attitude that has infected some local vape shops. Kevin helped me decide on my very first mechanical mod and he set it up to perfection. I went home happy and was blowing clouds all over the place. Though the next part is where this shop really shined. 3 days later my battery stopped working. I was thinking I would go back and experience a lengthy repair process but after a short inspection they simply exchanged it with a new one without a problem. These guys are the best! Thank you.
5	Happened to find Vapeco while driving down Sahara quite by accident! Glad I did too. Excellent store with a great, professional atmosphere. They have a great product line, professional staff that was more than happy to help. Needless to say, I've found my Vapor Shop. u received a freebie for writing this review, or if you're connected in any way to the owner or employees.
5	Great prices and funky flavors. Owners are onsite and super helpful. Great vibe for vaping necessities. Bonus Email rewards program.
5	Vapeco is the best vape shop in Vegas! I just got my first mechanical mod from them and I couldn't be happier. The staff was extremely friendly and informative. They helped me so much and were totally welcoming and patient with me as I made my decisions, with my build and flavors. Huge selection of e-juice and very great selection of mods and devices. Beautiful shop, very clean and modern. Very professional and all about people quitting smoking, which is the most important reason to vape! Basically I'll be returning to vapeco for all my vaping needs and wants. They earned my business and I will continue to support this shop. I've been to others that seem so sad now that I look back. Vapeco put every other shop I have been too, to shame.
5	The customer service was top. Taylor helped at the juice counter & answered all my questions (believe me-I got a million!). Kevin helped my husband with a rebuild on a tank he purchased. We left happy & satisfied customers!  Next time in town, we'll take the drive to visit again. Thanks Vapeco!
5	I've visited close to a dozen vap stores in the area and Vapeco is hands down the best. The experience here is WAY above any store I've visited.  The store is clean, cool, like another reviewer said, kinda like an Apple store. It's very welcoming, and friendly. They're a little pricier than average in the area. That being said, they ONLY carry quality products. No no-name products or questionable liquids. They only sell brands that use FDA approved ingredients. And they inspect the companies manufacturing before they sell a new brand!  Plus they have more than double the selection most stores have. Customer service is A+!  It's family owned, everyone I've met so far are all super informative, friendly and professional. It's a no pressure experience. You can try it all before you buy.  Sitting at the bar, they give you a menu and notepad. You need to take notes because they have tons of flavors and are happy to let you try as many as you want. Tell them what you like and don't like and they're awesome to give suggestions of what to try. They have an email discount program too which is an added bonus. Vapeco is by FAR the best around.
5	Was in the neighborhood and yelp the location .It was a good turn out. Met Kev and he was cool and down to earth. He was real informant on types of mods and help find the juices I was into. I finally narrow it down to my final mod and my go to juice.Thanks for the hospitality and will be coming back again to re-up on my juices!
5	Very classy. A refreshing atmosphere from some of the other dingy vape/ head shops in the valley. I was greeted with smiles from the staff and a huge variety of vapes! Quite a few models I've never seen before. Definitely worth a visit.
5	I have been vaping for 2 years now and I have been 100% loyal to Sin City Vapor for many reasons.  They were good to me, I quit smoking, they went out of their way to meet my needs etc.  I didn't care that their shop is a bit of a "pit stop"and not fancy b/c it got the job done.  Most importantly, i didn't know or want to know what I was missing in the Vape community...Until now. I use cinnamon bc of the throat hit... I started looking online and realized... there was an entire world of vaping I had NO knowledge of.  I have spent and Im not kidding ... over 5K in my Vape accessories...(I've replaced 5 Provaris').I was looking for some new juice, and turned to YELP for some Vape Shop suggestions.   I read a few pages of reviews on yelp...Vapeco had outstanding reviews.. I always turn to yelp... and I'm glad I did... there were only 12 reviews but they were convincing.  Vapeco was in reasonable distance from home.. and carried some "elite names" (in juice) amongst bloggers I'd been researching..that other Las Vegas stores did not. so i popped in after work.  I read in the reviews how beautiful and classy the store was.. how friendly the staff was.. and how this wasn't your average vape shop.  I didn't have much to compare it to.. But it was.. all of those things.I was greeted by Greg the owner...offered coffee, or ice water.. the store was immaculate and modern...but still warm.  I sat down at the juice bar, told him my story as we sampled juices. Greg and his staff...took a year of traveling to different  cities... popping into different Vape shops...to find out what works, what doesn't, what was a great idea, what is garbage..what products are the best...and brought them to the drawing table to develop Vapeco.  They carry a few select  lines of juice that you can't buy/are very hard to find in Las Vegas.  The products.. are the best of the best.. in every price range... from your starter kits... to your advanced models.  The Five Pawn juice, blew my mind.  While sitting at the juice bar, Greg and I swapped stories.. as did a guy (Jay i think)  who drives all the way from N LV just to come to Vapeco...he said.. "he has 2 friends who OWN shops.. and he still comes here."  This store is different, its the best quality at every price point.. which I love... I can buy a 10$ bottle of juice or a 25$ bottle... and know Im getting a "safe product" from the US.Their reward program.. is INCREDIBLE... almost dumb.  on your 5th visit to Vapeco... you receive 20% off your purchase.. you can buy whatever you want.. it's not limited to juice, etc. HOLY SHIT.. they want your business, they treat you like family.. and it is one of a kind.  I suggest you go in there...check it out.. they opened my eyes... I have been Vaping at 18mg...Greg showed me a drip tank for my Provari with a THROAT HIT so big... i would only need 6mg nicotine.  No one has even suggested this to me...LONG winded review.. sorry... Vapeco is on point.. GO NOW.. tell them "River" sent you! xoxRiver
5	I don't even know where to start.. I could honestly say I stop by, at least once a week for my liquid and mods. Always up to date with newest mods and accessories. Most of the time I stop for juice or I either leave with a new drip tip or a new mod or something.. I swear. They carry clones and authentic products. You can either ball out on some legit stuff or some good clone mods. These guys know how to build also, I like to build my own own set up (cause I'm a beast lol) but when I get lazy or I don't have time I trust these guys. This shop is really clean, always play some good tunes, (pandora) sometime if you're long enough they play a good set from music festival and such. Really friendly, sometime too friendly, always cracking jokes left and right. Should check em out, and believe this isn't the only vape shop I go to, I probably visited most vape shop in Vegas.
5	I've been to many, many Vape stores and this one is by far the best. 1) It's always clean and the minimalistic design makes the atmosphere very comfortable.2) They offer a wide variety of juices and products. 3) The staff is incredibly nice, knowledgable and friendly. There seems to be a sense of rudeness when you walk into most Vape stores - arrogance, if you will - and this place has none of that. They'll never force a sale, and will take the time to make sure you leave happy.
5	The the staff is amazing and so easy to work with their prices are great you got to check them out!!!! I love them
5	Been vaping for a couple years, and I've got to say that Vapeco is by far one of the best vape shops here in Vegas. There's always a welcoming vibe in there and the staff is extremely friendly. They have over a hundred juice flavors to try out and test at their juice bar. I'd definitely refer any vapers to come and stop by this shop to check it out.
5	Although this shop is further away from my home than other vape shops; it is VERY MUCH worth the extra few miles. The customer service is absolutely the best in all of Vegas. All of the employees truly care about each and every single customer that walks through the door. If you don't know what it is you are looking for, they are more than helpful in asking questions to figure out what exactly it is you need and will work with you as long as you need them too. They will give you options and then let you decide for yourself, rather than try to just up-sell you for their own profits. The whole goal of their customer service is to make sure that you are happy with your purchases. If you know what you want they will get your items for you immediately. They have only the best fluids for your device and are always encouraging customers to sample the delicious flavors. The selection of devices are exquisite. VapeCo is most definitely the only place to go for all your vape needs.
5	I've been to a lot of vape shops in the Vegas area. I won't say this one is head and shoulders above all others, because there are a lot of stores with friendly staff, great selection and customer service. This store though is my personal favorite because they like talking shop to everyone who comes through the door, and carry themselves with a level of professionalism that I didn't see at many of the other locations.They are a great knowledge resource for starters and mod crazed veterans alike. Good selection of juices, shipped in not made in house. But personally I like knowing my juice is coming from a standardized manufacturing facility with good quality assurance practices and not mixed in house with less accurate methods of controlling chemical composition, nicotine content, and other unknown additives. I have two personal setups. My construction site daily is a VTR with an adjustable intake Aerotank to get the cigarette draw pull. Make my juice last a little longer at a higher nicotine content and have the battery last all day. Setup #2 is a standard cylinder mod with a kayfun lite 2, the one they adjusted the air intake on so it wasn't so restricting by adding a 2nd air tap. I got my 2nd setup here after going to multiple places and reviewing what options were out there. This place has by far the best tanked rebuildable-coil atomizer selection and comparable pricing to everywhere else. I'm not a drop person, always on the go so I like my setups neat and easy to carry without lugging multiple objects around with me.If you're nearby or are interested in a quality shop with a great selection, competitive pricing, and a cordial staff who are always willing to talk shop with you, I'd suggest you stop by and take a look for yourself.
5	I have been vaping for about eight months now, and while I love vaping, I hate going to vape shops. My experiences with vape shops prior to today have been as follows: feel like I'm in "dazed and confused" or a 50 cent video. I either get asked vague questions while my own questions get entirely skirted, or am completely ignored so staff can make inside jokes and blow the hugest vapor clouds ever with their personal friends. This was NOT so at Vapeco.Kevin was a very attentive listener to my needs and where I stand as a vaper. I am not someone who has gotten into the hobby of building mods or getting into the more technical aspect of vaping, all I care about it getting a nicotine hit with minimal fuss. Kevin was respectful of this and did nudge me towards the "itazte MVP" box ...something I thought I would never do! He really took his time to show me how to use it, how to fill the new tank I bought, and did not rush me through trying out new juices. The business is family owned and every employee has a background in business which lends to the professional feel of this shop and the high level of service.  They also go out of their way to fully vet any juice they carry to ensure that it's ingredients are safe. So happy that Yelp led me to this place and even happier it is so close to home. This is my new place for all my vaping needs!
5	As good as it gets!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!Forget any other so called juice shop and go straight to Vape Co.
5	So as soon as you walk in this shop it is a cut above the rest. Nice, bright, clean, and minimalist design lend a great atmosphere to this business that most Vegas Vape Shops are missing. Being greeted by the employees as soon as I walked through the door even though they were all currently busy with a customer sends a nice signal as well. Keep in mind that the item I purchased was under $20. What I walked into the store for was a iGO W drip atomizer and what I walked out with was much better. After I told Kevin(who is awesome) what I was looking for, he showed me around to all the different RDA(Rebuildable Drip Atomizer) and let me know my options. After I told him the price range I was looking for, he showed me some cheaper options but confirmed what I had already researched(after I asked him specifically), which that this piece was the best bang for my buck. Let's buy it.Next step he tells me that the current drip tip that I had was going to burn. Then He allows me to test this before deciding to purchase my own by letting me use his mod with my drip tip, and low and behold, he was right.After he is done building it, it turns out that all the material was different from my RBA tank I was currently using and gave me some extra building material free of charge. Even further, The current vape I was using was a 18mg solution that when I hit it with the new RDA just floored me. So what does good guy Kevin do? Hands me the rest of his juice for free so I can enjoy the vape with tolerable nicotine levels(by the way his juice was incredible not to sweet, smooth, with great flavor). If you are looking for a top notch place that is clean and a little more trendy without the pretentious nature, this would be your spot. I will be coming back to this spot.
5	VapeCo rocks! Staff is extremely polite and knowledgeable. Great selection of flavors and high quality vapor supplies. Definitely on another level when it comes to "vape" stores. Their showroom is very nice and always super clean. Have been sending people here for months with all of them thanking me after their visit. If you vape this is your place!!
5	was recommended to this place from my regular vape shop to pick up a particular battery for my mod. from the second we walked in we were greeted from a courteous staff, the stores lay out was nice and just had a comfortable feeling. my transaction took a matter of seconds and i was on my way out as a happy customer. tho i have a different regular vape shop i frequent i have to show some love to vapeco, definitely check them out.
5	Pretty awesome place, great/helpful staff, and it smells really good in here lol. They have a lot of flavors and different mods to choose from. Got some help from Dylan and Diego today. Would definitely recommend this place to anyone. Stop by if you're in the area!
5	Wow!!! about sums up this store they are so very friendly and take the time to talk to you about each liquid and you can vape them all. Being from Utah nothing comes close to touching this place where I'm from. And it was a relief that they'd take the time to rebuild my coils. When I'm in Vegas again I'll defiantly make the time to come back to this vape shop. A+!!! Thank you
5	Finally - A vape shop I actually enjoy going to!Everyone here has been incredibly friendly and helpful.  The juice selection is amazing and I really appreciate that they concentrate on curating great juices from reputable vendors, rather than trying to mix their own juices in a back room for extra profit.Great atmosphere, amazing staff, awesome loyalty program AND they helped me find my new favorite ejuice!  (Enterprise by Rocket Sheep is the BEST!  Seriously, you gotta try it!).Thank you Vapeco!!!!
5	Awesome vape shop. Friendly staff. Always a great experience. The store is super clean and they have a large selection of juices. Even though I'm in here only a couple-few times a month. They always seem to remember me.
5	Just went to this shop for the first time.  This place is the best vape shop in town!  The staff working there are super friendly and help you with any questions that you might have.  You can sample any of their huge selection of flavors and they are super knowledgeable about all vaping products period.  This is my new goto for all my vaping needs!
5	Honestly and hands down the best vape shop in Las Vegas.  I live in Centennial Hills and there are many vape shops around me, all within a 5 or 10 minute drive from me, but making the trip to Vapeco is definitely worth the drive.  The staff is among the friendliest and most knowledgeable that I have encountered.  I've been to other shops where the staff doesn't acknowledge you, do not expect that here.  They will make you feel really welcome here and you will definitely want to be back.They have one of the widest and most unique shops that I have seen.  There are no cheap house-made brands here, they sell QUALITY juices.  Over 200 flavors from different vendors... even some hard to find ones!  I got a bottle of Five Pawns Castle Long Reserve and all I can say is wow!  Made only once a year from a blend of vanillas and bourbons, it is worth it!  If that is your kind of flavor, tell them you heard it from me on Yelp.The loyalty program is probably one of the better ones that I have encountered.  Every 5 visits earns you a 20% discount on almost everything that you could want, I think the only exception is the high-end mods.
5	Great customer service and great juice to choose from.I've only been there two times but am going to be a regular customer.
5	This place is easily the best Vaping store in Las Vegas. I wouldn't even consider going to any other shop out there. Clean-cut expert staff members help out with recommendations all the time and everyone is always so nice! I don't feel like I'm in a smoke shop when I go here. I sincerely hope for the growth of this business and look forward to having one in the northern Vegas area. THANK YOU VAPECO!!!
5	Wow the store reminds me of an Apple Store with the aluminum bar and just the overall design. The staff are all great looking and know more about Vaping & mods than I thought was possible and I think they have every Juice flavor you could ever want! Not to mention they have amazing prices! I've been to at least five high-end of Vape  shops in Vegas over the last 2 years and since I started coming to Vapeco in August I haven't gone anywhere else since I found VapeCo. I highly recommend it. Just come try it out you don't have to buy anything you can try all the different flavors you want and there not pushy about sales you will want to buy something even when I just go for a re build I end up buying something lol
5	Staff is great and friendly. They will help you out with any question you have on auth. mods and clones. Honest guys who stand behind all the products they have in store.
5	I found this place here on yelp. Its cozy and warm. I love their juices. They have so many flavors and so many different brands. I really like the new flavor i got, watermelon delight. They are also a little bit cheaper than the other vape shop i used to go to. The people are friendly and knowledgeable. Diego is my son's favorite, and liz is such a nice person to talk to. This is my new go-to spot.
5	Really like this shop. They are at the upper end when it comes to selection, whether it's hardware or juices. They do carry product you're not going to find most other shops in town. And they're friendly to boot Keep up the good work guys.
5	Absolutely fantastic customer service! The guys are really nice and very knowledgeable on all of their products. I walked in and they took care of all my vaping needs!
5	Great service, very friendly and helpful...prices very fair and they are more than willing to help with any matter
