4	This was the first time I had ever been in a Walmart Neighborhood Market. This was a very clean and bright store! There were a few dozen people shopping; I was there around noon on a Wednesday. Some items had a terrific, low price and some were equal to other grocery stores. Nice selection of brands on the items where I was looking. Produce looked good and fresh. Parking lot was a bit confusing with construction and all the shopping carts running astray. I'll probably go here again.
5	LOVE it here! I used to go to the full-size Wal-Mart on 59th and Olive, but it was ALWAYS a madhouse, and let's face it: the neighborhood ain't the hottest, especially in the evening. Not only is this location more convenient for me, it is cleaner and not NEARLY as crowded. Another plus is that if you just need a couple items, you don't have to walk across a massive store to get them (and that's a good thing when you're seven months pregnant). Obviously, they don't have everything a regular Wal-Mart carries, but for your average everyday stuff, they do. Lines -- even on Saturday and Sunday are either very short or non-existent. And the parking is a breeze. Awesome!One funny thing -- they have those security carts where the wheels lock up if you go over the yellow line -- I wasn't paying attention to where I parked the first time out and I found myself with a locked up cart full of bags. So watch where you park if you have more than a couple bags or something heavy.
1	Just bought porkchops meat on 5.29.20011 and on 5/30/2011 when I opened the package it was RANCID!!!!!!!Took back to the store on 5/31/2011 and the lady was non apoligetic and refused to return my money when the meat was clearly marked with best use date and walmart wrappers. She would only offer me a gift card.NEVER A "I'M SORRY"...NOTHING. I will never shop here or any walmart again for meat!!!!!It was GROSS!!!!!
1	Don't understand why this Walmart higher prices I buy the same stuff at the other Walmart and this is a neighborhood Walmart and the prices are like two times higher what's up with that.
1	Christmas is here skip right over Thanksgiving.Pop in again I needed to find some Don soap I could not find any employees that were able to help me it's like they all disappeared I cannot probably be back I may if I have to but I will go somewhere else.
2	This is the closest market to my home and I've always loved the idea of a grocer that is easy in and easy out for those last minute items I need to prepare a meal. Unfortunately this is still just a Walmart. Just getting into a parking place is a struggle as every spot is tight (micro cars would do fine) and I'm amazed how many spots are occupied by carts patrons lazily leave un-corralled. I'm not a fan of shops that permit various organizations to confront you coming and going to make a donation to their cause by purchasing a no name chocolate bar or box of cookies. This seems a constant here.Inside the various departments from produce to Beauty and health seem poorly stocked and littered with abandoned carts full of products either going back on the shelves or not quite having made it there.The employees seem to be more interested in discussing with each other their plans for their day off, bad-mouthing management, other employees and even patrons. On top of this they seem irritated that you interrupt them to actually try to check out or ask for an items location.The bottom line is. This is a place I would never do my regular shopping at. It's just too sad and disappointing. However, to use it as a quick alternative in order to pick up 1 or 2 items I will likely grit my teeth and deal with it for the convenience.
2	The meat department is aweful. Where it is stored looks filthy. Also expired and brown meat put back on shelf for resale. Beware...
