4	Of all the PT's scattered about Vegas, I really think this is one of the nicest ones. It's clean, comfy, and there are a gazillion pool tables, all pretty well-maintained. The menu is pretty large, consisting of all sorts of anything fried, sandwiches, burgers, and wraps. I've never really gone to a PT's specifically to eat, but it's happened a handful of times that I've been in a condition where food has become necessary. The chicken Caesar wrap is pretty good, but it's packed full of croutons, which can make for quite a mess in your lap. And of your grill. The prices are reasonable, service is always friendly, and there's a juke box. I couldn't ask for anything more.If you make it in before midnight, say hi to Bubba. You can't miss him -- he's comparable to The Fridge. Sweet as can be, though. He'll take care of ya.
3	Glazed over the other reviews.  What about the cleanliness of this place?? Umm.... no.But it's awesome isn't it.  Pool tables.  Old drunkies at 2PM.  Sliders, fried wings, french fries.  Preps the stomach for a long weekend of drinking and overdosing on everything, in its own weird way.  The burger kind of reminds me of a Whitecastle burger.  A lot of locals come here.
3	Nice as she was, my great-grandmother smoked three packs a day and cooked chicken liver; this PTs smells like Grandma's place. Despite the smell, I hung out longer than expected.Our wings came in paper "buckets." I have never wanted to eat out of a bucket, but if I do, it shouldn't be disposable. It's doubly offensive. PT's wings are crispy, though, and the five of us had no problem finishing off the largest bucket size available. I ate the last one.Patrons should know that there is no fruit on premises, not even an orange slice for your Blue Moon, which is served in a big glass for only two or three bucks. Thank you, PTs. To top off our night, our waitress shared her marble birthday cake with us. With all the cake, food, drinks, conversation, and deadly smoke, I could almost feel Grandma Dye in the room. It was a good night.
2	This is one of those PT's stuck in the middle of a strip mall. It looks divey and sketchy from the outside. Inside, it is definitely a more rundown PT's, but otherwise isn't much different from every other PT's. And the karaoke set-up here is just odd - there's just really not enough room for it. The whole thing just feels awkward. When it comes down to it, though, I'd much rather hang at a different PT's.
4	Though I hate the smell of people dying from cigarettes, this bar is my favorite around the university area. Pool tables, sweet jukebox, beer pong tables, and a great staff. Bobby is probably my favorite bartender as of now. It is heavy on the smoke inside, but I get past it when hanging out with my friends here. They have amazing food, at least as far as what I have had. Pizza, wings, the chicken caesar salad and club sandwich is my favorite ! They may not have a huge variety of beer, they can make pretty much any drink you want. Bobby makes a pretty good AMF. Thursday nights are UNLV pride nights as well as karaoke night. Come in wearing any UNLV gear and you get discounts on drinks. Like $2 bud light for me last night! Plus get drunk and sing ridiculous songs all night. I cannot sing Summer Lovin' from Grease sober, that is for sure. Then everyday from 4-7pm and 12am-3am is Happy Hour. I really love coming here to just sit and have a beer some nights. It is chill and a favorite hole in the wall place in my eyes. If you go there as often as I do, you would want to request a Beer and Bites card. Reward card for food and drinks, as well as needing it for Happy Hour prices. Another rewards card to add to the collection of the one's I already have from every casino in town, no biggy. haha PTs, you may not be the most cleanliness place in town, but you have your style of attractiveness that lures people in.  I'll be seeing you soon!
3	I like the PT's chain. They have good beer and bar food, they cater to locals, and prices are fair. I've never really had a bad PT's experience -- but I've never had a great one, either. So let me tell you about my last trip to a PT's, the one one Trop/Maryland in the University neighborhood. I came here after the Runnin' Rebels game (Go Rebs!) as it's one of the closest bars to the Thomas and Mack. The place was cool, and there is clearly a lot of school spirit there. Our beers arrived nice and cold, and the $2 Coors deal was pretty good. My Jack and Coke was too weak for my taste, but that may be because I drink a lot. I ordered wings and fries to go along with my beer. The wings were nice and hot (temperature and spiciness) and the fries were good, too. The reason I'm giving this place three stars instead of four or five? It's really, REALLY smokey in there. They could do a better job of clearing some of that out with some air recirculators or filters or something. Seriously, you walk out of there with the worst aroma ever. My clothes smelled like I lived inside a Marlboro carton.  Also, the weak drink really brought me down, too. Also a con, the men's room contained two urinals, a toilet, and a sink... all in a room that's about 25 square feet. You could imagine the situation...Still, this'll be a place I might re-visit eventually, but not somewhere I'd be keen on bringing others. It's not cool.
3	Located in the corner of a strip mall right across the UNLV campus. There's probably a lot of UNLV students that comes here since the dorms are right across the street.Stopped by before the MWC semi-finals. There was a lot of UNLV fans getting their prefunk on, some New Mexico, San Diego St, and not a lot of Colorado St fans but everyone all representing. It was busy but they did an good job handling all the craziness.Typical neighborhood bar but a little older and maybe need a little touching up. There's the typical bar entertainment tvs, video games, darts, billiard tables, etc . Full bar and great friendly environment.Parking kind of sucks because the lanes right in front are one way and tight confusing when the lot is packed and people are  driving in the wrong lanes. Also it shares the lot with other businesses which were equally busy.
4	Quite honestly, the reason that I am a fan is that they have a lot of pool tables, they offer free pool on certain nights, and the bartenders, male or female, are always awesome. PLUS, I get this humongous beer for 2.50 during happy hour with my PT card. Or free if playing 5 quarters. Can one really beat this? Okay, maybe, but I still love this location of the PTs. The food is okay, but what do you expect? It's a bar.
4	four stars because they won't let you order just flat wingsRick ross said wing stop was the place to eat- wings---Wrong it's Pt's This is a place that me and many of my co-workers go after work or after a late night party Singing they thinking filet mignon, I'm thinking PT's Lemon pepper(jk)Lemon pepper wings are the bomb baby
3	Not a  huge fan of PTs . The food is good but I feel like you have to know the bartender and come in everyday to get good service. I asked for a simple cherry coke and he came back with no cherries. I had to ask for cherries in a cherry coke????I got the stink eye when I complained lol....well I do like cherries in my coke ! SORRY! I only nibbled on my friends plate so I don't feel the abilty to review their food to much lol
1	Where to start?  One and a half people working an entire bar and grill on a football sunday....table service early but we get ignored for the rest of the day...we wait at the bar for ever and place a food order...ask the half employee to put a game on and get a snarky 'after I put in the drink order!'  Dude finally comes over and puts all the same afternoon game on three tvs and not the one I requested..this place is absolutely horrible....if u like to order one drink and don't care about what game is on this place is awesome.  Nothing like having to wait and beg for drink and food and be given attitude...the woman behind the bar was doing the best she could but this dude in a Seahawks shirt is a dick....maybe our mistake for expecting what the website advertised.
1	As much as I love the wings here (which has had the price jacked up lately) this place just doesn't know good customer service. 20 mins to get drink that turned out to be the wrong order, very dirty bar that didn't look like it had been cleaned in the last 12 hours. Even more disgustingly dirty bathroom, and this was early evening, I can't imagine what this place looks like after it gets busy in the later evening. If the public areas are this dirty I can't imagine what the kitchen might look like. By far the WORST BARTENDER SERVICE EVER,,(or lack thereof) and this is based on at least 5 visits thinking it might get better..... forever to get a drink, if it is the right order it's watered down, then the check is wrong and the bartender gets an attitude about correcting the tab accusing me of trying to cheat him. As I ask if he remembered serving me cosmopolitans (which I hate and never drink yet had 4 on my tab) I remembered he couldn't remember I ordered crown/coke to begin with when I did order it. Oh yeah, and very little comp for playing $80 in, max bet on quarters and only got two drinks comped? Management really needs to overhaul the staff here big time. Used to be the pinnacle of service standards some years ago. Lots of pooltables is really the only plus here.
