4	I love the fact that this Dominos is in my backyard.  When Im in a pinch, to tired, or just flat out lazy, I order carry out from this location.Dominos makes all kinds of pizzas, and now subs too!  They make thier pizza quick, and you can order online, phone, or walkin.I walked in last night and placed my order.  The place was clean, staff was friendly and professional.  Those three things keep me coming back for more!I plan on returning to this location for more pizza in the future.
4	Dominos has been much better in recent years. Prices, like at all pizza parlors, could be better but the food is well made and good quality. Delivery time is reasonable and the online order tracker is useful for us impatient types.
1	I ordered the bite sized chicken pieces. There was a bone in the very first one I but into. It cut my gums up. I am very dissatisfied. Avoid this place,
1	To start, you know if you're going to Dominos that you're not expecting amazing pizza. You're just expecting to get pizza that reminds you of being a kid.....nostalgically delivered to your doorstep. The pizza is edible and it's quite like riding a moped (fun unless you get caught by your foodie-friends). I must say though, even with such low expectations of the food....the customer service at this location is downright TRAGIC!  I was actually told when I telephoned about my pizza being exceptionally late "we don't want you as a customer anyways". I wouldn't put my hard earned cash here....Who wants mediocre food AND crappy customer service?
5	Great service. I went online to place my pick up order. I arrived at the location and the guy was on the phone but smiled and waived. The guy making pizza immediately said hello and said they would be with me shortly. I told him I was picking up but they didn't have my order. I had a confirmation number on their website but I checked my email and didn't get a confirmation email so I must have not finished my order correctly. I have ordered online before so I'm not sure what I did, but clearly it was my error. He helped take my order and they made the pizzas immediately. He estimated 15 minutes but had the pizza out in just after 10 minutes. They were courteous and the service was fast. Great job!
1	I get that this is Domino's...but you guys really won't honor a coupon that you're advertising because your in-house poster doesn't have the same verbiage on it as the coupon?! Way to go Domino's! I called to ask why this coupon for a Large 3-topping Pizza, Monday-Thursday is invalid when I am placing the order online for delivery and was told it is for carry out ONLY. Although the coupon does not state this info anywhere in sight...?! It simply says "delivery charge may apply". Sooooo that means I can get it delivered. Please have a manager or supervisor contact me and explain this. Otherwise, you've lost our business completely and have been ordering from your location for over 4 years now. Unbelievable!
4	Ordered at 2:30 am and the food was out by 2:43 AM. I was sitting in my car and the nice friendly agent brought the food to me.  the food was delicious and the service was nice and friendly
