2	Food was fresh and it was a wonderful surprise that they had a full service Desjardins ATM near the entrance. However, the service left MUCH to be desired. I may be perfectly bilingual, but I consider it a matter of disrespect when someone doesn't even TRY to address me in my own language, especially when I am there are their customer. The cashier greeted me in french, and my english hello was met with more communications in french, I hesitated upon answering, but the cashier still did not switch to english. When I asked if I could have my lottos scanned she told me, again in french, that I would have to go to the other cash and that she couldn't do that, even pretending not to have understood her, she repeated herself in french rather than try in english. The guy bagging interrupted her and started to tell her how to do it and she cut him off telling him he was "over-complicating" things. I was met with the same no-english service as the "courtesy" desk. The lack of effort from the staff will result in me choosing to take additional means of transit to avoid having to shop at this location. Disappointing considering great service at other IGAs.
1	The prices are already high, you would think that at least you would get good service. The lack of pricing on the shelves or shelving covered up by goods means that you have to take items to the price scanner to find out the prices. Of course this only works with some items, since they have placed the scanner in such an awkward position as to prevent you from scanning bulkier items. When I gave up and asked the cashier to do it, she gave me attitude that the lack of pricing on the shelf wasn't her department. Sure, she's right... I'm responsible for their not putting out pricing tags. Some items scan at the regular price even when they are on sale, so how do you know if it's really $4.99 or the $6.99 that the scanner says it is? So many items were marked as "special of the week" and "manager's special" that I'm questioning if the pricing is just so high so that they can mark it down. We left with two items and drove to another store to do out grocery shopping.
1	The meat is old and rotten! Even the canned enchovies were rotten. The whole store is ROTTEN and overpriced.
1	I absolutely hate this goddamn grocery store! The are around St Henri is becoming more and more gentrified, bringing money and life into the piss poor neighborhood, and yet these assholes at Toppetta seem to be resisting it. The food is overpriced and almost always spoiled, the meat section uses all the cheats to make their meat look fresh; I have had meat that was glued together, and stunk to all hell. The cashiers are miserable miscreant who refuse to speak a word of English, despite the influx of Anglos and I now go out of my way to shop somewhere else and have good service and food that hasn't gone rotten.
