4	I made a reservation here for a conference not knowing that the hotel had locked-out staff. When I found out about this situation, I was more than upset that Sheraton had not posted this information on their website; they did post that the restaurant was closed! All of that aside, we have not really noticed anything that truely detracts for our stay. We are here for a conference and wanted a spacious affordable room that was clean and confortabe and have found that to be true. I love Montreal!
1	THIS PLACE IS DISHONEST TO FOREIGNERS. I didn't even want to stay here, but I couldn't get a bed & breakfast on short notice. Rooms were nice, especially the bathrooms. I did not receive the room I reserved, but it was promised it to me the next day. The next morning, the same person who promised me the room the night before admitted to not reserving it for me, but it happened to be still available. The WiFi access was terrible in the new room, not sure if it had to do with the floor I was on or not. The staff on average was very pleasant, but my checkout was horrible. I was told that the US dollar had plummeted the previous business day, which I found hard to believe, but given the current economy, I didn't question it. I trusted that people in a chain hotel would be honest when they converted my money. They converted my money in THEIR favor (which it definitely was NOT), and told me I still owed them more. In fact, if they did the conversion the correct way, they would have had to give me change, but they overcharged me $120 CD ($101 USD). I am currently in the process of having to prove they ripped me off and intend to get a refund. The only reason I didn't use my credit card is because the reservations agent advised me to use cash or travelers checks to avoid the exchange fee! I also had to tell hotel staff that I needed to sign the checks a second time after they put them away, and they said they would stamp the checks for me so I wouldn't have to write the hotel's name. Who knows if that's what they did.
