4	This is definitely one my favorite b&g style places in North Central Phoenix. The food is good and doesn't fake the funk: it is bar food in its most natural state, greasy and tasty. They have great happy hour drink and app specials and the staff is always friendly. The bar is broken into two indoor areas separated by a covered but outdoor patio inbetween them. The three provide more than enough space to kick back with a pitcher or two and some friends any night of the week. They have enough TV's for a bar three to five times its size so you can keep up to speed with any sporting event that is going on. Many a U of A/ Arizona games are played to wild crowds of alumni that frequent here, and it is always a good place to catch a Suns game.
4	This place is just THIS far away from being the place you want to go where everyone- knows your name.  For awhile, they knew mine.  Well, not so much my name as my drink (Coke w/ 2 limes).  She knew the names of the guys I went with and that was good enough for me.  Is this a destination spot?  Let me put it this way.  We would drive from work out by the Deer Valley Airport to come all the way down here say... 2-3 times a week?  TVs w/ all the sports, good food, good drink prices, friendly crowd, separate "bar" room vs Pool table room with outdoor patio for those of us escaping the smoke.  Awesome options.
4	Great food, great layout, attentive staff.Very good bar&grill - we go there at least twice a week for lunch.  Great for sports viewing and for pool playing.  Nice outdoor corridor area.
5	I LOVE this place. It's where I met my husband, lol. It is like the Cheers of Phoenix. Everyone does know your name, if you've gone there a few times. Always a smiling person greeting you. Not many stuffy people; everyone gets along (or they toss your rude butt out) and you can always find a pool or shuffleboard partner. Trivia is fun, too. They are always coming up with fun events based on sports or other games they involve the crowd with. This is a place you'll want to repeatedly return to. When you go, look for me! See you there!! :)
4	I can only comment on a Monday night because its the only time I have been, but this place seems pretty dang rad!I'm not a huge football fan, but this bar has an awesome Monday night football thing going on. Every time you buy food/drinks you get a ticket, and every time there is a penalty in the game, they call a number and if your ticket matches you get free food and drinks!They have a reasonable happy hour and the food is REAL good! I had the spinach artichoke dip and my friends had a variety of wings. Reasonably priced for a sports bar, as well.They have indoor and outdoor seating so you can do whatever tickles your fancy. Lots of TV's... pretty standard sports bar.The best part of all is after the Patriots destroyed the Broncos, we got to play BINGO. Yes, I said BINGO!!!! You get two cards per game, and they play three games. Winners got cool glasses, bar towels and cash.THe only reason I am not giving this place a 5 star rating is because the service wasn't that great. It wasn't awful, but there were definitely lag times between her coming around to our table.Fun, low key crowd and everyone was fun and lively. I'll definitely be back for Monday night football night!!!!!
4	This place is pretty cool.  Nice set up, people are nice.Food is pretty good for bar food and the mixed drinks are strong. I like how the bar is split... the tv side is separated by a middle patio for the smokers and then the other side is the pool, darts and other bar games.There's poker nights and other games too.Some places give me the heebie jeebies, but I don't get that from this one.
4	16th Street Sports Bar is a funny place. It's kind of like high school all over again in the sense that I went to Washington, had a lot of friends at Sunnyslope, and a lot of them come here. With do reason too, as it is more of an entertainment spot than a sports bar. The TVs are somewhat limited in comparison to other places nearby, but they have shuffleboard, darts, pool, video games, etc.The servers are all friendly, they have a great burger and beer of the month special that changes each month, and the food is better than average. Their prices are very fair as well.
3	Food is pretty good for bar food and the drinks are  rumored to be strong.   Great place to watch a University of Iowa game if you are in the PHX area.Looking for more Iowa Natives to review this bar, though.
4	16th used to be a ritual lunch place for a girlfriend and I. It's a good sized bar, tucked in the back of a nondescript mini-plaza. The crowd is Phoenix "diverse" -- blue-collars and insurance sales types. Trucks and mid-luxury sedans dot the parking lot.For pub fare, their food is quite good. The fish and chips are delightful, big pieces of fish fried puffy and brown. And the quesadilla is actually noteworthy, if not for the size, than for the chipotle sour cream served on the side. The service has always been prompt and friendly, and the atmosphere convivial. All in all a good spot for lunch or an after-work drink.
3	I was extremely hung over last Sunday when we stopped for lunch. Head spinning and everything. So my experience would have been better if I had been feeling better. My French Dip was so-so, but the side salad with Ranch was very good. I love when places put shredded cheddar cheese on a house salad. You don't see it very often so it's an unexpected surprise. I would order just that salad next time. Nico gave me a bite of his quesadilla and it was awesome. He got the beef one and it was tasty! He said the Bloody Mary was pretty good too. Quaint neighborhood type of place.  Wasn't very busy on a Sunday afternoon, but could be fun during a good game or evening with friends.
4	This place is a cool neighborhood bar. Lots of friendly folks and sports always on the tv's. It has an interesting layout, with two rooms separated by an outdoor breezeway where the smokers hang out. It's a bit of a bummer because the smoke gets trapped in that area and is not nice for non-smokers who want to sit outside. But that's the only negative. The food is good. Love the sliders. And they have a good selection of beers. Also, they're always playing something at this bar: poker, trivia, etc. Maybe it's just when I'm there, but there's always something.
5	Within stumbling distance from my house---which is very good since the happy hour is one of the cheapest in town.  The food is average bar stuff, but it's a really cool place.  Plus, they have one of those Dragon Punch machines which makes it 5 star in my book.
1	If I could give this place zero stars, I would, but I was forced to give one.My husband and a few friends used to come to this place every week on Tuesday night for Trivia. Every night, we would order food and at least one of us would drink.Recently, we showed up for our normal trivia night and upon asking what I wanted to drink I said water. It was cinco de mayo and I was probably going to have a drink, but hadn't made a choice yet. The waitress then told me that they are only serving bottled water after five now.WHAT? YOU WON'T SERVE ME WATER?I didn't get irritated at the waitress, she didn't make the rules we just wanted to talk to the manager.While waiting for the manager another tabled ordered water and were told the same thing. They also wanted to speak with the manager.The manager visited their table first and we listened in. After talking with them for a bit he said, "Well one of your party has ordered 3 margaritas, it's ok for you to get water. From now on whenever you guys come in you can have water."The manager then finished his conversation and came to visit us. He talked with us about how he didn't like people coming to trivia and just ordering water. (That is completely understandable) However, when I told him the situation of us being frequent visitors and that we always ordered food, he didn't seem to care. He asked if we were sitting in the same area last week and I replied yes. He then mentioned how he noticed we were drinking water and said this is a bar, you can't order food and get free water.We then walked out.This bar does not serve you free water AND on top of that, their food is not that good and overpriced.
4	The best part about the 16th Street Sports Bar and Grill is the Trivia.  Tuesday and Friday nights.The entertainment and light (unless you go with my father, then it's heavy) competition of the Team Trivia (this spot specifically has been featured in the College Times for its stellar trivia) is enough to make me sit through the not-so-great bar food (but hey, it's BAR food--it's basically supposed to be not-so-great).Favorites: curly fries, potato skins (without bacon)...and the wings are good too!  The drinks are great, lots of beers available (always a good seasonal bottle around) .It's a fun, loud, crowd---and seriously, the trivia is awesome.16th Street Sports Bar and Grill has all the the fun of a dive bar while the bathrooms maintain the cleanliness of someplace perhaps more trendy.Get there early on Trivia nights--the place can pack up, and you want to make sure you're in the game!
3	A possible 3.5.The service is good.The beers are decent, we are IPA fans and with all of the beerson their menu, only one IPA, which is not on menu, we are glad we asked.The wings are all we had to eat, they were ok, sort of dry, definitely not suicide  We like them hot, their suicide was more of a medium.The place is set up kind of weird, reminds me of a bingo hall, but the outside area is cool and so is the billiards room.We'll try it again :)
3	These folks pour a DRINK for $3 on Saturdays! They have daily specials and the Saturday special is $3 SoCo or Three Olives. Saturdays also offer a turkey cheeseburger and fries for $5, but I didn't try it. You can see all their specials by hovering your cursor over the day of the week on their home page (http://www.16th.st/index.html)It was NOT crowded when we cruised in for the Sun Devil game this past weekend. We were greeted by a guest who asked if we had a reservation and then hollered to the waitress who said there may be a wait. At least they have a sense of humor!The advantage for us was we got to take our pick of the TV we wanted to view the game. There were two Texas Hold 'Em poker tables going (not my thing so I don't know specifics) and I saw pool tables in a separate area -- photos on the website make it look like there's shuffleboard too.Definitely looking forward to going back. It was a great place to watch a game. I'll have to try the food next time and maybe they'll get a bump to 4 stars (although, I observed their nachos are real cheese nachos, and I'm a fake cheese nacho girl so I'm gonna have to pick another game day food!)
1	Remember how I said that the Trivia was the best thing about this place?  Well, they got rid of long time Triva host, Dave (who had been featured in the College Times and was the best thing about the trivia).  Without Dave's personality, this place just doesn't cut it.  Will never go here again. Bummer.
4	I can't understand why so many people give this place terrible reviews. Its a sports bar for shitsake, what do you expect? I don't care what anyone else says, this place makes the cut for any sports fan in need of a venue with massive TV's, greasy bar food and plenty of beer. Cheap beer I may add. They also have cheap drinks. $3 for a bloody Mary whose mix is comparable to my beloved Zing Zang.. I think YES. There is a covered outdoor patio, so even the smoker sports fans of America can fully enjoy themselves, without even being rained on should some fluke freaky ass storm miraculously make its way into the valley of the sun.. unlikely, but hey, im just throwing it out there.Their wings are delicious and meaty. Their nachos are nachos.. cant really eff that up. Their fried party platter thing is a heart attack on a plate, and nothing fancy, but goddamn delicious. The sandwiches are standard as well as the salads.. but come on people, this is where we go to get shnockered and watch some football, not to indulge in a gourmet meal. 16th St. Bar is A-O-Fn-K with me.. And one of the best parts is that there is a Sports Authority right down the street so when you get that urge to purchase a new baseball glove or junior size football because your hands are too small for the official size, you can go during halftime.Ka Pow!
4	Great sports bar.  Lots of nice big TVs, yummy wings, good drink specials (w/ a great range of beers on draft, though the two don't typically intersect so I was drinking $3 Mirror Pond Ale from a bottle poured into an icy pint glass), enthusiastic if somewhat homer crowd (I guess I just insulted myself.  Well, at least I didn't loudly protest very obvious calls against the Cards like the table next to us).  Anyway don't expect great service, though I won't complain too loud - I guess under certain circumstances I can actually be patient.  Bathrooms - at least the men's room is pretty disgusting, but I survived.  Otherwise the place is pretty nice inside - our waitress gave everyone coasters.  One minor niggle: there were a couple kids there when we first got there.  The family left around halftime and the little babies were asleep most of the time, (and mercifully quiet the entire time) but this sort of thing is simply not appropriate.  Put up a sign.  "No firearms or children allowed."
4	Love this place.  Good service, good (bar) food, good prices..  They have lots of TV's and plenty of sports on.  Always keep the local stuff on the big screen.  I have been there for many sporting events, but was there last Friday for trivia.  Aside from the CHEATERS that beat us, we all had a great time..We'll be back..
3	Went there yesterday to watch a postseason game with other Yelpers.  As far as watching TVs went, there wasn't a bad seat in the house.  For those that hate smoke there is a non smoking entrance in the back to the bar side but if you want to play pool or use the Men's room you still have to run the gauntlet of the smoking patio.  Speaking of the Men's room, I have seen worse but this one wasn't really kept up that well and it could use a mopping as my feet stuck to the floor by the urinal. They had plenty of good choices for beer on tap.  I was intending on a burger but table quantities of other stuff arrived.  The nachos were ok.  I don't normally care for hot wings because they are, well, hot.  These were grilled and while they left a slight after burn for me were really quite good.  I also had an onion ring, a potato skin and a cheese stick.  Good solid bar food without being Wow.  Service bounced between really good and "where did she go?".  They were out of stuff like iced tea, some brownies and some of the beers.  As a table we were buying enough drinks that those that mixed in glasses of water were not questioned.All in all a good solid neighborhood bar.
4	Burgers tasted great. The bill was reasonable. They have a lot of televisions that my boss and I watched one of the games of the world cup on. I'd totally go again.
4	I went here for 3 minutes a few years ago, in an attempt to try a place besides my local watering hole (you know variety is the spice of life) and was thoroughly unimpressed.  I wish I had given it a better chance...I went here a second time, again for the same reasons and the weather was nice and the patio was right.  The patio was spacious and covered.. a plus!  This place was hoppin' on a friday night, always a good sign.  They were having a beer special because on of the distributors was there and so that was a bonus.  The bartender was nice, friendly and efficient.  He also made a good German Chocolate Cake.. the right way.. not the lazy bartender way.. which always makes me happy.  He even came out to see how I liked it, even though we were sitting out on the patio and seldom do you see a bartender leave this post.  On my previous visit I didn't stay long enough to see just how big this place was.  To the north the main bar area has a lot of seats and tvs, in the middle is the huge patio, and to the south is another room with a bunch of pool tables. I didn't get anything to eat, so I can not comment on the food.  The ladies room was a little bizarre.  It looked like the tried to make it feminine  and clean, but really it was just oddly tiny and a lil grungy.. no big deal.  This savvy par patron knows that a nice ladies room isn't always a guarantee, so I carry hand sanitizer!I'll be back, a new place to grab a drink with friends is always nice.  Haven't gone for happy hour, might try that and I also heard they have team trivia... definitely will have to try that!
1	Jesus... what a dive.  Not necessarily a bad thing, but just dont expect anything more. Greg Louganis stylee. Cheap drinks... always welcome.Everything on the menu is fried bar food... to be expected.Walking through the smoking section just to get in... trashy.Trivia on Friday while the playoffs were on... wtf?  I thought this was a sports bar!  They mute a playoff game to do trivia??   Why the hell would anyone go here if Half Moon and Teakwoods are nearby?  Screw this joint.  I'll gladly pay a few bucks more for a better bar with better TVs.  Weak Sauce.
2	16th Street Sports Bar should be a great place to have a drink. They have everything you would want in a sports bar: shuffle board, darts, pool, lots of TVs, and a little patio. Unfortunately, I have experienced terrible service there twice, and will not go back! Our first bad experience was during a Suns playoff game, and I think the waitress was new. The manager comped some of our food after we complained, and I appreciated that, so I gave them another chance. The very next time I went to 16th street was a weekday night (10 pm on a Tuesday). It was slow so when we walked in I asked the bartender  what time they closed (2 am), and when last call would be (1:30). We went to play shuffleboard and had a few drinks. After a while the waitress came over and told us that it was last call. We thought we had 30 minutes, so we ordered a pitcher of Blue Moon to drink while we finished our game. Ten minutes later the bartender (obviously the woman in charge) came in and told us we had 5 minutes to finish a nearly full pitcher. 5 minutes later she told us we had to leave, and we left about half the pitcher there. When we got into our car we checked the clock: it was 12:30! The bartender obviously just wanted to get home and couldn't be bothered to let us, the customers, finish the beer we had paid for. It was apparent that she didn't care at all about the customers - she could have been very nice about the situation but she wasn't. She was pushy, and rude, and didn't care about the service she was providing. 16th street is very close to my house, and I wish it could be my neighborhood hang out, but I just can't get over the service, so I will never return.
5	I dropped in on a Sunday morning as a visitor from out of town in order to watch the Liverpool-Chelsea match, and was treated like a long-lost friend.  Great people, and a great place to relax and enjoy a game or two.  YNWA.
4	Since moving to CenPho I've been auditioning go-to neighborhood bars and Sunday's potential watering hole was 16th Street Sports Bar and Grill, a harmless-looking tavern located on 16th Street (duh) between Bethany Home and Glendale. I think it's between a karate studio and a pet groomer, or maybe a chiropractor and a temp agency. I'm not sure, but you get the point.Anyway, it took me about four minutes to become smitten. Here's the breakdown:1) Service -- Bartender Jason was laid-back, welcoming, attentive, and chatty, you know, like bartenders are supposed to be but unfortunately so often are not. Grade: A (Extra credit for giving me 10 percent off for checking in on Yelp.)2) Food -- I had a patty melt, which was juicy and quite delicious. And the fries were hot and golden. If you're a bar kitchen that can successfully pull off a basic burger and fries order, you've probably put yourself into the 80th percentile. Grade: B+3) Drinks -- Great beer selection and tons of happy hour, daily deals. And the bar is ideal for bellying up to. Grade: A-4) Atmosphere -- I mostly need a bar that will show Twins games and 16th Street Bar and Grill offers all of the sports packages on a number of flat screens located throughout the bar. They also have a large smoking area if you're into that kind of thing and a game room in the back with darts, video games and pool. This is the kind of place where you meet new friends and I think I've found myself a new home away from home.
4	Cheap food, cheaper beer, damn fine wings and curly fries. Don't come to 16th Street expecting some swanky lounge with big leather booths. This is your classic dive/sports bar that doesn't pretend to be anything else, and thank god for that. New as of late, 10% off your check with a valid Yelp check-in!Anyhow, tons of TVs, not a lot of servers and the place fills up quickly on NFL Sundays so make sure to get there early if you want a table. And without question this is an AZ Cardinals bar, so if you're expecting sound on a different game while the Cards are playing, think again.Also has a big outdoor smoking patio that's covered for you dirty smokers out there.One of the few totally solid and valid sports bar options in CenPho. We could use a couple more.
4	Clean, well run, pool was fun!
5	Great neighborhood Joint.  Food is great, the pints are great too.
5	I love this place!! My husband plays soccer on a team with his brother on wed nights and had been sneaking over here without me. Well his ass finally got caught and we went one night after a game. Well I walked in and I saw it....SHUFFLEBOARD!!! In my younger days I was a shuffleboard "champion" - yup I said champion. I ordered a pitcher of their 16th street and challenged the boys to a game. Four hours later, many 3 olive shots and some yummy bar food I am still the champion!! We have been there many times since then and have always had a blast!!
4	Solid sports bar! Went here for the women's world cup finals and had a great time. Bloody mary's were awesome and the appetizers were a nice surprise. The jalapeno poppers were yummy and the sliders were nice too. Service was great and I'll definitely be back...they've got Murphy's on tap!!
5	Used to live right down the street from this bar (about a 5 minute walk to it). I had been there at least 5 times or so. I liked it and the people were very nice that worked there in 2004 (January-June 2004). Haven't been in since, but it was great in 2004.
5	INSTANT 5 stars for being open at 7:30am on a Sunday, to acommodate a bunch of crazy Chelsea fans! I called ahead the night before just to check, but the owner assured me that, yes, he would be there to open up early for the English Premier matches. They even served us breakfast as soon as the first of the kitchen staff arrived! The place doesn't look like much from the outside, and the fact that you have to park and enter in the back just adds to the sketchiness... but once you walk in, you find yourself in a very warm, inviting British style pub! They even have a seperat game room that would probably be cool to reserve for big events and games!We will definitely be back... hopefully a little later in the day next time....
4	Anyone else have this problem?I like to go out and socialize. I don't care if a place is a little loud or smoky (what do you expect in a bar). I have more fun if there is a good crowd, music I can dance to, and a full service bar that can make all those foo-foo drinks & shots I like.My boyfriend on the other hand likes places without a lot of noise where he can just hang out, have a conversation and drink beer.We finally found a place we can go that makes both of us happy: 16thh St Sports bar! This place isn't exactly a sports bar. Its defiantly not a club. Its not dirty, but DIVE would still be an appropriate description.The dance floor + DJ and pool tables are on one side of the building.  The main bar, main lounge, and the big TVs are on the other side of the building.My boyfriend can grab a table and hang with friends without having to talk over a lot of noise. I can leave my purse & cell phone with him and go to the other side of the place to dance the night away....When I get tired or thirsty I can go find him and take a break. I love that they have lots of bartenders and waitstaff working. I never have to wait long for a drink even when I'm not drinking with everyone else from a pitcher.
1	I am glad to see that some of the reviews on here also show that this place has poor ownership and management because this is exactly what I experienced.  We went by this place for a boxing match one night, and our service was absolutely awful all night in every manner and degree possible.  It's not the first time that we have had bad service and most of us have worked in the industry so we sort of just let it be and watch our fight, as really, were adults and complaining won't get us anywhere anyway.  We realize that bad service happens, and sometimes it's not even the server's fault.  However, after the fight we had been waiting on our bill for about 10 minutes, and the room we were in was then being used for a party, so they were clearing it out.  They forced us out of our table and then the owner approached us to unruly command us to leave the room, at which juncture I tried to explain to him we were just trying to get our bill and wanted to stay in the room so that our waitress could find us.  This old man continued to be unruly at which point I then brought to his attention that not only was he being out of line but that the service had been awful all night.  He then started yelling at me about why we did not say anything earlier and basically insinuated that I was lying about bad service.  To top it off, he was so upset that he then started chest bumping me and picking a fight with me.  This resulted in the bouncer using physical force to remove me from the room, while yelling at me to respect the owner.  Frankly, I should have called the police. Then, I had to wait OUTSIDE of the bar for my bill  for another 30 minutes!  This place is awful and I wouldn't even wish upon my enemies to have to go here.
3	This is home of the American Outlaws - Phoenix chapter bar, and I was here for the pre-day USA Men's National Team game against Venezuela last month. The owner was extremely accommodating; we had our own room to the left of the entrance with several televisions, and they showed the USA Women's National Team game. I had a burger with guacamole and bacon, along with curly fries. The meal was delicious and fulfilling, especially since I hadn't eaten in 10 hours. I had four long island iced teas, so perhaps this is indicative of the taste. The waitress was overworked, but she managed to keep up with our group. Just imagine - one waitress for 100 people and waiting tables where the bar is located!One warning though - on Friday nights a DJ apparently regularly hosts a set in the room where we were, and he wasn't good. He was so loud that conversation was impossible, and our group thinned after his arrival. Other than that, this was a great place!
4	Great place for UFC...sit in Chicago's section.  She's awesome!
4	This is the place to go if you're a soccer fan in Phoenix.  They'll show any game possible and are very accommodating.  They even let the America Outlaws (USMNT supporters) to use the extra room area to set up FIFA tournaments on PS3. Great times.The beer selection is decent, service is good and I really like the food.  The hot wings are really good but they aren't actually hot.  Someone pointed out that should be expected as it's and English pub.  Our friends across the pond don't fancy the hot stuff, I guess.  Still very tasty and they will grill them too if that's how you like your wings.
5	If you're afraid of a sticky floor, or domestic beers, or leather couches, this is not the venue for you. However, if you're not a princess, and you like to play pool, listen to some Classic Rock on the jukebox and try to punch a speed bag whilst enjoying a $3 dollar beer...then welcome, my friend.My very fun co-workers and I took over the lounge area on the left side as you walk into the courtyard. The staff were all great, even though we kept their arses hustlin' beers over to us from across the way. We took all the leather couches and rearranged them into our own living room the way we wanted to and they couldn't have cared less.If you're here on a Friday after lunch and you hear some rowdiness coming from the pool tables...that'll be us.
5	Shuffleboard is gone : (
2	I have been to this bar several times in the past.  However, I went just a couple weeks ago and was NOT happy.  The happy hour selections are long gone.  They also failed to inform me that their Mercenary IPA was $6.50 a glass!!!  Obviously, they are in the full upsale business.  I would expect that in Vegas but not a dumpy bar in central Phoenix.  Needless to say...I won't be back again.  Also, the bartender had her toddler coming up to the bar as well which was inappropriate for the setting. No longer impressed.
