5	So here's the deal, I'm making this short and sweet because I'm planning a return trip tonight before they close (more on that later).As for the 5-star rating, it's due to two things, 1) outstanding frozen custard -- the orange creamsicle flavor of the day was outstanding, and we've been enjoying the fudge pecan on a regular basis -- and 2) the customer service is always friendly, and very informative.As for the return trip, that's due to the discovery that Culver's has veggie patties (apparently there are quite a few vegetarians that work there - FYI the patties are vegetarian, but not vegan), and they allow you to customize your burger as you see fit with various buns.Anyway, we're headed back for a veggie burger and will let you know what we find. In the interim, give it a try ... apparently there are several Culver's restaurants in the valley but this is the first in our neck of the woods.
2	There's something just not right. For those Midwesterners very familiar with Culver's, well, I would rate this sub-par. It's still Culver's nonetheless and their fries are pretty much what I'm used to from back home, but I've been disappointed in the Butter Burger's the 2x I had been here. The taste just seems wrong, the patties over-cooked (maybe left under the heat lamp too long) and they got my order wrong both times. Eeek.
4	Try the Fish FryI'm from Milwaukee, WI.  Land of the Friday Night Fish Fry.  My idea of the perfect fish fry is beer battered, potato pancakes w/applesauce, cole slaw and a salted caraway snack rye bread or roll.  Last Lenten season we tried a new place every Friday looking for anything that came close to what I love in Milwaukee.  No dice.  Chompie's for example had a good potato pancake, but the fish batter wasn't very good, cole slaw was blah and the bread was wrong (and it was like $12/$13, pricey for fish fry).Last Friday I tried the Fish Fry at Culver's and it was good.  Ok, it didn't have the potato pancakes and the bread was wrong, but the fish and cole slaw was really tasty.  I liked the french frys and would deal with the dinner roll vs. rye bread.Great value and quality fish fry.  I'm saving my 5 stars for the ultimate, throw down, it's just like home fish fry.My only complaint about Culver's (besides Pepsi products, yuck) is that they have built this location close enough to my home that my girlish figure will surely suffer.   Haven't  started checking flavor of the day forecasts yet but summer will be here soon enough.
4	This is the home of the butter burger and frozen custard. Both are fantastic. And for all you malt fans like me (most places only have shakes) they have some of the best here. This place is consistent, service is very friendly. Is it as good as the ones in Wisconsin? Probably not, but for Arizona, this is a great place for a burger.
5	I'm from Wisco.... glad to finally see a Culvers in Chandler.  Can't go wrong with a Burger and Cheese Curds.  Very clean and the service is excellent.
4	I have lived in Arizona for 11 years and have heard of Culvers from quite a few friends, all talking about the butter burger and ice cream/frozen custard, so having never been to a Culvers I thought um sounds like a cool little ice cream parlor that I should investigate. It's Tuesday night and the kids and I don't feel like cooking and a Culvers just opened up in my area so I told them lets go for burger and shake and they said cool mom!  Imagine my shock when I walked in to find out that it's a fast food place LOL I don't know why I thought it would be an ice cream parlor. We walked up to the teller and were looking at the menu and placing our order, we were a party of 4 so it took each of us a few minutes to figure out what we want, at this point there was a customer behind us being very rude and loud and complaining about families who go to order but still have to look at the menu board, why can't they just have their order ready. Really lady? lol Some peoples kids I tell ya.I thought since I am here I am going to try the butterburger cheese, fries and a chocolate shake!  My burger I made a single, I can't eat a double burger, it had cheese, lettuce, pickle and onion, it actually was a great burger, I was surprised. Now when I have a want for In n Out I just might head on over to Culvers. The fries, I like them, they are the crinkled cut fries they were good and the chocolate shake!! Omg soo thick and creamy! DELISH!!Glad I finally went and checked the place out, the kids, (who are really young adults, age range frm 20 years to 16 years) loved the place too!
5	Their food is pretty darn good!  Everything I have ordered there has been perfectly made so far.  I've stuck to getting the double cheeseburger combo, and Culver's has been consistent so far.  The cheese curds are a perfect side.  People might complain a little about the prices, but I'm pretty sure the prices at Culver's are still cheaper that a place like Carl's Jr.'s.  My daughters love that the kids meals come with frozen custard.Culver's customer service is at the top of the food chain.  Go there and find out for yourself.  I couldn't find a single reason to deduct a point.
2	Really wanted to like this place, but after three visits we are not fans.- Location is clean and the employees are nice but not necessarily helpful.- Burgers are a higher quality for fast food but on the expensive side.- Fries are super greasy.- Cheese curds are nasty.- Custard is not much better than a dairy queen soft serve quality.Every time we ate here, we felt like crap afterwards. So many better, cheaper fast food options.
2	Culvers in Casa Grande and Mesa deserve 5 stars but this one in Chandler is barely even 2. I guess I've gotten spoiled with the super friendly service at the other locations and my food always perfect. Today unfortunately I brought friends to this location and it was the WORST experience I have ever had with Culvers. The girls behind the counter and who also deliver the food were unfriendly and almost to the point of rude. The older man was at least a lot friendlier. When one of the girls delivered our food we asked for ranch and mayo for a group of 4 adults and 6 kids, she came back with 2 ranch and 2 mayo's so we asked for more and wow I guess that was the wrong thing to do because she was not happy with that. Well if they had the condiments out where we could get them I would've gladly gotten them myself. And then my friends patty melt bread was burnt (I got the same thing and my bread was not) so I went up to ask for a new burger and the girls all looked at me like "Are you serious??" definitely not Culvers friendly not a problem attitude. I didn't even want to go back up to order our deserts they were so unfriendly. Really disappointed with this location!! I am so embarassed that I brought friends to it. They were not impressed. But I LOVE the Casa Grande and Mesa comes in 2nd for service. Their root beer floats are awesome!!
5	WOW!! I have NEVER received such excellent customer service!! After learning of my not so pleasant experience at his store, Jason the store owner contacted me right away. He was extremely pleasant and apologized. He offered to send me certificates for my next visit but then I got a phone call from him and he had left a basket on my porch filled with goodies and a lot of gift certificates. We live out in San Tan Valley so it's a good 45 minutes from his store. He drove all the way out here to personally deliver the basket. Unfortunately the sign fell off my door bell that it's out of order so I was not able to meet him in person. But I will be going back to this Chandler location for sure. He is an owner who takes customer service to a whole new level and truly appreciates each and everyone of his customers. He did tell me that this is his lively hood so he takes it very seriously. Wow, he definitely does! He has talked to all of his staff and I believe that day was just one of those off days, perhaps even on my part. Thank you Jason for really caring!I had to edit because I was so shocked by the owner's customer service that I forgot to mention how great the food is. The food is what got me hooked on Culvers to begin with. All the menu items I've tried have been really good but my favorite is the sour dough melt, it has grilled red onions in the burger patty. The root beer float is the best ever!! The custard is delicous and the mint flavor is perfect. A nice surprise is their lemon ice. The ice is shaved like fresh snow and the lemon flavor is perfect. My daughters love it with strawberry topping. A nice healthier alternative to the custard.
4	This review is mainly for the ice cream and onion rings since I am a vegetarian. They have very good sundaes  and shakes.  If you decide to get a malt tell them to go easy on the malt powder they tend to do it 50/50 which is way too much for anyone.  The restaurant is new so it's clean and they have a good sized patio to enjoy the AZ weather.  The staff on my visits have always been very  nice and helpfull.  In our group they even made up a free shake for us to try that wasn't on the menu without charge. I had a surrogate tester try the butter burger and he gave it an enthusiastic thumbs up.  So if I ever go back to the dark side I will re-review with a burger addition.Try:- carmel/cashew sundae- Shakes- Malts ( Go easy on the malt )- * Butter Burger * Surrogate Tester Approved
4	This is the newest Culver's in the area, and now it's easy to get Culverized at lunchtime as this one is very close to the office.  Tons of unhealthy comfort food here, but if you order judiciously, you can actually eat pretty healthy here.  The desserts are excellent, the seating is cozy for a fast food joint, several giant TV screens on display, and free wifi.  Brak is a Culver's fan.
2	Went here for lunch because it was near.I had the red pepper double cheeseburger with bacon and fries and drink combo.Overpriced.Thin bacon.Nice BBQ sauce (asked for a container for the burger).Crinkle-cut fries I didn't like the taste of.Pepsi MAX tasted off.Overpriced. Near 8 bucks.You can take grandma, nice place, nice people, fast and friendly service. Clean.Overpriced.I enjoyed the burger but it went fast.Strange taste. I guess that was the "butter burger" taste. I'm not used to that.Overpriced.Burger King beats this place for flavor.Overpriced. Do they pay these prices in Wisconsin?I wasn't very full even after forcing down those fries. Maybe your grandma will be.
5	Great burgers and fries. Love the custard desserts.
3	I had the butter burger with lard fries choco cholesterol shake.  It was good, fries are weak.  Drive thru green beans are available.  Serious after all that and you think some green beans will unclog my arteries?
4	WHAT.WHAT. The home of the Butter Burger(named so because the bun is buttered). These Burgers are made to order and will Karate chop your taste buds in the best way possible. The cheese curds will judo flip your buds as well. This place is giving my beloved In-N-Out a serious run for it's money. Would be 5 stars but it is a little pricey around $9 for a meal. But the service is superb (they bring your food out to you and will even pick it up for you and throw your trash away). Soleed man Soleed.
5	I died and went to heaven! I have not been able to find Wisconsin Cheese curds anywhere near home. The closest place was Wisconsin! Not anymore! I found my that this place is as good as the original. The food is cooked to order, and is absolutely amazing. I had the butter burger, the way I like it, and couldn't have been happier. They really need to get one out here in Las Vegas. Just saying!
5	First of all.... CHEESE CURDS!!!!! AMAZING! second... my experience. I went through the drive through, where they told me to pull forward because they were making my food fresh. I waited 5-7 minutes as expected. when they brought my food out, they apologized about my wait and gave me a free $5 or $6 ice cream container. I appreciate the customer service and will return frequently. In tough times, customer service wins business.
1	I love the cheese curds here!!! But that's about it..I definitely like the country club location better..This location:-clean and seems organized-burger was flavorless -my concrete mixer had wayyy too many pumps of syrup- staff was rude, unhelpful,  and not attentive ( I walked up to the counter and the girls continued to joke and laugh with each other and did not even pay attention to my order)I definitely won't be coming back to this location, even though it is 3 mins away!!
5	Oh the butterburgers and the concretes. Got to love the frozen custard concretes. That you can mix in any two things you want from there list of many. Inside tip: They also have chocolate custard not just vanilla. This I found out after a few visits. I always get chocolate custard with chocolate sauce and Oreo cookies. I think its the best.The burgers are really good. So are the onion rings and the cheese curds. I have never heard of cheese curds before Culvers. Must be a Wisconsin thing but they are really good. To call them fried cheese balls don't do them justice. Just try them. If you like cheese you will like these.The service is pretty good. Sure it takes awhile to get your food but that just means they are making it fresh. For that I am willing to wait. Plus they give you your concrete first so you can enjoy that while you pull forward in the drive thru to wait for the rest of your order. They give you a number and then bring out your food right to your car.It is a little expensive to eat more than once a week but it is well worth it.
3	I grew up with Culvers in the Midwest so I was happy to find this location nearby in Chandler. While I have always had a pretty good experience here customer service wise even during the lunch rush the food has always been only so so. The burgers lately have been really bland which is not the culvers that I remember from back home. The buffalo chicken fingers are really tasty along with the onion rings but lately leaving Culvers I feel unsatisfied. I will give Culvers another shot but I hope the flavor of the burgers improves a bit. So far it's just meh...
4	good food!!!
5	The service at the Chandler location was so awesome! They really made us feel welcome!
2	Not very good anymore.  The food was too salty, the green beans were so tough, and the potatoes tasted fake.  Disappointed this time.
4	I saw Culver's was offering a Colby Jack Pub Burger and add their delicious crinkle cut fries to the mix and I was sold.  I'm proud to say they did not disappoint.  I ordered a double patty CJPB.  The onion roll was delicious as were the patties but I was a little disappointed in the cheese.  There didn't seem to be a lot of cheese on it but it still tasted very good and I will order it again.  I'll just order extra cheese I guess.  I had my fries which tasted awesome and I saw that the flavor of the day was Mint Oreo so how can I pass up a concrete mixer?  I have yet to have a bad meal at Culver's.  Would I recommend the Colby Jack Pub Burger?  You bet.  Heck, I may have to order the triple patty.
4	Had chocolate, pecan and strawberry concrete mixer...delicious!!
4	Customer service was excellent, food was good. We all had burgers with cheese and fries. All items were hot and very good. My only complain was that everything seemed dirty. The bathrooms needed a good scrub and the floor and tables seemed to have a film of dirt/ grease on them. We did enjoy the food and service, we will visit another location near our house next time.
4	Really good place for lunch or fast food better than your average burger joint! Culvers offer more of a deluxe burger. They are good size and offer many tasty sides the cheese curds are pretty tasty as well. Also, they have seasonal combos for food and concrete mixer which i highly recommend. I mainly go to culvers for their amazing concrete mixers. Their flavor of the day always changes plus you get two free mix ins for the concrete mixers! I am a huge fan of their cheesecake options you can get just about any berry and cheesecake combo! Friendly staff and they usually have coupons available.try their-Butter burger/ with or without baconSweet potato friesConcrete mixers- Ask about their seasonal specialties
4	I knew nothing about Culvers until the TV commercials.  Then, I had to give 'em a try.Like the ad says - delicious!Well-prepared food.  Hot, fresh, delicious.Began going through the drive through...OOPS!CONSISTENTLY,CULVERS GETS THE ORDER WRONG on something in the drive through!!I've even called and complained and got coupons for two free baskets on my next visit!To no avail.It seems, even when they are not busy, they cannot get orders right.Now, I know this is not Cordon Bleu food preparation, but c'mon!?Asking for a cheddar butter burger, with lettuce, onion and A-1 sauce ONLY cannot be that difficult.But, it's always wrong.  Either complete with tomato,mayo, etc.  Or minus the requested A-1 sauce!Sigh.Regardless, the frozen custard is always terrific! My advice, eat in only.  They bring you the food, and, if it's wrong, fix it.This place would be damn near perfect if they sold beer!Just don't drive through if you have any special requests!
1	Worst chicken strips ever ! I saw the commercial that they have organically raised chicken but their chickens tastes like power and not fresh at all. Horrible !
5	The food is super good!!! Love the Better Cheddar Burger with bacon and their root beer floats are out of this world!!! The customer service inside or drive thru is always awesome.  Very courteous!!! I was very please when I stopped while I was out Christmas shopping and stopped for a grilled cheese.  I did the basket and then asked for them to add a gift card.  They told me I could get the basket free because I was buying a gift card!!! whoo hoo!!!  LOVE CULVERS!!!!  The prices are reasonable and their concrete mixers are soooo good!!!!!
5	Tried the chicken tenders and they're as good as it gets. Definitely tasted as good as my friend described them. Fresh with thin breading.
4	Great place to go if you want your food fast but don't want to feel like you're sitting in a fast food restaurant. The eating area is clean and much classier than your average booth at Burger King. There are large flat screen TVs with SpongeBob for the kids (or, you know, me) and ESPN for disinterested dads (or in my case, my boyfriend).The burgers are about as good as you get them at Smashburger - but Culver's is a better value, in my opinion. For about $10 at Smashburger you can get fries, a drink, and a regular sized burger. At Culver's, for about the same price you can get a double burger, fries, and a medium concrete mixer. So, yes, the burgers are wonderful, and the custard is as heavenly as it sounds. The fries, I'm pretty sure, were brought in from the closest frozen food section. (They didn't taste bad at all, just not like what you would expect at a restaurant.) The service was good; not perfect, but definitely acceptable. I will definitely be back, but I still need to try Smashburger's Nutter Butter shake...
4	I've driven past Culver's a ton of times, and we decided to stop in for dessert after having sushi down the street. The inside is very bright and clean and the cashiers were nice and helpful. I had a mini frozen custard with brownie and fudge which was delightful. I do want to come back and try their butter burgers
2	I SO wanted to like Culver's. After finishing up an evening meeting we walked over to have dinner. We placed our order quickly and then went to fill our drinks. I know it was just after the rush hour but the drink station was a mess. There was liquid all over the place and straw paper wrappers everywhere. The food was just so-so. I had a sour dough burger. The bread was mushy and the burger tasteless. Did not like the cheese curds at all. My husband had the fish and he said it was average. For what it cost, I'd rather go elsewhere.  One thing I loved, the quotes on the walls were nicely done and inspirational.  Good job here.
5	This place is special. It has it all. Great service. Excellent burgers and frozen custard. The staff were very friendly. They bring your order to your table. The burgers , chicken sandwich, fries and custard  were excellent ...  Culver's Chandler is special.
5	The Culver's staff is extremely friendly and helpful. The building and facilities are clean and functional with a couple nice decorative touches.Culver's offers some outstanding food. The shaved prime rib sandwich and Culver's Deluxe burger are both excellent. The side dishes are also a notch above most fast food places.Half of the reason to come to Culver's is some great dessert. The shake I had on my last visit was above average. However, their Concrete Mixers are extremely delicious and highly recommended.
4	Please keep the pepper grinder pub burger forever!  Best burger I've ever gotten from a drive thru!  Cheese curds are ok, but onion rings rock!
4	I have eaten at a few Culver's locations. The food and ice cream have always been excellent. They have a nicely diverse menu and of the different items I have tried they always were prepared well. So many times a restaurant with this many different menu items would have some good and some ok, but not Culver's. Don't forget the ice cream!
5	Best fast food I've ever had! Had the butter burger, cheese curds, and a blizzard style custard with reese's pieces and cookie dough. When I got the food I was a little weary because it looked like really small portion sizes for the price, but everything is so high quality and delicious :)
5	Best fast food burger I've ever eaten in my life! I came to Tempe to stay for 2 weeks & ate here a total of 5 times over those 2 weeks, THAT'S how good it is. They're cheddar bacon butter burger is where it's at, and the cheese curds just make everything about your lunch/dinner 100x better. The custard is also really delicious, I never leave without getting some.
5	Great service, the food comes out fast and is delicious! They have authentic WI cheese curds and the daily ice cream specials are amazing.
5	Employees always friendly.   Good variety of food.  Not greasy like in&out.  Good overall experiences at these places
5	Great food, great service. Culver's rocks!
1	We just had a worse experience at a Culvers ever! And the manager Christina did nothing to fix the situation she actually made it worse. I guess it was our fault we came to close to closing time and they wanted to leave so four different people came to ask us... are you using this, can we put away this, can we do this. we were being put out of the restaurant it was very very rude.  After about 10 minutes of this we finally gave up and told him we were leaving they did not care I'm sure we made your f****** day.
