3	It's happened to everyone.  You pull away from the drive-through confident the Man in the Window filled your order successfully.  You plop down on the couch, unpack your booty, and alas and alack , twas not meant to be.  For me, this recent experience involved an uninvited switcheroo - seasoned curly fries were ordered, regular fries were delivered (at least I still got some type of fry, right?).  But despite this accident, I'm prepared to give Jack in the Box the benefit of the doubt, as their all-day breakfast options trump the occasional drive-through error seemingly unavoidable in the world of fast food.In the realm of Vegas fast food, Sonic and Jack in the Box are the only two options for 24-hour drive-through breakfast.  Sonic never leaves me feeling all too great afterward, as their options seem greasier and less satisfying.  Jack in the Box barely beats Sonic on the grease factor, but their collection of egg sandwiches & bowls available anytime and their scores of local locations win out in my book in the battle of the bagged breakfasts.    If the options are driving out of my way for Sonic, or the Jack in the Box around the corner, Jack has my mind made up.Specifically since I don't order fast food drinks (the food is bad enough, do I really need a sugar-ade to wash it down?) JitB is more convenient and tastier than Sonic, and I'll continue to support them as necessary to satisfy my junk food cravings, despite the occasional miscue.
1	The drive through person tried to be nice and patient.  I got a little upset at the fact they wouldn't take two separate orders and pay for the two separate orders.  So, I just ended up getting one order.Food was just slapped on, not very well made.  It kinda looked like a two year old created my food.  Won't go back!
5	Had to poke a little review in here.  If you seen my last JITB review just imagine the complete opposite of that.  Was in the drive thru around 1230 today. The lady asked how my day was and ordered 1 Jr bacon, 1 Jr Bacon plain and 1 breakfast jack. I asked if they still had dollar drinks and the lady apologized that the promotion was over. Had my order read back and pulled up to the window. On the way I decided to add an order of mini cookies I saw on the sign. No problemo. Got my order, the woman gave me 10% off my next order for no reason I could tell and asked if my service was as good as it was my last visit. I told here it was my first visit, but it was awesome and she wished me a happy thanksgiving.  That is like what it should be at the drive through.  PS  My jr bacon was plain and the cookies were delicous.   THANKS JACK.
1	Messed up my whole order, the drink they gave me was watered down they also never gave me my receipt! Never going to this location ever again.
3	In the grand scheme of fast food all I have to say is not bad not bad at all sure does beat the crap out of McDonald's or Burger King curly fries were pretty darn decent
5	I come here at least once a day...I typically only get drinks for my drive, but I have been known to crush some croissant donuts! Oops! Lol The service is typically good and they all seem rather friendly.
