5	Yes...I am instantly giving these folks 5 stars.  Battling the Starbucks Brigade is hard enough, but, awesomely this java shack has a personality all it's own.Comfy chairs,  great recipes, and  a staff with a surly serve you with a half-smile way....kicks my ass right back to the early 90's when a coffee house had beans and 'tude.  The only thing I was left longing for was a mean looking chick in the back corner pumping out original acoustic tunes on her gee-tar.  (NO, not Smelly Cat...Pheobe is NEVER THE ANSWER!!)And an AWESOME selection of great pastry treats.  Including the "Kringle" which I"m assuming is exclusive to their store.  I know it's a regional treat...but, Re-JAVA-Nate maybe the only place to carry it here in the Valley. (the Kringle is a pastry ring with frosting on top, it comes in Strawberry Creme, Apple Cinnamon, and Marzipan....WURD)To top it all off i ordered a jumbo Mocha....in  a big phat mug inviting me to stay and sip.  ( the foam on top was decorated with choco cream flowers that my server fixed with a fork.)  Needless to say, I had a great time...I would even go so far to say that "I Heart Re-JAVA-Nate!"
5	Yes, Re-JAVA-nate, I give you 5 stars! I was previously employed as a manager for, um, another coffee joint. Prior to and since then, I have always, always, always supported the independent coffee shops of the good ol' US of A. All though it's in a strip mall in a "maybe some landscaping and street sweeping will do us good" part of town, I was drawn in to Re-JAVA-nate because of their awesome name. I have a soft spot for puns and plays on words. I can't help it.When I walked in the door, I was greeted with the rich, warm aroma of freshly ground coffee beans, always appealing and gratifying to the schnoz.  There were big, comfy chairs strategically strewn about the cafe, and Frank Sinatra crooning down on me from above. I was elated. When I went to the counter to order, the two girls working the bar immediately halted their conversation to greet and serve me. I ordered a double espresso, and the girl immediately offered, "How about a macchiato*? Or with a touch of chocolate?" She wasn't trying to up sell me, she just wanted to make her job a bit more fun, and I respect that. I told her to serve it however she wants. I received a mini-mocha -- espresso, chocolate, and just a touch of foam on top, which had been skillfully crafted (no shampoo bubbles here, folks) and artfully displayed, with the tell-tale "heart" shape, only from the hands of a worthy barista. I sat, sipped, and vowed that I will take patronage to this coffee shop as often as possible. *A REAL espresso macchiato is a shot or two (or three or four) of espresso, lightly marked with a spoonful of foam. That's it. No vanilla, no caramel, no milk. Just espresso and foam. Shame on you. You know who you are.
5	I used to be a cafe kid.  I mean, a super intense cafe kid.  Almost every night I was somewhere, sitting in my 99% black wardrobe, sipping something I probably didn't really like anyway and smoking cloves.  Those days are long gone, but they hold a place in my heart and Rejavanate finds that place and strokes it lovingly.  Awww.An independant coffee shop staffed by knowledgeable, friendly people?  With a variety of pastries and comfortable seating to enjoy it all on?  Who hoo!  Thank you!  Rejavanate is a great place to just relax and sip.  It's also a great place for live entertainment from time to time.Cut the green apronstrings of the 'Bucks.  Try going somewhere where you can actually meet the owner.  It's so worth it.
5	Love it!  Stopped in here after a day of canvassing for Obama and relaxed with a classic machiatto.  The free Internet was great for checking polls, news and scrolling through emails.  There are plenty of seating options for large and small groups alike. Relaxed, mellow atmosphere with great quality coffee and snacks.  Try one of the special holiday drinks if you get a chance--the eggnog pearl chai latte is excellent! Also, ask for a mug and they will save the paper cup...
5	I love you rejavanate!Even though I love Vegas I do miss seeing sullen poets wax on like they are the only person who ever loved.  The readings arent always the best but the coffee is and so are the eats.  Super friendly staff is a plus too.
5	This place is the best!  The owners are friendly and make you feel welcomed.  They're there all the time, which tells me they care about their business.  Coffee is wonderful, tea is Republic of Tea (wish they had some loose leaf options, however).  Always something going on in there.  Just check out their calendar http://www.rejavanatecoffee.com/  to see what's happening.  Free internet and a selection of board games will keep you busy.  Support your local independent coffee place!
5	Pros:Free wifi internetGood coffee (mocha latte is excellent)Nice peopleNot StarbucksRelaxed atmosphereComfy chairsCons:Personally I prefer live music to live poetry, but the poetry's only two nights a week so it's easily avoided.  If you can make the Thursday Jazz night 7 to 9, then do it.  The horn player is especially good at not drowning out the other players, with a soft touch.  It's pleasant ambient while you read or surf online. Vegas should have more places like this.
5	I have found a new hang out for sure!!Who knew there were still coffeehouses where poetry is read?! I walked in during the day, and it was very quiet. It's a very good environment for studying. They have cool events almost every night. i work at a corporate coffee company. but i definitely love this place. the coffee was good. i can't complain but it wasn't amazing. i'm just really obsessed with all this coffee house does:live bands, jazz nights, poetry, and they also have charity events. this is one local business that i HAVE to support. it's definitely worth the drive. and i can't wait to go when there's a live band playing. they also offer 10% off the students. :] so show off your rebelcard! it's in the Renaissance shopping center. next to blockbuster and food for less.
5	At this time Rejavanate's at 10 reviews with a solid 5 stars and it's worthy of that reputation. The coffee shop's got it all it's the real deal and there's not too much of that out here.  Local authors, local musicians have been to the place as you can tell by the shelves with there merch for sale. They have the foo-foo iced coffee drinks and the red eye kick you in the ding-ding espresso and coffee drinks. Computers are set up and the comfy seats and couches. I wish it was closer to my hood and the recommendation I would give is more varieties of coffee, actual coffee varieties not flavors. Which I'm not subtracting from the place it would just make it even more better'er. It's a coffee house that's worth the trip. As in go out of your way to get there trip. By the way I made the error of getting an energy drink a little later on in the day, the espresso was still coursing through me and the mixture of the two had me loopie and a little wacked out of my gourd.
4	I was looking for a vegetarian restaurant in the area and fell short. I stopped in to reJAVAnate because I had given up. I ordered some froo froo frappe and asked the clerk if he knew of the place I was looking for. He said he didn't, but I could use the in house computers and complimentary internet to investigate. My medium peanut butter cup frappe was a little less than $5, I think. It was yummy, as a froo froo drink should be. There's a wide variety of coffee and coffee bastard drinks and cafe food, like paninis and salads. The cafe is a no frills kind of place. The computers have CRT monitors and all of the furniture you sit on look like it was purchased from a Salvation Army. They have bulletin boards for upcoming events, band handbills, and a cluster of wtf ever you want to throw up there. You can use their computers as long as you want, as long as no one's waiting behind you. Then there's a 20 minute max. You can also print from one computer for a tiny fee. They also have free wi-fi. That's a major selling point for me. All cafe's should. I like the grass roots kind of feel. reJAVAnate hosts open mic nights and small garage bands. The staff has always been really friendly to me. This place is fairly close to UNLV, at Flamingo and Pecos. I want more places like this to run to when I can't stand being at home. But still want internet access. * off the strip, non-casino
4	I like local coffee houses. I prefer ANY local place over the big companies.
4	Rejavanate are the kind of cafes Vegas needs more of. Young entrepeneurs making it happen and inspiring a much need community and a creative scene in Las Vegas. I missed my favorite wifi coffee shops in New York and Los Angeles and they fill the void. Its a great tasting coffee and yummy sandwiches and very friendly service. I always meet people and have great conversation. I love all the poetry, jazz,impro nights they're trying to help the artists come out of their shell and connect. I love it.
5	OMG!!! I am new to LV by way of San Francisco and was on a desperate search for a good coffee house and thank God for yelp or I would be segregated to a booth at a 24 hr restaurant...not the same thing AT ALL! They have games and movies and great food and tons of space to sit, chill, read, and the staff is friggin' awesome. This place is a definite repeat offender joint FOR SURE!!! Las Vegas needs more places like this, A-M-A-Z-A-Z-A-Z-A-H-Z-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-N-G!!!!
4	I like the place it's roomy, computers or everyone on laptop, and staff is freindly.But what I don't like is they raised the price on certian things I can't always afford that kind of prices but whaev they got bills to pay too. I meet this one contractors guy that was here from Colorada that had family and wife back home. He had no freinds which can suck cuz I was like that for 6 months wen I moved from chi-town to here it gets lonely and sad:( I discovered this place wen I frsit moved here 2 years ago. Does anyone in the Vegas area like Avon thought I ask cuz i sell and promote?
4	The owners are both extremely friendly and helpful.  As a customer, I am extremely picky about my coffee & they are very nice & do not complain about my requests.  They also made my drink once & remembered it.  Now, I go in & just tell them if I want my drink made hot or cold.  They have a very loyal customer :)
2	I went here looking for coffee - not the house blend - but coffee from Ethiopia, Java, Turkey, the Netherlands, you name it.  I want my real coffee house experience back.  I want to choose the beans, I want to choose the grind and I want to choose the brewing method.  WTF?  Anything else is just a stand-in for Starbucks.  Okay, so the guy playing the guitar didn't ruin my inexpensive panini meal.  All told we walked out after having spent $22.00 on two sandwiches and water.  I have a panini press at home.  Why would I go back?
5	I had just left a business meeting and after finding out that my wireless adapter had crapped out on my laptop.  I was desperate to find "internet cafe" in the area.  I stumbled upon Rejavanate when I drove by this strip mall.  But, I need to plug into a ethernet cable and was hoping they could accomodate.  So its unlimited free internet if you have your laptop and buy something of course.  One of the co-owners Tim Miller was nice enough to allow me to borrow their only available spare ethernet cable unplugged from their printer in the back of the cafe.  I know most of cafes would've just said screw you. If your a business traveler and looking for a place to relax with free internet and a decent cup of coffee or smoothie check out Rejavanate.  Don't pay through the nose for 30 minutes of internet at those business centers at the Strip hotels for like $20 bucks (tourists beware cuz they won't tell you and you'll just start surfing).  They need more cafes like this in Vegas!!!
4	Relaxed, and friendly.  I'm not a fan of the speedy, get your caffine fix and go places.  I like to enjoy my coffe and do a little studying.  This was a good place for that.
5	Although I work for Starbucks, Rejavanate has such a relaxing and quieter atmosphere.  Plus they have a Tai Ice Coffee which is delicious!
4	The coffee is goodThe ambiance is really comfortableThere is free wi-fi, sandwiches and bagelsHIghly recommend
4	In the daytime, great laid back vibe and good coffee.In the evening, great laid back vibe, good coffee, and live local bands or open-mic nights.If only it weren't in a strip mall.
1	CLOSED FOR BUSINESS! I just drove out there from the strip on April 7, 2010 and there was a sign in the door that they are out of business.
3	Ugh... I drove all the way out to this place hoping, no, praying that perhaps I could find a good espresso in Vegas.  What with all the great reviews I really thought there was hope.I get out to what looks like a random mini-mall on main street america, and have to drive around to find the place.  I spot the sign, park, and walk up.  Darkness inside... I peak in the window... they're very much closed for business, sadly.  :-(Ok, ok... I fire up my Yelp iphone app, and Nearby directs me to Brewed Awakening...  I drive about 10 minutes to get to that location, drive this way and that, but only find nameless, faceless outdoor shopping malls.  More of the same.  So I try to call them, and I get a "number no longer in service" message.  I try google, and it gives me the same number as Yelp.This is not my day, and as I suspected, the third wave has not hit Vegas... they don't know anything about waves here.
