5	I'm going to have to side with the vinyl on the window.  NLS does open at 10am M-F, and thankfully for me, my second excursion to this unexpectedly spacious scuba store was fortuitous.Walking in, I executed the traditional panoramic overview, sweeping my head from left to right, at which point I noticed Sheldon.  Throwing him a head-nod, I offered up a "What's up?" that probably sounded more like "S'up".  That is the bane of being raised on the streets of suburban Massachusetts, where the kids who weren't allergic to bee stings called the shots, and would gut you as soon as look at ya.I mean, I wasn't actually raised ON the streets, but I did spend a fair share of my time playing near them.I've been to a handful of dive shops here in the valley, and NLS has one of the larger showrooms.  Their assortment of gear isn't as vast as say, Sports Chalet, but its not a corporate conglomerate... and although I'm pretty sure I used that word incorrectly, as an adjective, it provided the appropriate amount of disparagement.Interesting note... purchases over $700, if made through an approved GE Capital line of credit, will enjoy a full Gregorian calendar year of deferred interest.  Combine that with the 10% discount extended for being a club member, and that, my friend, spells savings.For example, the regulator, oct (the yellow line and breather), wireless tank transmitter, and gigantic wrist computer I'm looking at run about $1900 combined.  Subtract the 10%, and divide principal-only payments over 12 months, factor in sales tax... minus the amortization, carry the two...OK, I think we can all agree, I'm no math whiz.  But, if you purchase a regulator, you'll get the Equipment Specialist course for free.  That's a total prize package worth over $160 US... and I'm gonna do it... and not just because I said I was going to do it in this review... although that is mostly the reason.And if lake diving aint yo thang, then stop by the trip and travel kiosk, located conveniently in the west wing.  NLS hosts monthly trips to San Carlos MX for only $599 pp based on double occupancy.  Here's the kicker.  You ain't staying in some musty hotel.  No my friend, your accommodations are located in an oceanfront luxury home.  That's how Antonio Banderas would roll, and gosh darn it, why should your roll have any less butter than his?  Two days of 3 tank dives are included, with an available third day of room and diving for a modest up-charge.Have a little more chang-chang in your pocket, then consider Honduras.  Not only are they know for cigars and the flesh trade, but their diving is unparalleled.  Two words: shark diving.  Get up close and personal with the spiney blast-bots of the sea.  Only $1650 pp based on double occupancy.All trip deposits are $500 min.  All gear can be rented at NLS.  I'm happy to have a shop, close enough to my house, to call my own.P.S. That same GE credit card can be used at Global Bikes too.
5	Excellent Instructors, great support.  These guys are very knowledgable and it's exciting to finally achieve my open water certification.  Kudos especially to Brad, my very competent instructor, as well as to Jeff, and Mike, the owner.  Thanks for a great experience!   Look forward to making some exciting dive trips with you guys in the near future!
5	I started using this Dive Shop after my original Dive Shop [to remain nameless] became unbearable to work with. I found the complete opposite experience with No Limits Scuba when I started visiting the shop several months ago. The staff is equally as enthusiastic as they are knowledgeable about the sport of Scuba Diving. The shop has all the equipment you could need, for either rentals or for purchase and much more of the ancillary items that you find yourself wanting when you are out enjoying the sport.I have been on multiple dive trips with this shop and have enjoyed each one immensely! The charter boats that they work with have always treated myself and other divers very well. I have also recommended friends to this dive shop and each person reported back to me glowing remarks. The staff is not pushy or insensitive to the learner, as you may find with another local shop. No Limits is genuinely a great place to go for learning or advancing your skills in Scuba Diving and the deals they give you on the NEW equipment will keep you coming back!
5	Love the community support this shop gives! From holding learning seminars and exhibits to supporting club chapters. Top notch and very friendly. I've gone on one trip to Cozumel with them and another coming up to Roatan. Great local shop...
5	I was pleased to find this scuba shop so close. I looked into Yelp reviews and online searches of other shops and then called around asking for prices. No Limits Scuba was the cheapest option and gave rockin' awesome discounts for me and my friend, who was going to do open water certification with me, and my husband, who was going to do a refresher course (group/couple discounts are the way to go!). My husband is a small business owner and from a family of small business owners so we are well versed on the art of customer service. I have been totally shocked, especially when I became a home owner and came into contact with more small businesses because of it, of the number of businesses that operate on horrible business practices, among which is customer service. I have found very few businesses that I would recommend to my friends, among which is No Limits Scuba. They are great on the phone, being extremely friendly and helpful and quick to answer. They return phone calls like no one else. They are awesome in person.  My instructor could not have been more patient, helpful, or knowledgeable. And from my observation of the instruction of a child by another instructor, a place I would definitely take my whole family to certify (once my kids are old enough). The flexibility can not be compared. With very few exceptions, they let you pick the times that are best for you. Their pool is mainly used for certifications, not taken up by too many swimming lessons, like one shop I looked into with a more limited class schedule availability. I had to do nights and weekends and not Sundays and they worked around me without blinking an eye. Scuba is one of those hobbies that things (like colds and injuries) come up suddenly and can lead to cancellations. It's always painful to cancel on somebody you love to work with when that's their employment but they brush off your schedule changes with benevolence. Do you have any places at which you look forward to spending money? I would have said no until I experienced No Limits Scuba. Buying something feels like giving back. Seriously, with their prices, I don't know how anyone there makes anything!  When I asked my instructor, he informed me that he loves what he does. You won't regret your choice to go to this scuba shop.  I even looked up the prices of some of their gear online and their shop is extremely comparable! Except, at a shop you get to try it on! And if you don't like it after trying it out, they'll find something else you like better instead!  Seriously, how can you lose? If I wasn't a harried mom of four little kids, I should get a job there! I can't stop gushing about this place. As a perfectionist, it's so refreshing to see people who take pride in their work. Awesome, just awesome.
5	We recently went on a dive trip to Roatan Honduras that was all setup through No Limit Scuba team. We had the best time ever. Every detail was taken care by the dive shop and we just showed up, did tons of diving & really had an amazing week. Every single person that you come into contact with at No Limit Scuba is friendly, knowledgable and extremely helpful. I highly recommend this shop & I have personally recommended them to many of my friends & family.
