5	This place was absolutely beautiful! Went to vegas for a wedding and the reception was held here. I talked to the bride&groom about the cost and It seems like a pretty good deal, too. You pay per person (i'd say it's a reasonable cost) and it covers everything. You get food (buffet style), cake included, dj included, bar includes free beer, wine and sodas, decorations included and they set everything up and clean everything up for you so you do very little work. The food- SO FREAKIN YUMMY!!!! I swear. Everyone agreed it was the best wedding food we've ever had!! Everything just tasted so good. The salad, the fruits, the potatoes, the fettuccine, the chicken, the salmon. Oh man, it was delicious!!! The best part is it's all fresh! They cook it like 20 minutes before the guests arrive!The cake- red velvet cake. It was beautiful and it tasted sooo good!!The DJ- he was really funny, fun, and played good music. The Staff- All great people. Besides the fact that I discovered the bartender was my ninang (haha!), they were all really nice and my ninang told me they were all like family.Great place!! =D (now i'm craving some of that food!!)
3	my only really big complain about this place is it's name. i know it's silly. but when you look at a wedding invitation and you see Ritz, the first thing you think of is, SWEET! it's at the Ritz Carlton! SCORE!well at least that's what my first instinct was as well as my friends. so when i drove up to the parking lot, needless to say, i was slightly disappointed. but in my opinion, i thought it was a very average wedding. it wasn't AMAZING, but it wasn't  ugly either. very average. the food was tasty, although i'm not into buffets and the decorations were nice. nothing stood out to be spectacular and so i think it deserves three stars.
3	This review is for 3.5 stars. Christmas Party-I came here for a Christmas Party that my company had here (the first real estate company I worked for- CB Premier). The inside in so pretty with the lights and the decor. I think that it was organized pretty well- generally speaking. There was a coat rack for the coats and jackets. There was dinner, and dancing. There were no complaints that I remember hearing from the realtors or the staff. It was held here one year. I don't know how much the event cost. Pretty grounds (there is an outside part too) but the fenced empty lot/former gas station kitty corner from the hall is plain ugly- if you notice the ads, that part is airbrushed out of the shot.Wedding Planning-When we were looking at places for our wedding, this is one of the places we interviewed. I should also mention that one of my husband's coworkers is one of the owners of this venue. Most of the items were included, but there were some things that weren't (can't remember if it was the cake or the flowers, but it was something) plus there were the BS wedding fees (ie. hall rental fee of $500- but we were getting $100 off for being a coworker, big whoop, right?, cake cutting fees, corkage fee per bottle) that really turned me off- I can tell you that in my research (and believe me, I had a very thorough, rigorous search) I found that just because it was for a "wedding", the venue thought it was justified in charging these fees, which is horrible. I think if we had gone with this one, it would have been an extra grand or so, to our $10,000 budget (including the honeymoon).The one we finally chose did not have all these stupid fees that I absolutely refused paying and it really was all-inclusive (the only exception was the clergy fee).
5	Our wedding reception was absolutely the best at The Ritz of Las Vegas. My husband and I just recently held our reception at The Ritz on 10/27/2013. As a nervous bride, I wanted to make sure everything went smoothly without a hitch and this place did just that. Gloria who not only was the owner but was also was the coordinator for our reception. Words can't describe what a great job she did. She made sure all my questions were answered and reassured me for 12 months that everything would be wonderful. SHE WAS RIGHT! Our guests could not stop commenting on how beautiful the decor was and how much love they could feel when they walked into the room. I would definitely recommend this place to anyone and wish I could give it 10 stars. Trust me when I say, you will not be disappointed especially if you want to have the perfect wedding!Thanks to everyone at The Ritz!!!!!
5	Truely the best experience I have ever had planning and working with the owners and staff . They couldn't of have been more helpfull and professional. The venue is absolutely beautiful and well done . Food was great and generous amounts. We did fly up from LA to check it out since it wasn't a hotel. When we got there it was more beautiful and perfect than pictures show.. The rest of our planning was done by phone. Gloria is a wonderful planner and person ..love her and could not have made it a better wedding anywhere. Our guests and family enjoyed every minute of it. Her DJ. Photographer and photo booth people were amazing.... Great great great
5	Here tonight for networking event very great venue for holding events. First time ever for this networking event and this venue. Would def love to come again
