5	Awesome chicken! Brand new store that is easy to access from the road and has the trademark great customer service!
3	Good chickenGood waffle friesNice people butSlow service (took 15 minutes to get food order inside on a rather slow day)Plenty of little kids using pretty nice looking enclosed play areaClean premisesOn balance one of the better fast food options in the area
1	I've been enjoying Chick Fil A since I was a little kid. It is my go to restaurant when I choose to do fast food. I decided to stop by this new location for a breakfast burrito. Unlike all of my encounters at other Chick Fil A's, this time was different. I went in and ordered a breakfast burrito. Most of the time, I get my orders fairly quickly when I go to other locations, which is what is expected at a fast food restaurant. First, it took them 15 minutes to give me my burrito. When I received it, the inside contents were cold. So I asked if they could just heat it up, which would of been fine with me. The employee apologized and notified the kitchen staff. I overheard the kitchen staff questioning why it would be cold and how that was impossible. Nonetheless, they finally took it back. I waited an additional 15 minutes to get a new one. So at this point, I've been there for over 30 minutes just to get a breakfast burrito. After the 15 minutes went by I asked for my burrito. I was finally given a new one. This time, the chicken inside was cold, the cheese is not melted and there was NO EGG. I ordered a breakfast burrito and it had no egg?? I asked why and their answer was the kitchen has turned off the machine that makes the eggs since they are serving lunch now. You would think, it would be common sense that you tell the customer if you are out of something before you serve it to them. It's like when I order a burger and giving me a bun with tomatoes and lettuce only, then telling me they are out of meat. How is that even acceptable for a franchise that is known for their amazing customer service??? So finally an employee came over and apologized for their service. She continued to tell me that they are new and they are young kids, so they don't know what good customer service was. I also let her know that there is no reason for their service to be slow seeing that there are 6 employees working the front area and business was slow. She reported this back to an employee and they said out loud that they are short staffed and how they are unable to work efficiently when they don't have enough staff. If add anymore staff in that area, there would be no room to work efficiently. I looked in their lobby and there was one customer and some in line in the drive thru. Then another staff member came by to offer me another item since they don't have breakfast anymore. I ordered a sandwich this time. The person who came to ask me this forgot to put the order in, so that was an additional 10 minutes. At this point, I just wanted to see how bad my experience can get. I notified the manager and he offered me a free meal if I gave them another try at a different time. Least to say I will be taking advantage of this offer as I will not be returning to this location.I have 2 other locations close to me that I will give me the service that every paying customers deserves. I hope they can change their process there so they can be just like the other  Chick Fil A's that everyone loves.
4	With the new office being smelling-distance away of Chick-fil-A, I gave into the yummy smelling goodness and got some for lunch. Contrary to what a lot of people think, Chick-fil-A actually DOES have real chicken; you can SEE it. I love that it actually is real chicken (as opposed to other fast food joints), and that it's juicy and flavorful. On this visit, I decided to be somewhat health-conscious and got the grilled chicken nuggets (with a side of waffle fries... you can't pass up the waffle fries!) Well, the reason for the 4 stars is that I was a bit disappointed with the grilled chicken nuggets. They were good and juicy, don't get me wrong, but they seemed to have some type of weird batter on them. Not quite sure what it was... Seasoning, maybe? Anyways, I ate them regardless, just a bit disappointing. I think next time I'm going to stick to regular chicken nuggets, or better yet, the chicken strips... and of course, the waffle fries!
