4	I'm impressed so far and I consider the experience not to be complete as of yet.  I scheduled an eye exam this morning and was helped by Dr David Anderson.  I wear contacts and glasses and have issues with allergies.  He observed that my eyelids were puffy and had me try Elestat which I've never tried before.  OMG, this is some good stuff.  It made a huge difference on how my eyes felt.  We discussed my approaching need for bifocals in the future and agreed to hold off for now.  Ohh, the joys of age 40.  Then due to my eye allergies I'm currently doing a 2 week trial pair of contact lens versus the one month disposables i've been currently using.  I have a follow up for saturday appointment for an eye dilation to see if I need to go on some steriods, but I'm truly impressed with how thorough Dr Anderson has been so far.  The office staff is friendly as well.  Now, I can't speak for the service of obtaining eyeglasses, but so far I'm pretty sure i will be a repeat customer.  Thanks.
3	I thought I'd go to LensCrafters because I wanted quality when it came to my glasses. But I wasn't very happy. The eye doctor they had wasn't covered by my insurance and even with my insurance and opting to keep my frames, it was much more costly than I thought it would be. I've been back twice trying to get my glasses fixed because one lens keeps popping out. I've finally given up. I'll just wait until it's time for new glasses and go somewhere else.
3	I went to LensCrafter to look at new eyeglasses for him. There was no type of order to this store. I am use to going to LensCrafter locations where glasses and eyeglasses are in order by brands. There was some eye wear in order by brand but majority was all over the place. I really didn't like this location because of this. The sales people were good, but I think I will try to go to different location possibly in another state (when I am visiting that state) to get another pair of glasses.
1	Doctor Anderson, next door to lenscrafters, is very good. Lenscrafters on the other hand is overpriced and their customer service is abhorrent. You can buy 5 pairs of glasses from Warby Parker (online) for what 1 pair will cost you at lenscrafters. Be sure to ask the doctor to measure your "pupillary distance" at the time of your eye exam because you will need it for your online order.
1	Splurging on a nice pair of sunglasses should be fun, right? Not at this location of LensCrafters. The selection is awful, first of all- you're better off at Sunglass Hut for sure. I wouldn't bother to write a negative review just for that- this is one of two times in my life that I have received such terrible customer service that I would bother writing such a review. The woman helping me was snobby, rude, and rolled her eyes or laughed out loud at every question I asked. She sighed audibly when I asked what the price would be with lenses, as though it was a HUGE bother to have to go to the computer and look it up. No one in the store knew how to apply the coupon I brought in- in fact, they'd never even seen such a coupon and it took not one, not two, but FOUR salespeople/technicians to figure out how to apply it. The whole process took almost two hours and included a lot of waiting around for the saleslady to wait for other slightly more competent salespeople to finish helping other customers to come over and answer her many, many questions. The other people I saw in the store with me were there for multiple hours as well. I would not recommend wasting your time here.
5	I'd have to say I'm pretty satisfied with my experience at LensCrafters at the Camelback colonnade. I've worn contacts for years, but wanted to glasses just as backup. I didn't like the selection at Costco, so I came here for a wider variety.I don't with Maureen. She had an excellent grasp of what would look good on my face  and what kind of style I have.We found the pair I wanted and got them ordered. I went and grabbed a bite to eat by the time I got back they were ready.They were running a 30% off sale so I got a chance to save some money.Hopefully I won't need glasses anytime soon, but if I do I'll be looking for Maureen  at LensCrafters.
5	Miriam who helped me is the best. Great customer service here, Very energetic, and super friendly. She made everything easy and got my glasses on tip top shape.  :)
1	If I could give no stars I would.  $800 for one pair of glasses that I can't use.  The measuring camera outfit is smoke & mirrors.  My wife had the same experience with her $1000 glasses.  Emailed them and they thanked me for my feedback and said they were "sorry."  If you have money to throw away, and don't care if you can see with your new glasses,  then this is the place to go!!!
1	Last week caught me travelling for longer than I expected. I was running low on contacts, and shipping another box from home was not an option. Luckily, I was staying near the Camelback Colonnade LensCrafters. I figured they would have access to my prescription, which was written at a LensCrafters in California. Even if the lenses were out of stock, I could afford to wait while they shipped in.When I called, I was told my LensCrafters in California would have to fax in my prescription. Inconvenient - my prescription is available at LensCrafters.com - but not the end of the world. I comply.Forty minutes later I received a call from Miriam at the Camelback Colonnade LensCrafters. She informs me that they did not have my lenses in stock. I ask if she could check whether other LensCrafters in the area had the lenses in stock. She tells me I should call them myself. Then she hung up. I am not sure if she was being rude or negligent. Either way, nobody deserves this kind of lack of professionalism.
1	This place is operated like a used car lot in my opinion. in my opinion they don't like to answer questions about pricing directly. In my opinion the sales people are hardcore sales focused vs listening & caring about the customer.
