4	Tasty & fresh sushi!  The food is very nicely prepared & laid out before you with a fair amount of simplicity, no really outrageous creative plating going on.  The menu seemed fairly traditional, I don't recall seeing the more "Americanized" (what I consider) "crazy" rolls that many trendy sushi restaurants (like NYC's & PHL's Haru) offer.  And don't take that as a bad thing.  While I'll happily admit to liking those "crazy Americanized" rolls, its nice to find a great more traditional place out there.  From what I understand Mr Shu is very stringent in regards to his sushi standards, to the point that he does not allow his sous chefs to prepare sushi if he is not around to supervise.The restaurant itself is small & cozy (& up a loooooooong flights of stairs) & without the loud banging tunes you find in the more trendy restaurants so that a great conversation is possible to have whether you're there on a date or catching up with a friend.I wanted to try the omakase, but opted against it as Umi was my second dinner of the evening (I'm a pig, I know), however I have heard pretty mixed reviews on whether or not its worth it.The service was simply OK.  Kind of slow.  No, more like definitely slow.  Nothing special.  Still gave the waitress a 20%+ tip though so obviously I still wouldn't call the service horrendous.
3	Do not go here if you are on a budget and/or really hungry.  However, if you have an expense account or are a guest of someone with an expense account (as I was last night) than this is a good option.  In fact, this is the best sushi I've had in Pittsburgh.  Umi is a part of the admirable big  burrito group.  It's located above Soba.  It's up two long sets of stairs, so if you are bringing someone handicapable or elderly they'll have trouble navigating the double staircases.  As I was walking up the stairs last night I noticed the painted large waves on the walls.  I believe Umi is japanese for big wave (maybe?).  Our reservation was for 6:30 and initially they only had the tatami tables where you sit on the ground and your feet dangle in a hole in the floor.  These tables are probably okay for date night, but would have been weird with two business associates.  Luckily, a table opened up.  If it's this busy on a Tuesday I suggest a reservations.  Anyways, the rest of the space is very nice with a sushi bar with about 5 seats as soon as you enter and very warm colors with a few scuptures and a waterfall in the middle of the dining room.  The service was pretty good.  There was nothing particularly memorable.  I started with a Mark West Chardonnay, which was okay and priced under $10.  They also have a good selection of warm and cold sake'.  I started with the white tuna sashimi which was a few slices of super fresh melt in your mouth tuna with a nice soy sauce and just the right amount of wasabi.  Matt tried the shrimp tempura which was perfectly breaded quickly fried light shrimp with veggies.  This was a good deal at $12.  Keith had the lobster soup which had a few big chunks of lobster and a nice broth.  I ordered the toro tartar with caviar, which was probably a teaspoon of super creamy fatty tuna and a touch of caviar.  This was really rich and one of the most expensive teaspoon serving I've ever had at $21 for such a small amount.  Keith had some noodle dish which he said was good and actually was pretty reasonable, but again it's noodles.  Matt ordered the strip steak tataki, which was about 1 1/2 ounces of prime steak served with a sweet soy sauce.  It was delicious, but again $20 for less than a 2 oz. serving.  I stuck with sashimi.  The lobster sashimi was great and had some type of flavored sauce instead of just soy.  The salmon and tuna were also amazing.  They were cut perfectly and tasted like they were just pulled from the sea.  Overall a really good sashimi "dinner", however I have to admit I did stop for pizza a few hours later.
4	This may be too harsh, but I think Umi is the only Pittsburgh restaurant that can rival other restaurants of the same culinary category in major U.S. cities. Perhaps not too surprisingly, it is reminiscent of Morimoto of Philadelphia (Umi's Executive Chef, Mr. Shu, is said to have apprenticed under the famed Iron Chef).The menu is not cheap. Since I only go when I'm in the mood to splurge, I've only ever ordered the omakasi (tasting menu). Actually, in the market of tasting menus, a set that is still under $100 is arguably a bargain. Mr. Shu uses fresh and high quality ingredients, and he prepares the dishes with a light sophisticated touch. Of the multiple courses, my favorites are the tuna tartar and the kobe steak.  If I have to point to a weakness, it is that Mr. Shu's range is relatively narrow.  A bit more variety could really bring the meal to a whole new level.
5	You get what you pay for. I've never been even slightly disappointed. I've been coming here with a good friend for a few years, and it's a MUST every time I come back to town for a visit. On our most recent visit I had the sushi platter entree. It comes with 8 pieces of nigiri sushi and a maki roll in the middle. The salmon nigiri is incredible. Eat it slowly.  SAVOR it!  I'm thinking about going back just for that one more time before I head back to Arizona. Also, their desserts are exquisite.  The dessert menu changes, but again, I've never even come close to feeling disappointed.  I don't care much for sweets but the dessert here is SO good that I order something every time.  P.S. Don't wear a short skirt in case you get seated at a tatami table!
5	I ate one of the top 2 meals of my life in this restaurant.It was the first time i had heard of "omkase" (or chef's choice of many small courses), and despite the hefty pricetag, I was celebrating and opted to try it.oh. my. god.   an absolute slamdunk.  I can't imagine going here and not getting that unbelivable sampler.  my mouth is watering as i type.
5	I believe I've found my new favorite restaurant. After being rather dissapointed with Chaya last night, I decided to go to Umi tonight.The staff was friendly and service perfect. There servers watch for you to dictate the pace of the meal.Beggining with the typical salad with ginger dressing: I was very happy with this dressing, just about perfect.Next the miso soup: I'm not generally a huge fan of miso soup, but this was probably the best preparation I've had. I could have gone for another bowl. For my entree I chose the dinner sushi assortment. This was by far the best sushi I've ever tasted. As cliche as it may sound, every piece (including fin which is notoriously tough) was melt in your mouth good.  The accompanying sauces are not overbearing in the least, they merely enhance the flavor of the fish.  The pieces of nigiri themselves are bite size - as in 1 bite without looking like you're stuffing your mouth.  This is smaller than the giant balls of rice with large cuts of fish you often times see at other places. I rather enjoyed the size, but just wanted to make note of it. The tuna roll was also very tasty. I did not sample any other rolls tonight, but I'm sure I will be back to do so.My dining companion had the chicken teriyaki.  The dish came out sizzeling from the back kitchen.  Again, this was probably the best preperation of the dish I've ever tasted. The serving size was perfect, about 5oz of very tender breast meat, with accompanying vegetables and a small side of rice.  More than enough to satiate, without the need for a nap afterwards. I didn't sample the desserts tonight, but I've seen others rave about them. I will definitely be back, as often as I can. I don't really care to try sushi anywhere else in Pittsburgh.
5	Went to this place with my friends. Everything we had was amazing. The appetizers were delicious. This is what I ordered:1. Miso Soup: Was awesome!!!! very flavorful. My only complaint is there wasn't enough Wakame for my likening. But over all, it was AWESOME!! 1. Black cod with Miso: This fish was cooked perfectly and literally melted in the mouth. The flavor was mild and perfect. 2. Tuna Tataki: This was slices of Ahi Tuna slightly seared from the outside and rare in the inside. It was to die for!!! 3. Shrimp and Asparagus Maki roll: Probably not a great choice to begin with, this was okay, nothing to rave about. 4. Fuji Maki Roll: This had Crab and avocado and sesame seeds on the outside. It was delicious!!! 5. My friend had the assorted Sashimi. The serving was huge so i got to try some of his stuff. The white tuna was delicious as was the salmon.
4	This place is a true example of how quality far exceeds quantity.  I've had the Omakase every single time I've gone there.  It's a bit overpriced considering you don't really get full after eating 8 courses. (Omakase = $80 not including tip)  However, the quality is AMAZING! The rock shrimp has a spicy crunch to it that is extremely addicting.  The deserts can be amazing depend on what you choose. The 3 varieties of pan seared sashimi is absolutely melt in your mouth good.  If they just gave you bigger pieces enough for you to be full by the time you leave, I'd give this place 5 stars.
5	Great sushi for serious sushi eaters.  The omakase is expensive but definitely the way to go. Quite the adventure.  The sauces the chef puts on the sushi/sashimi is what makes the difference.The black cod dish is unbelievable.
4	This place has the absolute best food I've ever eaten, not just in the sushi category.  My boyfriend and I went here for our anniversary and both had the omikase. We both love sushi and both agree that this was hands down the best sushi and Japanese food we ever had. BUT, the reason for the 4 stars instead of 5 is the portion size. I was perfectly happy with the portion size but my boyfriend was not. I think the disappointment came more from his expectation of 7 courses of an American meal. I, however, was expecting portions smaller than the typical American meal. The restaurant is pricey, but if you love sushi you have to go. The sauces perfectly complement the fish. The shrimp was absolutely perfectly cooked. The food itself is to die for and worth the price, just don't go expecting American size portions.
5	Anyone who says that there's no good sushi in Pittsburgh (and I've heard you say it, folks, right here on Yelp!) hasn't been to Umi yet. I'd been mostly satisfied, sushi-wise, by quality if standard places like Little Tokyo in the South Side and Chaya in Squirrel Hill before I went to Umi with my roommate last Saturday. The first major difference between Umi and the places mentioned above: price. Umi, a Big Burrito joint, is much more expensive than other sushi places in town. That said, if you have the dough, go for the $75/person omakase. We enjoyed eight courses (7 dinner + 1 dessert course), each one subtle and well-seasoned and incredibly fresh. (Now we're broke, but that's my cross to bear.) The black cod and the nigiri course were stand-out favorites. The prices on the a-la-carte sushi, in contrast, looked only slightly more costly than others in town.The second difference: innovation. Sometimes, I just want straight-up, unadorned sushi, and when I do, I doubt I'll come back to Umi. However, if I'm looking for a fine dining experience, one where the ingredients are creative and innovative, I'll definitely return here. One of the best meals I've had in PGH yet!A final caveat: don't forget to make a reservation. The restaurant was packed when we were there, and due to its small size, I doubt they can squeeze too many walk-ins in on a busy night.
5	Best sushi in Pittsburgh that I've found so far.  So what qualifies me as knowing good sushi?  First off I'm Japanese American =)  Not saying that other ethnic backgrounds don't know what good sushi is.  By the reviews I can tell that they do.  But keep in mind I have been eating sushi my WHOLE LIFE!  The price of food is a little higher than one might expect  so if you're a casual sushi eater, you might think twice before coming here.  The restaurant setting feels pretty authentic.  Be sure to make reservations.
4	Umi is a Big Burrito venture (a local restaurant group), which means you're guaranteed to pay a decent amount for your dinner and there's a decent chance your dinner is going to be worth it.  Some BB places are worth the cost and some aren't.  Umi, happily, is worth it.  It's still pricey, so this probably isn't the place to sate your random Thursday craving for sushi, but it is an excellent special occasion place for the sushi lover.Up a few flights of stairs in a minimalist environment, Umi serves up excellent sushi (and a really nice octopus salad), including some higher quality varieties you can't always find in the mid-range places--toro and uni spring to mind.  This is not the kind of place you order chicken teriyaki (and if your date does order this, break up with him/her), Umi takes its suhsi seriously and the waitstaff is generally very helpful in navigating the menu, although I did have one experience there in which the waiter seemed like he was preening about his (legitimate) sushi knowledge.  The Omakase is expensive, but worth it.  But obviously, you can still have a great meal at Umi without dropping $75+ a head.  Excellent spot for a date or a small celebration.
2	I used to go to Chaya in Squirrel Hill at least once a week, but since I've moved this past summer, it's been difficult to enjoy sushi as frequently.  Thus, I decided to test out Umi based on the good reviews I found on the web.  Sadly, I was grossly disappointed.  The interior decor is pretentious (large water fountain in the middle of the dining room and "Japanese style" paintings and decorations throughout) and dark (who likes eating in a place where you can barely see your food?).  The sushi was okay at best, but the quality of the fish certainly does not even come close to Chaya's.  The dishes were overpriced for the quality of the food, basically you'd be paying for the fake ambiance.  I guess the waiter was nice in that he tried to explain our dishes, but frankly he does not know too much.  This is one of those Americanized versions of an Asian restaurant and not authentic (key indicator: most of the patrons were not Asian).  It was nothing that would make me want to come back.
4	Ate here for the first time, very impressed, let the chef chose and we were very pleased with the taste, selection and presentation.  Will be back!
5	A nice quiet atmosphere with good service and excellent food. I've tried many sushi places in Pittsburgh, and flavor/presentation wise, this was clearly the winner. The sushi here is so good you want to just let it melt in your mouth and savor each piece. Only drawback is the price! Highly recommended.
5	My favorite restaurant in town.Here is the deal with Umi - if you are a casual sushi eater and just a fan of your basic rolls and stuff, don't bother going here. Umi is expensive, rolls will seem small - same as the sashimi and nigiri.However, it is so darn delicious I can't even describe it.  If I could, i would go to Umi every night.  It's simply that good.  It's well, well worth every cent you will spend.Also, try the rock shrimp.  Oh man.I think I am gonna go make a reservation right now.
4	This is a better than average- let's say very solid-  sushi restaurant.  We had the omakase and had some delicious bite sized courses.  But strangely the little bites never added up to feeling super full (which could be a good thing, but devouring a chocolate pretzel dessert isn't really the perfect end to omakase).  The miso black cod was excellent, the sashimi was well executed, and clearly the chef had many, many years of traditional sushi training.  But for some reason my socks just weren't blown off.  More sushi and sashimi could have done the trick.On the other hand the desserts were delicious and memorable (which come from the restaurant downstairs- Soba).Great atmosphere, attentive service and will def. go back.  At the same time, I'm open to finding alternatives in Pittsburgh (too optimistic?)And Dr. Freddie Fu is a fan (see autographed picture on sushi bar).  Not sure what this means, but maybe if I return I will be further enlightened.
4	Four stars because it is undeniable that it is tasty even with being pricey (and small!).  The miso cod was excellent grade fish and a must-try.  Interesting spin on sushi with some unique variations.Some smack:  1.  not many choices for sushi in Pittsburgh, but this does not mean they should mark up sushi beyond even Chicago prices!  2.   the host waited on us and when put on the spot about what was in a roll he was completely clueless...3.   (the greatest sin of all) my table was STICKY
5	This is the real deal...in Pittsburgh. Don't expect flop down for a casual California roll here. They take the sushi and the experience very seriously. The downside is that it you'll never be satisfied with average sushi again.Pro tip: make reservations days in advance.
5	This is a great place to go for a special dinner. I've been here twice, and on both occasions had a wonderful three hour long dinner. The food is delicious, the atmosphere is pleasant and relaxed feeling, and the waitstaff are friendly. My only complaint about Umi is the exorbitant price!
2	First off, I cannot comment on the food.I went on a Sat at 6.00 thinking it was early enough to not be too busy.  I had checked THEIR website about reservations and didn't see anything so assumed they didn't take them.  We wanted to sit at the bar anyway.  When we got there, the place was about 1/2 full at best.  He told us there were no open reservations until 9.00 (then why is the place half empty?)That was fine by us, we wanted to be at the bar which had NO ONE AT IT.  He told us that to sit at the (empty) bar, we had to spend $50/person minimum.  WHAT?!  Now, I was prepared to spend some money, believe me, but what if I don't like the menu or I run out of time for dessert?  So, we weren't allowed to sit at the bar or a table.  We were pretty shocked so went somewhere else that didn't have a minimum spending to sit at a fuller bar.  I will never go back.  They completely turned two cute girls away that were ready to spend probably $80 in 45 min and had a pretentious attitude about it.
4	Umi is alright.  What I mean by this is that the food is high quality, and the service is high quality, but for some reason, I'm never completely satisfied when I leave.  Let's start with the good:They have great quality sushi.  They have interesting taste combinations.  The decor is fun, especially if you sit in the "traditional" seating area where you don't actually sit on the floor (if you can ever manage to get in and out of this seating in a graceful manner, kudos to you).  But, the portions are small, and every time we've eaten here, we come away with the sense of, "great meal, but holy moly.  Dunno if it was $XXX good."  We'll continue to come, but probably only if someone else is paying.  In the meantime, it's off to Tamari we go.
5	I'm going to start off by making the very bold statement that for most of last 10 years, Umi has been the best restaurant in Pittsburgh.  It's not just the best Japanese restaurant (which it is by an extraordinarily wide margin), but the best overall restaurant in the city.  Why such acclaim you might ask?  The answer lies in Umi's consistency in providing delicious cuisine with outstanding service.I'm embarrassed to say it, but when I first went to Umi about 10 years ago (has it been that long already?), I didn't like sushi.  I thought the texture was strange and it tasted too fishy.  The first time I had the omakase at Umi, the veil was lifted over my eyes.  Never had I imagined that Japanese food could be so delicious!  The constantly changing flavors and textures with each subsequent course was mind-spinning.  It would not be hyperbole to say that it was life-altering because it opened my eyes to the world of finer cuisine and made me want to seek out foods that I had been too afraid or stubborn to try in the past.On a recent visit to Umi, I was surprised to see that there had been a change to the omakase menu.  It was always as big as you wanted to make it (like Troy Polamalu who likes the $250/person omakase), but now there were 3 options of a 7-course plus dessert, an 11-course plus dessert, and a "trust Mr. Shu" omakase.  When I inquired what that meant, they said "that's what the Steelers get."On this occasion, my buddy and I got the 11-course omakase.  It was delicious as always and included a dizzying array of sashimi preparations, the much-acclaimed miso cod, and spicy and tender rock shrip tempura.  A very pleasant surprise was a new course served in two spoons.  One had poached lobster and the other had Kobe beef.  Each was covered with fois gras.  This was absolutely decadent and brought back memories for me of the fois gras sushi in O-Ya in Boston (which was the New York Times best new restaurant in the U.S. a few years ago).Umi's biggest criticism has always been that it's too expensive.  Although it's true that it can easily be the most expensive restaurant in Pittsburgh, you absolutely are getting your money's worth.  From very personal (and somewhat disappointing experience), high-end Japanese restaurants in bigger cities are just as good as Umi but MUCH more expensive (like sometimes twice as expensive).  I'll also make the bold statement that for what you get, Umi is a steal and Pittsburgh has been very lucky to have it.Service is always outstanding.  On my most recent visit, Drew was our waiter who in my opinion is one of the nicest and best waiters in the city.  That really adds to the experience.  Also on my most recent visit to Umi, I was very pleasantly surprised that they had a free valet!  Parking has always been terrible in that portion of Ellsworth Ave.  The valet made it so simple, and it was free!  Kudos to Big Burrito for making that outstanding decision.I don't think it's fair to blame the restaurant for not seating you if you don't have a reservation.  Umi is very small and is always very crowded on the weekends.  As mentioned in other reviews, you can sit at the normal tables or the sunken "traditional" Japanese tables.  Some advice from my wife is that if you're wearing a dress, don't sit at the sunken tables.  When you get up, you might be revealing more than you intend!
5	This is the BEST sushi in Pittsburgh EVER.. probably the best sushi I've ever had in my life!My boyfriend and I are huge foodies and we make sure we always go to the best in every city we go to. Being from New York and San Francisco, we've had our share of sushi. From Nobu to Morimoto to Sushi of Gari in New York, I would say Dr. Shu at Umi blows them out of the water!We've always gotten the tasting menu- except twice (we've been there a dozen of times). Although very overpriced, I would say only go here if you are ready to dish out the money and you would truly appreciate the value of the sushi you are getting.If you think Chaya has pretty good sushi and you're happy with their prices, I would say stick to Chaya. You really need to appreciate good sushi and KNOW what good sushi is if you are visiting Umi. I would say that Umi is one of the best restaurants I've been to. It's up there with Le Cirque at Bellagio and the Four Seasons in Florence Italy. Yes, Umi is that good.
5	I took my boyfriend to get the Omakase dinner at Umi as a Christmas present - it seems like the best location to go for a special occasion, something really memorable.We made a reservation for a Saturday evening, and got a little dressed up - with the dim lighting and sleek decor, it's fun to wear something here besides regular ol' jeans.  The host was very friendly, taking our coats when we arrived, and our server was equally gracious.  Umi is a place with truly skilled service, one of the few places I've eaten in town with utterly professional staff.  They are knowledgeable and skillful, and they added tremendously to our dining experience.The Omakase dinner is pricey, I think around $85 per person for seven courses and dessert, which is what we got.  The eleven-course meal, at around $130, just seemed like too much for our first try at this.  Alas, time has passed since our meal and I failed to write the courses down anyway, but here's the general scoop: Most of the seven courses were prepared raw.  I'd say five out of seven.  There were 3-4 sashimi courses - just raw, unspeakably fresh fish dressed delicately in various sauces and flavorings.  One course was gently fried tempura rock shrimp, another was cooked - I want to say black cod, but the rest were sashimi or sushi, appearing incredibly simple but tasting complex.  We took our server's recommendation for sake - it was pricey, but floral and delicious.  My boyfriend raved about the meal as each course came and went - we both had a wonderful experience.  I will give it five stars, but I hesitate only because it was such a pricey experience.  I have no doubt that the fish was impeccably fresh and certainly worth paying for, but the bill for two of us was well over $200 including the sake.  And the food, while excellent, was extremely light and delicate.  Now I'm not a big fan of being stuffed to capacity, but with an $85 meal, I hoped to have a little bit more food.  I was also hoping to have a little more variety - perhaps this was my ignorance, but I was surprised that 4 of the courses were sashimi - just four thin, amazing pieces of fish on a plate.  They were all wonderful - but it was a lot of sashimi.  I was hoping for something more substantial, more bold, perhaps?But that doesn't change the fact that every bite of food we did have was of impeccable quality.  I'd recommend omakase only to those who are celebrating a special occasion, love raw fish, and are willing to pay over $100 per person for food and drink.  I think in the future, I'd come back and just order a variety of sashimi and maki.  And Umi was a class act, from start to finish, with outstanding service and chefs who are clearly passionate about their product.
5	I wanted to visit Umi at least twice before I felt like I could write a review.  Not to sound like a snob (just trying to emphasize a point here), but I am originally from Southern California and can honestly say I have tried some of the best sushi and sashimi around.  After visiting Umi twice now, I can, for a fact, say that I have had the best fish here.  I cannot emphasize how flavorful and fresh the sushi and sashimi is!  Of course, the freshness of the food doesn't come cheap.  I have been here twice with my boyfriend and our bill, excluding drinks, has always exceeded $100.  Servings are on the smaller side so you have to get a couple of entrees.  Anyway, the last time we went to Umi was on Valentine's Day.  I have a feeling that making reservations is always the way to go for this place, especially on special occasions and holidays.  During our visit, we got the oyster sashimi, miso soup, mixed seaweed salad, squid "pasta" with garlic sauce, the assorted sashimi entree and two different kinds of makis.  In addition, we also shared a dessert brought up from the Soba Lounge downstairs (Umi shares a delicious dessert menu with Soba).  There were only three oysters that came with one $15 order... I was a bit disappointed until I actually ate one.  It was the freshest oyster I have ever had and I am not exaggerating.  Also, another pleasant surprise for me was despite the fact that the assorted sashimi entree was only supposed to come with one serving of miso soup and salad, our server (during both visits) served the both of us with the soup and salad without having to be asked.  I thought that was pretty neat.  The miso soup tasted like it was made from scratch.  I could taste the flavor of the miso and the soup was not too salty or watery.  The texture of the seaweed salad was what I expected it to be.  I mean, you can't really go wrong with a seaweed salad, right?  The squid "pasta" was just like how the name made it sound - squid that was thinly sliced like pasta, served with a sort of buttery, garlic, ponzu sauce.  They served this with white rice on the side. The sashimi entree had five different types of sashimi: red snapper, yellowtail, mackarel, tuna, and salmon.  Goodness, I could go on and on about how absolutely delicious the sashimi was but I will not waste your time and just tell you to try it for yourself.  That is, if you are a fan of raw fish.  The makis we got were in small portions but were also delicious.If I could go back and eat at Umi every weekend, I would.  Alas, the prices do not fit my meager monthly budget.  However, Umi will always make the top of my list when dining out for special occasions.
2	I had some pretty high expectations for Umi, since it claimed to be the best sushi in Pittsburgh.  Those expectations kind of fell flat.Service here on a Saturday night was atrocious.  We waited about 10 minutes before we were asked what we would like to drink and then another 20 min before we were asked what we would like to order.  Not OK.  On top of that, our interactions with our waiter were just awkward.  Something seemed to be up, like there was some tension going on with him and maybe the staff/kitchen?  As far as the sushi goes... it's pretty good.  I got some maki rolls, which were very good, but nothing spectacular.  Miso soup... OK.  Salad was OK.  The sashimi definitely seemed like a better option and something they took greater pride in.  The people next to us who had ordered some sashimi options and seemed quite satisfied.  If I come back again, I'll make sure to order sashimi.  However, I was so annoyed by the lack of service that I doubt I'll be back anytime soon.
5	I've been meaning to try Umi for what seems like forever, since I am a huge fan of Soba downstairs. But it just seemed like I didn't have a reason since this is such a "special occassion" type of place. So I was super excited when Sheryl T. organized a UYE here. I wanted to let the dinner marinate in my head a bit before writing the review (well actually, I've just been really lazy and terrible at writing reviews lately), and I'm not exactly sure what to say about it other than it was outstanding.Most of us did the 8-course omakase. The portions are interesting, it starts out with a couple very small plates (tartare, sashimi) and you're thinking like, "oh my god, I'm going to be so hungry after this." But they get more substantial with some nigiri and a couple warm plates, and finally a gigantic dessert and at this point you're like, "oh my god, that was way too much food." Overall, the tasting menu played out nicely. My faves were the nigiri (creative, but in a way that pays homage to sushi rather than bastardizing it...not that I don't like spicy-tuna-fried-scallop-topped-with-tuna-tataki etc etc...but this is not the place for that), the miso black cod (simple, but done well), and the rock shrimp tempura (the sauce was a little heavy for me, but the shrimp itself was light and succulent in a way that I didn't know deep-fried food could possibly be).The desserts are the same ones found on Soba's menu and as I said, they are pretty rich and ridiculous. Actually, if I had any one thing i'd change, it would be that I would prefer a lighter dessert to complement the type of food here, but that could be because I'm just not a big dessert person. But it was pretty awesome to get to try every dessert on the menu! (I guess that's what happens when six ladies go out to dinner together...haha)I would definitely come back again, although it is very pricey so it's not so much a place to come and stuff your face with maki, and more of a birthday/anniversary/graduation/other major life event celebration spot. So, I guess I just need to find an excuse to come back. Thanks again for organizing, Sheryl!!
5	Excellent.  Mr. Shu is an artist.  I have been to Umi at least 40 times and have never had anything short of an excellent meal.  The service is always excellent and the fish shines every time.  If you have the time and can spring for it, the Omakase is a wonderful showcase of all Mr. Shu has to offer.  Some of my favorites include the Red Snapper with truffle, the Black Cod, the squid "pasta", and, of course, the salmon sushi, which my close friend and I simply call "crack".
5	Very fresh sushi and great atmosphere. The chef gave us complimentary appetizers and desserts, but we gladly gave the house more business by ordering tasty sushi and drinks.
5	I can't believe I haven't reviewed this yet because it was simply incredible!Seriously folks, if you're looking for a nice night on the tahn, look no further!  And my words of advice: DO THE OMAKASE TASTING MENU!  There's really nothing more to tell you other than you will find it incredible, I guarantee!  The Omakase tasting menu is either a seven course or eleven course dinner with dessert.  It's indulgent and worth every penny (at $85 and $130 respectively).  The plates served to you are small, but honestly not as small as I thought they'd be and the desserts, seriously, massive!  We had the salmon tartare, sawara seared with hot sesame oil, fluke sashimi, black cod with miso, tuna shashimi rock shrimp tempura and an array of sashimi (toro, snapper, salmon, tuna and saward).  Honestly everything was fantastic and fresh, just like fish should be.   Like I said, the desserts were all amazing and most of the choices were very rich.  I really enjoyed the chocolate maki and the inventive house made ice creams.  The overall experience blew me away.  From the service, to the food to the atmosphere it's a perfect 5 star place and if you live here and haven't been, don't wait any longer!
4	My friend and I went there last night and it was so good I can't stop thinking about it.  Even if I could stop thinking about that dinner, I'll be reminded of it every time I check my bank account balance because Umi must be the Japanese word for "you think you can afford this, but you cannot."I will absolutely dine at Umi again.I wish I'd ordered the Omakase, which is $85 but provides a sampling of everything and from the other reviews here it looks like a lot of people recommend it.  I advise ordering the Omakase because while $85 seems pricey, you're bil is going to be close that anyway.I know I keep talking about money and it makes me sound like a peasant, but having abject sticker shock at the end of any dining experience is never fun.It was, however, worth it.  My friend and I ordered a bunch of different things and everything was EXCELLENT!We had:vegetable tempuramiso soupwhite tuna sashimi which basically melts in your mouthtuna tatakisalmon with mushroom sashimisawara w garlic ponzu which was good but we found the garlic a little overwhelmingcalifornia rollstuna and cucumber rollsspicy tuna rollsat least 4 carafs of sakeI highly recommend this place, this would be a good place to go on a date if you aren't paying or if you are traveling with a corporate credit card.  MAKE RESERVATIONS.  We were there on a Wednesday and the guy who answered the phone to take my reservation acted like he was doing me a favor to fit me in.  It was a little crowded, but we were able to sit at a tatami table.Pro tip:  Wear pants.  A family w kids sat at the tatami table across from us and it was a bitch to get out of the tatami table while wearing a maxi dress without flashing everyone. Which is impressive since it was a long skirt.In summary:  Go to Umi, but only if you aren't paying.  Trust your servers recommendations, and get the Salmon & Mushroom sashimi
4	i've been to Umi for sushi several times and haven't been disappointed in the quality of the fish.  yes, it's delicious and high quality food.. so why the four stars you ask? because it's just a bit too pretentious for my taste.  yes, it's great quality fish and yes, the decor is very traditionally beautiful japanese... but what you read about the snobbery is true... 50$pp minimum @ the sushi bar? please.  i agree with a previous reviewer, it's beautiful, high quality food and service... but i always leave feeling like something is missing.
4	I ate here this past Friday evening with my girlfriend for dinner.  We decided to come here since it was the last of the Big Burrito restaurants that my girlfriend had not tried.  The inside of the restaurant is quaint with a sushi bar on one side where you can watch Mr. Shu ply his craft and many tables on the other longer side of the restaurant.  There are also a decent amount of sheet metal fish sculptures throughout the restaurant which I enjoyed looking at.Whenever our server came over, we queried him about a few of the Umi specials and in addition to the information about the dishes he told us that they were essentially big appetizers which was good to know.  After hearing that we decided to start off our meals with the sawara with garlic ponzu and squid pasta with garlic sauce.  Since we had also both ordered entrees with my girlfriend getting the terayaki salmon and myself the seafood tempura with a side spicy tuna maki, our meals actually started with a miso soup and ginger dressing salad.  There was nothing special with either although I do always enjoy both at many sushi places. Soon after we finished those the sawara came out and it was a Spanish Mackeral cut into 7 pieces with a tiny sliver of raw garlic on top surrounding the garlic ponzu.  We were instructed to wrap the fish around the garlic and dip it into the sauce which we both did.  The combined flavors were very enjoyable with the standout being the sauce.  After that our squid pasta came out which was some squid that looked julienned and then seared with some shitaki mushrooms and asparagus on top of a bed of garlic sauce.  This dish was interesting for me as I was not a big fan of having the squid in the sauce alone but really enjoyed it whenever I combined it with some of the vegetables.  The Shitake mushrooms might actually have been the best that I have ever had as they seemed to melt in your mouth.  After we had finished the plate our server ended up bringing out a side of rice onto which he poured the sauce from our now empty dish.  In doing so he explained that the sauce was too good to waste.  After trying the sauce covered rice my girlfriend and I both readily agreed with him.  Finally after making our way through all of the other courses, our entrees came out.  My seafood tempura ended up consisting of broccoli, asparagus, crab, fake crab and a single piece of fish all breaded in tempura with a side of soy sauce.  This dish was actually the biggest disappointment of the evening for me for a few reasons including the single piece of fish and also that it seemed to lack the depth of flavors that the rest of the dishes so nicely displayed.  Thankfully my maki was delivered at the same time and had a flavor punch that diverted me from the much more vanilla tempura.  Since I am not a huge fan of salmon I did not try my girlfriends dish but she did assure me that she enjoyed it whenever I asked her about it.The bottom line for me is that I would definitely be back in the future.  I am not so sure that I would order an entree again but I would certainly love to try more of their creations and could probably make a meal of their maki and sushi.
4	Best sushi I've had in Pittsburgh. The white tuna was great! The portions are very small, so we kept ordering more and more dishes as we ate.
3	There isn't a day that goes by that I think of what we could have done with that $400 we spent.  Went for my birthday, got the 11 course tasting.  Were so amped up for it, and then..........   course after course we were disappointed.  It wasn't as if it tasted bad (although one course did) it was that 3 pieces of sashimi prepared with a different ponzu sauce for about 5 out of 11 courses is not gonna get the job done if you expect it to be worth it.  We honest to god didn't see what the big deal is.  Believe me, we LOVE sushi!!!  If Little Tokyo in Mt Lebo would just spice up their menu a bit with some different applications, they would be the best place to go.  For the price we paid, we were let down hard.  OH! plus I love kids, but on a Saturday night there were kids everywhere! I counted 12 little kids running around the place.  I am sorry, but it just didn't fit the atmosphere.  I have gotten chefs tastings all around this city, New York, France, Italy...  None were ever this expensive.  Most, had wine included with each, and left me excited, full and not upset that I just spent a fortune on it.  I do not think I will return here again.
3	Was really looking forward to trying Umi as I had heard great things! However I was disappointed- mostly with the ambiance and portions. We went on a beautiful fall night; however, the place was empty. I am always skeptical when is a restaurant isn't bustling with people! For appetizer, I ordered the lobster miso. Highly recommend the lobster miso as there was a decent amount of lobster in the soup. For my meal, I ordered the black cod with miso. The quality of the fish was incredible! However, the portion was tiny. I was not satisfied after my meal. Looking back, I should have ordered a side of rice to complete my meal. My boyfriend ordered the sushi platter which was much better value for your money. If I go back, I will definitely order that. What did fill me up was the dessert: the chocolate pretzel. It looked like a work of art when it arrived but of course was demolished in under 10 minutes by my fork!
5	I simply love Umi and have for many years. I live away from Pittsburgh now, but when I'm in town, it tops the list. Oiishi!
4	Yummy Asian Fusion. Delicious Cocktails. Cool Ambiance.
4	Based on past Yelp reviews, I had two main concerns with dining at Umi: the expense and the small portion sizes.  Luckily, neither of these turned out to be an issue.  In fact, my boyfriend and I were able leave feeling satisfied and without spending over $100 (not including tip).Although I had heard rave reviews about the Omakase tasting menu, we decided to order off the menu.  We went with the Vegetable Tempura appetizer and ordered the sushi and sashimi platters to split as our entrees.  The platters both came with miso soup and ginger salad.The sushi platter came with one small 6-piece maki roll and 8 pieces of sushi.  The sashimi platter was presented in a bowl of ice and consisted of five varieties of fish.  Everything was very tasty and obviously high-quality.  A pic of our order: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/umi-pittsburgh?select=AhZ3Ixr2boyQFTtvVKeQHg#AhZ3Ixr2boyQFTtvVKeQHgAt this point, we had eaten Vegetable Tempura, Miso Soup, Salad, and a variety of sushi and sashimi.  We were still a little hungry, but decided some dessert would do the trick.  We observed what some of the diners around us had ordered, and decided to go with the ice-cream sandwich dessert.  If the sushi and entree portions here are considered small, the dessert portions are definitely normal or even large.  The table next to us had ordered a delicious looking banana sundae with three scoops of ice-cream, and I've heard the chocolate pretzel dessert is awesome too...next time!When it was all said and done, my boyfriend and I had ordered two drinks, an appetizer, soups and salads, two entrees, and dessert, all for about $98.  Not too bad, and probably comparable to other high-end restaurants in Pittsburgh.My only complaints...I wish the lights had been a bit more dim, and we were absolutely freezing during our meal.  It seemed as though a door or window was open somewhere behind us and was letting in a gust of wintery air.  However, the ambiance overall was very enjoyable, and I would definitely recommend this restaurant for a date night or special occasion.  The free valet parking is a great perk too.
5	OVERALL:The best meal I've had in Pittsburgh! Yes - this beats out the likes of Casbah, Eleven, Nine on Nine, and Tamari.FOOD:Excellent. Having heard enough good things, we opted for the Omakase (chef's choice). Course after course of sensationally prepared sashimi and nigiri-sushi, with sauces that were flavorful enough to set off the fish, yet delicate enough not to overpower it. Mr. Shu presented us with Maguro (Tuna), Hamachi (Yellowtail), Hirame (Fluke), Kanpachi (young Yellowtail), Saba (Mackerel) and a few others. Miso soup, of course. There was one cooked course - a buttery soft fillet of cod that simply melted in the mouth.The culinary delights continued with desserts. I got the chocolate maki, which was rich and delicious. Thankfully, it was also the only time that maki made any sort of an appearance at the table. Truth be told, I was a little apprehensive that the Omakase would include a few courses of maki, especially since the table next to us seemed to be busy wolfing down California rolls.All in all, an excellent tasting menu. Portion sizes were just right, with enough food to leave you happily sated, but not stuffed. I was surprised to see reviews complaining about the small portion sizes - sushi is not something that you traditionally expect to find in Cheesecake Factory size portions!SERVICE:Service was about average. Servers were friendly, helpful and knowledgeable, but a little on the slow side. We had a reservation and we were seated within a few minutes. It took us a little while after we were seated for them to get our drink order and there were a few other times when we were looking for a server but couldn't find one. AMBIANCE:This is really the only thing I'd knock about Umi. I feel like they had the potential to really go for an upscale Japanese look and didn't. Instead, it feels a bit haphazard, with a mish-mash of a traditional and contemporary that doesn't quite mesh. It's by no means bad though - it was comfortable and enjoyable - just not up to its potential.FINAL VERDICT:This is a place you can take your friends who are visiting from NYC or Philly and have it more than hold its own. Do yourself a favor and skip the grocery store rolls and go for the Omakase.
5	Being a big sushi fan, I can't believe I went almost four years in Pittsburgh (with 2 in Shadyside) without going to Umi. The food was very good, but it was really the service, venue/seating, and ambiance that helped make the experience. We had a reservation but choose to wait a few extra minutes for the tatami seating, so we enjoyed a quick drink downstairs while we waited. Having never sat at a table like this before, it was quite a fun experience.We started with the stuffed shiitake and the edamame, but which were delicious. Next we had the sawara seared with hot sesame oil and the red snapper with truffle oil. The sawara was the one fish that I was not excited by - I thought it was pretty bland and the sesame oil didn't do much to help. The red snapper, however, made up for it. It was the freshest snapper I've had since moving to the 'burgh and it was complimented perfectly by the truffle oil. I could have eaten just this for dinner and been satisfied. We also tried one of the assorted sushi plates which came with salmon, fluke, tuna, and a few others - they were all great. I know we ordered a few other dishes as well but they are slipping mind at the moment. To finish the night we had the sesame ice cream, which I have never had before. Our waitress described it as "peanut-buttery" which I didn't understand until I tried it, and that is the best description I can think of now. It was quite tasty. The wines and sake are also good! Come thirsty!
4	One of the best Sushi experience I had so far. I was on a short visit to Pittsburgh and looking for a good sushi joint for dinner, went by the yelp reviews and as always it was a good experience. I tried their sushi (assorted) which comes with soup and salad. Soup and salad were amazing to start with and sushi combination was pretty good. Overall with couple of drinks it costed me 50$ but it was worthwhile i would sayService was very professional and attentive, and the overall ambience was awesome.I would recommend this place to anyone who enjoys good sushi.
5	Be sure to try the el jefe! ;)* transparency: i visited Umi twice, while visiting Pittsburgh every week for a matter of months during the fall of 2012. Umi was one of our team's favorite venues.
1	Date & Time of Visit:  May 21, DinnertimeI don't know what this place was thinking with their eighty-five-dollar, eight-course tasting menu.  That menu had microscopic-size courses and the taste, after the first two (2) courses, were repetitive--and mostly on the sweet side.  Moreover, the place has the sticky feel that one would associate with divey restaurants.  As for their restroom, only one and a unisex one at that.  And yes, there was urine on the floor.
4	Went to Umi last night on a first date.  The wine was delicious, had two glasses of Sauvignon Blanc, and ordered 4 rolls to share.  Spicy Tuna was delicious, there was no spicy mayo, but it didn't even need it.  The spicy softshell crab roll was amazing and i stuffed it into my mouth as usual because its a larger sized sushi.  The most delicious was the Eel and cucumber roll.  The other was the green fuji, this was different and delicious.  For dessert we ordered the chocolate covered pretzel and it was out of this world.  Chocolate mousse, chocolate salty pretzel rounds stacked on top of each other with caramel drizzled over the entire thing.  I'd go back just for dessert.  I'd also like to try some entrees but we were there just for sushi.Will definitely go again.
4	Delicious. We got a couple plates and just split them up... But the cucumber eel maki roll was perfect. Eel not too overpowering. Also the... Shoot I forget the name but it was the green something. Also very good. Quiet place. Good service.Then we had an assorted tray of sashimi. A few weird ones but overall very good sushi.
4	My favorite sushi in the city of Pittsburgh. I gave 4 stars and not 5 due to cost $$$$! We try to eat here at least 3 to 4 times a year. The sushi is the freshest and most tasteful. I lived in Los Angeles for 8 years and was spoiled the sushi restaurants. I have introduced numerous friends to sushi at Umi that had never eaten Sushi before and now they love it. I have brought friends who thought their local place was good and I said that I am a sushi snob. Once they tried Umi they understood what I meant and how better their sushi was. Try the spaghetti squid  along with the miso crusted black cod.
5	best sushi i have had in any US city.  best restaurant in Pitt hands down.
5	Excellent cocktail menu first of all, followed by an excting dinner menu that has not failed yet. Sushi has always been fresh and perfectly presented. I've made this a regular on my dining rotation.
5	I love coming to Umi to celebrate any occasion, big or small. It's become a fun celebratory spot for my husband and me. We find it's possible to get out without spending an arm and a leg if you do it right. Don't expect to get stuffed, or else you will be spending beaucoup bucks. But like I said, it is possible to eat here for a reasonably. I recommend starting with a starter such as the tuna sashimi, but don't waste $7 on edamame that you could buy at Trader Joes. Then start with 6 or so rolls. You can always order more later if you are still hungry.I love the Pinot Gris by the glass from the Willamette Valley. Its crisp acidity goes perfectly with maki rolls and sushi.The white tuna sashimi is a perfect starter. My mom (who hated anything resembling raw fish before coming to Umi) couldn't get enough of this. It's a must.The white fish and mint is my favorite roll. Something about the brightness of the mint against the subtle, freshness of the white fish makes this roll absolutely to die for. I also can't get enough of the salmon sushi. It's topped with cream cheese and cherry tomato. Our waiter recommended it to me once, and I have to order at least one piece every time I go!They use Soba's dessert menu, so it's great that I can get all my favorite Soba desserts when I come to Umi.
5	Best sushi in Pittsburgh. Small restaurant so definitely make reservations and try the omakase. Like the tatami mat seating as well.
1	This used to be our favorite place when we first moved to Pittsburgh two years ago.  It had good quality fish and a nice atmosphere/cool staff.  As of our last visit, about two months, ago, the menu still had not changed, the portions of fish were smaller while prices stayed the same, and the atmosphere was on par with that of a Hofbrauhaus.  A drunken man knocked into our table on his way storming out of the restaurant which was immediately proceeded by the members of two different large tables rising from their chairs and yelling obscenities at each other.  It literally looked like there was going to be a brawl.  The members of these tables fairly quickly left the restaurant; however, the staff and manager simply acted as if nothing had happened.  No one came by to see if things had spilled on our table which was run into.  It was absolutely not the experience we expected to have, and it is a disappointment that this place has gone downhill.
5	Absolutely superb!  The price tag is a bit steep but I was prepared after reading reviews first.  I will say, I am not a sushi, sashimi or even a seafood connoisseur but Umi has opened my eyes--or at least broadened their view (and tastebuds)--to these wonderful foods.  I always stick to the boring rolls i.e. Cali, Boston, Alaskan etc. but coming here I knew I had to branch out and actually try some of the raw stuff.  I had the 7 course and it was AUH MAY ZING.  I hate "fishy" tasting dishes and none of the courses even resembled the taste seafood (unless you chose to eat the black cod with the skin).  My favorites were the tartare, the black cod and the sashimi at the end.If you are iffy about sushi/seafood this is the place you need to be to try it!  My boyfriend hates sushi so I made dinner reservations for this Friday so he can taste how great 'real' sushi is.  He's reluctant to try but I know he's going to love it once he does!
3	Delicious sushi, very professional wait staff, but probably won't go back for a few reasons.  The restaurant is in Shadyside on the top floor of a 3 floor building.  Get ready to walk up two steep flights of steps.  I hope you have a reservation, because there is no waiting area at the top.  You have to walk aaallll the way back down 2 flights of steps and wait at the bar, then walk back up when your table is ready.  They won't let you sit at the sushi bar unless you order from some special menu.  It was just silly.Wife and I each got a Sushi platter entree ($30).  It came with 8 small pieces of nigiri sushi and a salmon roll cut up into 6 small pieces.  Each piece of nigiri had a different garnish on it, such as garlic aioli, cream cheese etc.  This was a nice touch and enhanced the flavor a good bit.  It really was good sushi, but the quantity was about 4 nigiri pieces short of acceptable for me.  On the plus side, the platter includes miso soup & ginger salad.I'll say this is a nice place, but it's just not for me.  I'd rather go to Sushi Kim in the Strip, get twice as much sushi for the money and have a table right away.  I spent over $70 here and left hungry.  How can I possibly go back?
1	Paid $1100 for the required course - party of 6 - and unfortunately did not come close to feeling satisfied in any regard - sorry guys - not a fan and way overpriced
5	One of the best omakase I've ever had.  ($130 per person for 11 course, and you can go on and add on more courses if you want) worth every penny! Better than NYC or LA, what a gem! Came here a second time for my anniversary dinner! It would be a waste to order normal sushi rolls here (which I saw quite often) and NOT sit at the bar to enjoy Mr. Shu's amazing, AMaZING creations live. Mr. Shu was a chef at NOBU NYC years ago and has definitely surpassed them in terms of quality and taste of his creations. This place is only worth it if you are a serious sushi connoisseur and if you are going to order their omakase.
5	Absolutely delicious - and the prices is pretty up there too.  We had the 5 course chefs special. Everything was perfect.  The service was beyond superb. What a lovely place. If I lived in PGH I'd visit this place more often - if my checkbook would allow for it.  Pricey, fancy, fresh sushi - small servings - remember that if your hungry.
4	The taste is unbeatable, but the prices are so expensive that after spending $150 you'll still be hungry!
5	I'm very surprised at the quantity of low reviews for this place, as I think it has the best sushi in the city and is one of my favorite restaurants in Pittsburgh.  Yes, it is pricey but I think it's safe to assume that the quality and freshness of fish here is a little bit higher than the stuff you see at your local Giant  Eagle.  I definitely suggest trying the Wasabi Tobiko ($4 per piece).  Such a unique piece of sushi, and one of the reasons I've been counting down the days until my next visit to Umi.
5	Omikase special is the way to go.  I have never liked mackerel.  I was told it would be one of the dishes and that if I didn't like it my meal would be free.  I couldn't even pretend I didn't like it.  Each dish the chef made was amazing!
5	Exquisite!!
5	the best Japanese restaurant in Pittsburgh, have to try the omakase which is absolutely deserve 100 bucks! Enjoy it
