4	The Diplomat Apartments are comprised of three buildings in which each section holds its own charm. Built in the 1950s the buildings have housed many celebrities of the day where it is rumored that Dean Martin would sip cocktails by the pool with showgirls. The main building, resting on Paradise, faces the Wynn which originally was the location of the Desert Inn Casino with a popular golf course amongst the social elite in Vegas during the 60s and 70s. Today, it stands as a testament of long-standing history in city where history is often blown from the sands. Comprised of three buildings, Dip1 is the main original building with it's signature bow-tie shape. The grounds are kept up with plenty of palm trees, eucalyptus, grass and bushes. With three spacious layouts (1BR, Loft, 2BR) the interiors maintain their charm and are great for the single person, couple, or starter family.Dip 2 is a the newest of the three buildings (built in the 1970s) and rests behind the main building on Sierra Vista Drive. These are larger and contain open floor plans while Dip3 is the farthest building to the east also on Sierra Vista. This building is comprised of "bungalow" duplex one-bedroom units.There's lots of history with The Diplomat Apartments ranging from the glory days mentioned above to a downfall in the 90s where it was a haven for drug pushes, pimps, and nefarious types. While further down east on Sierra Vista the neighborhood may be considered undesirable, much of the land is being bought up by the Las Vegas Convention Center. The LVMPD patrol regularly as their Convention Center Command Station (which services the LV Strip) is a block away. Paradise Road is busy at all hours with tourists and locals alike. It's easy to be scared away by the surrounding neighborhood but The Diplomat Apartments are an oasis in all this. The location can't be beat. It's close to work/entertainment on The Strip. Major bus lines run to the airport and downtown Las Vegas. Less than a half mile away is the Boulevard Mall and other shopping. UNLV is just a short drive away. It's like getting all the best Las Vegas has to offer.The tenants are good people and many have lived there for many years. Rents are incredibly affordable and they offer electricity, gas, and water to be paid! This is a GREAT DEAL, especially in the summertime when temperatures rise above 110 degrees! You can run that Air Conditioner all you want.Maintenance is prompt on fixing problems and management is beyond approachable. My $.02 -In a town that caters to transients and treats everyone like outsiders, where every vice is on the table for the taking, The Diplomat Apartments are a great oasis and a great place to life. Caring management try to provide a sense of community without getting into your personal business. On top of that, it's HIGHLY affordable. I recommend living here.
5	i love it here rent is soo affordable and the apartments r huge alot of cabinet space dishwasher,stove, fridge , all included ! alot of closets space what i love the most :)
4	The Diplomat is a nice place to live. Conveniently next to the strip and transportation. The cost of apartments are great and comes with utilities included! Great new renovated pool and laundry facilities on site! Spacious living rooms and bedrooms! The staff are EXTREMELY nice and easy to talk to, always making sure your taken care of. If you have a budget and want someplace nice I would definitely check them out!
