3	The Supermarket aisles doesnt seem to be to organized. The Employees are friendly. I miss the Ice Cream shop that was inside. The Gas Station is a big conveniece. The prices are good.
2	I have to give the staff at this store credit for dealing with the flood of crackheads that visit this store on a daily basis. That being said, I can understand where some of the gruffness in customer service comes from. I'd be angry too if I was constantly trying to help some wackadoo figure out the self-check out system without saying "hey dummy, why didn't you just go to a regular check out line?"This Smith's was recently rennovated and has a much more aesthetically pleasing look to it however there is no doubt in my mind that the customers patronizing this location will trash it up  just as quickly as it was rennovated.The store itself is pretty well stocked and has a nice produce section. The prices are decent and the staff is ok. But. Like I said, they deal with a lot of crack heads and that could definitely affect how they interact with everyone.It's hard not to judge a business on its patrons, but I can't help it with this Smith's. If you want a quick shopping trip, don't come here. Because it's very likely that the person in front of you is going to get their card declined, not have enough cash or tries to bargain with the cashier because they've mistaken this business for the swapmeet they frequent on the weekends. The staff has no control over this, but it makes for a very stressful experience, especially if you're just trying to get one or two things and head home after a long day of work.This Smith's is ok-if you're in the area you know there's not much to choose from so you accept it. I often drive miles and miles out of my way to shop elsewhere and keep my blood pressure down.
5	This is my go to grocery store on the eastside. Probably less than two miles from my house.The staff is nice.I believe her name is Brenda? She deserves a gold medal in hospitality.I love places that remember you and are extra nice.The store is usually clean.I usually frequent at night time and there's never really a line. I wish the flower section wasn't in the front though.. I'm sure the staff would be questionable about a person with a full cart shopping up front.Overall for the prices, cleanliness, and sales this is definitely my grocery store of choice.Now if only they put a Starbucks in here..
2	It's kind of weird where I rate this Smith's lower than another Smith's where I get called racial slurs, ha.I will start at 5 Stars and give appropriate adjustments as to how I ended up with 2 stars.Minus 1 Star since every damn time I head into this Smiths, the same kid keeps on asking me for change. I know you aren't homeless, you are too pro at it.  Minus 1 Star for it never being clean, I mainly go to Smiths because it's supposed to (to me) be a grocery store with better customer service...or a better customer experience than a Walmart.  This smiths doesn't do that.Minus 1 for just having a very odd atmosphere, I just cant' explain it...it completely doesn't feel right.  I do like that they sell my rice cakes, the parking situation is good and it's a 1 minute drive from where I am half the time so it's convenient. I probably sound super cynical on this review, maybe because I'm starving.  But I can't imagine giving this place 3 stars, but it's a 2.8 rounding down for me.It's a love/hate grocery store relationship between us, of course I'll be back.#SpareSomeChange
3	I don't go to this Smith's very often, but when I do it serves as an okay place to grocery shop. I guess I tend to hit up this Smith's when I happen to be getting Wingstop, which is located right outside the parking lot. The produce section is nice, pretty well setup. The artisan bread section is awesome. I love that it's enclosed behind the plastic windows and you can open it up and choose which bread you'd like. They're all baked fresh daily.The only real complaint is the clientele of this particular Smith's. The poor store is in the ghetto so the people shopping there are less than desirable. I guess it's not as bad as shopping at Wal-Mart though.
3	The store is usually clean and they have lots of deals going on!
4	I honestly love this location. Store is very clean and orderly. The meat department has great quality meats and fish. I really enjoy the deli here as well. Another thing I'd like to point out is they carry a small variety of craft beer here which sometimes saves me an extra trip.
4	Fresh bagels and donuts first thing in the morning!!! And cheaper than any other place.
3	This is my to-go grocery store. I've come to like it more than the Wal-Mart that is near by. It has better meats, vegetables, and fruits to choose from. I have the rewards card so most of the foods I buy are marked down which is helpful. I do recommend everyone get a card when they shop here because I bought meats that were up to 26$ and with the rewards card it can mark down to as much as 12$! I don't know about you but that's a steal!I wouldn't buy alcohol here though, it's kind of on the pricey side. Although my favorite Moscato is only 7$! The staff aren't really that helpful, it's pretty much a hit or miss. But it's pretty clean & organized and it gets the job done!
5	This is the only grocery store I buy my meats at. The price is fair and the product is top of the brand. I love their produce. Especially the apples. I love the anywhere from 2X to 4X the Smith gas points when you buy gift cards. And I really look forward to my coupons in the mail.CON: Loose baking Potatoes. the price is good the produce itself is under par. I am disappointed in only that them. Its a shame everything else is so fresh and they are so not worth the money.
5	Since my review I have gone back twice and the loose potatoes have improved . Don't know if anyone saw my review, I was very pleased to see the change!!
1	This place is horrible. The pharmacy staff is rude, slow, and have actually sent my prescriptions to other pharmacies without my requesting them to do so. Terri S. actually told me today that I would have to drive across town for one they screwed up. When I persisted, she asked me to go outside to the walk up window to give her a chance to call and have it fixed. When I got around to the window, they had put up a "this window is closed" sign. Oddly enough, "Terri S." was nowhere to be seen either. This is not the first time I have had problems with rude staff at this location, either. Their normal weekday staff ignores customers until they are addressed verbally, and they have a tendency to serve multiple customers out of the same window simultaneously. I would strongly urge anyone considering visiting this location to go elsewhere. Even Walmart has better customer service. I can't believe I just said that, but it is true.
5	You can find me here a couple times a week.   It's where I buy my families meat and produce.  Fast check outs and lots of baggers on.staff all the time.
3	I've been a customer of the pharmacy for years because it takes my insurance and its the closest Smith's to my house.  Somehow I seem to have multiple problems with them.  My information gets changed in their computer system, they don't call with information they say they will call with and I am always told they are doing the best they can or they have no control over it.  I am tired of being told different stories and am considering changing pharmacies for my family.
1	i thought pharmacists were supposed to help people. if i could give less then 1 star i would. the woman here treats every patient like a drug addict. my sister had just got out of the hospital after having her gall bladder removed and this woman wouldnt fill her prescription. i would go anywhere but here. and i wish i could do more than just leave this review.
