4	I don't typically review grocery stores, because I don't usually have anything fantastic or tragic happen. But, I guess I have something to talk about now. I've been to this particular Safeway many times, but a couple months ago when my fiance was sick I happened to ask the pharmacist for any recommendations, she gladly helped me. I went back again tonight with a case of an ear ache, hoping she was working, and she was, and again, she was more than happy to help me find what I was looking for. She also gave me some advice (nothing that would need a neurosurgeon referral or anything) she suggested a warm wet rag, blah blah blah.Anyway, she was very helpful, more than any grocery store or Walgreen's pharmacist I've ever encountered, so I wanted to give her a Yelp hi-five. Oh and I scored a decent bottle of wine for less than five bucks. Yay.
3	Pretty standard for a grocery store, long aisles full of processed foods, sugar, and high-fructose corn syrup.  Pro: They do offer a very slim variety of Organic brand foods in some instances, and their frozen food section is especially on par with this, including some lesser known brands throughout the big chain groceries (like Annie's) that cater to those with lactose or gluten intolerances.  Also, prices are relatively cheap, but you're sacrificing quality.Con: No paper bag option.  It's plastic all the way.  The one or two times I shop here for last minute items, I usually bring my own bag because it's kind of ignorant for them to not offer a substitute.
5	The employees at this location are AWESOME!My husband and I have been going here for several years now and there are several employees that have been there as long. They know us by face and preference and always have an upbeat attitude. I have never enjoyed going to a grocery store before going to this one! They always put a smile on my face, even after a long day at work. We will be moving soon, and I am sad that this store will not be nearby anymore! I will have to stop by every once in a while to say hi to Sandy, Russel and Chris!The produce is always fresh and maintained, and the store is neat and tidy. Great wine prices!
4	Safeway is expensive.  It just is.  But they often have good sales.  The produce is generally pretty good (though we prefer Sprouts' produce generally), the meats are generally good, and their deli area is really good.  Their soups and chili are probably the best of all the grocery stores.  They sell them either hot , or pre-packed in a refrigerator.  The chili has a lot of meat, and is very flavorful without being salty.  Their deli sandwiches are pretty good, too.This particular location is clean and the employees are friendly and helpful.
3	It's Safeway.  Pretty much like all Safeway's.  This one is pretty good.  Generally good produce, good meats, and the bakery is not bad.  They can be a bit pricey, but shop the sales and use their new smartphone app and you can save some money.Their store-brand frozen foods are usually really good.  They're like appetizers or maybe munchies while watching a movie at home.  We've tried several.The staff here is friendly and helpful.  More so than most stores.
5	Great selection of produce. Good bakery and deli. Meat prices always competitive.
5	I lived nearby for 4 years, and was on a first name basis with the cashiers. Never once, ever, did I have anything short of an awesome experience there. I love you guys!
3	No idea why I'm writing a review for a grocery store. I'm bored I suppose. The prices here are pretty terrible unless the item you're buying is on sale. The only reason I shop at this location is because of the cashier staff and the distance. The management is okay for the most part but there's one older gentleman of southwest asian descent that is pretty rude to every customer. I'm not sure if he's a manager or a bagger, or just a customer service dude. I've been going there for two years when I don't feel like driving to Fry's for groceries and haven't ever had a problem. The cashiers are friendly and after watching me forget to do so time and time again, remind me to buy ice. The Starbucks inside is the bane of my money's existence.
4	This is my go-to Safeway since it's very close to my last two homes.  I think overall the prices at Safeway are likely higher (I have no scientific proof) but if you use your loyalty card, take advantage of the "Just for U" coupons and offers, and buy things on sale, you can get some pretty good deals.  Without coupon clipping.This location is pretty slow most of the time.  I mean that in terms of customers in the store, not speed of the cashiers.The guy in the produce department is always super friendly, and everyone else is helpful too.  Solid grocery shopping experience.  No complaints.  I'll be back!
5	Great service ! After 7pm, and they sold out of their signature chunky chicken noodle soup. But the deli rep warmed up a small batch for us. Safeway has the best ready-made chicken noodle soup ! Chunky, yummy and just the right consistency and great service with a smile. The kale super salad was fabulous too ! Add a rotisserie chicken (or KFC :-) and voila a balanced meal.
2	After leaving Home Depot I stopped by for one item, a green (bell) pepper.  Guess how much it (yes, just one) cost?  $1.50!!  I'm a sucker for convenience which is why I was at Safeway to begin with, but to pay a buck-fifty for a pepper knowing at least half would become garbage..I just couldn't do it!  I don't dislike this store, but sometimes you have to draw the line.  My line looked like a green pepper.
3	The prices were so-so.  The store was clean.The bakery is hidden in the back left corner behind the alcohol - I just wasn't expecting that, although now that I think about it, it makes sense...most people snack with their drinks, right?The disappointing thing was that we arrived for balloons and flowers, but had to go to customer service and ask for help...but we had to wait several minutes for someone to even show up at customer service and then at least 5 more for someone to show up at floral.  NOT a big deal, we weren't in a hurry, it just wasn't properly staffed.  The man who finally helped us was great and friendly, however.
4	I wouldn't normally take the time to review a grocery store but I feel the need to because this one really goes above and beyond in terms of customer service. The cashiers there are always friendly...they actually make eye contact and TALK to you (imagine that!) And every time I have a cart full of groceries they have always asked if I needed help loading into the car. I always decline, but it's a nice gesture. Colin at the deli is great!! It seems like each time I'm there it happens to be after the deli has closed and he doesn't  mind rewashing the equipment to get me what I need (have to remember to get there earlier!) Better prices would put this store at 5 stars!
