3	Outland is a pretty good little cigar store in the South Park area of Charlotte. They have a nice outside patio where you can smoke cigars and enjoy libations. The inside of the shop is small and quaint. The have a decent walk-in humidor with shelves almost up to the ceiling full of cigars.The folks who work there don't seem to be cigar experts but they know a little bit. They are certainly not hold the experience to the like of the folks at Tinder Box, up the street.They do have their own brand of cigar. I have yet to try it, as it is a $10 stick and at that price I can choose a cigar that I know is great. However one day when I have money to risk on it, I do plan on going and trying it. Maybe I'll update this review after I do.This is a nice cigar shop, however it's a little to close to my favorite Charlotte area cigar shop Tinder Box. Outland does boast the out door cigar patio and their own brand, however in selection, wisdom and often price, Tinderbox wins.
3	A decent selection of cigars and a comfortable members room with a lots of TVs and a bar next door.Tip- Stop at a liquor store and get a small amount of your bev of choice and enjoy this male bastion.
4	A quick stop to pick up two cigars (one for tonight and one for later). The folks working this Outland and the other in Ballantyne know cigars and they know their inventory. When you don't know what you want - that would be me - they can make good recommendations. Prices are a bit much, but these aren't the grape flavored ones you pick up at the 7/11. These are proper cigars and so they're going to be $5, $6 or much more.They have a small seating area outside next to the Taco Mac if you're feeling like having a smoke right now.
5	My friend Rich (Outland's El Embajador) helped to recruit me over to this fine cigar shop and lounge. Tom (the owner) and Scott both know their cigars inside and out - literally. It was in this shop that I became acquainted - and fell in love - with Tatuajes. Anyway, there's also a case of fine truffles from a local chocolate shop. Huge variety and a rotating list of flavors. Nothing beats enjoying one of these with a full-bodied stick. (Giggity.)The best part of this experience is the lounge in the back. Tom makes sure it is in immaculate condition. You'll find big leather easy chairs, a couch, free non-alcoholic drinks (you can also BYOB), glassware for said drinks, and a bar area with free snackies. Large LCD TVs throughout the whole lounge also. In general, this is a great place to come after a hard day (or night) of work to unwind and let that fine tobacco smoke melt your troubles away.
5	Hello friends,I was trying to find another cigar spot other than T.B. Yelp'd it. Found this place and read reviews. It's not too far from my home,  so I stopped by. Nice Small place. One may say a little tight. I didn't make it to the back because it was pretty much a grab & go for me to enjoy my cigars on the 4th. Well, that didn't happen so I'll probably just go back and visit....the back room. I'll add this place to my go-to places for a new stick or two. Out front may be a nice place also, since its RIGHT beside T.M.Go enjoy
5	I was so happy to find this place for my boyfriend who was jonesing for a cigar. They had a large variety of cigars. The owners were extremely friendly and personable. Which made us feel welcome. We are looking to move to NC so this visit only made us want to more. While you needed to be a member to lounge inside. You are more than welcome to use the seats outside and enjoy the view of piedmont row. We will definitely be back and hope to get a membership.
5	Great cigar shop and excellent private lounge right in the heart of south park. Has everything you need to enjoy a good days smoke in a quiet and comfortable atmosphere.
5	It's been true in my experience that a business often reflects the quality and passion of the owner. This has been no different with Outland Cigar and the owner, Tom. First, he's a great guy to strike up a conversation with, yes, pun intended. His passion for creating this space for people to come and enjoy what he himself enjoys has made this the fine establishment that it is. He and his staff are very knowledgeable and were patient in explaining the differences between the cigars I was looking at. They also helped me hone in on the best cigar I've ever smoked by asking me a few questions about my personal taste preferences. Next time you're in the area, stop in and find a good cigar to enjoy after dinner because they will make it worth your while!
5	Outland Cigar Ballantyne is awesome. Great folks great atmosphere a top notch cigar club and evolving culture.  A rated experience.
1	Disappointed with the fact that I made sure I was here on Friday at 2:00 only to find the store closed. Even went to lunch and cane back at 2:45 still closed.
