1	f I could give them no stars I would, but for the sake of the rating system, one star it is.  While I did like their selection of glasses, the place has less than mediocre service.  The doctor's appointment was fine.  All I wanted to know was if my glasses prescription needed to be increased.  The final bill was for more things than what I needed, which meant I paid for more than what I'd hoped to receive.  Also the glasses I purchased are transition polycarbonate lenses.  Up until a year into it, they were fine.  Since then the transition film has become covered in tiny cracks covering the entirety of both lenses.  Naturally they only guaranteed their work for 1 year.  Beware of the transition lenses from this place.  Do your research first! Transitions Optical, the company that created these lenses that darken in sunlightt, says you should get a certificate of authenticity at the time of purchase and are warrantied by Transitions Optical for two years.  I did not receive a certificate of authenticity.  The multitude of tiny cracks going across my transition lenses make things appear blurry, as if I weren't wearing glasses!   I wouldn't advise doing business here.  Although I still like the frames, I'll get my lenses replaced elsewhere and make sure the customer service is better if I should have problems later!
1	I loved this place because I had amazing health insurance at the time so I happily paid $400 for 2 pairs of glasses which would have cost us $1500 out of pocket. I liked their frame selection because they carry Gucci, Dior, & Oliver People's but they are TERRIBLE at doing lenses. If you have bad eyesight and actually need glasses to do their job, do not come here. My husband and I both got the poly-carbonate lenses with anti-glare and I was so disappointed by the quality. I needed my glasses adjusted when I got them (as everybody does) and the crappy lab that these people send their glasses to put on a cheap layer of anti-glare so that when they're adjusted, they literally melt and smear!!! Who does that!? I've been wearing glasses for 10 years now and have never had to deal with something so ridiculous. After my first fitting and my lenses got smeared, they sent them back and received the second pair a week and a half later. Those got smeared during the adjustment process too. Those were sent back and on my 3rd pair, the people realized that they'll have to put a cloth over the lenses to not get them too hot so they won't smear. What a hassel! This place is so far from my house and every time I need adjustments, I have to come back here in hopes that my lenses won't smudge and I'll be screwed out of glasses. I've had those glasses since last February and about 6 months in, the anti-glare began rubbing off at the bottom and continued to do so until my frames snapped two nights ago. My husband's anti-glare actually got smudged because he left his glasses out in the car one day and then tried to clean them. This place offers a one year warranty on their lenses so they replaced them for free, but it was still an incredible inconvenience. I will never recommend anybody nor return here again. My father-in-law also purchased a pair of glasses here and had the same problem of the anti-glare wearing after a couple of months. So cheap. Go across the street to Lenscrafters where you pay a little more but you only have to wait one hour instead of 1 month to get a pair of working glasses.
5	Vision Center has some of the best prices on designer sunglasses in Las Vegas.  Got my new pair of Gucci glasses from them!  I've been looking for months.
5	I recently visited Seven Hills Vision Center while in Las Vegas to upgrade my glasses and prescription.  The staff and doctors were very courteous and I would definitely recommend them! Thanks!
4	Had to go get a new pair of glasses. They were so helpful when it came to picking out a style that looked good... or at least I was comfortable wearing in public. I was very happy with the personal attention I received both when picking out my glasses and when I got them back a week or so later. The prices aren't cheap, but neither are the glasses. Gucci, Coach, Oakley... don't expect your insurance to cover everything, but then again my insurance wont cover Costco's prices 100%. (and I have very good insurance)I also like that if you buy your contacts through them they will give you free solution.Mainly, I just liked the fact that it seemed like they cared about their customer. I will be back because of the great customer service.
1	Skip this place!  I showed up almost 20 minutesearly for an appointment to do paperwork, then waited OVER half an hour and still was not seen.  I told them I wanted to cancel my appointment because I had waited so long and was told they were just going to call me.  I said no thanks.  They wasted my time and there was no one but me in the waiting room.  Lenscrafters on St. Rose took me right away, no wait, and they were super courteous!  I still had to call SHVC back to release my insurance, which should have been done when I walked out!  By the way, yes, NO STARS is what I wanted to give!!!
5	Staff are very friendly and pleasant. Doctor genuinely cared and did not rush through the appointment . Great eye ware selection, a little pricy, but you get what you pay for. I highly recommend doing business with Seven Hills Vision Center. The office is clean and inviting. I have only one suggestion, and that is to repair or replace the carpet behind the front desk, this is the first thing I noticed when walking in the front door. Everything else was great and state of the art equipment was maintained and in good condition.It's great when a business gets it... Customers just want to be treated with respect I know a few businesses that could learn this basic philosophy.Cheers,
1	I called to make an appointment and asked specifically if they were "in network" providers for my insurance.  The appointment clerk assured me they were and I made my appointment.  The office and the Doctor were both nice.  I received good service.  I was shocked to also receive a bill!  My insurance did not cover my annual visit.  I called my insurance company (Tricare) only to find out that the specific office I went to was not in network.  Tricare suggested I call the Dr. office back and have them recode this visit under another Dr.  I called and let them know the issue.  The rep in the billing department told me she would have to speak with the office manager, this was not the first time they had experienced this issue, and call me back.  When she called me back, she said the only thing she could do is apply the already advertised $20 discount to my $95 bill.  Basically, I am stuck paying for my appointment that should be covered by my insurance due to a mistake and lack of training on the staff's part.  Beware!!  I bought an entire year of contacts as well and told her I would not be making any further appointments with them.
5	The staff was very friendly.  Dr. Podloski is fantastic!  They help me get a new pair of sunglasses.  I thought the name brands they carry is much better than some of the other places in town.  Thanks!!
1	I'm disappointed this place is what it is as it is very close to my cousins job and she is a great coffee date.    Sunglasses are a bit of an obsession for me... for some gals, they like shoes.  Me? a nice pair of specs do it every time.   The gal at the counter was busy doing everything first before coming over to help me.  She politely (or maybe sarcastically???) told me once she got to me, that she wanted to get everything done before coming over to me.  This way she could give me her undivided attention.... In what felt like 10 minutes (was probably only 3 or 4), she took 2 customer calls -one sounding more personal than customer, and cleaned up her work space from countless samples strewn across the counter.   The place was empty when I walked in and no one came in while I was there.   Call me miss sensitive, but I feel like because I walked in on the phone and took :30 seconds to hang up, she wanted to teach me lesson.   Well, lesson learned.   Not coming back.
5	I typically don't review but my gratitude for the care I received today in a medical panic was exactly what I needed and I am so grateful!   I got a shard of plastic in my eye at work today and in a panic was calling around for vision centers.  All costly and uninviting.  I decided since I'd been to seven hills before and had excellent service I would go there, its also conveniently located.  Their price for medical visit was much less than other places.  The staff immediately helpful.  Saw the doctor with little wait time.  He was very thorough calm sweet and reassuring.   Gave me at no additional charge drops to soothe my eye as it heals.  As I left all staff at front asked how I was.  My eye felt immediately better from dr treating it.  And I am just so grateful for him! I recently tried an eye dr for annual exam somewhere else because I wasn't sure about where my new insurance is accepted.  But seven hills as I recall has THE best most variety frame selection & very kind employees!  :)  thank you guys!
5	I highly recommend this office. I went in for a much needed exam this morning as I'd not had one for a few years. Dr. Coker is very personable, and patient with a a patient that asks many questions. Melissa took a lot of time with me on shopping for new frames and answering a zillion questions as well, she made it a lot of fun! They also made sure they understood my particular needs as an artist and heavy computer user, and they worked with me on my budget and timing constraints since I don't have insurance. I wear contacts and glasses for different activities so this was very important to me. Love you guys! I look forward to the new glasses soon!
2	Thank you, Melissa for refunding ALL my money.
1	I am currently sitting in this chair after  waiting for 45 minutes. Nothing done to speed things up. Everyone seems to love socializing and not actually getting people in and out with their lives. Probably worst eye doctor visit ever and it hasnt even technically started. Avoid this place unless you enjoy waiting and waiting and waiting.
5	What can I say?  This place treated me amazingly.  The staff was very friendly and knowledgable. Melissa the Manager and Naomi helped me find the perfect frames.  These two were  very upbeat which is something you don't find in any type of medical office.  I think this place is great!  I didn't wait long at all it was very fast.  I'm soo happy I found this place and have no complaints.  These people are truly very friendly.
