5	As far as concerts go, this was an amazing show.  Ambitious is an understatement.  Nearly all of my Britney fantasies were fulfilled that night.  The effects, lighting, and stage production were phenomenal.  It puts the audience in an immersive experience.  Fans of Britney will enjoy the intimate seating as the theater was scaled down to under 5000, so all the seats are pretty good. A total of 7 costume/scene changes provide a variety that keeps you riveted.  Unfortunately her famous schoolgirl uniform is not one of them.  Without going too much into detail, you see her dance, hover, and fly through the air. One of the questions that had the media abuzz was whether or not she was lip syncing.  Who cares? It was a very entertaining show.  If it can keep me engaged, she can fake it all she wants.  My wife does it to me all the time, so no biggie there.  Of course, there were some moments that it seemed that Britney was a bit out of step, but it was the first show with relatively little time to prepare.  It will only get better as it goes on.  If you are a Britney fan, this is a must see show.
4	I was lucky enough to see her first show on 12/27 and I was not disappointed. Britney sings all her top hits including 2 from her new CD, "Perfume" and "Work." Her performance brought back good memories from the past decade that I wanted to cry! Although she does lip-sync throughout, she puts up a good show.Britney doesn't dance/move like she used to, but she's pretty darn good for having had 2 kids. The production still needs to work out some kinks with the sound (at some parts it was too loud/screechy) but the special effects and lighting were spot on. I especially loved the background sets for "Circus" and "Toxic."Britney is quite energetic and keeps you singing along and dancing the entire show... I just wish she spoke more to the audience!Overall, if you're a fan and know most of her songs, you'll love Britney- Piece of Me!
1	Took my daughter and two of her friends. She has seen Britney twice, and from media I suspected what would occur. And it did. The show is largely, as presented by her, a lip-sync event that I could have done in her place. Having seen her MTV show, the bare effort at dancing I expected was also present. It is just hard to imagine how anyone could find a singer who does not sing and lazily dances a good time. Props to the backup dancers. They put forth a good effort. Thank goodness there are real entertainers out there for the rest of us.
1	I went to see her opening night, on 12/27/2013, and was excited to see her perform again after also seeing her during her Circus & Femme Fetale tours.  But was greatly disappointed when she lip-synced through the WHOLE CONCERT.When I saw her the past times... she would lip sync, but there were a few songs that she would sing live. Not this time.The theater is really nice theater, and has projector screens on one whole side of theater, the side the stage is on... BUT not once are they used to show close ups of her or the stage, again b/c she is lip syncing.I think the main reason I was disappointed is b/c they advertised that she WOULD BE singing live... They should've just not said anything, and I would've have assumed she would be lip syncing.Gave one star b/c she actually did dance more than she did on her previous tours.
5	I really enjoyed this show. The lighting, set, costumes, dancing, etc were great. You don't have to be a huge Britney fan to be entertained. I think most people would have fun. She may be lip synching at times, but I don't 't blame her since she is dancing and running around so much. I would definitely recommend going to the show!!!!
5	First of all, I love Britney and have loved her since ...Baby One More Time. I have seen her in concert before, and of course, really wanted to see her show. I went New Year's Eve. I loved it. It is true that Britney doesn't dance as much as she has before, but she did have a knee injury and 2 children. I also don't have a problem with her lip syncing because it is to be expected and I think her people even told PH when they signed her on to not expect her to sing live either the whole show, or maybe even at all. It is hard to dance and sing at the same time, so I don't care. I go to see the performance as a whole. While she did include "Perfume" and "Work Bxxch" I wish she would have also include "Tik Tik Boom." All in all, really loved the show and will probably go again. To people giving it bad reviews and saying the suspected that the show would not be very good or that she would lip sync and not dance much...why did you spend the money on the tickets and go???
5	I don't care what these peeps say, she is a top notched performer. She sang most of her hits, the ones we're familiar with, and although she's noticeably not 100% confident yet (airbrushed abs) considering this was the very first show of her return..... I thoroughly enjoyed it and everyone was on their feet the whole time, most NOT dancing which was lame. My date and I did. What a sport he was. And the two gay guys nearby were shaking their buns as well. I loved the entire thing and our seating was perfecto.
5	This show was amazing! I enjoyed every sing minute of this high energy production and Britney looks fantastic as always! My only tiny complaint is that if you're in the back of the venue, it may be a little hard to see. I think they should add a live camera feed on big screens off to the side so you can see close ups throughout the show. But it's really not that bad because it's not a super huge venue. Be sure to get some Britney merch after the show! My favorites are the Britney Spears leggings that are only $40! Super high quality, comfy and adorable. You definitely need to see this show! And take me with you because I wouldn't mind seeing it again and again. :) ~Rachael
4	YES! Brit Brit! Now, if you know Britney at all, she is not really an artist, she is more of a performer. This is exactly what this show is, a performance. She does not sing. Heck, she doesn't even talk much, but, that is what I expected, no singing, just a production. And it was a very fun production. The theatre really is a nice setup, not really a bad seat in the house. However, if you want to see facial expressions, get section 100 and closer as section 200, you can't make out facial features and there is no live stream of the show being projected. There are screen above the stage extending half way around the theater but that is for more of a video compilation and light show. There is a live band which is cool and add to the ambiance and just as any Brit show, her dancers are bad ass! There are many costume and wig changes which is expected and also added to the fun.In the beginning it is announced to get up and dance while respecting everyone around you and that is pretty much what happened all night. Everyone was up having fun with the exception of sitting down during the ballads. And yes, she flies. A requirement if you were a pop star in the late 90's. Am I right?There are concession stands with drinks (souvenir cups of course) and snacks as well as merchandise. There are tons of memorabilia throughout the venue as well, which was a fun touch. It's really an overall experience. I have seen Britney perform various times and this was by far my favorite overall experience. My favorite part was Freakshow when she "chooses a guy from the audience," however, Lance Bass was in the audience and was sent up and it was a treat for me being an 'NSync fan. In previous shows she also had famous people come up so if you are lucky, it will be someone fun. Setlist:Work Bitch Womanizer 3 Everytime ...Baby One More Time Oops!...I Did It Again Me Against the Music Gimme More Break the Ice Piece of Me Scream & Shout (will.i.am hologram in background)Boys Perfume Get Naked (I Got a Plan) I'm a Slave 4 U Freakshow Do Somethin' Circus I Wanna Go Lucky Toxic Stronger (You Drive Me) Crazy Till the World Ends Overall, just a fun time if you like her music. It was all the hits in one, oversized, exciting show.
3	Yeah, the music is great, but the building never gets rocking past the first 1 minute.  I think people stop dancing when they are trying to figure out if Britney will really be lip syncing the whole time.  Brit does not address the crowd often enough and the result is very few people getting into it.  Highly recommend getting a buzz on before the show.
1	Lip sync, can't dance, waste of time and $$!  We walked out 30 minutes into the show.  I don't see Planet Hollywood keeping that hot mess around for 2 years!!
4	I had the best time last night!  It's Britney motherloving Spears, how could you not have a great time???To all the people who are throwing shade because she is lip syncing...no duh, it's Britney, she ALWAYS lip synchs!  That shouldn't be a surprise.  You don't go for the great vocal stylings of the legendary Ms. Spears, you go to dance your ass off and sing songs from when you were a teenager.  And damn that girl has a lot of songs that I didn't even remember!  It was an awesome trip back to pop heaven.I do have to say that I was a tad disappointed in the dancing and so I deducted a star.  From the documentary and videos I saw from her opening days, she looked like she would be a dance monster, but she was only giving it 50% while the back up dancers were killing it.If you loved Britney when you were a teen, then you will love this show.  The energy in the room is amazing and everyone is up dancing the whole time.  I'm so glad she has come to Las Vegas, because let's face it, she loves sparkles about as much as Liberace and she belongs here!
5	The pop icon Miss Britney Spears works it harder than ever at Planet Hollywood for her two year residency! Opening night was a blast, Miley Cyrus, Katy Perry, and Mario Lopez made a whole spectacle during the evening crawling around, kissing, partying with Britney Spears. All of her big hits were performed with various set designs and costumes. It's worth it! The venue was more intimate than expected which was awesome so we were up close and personal with her. This performance is meant to resemble a night club vibe, neon paints, confetti, black lights. It's a mad house. I'd like to come here again next time I'm in Vegas to see the diva perform.
5	Britney was awesome!  The whole feel of the show is amazing, great sets, costumes and stunts.  Her dancers are very high energy and Britney too.  The theater is stunning with the huge screen spanning the entire stage area and beyond.  The lobby in this theater was great too, highlighting and displaying many of Britney's iconic performance costumes. There is also a Britney store in the Miracle Mile right near the theater for all of your Britney shopping needs.
4	I thoroughly enjoyed this show. I have never seen Britney live before- So I don't have anything to compare it to, but I do believe she got her 90s glow back for "Piece of Me" in Vegas. All of her hits were performed (with some nice renditions), and it was fun for every Britney fan in the room. The only recommendation I have is to try and sit front to mid center of the stage if you're wanting to get intimate with Ms. Spears.There are no live close ups of Britney during the show, but any seat in the house is good if you're just there to have fun and sing songs along with strangers. I'll probably try to see the show again from a closer angle before her residency ends.
5	AMAZING!!! My friend and I loved Britney! We sang and danced the entire time.  The dancers were awesome! Definitely a must see and I wouldn't mind going to see her again.
3	Wish I could say I was blown away by this comeback act. Don't get me wrong it was a fun time, and the prices were reasonable for a big pop artist. Brit is famous for not singing live, but I'm pretty sure Britney sang only 2 songs the entire time and I still thing she was supported by a backing track when she did. It almost seemed they were just playing the studio tracks- not even trying to make it believeable. My other complaint was that this venue was gross stuffy. By the second song I just felt sweaty, clammy, and it takes away from the fun. Better ventilation would make for a much better audience experience. What I loved was the set and light design. The dancers (especially the males) were great. And hey dancing to shameless old pop songs with your friends is still fun no matter what.
2	Wow! I must say by the amount of stars given on this page, alot of Britneys concert goers must be pure rookies. I am definitely a Britney fan, and and ABSOLUTE fan of seeing artists perform live. When I had the opportunity to see Britney at Planet, I definitely wasn't going to pass it up by any means.The venue itself is a typical show, stage & theater. The lobby, concierge and concessions were great and filled with tons of Britney paraphernalia . On to the important part...THE SHOW. First and Foremost, I gave the two stars to her dancers! BOMB....Growing up as a dancer, you could genuinely see all of the hard work and effort each one of her dancers put forth to make it to that stage. ROCK ON.... Britney was an absolute disaster. She danced as if she was dancing for 48 hours straight and was so slow, sluggish and laid back. Didn't give it her all not one bit, which was the biggest disappointment as a whole. Everytime she did a hair whip, she grabbed the top of her wig and came up so slow, so the wig wouldnt go flying. I can honestly say this was one of the worst performances I have ever seen by a major pop artist. I hate to give the girl such terrible ratings, but when you spend over 1k for a single ticket, I better see a SHOW! Britney needs to take some of her own advice and "WERK B!TCH!!"To top it off Lady Gaga was in the crowd and sat in the row in front of us!!! So awesome!! Who doesnt love that woman?!?!
5	Just came back from seeing Britney's residency show at PH an had a blast!Britney performs to her hits during this 1.5 hour show. The effects were great and it wasn't too hard to see her, even without big screens. Advice:-Go if you're a Britney fan. It aids the experience to know at least her radio hits. But who doesn't?-The venue is by the Halo Bar in the Miracle Mile shops, towards the Planet Dailies side of the PH casino. -if you are 5 feet tall (like I am), it may pay off to buy seats that are closer or wear high heels. -Otherwise, I would avoid wearing high heels because most people stand for her show and so will you if you want to see anything. -Pit seats look worth it. Not a very large area but Britney dances around that area and you actually get to see her face.-Arrive before 9PM to get in line to enter. The show starts at 910PM-ish and the line to get in can get long. -Drink lines are long so drink beforehand!-Avoid the merch line by the entrance/exit. Those lines are long. The merch table by section 103 is EMPTY. No wait, same merch!-Dance!I've been to Britney's Circus tour and the one before that (forgot the name) and really enjoyed them. Dance-wise, it's typical Britney. Stage props are always eye catchers. Songs are fun!Enjoy!
5	A MUST SEE for any Britney fan!!!  This concert was a GREAT, FUN, FABULOUS time!  We got tickets ($195 regular price through ticketmaster) in the pit.  Fans in the pit don't sit (there are no seats) and are surrounded by the stage/stage walkways with a clear, close up view of both her and the dancers.  The pit was not that crowded and was completely comfortable with plenty of room to enjoy--which I did!!  She goes on right at 9pm and the show lasts for 90 minutes.  Every person in the theater was on their feet singing/dancing for the entire 90 minutes!!!   (See setlist photo--all classics were played).  It's Britney (b*tch)--a true pop-cultural phe-nom!!   A note for the management of expectations:  True Britney fans could give a rats patootie if she lip syncs and I'm one of them!!!  "You wanna Maserati??? You'd better WORK b*tch!!"
2	I LOVE Britney but she doesn't deliver in Piece of Me. The production quality is decent but Britney, unfortunately, just goes through the motions. If she could have shown HALF the energy of her backup dancers, it would have been great. If you're not going to sing you could at least dance! She lacked energy and it doesn't appear that she's in shape to work the crowd.Add to that the insane lines at the bars (we waited 42 minutes and got our drinks as the show began), the unusually rude security guards, and the fact that the backup band didn't even seem to be live and it just wasn't worth it. I wanted to like it!
4	My girlfriend and I recently saw the Britney Spears concert at Planet Hollywood. First off, Its an excellent show and worth the price of the tickets.  My girlfriend purchased a complete package that included the room for two nights, tickets to the show and a pre concert access party. The tickets are on average about $100 - $140 per seat. If you wish to sit in a booth that is able to seat about 6 people, that is worth about $600. So basically $300 per person for two people.  Thats still not bad for a show in Vegas.  The only thing that I would not suggest is paying extra for  the Pre Concert Access party.   You are provided a wanna be access badge, entry into the Heart Bar for a small section as if you ordered bottle service and a photograph of you will be taken and  be posted on their Facebook page. Then when its time for the concert, you are instructed to head over to the Axis theater and your access badge has no merit or worth as you go through the same line as everyone else.  You do although can come back to the Heart Bar for a second drink which is okay.  Britneys performance was excellent and my girlfriend along with every other person in that place was on their feet dancing to all her songs. It is worth that portion of the concert. So.... if you are going to Vegas, you've got to see the Britney Spears show but don't pay extra unless its for the booth that gives you front row seating.  The pictures that are taken on the carpet are about $40.  Wow.... what did the special access badge get us?   Nada..  Just watch the show don't pay extra is the bottom line.
4	OK... I know my previous review was kind of harsh... but believe it or not, I am a Britney fan... So I went again to see her, and I'm sure it will not be the last time.This most recent time, she did sing a little bit more than last time, and her dancing was just as good as last time.I just deducted 1 star, b/c I wish she would still sing live more... you can tell when she's singing live b/c it sounds different... it doesn't sound bad, just different.... she obviously is not going to the sound exactly the same as when she was 16... (which is how you can tell when she's lip syncing... b/c it sounds JUST like the record, w/ auto-tune and all).
2	I have grown up with Britney and remained a loyal fan through the best and worst of Britney times.  I'll never forget opening her first album in the car (I couldn't wait to get all the way home) and listening to it day and night over and over.  I recorded the Toxic video on my DVR and watched it every morning while getting ready for school.  I was pretty upset when we had to replace that DVR.  A few years later, I discovered YouTube...woohoo...unlimited Toxic!    With all of this being said, I was extremely underwhelmed with the show.  It nothing to do with her lip syncing. I did not expect her to sing live.  Puh-lease...   Her dancers earn her one extra star making it two stars.They were absolutely AMAZING.  Her dancing was half-ass.  Maybe age had something to do with it.  We can all admit, 30 is NOT the new 20 when it comes to dancing.  I caught myself just standing there half heartedly singing the songs.  I would have to make myself dance to try to develop the vibe.The theater was nice; I really liked the layout.  Merch was ridiculously expensive, even more than normal.
4	I am a huge Britney Spears fan so my review may be a bit biased.  This show was definitely not as good as her "I'm a Slave" days but it was way better than her Circus tour so overall, I was pleased with the show and her performance. Like everyone, I wish she sang more.  Her dancing was decent, but I thought it lacked energy.  It seemed like she was just going through the motions at times.  The point that she seemed most into the show and had the most energy was when there were only 3 songs left. I did love how she played a lot of her old hits but I didn't like the fact that they were mash-ups and shortened.  The show lasted a little less than an hour and a half which seemed short since there wasn't an opening act.  When you end up paying a few hundred dollars for the good seats, I think the show should run longer.  Overall, this is a good show for Britney fans and I do plan on seeing it again.
3	If the measure of a successful show is an entertaining experience, good sound and a lavish production with concert goers dancing in the isles, then Britany nailed it. She's a pro's pro who never missed a dance step or stage cue. She performed all the songs you wanted to hear with the crowd on their feet the entire show. The only thing missing was the passion. I can forgive the lip-sync and auto tune when she didn't but she made no attempt to connect with the audience making her performance robotic and impersonal. She's just collecting a pay check. Too bad, she could have made it special if only she acted like she cared.
4	Came with husband for valentine's day and we were both stoked to see Britney! The backup dancers and set changes were awesome, walking down memory lane with music we like was so fun, the energy and excitement of the crowd was amaze-balls, but Britney was none of those things. It pained me to watch her "dance" and march around the stage. She seemed super sluggish and robotic. It looked like it took all of her energy to put on this show and I didn't feel like she was feeling it. Nonetheless we left having had a good time which was the point, right!?
3	It seems that ratings are largely dependent on age and expectations . As a 50 something female, I love Britney and largely enjoy dancing to her music. I loved that she played top hits and particularly enjoyed her opening to (spoiler alert) "work b...ch".  I thought the band-especially the rocking guitar accompaniment gave the songs a slick edginess, making me dance the entire show. Most songs are lip synced and as much as I understand the challenge of dancing and singing, it did create an air of impersonality. Maybe if she sang her last song, sitting on the stage, without props or band, sang a song a Cappiello? Would have left me replenished with feeling complete with "a piece" of her. Beautiful graphics...polished performance.
5	I have seen 3 of her concerts now and this was as great as any of the others! She is still the Queen of Pop.I loved the girls behind me saying "shes marking the dances... shes not even trying"I would love to see you go do her job...amazing show and trust me... I'll be seeing it again!!!
4	Imagine if Bob Fosse, Bob Mackie and the K.I.D.S. Incorporated had to create a production show using only materials from the 99cent store. This is the show they would have come up with. And guess what...it's GREAT!!! As for the lip-syncing....WHO CARES? I've seen those hags down the street at the Colesseum -- Celine, Shania, Elton -- and Britney blows ALL of them away! Why? Because she doesn't take herself too seriously. No bullshit poncey sighing clowns and sad violins -- it's just Britney-fucking-Spears poured into a  sequined sausage-casing, half-assing it around a stage set straight out of Dieter's Dance Party. Zero pretension in this show -- it's straight-up, in-your-face cheese.I didn't recognize maybe 25% of the songs, and those numbers were a little dull for me...so I turned to watch the crowd, instead, and that was even better entertainment than the show! You would have thought it was the Beatles or some shit, the way people were carrying on -- weeping and shrieking and freaking out. Over BRITNEY SPEARS!!!Now, it certainly helped that I was a VIP guest of a journalist friend, so they put us right up front at one of the nightclub-style tables, with free bottle service and candy served by Thai Barbie. But I swear, even if I'd been sitting in the back with all the plebes, I still would have dug this show. It was just SO OUT THERE.I would definitely see this show again...especially under the influence!!! :-D I'm sure it'll happen sooner or later...I can't wait!!!
3	It's Britney B**ch... Okay had to say that. Wasn't excited to come and see Britney lip sing but everyone knows she does and you'd have to expect to but c'mon Britney you need to give some energy in your performance. The production around her was very cool. Even her dancers couldn't get Britney to step up her game. She sang all her best songs but she half assed her performance. It could have been so much better. I had a fun time singing along...that's right ladies I know her songs too. The only reason I'm evening giving it three stars is because of her songs and the production was cool. I got my tickets during the presale and decided to stick with lower level instead of the pit. Didn't want to stand the whole time. I even have her songs still stuck in my head.. LOL.
1	So sad. My friend and I were very excited for this concert and planned the trip and got tix months in advance. This was a truly disappointing experience. We bought tickets for $100 each which was a good amount considering you are paying for transportation, hotel stay, etc.  we were in the rear of the orchestra section. Upon our arrival the lobby of the venue was smashed with people with no room to move..this was particularly upsetting as we wanted to take pictures in front of Britney posters and concert memorabilia but as the lobby was filled with people we could not take pics or even view memorabilia. There was only one ladies restroom which is ridiculous considering the Britney fan base is primarily women...so due to the long line I was forced to use the restroom during show time. To make matters worse there was no screen showing us what Britney was doing during the show and her hair is brown and we could NOT tell who she was on the stage as all the dancers had brown hair as well. Also, most people stood during the whole show which would have been okay if the venue was more steep in design. We just could not see in front of the heads in front of us and had to stand on our tippy toes through most of the performance. The show itself was lackluster with most of the entertainment coming from the dancers and performers and not Britney herself. She was not even on stage for 1/2 of some of her songs...Terrible!!! We felt the songs were very rushed and there was a complete lack of personal touch that you so want when you go see your favorite artist perform. It felt like Britney was just going through the motions and her dancing lacked emotion, costumes did not stand out and add her lame lip sinking to the mix made the concert just boring. We almost left during the show as the thought of getting a strong drink and going to watch the thunder and lightning show in the nearby mall was way more exciting. I would recommend getting together with your friends and having a party where you play Britney songs from your iPhone way more than I would recommend spending a lot of money to see this show. I mean maybe people who spent $1000 on their tix had a way better time but that just doesn't seem right. Hope this review helps you save money and time.
2	I just saw the show last night. First and foremost, I am a huge Britney Spears fan but I have to agree with a lot of the reviews that gave her fewer stars. Simply put, Brit put a lot of effort into her show but not much heart. The production values were top notch and the dancers were amazing but I don't think she did that much to connect with her audience. It seemed like she was rushing through the show to get it over with. Dancers were great and she moved around a lot to let everyone get a good view. However, if your seats aren't in the center you'll miss something. The best seats looked to be the pit but they're too expensive for me.I had to stand for most of the show in order to get a look at the stage. She lip synced for 80% of her songs. And her attempt to bring an audience member onstage for a song looked rushed and forced. My best suggestion (although the stage director will never see this) Is for her to eliminate about 5 songs and use that time to interact with the audience and maybe the backstory of some of her songs. Something like MTVs unplugged. It was a great show but terrible concert. With all that said, it was a once in a lifetime opportunity to see an icon.
4	I don' know if she sang one note. I don't know if you can call it dancing. I don't know if it was even her. That said - full tilt boogie on crowd enthusiasm and we had a blast. I had ONE frozen drink there and was blotto-fied. Well worth the 20 bucks. If you are a fan go, if not - probably won't become one.
2	I couldn't see her face all night, so honestly I wouldn't have known if it was her dancing/singing or an imposture. Also she barely spoke to the crowd all night, other than the standard "Hey Vegas". The lines for the bar were ridiculously long and SLOW moving, I'm shocked that they don't staff more people.
4	Really enjoyed this show!  Don't expect her to sing or for you to see her face--for some reason (perhaps b/c she's not singing live) there's no jumbotrons for you to get close ups.  Show is exactly an hour and a half long, so it's perfect for still 'going out' afterwards. Ticket prices on Ticketmaster were reasonable, we paid $112 but like 3 months in advance; however,  on the day of the show they skyrocketed to almost $600 each.Great way to start your night in Vegas especially if it's a 'girls trip'. She also redid some of her old songs to new melodies and they were pretty incredible.
5	I saw this show on February 22, and I absolutely loved it. It was definitely not long enough if you ask me! For all the people whining about the lip syncing ... Give me a break. No one goes to her shows to here her sing! And as far as her dancing - it is obviously limited but go through what she went through in the past 15 years and you would never be what you were before!! This girl deserves so much more credit for going through the insane downward spiral that she did, and picking up the pieces and making a major comeback! I love Britney Spears, but ask any fan why the love Britney and no one will say "her singing"... no one. They may say her dancing, but they are 99% of the time referring to pre-bald Britney era dancing. People who love Britney love her for being an entertainer... The stage, the dancers, the lights, the pyrotechnics, so much goes into a Britney show. Sure she is not what she used to be but the POM show is huge step up from how she performed during Circus and FF... People have to let her work her way back. Watch her documentaries she did on E! recently for this show to see her passion. Watch her For the Record documentary on MTV to see what a struggle she went through about 5 years ago. This girl is amazing and deserves so much more credit. My only issue with the show was not anything Britney did... it was the crowd/seating. Our seats were dead center about 15 rows from the back, and we could see the stage great, even in the last row you would have still had a great view! However, this is not exactly "stadium seating" the rows are only elevated slightly, and of course everyone stands during the show! So PLEASEEEEE tall girls - wear flats! Short girls, wear heels! And for the love of God do NOT wear a a foot tall poof in your hair!! My friend I went with is 5'1 and I am 5'7 so when both girls in front of us who were I am guessing 5'10 sat in front of us we already knew we were in trouble, and then when we stood up I realized the girl in front of me must've had on 4" heels!! So it was very hard to see around these people... But that is my only complaint, and Britney cannot do anything about that!
2	Went to Vegas with three girlfriends specifically to see the concert. It was a total BUST! Obviously I am a Britney fan but this was the most boring show I have ever been to. There was no energy in the room...she acted like she was going through the motions and didnt want to be there. I was fully prepared for lipsynching but it seemed like she was moving in slow motion and only dancing with her arms. Several couples in our row got up and left. I didnt say anything for the first half of the show because I thought maybe my friends were enjoying...NOPE...they all thought it was terrible. It was almost sad in a way. Britney did not seem like she wanted to be there. I felt sorry for her until we realized she is getting paid about $15,000 per SONG to do this . Do not waste your money on this show.....if she gave 100% that's one thing, but this was just phoning it in and a total rip off.Britney...you better work B*$%h!
5	As a Britney fan, this is one of the best concerts I have ever seen.  Get floor tickets.  You are literally in her stage and ten feet away.  Normally the rule with Britney is she does no old songs except Boys, I'm a Slave 4 U, and a bad version of Hit Me Baby One More Time.  As soon as song two starts, you know all bets are off.  She does everything.  Don't read anything and go in surprised.  You will lose it.  We were dancing from the beginning to end.  Unbelievable.
2	Saw this last night... disappointing. I really wanted to love it but its hard when she doesn't put any energy into her performance. would much have rather checked out Shania again instead of giving this show my money. Great cast, fantastic stage. I just expected so much more from our pop star.Fool me once, shame on you Spears!
1	Disappointing. She had no energy and her dancing was offbeat with her back up dancers. It felt like she didn't want to be there, at all. I would have liked to actually hear her sing at some point also. I know it's challenging when you are dancing......but she wasn't really dancing that hard. I was shocked at how bad it was, I expected a lot more out of her.
3	It's Britney Bitch. I came to Vegas just to see her and even though I knew ahead of time that she would not be performing live, I still had to check it out. I mean, the CD sounded really good on stage haha. I was in the mid section and paid a hundred or so. The building isnt as big as I expected so it seemed fairly close for the price. There were options for less than $100 but they seemed way to far. If you are going to go, might as well pay a few bucks more and see her move in her somewhat skimpy, old-school britney clothes. The show actually starts at 9:15pm so we got in line at 8:30 which wasnt necessary. I say you can get there at 8:45 since you just linger outsider and take photos with her music video costumes while you wait. It lasted until 10:30 so it was only a 1 hour 15 min show. She does lip sync and dance but it was more of a lazy slobro dance if anything. Good thing she has her dancers and the screen in the back to distract us. Whatver, I still enjoyed myself because she sang all of her goodies and I most definitely sang along too. This show would only be fun if you are a legit Britney fan because if you are not, you will be extremely disappointed with her lack of singing or legit dancing. **TIPS**1) There are no legit photo ops when you get there. If you want a decent photo, go to the Planet Hollywood elevators and you will have a choice of three Britneys to take a photo with.2) People tend to dress up like they going to the club here. I mean it is Vegas so I can see why. 3) Enjoy!
5	My wife is a huge Brittany Spears fan so I decided to go with her during our vacation in Vegas. The show was amazing!Brittany was spot on with her dance moves and her dancers were super awesome on stage. I cannot confirm or deny if she was lip sinking or not because her mouth movements matched perfectly with the songs...but to be honest...I could care less if she was. The show was great either way.She played a lot of her classic hits such as hit me baby one more time to her newer stuff. Lots of great song choices.I would highly recommend forking out a couple hundred bucks and getting the good  seats towards the front like I did. Probably wouldn't be that great sitting in the back.Anywho, she had tons of energy and it was fun watching her and listening to her as well. the show was excellent!
5	Great show! High energy! Best of the best songs! Not too huge of a venue so lots of good seat options. Britney killed up! Nice long hour and a half show! Very pleased
5	IT'S BRITNEY BITCH! She's back. I absolutely enjoyed her show and would consider seeing it again! Very amazing show and well worth the price to see. She performs the full 90 minutes and does a GREAT job!! the show is amazing.
1	Worse show I have ever seen. The fact she was lip syncing was absolutely disappointing. There was a huge crowd and good vibe but the show overall was bad. My wife and I left and gave our tickets to a couple in the last row. Britney danced as if she was hurt....wait, did I write dance? more like she walked around while her dancers did all the dancing. So, no singing, no dancing, bad outfits well...it sucked.Sorry Britney. I thought I was a fan till I saw you live. One more, thing please ask Planet Hollywood to upgrade your sound system. Not the worse thing you have done in Las Vegas but a close second.
4	The crowd was energetic from the first to the very last song, no encore though so you can leave immediately. I luved it and i was never the biggest fan. She is still, a good performer. The show as a whole was spectacular. Lighting, light show, dancers, prop, dance moves...just right! I've never been in a concert where everyone stood up at every song, cuz it was that fun and energetic. My feet and arms were sore from non stop dancing and fist pumping. My all time favorite song is "Everytime", she came out floating in mid air in huge angel wings, LOVED!!! B.S is pretty iconic, i didn't even realized how many songs i knew how to sing....few of the new ones like "Perfume" sounded very good too. Our seats were pretty good, dead center. Wish she could of came out closer to the crowd or walked around a little bit. I would watch this show again in the future =)
4	First of all, if you go to a Britney Spears to hear her sing, you are dumb. Britney does NOT sing live anymore and hasn't for many years. Too bad so sad. But let's face it, does anyone really actually listen to Britney for her voice? NO. She's awesome because she's a great dancer and performer. If you want to go to Vegas show with beautiful live singing, go see Celine. Now, if you want a Vegas show that feels like you're in a club rocking out to some new hits and some old childhood pop favorites, this is the show for you. I would recommend this show to people who have grown up with Britney on MTV, on the radio, and in the spotlight. If you're just a random old person wanting to see a show but don't really know any of Britney's songs, you probably won't have a good time. I also would not recommend this show for children/families. I'm not a die-hard Britney fan, but I do know all of the hit songs and she performed them all. My sisters and I had such a fun time dancing and singing along! We bought some of the cheapest seats, $92, so I was worried we'd be back in the nosebleeds unable to see a thing, but our seats were actually pretty awesome. They were decently close and still on the floor, despite being near the back. I think most seats in this smaller auditorium are going to be good. Britney's dancing was great and so were her backup dancers. You can tell she's not in her prime for dancing anymore, but she still did a good job. She also talked to the audience a little bit, although a little more audience interaction would make the show seem more personal. The stage sets were very cool--she swung out of a tree during "Toxic" and had some interesting props. I loved all the songs that she performed--she did a couple from her new album ("Work Bitch" and "Perfume") and then all the rest were her hits over the years. Some of them were remixed, but I still liked them. "Lucky"was beautiful, because she slowed it down and did a more heartfelt version of it. I'd recommend this show if you have followed and rooted for Britney over the years (diehard and lukewarm fans alike). So much fun! It's BRITNEY BITCH!
5	I came all the way from Atlanta to see Britney and she did not disappoint!!! She performed just about every hit song she has ever had. The visuals were beautiful and she even brought out some of her old choreography from the videos. Everyone was up dancing; even my boyfriend who only went for my sake. I'm already thinking of seeing the show again. Amazing!!!!
3	If you come to this show and expect to hear Britney sing, you are obviously not a true Brit fan! She doesn't sing live.  In my opinion she did not sing one song, but the song selection coinciding with the awesome stage presentation did NOT disappoint.  Her dancers were awesome, but Britney looked lazy and skipped a lot.  I know Britney is an amazing dancer, and this is the only reason I didn't give the show a 4 star rating, because she just didn't bring it.  My seats were pretty incredible, third row...and the stage is set up so she has a runway and can walk toward the crowd.  The few times she did walk to the front, she seemed a little nervous and like she couldn't wait to get out of the front and go further away from the crowd.  She talked to the crowd twice because she had to.  Honestly, the Music (or CD that played) Was the best selection.  Hit after hit, incredibly visually stimulating stage scenery combined with a crowd filled of Britney fans was an awesome night. Worth every penny and I would see the show again to dance and have fun.  Britney, if you read this, I love you forever, just try and bring up the energy!! Oh, and she looked totally awesome...minus the 5 foot fake wig.
1	To sum up this show in one word: Terrible.  I didn't mine the lip-synching, I half expect it from a pop princess who has mediocre singing abilities.  But, I've always appreciated Britney's dance ability.... An ability that has apparently left her (or maybe she just doesn't really care) because Ms. Spears didn't dance at all.  Instead she jazz walked around the stage the whole time (if I was rating the jazz walk alone she'd at least get 3 stars).  Her lack of dancing was even more evident when she did try to half-a** dance when surrounding by her truly incredible, and talented dancers.  The entire audience was there to see one person, and one person alone and that was Britney.  You would think she could at least interact with the crowd who paid upwards of $100 to see her "perform," that her interactions would be genuine at least and frequent at best.  Not the case, she maybe spoke directly to the crowd twice and both times her phrases were so rehearsed it came off as unauthentic.  At one point a girlfriend I was with turned to me and said, "You know what I like about Britney?  That any one of us could get up there and do what she's doing."  And she was right.  Britney was clearly phoning it in, and even from my mediocre seats I could tell her lack of passion.  She's either highly-medicated (probable) or just doesn't care anymore (even more probable).  What a dissapointment, save your money and go see the hundred or so other performers on the strip that still enjoy ENTERTAINING.  Hang it up Brit.
5	After flying 3,000 miles to L.A. to meet my friend and drive 5 hours nonstop (yay traffic) to Las Vegas, I finally made it to see the Queen, after being awake for 21 hours.For one, I was in complete awe. I sadly was late and being a huge fan of Britney, I was barely okay with missing the first 3 songs. I came in when "3" ended and "Everytime" began. I cried. She was so beautiful and the stage set up was to. Also, this is the night she debuted her newly dyed brunette locks.Her dancers....sooooo talented!I was standing in the general admission.  The feeling of being on the floor with other huge Britney fans is like no other.  Also I was so close to Britney!!!I loved this show so much because it's Britney bitch, that I ordered more tickets to go this October and next February.  Totally worth being broke over buying the tickets to Las Vegas and then seeing Britney =p Britney does NOT disappoint. This review is for the Friday, February 7, 2014 show.
3	My wife asked me to come to this show, so I begrudgingly joined her for this debacle.Let me say that the audience and ambiance is fairly entertaining.  The booze is reasonably priced, and you leave feeling like you've seen a Vegas show.With that said, Brit Brit is really past her prime.  She barely moves around the stage except to prance about, and at one point she actually flails around the floor like a fish struggling to breathe.  The background dancers are solid.  It's good to see some of the Fly Girls found work.  They're making the best of an embarrassing situation.  Britney on the other hand, well, she doesn't really "dance."  She moves her hands around like the sign language guy at Nelson Mandela's funeral, while she bobs her knees and looks disinterested.  The audience was entertained, but everyone was kinda looking around like, "WTF" is this?To be clear, she only speaks twice, and I'm pretty sure she flubbed her lines at one point.  I mean, she's very clearly not singing, and the vocals are still a D+.If you're a fan, I would see the show.  I wouldn't expect vintage Britney, but it's entertaining nonetheless.  Have fun!
1	Not a good show and I WAS a fan.  She does not sing live through at least most of the show.  Dancing is like amateur hour.  Performance is the worst concert I have seen and all this for $300 per person or more?!? See Shania or Tim and Faith or The Beatles Love they are all fabulous! Don't waste your money on this one.
1	Britney: Piece of CrapThis was a terrible show.  Britney was bored and barely moved.  I will never get that time back that I wasted at her "show".  Save your money, go to a different show. Or just sit outside at Cabo Wabo and people watch, it's MUCH more entertaining!!!!
5	She's back! For all the reviewers that are upset about her lack of singing- you obviously aren't Britney fans. Why did you come to the show? She's not a singer, she's a performer. She dances her butt off and puts on a great show! The drinks are reasonably priced and super strong. One mixed drink lasted me the whole show. I think all the seats are pretty good, but one negative about the venue is the lack of a screen that shows a close up of Britney.  I would love to go again!
4	Huge Britney fan! Been a fan since the beginning and I must say her concert brings everything you could want! She dances, she sings and she keeps her show energetic the whole time. Now I should speak honestly about the show in general if you aren't a britney fan. If you haven't really followed her music and you don't get her style than this show isn't for you. Her dancing is great but it isn't 2003 britney. She's amazing and does a good job of keeping the show fun from beginning to end but once more if you aren't a fan, skip the show. It's about 300 bucks for pit area and I loved every min of it.
5	Everyone who is a Britney fan and gives this show anything but a 5 star is not a fan. We knew she wasn't going to sing and her dancing isn't as good as it was when she was a teenager (duh) but those aren't the reasons you're going anyway. We grew up with Britney and we stood by her when she went a little crazy and WE LOVE HER FOR IT!!! True fans would pay $100 to watch her stand still for a little over an hour. So whatever to all the haters. It's britney and she's the queen. Her show brings back tons of memories and that's why you pay to go. Love you Brit!!!
4	I saw the show with my sister and a couple of friends on 8/15 and loved it. We had such a good time and she performed all of her hit songs! We stood in general admission and agreed that it was definitely worth the $230 we paid per ticket. We were so close!! However, the theater is pretty small so I think that all of the seats had a a pretty good view of the stage. All of the shows in vegas are pricey, so if you're a Britney fan I definitely encourage you to go. After all... it's Britney, bitch!
3	My girlfriends and I took a trip to Vegas with the main goal of seeing Britney's show on August 15th. Were we expecting stellar vocals? No. We knew she'd be lip synching and we were OK with it. We did expect an entertaining show and that's what we got. It's true that Brit Brit is past her VMA performance glory days but she can still hang in there pretty well. Her dancers are really awesome and the special effects and lighting was pretty good. She did all of her biggest hits and some of her newer songs.My main complaint? Our seats were second row from the back, dead center, on the floor level. We had a great view of the stage but I was expecting a camera to project Britney onto one of the many humongous screens. No such luck. At one point during the beginning of the show, my friend and I turned to each other and even questioned that was actually Britney since we couldn't see her face clearly. Maybe they didn't want to make it super apparent she's lip synching (which I think every single person in the theater was already expecting) but it still seemed like an obvious oversight in the production.
4	$219 (=$199 tix + $20 convenience charge) for "VIP 1" seat (front row; there was a standing-room pit in front of us).- Great location/seats as my friends really wanted to be up close (the Planet Hollywood Axis theatre is small so the back row seats are probably ok for their price).- I like Britney's hits so it was a cool concert (or lip-sync performance).- Recommend the show to anyone who enjoys Britney as a die-hard fan or guilty pleasure.
5	Britney fan forever! Every penny spent was worth it! My sister and I finally got to see her! Our first time we purchased tickets for her onyx tour- she cancelled at MGM! But the wait was worth it. I t was all that we expected! She sang all her hits.  Those complaining about lip synching and dancing - I can't dance like I did in 2003... So I wasn't expecting her to be dancing like she did in the past. Good show and I would definitely go again!
5	People complaining about Britney's dance moves, frankly your not a real fan. Yes I agree at times she was stiff, but overall performance of the show was AMAZING. She does shows so much! And it takes a lot of energy to do what she does so cut her some damn slack. The props, the background dancers, the affects and lighting, all amazing! Britney connected with the crowd, and was so cute when she talked. She played a lot of her old and new which was great, and we had front view! Closest you could get with still plenty of room to move around (probably cause it was a Sunday otherwise down near the stage would probably feel like a mosh pit on other nights. Anyway I love her, she was my first album when I was 10 and 13 years later she still kills it for me. Well done Brit! Muah!
5	SO MUCH FUN. Obviously I chose to go at my own will, I was not dragged by a significant other. I WANTED to see her because I was never able to when she was actually touring. If you are a fan of Britney (hardcore or not) you will enjoy her performance. We went on a Saturday night and it was pretty packed. The venue is small which I think is a great way to see her. Any seat was most likely a good seat. Yes, she is lip synching...of course she is. She always has and that should be no surprise to anyone. But, she did put on a damn good show. For die-hard fans: be prepared. You will not be hearing the songs in their typical form. They have been changed to fit a Las Vegas show. She and her dancers were on point. My friends and I will be going again next year!
3	This should have been a two star review, but I bumped it up to three star because IT IS Britney.  While we enjoyed the show and experience, it was a bit of a disappointment.  Yes, I am well aware that most of her performances are lip synced......I can live with that.  What is unacceptable was her performance and dancing.  Sure, she's a great performer, but I thought it was very lackluster.  Slow movements, much arm flailing and wafting, and skipping around on the stage.    If you like Britney and are a big fan, I suppose you'll enjoy the experience.......just don't expect much more than the name......
4	From reading many of the reviews, you either loved it or hated it.  Not much middle ground.  And many you are self professed seasoned concert goers and Britney fans....So here is my two cents... I am neither a seasoned concert goer or die hard Britney fan, though it am a  fan.We purchased our tix as we were driving to Vegas for a night on the way home.  So we did the Stub Hub thing and scored two tickets for less than $110.  Score!  We had zero expectations, other than we had heard she puts on an amazing show with a great production of song, dance, colorful visuals, and pyrotechnics...  Of course we know classic Britney and some of her new stuff.  We were in it purely for the entertainment.There was such energy in the crowd.  And all ages... It was fun to see GNO ladies as well as couples and kids with their parents.  Many were seated a full hour before the performance.  I know this only because I chatted with the girl next to me before the show.We were seated in row W so it was in the back of the venue and perhaps because we were so far back, we didn't notice and could not critique as others have.  But I LoVeD it.   As did most everyone I could see in the audience.  The exception would be the few hubbys, boyfriends, or plus ones that appeared bored, didn't sway to the beat and may have been checking sports scores. Glad we didn't pop for the way too pricey SRO tickets.  But we did stand literally 95% of the show. And danced. And sang along.  And generally had a blast!There is no jumbo-tron projecting Britney's image larger than life for all to see. The vast walls surrounding the stage come to life as colorful backdrops for the show.  So in actuality, I went on faith that the cute blond dancing around the stage was indeed Britney and not some lookalike. It was great fun!  If you love Britney, go.  But don't pay full price.
1	If you are interested in wasting money, watching a shell of the old Britney Spears march up and down the stage and being horribly disappointed, this is the show for you. I am a huge huge huge britney fan and was so excited to see her but her show was a complete disappointment. For this next comparison to make sense you need to know mtv's show "made" where they take a normal kid and make their biggest dream come true. This concert was like watching a girl whose dream was to be britney and put on a show. She learns the moves, wears the blonde wig and then lip syncs to the songs. And that's exactly what you get. Britney is completely disconnected from the audience, says the 3 canned things she probably always says ("what's up Vegas?"), dances/ struts lackluster across the stage, and sings live for two or three songs. But don't expect her to dance, show any enthusiasm or excitement during any of the performances. During her live songs she literally squatted on the stage and didn't move. She sounded ok though. Anyways, this sucked. Don't go unless it's free and someone promises you a bag of gold coins in exchange. I left just feeling so so sad for britney.
2	This is the first (hopefully last) show I've ever attended where the headliner lip-synced the majority of their performance.  I knew going in that would be the case, but it still bugged the crap out of me.  There are a ton of Yelp reviews that mention it.  Almost none of them care and joyously devour her show like it's all you can eat ice cream.  Just being in the same (albeit very large) room as Britney Spears, wafting in her aura and celebrity is where their satisfaction is.  She could have been brushing her teeth on stage for all they cared.  My wife argued that I would go see Red Sox designated hitter David "Big Papi" Ortiz if he did a Vegas lip-sync/dance show and it's nothing different than this.  She's right.  I totally would.    The scene was a sea of ladies dressed in club clothes, packs of gay men that knew the words to every song, Eurotrash, and significant others like myself that questioned whether the metal detectors at the entrance were for Britney's safety or to prevent a person like me from shooting/stabbing myself mid-show if she sang (ummm...performed?) a song like the inadvertent sex change anthem "I'm Not a Girl, Not Yet a Woman".  The energy in the venue was palpable when you combined all that with the $45 "Work Bitch" caps, the homemade costumes worn, and people pre-gaming big by double fisting their $12 cocktails.Of course I got a bunch of dudes a row up that refused to sit at any point during the show. Ballads, dance interludes, parts that she wasn't even in; they were all "Fuck it!  We're standing!  It's Britney, bitch!"  That meant we couldn't see anything unless we stood too!  So even when the majority of people were sitting during certain parts, I was still out of my seat which probably made me look like a really big fan of Miss Spears.  Puke.  I actually shelled dough out for this show so I'd be damned if I were to miss a wardrobe malfunction.  Songs were....stage was...dancers were....screw that!  Go read other reviews for that stuff.   I didn't cross this show off my bucket list, I crossed it off my fuckit list.
4	Ok so you either will love it or hate it. Don't have to be a hard core fan to enjoy the awesome set up and dancers. Arrive ON TIME. She is not late. I loved the room size! Not too large it seems you can see well from any seat. Attire: some were in jeans others in  club dresses, it's up to you. I had an awesome time and I would go again!Ok cons: she lip sync could be a down side to some. I didn't mind.
5	Britney Spears Las Vegas residency show..... *sigh* wish I lived closer so I can see it again. The show was just perfection. Britney is so unique, beautiful & extremely talented. I got teary eyed when she came out in her first performance because this was the first time I had seen her up close in the 2 previous concerts I had been in. Since I don't know anyone else that loves Britney as much as I do.... Until my friend Jamie from work who is an ultimate fan who goes to meet&greets. The show was a complete party from beginning to end. The costumes were tasteful & gorgeous. I had VIP first row tickets so I wish I would of gotten a shirt, but I got a poster and a VIP lanyard. My trip from Miami to Las Vegas just to see Britney was totally worth it. She is an amazing artist, entertainer, and just a gorgeous looking person that I am already planning to see her next year!!
5	***BEST BEST BEST Concert Experience**** (5++++++++/5)As a Britney Fan in the past this concert is full of surprises. It's so different from the other Britney Concerts that I have been to. This concert is packed with creativity innovation in its overall production. I used to be a HUGE Britney fan in the past, but this definitely helps me remember why I LOVE BRITNEY so much. If you are a Britney fan you should definitely watch this concert its very memorable for me because you are able to get a piece of Britney, her experiences and life challenges. Especially when she sang, "Everytime" it made me really made teary because she went through a lot in her lifetime and when she sang that song,  YOU JUST KNOW. Although I wish she sang the other songs like she did this one it just drew more attention to this. Overall, I had a lot of fun because everybody was just dancing, singing-a-long and having fun. For the full experience you have to either be in the floor, front or middle seats. It also depends on the crowd that you are with too because every transition was exhilarating, sexy, fun and engaging. I can say after seeing all the Cirque Du Soleil shows including the most popular ones (Ka, O, Blue Man, Mystere, V!, Zumanity, Le Reve) as well as other concerts I can barely remember (RAIN, Timberlake (Disappointed- 1hr 30mins late) Backstreet Boys (Better-Great), River Dancing, Magic Shows, etc. ) I would say this is the most memorable. THANK YOU BRITNEY for putting on such as wonderful performance for your fans. I really want to see a comeback!!! I know you can do this!!!! GO BRITNEY!!!RECOMMENDATION: Emotional***I would definitely watch it AGAIN*!!! So you should watch it too!!! Get GOOD SEATS!!!! GO during the weekdays for premium seatings under $130!!LISA's Rating: 1. Britney (5++/5)2. Justin Timberlake (2/5)3. Rain (4/5)4. River-Dancing (4/5)5. Backstreet (5/5)6. Ka (5+/5)7. O (4.5/5)8. Blue (2/5)9. Mystere (3/5)10. Beatles (0/5-fell asleep 20 mins going in- Waste of Money)11. V! (2/5)12. Le Reve (3/5)
1	I get it. She wasn't going to sing much (she didn't sing at all), but I would have at least appreciated some effort from Britney, you know, since she had all the energy saved by not singing. The dancers worked harder than she did (they also looked more interested in being there than she did). Disappointed to spend any amount of money to see someone flail their arms for 90 minutes and get carried around by their dancers. Hey Britney, take your own advice, you better work, bitch.
2	Sorry Brit fans- she lip syncs the ENTIRE show- even the few that seem real aren't- we had front row seats and it was painfully obvious. If you are a huge Brit fan- you'll like it but if you are on the fence- dont waste money- see Absinthe or another one of the awesome shows in town!
5	Are you a Britney fan? You'll LOOOOVE her show. Are you not? Then you won't. It's that simple. I saw Sunday's show and she was so sassy - constantly cracking jokes about her breakup/ex cheating on her. There was a time that would have sparked a breakdown for her and she put on a brave face and gave this show some extra sass! I had a complete blast and loved watching her drag Perez Hilton on stage during Freakshow for some S&M gear and a leash to walk him down the runway on all fours!
1	The Show was a complete disappointment! Brittany was stiff and lip synced the whole time! Don't waste your money! Go see the MJ one show instead. The hologram danced better than Brittany! No longer a fan.
5	We had general admission up front. If you want to be 3 feet away from Britney, I highly suggest you pay the extra money and get those tickets. Does she sing? No. Is she the best dancer in the world? No. But it's Britney freaking Spears. Who cares! She put on a good show. I got to see her post boyfriend breakup, when women look their hottest so I think that was working for her too. The merchandise was ridiculously expensive. A rubber band bracelet was $5, a hoodie, $75. Girl is making some good money that's for sure. If you aren't a true Britney fan, don't go. But if you are, you cannot miss this.
5	amazeing a little short but so worth it we wer stage side so we stood the whole time but it was well worth it to be that close to britney
5	It's BRITNEY, B*TCH!!!!Fabulous show!!!  Lights, theatrics, vivid sets, striking costumes, outrageous dance performances, smooth song transitions ... It was a very entertaining show!  Her songs alone will get you off your feet to dance, dance, dance ... So I didn't mind standing 95% of the 90-minute show.  You could sit but you wouldn't be able to see since everyone was standing and dancing, which makes for a high energy, fun show.We all have heard it time and time again, she lip syncs her shows ... SO WHAT!!!  She's not Adele or any high caliber vocalist!!  I'm sure they're not jumping and flying all over the stage at their concerts, it's impossible to dance and sing perfectly!  So prerecorded?  I don't care!!  She's an awesome performer with beat-thrilling, ass-shaking songs!  Btw: Sorry that douche cheated on you, Brit.  Good job dropping his @ss!!!  Demand to be cherished and nothing less!!!   You looked great, post popping out 2 kids!  Keep it up, girlie!!!*This review is dedicated to Brandon C. for reviewing Brit's boutique http://www.yelp.com/biz/britney-spears-boutique-las-vegas?hrid=XPYdszVwVxkPiTZ2qqrLPA.  Now go watch the show!!!!  lol!
5	BEST CONCERT I'VE EVER BEEN TOO. Okay honestly I set my standards for the show kinda low just cause I've heard so many negative things about, but also a lot of positive. The show completely blew me away, I was in the pit so I was completely submerged into the show, one min she would be flying over the crowd performing everytime and then 2 min later is directly infront of you dancing her ass off, it was absolutely insane and mind blowing. She does lip synch the whole show but who cares at this point, she's been doing it for years so don't expect her to actually be singing or you'll be disappointed. All in all the show was amazing and I do plan on going back to see it again because ITS BRITNEY BITCH!
5	Bought general admission tickets for my best friend, and I. Worth every penny! We were in the second row, and I was just a few feet from Godney. You can't go to a Britney Spears concert and expect her to sing live. That's just a stupid move on your part, she's not the one to blame. I had read bad reviews so I was expecting a lot less from the show, but I am a die hard Britney fan so I went and was extremely impressed. You can't expect her to dance how she did 10 years ago. She's in her 30s with 2 children. Also, the dancers were significantly younger than her, so yeah, they are going to be a bit faster. But Britney did all of the moves, and looked like she was enjoying herself. She looked fabulous, and it was one of the best concerts I've ever seen. The outfits and the theatrics were really good. Also, the Axis is a really nice and cool venue. This is a show that's really worth seeing and it made me happy seeing Britney doing so well.
5	AMAZING SHOW!!!!! QUEEN BRIT DID IT AGAIN!!!!Unbelievable show, from the dancing, to the set, to the costumes, and music. It is a truly mesmerizing show from start to finish. She sincerely has a captivating charm that exudes through her show!!!! There is so much dancing and energy, it was like a huge Britney party!!!! Brit looks fabulously stunning in the show and looks beautiful!!!!People can say what they want about her, but she is a truly talented, mesmerizing performer, I guantee you will have a blast!!!! I dragged my husband and he did!!!!I forgot to mention they have some of her costumes from her videos on display!!!!!It doesn't matter if you are a fan or not, if you are in Vegas, you want to see this show and be a part of Vegas history!!!!!
3	This is an entertaining show, although I would not say that it's a GREAT 5 star show.  We all know that she lip syncs, but I'd expect her to lip sync if she put her ALL into the dancing.  I'd argue that her dancers DID put their all into their performance, but Britney's dancing was mediocre.   The graphics, lights, videos, etc were all great. The man they brought up from the audience to help "dance" had a hilarious part.  Overall it was a fun performance - but it was nothing exceptional.The drinks that you can buy at the show are decent.  It's a limited bar, but it is nice to be able to have drinks in the theater.We bought our tickets for $95, and we were seated in the 2nd row from the back.  Again, eh.  We were far enough to not be able to tell if her lip syncing was off.  The line to get in was long, but it moved quickly.  The photos that they take of you before you get into the theater are presented to you after you leave.  I think it was $40 per photo - which, sorry Britney, it's way overpriced.
4	Excellent will produced show has all her hits very little complains it starts about 10 minutes late but every show is sold out dancers are incredible it's worth the cost of price of a mission if you are a fan if your not a fan you will become one
3	If you are going to see Brit Brit, just realize you are going to see a "show" not a concert. Basically she's dancing around to her songs. If you are already a big fan, then sure it will be great... But if you are looking to see a quality musical performance, you will be sorely disappointed.We sat I in the last row because we are cheap, and I will say that if you're going to see this, you may as well do it right and fork over the dough to be down closer, we kind of wish we had. Would recommend only if you are already a fan, can't imagine she'll be making a ton of new ones with this show.
4	I've always really enjoyed Britney's music. It's catchy and puts me in a good, feisty mood. When I arranged a trip to Vegas, I immediately snagged two seats to the Piece of Me show.Being there was quite nostalgic. She performed all of her greatest hits ranging from the beginning to the present. However, I soon realized that while I do love Britney's songs, I really can't stand her fans. I sat behind a group of girls who must've taken 200 selfies with Britney in the backdrop and blocked my view for most of the show. I had just gotten off a 5.5 hour flight and didn't have nearly enough alcohol in my system to tolerate this level of narcissism.Overall, the show was fun. I was a bit bored at times, but I'm happy I had the chance to see my teen idol in concert. It's a lot like going to a bachelorette party at a dance club you'd otherwise never set foot in. You get to be part of the event, got in a couple of memorable photos and had overpriced sparkling wine. It's all in good fun, but once is probably enough.
5	This show is incredible! I went in with not high but decent expectations because we all know Britney has not been on her A game lately, but I came out surprised at what I saw!The show was action packed! The theater was amazing and comfortable! I had isle seats, section 205, row L, seat 15, so I was more towards the back which wasn't a problem. The way the theater is set up, there really isn't a bad seat in the house. Back to Brit Brit- she was on fire (August 23rd)! She danced like she was 20 years old again believe it or not, yes she did lip sync- BUT only occasionally. She sang many of the tracks live or with the track like Work Bitch(Opening), Piece of Me, Perfume, Crazy- ect. She even brought back songs she hasn't performed since 2000! The stage was incredible, having a stretched cat walk out into the audience so she gets a nice feel for the audience! There was rain, fire, snow, and was epic! She had many props that you wouldn't expect (50 foot tree she jumps off of)! She even made a point to connect and talk to the audience a little and bring a person up on stage! It was well worth it! Her body is back, her costumes are awesome, her voice is on point, her track list is for sure a winner, and she actually looks happy performing this time around! Only thing that I have a complaint about... It flies by! The show started at 9:15 and was over at 10:45! So it was quick and flew by! The crowd was so energetic, the most energetic and amazing audience I've ever witnessed at a concert! If you're a Britney fan don't wait to buy these tickets! Stay at Planet Hollywood too- it's well worth it! If you're thinking about seeing Britney, just do it. Don't worry about the money or anything! All your troubles are gone while this woman is on stage! My seats were good only thing is if you get a tall person in front of you, you're not going to see squat! But all was good! Amazing show- keep em' coming Britney!!! (IF YOU WOULD LIKE TO SEE VIDEOS FROM THE CONCERT AND MY SEATING, LOOK AT MY INSTAGRAM PAGE - @mikesollami - !!!)
5	VIP BABY!!  IT'S BRITNEY IN VEGA$ B*TCH!!!For my Yelp review #3200, I have decided to finally "yelp" the Britney: Piece of Me show, which is Britney Spears' residency concert at the Planet Hollywood Resort & Casino in Las Vegas. This review will focus on going as a VIP to Britney's show.I HAVE BEEN A DIEHARD BRITNEY SPEARS FAN SINCE 1999! I've attended several Britney concerts over the years and have enjoyed myself at each concert.When Britney Spears announced in 2013 that she was doing a two year residency in Las Vegas, I knew immediately that I MUST GO SEE BRITNEY IN VEGAS!!! The theater inside Planet Hollywood (The Axis) was remodeled just for the Britney: Piece of Me concert.  I went online back in December 2013 when tickets to her shows went on sale. Also, one of my longtime goals was to meet Britney Spears in person. MEET & GREET PACKAGES WERE $2,525. My jaw dropped at the price! This was probably my only sure chance that I will get to meet Britney Spears. I put my head down for 10 minutes, then calmly went online constantly thinking YOLO (You Only Live Once), picked a good date in May, and went ahead and purchased the Britney Spears Meet & Greet Package for $2,525 plus fees and optional event insurance. This package included a front row seat above the VIP tables, backstage tour, meet & greet & photo with Britney, autographed Britney poster, VIP laminate,  dedicated VIP check-in counter, and dedicated escort for VIP purchasers into the venue.  I immediately booked travel plans to Las Vegas afterwards. I received emails from Caesars Entertainment (owns Planet Hollywood) with reminders, hotel offers, and logistical updates (when and where to be on the night of the show). VIP PRESHOW ACTIVITIES: The VIP Meet & Greet ticket holders (around 20 folks) including myself gathered near the box office at our specified time, a few hours before show time and doors open to public. Staff escorted us into the venue. We were given instructions on how to conduct ourselves during the backstage tour including all cameras and cellphones must be turned off (no pictures were allowed of anything behind the scenes) and no touching of props & equipment (except for one wooden prop). Felicia Culotta (backstage tour director/former assistant for Britney) was our backstage tour guide with security staff behind our group. On the tour, we got to see the backstage area, props, lighting and sound equipment, Britney's upstairs dressing room (saw various costumes), and met some of the staff behind the scenes. We got to see the small costume changing areas on the stage (not visible to the audience). Lynne (Britney's mom) with Britney's two sons were present backstage and waved to us. Felicia did a great job explaining details and facts about the Britney - Piece of Me concert using a flipbook with notes. There is no upper level seating inside The Axis since the upper section is filled up with lighting equipment.  After the tour was done, our group was escorted to the front lobby, where we posed with a few of Britney's costumes from her music videos (behind glass cases), picked up our VIP merchandise (laminate/signed poster), and enjoyed crowd free shopping at the merchandise tables. Our VIP group met up again with Felicia (30 minutes later) and we were escorted outside to the backstage door (secured area), where we lined up to head inside to get our individual photo-ops (by a professional photographer) with Britney. The M&G and photo with Britney went superfast, not enough time to speak, just take the picture with Brit and exit outside and back inside again into the lobby. It was sooo awkward!CONCERT:  I had a front & center seat (Sec 103 Row A Seat 15 above the VIP tables) with a great view and directly in front of the center of the catwalk/stage. The catwalk extends out from the main stage with standing crowds on each side to the VIP tables in front. This 90 minute show showcased many of her greatest hits including Womanizer, 3, Baby One More Time, Oops!... I Did It Again, Me Against The Music, Piece of Me, Scream & Shout (BRING THE ACTION!), I'm A Slave 4 U, Circus, Toxic, Stronger, (You Drive Me) Crazy, Work B$tch, and others.  I enjoyed the high energy of the show including the lighting, special effects (fire, confetti, lasers, fog), various props, dancers & choreography, various costumes, and the music of course. Britney danced the night away with lots of energy, sounded great (with the help of back tracks) and looked fabulous in each outfit and costume throughout the entire show. After the show, I picked up my M&G photo with Britney (in a souvenir photo holder) from Felicia and the digital file of the photo on a flash drive. What an amazing and very entertaining show! I enjoyed it from start to finish! The Axis was a great theater to showcase Britney Spears, not a bad seat in the house. I finally got to meet one of my all-time favorite pop stars too! This show was worth it for a DIEHARD BRITNEY SPEARS FAN!! YOLO!
2	We sat on the 200's section.There was a roof blocking part of the show.No close up big screens.Nothing special about the stage decoration. Wast of money, and I am a Britney Spears fan.
5	Great performance! Such a fun time!!! We had front row seats. Britney had tons of energy and looked great. Played a lot of old school Britney (which I prefer) and some new. She lip synced of course, but who cares? She's a performer! My only complaint is that she didn't spend a lot of time on the stage that extended near the front row. For those prices, she should have been closer. Great Vegas show!
5	It's Britney Bitch and she does put on quite performance.  The  theatrics are fantastic and her dancing is still superb.  She does lip sync but seriously, the actual performance is flawless and the songs are true classics.  Seating is great although you will spend most of the 90 min. on your feet.
1	This is the worst show I have ever seen, particularly in Vegas.  Britney herself gave a poor performance, barely moving during the dance routines and looking like she wanted to get done a.s.a.p.  To add to that the set, effects and production overall was disappointing and poorly put together.  I was expecting to be wowed by the sets, instead I couldn't wait to leave.  Save your money for another show. Anything in Vegas is better than this.
2	I love Britney but this show was not all it could have been.  I think part of my issue was that we saw the Michael Jackson One show the night prior and I had that amazing performance to compare it to and they're just not the same.  We had really good seats but I don't know it just wasn't as exciting as I thought it would be.  Hardly anyone was dancing and maybe that was part of my issue.  I wanted to get up and sing and dance and I felt like no one around me was really doing that.Britney looked beautiful but moved very very slowly.  Major props to her dancers who really do most of the work during the show.I would never see this again.  Michael Jackson One however, was amazing.
2	I believe that this show could have been so much better. It was a bit of a disappointment to me.  It seemed like Britney was dancing in slow motion the entire show.  Her dancers were much better than she was. I Would have liked to hear more of her older music.  The show was a bit weird at times and it didn't seem like many people in the crowd were getting into the show.  She didn't really engage the audience much.  She said a few things and it didn't seem like she even cared to be there.  I'm glad that I didn't pay much to see the show as it was just ok.   I'm not sure I would recommend the show to anyone.  The theatre on a positive note was cool.  I don't think there was a bad seat in the house.
5	I'm dedicating my 400th review to Britney! That girl is on fire! So.. I've been a Brit fan since DAY 1 and seen her on tour a jillion times.  I even went to her Dallas show solo because nobody could come with me.  Pshh.. for Britney, I don't care.. I'll go to the concert alone, sing at the top of my lungs, dance around everywhere, and that's exactly what I did.But anyway, when I found out she was going to have her own Vegas show, I already knew I was going.  I'd never been to Vegas before, so I was pumped.  I immediately bought my tickets and planned our trip.  On the day of the show, I was thrilled! It was easy getting into the theater and it was NICE! The place isn't very big so every seat is pretty much a good seat.  The aisles are so roomy too, it allows tons of dancing room, which is important..lol.  After purchasing my $18 frozen patron margarita, my friend and fellow Brit lover sat down and waited.  They had a countdown clock, and as soon as it hit 0.00, our girl came out! She's so prompt.  We totally fan-girled!.  Hit after hit after hit after hit.  She looked amazing and has some serious moves! Sooo... everyone seems to have a problem with the fact that she lip-syncs, but honestly who cares. Does Britney have one of those power-house voices like Celine Dion has or Mariah Carey used to have? Nope, so who cares if she lip-syncs.  Try dancing around in heels all night and singing without sounding breathy.. yeah not going to happen!Overall- I highly recommend her show! She's an awesome performer and it's completely worth it! Plus, it's Britney, b*tch.
3	Went in with realistically low expectations, and they were met!  Yay Britney!I'm a big fan of her music, but had never seen her live.  If you've seen any of her award show performances of the last 7 years or so, you know what to expect.  She doesn't do much.  She walks back and forth across the stage.  Flails her arms a bit.  Might have been moving her mouth a little, I couldn't see from the cheap seats.  Says "WHAT'S UP VEGAS??!?" once or twice, which made me thankful she's in the same city every night or even that might've be too difficult for her at this point.But with all that said, I had a great time!  I got to sing and dance along to Britney's greatest hits while Britney herself was in the room with me!  The only thing that didn't meet my expectations was the crowd - I seemed to be seated in the AARP section with a bunch of seniors who clearly made a wrong turn on their way to Celine Dion.  The people around me didn't (couldn't?) get out of their seats even once, which was a bit of a buzzkill.  On the plus side, the dancers around Britney were excellent and some of the set pieces were pretty cool.  All in all it was a fun show, but could have used a little more effort on Britney's part to get the audience engaged.
5	I grew up listening to Britney and stuck with her all this time. To day, she is one of my favorite artists! Am I biased? Obviously. But honestly you shouldn't even be looking into this show if you're not a fan of BritBrit. (Save the tickets for the ones who aren't afraid to sing and dance!)Britney was one of the most amazing shows I've ever seen! And when I say show, I don't mean a concert because that's not really what this is. As Britney says, it's almost like a circus, a spectacular. She danced pretty hard to everything and pretended to sing occasionally. I have to say her sets are by far the most elaborate I've seen! (which is one reason why I consider it more of a Vegas show than a concert.) And her dancers are amazing as well!Honestly the tickets are pretty worth it. I was in a back corner and could see surprisingly well! However, if I could do it again I would buy pit tickets -- up close and personal, cheaper than many sitting tickets, you have to stand up the whole time but everyone does anyway!Come hydrated though, especially if you know all the words! This venue gets you on the drinks. They supposedly don't even have tap water so a normal bottle costs $8.
1	Brittany lip-synced the entire show and barely moved her body.  It felt like she was saying to herself "walk 3 steps, shake hips, walk back."  She never engaged the audience.  I felt bad for the dancers who worked much harder than she did.  Besides not singing one song live, I also think the band was fake.  This show, hands down, worse performance on the strip.
3	I LOVE BRITNEY! I been to most of her shows and love all her songs!For my birthday weekend, my bf surprised me with AMAZING seats that probably cost an arm and leg, but well worth it!Being in the same vicinity as Britney was wonderful!Yes, if you have attended any of Britney's shows previously, you know she lip syncs in some of her songs.  But you know what? She's Britney she can do whatever she wants, you already paid for the ticket! She is more a performer not a vocalist.But I agree with some of the fans reviews, She is moving a bit on the slow side.  Maybe it could be age? or she's just tired.Either way, If you want to sing and dance along with Britney, this is a great show!I'm am more than grateful for the seats my bf purchased since most of the time ppl are standing up!
4	I think if you go to the show with low expectations knowing that she's going to lip-sync and knowing that she's a 30+ mother of two who no longer moves like a 20 year old, then you are going to have a fabulous time rehashing all her greatest hits.  She surrounds herself with a beautiful set and amazing dancers and still steals the show.  Great performance!
2	Saw Britney on the 17th with a bunch of girl friends and we were all pretty excited!  We were sadly disappointed in Brit.  She was sloppy and she didn't have much energy.  If she's lip-syncing she should be able to pull off the moves but nope.  I focused on the back up dancers, the stage, props, music, and those were all very well done.  If you're there expecting to see Britney rocking it, you'll be disappointed.
1	I went to this show with an open mind, but have to say it was a complete waste of money. I could have put up with the lip syncing if the show was spectacular..but it was not. Very poor indeed.
1	I have no idea what i just witnessed...She didn't sing, barely moved, and looked pretty bored the entire show! Yes... Her dancers are good but it's not the Britney's dancer show. Sure the lighting was cool... But it all wasn't enough to overcome the obvious lack of talent that woman has.I've seen so many amazing shows and concerts here in Vegas and this was not one of them. I feel I would've enjoyed a Britney impersonator better. Seriously bad. #icanteven
2	Let me start off by saying that I love Britney and her music. I was fully aware that she would be lip-syncing, but I assumed that since she wasn't singing, her dancing would be spot on. Definitely not the case. She did everything carelessly and with no energy, like she was bored. She even missed some steps and dance moves, which surprised me. I thought since she does this same show so often she would have it down pat. She also had an outfit on at one point that was too big and she was constantly pulling her pants up...can't someone get this girl some clothes that fit?! Super distracting.Her dancers were great and she played all of her hits. But we were on the second row and nobody stood up to sing and dance. The audience treated it more like a Vegas show than a concert. Kind of a bummer for the money! I live in Vegas and would suggest many shows over this one. It's nothing impressive. Spend your money elsewhere!
4	Saw her show on 10/25/14 & I must say I enjoyed myself very much. My friends and I stood up the entire time dancing and singing. The props were amazing. We all know Britney spears lip syncs WHO CARES!! If you a true fan you'll enjoy every part of the show including the lip syncing. Her dance moves were also a second off but we really didn't mind, We came to listen to old school Britney and that's EXACTLY what we got!! The gift shop was across the arena. We bought a few things decent pricing.IT'S BRITNEY BITCH!!
2	I love Britney too but the sound was awful to me. The music was louder than the singing.  The sets were beautiful and unique but I would not personally recommended this concert/show. Strangely enough when I told people around here I was going to see the show no one said anything other than it was just "Okay."
5	SUCH A FUN SHOW! Britney is a great entertainer! Really enjoyed the show! I have seen the show twice now, and would definitely go back again! The first time I saw it was New Year's 2014, and then just recently on October 3, 2014. The first experience was incredibly fun and glamorous, and wonderful Christmas present! And then I was then I was given complimentary tickets for my second show- these tickets were front row with a bottle of champagne- words cannot describe how incredibly fun this experience was! I truly had such a fun time dancing and singing along to all the songs. The sets, dancers and Britney are all incredibly great! If you are a Britney fan- you have to see the show, even if you are not a Britney fan- you will enjoy it anyways! Have Fun!
1	#cancelthisshow might have just put on her CD with backup dancers.  Very sad and the crowd managed to make a bad show even worse ; save your money, don't go.  I've never been to a show where 30% would have walked out in the middle of it.
4	My friends and I decided to see Britney while we were in Vegas and we all enjoyed the show and were happy despite the expensive ticket price.  The theater is much smaller than I thought it would be so the view is pretty good even if you have the cheaper seats like we did.  They take you photo when you walk in so be prepared to look cute and then shell out a ton for the pic after waiting in line after the show.  The show was great overall but I feel like the speakers/sound system could have been up higher.  Yes, she didn't actually sign but whatever, it was probably better that way.  The dancing and sets were good but I absolutely loved the screens that played along with the songs.  It turned the room into a part of the show and made you feel like you were actually experiencing the actual sets.  For example, when Toxic plays everything in Jungle themed and the screen have this great jungle stuff showing.  It is beautiful.  I think even men or people that aren't actual Britney fans would enjoy this show.
5	What a great show!  I took my daughter for her birthday!  We had a great time!  We showed up about 30 minutes early and got right in.  It was organized perfectly& Britney was amazing!
4	Great show!Awesome line-up of songs! Her older music is the best and they played some of my favorites from her first album: Baby One More Time, Crazy, and LUCkY!Inside, prices a little steep, but its vegas.  if you want a drink in the suvenior cup, it costs $24.  The photo they take of you when you enter is $30 and t-shirts are $45.  Just giving you a heads-up.TICKET AND SEATING INFO: VERY INFORMATIVE - PLEASE READ.The map makes it look like there is an upper deck. There is not. It is all one level.  REPEAT: There is NO upperdeck.  It is all one level, seperated by a walk-way.  While the closer seats are better, I stood at row Z in 200s to see what it looked like and it wasn't too bad. So if you are on a budget, don't worry- the higher up seats are still decent. Photo is last row -BONUS TIP- check stubhub the night before.  We got 105 row D for almost half price.  Paid $99 plus fees, making it $111. Great value and find on stub hub.
3	It was my first trip to Vegas, and seeing Britney was on my to-do list. Went on a Friday night and the the place was pretty packed. About half the people (the girls) were dressed up like they were at a club. The other half was dressed on the more casual side. I would suggest getting drinks at the small bar located right outside of the Axis at PH. I overheard a girl next to me saying she paid $48 for 2 beers! Yes, they came with the souvenir tumbler, but $48 for 2 beers is still pretty steep. I understand that people lip sync, but I think for the price everyone paid, she could have at least sung a bit more. I feel like she lip synced the whole time. She sang all her hits, even the older ones from Baby One More Time. Her dancers were wonderful. I think they stole the show from her since their stage presence was amazing. Britney seemed sooo tired and worn out (I don't blame her, she's been doing this show for over a year). Most of her "dancing" was just her walking around, or her standing in one spot and moving only her arms and not her legs. Overall, I think it's an OK show. If you're a huge Britney fan, it's probably worth the money. I wouldn't pay to see her again.
2	I love Britney and her music, but her show was pretty terrible.  I went in knowing she would be lip-syncing, but thought we were paying for and would be seeing a great performance from the Queen of Pop.  However, it was far from entertaining.   The crowd seemed to be going in revved up and excited, but after the first song, deflated like a balloon.   She had no energy which affected the energy of the crowd and the vibe I felt was that she did not want to be there.  It looked like she was marking her dancing as if in a dress rehearsal and mostly skipped across the stage to the music.  I would suggest you spend the money you would on her concert on itunes and listen to her at home or in your car.  It's much more fun that way.  I do hope she does well, but she needs to step it up a bit.
1	I. Hate. To. Do. This. This was one of the worst shows I have ever seen! I really really wanted to enjoy this show. But. No. Visually the show was great. Great costumes, great background dancers, great visual affects. But I didn't come to a show to only focus on the background dancers and the stage layout. All of these things in a regular show would be secondary to the main attraction. Not so luck with Brit Brit. I knew Ms Spears would be lip syncing...and I was absolutely fine with that. BUT I was expecting to see her dance her butt off! Complete disappointment. All she did was prance up and down the stage and make grandiose arm gestures. During one part of the show they displayed a 1-2 min video clip of all of her music videos. That had to be the best part... Don't waste your money or your time unless you received free tickets like I did. Even then....I would suggest going to a dinner and a movie instead.
4	Good Theatrics, Lighting, Music, Dance make for a GREAT SHOW.I am not a Britney Spears fan by far don't care for hearing her music other than having to listen to it on the radio, my wife and daughter playing it at home or playlist in the Gym. That being said I really enjoyed taking my wife to see this venue for our Anniversary Nov 7. This was to be a surprise for her but it ended up surprising me as well. We got American Express seating right in the middle Sec 204 RowK Seat 9-10 $132 ea., The venue is so small and intimate you can see the show from all angles. There are 2 bars outside, I purchased a Coke $5 and Sprite in souvenir cup $12. I usually carry a flask or 2 when in vegas drinks are your typical $16-$20. I can get 2 stiff drinks from my flask savings of 32 bucks +.  Didn't purchase anything else. FYI-people selling tickets outside get there early get a good deal someone even offered me a free ticket their friend got too drunk to watch the show. Britney and her crew dance their ass off for an hour and a half to all her hits. They do several wardrobe, and set changes in between. The lighting and screens were amazing constantly changing I never new the extent of this technology until this show, wow blew my mind. For those of you criticizing her dance energy, please go to the gym work your a-- off in heals for an hour and half see how long you can go. I think she did great.My wife was delighted to see her pop princess, I was a hero and enjoyed the show. Great venue!
1	Britney doesnt sing , dubbed, (which we knew and didnt care) however no big screen to see when far away, which we were also not far away but could not see very well.  Also Briteny DID NOT show any effort or enthusiam about being there and her dancing was WAY less adequate than her actual dancers who were amazing by the way.  However I did not pay to see her dancers.  I was very dissapointed about paying that amount of money for what we actually recieved.  The worst was the fact it was abvious she was not performing, she was going through the actions.
5	I was brought to tears!!! First off, yes she's not singing live but she IS entertaining you! When I first purchased my tickets I didn't expect to be able to see much of Britney up close. Was I wrong! The Axis theater is actually quite tiny and on the intimate side for a Vegas theater. I had middle section tickets and could see everything! The show itself definitely goes by quick. It did seem short but I was enjoying myself and didn't want it to ever end. Britney is a great performer. Her dancers are just as incredible and very interactive. The sets are beyond words. The lighting and effects are enchanting. Piece of Me is very surreal. I'm so glad I got to experience Britney's residency here. It is definitely something you will remember and look back on for a lifetime.
2	I have always been a fan of Ms B and when I got free tickets I was all in!  We got a room and chilled for a couple nights eating good food on the strip.  So the show was not a total wash....However when we went for the show we stopped at the bar to have a few drinks near the entrance.  So we got to watch the show of girls going into the show was very entertaining.  In all actuality it was was probably as much fun as watching the show.  I hate to say that, I was hoping for a great Brittany comeback.  So the show starts and there is a lot of action lots of movement and lights and action.  I was happy, but as the show moves along you begin to realize that she is not singing and she so choreographed that her dancers are better then her.  I have been to many concerts in my time and this is by far the worst.  She dose not sing, she does not dance ( I thought she was known for her dance) She is good at walking around the stage!  she had 0 personality besides what is written down for her.I have seen a lot of shows here in Vegas this is by far the worst most choreographed show.  BTW choreographing is not bad but when your dancers are better then you you may have to rethink things.  Brittany you rock, I love you but your show pretty much sucksBoHooo
1	"Gimme Gimme more" Brit! and "you better work B#tch!" That's how I feel in a nutshell after watching her performance. It makes me sad to review this at such a low rating but it's truly how I feel. This was the worst concert I've been to by a big name performer. Where do I even start?Lip singing- didn't think it would bother me. Well, it did. It felt like I had the tv turned on to some concert and I wanted to change the channel. I felt as part of the audience very disconnected. She didn't involve the audience or get them pumped up. The flow to the performance was choppy and there was no flow. It all felt random and not much interaction with the audience except for one time.There was a stage that was a half moon shape connected to the main part of the stage. We paid 2x the price of the cheaper tickets to sit up close to see her closer. But did we? No! Why? Because she never used that half moon part of the stage. She would march up and down it every once in a while, but by the time I tried to take a picture she was walking the other way! It was that quick. Not to compare but I saw NKOTB perform here and wow what a difference!!! They went into the audience, stood up on top of ledges in various parts of the audience and sang an entire song. They did this for 2 songs!Boys 2 men didn't go into the audience but talked to us and interacted- told us about themselves and it just felt like they were appreciative for us being there. Back to Britney, she didn't seem to appreciate her fans and give them anything! She couldn't sing for us, and now the worst part was she couldn't dance! I expect for the money I paid for a ticket to be entertained! If it's not with your singing then it better be with your dancing! Not Brit. She marches on one side of the stage to the other. Her back up dancers are high energy and moving way more than her. Britney looks dead like she didn't get enough sleep and she's bored. Her moves seemed robotic and boring. Arm movements mainly and climb on a chair climb off. Bored, lethargic. More arm movements. Arm up arm down. That's the extent of it.  Get this over with attitude is the vibe I was getting from her.Ok on to the audience. I felt glued to my chair. Nobody was standing!!! I once got up to let someone out of our aisle and the lady behind me was annoyed and rolling her eyes. Why do you go to a Britney concert and want to sit in your chair???! I wanted to stand so badly but I would be the only one. Come on people, have some fun!! The people to the left of me (entire section) looked like zombies. I got a cheap thrill looking at their facial expressions. They looked bored to tears and expressionless. Nobody seemed like they were having fun and that brought down the energy for me. I don't know if that section to the left of me was comp'ed or why they seemed so uninterested. No offense but I saw lots of older people that didn't appear to be fans. Maybe I was in the reject section. Maybe they got free tickets or something but it looked like they meant to watch the Celine Dion concert. Everyone just sitting three nobody singing along or having any fun!The only positive was her stage and costumes, a couple scenes were cool. But I didn't come for that!Britney you need to take the lyrics to your song and "work B#tch." Give your fans something for the high ticket price. I've liked you since the beginning and all the anticipation for years wanting to see you I finally did and wish I didn't. My image changed of you and not in a good way.
4	I really enjoyed myself. Though I hadn't heard any good feedback from many of my friends. She looked better (presentable) than I expected.  The bottle service really made for a great experience. 1 bottle of ciroc for 4 girls. We drank it all and had a blast.  The cushioned bench style seat was comfortable. The view from bottle service section is excellent. It's fun to have some drinks, get up off your seat and dance with your friends.  The stage props and dancers really help this show.  I would watch it again.
4	Ok, I was so excited to see her show but I was a little disappointed during her performance. I've been a fan since I was in middle school. I was expecting a greater and exciting performance. She seemed tired and didn't move too much. Most of her performance was her just moving her arms and walking around. Some songs - she would lip sing and others she sung live. I was expecting a more lively performance like more dancing. I give her a 4 because she is still the queen of pop and I'm still a fan. I liked the venue, it was very intimate so even if you get cheaper tickets, you will still be able to see her close. Would I see her again? Yes, if you are a true fan you will enjoy regardless. But do not expect a over the top performance.
5	the show was absolutely amazing. If you love britney you'll love the show. I feel like people are just looking for negative things to say about it. I sat at a VIP table off to the side and it was still a fantastic view. We had so much fun. The only negative thing is that the drinks are way overpriced. So if you don't want to spend $30 for a margarita, you should probably pre-game at the bar outside of the venue. I definitely want to see the show again before its gone.
1	Saw show last night and left early as it was horrible. She lip singing the entire time and her dancing was horrible. Boo!
2	Don't waste your time or money. We are huge Britney fans and we were bored. She lip syncs the entire show which is understandable since she performs every night but she is tired and lazy. She goes through the motions because she has to. There are big screens but she doesn't let the camera shoot her. So if you aren't front row then all you see is some random blond chick dancing in the distance. It was such a disappointment. Do anything but this. It's really sad for me to write this review but the only does this performance in order to support her family and outs the least amount of effort possible in order to just get through it.
5	Awesome show done by Brittany. Duke brought in all songs from the past and the light show was amazing.
4	Fun and energetic show.  I preface my review with being a fair-weather fan of the Britney.  I never bought any of her music, but I've heard plenty on various media outlets.The entire experience is quite engrossing.  It's a large theater in Planet Hollywood but at the same time it wasn't too big to make it impersonal. The stage is set up with a catwalk for Britney to walk out on ever so often.  We sat rather far back but could still see her quite clearly.The performance itself looked to be quite a workout for her so in my mind she earns her $$$.
