3	I called in on Christmas Eve morning to see if there was a wait. The lady who answered said I could get right in with no wait. i got there 10 minutes later and the waiting room was full of puking kids and people hacking up all kinds of strange things. I was there for an injured foot, not really wanting to catch whatever was floating around in the air. It took almost 40 minutes for them to call me back. They immediately took an X-ray and the technician was great. I sat in the exam room for about 15 minutes waiting for the doctor to tell me my results. She came in and said she likes to meet her patients before looking at their bones. I thought that was nice. They filled my prescription right there, so I avoided the trip to the pharmacy. If in need an Urgent care again I would probably head back here...but wearing a surgical mask.
5	The staff was very nice and personable. I didn't wait more than 30 mins in the waiting room before being called back. I really appreciated that they could fill prescriptions on site. I'd definitely come back here in the future if I need to.
4	This is by far the best urgent care I've been to! The staff is ALWAYS great and friendly. The waiting room is clean and wait times aren't too bad either. My favorite part is the fact that they have their own "mini" pharmacy for affordable prices, so instead of waiting at Walgreen's for your prescription you get it right there after you see the doctor!
5	Hands down the best urgent care I've ever been to. I went to Concentra a few weeks ago, and it didn't compare with East Valley Urgent Care.  The wait was short, doctors were friendly and knowledgable, and they give you any medicine you need right in the clinic (don't have to go to a pharmacy!).
5	I had the unfortunate experience of being over the top sick with a Migraine the day after Christmas. I was so bad off i couldn't drive or really even see straight.  I have never been to an Urgent care ever, but i have been to the ER.                                       So this was a whole new deal.  They were so  wonderful!                                            The wait was not long at all,even though they were very busy!  The Dr. saw me right away, and he knew what was wrong and how to fix it.  Two shots later i was pain free. Thank you Dr. Doug! I hope i never have to go back, but if i do i am glad they are here.   The entire place is very clean and smells clean as well. Keep this place in mind if you are ill and need help fast.
4	When you're sick and need help NOW, and the general practitioners that you call can't see you for TWO WEEKS, where do you go?  To the urgent care clinic.  East Valley Urgent Care is the closest one to me.Now, when you go to a facility that offers walk-in service, you may find a waiting room that's nearly empty, or an absolute full house.  I've seen both.  Frankly, I didn't care--I'd rather be able to wait a few hours to get care today than at an appointment in two weeks.  The kids crying can get a little irritating, but the facility is neat and clean.Service is good once you get a room.  They accept insurance and at all of the times that I have been there, members of my family have received excellent care.I almost wonder if I really need a general practitioner at all at this point.  If this is the one place that can guarantee me care when I need it without having to go to the ER, maybe I'll just stick with these guys.
4	Took myself cuz I didn't feel I was getting better.  Pleasant front desk staff, minimal paperwork (Yeah!!!), and not a long wait.I wish they had earlier hours but at least they don't close at 5:00 pm.Good experience as far as a visit to the doctors office could ever be.
5	This is the only urgent care center that I trust at this point. I have now been here three or four times and while I've always driven over with a slight sense of dread wondering about the wait and how attentive the care will be, I always leave lighthearted knowing I made a good choice. The front desk employees are kind and welcoming and all of the doctors I've seen so far have been incredibly knowledgeable and more than ready to answer my questions. I've been to urgent care places all over Tempe and I confidently hang my hat on this one.
4	Very airy; clean; bright waiting area.I never had to wait very long compare with Advance Urgent Care by I-10.This one is so much more considerate of your time.Their nurse & doctor are all much better than Advance urgent Care.
5	The best Urgent Care I've been to. It wasn't busy, I waited no more than 30 minutes tops after filling out my (SUPER EASY) paperwork. The service was quick, I didn't feel rushed, and it felt like the entire staff genuinely cared about making me feel better. I walked in with a 103.8 degree fever and body aches, left with a perfect 98.6 degree temperature and antibiotics to cure my strep throat! The generous doctor even waived my strep throat test fee! Definitely going back there if I have an emergency like this again. :)
4	I took my son here because I was told by a friend that they could help with foreign objects in eyes.  This meant a lot to me because the last time I took my son for this issue to an urgent care, they told me that they couldn't help me and sent me to the ER to be taken care of.  The people at this urgent care were very nice and treated my son very well.  The service was quick and when the doctor prescribed an antibiotic, they told me that they could fill it right there at the urgent care for me!  It was ready for me before I was done checking out!  This is such a awesome thing to do for people because taking a sick kid to a pharmacy after they already spent an hour or more at the doctor is never fun.The only thing I didn't like was that the room I was in needed some repair.  The electrical outlet cover was completely missing from the wall in the room I was in.  I can't believe a medical facility would leave such an obvious hazard like that!
1	Went for minor throat symptoms. Was prescribed prednisone (a steroid). When I got home and checked the bottle, it was labeled cephalexin (an antibiotic) and had someone else's name! Turns out everyone got the right pills, but my bottle had the wrong label. So not as bad as it might have been, but still an unacceptable mistake. Doubt I will use them again.
5	I am very impressed with not only the level of care but also customer service that I received throughout the process.  I only went here because I couldn't wait for 2 more weeks to see my primary care for medication refill. Even though I wasn't there for being sick or hurt, everyone treated me with exceptional care. Listening to my problem and proposing solutions. Joe the nurse who greeted me and took my vitals was extremely pleasant and knowledgable. Dr. Amato was very kind and professional and took the time to explain options and how each option would help. The receptionist at the front desk was very patient and always smiling to greet the new people.  Best thing I did was schedule an appointment via their wahoo service. Check in took only 5 minutes. The wahoo (wait at home or office) option was great. The phone calls to confirm my information and to schedule my appointment were very prompt.   The facility was very clean and presentable.
3	I went there today for a sore throat. What impressed me the most was that it was not too busy, but at the same time I feel like it could have been quicker. Definitely faster and better than any of my experiences with Urgent Care in TN. The doctor was friendly and personable. I did not feel like he was in a rush or I was just another number. The nurse was also very nice.
5	Excellent doctors and nurses. In and out of the office in 45 min or less. Clean and well maintained. Had to go back 2 days later bc illness persisted. Doctor was very knowledgable and concerned, he went above and beyond. Would recommend them to anyone.
5	I had a muscle injury & the doctor gave me a 3 pronged plan with medication & stretches in order to speed recovery. It's so nice being able to see a doctor the same day rather than wait 2 weeks to get an appointment. OK - you have to wait in line when you get there but their hours are flexible so you will almost always get seen.
3	quick, quick. My only negative was the PA we saw gave my daughter antibiotics for an infection she "might not have" and when I expressed some hesitation she looked at me like I was insane.
5	I had an 103 degree fever for several days and needed to see a DR ASAP.I am new in  town and have no Primary Care Physician yet, so I tried this Urgent care.I filled out the basic paperwork at 8AM on a SAT morning. I may have waited 15 minutes overall before being treated.They took quick action, took vitals, did an immediate X-ray and diagnosed severe Pneumonia. They filled the prescriptions onsite and saved me from another trip and wait at the pharmacy.I saw immediate relief as my fever broke, and I am on the road to recovery.I got prompt, caring, and professional advice.  Recommended!
5	"I went in to the Tempe office on Fri 10-11-2013 and saw Dr. Levey. He was awesome, professional and right to the point. After my urine test was negative he arranged for a CAT scan the same day. I then went back in and he explained in detail (picture and all) that I had diverticulitis and to go to the hospital. Days later he even personally called me to see how I was doing days later. Thank you Dr. Levey! "
5	Best urgent care I'v been to. Office is new, spacious, and clean. Also, it's not busy here and they aren't under staffed. The doctors here are great and answered questions that doctors at other urgent cares couldn't. I wasn't rushed and got all the insight i needed on what to do to fix my problem. If you check in you get a free in-house prescription. So my Vicodin was free, awesome.
4	The wait wasn't too bad. Came in with a list of problems and the doctor was able to quickly assess the issues. Very friendly. I wish they had some complimentary water bottles like some of the other urgent care centers but that is minor. The free prescription for checking in was a great surprise and definitely helped out financially with the other meds I am purchasing. Overall pretty satisfactory visit. I've been going to ASU for four years now and this is my favorite urgent care center I've been to. Highly recommend.
5	**Review for clinic on Rural/Elliot**SHOCKED at the quality of service...Knock on wood, with three boys and all their activities, I can count on one hand the times we've had to use an urgent care or the emergency room. I've heard all the horror stories of long wait times, rude burnt out staff and lackluster Docs... so I was already preparing myself when I loaded my husband in the car with what we suspected were broken ribs. (combat sports)I called ahead and asked the wait time...10 minutes, and yes they do Xray's. I get there and we were greeted by a young reception, for 8:30 (closing time at 9) I expected attitude...none, very helpful and responsive. The clinic is clean and very organized!They took my husband in the back, a few minutes called me back there to wait with him then the Doc came in. She was absolutely professional, smiling and making us feel comfortable. Extremely thorough with her explanations and was very willing to answer all questions. I even made a comment to my husband that I liked her better than our regular family physician...he's nice, but sometimes seems rushed...I would absolutely go back...let's face it, the medical industry is as much a competitive market as a retailer these days...these guys get it...they get that we aren't just patients...we are customers and we have choices. I highly recommend this urgent care clinic.
2	Typical urgent care. The lobby and rooms were exceptionally clean. The wait, however, was rediculous both times I went. They just leave you sitting in a room so long you're *this close* to just leaving. I won't return.
5	I rarely go to urgent or emergency care as I prefer natural healthcare and for the most part, did not have positive results with most medical doctors in the past.  Well this was quite a change of experience.  I had a cold that got worse.  I went in for some antibiotics to deal with the problem.  After chest X-ray and an examination, was told that I had pneumonia.  They prescribed some wonderful things that helped me feel better the next day.  The doctor and staff here probably saved my life.  I am rarely impressed with medical doctors but the staff here is awesome.  Very caring, nice, and helpful people.  If other doctors were compassionate and helpful as here, medical doctors would have a good rep.  This is definitely on my A-List of places to go.
5	This place is amazing. They are always super fast and efficient and their office is always clean. I've been here twice now and both times the staff was very friendly. I like that they do x-rays on-site and always have a tech available. Also, the last time I visited, I was prescribed an antibiotic and they had the prescription on hand so I was able to receive and pay for it right at the office. No waiting or trips to the pharmacy.
5	This place was incredibly thorough and professional! Thao the PA is kind, compassionate and explained everything. I wouldn't hesitate to come here for any health needs.
4	I was seen 10 minutes after signing in. Everyone was polite and helpful. I only give 4 stars because the PA was polite enough but kept seeming like she didn't want to be there and left her used gloves an other things used for sanitation just lying around when she was done. Otherwise it wasn't a bad trip.
5	WOW is all I can say about this place. I had to drive from Denver to Phoenix for some job training. I haven't been sick in a long, long time. Of course I had to come down with a horrible head cold on this trip. I went to see these guys and I could not be happier. There was nobody there when I arrive, so I got seen in 10 minutes. The ver nice Dr. Ledesma, gave me a good looking over and prescribed some meds and a breathing treatment. I feel like now I can finish the next 2 days of training without my head pounding and nose running. Many many Thanks to these guys.
4	Reception was really nice. The nurse practitioner was also nice/helpful.. They took time to explain everything - I did not feel rushed by them which was a nice! I gave them 4 stars because of the wait: Took 75min to get in/out for something very minor..
2	BEWARE the Yelp check-in offer!  They honored the offer (free prescription) at the time of purchase but then sent me a bill 2 months later for the value of the offer. Very shady billing practices!!Quality of care was only okay (talked to the doc for maybe 5 mins) and the office was clean.  But I waited more than an hour, despite calling to ask about the wait time and being told 15 minutes. Overall, not a great experience.
4	Came here this morning for a painful procedure that needed done quickly (so my primary couldn't do it) but wasn't urgent enough to warrant an ED visit. Waiting area was very clean and quiet, although all the posters for QUICK WEIGHT LOSS PRESCRIPTIONS were rather... yeah. Admitting staff are prompt and professional, paperwork is kept to a minimum, and the nurse practitioner who got to deal with my disgusting self was top-notch, especially when she calmly talked me through the lidocaine injection. The experience wasn't pleasant, exactly (anything involving scalpels and needles is pretty much unpleasant by definition), but everyone here made it much less unpleasant than it could have been.
1	Do not go here for a migraine I took my girl in and all they did was a shot of ibuprofen(torridol) and Fennegan for nausea and a note for work we came here because she needs something for these flair ups not just a shot and go  after I told them she has had ibuprofen 800 so that mixed with the torridol could cause renal failure
4	Everyone here was great! It took a long time - 1 1/2 hours from start to finish - but it was because they were busy. I did not have to make an appt. People at the desk and the nurse were very friendly. Dr Ledesma was fantastic - she figured out my problem quickly and explained everything she was thinking and doing. Was quick and efficient with minor procedure. And I left with antibiotics from them so I didn't have to make another trip to pharmacy afterwards - the meds weren't too expensive from them also. This is a good clinic.
4	Front desk girl was very friendly and helpful. The physicians assistant was super nice and made me feel right at home and was even from Wisconsin which gave me a sense of comfort. I would definitely come back. Plus the clinic was very clean and close to my house.
1	do not go here!!!!! they sent in a ton of lab tests that had nothing to do with what i went in for and i had nooooo consent in taking. now i have a bill from sonora quest lab for 698.28.i have called this urgent cares billing so many times to ask them about the tests and all they say they can do is contact the doctor, well its been since june and they still "cant" get ahold of the doctor who sent in the tests! do not go here!!!! if i could rate them 0 stars i would
5	Awesome, I was a bit apprehensive after reading some of the negative reviews but I figured there were more positive than negative, every other urgent care has low ratings in the area, and most of the negative reviews didn't necessarily involve the care they received. Plus, not being able to breathe kinda takes precedence over anything else. I woke up not being able to breathe normally and after refusing to go get help, I finally gave in when night came and I was still the same. I saw that this place was open late and we headed on down to the clinic. They were not busy at all (we came at 6pm and they are open until 10pm), with 5-6 people ahead of me. They called me back in 30 minutes! The front desk staff was very friendly and helpful. There were two people in front, a young girl and a young man. The office furniture had seen better days, but everything was clean which is the most important thing in my book.So I went back and the first nurse was nice and took my vitals, I went to another room and another nurse took me to get an X-ray after 5 minutes. The x-ray tech was nice and took his time to explain what he was doing and why he was doing it. After my x-ray, it only took 10 minutes for the practitioner to come in. I was expecting someone kinda grumpy as you sometimes get when you come to places such as this, but nurse Linder rocked! He was super nice, explained my accurate treatments and prescriptions, and I left being able to breathe again!He even made sure I was okay after my treatment and talked to me some more about my condition even though he was very busy. The whole visit only took two hours (again, I received a treatment that took 20-25 minutes, most people don't need this), instead of waiting two hours at a clinic. In an emergency, I now have a reliable clinic to go to!
1	They took money out of my bank account without sending me a bill !!! What they told me is that they emailed me on Jan 2 and the money was going to come out on the 3rd . Well i recieved NO EMAIL and the money came out on the 6th . THEY NEED TO SEND PAPER BILLS IN MAIL NOT EVERYONE CHECKS EMAIL all the time . and whose to say they sent it to the right email !!! obviously they didnt !!!
