4	Miss Saigon 88 opened recently and it's a great addition to the food scene in North Oakland!  Located across from Tamarind of India, in the former space occupied by Johnny's Place, Miss Saigon 88 has done a very nice remodeling job inside and created a warm and welcoming environment.So far I've only tried one entree for take out, but we can't wait to go back and try the wide variety of Pho and noodle soup dishes that are on the menu.  After only a week open, there was already a fair sized lunch crowd, so I'd recommend checking this place out soon before word gets out.Prices were a little expensive for some in our group, but all of that discussion ceased when the HUGE portion sizes came out.  Everybody has enough left over for dinner.I'll be back!
3	I'm not a biggie on pho, but I'm pretty sure this is the only place you can get it in Oakland.  Everything on their menu is half off 2 hours before they close, which is 8pm-10pm on Sun-Thurs and 9pm-11pm on Fri-Sat.  Their pho came in a big portion and was pretty good for the $5 I paid after half off.  Good alternative to the other half off places in South Oakland and even better if you live in North Oakland :)
3	All I can say is that I was not disappointed (Note that I did not have high expectations) I went before the half off deal and was still satisfied, mostly with the portion sizes. I had the vermicelli noodles: BBQ chicken.  It was okay, nothing too memorable.  I really really want to go back and try more! I would say going to Miss Saigon 88 for the half off deal would make this place a 4. Also, this was the only place that I know that sells sushi rolls by the single roll ($2 per roll)
3	Here's the deal with MIss Saigon 88...it's like every type of asian food, not just vietnamese.  Everything is decent, but not like the best pho/sushi/korean/vietnamese/chinese food ever.  If you have a craving, this place will do the trick. The portions are pretty big and I would definitely recommend going when everything is half-price.  I believe most nights after 8pm.Since we were with a group, we got to try pretty much a little bit of everything. Sushi - decent, I got the Tuna Lover Roll...as advertised, it had a lot of tuna.Pad Thai - not really pad thai and more like pad see ewe or beef flat noodles.  Tastes good, but not like pad thai.Curries - really large and good flavorsHibachi Plates - very large and decentFried tofu - fried well and nice and crispy.  make sure to ask for the sauce on the side or ask them to go light on the sauce.Rice plates - just ok, I probably wouldn't order it again.  Nothing horrible, but it wasn't quite as good as most of the vietnamese rice plates I've gotten.
2	After a few months and a few more visits, my excitement has tapered off a bit.   I've eaten here (and gotten take out) a few more times, and each time it's sufficient....but nothing really has knocked my socks off yet.  I was having a hard time putting my finger on it...but I think everything just kind of lacks flavor.  Coworkers have pointed out "Oh, it tastes better once you add a lot of sauces..."  Well yeah, ok.  Maybe?Portions are huge, but the food is just OK.
4	Miss saigon offers up good food fast, in an attractive environment, with very friendly servers and extremely reasonably prices.  They have regular half off specials (usually 8-10PM or 9-11PM) which take their already good prices and make them amazing.  My wife and I ripped through 2 GIANT generous bowls of tasty pho, taro bubble tea, fresh rolls and seaweed salad for just over 20 bucks!  As I said, the food is good, not transcendent, but I definitely plan on visiting Miss Saigon again soon!
4	Large amount! For me I can box for two meals. And its delicious! Lunch special usually $10 to $15. Seems 50% off after 8pm but haven't got chance to try the great deal. BTW my friend highly recommend their sushi but they no longer made sushi now...
4	I come to Miss Saigon way too much. And that's saying something considering it's a 20 minute walk in what is usually blisteringcoldeverydayPittsburghweather. Not to mention it's usually packed full of CMU/Pitt asians and coming in large groups is a bad idea. But I can't help myself. Their Miss Saigon fried rice is BOMB. I don't know what they fry it with, but it's something sweet, savory, and so so good. For some reason they are just decent when it comes to vietnamese food. Pho and Vermicelli are ok but then again, you'd be hard pressed to find that stuff elsewhere in the vicinity. Similarly, the pad thai is pretty removed from what I usually expect of pad thai. (although i think that's a trend in pittsburgh...there's so many non-thai restaurants that serve it and it usually comes out pretty different..the only place i really feel safe ordering it is at silk elephant/Bangkok balcony) Bubble tea comes powdered- if that matters to you. The bubbles also aren't soft, which is a deal breaker for me. But I love the portion sizes. Probably 3 lunches worth (at least for a small asian girl). And since I usually only come for late night and order off the late night menu, i'm not sure if they still serve the seared tuna salad. It came with some citrusy, savory sauce that really impressed me. I know that a lot of people are complaining about the food quality but overall I think it's definitely better than what you would get elsewhere (in the area) for the same price.
4	This place is really, really good and the portions are huge.  The only downside is that it's a BYOB and very tiny.  I highly recommend the fresh summer rolls and the pho.  Excellent service and excellent food.
2	Went back for the fried icecream - but that was all I was interested in. Everything else I could make better in the comfort of my own kitchen.Note that it wasn't cheap since they no longer have half off but instead a lower priced late night menu.
3	This place was awesome when it opened, but has been going downhill quickly. They used to have sushi that was pretty good, but then it got less and less fresh and now they don't even carry it any more. Everything is hella expensive unless you eat in during one of their specials.They would be better served to have lower prices and smaller portions, because no one in N. Oakland wants to pay $13 for noodles that they could get at lulu's for $6
4	Upon reading the menu, I noticed the prices were expensive (especially for the Oakland neighborhood); however, the portions are large and are equal in terms of quantity per dollar in comparison to the other Asian Fusion restaurants in the area.The quality makes MS88 worth it. The menu boasts to use fresh ingredients, and the dishes hold true to this claim. I ordered the Spicy Kimchi Seafood - it was a seafood broth with thick noodles. The spices blended together well to form a great flavor. To my surprise, it was actually served spicy; usually, I find dishes to be under-spiced, but I can assure you that I left MS88 with clean sinuses and a full stomach.I came with a friend who is a very picky eater, and he ate until he was full demonstrating his approval to me.Our waitress, Anne, was superb. She was extremely knowledgeable on the menu and attentive.
3	Pros: large portions, passable favors, discounts after 8 or 9 pm. Cons: a friend of mine fished out a piece of metal wire from her curry something. Although the dish was comped. You be the judge.
3	Since I literally live around the corner, you'd think I would be here often. I usually only come for the fried ice cream (which is fabulous and we usually treat ourselves to it every few months when a craving for it comes along!) . We've eaten here as well and it was wasn't bad.Usually when I eat out, I like to head out the neighborhood that I spend most of my life at. It is, however, wayyyy better than Lulu's.
1	I only had about a half hour to spare on lunch no more time then that.  The waitress got my order wrong.  My salt and pepper shrimp came out as salt and pepper squid.  The reason I am so unhappy is she didn't write my order down which always makes me a tad weary. The salt and pepper shrimp left a lot to be desired and immediately after consuming it gave me an upset stomach.  The plating was a disaster sliced tomatoes and green peppers with the shrimp served over it.  There was no jalapeno pepper that I could detect in the whole dish. Salt and pepper shrimp is total of 6 ingredients: salt, scallions, garlic, shrimp , pepper and jalapenos. Not green peppers, lettuce and tempura batter.
4	We were disappointed when we found they no longer serve sushi, but decided to stay and try it out. The service was good and our waitress was very sweet. I had a ginger salad as an appetizer. The dressing was good, not creamy ginger but more of a soy/oil based dressing. I was pretty impressed with our entrees. I thought it was a bit expensive at first, but the portions are huge and I definitely had enough for lunch the next day. I had a chicken and shrimp lo mein which I loved. I also got to try a some of the king crab curry and rice. My boyfriend ordered it spicy, but it was not very spicy at all. I loved the flavor, but if you're looking for something hot, I would tell them to make it extra spicy. The flavoring and quality of the lo mein and fried rice was well above the usual "fast food" Asian cuisine. Another thing I loved was the jasmine iced tea (you can get it hot as well). I will definitely try this place again!
3	There seems to be two different restaurants.  If you go before the "late night" specials start at 8:00 there is great service and it isn't very crowded.  If you go at 8, everyone seems frenzied but never really attending to anyone. There is a decently large menu which is nice if you want to try pho and other dishes with someone who isn't quite as adventurous and don't like to try ethnic foods.  I've tried the pho and the vermecelli and been pleased with both.  Portion sizes are huge, tasty and filling.If you get take out and want sauce (hoision or rooster) make sure that they include it in your bag before you leave.  Pho isn't very tasty without those sauces.It is a great value to go after 8 when all items are half off, but it is insane in the restaurant.  It is cramped with students from Pitt and you will likely have to wait for a table.  But the price/value is worth the wait.
2	Came here after 8pm for the late night special menu which was a terrible idea. Waitresses were extremely inefficient. Took 10 minutes to get menus and took numerous attempts to flag down someone to take our order. Then, as the waitress was finally about to take our order, a group of 3 people walked into the door. The waitress then said to us "Hold on", and then ran off to the back to grab some menus, which she promptly brought to the people who just walked into the door before coming back to the table. Um....that was super awkward. It would have taken 30 seconds to get our order down, we had been waiting and those people just walked into the door! I ordered pho w/ beef slices, tripe and beef balls. Noodles were mushy, broth was tasteless and I counted exactly 1 small piece of tripe, 3 tiny (size of a quarter) pieces of thin sliced beef and 1 beef ball cut into fourths. Not worth it even at the discounted price of $7.Only positive if that I did enjoy the fresh and fried spring rolls.
4	Good food, great location, excellent staff and decent prices.  I don't think they charged us a "corking" fee or whatever for our wine so that's a good thing. The kimchi Pho that my wife ordered was super hot...which is SUPER GOOD!We will def go back!
2	The pearls in the bubble tea weren't made right. For some reason, they weren't serving sushi (it was 3pm so I don't know if there was a time limit). So I ordered the Thai red curry. It was served in a huge bowl with a small bowl of rice. A few chunks of chicken and some vegetables.
2	The food was acceptable. Nothing amazing. This is right down the street from me so I got takeout for myself and my BF. We ordered Pho Tai, chicken banh mi, and fresh spring rolls. The pho tai broth had little to no flavor until I added the vegetables, herbs, lime and sauces. I was also disappointed that the beef wasn't rare at all, it was fully cooked and there wasn't that much. The sauce for the fresh spring rolls was disgusting. The only good thing was the banh mi sandwich. Next time I want Vietnamese food, I will trudge my way over to Tram's.
