4	Besides the fact that the restaurant looks like the inside of my culo the wings are exceptional.
4	For those that miss this great wing spot. They have moved to 1449 E. Main st. They are in the old capt. D's. The menu is the same! Food is just as awesome. Restaurant is much cleaner and they have a galaga machine, can't go wrong with that.
4	DELICIOUS wings!!! They are quick too. My only complaint is every now and then there is a baby wing and it's counted as one of the dozen.
5	Fantastic wings. I love a good chicken wing and for years I've been going to the Native New Yorker and other neighborhood bars. Time and again their wings are not consistent and they have gotten smaller while the price goes up. Wings Express are always fresh, crispy and the sauce is outstanding. I have been here about a dozen times now and the wings have always been awesome. I wish they would open a location in the area with a sports bar. They would give Native a serious run for their money.
4	I eat at this place maybe 2-3 a week! I am die hard wing fan and these are the best i have had ever!!! They are crispy, flavorful and warm all the time! Best part is they charge by the pound not per wing! So for a  great wing and a great price try wings express!!
5	My fav place for wings! No other palce can do Honey Hot like they do! They are nice and crispy and juicy! It may sound odd, but they have the best egg rolls, you are missing out if you have yet to try them!
4	This place has really good wings and carrots ranch is good too. Potatoes   Skins are a hit or miss there either really good or I ordered them in the past and there rock solid. Cheese sticks are ok and fried zucchini are really good. Not bad for frozen products! But there wings are good! Restaurant: Never ate there.  I always get take out. The deco is corny really strong wing sauce smell. It's a wing place what expect!!!! Staff: It's a hit or miss!
4	Do not judge this place by its shabby location and exterior.  The wings are seriously some of the best this location has to offer.  Perfectly crispy, without being dry, and deliciously flavored.  The fried mushrooms are really good too, and they give you a decent amount.  The prices are reasonable.  I'd totally recommend ordering take out if you're ever craving yummy wings.
2	The wife and I decided to give it a shot tonight instead of going to Native New Yorker (Native Bar and Grill) which is our normal wing place.  This place is located in an old Long John Silvers restaurant.  The sauces could not be split on all the orders which is a bummer.  We ordered Medium and Honey Hot to go.The medium wings had a funny smell to them.  It wasn't horrible but it was strange.  I can't quite place what the smell is with them.  My wife and I both agreed that these weren't terrible wings and we didn't hate the place but Native is much better.  I don't believe we'll be returning and I think we're probably going to toss the remaining wings that we didn't eat.  Some of the wings were crispy and some were not so crispy.  I was definitely expecting them to be a lot crispier based on some of the other reviews.  I was also expecting the wings to be huge but they were just average in size.  I won't say don't go here but I would suggest if you are looking for wings go try Native and you'll have a much more enjoyable experience.
5	These wings were delicious and crispy! We ordered the honey hot and they had great flavor. We got the order and a half for $10. The wing count came to 18. That's a great price for the amount of wings! We will most definitely come back here again and will recommend this place to our family and friends.
5	I am addicted to wings. I eat themOnce or twice a week and have eaten them  all over the valley. I have to say these are probably the best wings I've ever had. I love hot wings, but the honey hot here far surpasses the hot. They're crispy, but not overly so, and the sauce is crazy good. I've never eaten in the restaurant, because I always take them to go..but don't be fooled by the hole in the wall appearance. These are amazing wings!
5	A friend ordered a bucket of the medium wings for a get together. SO GOOD! They have the perfect amount of flavor without burning your face off. They are crispy, rather then soggy and nasty like some other joints. There is no excuse for soggy wings. The bucket fed 4 adults and 2 kids (along with pizza) and we had an entire container still left after everyone was done. The price is kind of steep -- around 38.00 for bucket & large ranch, but it was really worth every penny.
4	Stopped by today with my sis for some much needed wings and cheese (mozzarella) sticks!It's a stand alone building which was awesome, parking was spacious, and they have a drive through! We parked and went inside though, clean place, big windows to look outside when eating, and a TV that was playing the game while we waited for our food. The cashier took our orders, although it was kind of hard to hear what he was saying (maybe he just didn't have his cup of joe yet...) but overall, the food was great like everyone has said before me!When I'm around Mesa again, I'll deffinitly stop here to get my wing fix again!
4	This is the kind of place that looks runs down but that's not a bad thing. Wings are small but tasty and reasonably priced ($6.40 for a pound,  $10 for 1.5 pounds,  $18.15 for 3 pounds, and you only get 1 flavor for those; for a bucket at $34.35 you get 6 orders, with 2 flavors). They come with nice, crisp carrots, but ranch is extra (. 40 for a small, $1.60 for large). They also have burgers, Order ahead for faster service.
