1	Although the front receptionist was sweet, the rest of the staff left everything to be desired. The hygienist was staring at me the whole time I was filling out my paperwork. The tech that took my xrays literally mumbled at me through the entire process. The dentist was abrasive, curt, and ROUGH. The last thing I am is sensitive to pain... this dude had me jumping out of my seat. He poked my gums so hard I am still sore 3 hours later. I have never had an experience like this in all my years. I left there feeling like they must not want me to return. So.. I won't.  Anybody know a good dentist???? #noluck
5	Dr. Lee and the staff are welcoming, friendly, honest, and sincere. They are skilled at what they do and will work with you. They are able to detect areas of concern before it gets out of control. It's easy to get in to see Dr. Lee with his varied schedule throughout the week that accommodates for individuals with busy schedules. The experience they provide is by far the best I have had with dentistry.
5	I haven't had this great of an experience at the dentist in years!  Dr Lee made my procedure painless and really tried to work with me and my budget.  Not only is he a great dentist, but his office is in a great location, right off US60.  I HIGHLY recommend!
5	I have been seeing Dr. Mike Lee for a few years now. He is very friendly and highly skilled. He has up to date instruments and is very quick but thorough. It took him 10 minutes to clean my teeth with his machine. His dental hygienist was definitely experienced. I am tired of being poked and prodded by instruments or nearly choking on things that should not be set in my mouth as storage. That has not happened to me with Dr. Mike. His wife also works at this same practice.
5	I have been to Dr Lee's practice twice, both appointments were very pleasant.  I was greeted with enthusiasm and I was ushered back to see the dentist at more appointed time.  Having worked in dental offices most of my life, I am very alert to anything amiss or not clean.  I am very pleased with this office,  they are gentle, kind and the office is soothing.  I highly  recommend Accurate Dental Care.
5	We have been going to Dr. Lee for several years now.  There are several things I like about Dr. Lee.  Not only does he have a kind and professional demeanor, but he never tries to upsell or recommend services that you don't need.  He uses the latest equipment and his staff is super friendly.  If you are looking for a highly skilled dentist who is interested in the patient and not trying to just make an extra buck, I would recommend Accurate Dental Care.
1	Poor customer service, tried to scam my insurance. Doctor spent 5 min with me and tried to charge me an outrageous amount. Wouldn't do the cleaning I came in for with out X-rays I just had taken. NOT worthy.
