4	Finally found an OBGYN that I feel comfortable with in LV. Earnest, efficient, gentle and thorough. Oops.....the most important....ON TIME! I hope this ones a keeper
5	I am such a fan of Dr. Moss!! She is knowledgeable, friendly, and takes time to make sure all of your questions are answered. She calls to follow up, as well.  Her staff is also great. Although the wait time is sometimes a bit long, that is to be expected. I had to have a surgical procedure, and was very pleased with how things turned out. If you are in need of an OB-GYN, I would certainly recommend Dr. Moss.
2	Dr. Moss may be knowledgable, but she will charge as much as she possibly can, even when it's ethically questionable. I went to see her for a Wellness Visit, and I was very particular about stating, when I made the appointment and when I arrived, that I was there for a Wellness Visit, the annual exam covered by my insurance. I was asked for a 272.00 payment up front. Why? I asked. Because most of the time the patient needs more than the Wellness Visit covers. She has a little plastic sheet with what is covered and what is not covered by a Wellness Visit. In small type under Not Covered was: irregular periods! And guess what! I mentioned an irregular period (in retrospect, I shouldn't have characterized it that way--I should have said "light.") ! In that moment, I went from an annual exam, i.e., "Wellness Visit," to specialist rate, even though I had been very specific that I only wanted the coverage that my Wellness Visit entails. If you want a Wellness Visit from her--one that is covered by your insurance--then make sure you have the plastic sheet in your hands with you when you speak to her, because as soon as you mention, even casually in passing, a topic that's "not covered," she's got you.
5	I absolutely adore my new Gynochiatrist (is what I call her lol). Dr. Moss is beyond the best in my eyes, she listens, she explains everything carefully without rush, and takes care of any issues your having immediately. And most importantly (to me anyway) is she is EXTREMELY gentle!! I'm so happy I found this gem of a doctor!
4	Went to Dr. Moss for my first ever annual (I was nervous) but Dr. Moss knew her stuff and made me feel really comfortable, she's gentle, the staff was friendly, office is well kept and I wasn't there long. She even congratulated me for going through my very first annual! haha. I definitely recommend Dr. Moss!
5	Dr Moss is an amazing doctor. I love the fact that you're not just another patient to her, she connects on a personal level.  I've always dreaded OBGYN appts, now that I think about it, its because how the dr made me feel. Dr Moss has always made me feel comfortable and always follows up very quickly. I've since have moved 40 min plus from her office and still make the extra trip.
5	Best GYN doc ever! I have been going to Dr. Moss for four years now. i recently moved to the bay area and I still book my appts during my travel back to LV with her :)
5	Dr. Moss is truly an amazing doctor! Her and her staff are very professional and knowledgeable.  Dr. Moss takes her time with you, she goes over everything that happened in your last visit, she isn't like most doctors where they just spend 2 minutes with you and then throw you out. . Dr. Moss is sincerely concerned for your well being and your needs. She is truly a godsend!
5	I absolutely LOVE Dr Moss. She is very knowledgable and makes you feel comfortable. She helped me through my first pregnancy in 2011. Her staff was very understanding and helpful even though I would be calling everyday for questions. I only wish she was still an OB so I can go through my 2nd pregnancy with her.
5	Best GYN ever. My PCP referred me 2 years ago because she goes to Dr. Moss herself along with all of her staff. To me that's saying a lot. Recently I was in the hospital and Dr. Moss came to see daily even after it was determined that it was not a GYN problem.Thanks Dr. Moss you are the BEST!
5	She actually listens to you and she gives you the best recommendations. Her whole staff is very friendly.
5	Dr. Moss has been the most amazing doctor. She is friendly, caring, listens, and isn't just trying to rush you out the door so she can get to her next client. I've never felt more welcomed or comfortable in a doctor's office. Even her staff has amazing customer service! They are quick to follow up and make sure all is well.Tragically, my insurance no longer covers her. How am I going to expect such amazing care from somewhere else? : (
