5	Cary's is literally the best pizza we have ever had, bar none. You should know the only type of crust is thin, but it's exquisite. They just introduced a new herb crust as well which is quite tasty.  Ingredients are fresh and plentiful, and the sauce is in no way generic.  They also have the best appetizer to accompany pizza...the garlic cheese wedge (*angels sing*). This is a hole in the wall joint and you'll miss it if you don't know it's there. There are just a few little tables and it tends to be very warm and noisy inside because it's so small. This pizza works well as carryout, though; does not get soggy and transports/reheats fine. If you do eat in, say hey to Cary who is very sweet and personable.  You can probably also solicit some free hiking advice from him.
4	We've been eating Cary's Pizza for years and have tried all the pizza in town. Cary's is the best! Hands down! I would have given them 5 stars if the prices were lower.
5	This pizza rocks! orginal flavor, tasty tasty!
1	I don't know about the pizza but I got a calzone and two of my friends got a calzone and they were absolutely foul! I don't know what that crust was made out of, there was no crust it was awful. I've had so many calzones and this was by far the worst. The staff was not great. BUT I did however like the environment. I thought with the restaurant being located in a house and all it wouldn't be very good but it took me by surprise. Everyone's reviews below me talk about how good their pizza is so I suppose you'll have to take their word for it. But I can assure you that the calzones are not worth it. We spent over $30 on two regular calzones and one mini!! What kind of price is that!?
5	Great pizza! Great service! We called ahead and placed an order so it would be ready when we drove through town on our way to Vegas, it was ready right on time. We will be back. It is a small joint and without gps might have missed it.
5	Great pizza! We got the organic whole wheat crust - wonderful! They'll customize it however you want.
5	I owe this place an update to my review.  They've moved and the new location is a GREAT place to sit and eat.  The little converted cottage is so cute and it's nice to see this little boutique restaurant atmosphere.  The lack of parking is kind of a bummer here, but the overall location is so much better.  I'd say in the last 15+ years that I've been going, the location is the only thing that's improved...because the food could never be topped from day 1!  My folks are still driving 30 miles on a regular basis to get pizza here.  I spent the last 10 years driving 70 miles when I was in the mood for Cary's...and now that I live in San Diego I don't drive all the way over just for this but I do try to get in there whenever I'm in town.  Thanks Cary...please don't ever retire!
