2	Okay, I wrote earlier about Spago.. and how the one in Vegas probably isn't as good as the one in LA. I'm SURE the one in LA is better than THIS one. I didn't even like it. I thought the service was sub-par for a fine dining institution and the food was only at the same level. Oh well, not everything can be duplicated. Sometimes, not everything is meant to.
4	I don't understand the bad reviews. This was one of the best Chinese dining experiences I've ever had. Deep fried whole fish was moist, juicy and had no trace of greasiness. The vegetables were cooked to perfection. In fact, every dish ranged from very good to excellent. The service was great. The restaurant is pretty.
2	When I was little, I remember being told that too much salt was bad for you.  I don't remember why this was so, but I think it came from the FDA or some other governmental agency.  As a scientist, I've always been curious to read the reports myself or at least determine where the funding came from, but to tell you the truth, I'm too lazy.Later we were told that salt in larger quantities was, in fact, not as bad as originally determined when accompanied with proper hydration.  I have no evidence for this, but I think these reports were probably funded by a Wolfgang Puck conglomerate!  Jaysus!  I'm still trying to hydrate myself after my meal at Chinois.Originally, I thought the food here was OK, but in retrospect, the food was actually only a little better than cafeteria food.  I can get better quality food at a Wolfgang Puck Express.  My sushi roll was almost flavorless, and this is even with unagi, avocado, and "special" (meaning the oddest shade of gray) sauce on top.  Even the pork spareribs were lacking in flavor.  I did taste a hint of Chinese flavors, but only a hint.  For the degree of stickiness the ribs were, you would expect there to be an abundance of flavor, but sadly this was not the case.  The sign in front say "Chinese Fusion", but I'm not quite sure what it's fused with - perhaps with a little bit of crappy cuisine.With tax and tip, I spent almost $50 for one appetizer, one sushi roll, and a cocktail!  They say you have to bet big to win big in Vegas, but you just LOSE VERY BIG at Chinois.  The two stars are for the great service from the bar guy, and the tasty cocktail.
1	this is your typical asian fusion restaurant perverted by the white man for their liking.  in my honest opinion, not many restaurants ever pull off a fusion restaurant, and this one is no exception.  basically every dish on the menu we ordered lacked any true or asian flavor you'd expect.  furthermore, someone told me that chinois means "chinese'' in french.  i shouldve made the connection right there that this food would suck. cmon now, would any of you eat at a chinese restaurant that serves american food and calls themselves honkys?also, everything was overpriced.  luckily, my company picked up the tab for this crap.  i'd be embarrassed to come here again.  this place justs preys on tourist with money.  if there are any real patrons for this place, then they probably pay just to sit here and show they have money as well as admit they know nothing about food.
2	OK I hate PF Chang's to begin with, so I had a feeling that this place was going to go down in cuisine history as a no go.  Boy was I right.  I started off with a Cosmo which was more like a Nause-mo.  It was watered down and funky tasting and before my dear waiter who was a car salesman in his former life could take a moment to listen to my drink change, he brings back another.  Well alcohol is alcohol and I needed a lot at the moment, so I indulged.I had a hard time deciding on what country of Asia I wanted to dine from, so I decided to hedge my bets and go with maki and firecracker shrimp.  I wish I would have ordered more maki instead and a side of edamame as my coworker did because my "spicy" sauce for my "firecracker" shrimp tasted more like maple syrup than anything.  Blech.....maple syrup on bok choy.  Some people claim that this one is the bees knees, but the next day I was ready to fall to my knees (in front of the porcelain god, no less.)
1	UGH!! A Wolfgang Puck Chinese restaurant. Need I say more? I hate PF Chang's and any restaurant(s) resembling it. Take a good look at the clientele and you'll get an idea what sort of food you're about to eat.Expensive and not good. Why would anyone even consider eating here?
1	With Chinois, I feel like Wolfgang Puck sort of sold out... It's definitely a PF Changs type restaurant, with moderate quality food for a moderate price.  This restaurant is located in the Forum Shops at the Ceasar's Palace, so if you're hungry while you're shopping, it's not a bad place to stop and eat.  I really enjoy the tofu dish with the reddish sauce -- I can't remember what it is called, but I recall that it was the only tofu dish on the menu.Note that drinks are extremely overpriced.
4	Funny - the very reason other reviewers don't like it is the reason I went in to try it (seemed like a PF Changs.)  We were shopping and starving and there was a wait at Spago so we tried this place.  We had the lettuce wraps (better than at PF Changs which is my fav dish there), General Tso's chicken (not greasy like at every other chinese restaurant that serves it) and the rice noodles (Thai inspired - quite good I thought.)  I pretty much do not like "authentic" Chinese food but like the Asian fusion style.  And both my husband and I liked the food a lot.  The drinks are high-priced but so are they in every other decent place you go in Vegas so whatever...  The place was full when we were there and full when we left.  They had modern music playing and the staff were on the ball (never had an empty water glass...)Personally, I'm hoping he opens up one in the Bay Area.  And like every PF Chang's you go to, will be crowded and popular because the food is decent, moderately priced and you know what you are getting.
2	Nothing irks me more than restaurants who try to make themselves look cooler by having lines of patrons stand outside for 10+ minutes, even though there are hoards of empty tables inside. "Ooh, honey, this place MUST be good -- there's a line" WRONG. So hubby and I stand outside, looking at the hostesses, and then at the open table immediately to the right of them, over and over for about 15 minutes. Right as I about to ask why we aren't being seated at that table, or any of the other available ones a menu's throw away, we are called. We walk thru the cluttery floorplan, all the way to the back, passing empty table after table.... All the way to this tiny two top by a shoji screen, RIGHT by the kitchen. WTF? I called the hostess out on it, and said, "We'd rather sit over there, where it's more comfortable" and she grudgingly moved us up where all the pretty people were. Nobody puts Baby in a corner, dammit!Our waiter was practically invisible, until it came time to pay the bill. He practically gushed over us at that point, "Oooh, guys, thank you SOOOO much for coming in" etc. I freakin hate that. The food was edible, but not good or noteworthy. I ordered the crispy tofu dish, which was supposed to be spicy, crispy, and delicious, but it wasn't any of those things. The tofu was the really soft kind that falls apart when you try and cut it, and the sauce was sweet with mostly sugar as the main flavor. The main reason I'm giving the place a 2 star review is for the decor. The staff were all a bunch of twerps, and made it abundantly clear that we were not a priority. The food was not worth what we paid for it, and I walked away going, "I should have spent that on slot machines." I'm so over that place.
1	"30 dollar Panda express!" :(
3	I do think that if you go and ONLY order the appetizer chicken salad (plenty for a meal), you'll leave fully satisfied!  With cashews and large pieces of white chicken meat, awesome greens and a rockin' dressing- what do they do to it? - all for only $10. We did venture out to other entrees once, only to venture right back (other entrees are expensive, small and aren't especially special. Or appetizing). It is a bit PF Chang like. Service can be slow even when there aren't a lot of customers.
1	PUKE! Times two...I agree with Ellis below, $30 Panda Express, but at least at Panda your water doesn't taste like dishwashing soap and your food like mush with tofu.  Drinks sucked, wine menu medicore, and the food...for that price I should have just gotten a fancy meal at Del Taco. PUKE.
4	Wow!  I was really surprised to read all the negative reviews about this place.  I had a really great dining experience at Chinois recently.I had to pick a place for a large group as I would be entertaining a number of members from my association during our annual convention.  It had to be centrally located among the various hotels and provide a fairly decent meal and a good wine list.  Chinois was the perfect choice.The service was excellent.  It started with the hostess when I told her that I was meeting a group of people I'd never met before and was there somewhere I could wait so they could find me.  No problem - they took me right to my table and escorted each of my guests over after that.  (One of the biggest pet peeves I have about many dining establishments in Vegas is that your entire party has to be there before being seated, so this was a bonus.)  Our server was smart, friendly, knew her wine, and didn't bug us too much.  When asked for her preferences, she didn't just spout off the most expensive thing on the menu.  Many things we ordered, she accommodated specially because 2 people were vegetarians. We ordered a number of appetizers for the table.  I'm told the pork pot stickers were quite good, the tuna sashimi was wonderful!  We also had the obligatory calamari and popcorn shrimp.  Both were yummy.For dinner, we each ordered our own meals, but then passed them around the table to share.  Some standouts were the stir-fried tofu, the crispy whole catfish and the spicy shrimp noodles.  The catfish was particularly fun because it comes whole and then they filet it apart for you tableside and was served with a delicious, spicy sauce.  There were rave reviews from around the table and every morsel was eaten.We were so full that we opted to split just three desserts among the table.  The banana spring rolls were the stand out here.  They were so good!  We also had the crispy chocolate mousse and the creme brulee.Now I realize that many of these entrees could probably be had at a PF Changs or similar, but I think the thing that made it all stand out was the service by far.  I truly believe that food is a reflection of the enjoyment you're having.  We had a fabulous time.
3	I had dinner here with some friends and coworkers last week. The wait took about 20 - 30 minutes. We ordered some appetizers, and main courses. The food reminded me of PF Changs. This place seemed to have okay quality food, but of course at fancy restaurant prices. It was more like Americanized Chinese food.
4	We had a really great, low key dinner here.  Started with the lettuce cups, a perfect light appetizer.  The wife got the Tarantula roll as her entree and I went for General Tso's chicken.  There was enough General Tso's chicken for about four people.  I thought it had a perfect balance of spice--not too hot, but enough to notice.  The service was excellent and our water glasses were never close to empty.Bonus:  the mango mojitos are addictive and habit forming.  I had two.  Unfortunately they are $12 each.Bill totalled $100, including tip.
3	Us 4 hung over girls had a chill lunch here.  We shared some asian noodles, lettuce wraps, fried tofu, and another girl had some wonton soup.  We were sharing everything and didn't realize the soup came in individual servings.  The noodles were the best but that's not saying much.  The lettuce wraps were very salty and I like my food on the salty side.  Atleast the green tea was excellent!  Wasn't impressed at all but the service was good.
2	I was really disappointed by Chinois. The first time I went to Vegas, a group of 4 of us went to Chinois for lunch. Once we sat down and looked at the menu we were all like "this is it?" The lunch menu is very limited, everything we ordered was very common, and still pretty expensive. Honestly, it was like the selection at Panda Express but the dishes are plated a lot nicer. The only saving grace was that the drinks were strong.
3	I dined here because of reviews from about.com and other various sites.  Boy was it a let down.  The food wasn't nearly as good as the reviews said.  I'm not saying that it was horrible...the food just wasn't worth the price of admission.  If you want Chinese food drive over to the Spring Mountain area and eat at a real Chinese Restaurant.
4	I'm surprised at so many bad reviews. I thought the banana dessert was fabulous! Drinks were great too.
4	Let me preface this review by saying that Vegas hasn't really made a fan out of me and I am extremely hard on eateries there (especially when you look at how much an adequate meal costs!). However we were pleasantly surprised by Chinois. We elected to share multiple dishes and with the exception of our pot stickers being on the greasy side, we enjoyed our dishes which included a good variety of options such as  the chicken lettuce cups and korean bbq ribs.  I'm a sucker for desserts and Chinois did not dissapoint. We shared the fifteen layer red velvet cake and the passion fruit three ways. I have never had dessert where each member of the party couldn't decide which dessert was better. They were both delicious, well-prepared and beautifully displayed. If you want a low-key but satisfying dining experience in the midst of the craziness that is the Strip this is a very good option.
2	We got seated pretty quickly but then I had the feeling they forgot about us.  Eventually, the waiter came and we ordered.   The food was good and a little better than your normal fast food Chinese take out but the service, price and atmosphere didn't really meet our expectations.
4	Love this take on Chinese food!  Portions were so big, we orded family style and ended up with way too much food.The heirloom tomato salad was outstanding.  Other than that I had tofu & mixed vegetables with some noodles & rice.  Good and spicy.  The other girls in the group loved the chicken and beef.Desserts were so good...!Definately not traditional Asian, it's the Americanized version at it's best!Go upstairs for the bathroom (take the stairs though, much better view and that elevator is creepy and smells like fish)!!!  It's the tackiest thing I've ever seen, all shiny mirrored/stainless steel.  Hilarious.
2	I was so excited to try a Wolfgang Puck restaurant. I have to say however, that the Wolfgang Puck Express in Santa Monica was better than this place. Not that it was terrible, it just had so much hype attached to it that I was expecting to be wow-ed. Save your money and go somewhere else.
3	My work hosted a prix fixe dinner here at a private room upstairs. Started off with passed appetizers, tiny poke tuna bits on fried won tons, veggie spring rolls, and tiny open burgers, all very good. During dinner, the salad was very good, followed by an excellent crab risotto. Dinner was a choice between fillet mignon and fish in miso with cold soba noodles. I had the fish, which was by far the worst of the four courses for me - fish was too salty (which is saying a lot, since I like my food salty) and it just didn't go well with the cold noodles. Thankfully, dessert in the form of a chocolate heaven (think of a large decadent kit kat) saved the rest of the meal. Overall, it was a pleasant surprise, wouldn't mind going back. However, there are so many good restaurants to try at Caesars, I don't know about a repeat visit here without trying those other places first.
2	Wow, this place was not good at all! We went here for lunch.  Got decent / normal service and nice seating outside.Tried the crispy organic chicken and the firecracker shrimp.  The organic chicken was fried very well.  Better than average.  In a tasty sweet soy sauce.The firecracker shrimp was not cracking though.  The shrimp were tiny and sauteed with bok choy in a 'sweet and spicy sauce'.  I didn't think the sauce was all that great, neither the bok choy or the shrimp...basically the whole dish was bad.  It was rather dissapointing!  They also don't know how to cook rice here!! Wasn't very warm either.It's quite dissapointing at Chinois.  It's shocking that it's a Wolfgang Puck restaurant.  Overpriced also.  Can probably get better food for wayy cheaper elsewhere! Maybe dinner is better though...
3	This place was hit-and-miss the whole way.  Calamari was well cooked, but it wasn't a good value considering how little we got.  On the other hand the pork potstickers were very plump and delicious.  Special fried rice and general tso's chicken were good, but pretty standard.  Desserts were very tasty.  Service was better than I'd expected after reading other reviews.  I won't go back, but I didn't hate this place.
1	RIP. Closed thank god. Ate here again in July at a friends request and once more the food was totally forgettable. Hope we get something much better!
1	as Maria T. puts it "closed thank god" hahahahi went here with some of my girls back in march. i was excited that there was a pre fix menu and it was pretty cheap (only like $30). service was great. nice people. food = MEH!!!wolfgang, im disappointed in you!!!a few weeks ago a friend texted me from vegas "omg chinois is closed!" my response: GOOD, THAT PLACE SUCKED ANYWAY!!
2	The service is impeccable and very helpful, the food on the other hand leaves a little to desire. I started with the hot and sour soup which was lukewarm and lacked any spices or sourness, the shrimp in it were good. I then had the fiery chicken which again was not spicy and was, as many Wolfgang dishes, way too salty. The jasmine rice was also flavorless and a little rubbery. For the price, this is not a good experience.
1	I'm glad they're closed! The last time I was there they were putting water in a tiny glass. I wanted a larger glass of water as the waitress wasn't filling it fast enough but she refused telling me the larger glasses were for purchased drinks like soda. So obnoxious. Gee what a surprise you didn't last!
