5	I haven't eaten at a lot of Ethiopian restaurants but this is by far the bet I've had. Delicious meal in a great city.
4	We eat at the Nil Bleu every time we are in Montreal. We've always had a good, reasonably priced meal. The food is much better than some of the Ethiopian restaurants in our local area. We've introduced several people to the restaurant and all have been pleased.
5	Pleasant, wonderful ambiance with genuinely kind and welcoming service.  This Ethiopian set the bar very high for me and I have yet to find one that is as enjoyable.  The baticha (which is like hummus) is really phenomenal, and the veggie platter is enormous.  Definitely bring your appetite.  The prices are also very reasonable.
1	I really did not enjoy my experience at Nil Bleu. I found the food to be bland and the sponge bread to be nauseating. Less I say about this place the better. Let us leave it at that.
4	miam miam miam!
3	My very first Ethiopian food experience is at Le Nil Bleu. I find their atmosphere cozy and comfortable, and their food is pretty good as well. The vegetarian sampler is especially good with lentils and fresh salads. In fact, I would prefer the vegetarian over their meat dishes. Their service was rather slow though.
4	The food was excellent - and the idea of eating without utensils is only awkward at first.  They provide a wonderful flat (but moist bread) called injera that you tear and use to scoop up the incredible food.It was great, and I would be definitely go back!
3	Loved the ambiance at this restaurant -  large beautiful tables and African-themed art throughout. The service was fast and friendly - but we were there on a Monday night, so not very busy. I shared the veggie platter, which was quite large and more than enough for two, and came with fresh salad, a couple of lentil/split pea stews, a chunkier potato and carrot dish and a sauteed dish of spinach/onion/garlic. The food was great. Would've preferred a bit more spice - but everything on the platter was excellent. Veggie platter for two came to about $35 all together.
2	The injera was paper thin with no flavor.  Veggie combo was utterly too salty, especially the potato & carrots.  Beef tibs were ok, but nothing to write home about.  Edible, but really mediocre food with non-existent service.  I might have been really badly spoiled in Seattle with really good Ethiopian food, but this place was just so disappointing.
3	We had been meaning to try this restaurant for a while, simply because it's the only restaurant we've heard of in Montreal where they don't give you utensils to eat! We went on a Saturday night for dinner, and were late due to lack of parking anywhere near the restaurant (only street parking available, and not much of it). The entrance to the restaurant was cramped, with a large coat rack in the way.Decor was nice as well as the ambiance. There was a live pianist which was a nice touch. Since it was our first time, the waiter took the time to explain the concept of the menu and how we should go about eating our food. We ordered a hummus plate to start, which was delicious, but way too much hummus in comparison to "Ingera" (the spongy crepes used to pick up your food). I ordered the vegetarian platter, and my date got a spicy beef dish. The food came all together on a large platter with an accompanying garden salad and more ingera. Price-wise, the vegetarian platter was very reasonable ($17 for 4 dishes) whereas the beef dish alone was $14. The chickpea and lentil dishes were both good, but lacked in spice. The mixed veggies and the spinach were also a little bland, nothing special. Overall the dishes were alright, BUT after a while, I became nauseated at the texture of the ingera. It reminded me of a sponge and had a slight vinegar aftertaste which did not sit well with me. I would have probably enjoyed the food more had it been served with some other kind of starch. Good, but I don't think I'll be going back.
4	Sit outside if you can, it adds to the fun experience of eating with your hands! Actually, any good Ethiopian restaurant has you eating with your hands and that is what you should expect. The food was VERY decently priced and very delicious. I highly recommend getting a combo and sharing it with someone. My friend and I did this and added a vegetable dish and we had plenty of food for two big eaters. The end price also didn't break the $40 mark, which, for Montreal seems to be very cheap.It would have been nice to see Ethiopian wines on the menu, but its ok!The service was great, the flavors were there and I would be more than happy to try it out again!
5	What. An. Amazing. Experience.This place is elegant, classy, and charming. I read that the service was terribly slow and expected just that, but it was friendly, helpful, and quick instead. None of us really knew what would be best to order, so our server suggested we get a plate that is not on the menu that provides about 80% of authentic Ethiopian food. It gave us the chance to taste majority of the flavours and satisfy our curiosity!First they brought out a vegetarian plate that had 3 items - spicy diced tomatoes, an interesting spin on hummus with eggplant, and sauteed mixed vegetables. It's presentation was remarkable, it tasted phenomenal, and was a great start to this foodieventure.Then they brought out a large silver tray with portions of lamb, filet mignon, beef, and chicken. In between these portions were other vegetarian options like spinach tossed with onions, lentils, salad, and a pea-puree. Everything was seasoned and cooked to perfection. Absolutely. Everything. Promise.Now, what makes this one-hell-of-an-experience is the rolled up pancake looking bread that you use to pick up all these rich flavours. You eat every bite with your hands and really get in to it with no shame. I paired my meal with a glass (or 3) of their Shiraz and was pleasantly satisfied with how it complimented the meal perfectly.
4	Friendly service, lovely interior, good food with generous portions.  We found that getting a tasting menu for 3 was plenty of food for 5 of us.  Fun place for a festive evening with friends.
5	I came here for my first time today and it was everything I had expected! My mom had been wanting to go for awhile so a group of four of us went for Mother's Day lunch.We ordered the tasting menu which I would highly recommend. You get a selection of several different appetizers followed by a selection of different entrees. The appetizers were all delicious, but their Steak Tartare was just amazing! The main meals were all very flavourful as well. I liked all of the meals, but my favourite entree was probably the dish with strips of filet mignon. The fact that you eat with your fingers and share a large plate make it a much more enjoyable experience.  They had a fun selection of fairly priced fruit cocktails - the one I got was vodka, coconut, peach, and pineapple - and a long wine list.I really enjoyed the decor and atmosphere. It was Sunday afternoon and not very busy, so it was nice and quiet. The restaurant had an African theme and was aesthetically pleasing.I really appreciated the fact that the waiter explained to us what to expect and what was on the menu, as none of us had ever been there before.
4	This is one of the best Ethiopian restaurants I've been to. And that includes Ethiopian places in Toronto, Buffalo NY, and Washington DC. The Blue Nile is pretty upscale for an Ethiopian restaurant, which makes eating there something of an event. I'm a huge fan of Ethiopian food. The food here wasn't particularly spicy, even the food that the waiter said would be spicy. But what it lacked in heat, it made up for in taste. The meat dishes were terrific but the real stand outs were the veggie dishes. The caramelized veggies (okra, eggplant, onions) was so good. The chick pea dish (what the waiter called Ethiopian humus) was sublime. Even the injera tasted better than most I've had.If you enjoy Ethiopian, or if you just want to enjoy something new, this is a place to try.
4	I had no idea what to expect walking into this place as it was my first time trying Ethiopian food.  The decor is modern with some African inspiration and there is also African music playing in the background.We ordered a tasting platter (meat option) which gives you a chance to sample a bit of everything and is definitely worth it if it's your first time trying Ethiopian.  It's $30 a head but it does give you appetizers and a variety of main dishes to try so it is worth the money.  Traditionally Ethiopian food is eaten with your hands using a flat bread called ingera, which I might have spelled wrong.  If you would rather use utensils you can ask for them.  The bread doesn't taste like much but that's a good thing since you end up tasting the actual dishes more which are seasoned with a variety of spices.  My only real issue was that some of the options which were supposed to be spicy didn't live up to the hype but overall I really liked however I really liked how the food tasted.  The meat was very tender in all cases and the sauces that the food came in were very good.
4	I loved this place!!! Went there for my 3 year anniversary with my bf and the food was amazing!!! If you like trying different kinds of food, then this place is a must. You eat with your hands which is different when you're so use to eating with utensils but really fun!!!
2	It took a very long time for the meals to be served. Also, the food is not worth the price IMO.
5	Let's start off with OMG OMG OMG... it was sooooooooooooo good! I bought a coupon off of groupon to try it out and was NOT disappointed. I was so pleased with the service and the staff and the food. The flavors were out of this world! I can't wait to go back!!
4	Not sure why this place has negative reviews on yelp - I personally was very pleased. I had a living social deal for a three course prix fixe lunch and loved it. Our waiter was amazing. He was playing host, and waiting on 11 tables and doing an excellent job. Why the owners wouldn't have had more staff for lunch on Saturday is sort of puzzling to me, but despite the lack of staff we were still waited on promptly and well taken care of. I left a big tip simply for the great job the guy did managing it all. The food was pretty good. I had a curried beef with some sides. The food wasn't the best I've had, though I did enjoy it, the soup and tea were excellent though. The presentation was also unique, as you'll see from my picture. The atmosphere was pleasant and very modern which was nice. Overall - I'd say 3.5 stars, but I'll give it a four because I'm feeling generous.
4	Nil bleu was a good experience. Food is a bit pricy but worth the experience. Service was good and the wine list was reasonable. Very trendy little restaurant, nice decorations. Food was good, we ordered a few dishes and we shared. Their hummus is amazing but very spicy. Ethiopian cuisine is spicy anyways..we will def be back!
5	I was brought here for my surprise birthday party, and i have never tried ethiopian cuisine. My god it was beyond expectation! The friendly staff, stylish african interior( loving their zebra print chairs) , it looked pretty nice. Their food is quite special , tasty to be honest. We had to eat with our hands which is part of their african culture, awesome! I would strongly suggest this place to anyone who loves to discover other ethnics cuisine. A must!
4	The food is full of flavor. One of the most delicious n flavorful food i had in the recent times. We ordered the platter for two which includes everything with the desert. The option of choosing vege and meat was a nice thought. The ambience is spectacular with dum lights and cozy feel. Perfect for a date I would say. You may feel a bit pricey but for the food and atmosphere you won't regret it for sure.
4	Cheers to this ethiopian restaurant! I discovered some new grub here and it was simply delicious and full of flavors. Highlight of this discovery was to eat with your hands. I tried the tasting menu since it was the first time for me to eat ethiopian food. Lots of food. And good. First platter was filled up with vegetarian appetizer such salads, hummus, etc. Main course was mainly different meat such as lamb, chicken, filet mignon and some other salads. Tasting menu include also a glass of hydromel and small desserts.The waiter gave us good and pretty fast service. Sitting on the terrace was a plus.
5	I really enjoyed my experience here.  It's romantic, has fabulous decor and friendly staff. The atmosphere was good not too loud or chaotic and we didn't feel pressured or rushed(somehow we spent two and a half hours here).  My love and I had never tried Ethiopian food and our waiter was very good at explaining everything to us. We decided on the tasting menu. Our food was out within 25 minutes and I honestly expected a longer wait based on the description of the menu items.  I was thrilled about the lack of utensils. Every single thing was tasty..everything. I especially enjoyed the lamb, so flavorful. The honey wine at the end was a special treat.
1	This place is just meh. They are really trying too hard in some trivial respects and then not hard enough when it comes to the important things ... like the food! The ambiance is nice; perhaps a bit overdone. The service is affable enough. But, alas, the food ... if they worried a little less about the decor and instead emphasised their focus more on the authenticity of their food then I'd be much more satisfied. I really could care less about ambiance. I don't go to a restaurant for the atmosphere. I don't go to a restaurant for the service or to complain to the waitstaff. That's just not how I roll. I go for the food! The delicious and life sustaining food. Notwithstanding the African and black and white zebra-print theme that this place has going on ... the food as I mentioned is anything but authentic. It's just uninspired.   Maybe it's just me but I must have ... I want ... I need to taste the heat and the spices of Ethiopia when I eat Ethiopian cuisine. This place is not that. I think that this resto purposefully caters to patrons who require a more bland and tasteless flavour profile. So if you want a watered down version of pseudo-Ethiopian food then this is probably your jam. However, if you want delicious and hearty and oh so fulfilling Ethiopian cuisine please do hightail it on over to East Africa Restaurant on Sherbrooke Street West in the heart of NDG and everything delicious will be yours to enjoy. Good luck!
5	Wow !  My taste buds were exploding with mouth watering delight once I tasted each choice on the platter!  I couldn't believe how a bread called "Ingera" was able to amplify the flavours of each dish!  Delicious!  I felt like a kid again!  Had to eat with my hands!  Awesome!As a custom, Ethiopians share their meals amongst family &  friends!  Making every meal a celebration!  Imagine!  We had an absolutely incredible time!This was an amazing discovery!  The decor is classy & inviting!  The prices were reasonable & the dishes filling!  The wine list had a variety of wines to choose from!   We tried a mixture of red & white to go with certain dishes!  I recommend this restaurant to everyone who enjoys a fun environment where family & friends can really connect!  Totally worth the memories!  Gathering with friends has always been difficult, but The Bleu Nile made that super easy!  We were 15, all sitting in the comfort of a cosy atmosphere while sharing these incredibly delicious mixes of flavoured dishes all assembled on 4 different platters!  The Tasting Menu HighLights the Varieties of Flavours Of The Ethiopian Culture!  A Feast!  A Must!  And Definitely A Keeper!Thank You Nil Bleu, you made our evening memorable!  Thanks for the wonderful service!  Our waiter was very informative & friendly!  Thanks for the history lesson on the Ethiopian Culture!  Until I Eat Again!
