1	Today I had gone to this t mobile store to buy a new phone because I had just cracked mine. When I entered the store no one greeted me and there were two cashiers and another gentlemen in the back that kept coming out every so often. Originally there were only 3 customers including myself and 3 workers which made sense that I wouldn't be waiting to long to get my new phone. I got in line behind a person who was already in the middle of his transaction thinking it wouldn't be long while I got attended to. I kid you not 6 people walked in, in the course of me standing behind this one guy and no one offered to help me. I asked one lady and she told me rudely to hold on. Not till I almost walked out did another lady ask to help me. When I finally got her to grab what I needed she seemed careless and never acknowledged me because she was to busy conversing with her fellow coworkers. I was never so offended to not being helped. They had no professionalism nor common curtesy. Never again will I step foot at this tmoblie store. Almost made me want to cancel my phone.
5	I've never had an issue with T-Mobile. My family and I have been with them since 2002. Service is always quick and professional. I never pressured to upgrade or make changes to my service. I actually was told my bill was eligible to go down $10 /mo. The store was neat and well organized.I've never had to wait more than 10 minutes at this location. I'm a huge fan of Tmobile!
5	Never really had a issue at this particular store the customer service is good here and I always find what im looking for I like that im in and out of this store real quick I like that quick and simple and to the point.
1	I would give this a NO STAR if i could. First time coming here on a Sunday 2 months a go, my mom and I had purchased the gold iphone 5s and it was amazing because only this hispanic guy greeted us and made us feel comfortable. My mom and I came back probably few days later because she wanted her old number from metro as the same for tmobile. It was around 5-6 pm getting dark and we were hoping the first guy who helped us was present. Unfortunately, he wasn't therefore we asked this hispanic lady. 1) she's rude2) she seems like she hates working there3) bad attitude towards us when we have the right to ask questions4) no f****** help at all. I mean, WON'T YOU DO ANYTHING TO MAKE YOUR CUSTOMER HAPPY? This place is just pure bad customer service because of that. I gave this place another try because my mom wanted to get an upgrade. Once again, I was just praying the guy we liked was there but then again he wasn't and saw the hispanic woman again. This time this guy helped us with the new phone but he was just going too far with his desperation of needing to sell his stuff. My dad told him that he would purchase a gold iphone for my mother too and it just happened too fast. Right now, they have a deal with 0 down for most phones if qualified. In this case my dad and I never knew there was a qualification thing. So when the hispanic woman told us " so downpayment for $90 right?" And i was just like " why would it be $90 when its 0 " - " because you guys arent qualified for just being with us for 2 months." Well how the hell are we suppose to know when the first thing she should have done was to check our damn history and be fucking polite about it. Everytime my dad would ask questions, she straight up says no like he's tired of him. Never pick this place, at all. I prefer everyone to go to charleston and decatur by walmart if you want excellent customer service. Everyone there is great and on point and honest. This place is too horrible.
5	After my friend and I both had our iPhones stolen NYE weekend, we were able to take an oh so exciting journey to the t mobile store. (Exactly what we wanted to do on a trip).David was fantastic! He was helpful and quick. He is a 5 star employee! He managed both of our transactions with ease. The employees were also cool enough to let us chill in the store while we waited for a cab.
