4	I visited the Crate&Barrel location near the South Park Mall recently, and this store is phenomenal! To start, the people who work here are amazingly helpful and friendly. They are very attentive and really want to help you with whatever it is you are looking for. For me, it was a new countertop water filtration system - I bought mine from here a few weeks back, and it recently started making a crazy loud noise like it was getting ready to throw itself off of my countertop. I lugged it in there with no box, and no receipt, and they took it back and replaced it with no problem. I also want to mention that if you are getting married, you should definitely check it out for a registry. They have EVERYTHING you could need, and some really great and unique products that you probably won't find elsewhere. If you buy your bedding from there (which we did), they ship it to you for free. Go check them out!
5	To me, all Crate & Barrels are fantastic, so I'm always going to rate them fairly high.  They're all so modern, clean, and fresh.  This one (the only one) in Charlotte stands out because it's a two-story freestanding store and carries a large supply of bedroom and living room furniture on their second floor as well as the regular home decor that C&Bs carry.  I love walking through their room displays and imagining what my house could look if I had thousands of dollars to plunk down on the counter.  Until then, I scope out their sale items of other miscellaneous goods.  This past weekend, I got great deals (about 1/2 off) on a deep lasagna dish, quiche dish, and set of ramekins.  Look out, Rachael Ray!
4	Crate & Barrel has all my household needs and is in a very convenient location just off of South Park Mall.The employees are very friendly and helpful. I love walking through the store and adding to my long wish list! Makes me want to get married again so all my friends can buy me stuff...hmm, does the registry work the same if I renew my vows?Thanks, Crate & Barrel for being top notch! (Although, is there a way that you could use less and recycle more?)
4	Crate & Barrels rock - especially if you've got unlimited funds! Whether you're looking for silverware, bedroom furniture, or some fun accents, their helpful staff can help you find it in this beautiful 2 story store.For brides and grooms, they throw exclusive registry parties, too! You tour the store before opening with mimosas in hand and register stuff you want, and meet some exclusive wedding vendors along the way (last week was ShutterBooth, Lily Greenthumbs Florist, a calligrapher, and Black Lion engraving).
4	Great place to kill time, get ideas, and be inspired.  Everything in the store is pretty modern and clean - I don't really have much to compare the one in Charlotte to (except the ridiculous 4 story one in Chicago) but I think 2 levels is a good even number and doesn't seem too overwhelming.  Well - let's call it 2.5... if you enter in from the Mall side, theres a mini escalator.   I call it the half floor :)I usually like giving gifts from here since it is a popular place that people register at for Weddings and events.  They do a great job packaging for shipments and also wrapping if you are at the store.  Normally I go to the store to actually see the item before making my decision to buy online and ship it direct.Never had a bad experience, the staff is very warm and welcoming, but not in-your-face about trying to help you.
4	A great place for gifties for yourself, a soon-to-be-married couple or just about anyone. This particular Crate & Barrel is just off of SouthPark mall with (fairly) limited parking on the weekends. I often come here, walk around and find at least two or three things I don't need but I must have. Whether it's kitchenware (glasses of all kinds are super affordable), dining room linens, picture frames, home decor or furniture, this Crate has it all. Plus, two levels. Woot!Staff are all quite helpful and nice - comes in handy when you're registering for wedding gear or picking up a present. Plus, this is a great place to get inspired if you're redecorating a room, painting, etc.
5	I'm totally hooked on Crate & Barrel & have been a shopper for years online, so I'm happy we have an actual store.Great gifts for yourself, others & soon to be married couples!  I enjoy shopping here in the spring / summer, as they always have cute stuff for the season. Oh & Christmas! I'm such a sucker for the ornaments & Christmas treats! I'm like Nicole, a lot of stuff you don't necessarily need, but you just "have to have"!It's bright, employees are friendly & helpful & I love that everything isn't so smushed together that you're nervous to walk around for fear of breaking something.
5	They have some cool designs and Holiday products!  This is a cool store and I like the kitchen stuff, though I'm more a fan of the Lighting and Furniture.  Currently I think they only have two designs by Milo Baughman (Designer for Thayer Coggin) they need more.
5	So...this weekend I was eyeballing the website & came across some goodies that I had to have. Well, mainly I wanted them for Milo. :D  They offer phone orders / buy online, pick up in the store options. CONVENIENCE, people - I love it!  So, Saturday morning I called at 10 AM (when they opened) & spoke with Jeff - an associate. He patiently & efficiently entered in my SKUs & let me know how many of each item they had. We also chit chatted about the items I was getting, so it was a very personable conversation.  After "ringing" me up over the phone, he let me know those items would be ready to pick up whenever I was ready  - within a two week time table.  When I went in yesterday (Sunday) to pick them up, I checked in with an associate, who went to the back & retrieved my bag. Everything was nicely wrapped up & placed neatly in the bag. I will definitely utilize this feature in the future...especially if I am pressed for time.
4	Their furniture store.I wish I could afford to shop here. Good quality, modern yet cozy styles. They offer very good pieces both in upholstery and hardwood case-goods. It's also like the only place to get a stylish all-hardwood dining table without having to take a second mortgage on your house. Their lowest price items on the catalog don't impress on close inspection but the mid-priced items are killer.
4	If you like Crate and Barrel but aren't "made out of money" check out their other outlet http://www.cb2.com/  It has a nice selection of trendy furniture at very affordable prices - too bad there's no store in NC to check it out in person. In spite of this they still charge sales tax on internet sales .... :-(
5	Set apart from the hustle and bustle of the mall itself, Crate & Barrel is two full floors of the most rad and modern, fashionable furniture and housewares around. I have no idea how I missed going in for the first time until not long ago. This stuff, along with items from shops like west elm and IKEA, will be sure to grace my home one day when I make it to pickin' in the high cotton.The staff is always just friendly and helpful enough, but out of your way when you want to burn some time just feeling out the way a couch or chair ergonomically hugs your contours. The possibilities for decking out a kitchen and dining areas in particular are endless here - and I'm a man who loves those rooms most! Needless to say I can get lost pretty easily trying to figure out what I want.The colors and selection are, like I said, very modern. Lots of straight lines and dark woods. Furniture is almost always out of real woods from oak to bamboo. Shag rugs and pillows of every variety and furniture that makes you think "How did they do that?!" Of course I am opinionated and there are some items here which I think are a lot less functional outside of being an obstacle for you to trip over in your home. Overall this stuff is just amazing beyond description. The furniture is highly functional, chairs and sofas surprisingly comfy and the choices for kitchen-wares are endless.The only issue here is the price but I think it fits for the area and ultimately the quality of what you're looking at here. Also, they are the only place in the area that I know of to carry the trending marimekko brand.
5	What's not to love?
4	I. Love. CB. I wish I could afford to have my entire home furnished and decorated from here. I'm slowly working towards it! They have everything you could need to fill your home. The prices are a bit on the high side but you get quality goods. I love every piece we have gotten from them. This stuff will survive more than one move, unlike the stuff from Ikea. Also a great place to pick up gifts! My only complaint is the customer service is hit or miss.
5	I could mosey around this store day after day and wouldn't get bored. I love crate and barrel. I could easily spend too much money during each visit, so I will often leave my credit card in the car! That way if I really need something or want something, I have to go out to the car and think about it again before buying. We've bought several pieces of furniture from this location. If you need help in this department, ask for Tamara. She is extremely helpful and not pushy. The only complaint I have is the parking lot. I always park in the parking garage across from the store because the parking spots are horrible out front. Large SUVs will take up several spaces and backing out of a space is a little scary. Save yourself a headache and go to the garage. Your car is more protected and it's shaded for those warm Charlotte days!
4	If I had millions/billions of dollars, I would buy every glass thing and kitchen doo-dad in this store. This particular location is a free standing store that is not connected to the main Southpark Mall, and it has limited parking in the immediate vicinity, but the store is two stories and very airy/spacious. Snagging a salesperson can be a bit tricky, but when you get one, they are always very helpful and attentive.
5	Had a great experience working with Crate & Barrel and Cami was a huge help, I would definitely find her to help you!
5	I won't be the first to say this, I'm sure, but when I saw Olivia Pope drinking out of those extra long-stemmed wine glasses, I had to find them.  After a quick Google search, there they were--at Crate & Barrel.  I love them!  Not to mention just about everything else they have in the store.  There employees are always really nice and willing to hold things for you, grab things for you, suggest things to you.  I just love this place.  If only there was one in Ballantyne!
