1	My coworker and I went there for breakfast at 8:45am this morning ... plenty of time for our 9:30am meeting in the Complexe Desjardins where this restaurant is, right?Wrong!!There was only one server and she was soooooooooo slow and not very smart.My coworker asked for coffee five times until he finally got a cup.She took our order for breakfast just before 9am.  It arrived at 9:20am!!  We didn't order anything fancy ... just bacon, eggs, home fries and toast.  I can't tell you if it was any good since we had to inhale it and leave a lot behind to get to our meeting.When we got to our meeting and said why we were late, our local coworkers moaned and said NEVER to go there because the server is so slow.
4	I'm from Texas and was visiting Montreal with family.I LOVED this place.  The waiters were really nice even though I don't know any french.  They have free refills and wifi.  It is a great place to get warm and eat good food after a long day of walking and shopping!
4	THIS was the only restaurant where the waiters didn't avoid us completely because majority of us didn't speak French. It was also the first place we saw English in the menu, alongside French.I can tell you, our experience in Montreal restaurants were crawling in the bottoms pits- nobody talked to us or took care of us - until this place. After Mike's it got a little better. The food here is really delicious - and the server tried at least to communicate with us  so that was good. There was TONS OF WAITING. I think it came to a 45 minute mark, waiting for our bill to arrive. This was strange because we were fairly promptly served during the meal.It certainly was a great place to bump into after hours of shopping and walking !!!
1	You will be disappointed. Only tourists come here, locals avoid it like the plague.The prices are high but the food is all frozen, pre-packaged and low quality.  It's just re-heated in the back and delivered with no care, nothing is prepared fresh. It's really quite gross - and a disgusting black mark on a city with so many good places. The owners are just taking advantage of the city's reputation for good food. They should be fined or shut down.They are literally just reheating frozen food in the back. Add beer and that's Mike's!
1	I went here for dinner and will never go back again. I thought the combinations on the menu were kind of bizarre- having some pizza with pasta on the side- but maybe that's just me, too much carbs and starch on one plate is kind of off-putting. The menu had some choices that sounded good, but that's it. I ordered a 'make your own pasta', which had penne, mixed vegetables, and rose sauce. When my dinner arrived, it was not what I was expecting. Way too much pasta, and not enough vegetables- there were maybe 2 florets each of broccoli and cauliflower, and maybe 3 pieces each of red and green peppers. The vegetables didn't even seem cooked. The pasta was doused in sauce and was not very pleasant to eat.  There was so much pasta, it could have been split between 2-3 people. I noticed all the food going out looked like it could have fed that many people. Why make that much food for one person? i don't understand. Takeout the rest after maybe, but I certainly didn't want to.The dessert was just as bad- I ordered a mousse, which was much too rich, and again there was too much of it.Despite the gross food, I think the service was good. The waitress was friendly to me, addressing me in English as I was the only anglophone at the table. I'd give the place 1.5 stars because of the service.The food is memorable, but for all the wrong reasons.
