2	It was a nice clean room. But I got in late about 11pm so the 3rd shift Guy was on duty. Well they lock the doors before 11 so he answer with a horrible attitude.  He asked if I had a reservation I was like "duh" I'm here at this time of night. He let me in so we can do checks in. He (Billy) had the worse personality if my reservation had not been prepaid I'd left.  I got to bed late so I didn't till about 11:20am oh you would have thought the earth had shaken 2people came by my room told me check out was at 11am. Then I was told they give me to noon. Thank you for the courtesy which should have been a given considering the economic situation Phoenix is in.  Not like they were crawling with customers. So glad I'm changing to the embassy suites. Last night was just a crash pad for I got to Phoenix early.
3	I checked in for a two night stay, so I could hit a local nightclub and not get in trouble with the popo.   My check in was smooth and all staff members were very nice and made my stay comfortable.  The room was setup like a small studio apartment; nothing to sing about, but it was very clean.   Overall, I would recommend this place.
1	I found this place on Hotels.com and booked one night so I could fly out of Phoenix early the next morning. Got in at 12 and asked if they could check me in early (I figured this was reasonable since I saw the maids already in the process of cleaning two rooms) - and was told the earliest I could check in was 3 p.m.?? Really? Now, I know they don't bend over backwards for anybody who gets a deal over Hotels.com since they're not making a premium amount........but you have rooms available, dude. "We were really busy last night and won't have anything until 3". Not even 2, 2:30? "No, earliest is 3 unfortunately". So based on them being filthy liars...........1 star.In addition, the entire room was in need of a complete overhaul. From the toilet that wasn't completely caulked in, to the leaky shower that points in the direction of the curtain and doesn't move, and the fact that you have to swipe your room key "exactly right" to open the damn door. Yes, you heard me......it literally took me 10 tries to get into the room. The front desk just laughed and said "yeah, we have the same problem". I mean, you don't have to fix it or anything........So based on them being idiots as well........1 star.For a grand average of......1star.
4	Our Hendersonville Video team arrived midday and everyone was checked in within a few minutes. This is like a two or three star hotel and is a good value for the money. Great parking and a nice desk staff. Ihop is only a block away. Very handy.
1	No one stay at this place! I stayed here for a few weeks. My company is in Arizona for a month working before traveling again. It was April 22 at around 520 am. All of a sudden 4 or 5 people with guns broke in and shoved guns in our faces and heads. Eventually they forced us in the bathroom and closed the door. After 15 minutes we went out because we didn't hear them anymore. they took everything, including my dirty underwear! Wtf? Management didn't even apologize or offer any sort of compensation. This was ONLY the scariest thing I've ever been through. I def need some counseling as IM sure the nightmares will continue. The only redeeming part was how cool the night front desk chick was. Seriously don't stay here. It is not safe. Make sure to also lock the swinging latch. This place has some shifty characters hanging around. Unfortunately I have to give a star for my review to go up. My psychologist has her work cut out when I get home
1	All locations need a serious facelift, always got me looking for bed bugs. I haven't had a good experience in several around town but some really bad ones. Avoid.
1	This location went downhill fast.  Unbelievable filthy.  This is the fourth year in a row we've stayed at this location.  I cannot believe the difference between last year and this year.  Carpet was disgusting, non-smoking room was in fact smoking.  Weird stains on wall and ceiling. Kitchen and bathroom floors were dirty.  Bathtub and tub surround black with mildew, missing numerous kitchen items.  It's not just this room (#241) but the entire location itself.  Trip advisor has much more negative reviews.  Something happened during the summer last year and this location went downhill ever since then.  Don't stay here
3	I always appreciate a hotel that has amenities not typically found in most hotels. Extended Stay is exactly that - a hotel for extended stays. If you've caught any of their commercials, you'll know they have fully equipped kitchens with a refrigerator, microwave, plates and glasses, and more. Even if you don't utilize any of the amenities, it's nice having the option.I was in charge of finding a hotel for a weekend when the Giants were in town for Spring Training. The rate was $79 a night and seemed like a good deal considering other nearby hotels were twice that. I booked two rooms and checking in wasn't too bad, but the front desk employee was less than cheerful and seemed to be bothered when she couldn't find one of our two room reservations. Eventually we got our rooms but it wasn't the ideal way to start our experience with Extended Stay.We made our way up to the second floor and after opening our room door, we were engulfed with cigarette smoke. I'm not one to complain but this was much worst than some of the hotels I've stayed in in Reno and Las Vegas. The smell must of been the result of years, and years of smoking in non-smoking rooms. We made a call to the front desk because the room was unbearable, it was musty in addition to the cigarette smoke. A call to the front desk and we were relocated to another nearby room. Again, not the easiest thing to do with the not so friendly employee who ultimately had to call her manager.The second room was better but not by much. The room wasn't as clean as it should have been: the window sill was dirty, the bathroom door had a hole, and again the inescapable cigarette smell. My room was not as bad but we kept waking up to what we thought was a woodpecker, but it turned out to be an internal part of the freezer. We could have made a call to the front desk, but we turned the TV up and tried our best to sleep through it. This room didn't reek of smoke and would suffice rather than getting stuck in a room that smells of smoke.If you were to ask the party I was with whether they'd stay at Extended Stay again and they'd say hell no. The room wasn't to their liking, the front staff was unhelpful, and the pool was closed and looked as if The Hulk had bathed in it. There are some perks though, with plenty of eating options close by as well as a grocery store. Surprisingly the rooms look like the pictures, but they've been beaten up throughout the years, yet will do if you're in town for a day or two, but this certainly isn't Scottsdale luxury by any means.
1	I walk in to ask for a quote. After waiting two minutes to be addressed by the clerk (he was talking to a co worker while I was standing there waiting), I ask to see a room. The room and place is GHETTO. Me no likey GHETTO. Ghetto superstar you who know you are.
4	The staff are friendly and nice. Also they gave us a room early than 3. Summer rates are sometimes High we always book with priceline 15 dollars cheaper. the rooms are great. I think they need to make sure they really clean I think manger should check the rooms after they are done. couple of rooms we stay were messy.  They dump sunflower seed in kitten drawers and trash behind bathroom door. yes they need clean the bath tub better little black stains the towels smell like bleach Just sad that guest are like that. I like stay here close to fwy, fair costco, mickey dee's and Fry's
1	Changing my original review upon being prompted via email to fill out their online survey. After completing the survey, I received an email directly from the general manager. I will post my experience following the actions taken...
1	What a nightmare. Got here late after flying in and working all day. I was told initially by the desk agent that he was running his night audit and he wouldn't be able to check me in for 30 minutes. Another man in the lobby, who initially took to be one of the many shady people that have apparently made this their home but was apparently the manger dressed in a dirty white t shirt and headphones, informed me that they could check me in immediately. They found my reservation and we discussed how important the non smoking room was. I found my room across the parking lot and opened the door to a wall of cigarette stink. Nice. I picked up the phone to call the desk- phone doesn't work, but fortunately the "manager" was knocking on my door only minutes later to inform me that they actually had not found my reservation and needed all of my info again. I informed him of the very strong smell and he mumbled something about maybe trying to find some febreze.  There was not be any febreze. I attempted to respond to some emails on my laptop with the wifi code provided upon check in. Their wifi doesn't work. This could go on and on. Rock hard bed and awful pillows, rusty shower, shower curtain so short that water inevitably ends up all over the floor, beat up paint and furniture, one power outlet in the whole room that my phone charger didn't just fall right out of, the aforementioned general transient vibe of the folks hanging around the parking lot all night, terrible water pressure, dirty comforter, etc.....Find somewhere else
1	If I could, I would give this place no stars. DO NOT STAY HERE!  Our room was infested with BED BUGS. The carpet and sofa were filthy. The front door latch was broken, and had splatters of dirt or rust. The kitchen counter and desk table tops were dirty. The sheets had what looked like old blood stains from old bed bugs. The shower drain was rusty and the shower a little moldy. All the walls were dirty. The manager did not provide money for laundering our clothing. The service was supposed to be open 24 hours, but was closed at midnight when I tried to report finding the bedbugs.
