5	Dr Nielsen is a highly qualified dentist, who I originally found on 1-800-DENTISTS. He has a relatively small practice, and while he may not have all the latest whizz-bang technology, he has what he needs to make accurate diagnoses and to take care of the typical dental problems. I've had him do routine exams. He also replaced a crown and performed a deep gum treatment -- painfree except for the novocaine. You can't get more gentle than that. All were done after thorough exams, and after explaining the procedures and why they were necessary. He is the rare dentist who does only what is necessary, rather than trying to sell you a new mouth. He's exactly the kind of dentist I was hoping to find, and I expect to keep going to him in the future. I highly recommend him; he is highly professional, easygoing and kind of fun, and a family man with high values. Most importantly to me, he keeps his patients' comfort and health as his top priority. His chairside assistant is very capable, too.
5	Dr Nielsen was the first doctor I went to when arriving in Las Vegas. As it happened his office, on the corner of Cheyenne and Soaring Gulls, is only blocks from my new home. Originally, I called another doctor in the office, but he was out for an extended time.  Dr Nielsen took on the job and over the past year and more has helped me tremendously.Dr. Nielsen has a great personality and takes the time to get acquainted and to explain all the procedures. I needed more explanation for something and was able to talk to him on the phone too. He is a graduate of the University of Colorado where he is from and now lives here with his wife. My previous dentist seemed to be excellent, but now I wonder how much he missed or if he just decided that I could get along with less than excellent care. Over the years I've spent a small fortune trying to keep the set of teeth I was born with. Now, I do not want to waste that effort and money.Dr. Nielsen took care of some neglected areas of my care and in the end I had to have a wisdom tooth pulled, as well as a couple others that did not respond to root canal therapy at Dr. Fife's practice (I wrote a good review on him too.) So he needed to do bridge work, as well.The dental hygienist in the office is also great. She is well informed, intelligent and caring. I might never learn to floss, but if I don't, I hope she will not fire me as a patient. A recent dental hygienist of mine seemed to barely brush the teeth, but not here. When leaving the office I feel as if I should not eat with these pearly whites.Good to know is the office accepts insurance (such as it is) and credit card payments. Dental care is not inexpensive as we all know, but neglecting your teeth will run the bill up much, much heigher. See your dentist twice a year. Finally, the office is pleasant, very clean and waiting times are minimal with an appointment. Parking is adequate in front of the office. Entry is a little tricky as it is from Soaring Gull going north of Cheyenne. Sometimes I find it easier to park in the big parking lot across the street near Urgent Care and Albertsons super market.
