2	This has got to be one of the worst Wal-Mart's I have ever been to. My friend just moved to this neighborhood so we decided to go to this Wal-Mart so he could get some items for his new home. It was late, around 11:40PM. We needed to get some things from electronics but when we got to that department we realized they had it blocked off. We asked what was going on and they told us that their location now shuts down electronics at 11PM. ARE YOU SERIOUS?! THIS IS WAL-MART! The point of having a 24 hour location is for convenience. They even had the makeup department shut down too. Which brings me to why I'm giving this location 2 stars instead of 1. I went up to an employee (SWEETEST MAN EVER!) and ask if he would let me go into the makeup department and get the face lotion that I had primary came to Wal-Mart for. This employee knew he shouldn't and even stated he wasn't suppose to, YET he still allowed me to go in there and get the lotion I came for. The fact that he risked getting in trouble to help me find what I needed blew my mind. That man deserves to work for a better company, a company that appreciates their employees that actually care about their customers. That's what I consider going the extra mile. HE DESERVES A RAISE! I wish I knew his name, all I know is that he was restocking the lotion when I approached him and he told me he just got back from vacation so he wasn't entirely certain why they had shut down those departments at 11PM.Do yourself a favor and NEVER go to this Wal-Mart unless you want to talk to that AWESOME employee.
1	I am absolutely disgusted with this store. I walked the sales floor and the entire store was not zoned/faced or looked like it had been. Associates are suppose to offer to help you with anything that you need within 10 feet. I have passed 19 associates and have not received anything but a glares and changing there route to avoid customers. The only thing a it this store that has been kept up is the floors.
1	WORST CUSTOMER SERVICE EVER!!!!!! I just moved from California and there are some awful Walmarts there but this one has by far taken the cake. I have been to several different locations and this on in particular is the only place it happens. So I went to purchase Grey Goose Vodka which is behind one of the registers. There is no sign on the shelf where all the other brands of Vodka are that tell you where to locate them or anything that anything showing that they even sell the brand. As I approached the register with my husband and ask for the Vodka the cashier went and got it and said to BOTH my husband and for our I.D's. When I asked why she said because you both look under 40. And then when I asked why she needed to see both our I.D's she points to a sign that says if you look under 40 and purchasing alcohol and or tobacco products. Then she says it's the store policy to ask anyone who comes in the store together that looks under 40 for everyone in that groups I.D. I said again where is that written. She say it's store policy. I ask to speak to a manager. She calls over a store lead. The lead tells me that same thing and then I say well that makes no since to me because he's my husband and I've showed you my I.D. and I'm the one who's purchasing the alcohol.  The lead says would you like to speak to and assistant manager. I said I thought your were a manager that's who I asked for. She says no I'm a lead or something of that sort. So when that assistant manager was called over he said the same thing and I asked again WHERE IS THAT WRITTEN.  As I was talking to the assistant manager the cashier unrings the bottle of vodka and puts it back on the shelf walks away from the register without saying another word and a new cashier come over. At this point I just wanted to get the hell out of there so my husband and I BOTH showed l.D.s and HE (my husband) paid for it and we left. I have been to other Walmarts in the area and have purchased the exact same thing. I am usually with my husband and WE or I'm never asked for both of our I.D's. It's a shame that this happened here because I don't want to go back to this particular store....I will probably take the further drive to the walmart that appreciates there customers.
1	Specifically speaking of the Pharmacy Dept. I was very displeased with my service. I went there after a very long and stressful doctor's appointment for my two sick kids. The line was so long I had to stop and question if i really wanted to wait that long but i had to get my kids' meds. I stood in line for 15 minutes before the first person was helped. The line was about 20 people deep and they had 1 person on the register at the end of her shift. There was another lady there who I have seen work the register but she appeared to be training a new hire. This lady only stepped up to help when another Wal-mart employee cut the line and asked for help picking up her Rx. when another customer started complaining about the situation she started ridiculing her instead of helping out. Then the pharmacist had to announce an apology to the crowd and explain that they were short staffed. Same employee never got on the register because she was training but did leave to go get staples and asked the one person on the register to help the trainee learn the register. She has been there for a long time but really I think it is time she moved on. Clearly she has no idea what customer service is all about. PS. This happened a few weeks ago. I wasn't going to write this because there are plenty of employees in this department that are outstanding but really I think they would be better off without this particular employee.
