4	HATE  Nothing.DISLIKE  Bartender said they only had one muddler for mojitos between three of them (granted it was their grand opening but please open prepared for that at least).LIKE  Concept of hologram dancers (but average execution). The Spanish "Bettie Page" dancers and servers. Strawberry margarita. Shrimp and cucumber appetizer.  Overall theme and atmosphere.LOVE  Nothing.
4	Good food. wasnt amazing but yeah it was good. tried  the sampler appetizer and had the wet slow cooked rib burrito.anyways very good looking staff. and from what our waitress said it turns into a cool lounge/club atmosphere later in the night.  i left dinner around 8pm as some dancers were starting to show up :/appetizer/dinner/drinks for me an a friend was about 70.00if i remember correctly they specialize in Tequila? ehh i dont remember but i think thats what i was told.
1	This is terrible and over priced "Mexican" food.   But the waitresses are cute.  How do you screw up a quesadilla?  Overcook it and slather it in strangely mismatched sauces and forget to add cheese, that's how.  This place is trying way too hard.
2	This was a disaster from the start. My date and I met in front of the entrance to the restaurant. A customer walked out front to smoke and one of the owners/partners/managers comes out and yells at him "This isn't Tijuana." "You can't smoke and drink out here." He was holding a cigarette the entire time. The restaurant itself doesn't set the atmosphere of a Mexican restaurant or anything remotely related to pinup culture either. The design is trying to be more like a nightclub or ultra lounge. It's a mishmash of chaos with no discernible direction. The bar is nice, but our table seemed to be the wrong shape for the booth, and you could still see uncovered electrical outlets in the wall. Not impressed at all. There were 12 people standing behind the bar and no one was really doing anything. It almost seemed intimidating ordering at the bar. Our server was very friendly and next to the OK food was the only thing that kept this from being a 1-star review. Our order was handled incorrectly (kitchens fault) and the busser seemed a bit over zealous to clear our plates. They were still half covered with food. The food itself was again decent, but nothing remarkable. The margarita's were good.The holographic dancer/mariachi/dj display is strange and seems completely out of place. Then again, it might just fit right in amongst the disaster that is Lolita's Cantina.
1	The only good thing I can say is the place looks nice. Other than that it is a complete train wreck. The service was really bad. We had one drink which took about 10 minutes to get after we ordered. They didn't have the first two beers I ordered. I chose them off the tap handles?  They finally brought some chips and salsa. Three different servers tried to bring us food that we didn't order. I could go on and on but not worth it. For their sake I hope they get it fixed or they will surely meet an early demise.
1	This was dreadful. The restaurant appears to have an identity crisis. The atmosphere is confused, it is not that of a Mexican Cantina nor related to the pinup girl trend. The tables and chairs were very contemporary feeling and minimalist. The staff of Lolita's were wearing very sexy pinup girl style outfits or black and pink bowler shirts for the men. There were a sundry of staff available, all of which appeared to be waking in circles around the restaurant accomplishing nothing.  Lolita's played club style music with random interludes featuring a hologram of a classic mariachi band. The hologram was an interesting touch, but the overall concept at Lolita's seemed very confusing and unfocused. Our waiter did not help in our party's overall impression of Lolita's. It took vast amounts of time to get our drinks and food. He would disappear for a long periods and return without any drinks and appeared to have forgotten we ordered anything. Lolita's doesn't have a drink menu despite boasting they are a Tequila bar. Our waiter recommended a Pomegranate Margarita which was possibly the single most ill tasting cocktail I have ever had in my life. He still charged me for the ill Pomegranate Margarita and brought me their traditional Margarita on the rocks. The traditional Margarita was an improvement from the Pomegranate Margarita, but nothing to brag about. The Margaritas tasted like they came from a mix, I found no hint of fresh ingredients. When my husband inquired about their beer selection the waiter started with a list of what they were out of. My husband replied with "Why don't you just tell me what you have?"It took a very long time for our food to be served after we ordered. In fact, our waiter didn't deliver our food and the delivering staff didn't know what meals came with the side of Lolita's rice or who ordered what. In addition, the waiter apparently forgot to order my food and didn't serve my plate until well after my party had finished their meals. A random waiter tried to give me a taco that I didn't order. The wait staff seemed to be very disorganized and all over the place.  I ordered the grilled Mahi Mahi burrito and found it to be laking flavor. Our waiter did remove the charge of my food from the check. The staff was very hyperactive about collecting our glasses as well. Apparently they did not have enough glassware to satisfy the demand of their patrons.A couple positive notes:1). The food prices at Lolita's are very reasonable. 2). Two people at our table ordered the Pollo con Tequila and both raved that it tasted amazing.
2	The good, the bad and the ugly.  Ok, here goes. So, I hear Lolita's is opening up and the chef comes from Border Grill, and it's in Town Square and it has creative cocktails and it's a lovely summer night.. what more do I need? My friend's birthday warranted an excuse to check it out.  The good: the food is seriously wonderful.  The ceviche's are fresh, the Shrimp Ensalada was so tasty.  Marinated grilled (ok a little too grilled) shrimp served with a salad of cucumber, tomato, avocado and grapefruit in a light citrus dressing.  Amazing!  The marinated chicken entree was served with sweet potatoes and rice (I don't get why so much starch).  The moist chicken was grilled and the marinade left a sweet and tangy finish to the outside. The brownie thing served for dessert had a moist and chewy crumbly center, kind of like a lava cake too.  The outside had the most delicious crispy texture that just thinking about it makes me salivate!  My Pineapple Margharita when it finally arrived, was sweet and tangy with a real pineapple juice and fresh lime juice.  The tequila they used was smooth and the whole cocktail was a pleasure.Here is the bad: I called Lolita's and the phone rings and rings and rings and rings.... the lady who answered said she is not a person who can take reservations.  "Call back and someone else will answer who can help you" she tells me.  Ok, so I call back in about 10 minutes and it rings and rings and rings and rings and rings and then someone picks it up just to hang up.  Ok, bad sign.I call later in the day when I KNOW someone must be in the restaurant and am then able to make are reservation for 4 people the following evening.Blunder number 2.  We get there on time and it takes at LEAST 15 minutes to find us a table in a not crowded restaurant.  Ok, so we go to the bar to try one of the 'handcrafted cocktails' advertised on the sign out front.Blunder number 3.  There is NO cocktail menu! Wha??? So I ask the waitress for a verbal listing and she hems and haws and says "Mojitos are good?".  Ugh.  We order a round of drinks and the hostess comes to seat us before they arrive.Blunder number 4.  We were seated for at least 10 minutes before our drinks arrived.  The waitress, while cordial, Was not attentive and we waited too long to order anything.  So of course we ordered everything at once because who knew when she would be back to take our entree orders.  Just an FYI, I observed other tables waiting too long for service from other servers so I can't just blame it all on our waitress.  Something was not working right.Blunder number 5.  When the drinks arrived my Pineapple Margharita was a salted traditional.. um. Wrong.  Try again.Blunder number 6.  The ceviche sampler platter arrived and as the waitress was setting it down all the little martini cups they were served in dumped right onto the table.  Honestly, you would have to be a circus performer to carry a tray in one hand and set down a heavy plate with 3 little martini cups full of a heavier than liquid substance without spilling anything. (The ceviche was so good though that we actually ate if right off the butcher paper covering the table) That wasn't the blunder.  We ordered more but our entrees were finished and there was still no sign of the ceviche appetizer.  So we had the item removed from the bill as a no show.  That was the blunder.Blunder number 7: my dining companion ordered the grilled chicken entree (I forget the name but will never forget how tasty the chicken was!).  Since she didn't need all the carbs she asked for no sweet potatoes and double the grilled vegetable side.  Well, along comes her entree with no vegetables and double the carbs.  ?? Blunder number 8: While minor it still counts to me.  My other companion ordered a Kir Royale cocktail from the bar while we were waiting for our table.  The waitress needed him to repeat it 3 times probably because she never heard of it.  It is a traditional classic cocktail made with Champagne, Creme de Cassis and a twist.  It would have been an experienced bartender if the drink came to him appropriately made.  Unfortunately, it wasn't..but it was close.  He got champagne with chambord.  A bit too sweet but he didn't complain. Blunder number 9 and 10: Actually this was for another table who had items dropped twice at their table.  Our poor server, it was definitely not her day.Right now I really wouldn't suggest heading to Lolita's Cantina unless you are a very patient person with a lot of time to kill.  Come visit when they work out the details regarding menu items, having an actual drink menu, training servers to be knowledgable of menu items, getting the flow going to keep service smooth and after they have an answering machine. I think Lolita's Cantina will survive. The place was already packed, they have great marketing going on and really and truly the food was almost worth all of those blunders.
2	Came here for lunch because of the 2 for 1 special and it was something new. The appearance was nice and simple, nice colors. Servers seemed friendly overall, girls were nice looking. It seemed a little slow for 1pm. Our chips and salsa took a few minutes to come out, we also got guacamole and crispy mini tacos. Presentation was decent but taste was lacking.  Guac was plain, meat in tacos was rubbery and chips were stale... We ordered street tacos that took awhile, nothing special (had a weird taste to it).Positives: they have no carb option street tacos (wrapped in lettuce), friendly and awesome tequila selection. (outdoor patio selection looks nice)I hope they are still developing the menu (taste) and concept, great potential but not sure if I would choose to come back or recommend but would tag along if someone else wanted to try.
4	I'm a little surprised at some of the low really reviews for Lolita's.  3.5 stars for me.We were looking to "Notch" a new restaurant this evening and somehow would up at Town Square. Lolita's looked like a trendy restaurant meets nightclub meets ultra lounge - usually the sort of place I would avoid. I don't drink, I hate the music they play in these sorts of places and I don't like to dress up.Throwing caution and fashion to the wind, we asked for a table for two and the two greeters, who could have stepped straight out of Keeping up with the Kardashians, welcomed us and we were led to a table near the back of the restaurant, blissfully away from the crowded bar area.I think my tolerance of the noise and crowds in here was helped by our slightly secluded position, slightly out of the epicentre of activity, but I was surprised at how the loud music was somehow less blaring and irritating than I expected. We ordered some poblano and cheese empanadas for a shared appetizer and I ordered "Street tacos" , a carne asada and  a slow roasted pork. My wife had some vegetable enchiladas.I found the food to be completely tasty, it didn't blow my socks off, but everything was enjoyable, particularly the empanadas. It was all very pretty too and the unusual lighting in the restaurant really gave the chips and sauces an unusually vivid colour. Where things become a bit iffy for me was the service - It was FAST (drink refills were some of the best I have ever seen), a little too fast. From the minute we sat down I had the feeling of being rushed through my meal. I'm not sure it was due to the fact that we were under-dressed, not ordering booze, just not trendy enough, or if they just wanted to shuffle people through quickly before the next movie session at Rave got out - our chips and salsa had barely hit the table before the empanada plate arrived. I'd literally just begun to chew the last bite of my first empanada when our main meals were trotted out - we felt a bit robbed of the leisurely munch on the chips, followed by shared appetizer while waiting for our meal. Within 20 seconds of finishing my food a waiter hurried up to begin stacking my plate and the appetizer plates while my wife was still halfway through her food. The whole experience lasted under forty minutes.Overall, Lolita's serves up some tasty and well presented fare in a not too obnoxious atmosphere. If they could ease of a bit on the apparent "speed dining" theme I'd consider this a very solid option on visits to Town Square - Prices were decent too.
4	Went there for the first time and we loved it. The decor is really neat. We just sat at the bar and the bartenders were very attentive, and good looking, both guys and girls! The lady bartenders payed attention to the lady patrons too which seems rare specially in Vegas since a malepart pays better to boobs... wouldnt do it different either! heheAnyways, we ordered top shelf margaritas, and they were really good, not sour at all which I hate sour. Im a sweet girl so I like it sweet *g We havent tried the food but it smelled REALLY good and the DJ was pretty good as well. LOVED the Hollogram of dancing chicks!!
2	Ate here after seeing a movie with my bf and sister.The restaurant itself is nice and big, and I liked the variety of booths and seating. The staff was friendly, but they had forgotten about us. They checked in with us only to grab our drink order, food order and to deliver the food. There were no extra check-ins to fill empty water glasses or refill chips and dip. Our waiter also failed to mention/suggest that it was happy hour.The tortilla chips were on the salty side, which I personally don't mind. But maybe it was just the batch. The accompanying salsa and black bean dip were both pretty good.The burrito can come traditionally dry or with a sauce, similar to enchilada-style. My sister got a braised short rib burrito with the sauce on the side. It also comes with a small mixed green salad. The burrito was pretty good.My bf got the nachos with chicken. These were pretty good too.I got the chile relleno. Unfortunately, I was disappointed. I was looking forward to cheesy goodness in the middle, but instead, it was filled with onions and asparagus and other vegetables.Overall, this place is alright. I can see it being a better place to hang out and drink, especially during happy hour. I don't think I'll be coming back for dinner anytime soon.
1	Bar none- worst service ever. I'm not a picky person, I understand that being a waiter can suck, so I try to not make it difficult. However, the staff at Lolita's need's lessons in: 1. Professionalism, 2. Time management 3. Basic manners 4. Service. The food was good,( to bad it was brought out by the WORST waiter ever). The story- husband and I were on date and faster a movie decided to check out lolita's. When hostess tried to seat us, there was only one chair, so my husband had to stand there until she borrowed one from another table, ooops akward. We then got chips quickly, and waited ten minutes for the waiter to show up. He was distracted, didn't intro himself, and pretty much acted like he was doing us a favor by standing there. My husband started to order, and then I waffled for literally three seconds over what I wanted to order, and the waiter clearly annoyed said, "oh sorry, I'll be back, I've gotta give a guy his check". Ok, that was a little rude. Why didnt he take care of that before coming to take our order?Well,  then I watched him proceed to go inside, gab with some bus boys, decide to print a check, give it to the customer, and refill other tables drinks, take orders, and forget us for another ten minutes. By this time, we haven't even gotten drinks.  Finally he graces us with his presence again, and admittedly a little snarky, I ask him if he is ready now? He gives me the B#%ch you will pay for that face, and takes our order. Goes on to serve the other tables, refills drinks and generally completely ignores us. Then brings our drinks. Doesn't say a word, sets them down, annnnnd never comes back. He instead continues to serve all the tables around us, blatantly avoiding ours, and giving me the stink eye. Our food comes out, no refills, no how's the food from him. And, of course, my food it cold, not just "sitting out to long" cooled down, but " I just took these out of the freezer cold". Yum. (on a side note, I Never send anything back, I think I'm pretty easy going) so I ask a passing server if they could just heat the tacos up? And can we get some refills? He was wonderful, sure no prob. Drinks refilled, food hot and very tasty. Our waiter still turns his back on us, and helps all other tables. My husband had to ask for the check when he was serving the table next to us. We got it and did not stay to wait the table for him to get the check, we would have been there all night.  Also, we were supposed to get a free dessert, and We were so pissed, we didn't even stay to get that. Complained to the manager, he comp'd dinner, normally I'd be like, oh that made up for it. Nope, that confirmed it for me, I am never going back, it wasn't worth the free meal. The little piss ant waiter with the stink eye and attitude did it for me.
4	Great drinks! Great bartender! Especially Anthony. But I gotta say, the dudes at the door are retarded. Why am I getting a lecture at the door about flip flops?! This is a bar in a mall for Gods sake! It's a Vegas local spot, not a club on the strip! Get over yourself!
4	A friend and I came here after work for a bite to eat and to catch up. Pretty decent menu selection and even better pricing when it is happy hour. We ordered several tacos which were $1.99 each and some calamari. We got some cocktails too. The staff was very friendly and I think the atmosphere was nice. Loved the fact that after we were full of food, the bill was under $15. Totally recommend for happy hour!
4	Great happy hour....super cheap AND most importantly tasty! I had the dynamite taquitos (beef taquitos with guacamole, chipotle sauce, and black beans) $3.99, beef tacos (beef tacos, with cilantro and sour cream) $3.99, and cheese nachitos $2.99.  The taquitos were fabulous and worth the price.  I loved the dipping sauces.  The beef tacos were awesome, but the portion was so tiny that it would only be worth it at $2.99.  The nachitos were eh, in my opinion, but worth it for the price because it was a bigger portion.  I also had a margarita for $5 which wasn't my cup of tea.  I'm not a heavy drinker and there was too much tequila in it so I couldn't even finish it.  I look at it as a con because I couldn't enjoy it.  It tasted like tequila and salt.  Other many see that as a pro though.
4	Following a tough (well, any) day at the office, this ultra-modern designed bar / restaurant is such a welcome find compared to the casino bars or local Mexican spots.  Happy Hour is fabulous with tasty small dishes and margaritas.  The staff is friendly and quick to respond to requests.  What's not to like - good food, drinks and service - in an easy in & out shopping center.  A great place to for guys to cool their heels while their partner enjoys their shopping..
2	The food was DISGUSTING!!!! Service was fantastic and the drinks were weak. Not really a place I would flock to with friends for lunch. Kind of a weird atmosphere. The couches on the patio are comfy though.
4	this is a new place in vegas inside town square that i love. the food is great and the margaritas aren't so sweet that you only taste lime juice. very tasty. i love going for happy hour where you get free chips, black bean dip, and salsa that are delicious. the food on the happy hour menu is tasty. i also suggest the street tacos on the main menu. not expensive. the bartenders are great, but some of the waitresses ignore you or are a little rude. that is the only thing keeping me from giving it 5 stars. it is a fun date place or even fun just to go with some friends.
4	This place was somewhat busy on a Saturday night.The crowd was mixed. Young. Old. Middle. Yea, it was mixed mostly people in their 20s and early 30s. Two bar areas. One on the side and one towards the back. The back bar is not as busy.. go there. There's also a very nice bartender with an awesome smile and personality! It made me feel very welcome. The waitresses are all very cute and wear cute "little" lolita type outfits. There is a dance floor with a stage. I looked and saw a go-go dancer... but I had to do another take.. but it actually was a dancer on a large screen. FOOLED ME.The drink I got was good. AMF. and they shake it up! Just the way I like it! Also, they had 2 dollar tequila shots. Woop woop. The decor was also very chic. Very clean. Simple. Modern. All in all. A good place to grab some drinks with your friends. Perhaps next time I'll try the food.
1	Let me start by saying I anticipating the opening of this restaurant and wanted to fall madly in love with it. Town Square needed a delicious Cantina and Tequila Bar and sadly.....this place gets two thumbs way down from moi. The only reason Lolita's is getting one star is for the cocktails. Other than that I have nothing positive to say about this place! Let me break it down for you.Decor/Atmosphere: Blah. The furniture and decorations appear very cheap and lacking style. Almost as if it was thrown together at the last minute. The interior designer should be fired. They also can't seem to get the lighting down either. The music was too loud for my taste, too. Food: Double blah. The salsa will usually set the mood for the rest of the meal and this left alot to be desired. Bland and too much of a sweet tomatoe taste. Secondly we had the mini quesadillas which tasted as if they were straight out of the freezer section at the grocery store and lacking depth in flavor. Lastly for my entree I chose the Carne Asada Plate which was just aweful. The meat was tough and chewy and had tons of grizzle. The black beans were bland as hell. Do you even think I felt like wasting another dime on dessert? No way, Jose. Service: Triple Blah!!! All I expect from servers is to keep my glass full, table semi-clean, and bring to the table what I ordered. Simple? For starters the drink I ordered was a Kettle-GingerAle and I was delivered a Jack and Coke. My guest also was delivered the wrong beverage. Then when it came to the food it took seconds for our appetizer which only confirms it was frozen and it felt like five years to get my beef jerky Carne Asada dish. The whole time the waitress had this blank look on her face as if she was lost. Needless to say I will not be back anytime soon and will not let any of my friends spend a dime or waste a minute of their life in this generic place.....Sorry Lolitas!
2	Very disappointed with Lolita's Happy Hour. Some co-workers and I had been looking for a fun, central place to do Happy Hour and settled on checking out Lolita's, based on (you guessed it) their advertised Happy Hour from 4-8pm. What they don't tell you is that Happy Hour ONLY consists of $5 well drinks, $5 house margaritas and miniature appetizers.  (Seriously, the Happy Hour tacos (five to a plate) are TINY, about the size of a thumb.)   Also, Happy Hour is confined to the bar area; it doesn't even extend to the patio!I understand that the place wouldn't necessarily discount the tequila drink menu. But they also don't discount the "specialty" drinks, i.e., the margaritas and martinis. Those drinks remain $10-12 each. Really???? REALLY?!?House margaritas are usually bad news, so I went off the regular drink menu.  I had one good margarita (something with pear and mint) and a TERRIBLE white sangria. It tasted like Alka-Seltzer. And there wasn't even any fruit in it. (Sad face.)  The service was ok -- they were busy on a Friday night but it took more than once to remind the waiter when we had ordered something. My Alka-Seltzer --err, I mean, white sangria -- took 30 minutes to come out.In this economy, Lolita's would do well to take notes from the Blue Martini and think about discounting their specialty drinks and beer during Happy Hour. Because for the $28 spent (two drinks and one Corona), I could've had four drinks and a beer at BM's Happy Hour. Sadly (and I say sadly because I wanted to like this place), I don't think I'll be back here again.
2	Lolita's Cantina  might be the newest hot spot in Town Square but in my opinion, it's not living up to the hype, with serious issues as regards atmosphere, food and customer service.I went there as part of a group of 20. The restaurant was empty, and we were expecting a bunch of tables pushed together. Instead, we were seated in an area with couches and stand up tables.Speaking as someone who's part Mexican, the "cantina" decor leaves something to be desired - since when did a wall of Tequila become enough to call a restaurant a "cantina"? Speaking of tequila, Lolita's promotes themselves as being a tequila bar yet they have no drinks menu available. What's that about?Onto the food. We ordered small bite appetizers during happy hour and boy were they tiny! The guacamole tasted like the avocado paste that comes in a bag from your local grocer's freezer. My dining companions agreed that the food was okay but nothing to rave about.And then that customer service - I ordered a $5 strawberry margarita, only to be told afterwards that it actually cost $8 because it's "flavored." Luckily, the bartender "cut us a deal" for $5 - an odd deal, seeing as it isn't mentioned anywhere on the menu that there is an up charge for flavored margaritas. There's that lack of drinks menu again, see?It's not all bad - as I said before, the holographic dancers are amazing! But the only way you could possibly get me to go back would be for this show alone. It's a shame that such a great venue seems to have been sloppily put together.
4	Stopped in for my friend's birthday. The service was good & the food was delicious! I liked the salsa & bean dip that were provided for free. Their guac was good, although a bit overpriced. I also got a steak taco which was pretty yummy.
4	i love it here. the food's good and the portions are huge. the waitresses are cute and nice and the music is good. super fun, will go back again and again
4	Our first experience at Lolita's was a DISASTER...blended Margaritas tasted like a 7-11 slushy....no flavor.    The on-the-rocks margarita tastedlike Vicks Vaporub mixed with water.....omg.The food was equally bad...my fish tacos had no cabbage and when I asked for salsa...they had none and I got some concoction which looked like ketchup and relish...unbeliebable.We had a party of six...late with chips and water....tasteless food.When I got home, I immediately e-mailed the restaurant with my complaints.The manager apologized and offered us another try.This time we went with only four people....it was a GREAT experience....good drinks...good food....great service.Apparently, the bartenders and waiters from the previous experience were either not properly trained or totally incompetent.This also holds true for the bartenders and chefs.But....they have redeemed themselves...we will go back again.I guess all new restaurants have 'growing pains', but they shoulddo a better job in training their employees.p.s.The decor is weird, but I guess they're trying to pull off some 'ambiance'thing I don't understand.
5	I dont know if some of the other reviewers were smoking the neighbours palm trees, but this place is fabulous. I love their food and their drinks, and their service is really fantastic. The barstaff is always superfun and easy to talk to and the drinks, happy hour or not, are always great, and strong.The strawberry margaritas (non frozen) are my FAVORITE together with the nachos, street tacos or Burritos.The Dj on Wendsday is fantastic and the whole bar transforms into a club, Fridays and Saturdays are the best nights as well to get your wooden shoes out and come outThe Happy Hour is one of the best food wise. I would go there every day if my liver could handle it :) LOVE the staff, decor and drinks
1	Worst service ever. Definitely will not visit again as the server did not know what beers were in stock, could not explain the happy hour policy and over-charged us on the bill.  Fail.
3	Met a colleague for lunch here this past week.  It was my first time visiting the place.  Located on the 2nd floor across from the Rave Movie Theater and opposite Cadillac Ranch, Lolita's is in a prime location of Town Square.They serve complimentary Chips, Salsa, and Black Bean Dip.  I'm not a fan of Black Beans, but it tasted pretty good.  The Salsa could have been more spicy.  After browsing the menu for a few minutes, I decided to go for the Carne Asada Nachos ($13.99).  I asked the waitress for really spicy Salsa on the side.After a short wait our food came out.  The Nachos were tasty, but they were really salty!  The Carne Asada was juicy and had good flavor.....but the Salty Chips overwhelmed any of the good flavors in the dish.  The extra Spicy Salsa I requested was very hot.....perfect!  Overall, it was a pretty good meal.....but it was just average to me.  It didn't leave me wanting more.Will I return?  Probably not.....unless a friend wants to meet here again.
2	Every beer I ordered was warm. yuck. The cocktails were good, but I only drink beer. The place was dead, and that wacky hologram of people dancing is cool for 20 seconds but the novelty runs out quick. Maybe it was the wrong Thursday night to go but meh. I've experienced better..
1	Bad service! I have been here a few times and it seems like the staff never knows what's going on. I have a Ladies VIP card which no one ever knows what it's for. One time when I came in the door they gave me a red ticket to use for my complimentary drink and the next time I asked if I needed the ticket they said no. I have been here maybe 4 times and they messed up my bill EVERY time. Even if it was just an appetizer and one drink. Not sure why I kept going back. The last time I went the first THREE beers I tried to order at the bar they were out of. Service is slow. Food tastes good, but nothing spectacular. I actually love the club music they play but it's a weird mixed-up place.
2	Place is very hit or miss! The location is great after a movie or shopping in the Town Square, the drinks and prices are just OK, the food is very bland nothing special at all, it just doesn't taste good thats all there is too it. One cool thing this place has is hologram performances on a stage however they allow the same show to run repeatably which gets annoying, I mean come on didn't a single manager here go to hospitality school? Only order things they require them to make it fresh like tacos and salads, anything like appetizers and burritos are simply pulled out of the freezer and dropped in the fryer, you will be able to tell by the taste and how fast the food comes out.
3	Happy hour 4-8pm and 10pm-midnight. At least, that's what the bartender said. Even he wasn't sure and had to check with another bartender. It also doesn't appear on my GoTime Happy Hours app, so I'll just have to take their word for it.That's the thing about this place. I'm a little unsure about it. The bartenders seem friendly enough. During happy hour, it's half price drinks, but they were unclear if it's everything or just well drinks or perhaps certain brands. I ended up ordering a Long Island, which was deemed to be happy hour qualified. The nice thing is that he served it in a pint beer glass, so I definitely got my $5 worth.I didn't stay too long. I was there for a birthday get-together. I had my Long Island and left. This place doesn't seem to get a lot of traffic, but I certainly wouldn't rule it out. If you happen to be here during happy hour, it's a good deal. I also noticed that they have a decent beer selection on tap.
4	I've been here plenty of times pretty chill laid back place to swig a few drinks before hitting up Blue Martini or Nu Sanctuary! Foods not bad I like their appetizers (chips and salsa) also the shrimp cocktail and calamari aren't bad...
4	I was a little scared to try this place, given the star rating.  But it's actually quite good.My friends and I went to see a movie and they wanted Mexican food and margaritas beforehand.  It's very close to the Rave theater so it is super convenient.The design of the place is actually kind of strange.  I guess they are striving for the nightclub vibe but it doesn't really work at 6pm.  You have to walk through a weird maze of stairs and ramps to get to your table.  I could see my party from far away but could not figure out how to get to them.  The hostess was nice and led the way.Once you get to the table, oh boy.  Hot chips, great salsa, free hot bean dip.  Happy hour was still going on (4-8pm) which was so nice.  Because of my work, I always seem to miss the normal happy hour window.  We shared an order of guacamole, which was really, really good.  And I got the carne asada burrito topped with pasilla chile sauce.  OMG, so tasty!  Just the way I like burritos - with beans, rice, sour cream, guacamole, cheese, salsa.  All shoved in there with some great carne asada.  The margaritas were ok - nothing to write home about.  At $5 a piece at happy hour prices, I guess I thought they'd be better.  But there is all you can drink margaritas from 9-10pm on Fridays!  Maybe after 6 or 7 margaritas I would change my tune.  Or not.  But it just wasn't gonna happen that night.Service was great.  Our server kept the hot chips refilled and was very attentive. At one point, our server was helping another table so we ordered more drinks from the person bussing our table.  The busser took our order graciously and got the drinks.  Afterward, the server came over to confirm we got all our drinks and actually overheard (and remembered) what we ordered from the busser while he was helping another table.  Spooky.I'll definitely be back to try more of their food. Maybe during a time when the "night club" scene is going on and there are "hologram dancers."  What the hell is that anyway?  Like Jem and the Holograms?
5	I don't know what it is about this place but I absolutely love it.  The food is amaze.  I have not tried anything there that I have't liked.  They have the best chips, salsa, bean dip and quacamole!  This is one of my favorite places to dine out at!
2	Mixed reviews for sure.  I've been here a few times, for various events and the only thing that has remained constant is BAD SERVICE.    Why would someone invest so much money to open a restaurant and then ruin it by hiring a bunch of idiots, who are Sloooooow and don't give a shit.   It baffles me.   Alot of people on here have dissed the decor,  but honestly I don't care about what it looks like if the food and service were good.Most of the food has been too spicy for me, but there are a couple of dishes that I LOVE (hence the 2 starts versus 1) The melted cheese and  chorizo appetizer is delish along with the soft tortillas they serve it with.  And the Lolitas Rice is a very good blend of rice and beans.  The little bean dip they serve with the chips is good too.as for the drinks, hard to say.  last time I went they were out of both ice tea and lemondade in the middle of the day.  The margaritas i've had there have only been OK, nothing special.the last time we went there was a party of 12.  they added 18% tip to our bill, which was good for the lazy slow waitress since we would have left her only a lump of coal. I honnestly hope they get it together, because the location is great.  Step it up people before you loose your investment due to an uncaring staff.
1	I was hesitant about coming here because of all the bad reviews but it was so close to the movie theater so I risked it. It was a risk that cost me a fulfilling dinner! My husband ordered the Carne Asada like usual. It was easy breezy until it came to my order. I wanted to try their Coconut Calamari ...it sounded good. I tried to place my order and the waitress said they don't serve it anymore. I'm adaptable so I ordered the Street Fish Tacos....the waitress comes back and said "We ran out of all seafood as of yesterday". I was irritated that they had nothing I wanted so I settled on the Short Rib Street Tacos. I noticed in other reviews (Holly C's) that they received free chips and salsa. We sure didn't ...I was thinking did they run out of that too! My Short Rib Tacos were really salty I couldn't finish it so I gave it to my husband. I needed a lot of water to get the salt taste out of my mouth but my water was never refilled so I drank some of my husband's soda. He gave me his rice while I was still waiting on my side of rice I ended up getting the rice later. The rice is good if it wasn't for the rice I would have left starving. I was still hungry so we decided to get some dessert. I wasn't happy with my chocolate dessert because it tasted really bland. I switched it with my husband's Tres Leche cake. It looked like cheese cake but it was better than what I was having. It was overall a disappointing experience. I also thought it would be really cool inside because their sign is soo cute. The decor lacks imagination.
2	One star for food and one for their awesome bartender Emmanuel who redeemed the offensive service I got here. I've came here twice and both times Emmanuel was working the bar-so friendly and personable! He's just an all around nice guy, likes to make sure everyone's having a good time. If I could've taken the tip back from our waiter and given it to him, I would've. He gave us more service in the 8 minutes we were at the bar than our "waiter" did in the 45 minutes we were at our table. I get it, not everyone likes their job every day. I don't like my job every single day! But when dealing with customers you pretend to like your job and don't make them feel like their presence is a burden. Our waiter didn't get that memo and his inattentiveness bordered on neglect. He came to our table three times, once to take our drink orders, food orders and then to bring the check. The way he asked if we wanted the check basically said "I want you to leave now." The busser came by more often than he did to see if we needed anything. This place isn't worth the time if you're coming from out of your way. If you choose to go for the simple fact that yard house is the cluster that it usually is, sit at the bar!
4	We've eaten here about 10 times so far. Our first visit was its opening week & the service was understandably poor but has gotten better every time we've returned. The food has always been excellent. The club-ish layout is definitely different, but that doesn't bother me. The last time we were there, we were shown their new holographic theater like that in the new Mob Experience. That must have been a pricey investment and is worth checking out. Lolita's is located upstairs in Town Square and has intimate, yet limited  outdoor seating. Lolita's is definitely recommended.
1	I never complain and this is the first reveiw I have ever written, but felt I needed to on this place.  Dont waste your time or money.  The food was terrible.  I ordered the shrimp burrito.  The shrimp were small salad shrimps very few in the burrito and the filling was cabbage.  Very expensive for a cabbage burrito.  My friends ordered street tacos and enchiladas.  All very expensive for what they got.  Margarita's were $10.00.  and very weak.  seems like we  paid $10.00 for margarita mix.  Lolitas seems mixed on what they are trying to do.  Mexican food/club.  Very strange mix.  We listened to house music while eating our dinner at 6p.m.  I was waiting for the waitress to offer us bottle service. The best part of the experience was the very friendly and nice waitress we had.  Service was good also.  I would not recommend this place.  I do not mind paying for a good meal, but this place surely did not produce a good meal for the price.
2	It's impossible for me to "meh" hard enough to get across the mediocrity of this place. They use margarita mix and lime juice that comes in a plastic bottle, which I think really communicates the level of "not trying-ness" here. I ordered sangria, which tasted the way those giant $3 jugs of wine in Smith's look. No fruit, just sickly sweet and cheap white wine on ice. This was offensive. The chips and salsa were good! Good enough to wash away that craptastic sangria.My friend ordered the empanadas for an appetizer, and these turned out to be cheez-whiz nonsense. Note to cooks: STOP putting cheez whiz in stuff. We're not a 48 year old overweight housewife in Nebraska; We don't eat canned cheese-product.I got the chicken tinga enchiladas, which had a good tomatillo sauce. It was pretty fresh and nom-worthy and I 100% ate both enchiladas. Boo to the dry rice and beans and shriveled, sad lettuce served alongside. Service was fine; the waiter was timid but was trying, which is all we can really ask for. Not sure what to make of the mexican rap playing from the Mac computer throughout dinner. Thank goodness I had good company.
2	Ok... so I'm torn on this place... it's Good in some regards and NOT in others.  And while I'd like to go back because our bartender was awesome... I'm not sure that I will.Sat at the bar last night to have a drink and dinner.  So, I can only vouch for the bar service portion of the place.The Good: - Bartenders are super friendly ... busy but friendly and very accomodating- Marc the bartender is AWESOME!- The Street Tacos... really tasty... the BEST one we had was the Ensenada style fish taco... Get it!  The fish is juicy and tender... the beer batter is super light and crispy- Complimentary chips, salsa and black bean dip... the chips were hot, crunch and had just the right amount of saltThe Not-So-Good:- They don't ...repeat... don't... have a drink menu. UM.... hello... don't you have any specialty margaritas that we can read about instead of having to grill the bartender about what's good?- Red Sangria tasted like fruit punch... no fruit floating in it and I couldn't taste the wine- We got there during Happy Hour time... but NO ONE... told us about it... we overheard that bartenders talking about it and the different prices for drinks during that time... but were we told so that we could take advantage?  Nope.- Cadillac Margarita is (as we found out by looking at the check) not part of Happy Hour specials... and while it was presented nicely... didn't taste like a Cadillac... nor was it served with the Grand Marnier shot on the side... which is my favorite part- Ceviche... 'eh'... it was ok... we got the sampler for $12... don't waste your money on it... get the Street Tacos- I think they were short a bartender and a cocktail waitress because Marc was crazy busy
2	Despite the fact that Lolita's had a bunch of mediocre reviews on here, I still had high hopes that we'd have an awesome experience there.... but alas, we weren't impressed.  We went here yesterday mid-afternoon, so it wasn't very busy, and opted to sit on the patio since it was nice out.  While we were the only people sitting outside, we were in clear view of the main restaurant and kitchen entry, so I figured we'd still get good service... but I was wrong.  The servers were nice but weren't very familiar with the menu and our original server went MIA for about 10 minutes after taking our drink order, and then other servers had to take care of us when we explained that she'd disappeared.  ????Here's what the food was like:-Chips, salsa, bean dip: pretty good, especially the bean dip-Queso appetizer: cheesy manchego baked with chorizo, which was decent but overpriced at $9 for a small amount of cheesy dip-Street tacos: tasty but nothing compared to the ones at Agave.  I also got a side of pico de gallo, which I later discovered they charged us $1 for (really? you're going to charge someone for 2 tablespoons of chopped tomatoes?)-Carne Asada Burrito: huge, but not as good as Chipotle.  it also came smothered in the red sauce my boyfriend requested to have on the side  ($13).  -Filled Churros with Dipping Sauces: mini churros, some filled with strawberry filling and some with a "mystery filling" of sorts, served with dulce de leche and raspberry dipping sauces.  These were yummy, but again, overpriced at $8 for a tiny portion of churros (equally delicious is the monster churro at the Costco food court...and it's $1).Also, the restaurant interior totally lacks ambiance -- I know it's a club atmosphere at night with lots of lights, but in the daytime, the space lacks interest and character.  Overall I wouldn't go back here... the food was tasty but overpriced, and there was nothing special about this place, though it has the potential to improve.  If you want good Mexican food, go to Agave in Summerlin instead :)
4	Came here last night for the 2nd time. I guess I forgot to review the 1st time. Well last night was really nice. We were there for the free Rock and Roll wine thingy.The hostess was real nice and directed us to the back where it was being held.Had a few glasses of wine and decided to give the food a try. I ordered the fish tacos..one grilled and one batter fried. They were both so good it was hard to tell which one I liked more.The chips/salsa/bean dip they brought out first was amazing. I am a sucker for fresh chips!Didnt have anything to drink this time but I remember that the drinks were good and strong the last time we were there. And they had a girl going around and pouring shots down all the girls throats and gave girls even more shots if they danced on the dance floor.I believe it was a Saturday for my 1st visit and the place was packed.It was much more mellow at the wine event thats for sure.
2	Went to Lolita's for the first time last night.  We actually wanted to go to Yardhouse but there was a line just to get your name on the waiting list. We checked to see what the other options were and thought we'd give Lolita's a try. We waited about 20 minutes just to get seated in a very cramped, uncomfortable table. We saw some friends walk in at one point and I made my boyfriend go get them because I was wedged in.  There were also 3 awkwardly placed booths to my left and facing us so I felt like I had an audience while I ate. It's pretty hard to screw up tortilla chips. First round were very stale, second round were chewy.  Chewy, soft tortilla chips. Yum?  Not.We ordered the empanadas and they were edible but small.  I definitely wouldn't order them again which is pretty much irrelevant since I wouldn't eat there again. I ordered the grilled veggie street tacos which were decent. I didn't hate them but I've definitely had better. The server was also about 2 stars. Pretty damn meh. Not very personable, didn't really seem to give a shit. Sorry, Lolita's. Nice try. A for effort, D for execution.
4	I went during happy hour with a friend. The food was good, they had some interesting sauces to go along with the taquitos. The server was friendly and fast. It was a great atmosphere.
4	This review is based on happy hour and appetizers. I had never been to Lolita's before, but was there because of a Rock 'n Roll wine tasting event. After sampling the wine, my friend and I decided to grab a bite to eat. We entered the main dining area and were immediately seated. Our server, Aidin, approached us and recommended that we try their happy hour menu since we still had 30 minutes left. While we waited on our order we got chips, bean dip and salsa. I thought the salsa was ok, but the black bean dip and chips were great. We ended up ordering the Mini Tacos and Dynamite Beef Taquitos. The tacos were truly "mini" but delicious! And we ordered a second plate. The taquitos were also really good and came with a few dipping sauces. Honestly, I am a little surprised to see how low the ratings are for Lolita's (I didn't look at them before I went.) Our waiter was great, the service was fast, and the atmosphere was fun. Overall the food was great and the happy hour pricing made it worthwhile.
2	Well I do want to say the service was very attentive and good. However the food was so bad. First the chips and salsa and bean dip was horrible. All 3 elements just bad. The meal I had was the quesadilla and my date had a burrito. We both ate half and agreed that while it had a good presentation, it lacked flavor and was blah. The drinks were really bad too, she had a white Sangria and I had a red; both very very weak and were more like a wine spritzer. The red especially should not be clear like cranberry juice. The place itself is not presented well for a restaurant and truly feels it is a club with tables. The menu is also very limited and they should have some sort of drink menu if it is also a "tequila bar"? So, too bad maybe I will try again if I start seeing better reviews and another Groupon available.
1	"If you can't say anything nice... come sit next to me because I'm thinking much worse." My friend said this while we were having dinner at Lolita's and I thought it fitting for this review.Food: Awful | Service: Awful | Atmosphere: OK ... I guessI'll start with the service by saying that our waitress did warn us that this was her first week so I won't trash her in this review.The food is the biggest issue I have with Lolita's. I decided to try the street tacos. Tacos being my favorite food. I got 3 different tacos: Carne Asada, Pork and Ahi Tuna. The pork was slightly better than the other two but overall this food is incredibly bland and not at all what I expect from a Mexican restaurant in the Southwest. Authentic my tookus. Salt is an amazing spice Lolita's, even a little will really bring out the flavor in your food. Even Roberto's carne asada is better. Even Chipotle's pork is better. The server did manage to find some really hot, hot sauce for me. That made the tacos slightly more enjoyable. I know I'm white, but I like a lot of heat.If you actually know and enjoy Mexican food, you will not like Lolita's. If you think Olive Garden is the pinnacle of Italian food then you might really enjoy Lolita's take on Mexican.
2	I have been here before and had a wonderful bartender with great suggestions and energy.  The food was worth the wait and the drinks made my knees week.  Went here last week and oh how things have changed. The energy of the place on this particular Friday night, was like a hospital waiting room.  Our bartender Anthony looked like it was his first day.  When I asked if the white or red sangria was the better choice, just to start conversation, he said "well what do you like better?".  I tried again with asking what appetizers were good and he looked like he would rather be someplace else and didn't have a suggestion to give.  I immediately turned to my friend to see if it was just me and he said "are you ready to leave?".  We had one drink and ran out of there.  There are too many great places to spend my money, I don't need to go here again.
1	Went here on a Friday night (3/25) during Happy Hour. Place was incredibly dead, which should've been a red flag. My husband and I had looked at the menu online prior to going in to make sure they had a pretty decent dinner/drinks menu. Arrived there and asked for a watermelon margarita and was told "nope we don't carry that anymore". So we I asked for a mojito. Again told "no we don't make those anymore". At this point I was a little turned off, and let the waitress tell me what they DID have. Finally decided on a house margarita which was part of Happy Hour for $5, apparently is normally $12. Margarita was not bad, but not something I'd certainly pay $12 for any other time. My husband decided on a bottle of Tecate which was $5 a bottle. Really?? The chips, salsa, and bean dip were pretty decent. About the only thing that was decent. We went ahead and ordered the appetizer platter, which had : coconut calamari, two mini tacos, two empanadas, two taquitos, along with 4 MYSTERY sauces. One of those sauces was supposed to be guacamole that looked like diarrhea! I wouldn't feed my dogs any of this crap. I sent the plate back barely touched. My husband and I both took one bite of each item and were horrified. How this place is still in business is beyond me. Coconut Calamari was disgusting! Where was the coconut and sesame seeds supposedly on it? The meat inside the mini taco's and taquito's were disgusting, no flavor whatsoever! The empanadas I haven't a clue what the heck was in those things.This place was pretty bad, and I'd never ever recommend it to anyone.
1	Horrible service!  Our drinks didn't even get refilled once.  Only saw our server about 3 times. Had to ask someone else to get our check cuz we waited forever and she never brought it.  Food was decent but you can go about anywhere else and get decent food AND good service!  I will never go back to Lolita's.
4	Celebrated a friend's birthday and had great food and service. Their Lolita rice is excellent. Great service by attentive waiter named Nathan. I would definitely return.
1	If it had ZERO STARS I would do that. We went here on a Saturday afternoon, pretty busy throughout Town Square and it was pretty empty inside. The only reason we finally decided to go in is because we had a restaurant.com coupon. Had we not had it I would've been UPSET to pay for mushy garbage.Ordered (don't order in other words) Chile relleno=sweet outer crust with a greeeezy inside of nasty who knows what. Edible, but not great. No heat, bland tasteless cardboard.Ahi Steak $20 -Overpriced for tasteless seared ahi tuna. It doesn't take much to make a delicious tuna steak, I've even conquered that at home. No taste no spice not even the seasame seeds had flavor. Street Taco-It was OK but not great. $4 too much for bland tacosSangria Blanca was excellent-only good thing thereI'd hate to hate on places but I want to warn people to not go somewhere and spend their hard earned money on bad food. In this economy going out is a special treat. I only review really great or really bad places.It's too expensive and dissapointing. It could have good potential because the concept is great.Stay away
1	I have never walked out of a restaraunt before, until now.After waiting over an hour we called over to Yard house and they said there was no wait so we got up out of our table and left. Heres why:It was Cinco De Mayo and we thought the place would be slammed, so I was expecting a wait. She said 20 min so we thought we were in luck. Waited at the bar (1 bartender on a mexican holiday...) and had a margarita, 45 min passed along with the hostess walking by us every 5 min or so. I finally went up to her at the desk and asked how much longer? Her reply "we couldnt find you and skipped you. I asked everyone at the bar if they were you" which was a blatent lie as we sat at the bar (uncrowded) the whole time and watched her go by again and again making eye contact as we were hoping each time it was to get us. Nevertheless she said "your next then." Ok fine, so 15 more min go by and she finally comes exasparated as if we were a problem to her and sat us to an un-set table in the back. She herself came back with plates, water and menus. 5-10 more min someone brings chips but doesnt ask for drink or anything. 10 more min we have drank our water and ate most of the chips (hungry!) as we had been there for well over an hour by now and still have yet to even see a waiter. A waitress comes to the table next to us and attempts to take their order and we observe her stop them mid sentance and walk away holding up the 1 finger as if to say "1 moment" I couldnt believe what I was watching. A busboy walks by and I grab him and ask if we have a waiter back here, he looks shocked and just turns and walks away, no response.So we got up after spending an hour and forty-five min there and just left, no one even noticed or said goodbye. No wonder they were not slammed on cinco de mayo...Another note is we walked right in to yard house and had a great quickly served meal. Thanks for nothing but waisting my time Lolitas.
1	Odd decor worst service...happy hour is not 50%  off as per the phone we need to the restaurantand yelp.  And if you ask the waitress about that She will ignore you and then throw a check at you.  We complain to management and we got a coupon for 20 percent of our next visit... lowes coupons went into the trash never visiting again
2	Not the best Mexican food ever. Not the best service. The outdoor seating was a great atmosphere though. The prices are okay but a little high for the quality. I had the Chicken Burrito. I said I was VERY allergic to tomatoes and onions and repeated it about 4 times. Instead the burrito came solo on the plate, no sides, and no cheese or sour cream inside (as the menu described) ($13) and about 1/2 way through my stomach was cramping, I cut open the entire burrito and I realized there were tiny white onions mixed into the white rice. The waitress was no where to be found until  25 mins later she brought the check and I mentioned the onions. She did not offer to remake it or bring anything else. I went to the bathroom to "fix" my stomach. After seeing me looking disgusted they comped my check but I was still hungry and was irritated, that there was no apology or offer to remake the food. My lunch companion liked her enchiladas and atmosphere but I don't think we will be going back.
1	I always feel extremely guilty for giving one stars out, but this one (unfortunately) really *does* deserve one star. I've never experienced worst service in my life in a restaurant industry, as well as being deceived by the menu entirely.Our waiter didn't care to introduce his name to us, so the whole time I had to call out to him, it was more like, "Hey, you there!" We ordered our drinks first, which mind you weren't that bad (their Sangria Blanca was actually pretty tasteful), but it took us between 15-20 minutes just so we can get our drinks. Our waiter was obsessed with constantly refilling our waters and giving us more napkins than possible. On top of that, he didn't card us. Any of us. We immediately noticed that, and one of our friends shy of her 21st was able to get a drink without getting carded. A little brave of me to say, but that alone was my indicator that the waiters here apparently weren't trained efficiently enough by the management, thus a lot of the poor service *is* because of management themselves. Lolita's would have been given two stars, but for that, it deserves one.One of my friends wanted to order from the kid's menu because she wasn't that hungry and wanted something small, and the server denied it. He then later came back and said it was okay to, figuring he discussed it with his manager and figured he would get a better tip if he was a little more catering. For a "Mexican" cantina, the food wasn't anything special.We requested seats outside, to which we were under a speaker and they turned the music up to an uncomfortably loud level. Try not to sit near the speakers, our conversation was impossible to have.I really do hope Lolita's goes under some sort of renovation with its management, because if waiters aren't carding people, that's obviously a huge problem that needs to be fixed. I think the place would have a lot more potential if it designed itself around a Mexican cantina theme and made their food a little more authentic.
5	This place has great food and drinks and service. Always very consistent and excellent!!
1	Not sure why it's called a cantina. The bar had 8 different tequilas. I asked the Bartender why they didn't have the shelves stocked and her reply was they were cutting back on tequila?????I ordered a burger that was advertised as a 1/2 pound burger. I ordered it and to be cooked medium rare.Well, when the burger was delivered the patty of mystery meat appeared to have been 1/4 lb at best before cooking, surely not a 1/2 lb burger and it was cooked well done. This was our 2nd time dining and it will be our last. From the looks of the selection on the shelves and the fact that we were the only one's there for lunch they appear to be another doomed restaurant. excuse me Cantina
3	I don't normally come to Town Center, with its imported fountain water and astroturf Disney-ness ruining everything good in life, but the only place we could catch a movie was their Cineplex and we stopped in here after the Yard House there was filled with an hour+ wait.  I don't get where the hate is coming from for this place, having had a nice (potent as hell) margarita and good food for $20 a person.  The atmosphere suggests that after 8 it becomes a club, or something, but before it's rather fast and cheap.
2	Not quite what I had in mind, although when I saw the words, "Contemporary Mexican" outside that should have set me straight. The chips, salsa and bean dip were very good although we could have used some more salsa and dip to finish the chips. We each had a house margarita, ehhh, not too good, syrupy sweet taste. I had to wait for the ice to melt in mine first. I ordered the shrimp burrito...$14 for an ala carte burrito? It was okay, small for the price. GF had some enchiladas, same thing, not a lot on the plate for the price. Overall the place just felt sort of weird, we won't be back.
1	I went to this place after seeing some adverts for it at the gym and it looked pretty cool in the ad but man was I wrong.The service was the absolute worst. They seated me and my 3 friends at the back corner of the restaurant, near the kitchen door when the whole place was empty. I asked them to please move us to a table closer to the windows and the server was very annoyed at this request.After we were seated, it took about 15 minutes for someone to take our drink order and when we finally got them, they were watered down, little to no alcohol. At $10 a drink I was expecting something with more kickI am a regular vistor to the town center area and I usually have a great time in that vicinity. Skip this place and hit up Blue Martini or Yard House instead.
1	I don't think I have ever walked out of a restaurant before.....so this is a first.  We were looking for a good happy hour in the Towne Square area and found that Lolita's offered one and since we had never been there, we decided to give it a try.  We walked in, found a table near the bar and sat there.....for about 15 minutes.  The restaurant was NOT busy, the bartender was chatting it up with the only other 3-4 people in the bar and the servers kept walking by our table without stopping or even acknowledging us.   I think there was a manager there as well who was putting a couple tables together and he never acknowledged our presence either.  We were never offered a drink or a menu....for 15 minutes!!!!  So, sadly we got up and left and found another place for happy hour (which turned out to be great).  I don't think I will ever go back.
2	At Town Square to see a movie Friday and the only place that didn't seem too crowded was Lolitas. We go in and were told the wait was 20 to 30 minutes even though there were several empty tables.We told the hostess we're waiting for a movie to start and we'd wait. She then said, ok I can get a table for you. Ordered tacos but they forgot to bring the rice and beans. When we mentioned it to them, they actually brought a plate of rice and beans in a plate while handing us the check.Food was ok, can be pricey for very small portions and very close to the theatre so if there's time to kill while waiting for a movie and everything else is crowded, then Lolita's is the place.
4	I disagree with anyone who's dissed this restaurant. First off, thank goodness for Town Square. Yes it's busy, and for great reason! It's a veritable escape from the craziness of the strip without driving all the way to Green Valley or Summerlin. Second, I've dined at nearly all the restaurants in the area and Lolita's, by far, has the best food. I'm a sucker for a great margarita, tasty salsa, and perfectly baked chips...they have it all and more! Not too salty, not too much sauce, just wonderful food.
1	After looking up "The Worst Restaurants in Vegas", I found Lolita's. My friend also had a $50 gift certificate, which the person who gave it to him, must really have ill wishes towards him in life.  Wow! I now understand why people dislike Lolita's so much! When entering the place, I thought the hostess (a nice sweet girl who seemed like she had already checked out of the place the first time they went under and probably laughed inside at about what we had yet to experience) looked decent and sane enough to trust that if it was really that bad, she wouldn't work there.  The environment was much less than exciting and there was zero music playing. While being seated at the least desired table in the room (actually it was in the bar, not the dining area) I looked to my right and noticed the fleet of idiots with their laptops and cellular's out. I didn't realize that Lotia's doubled as a convention overflow hangout. Our waiter came up to grab our drink order, I was already not in the mood to have any booze in my system, thinking that I wanted to run out the doors rather than spend one more minute in that place. (Free or not!) It didn't take too long for my friend and I to realize that the owners and staff took this place as a complete joke. This was confirmed when, what looked like the owner, came somewhere out of the back very loud and completely unaware that he was rudely interrupting his guests dinners. The "owner looking" guy joined the rest of the group who were clearly working so hard on their laptops and conversations with future clients, beginning each conversation with, "Oh my God!" or "Like,,,sooo".  What I was wondering the entire time we had come in was actually true, the group in the front of the restaurant were employees of the restaurant.  Our server was nice, took our order, brought it out in a timely fashion and made sure our drinks were well taken care of. The salsa was hardly flavorful, and definitely not spicy.  The guac was great. The steak burrito that my friend ordered looked like a burrito that one would order at Qudoba only nowhere as close to the quality of Qudoba and with less steak and the chili relleno, that I ordered was stuffed with multiple ingredients and had three different sauces poured over it.  The rice and beans, chili rellenos, and salsa all had the same sweet, unflavored taste. It all tasted the same, not bad but not worth the price, not like Mexican food and certainly not contemporary. There is a phenomenal contemporary Mexican restaurant in Denver, CO and it's called Tamayo. (Located on 15th and Market, downtown). Perhaps Lolita's should take a lesson from this restaurant. The cuisine was confusing and there was zero atmosphere. The atmosphere was only the employees, owners and marketing team chatting to one another on how to make their "third chance" work. Jesus H. Christ! Do you think you, Mr. Owner man, you should really be running a restaurant considering you've already been given multiple chances at being successful?  If you need to have a business meeting and have to do it in the restaurant, think twice and maybe try doing it out of the sight of your guests.  You know, the ones who pay the bills... or I guess, in this case, they aren't paying the bills.
2	For a Friday night the place was empty. Service was great but drinks were way over priced. Live DJ was promoted but after 2 songs he left out the door... not what I expected for a Friday night but still had a good time with my friends.
2	What to do on a rainy Sunday afternoon ..... I know let's go to Town Square and watch a movie.... grab a bite to eat. Hence the reason we ended up at Lolita's.We were the only people in there which you would think would mean fast service. Not so much! We ordered a couple of drinks and a couple of appetizer's ..... I don't have anything negative to say about the food other then it was meh! We ordered the taquito's and nacho's..... I am not a cook by any stretch of the imagination and I could have made a better meal! We left the establishment less then impressed, probably won't be doing an encore visit.
5	I have no idea why this restaurant has such low reviews....  I came here after seeing a movie and had such a great time!  Being from Los Angeles, we have our fair share of Mexican places and wouldn't normally stop here - but we had two Groupons to use while on a recent trip here and we decided to give it a try.We were seated on the patio and promptly greeted with a bowl of warm and salty (in a good way) chips with salsa and black bean dip.  We ordered the "Adios M.F.'er"  (their version of a Long Island - but electric blue in color thanks to the addition of blue curacao) and a Mojito to start our experience.  Both were made expertly by our super friendly and attentive waitress, Amber.    (Seriously - she ROCKS.  Friendly, attentive, and professional.)  The drinks were OUTSTANDING.  The menu seemed fantastic and complete - with everything from traditional appetizers to salads to combination plates and fajitas.  The one thing that stood out to us was GRILLED fish tacos (made with your choice of either red snapper, ahi tuna, or shrimp).  We opted for the snapper - WOW.  Just Wow!  Delicious - especially with the crema and a squeeze of lemon.  More drinks followed.  We could order any of the mojitos made with any seasonal fruits, so we tried both mango and raspberry flavors - and another couple Adios M.F.'ers!  We had such a great time chatting, sitting outside, and the food.  Without hesitation, we WILL come back to Lolita's next time we're in Vegas.
3	Can I really review a place where I spent less than 30 minutes and had just one drink? Well, when then drink was tasty, the bartender was very nice, and the decor was surprising (er, not what I was expecting), I suppose I can and am.We stopped by Lolita's late one weeknight for a drink. The place was pretty empty and there wasn't really anything going on. I have to admit that the poor reviews had kept me away. Upon walking in, it was not at all what I was expecting. It was small-ish with a very modern and hip decor. Black tablecloths covered the high tops in the bar area. (Tablecloths on bar tables? Neato!) The bar itself was trendy and inviting. Though, admittedly, the atmosphere was a bit lacking as there was just nothing happening.The bartender welcomed us immediately. After asking for drink menus, we were informed that they were going through a renovation or whatever and didn't have a drink menu at the moment. However, he did list off several tasty sounding margaritas and mojitos. He had my heart at "coconut margarita". And that coconut margarita was delicious!To further outdo himself, avocado ice cream was mentioned by our group during conversation. The bartender then disappeared and re-appeared with a complimentary bowl of just such ice cream. Now that is some nice service.It's pretty hard to really judge the place just based on one drink, but I was certainly enticed enough to want to come back here earlier in the evening for a full experience with food and everything.
3	good environment, the service was ok. the food was great!
2	This review is based on the restaurant only. We did not experience the so called "club". We arrived and were seated immediately. Good. The decor of the place was OK. Was much smaller than anticipated. The lighting was alright and we were given a choice of sitting inside or outside. The stage area was covered up and looked somewhat drab. TV's were around with the football game going but I didn't see anyone watching it. (too small to see what was going on). We waited a while for a server before the hostess finally came up and told us that they were 'shorthanded' today and she would be serving us instead. OK. When asked for recommendations from their somewhat limited menu she was unable to give any. We were given a bowl of chips along with some black bean dip and salsa. I did not like either. I felt they were somewhat bland and unauthentic for a Mexican Cantina. We ordered some enchilada's $13 (which only came with beans mixed with rice) smothered in sauce, and a burrito which was super messy and came with NOTHING else $12, and a chicken finger kids meal $6 which was only chicken and an ice cream. Soft drinks were $2.50 each and a side of guacamole $3. (Total Check was around $45). The meal was sub par and bland. Would have rather paid $20 for a meal at Chipotle but wanted to give this place a try despite bad reviews. So, the manager "dressed unprofessionally in plaid' offered to take our payment from us and overcharged us. When we complained he came back and said it was canceled and RECHARGED us again. Then he apologized again and said he had to do it one more time. (20 minutes waiting for this guy to fix our messed up check). Was not happy with this service and by this time we wanted OUT! Will I return? Nope. Better, cheaper, food was right across the courtyard at Cana or Cadillac Ranch or even Yardhouse. But I guess you can decide for yourself.
1	Is Lolita's Cantina & Tequila Bar still in business?  Tried to go there twice this week (Wed around 12:30pm and Friday at 6:30pm) and the doors are locked and sign states that they are closed.The website states that their hours of operation are:Restaurant Hours:Sunday - Thursday - 11:30am-10pmFriday - Saturday - 11:30am-10pmBut clearly they are not following the posted hours. :(
3	I've been here twice and the food has been fabulous both times. I've always brought restaurant.com coupons too and they work out great with the prices. The decor is definitely lacking- And by lacking I mean nonexistent. The vibe is um, strange... My friend said she felt like "It was run by vampires". That may sound extreme, but I kind of understand what she meant. The service is good but the atmosphere is a bit strange. The second time I went, there was no ice so we were given bottles of cold water. The table cloth was not clean (and there was hair on it). Fortunately the multitude of napkins to cover it made me feel a little better and I was still able to enjoy the great food. I'll be back; I really loved those little tacos.
1	FAIL
1	bad service, bad food. Everything was so bland. Dont go here. Everything is expensive too.
1	They're closed.  No wonder.  don't let me get started.... o.k.  I'll start.   they tried to hard to be something they were'nt.  Gormet Mexican.   i have isssues with foo foo mexican off the bat, but the vibe was more sports barry, so thoe whole thing was a mess.  Closed?  Not surprised.
