5	After taking a huge hit to the pocketbook last summer for the SRP bill, plus after attending the Home and Garden Expo in January, I decided to take action and look into getting some sunscreens on the house. Coming from a family of contractors, I know the questions to ask, and the websites to search (AZRoc, etc). After already getting bids from 4 other companies, Christan (CC) was the last contractor to come and give me a bid on 6 sunscreens and 2 rescreens of our security doors. Christan did not just come to give us an estimate and take half ass measurements. She took EXACT measurements, right down to the 7/8 of an inch. Said that if I was still getting estimates, to just give the businesses the measurements so I could get a quote over the phone. WHAT COMPANY DOES THAT!? Here, use my measurements and save the other companies the time and gas of having to come out. I think it was at that moment, I knew I would probably be going with CC Sunscreens. When it came to the door screens, I opened them so she could get measurements. Right off the bat, she stated that they only had frames in the 1inch size. Every other company said they could rescreen these doors, without even opening the doors and looking at the size frame were needed. But stating that all their screens had 1 inch frames. Makes me curious if I would have gone with another company, what would have happened with the door screens. $262.00 for 6 sunscreens using Textilene 90%. The sunscreens were installed yesterday. But I don't think Sunday installations are a regular thing - playing catch-up for their customers due to their install truck being totaled a few weeks ago. I didn't mind the few extra weeks wait seeing as I had not given them money yet. I knew I'd get my screens sooner or later. And thankfully Mother Nature cooperated and it stayed unseasonably cool for those few weeks! We love the results of the sunscreens so much, I called them hours after the installation. We noticed that big of a diffrence. We scheduled an appointment for tomorrow to get a bid on the remaining 3 windows, all north facing.   I look forward to seeing a cheaper SRP bill this summer! :)
5	I recently had sunscreens installed in my entire  home by CC Sunscreens....i did research and found CC had the best prices...Carl the owner was amazing....he came to measure the day after i called.  He answered all of our questions.  He gave us a great price and in less than a week the screens were professionally installed.  The screens are not only of the highest quality - they look great and make our home look brand new.  We noticed an immediate difference in the coolness of each room -   and we look forward to saving on our energy bill too!  We cant thank CC Sunscreens enough -   They are simply the best!
5	I had sunscreens put on two houses in Peoria, AZ area (I am landlord).  Very responsive (got estimate within 24 hours), best pricing (I got a few bids) and did a great job.  I'm impressed. I'm glad to do business with family owned shop.
5	Took 5 bids, and their price beat all.  Excellent price - Excellent service on my entire house's windows and sliding doors.  And when I had a problem with one of the sliding doors a couple months later the guy came out no problem.  Excellent customer service, too.  Great company!OK, let me be more honest;  I had the flu over Xmas, but heard tax credits were to be had if you booked before the end of the year.  So, I druuuuug my ass out of bed, made calls and saw people (from a polite distance cause I'm not that much of a pig) and chose C&C.  Never regretted it and never looked back.
3	I have mixed reviews about CC Sunscreens.  They had the best price out of 3 quotes.  In fact, they beat the second best offer by 17%.  They also were fairly good with customer service.  They either answered their phone or returned VM promptly.  I had a few concerns.  First, when CC came out to measure, she didn't bring a ladder.  Luckily my house is a single story, but I had to loan her a step latter to get her measurements.  Secondly, the installation truck was broken down, so my install was delayed by a week.  Third, the installer who came out said it was the first time he had installed window screens.  Fourth, we have 2 quarter shaped windows that were built to the wrong size FOUR times.  This was probably due to CC not being able to reach the windows when she did the initial measure.  The last iteration of the screen is close, but still off by an inch in the curved portion which you can see from the inside of the house.  Fifth, SRP offers a rebate for window shades and CC told me to fill out the paperwork and she would submit the form.  I did as she asked and 4 weeks later receive the form back to me in the mail with instructions to send it into SRP.  Thanks for taking care of that one.  I think that ultimately you get what you pay for and I should have just paid the extra money rather than going with CC Sunscreens.
5	I hate the freaking sun and that it beats down my house all the time.  Thanks CC, I don't have that problem any more, I have a lower power bill too. Holly crap CC I think I'm in love.
4	Came over to take measurements for sunscreens. The guy made a few mistakes, and didn't order the correct things. Spoke to the headquarters with him, and we agreed on a reasonable adjustment. I still paid more than I had to because of the guy's mistake, but I'm very happy with the sun screens, and think they did a good job.It's been at least a month though, and I haven't received my rebate yet from SRP.
5	If you want to work with a great company and great great service, look no further.Our 16 year old home needed new sunscreens and I had no idea who to call, so I went on yelp and found great reviews for this company.  I called and hey set up a free consultation and measuring of windows.  Seth came out and was extremely professional and kind.  NOT PUSHY, just informative.  He gave me a quote and went over all our options and even told me about a SRP rebate that I did not know about.  They said 10 days for manufacturing, but it was only 7.  The screens were installed yesterday by Steven and hey look great.  I am  hoping for some energy savings as our old ones were pretty bad.I would highly recommend this company to anyone and everyone!
5	Our kitchen bay window in our new home faces east.  Boy did it get hot in there in the morning!  I got 2 other quotes for sunscreens, and CC Sunscreens came in as much as $75.65 cheaper. And they were installed a day sooner than promised!  CC Sunscreens is a no-brainer. Don't bother going anywhere else!
5	What an outstanding company CC Sunscreens is. I got several quotes from companies to put sunscreens on my windows and got the best deal from CC Sunscreens so I went with them.Long after the work was done my HOA brought an issue with my sunscreens to my attention that I had noticed prior but didn't make a big deal about it and was going to live with it. My HOA told me I needed to fix the issue or they would not approve the sunscreens even though they were already on the window and had been for a long time.I called CC Sunscreens and spoke to Seth and he came out and looked at the issue and said it was a mistake they made and they would rectify it at no charge even though I offered to compensate them some way since it had been so long ago.He declined my compensation and made and installed new sunscreens that will allow me to get HOA approval.They went WAY ABOVE AND BEYOND to take care of me and correct their mistake and couldn't be happier with their service.THANK YOU!!!
4	We found CC Screens at the Home & Garden Show in June, 2013.  They set and kept all appointments. Their Sales Representative was professional, and clearly provided sizings for the windows at a competitive price.  After, meeting with several other companies, also from the Home & Garden Show, we selected CC Sunscreens. We were promised the screens would be ready by Friday of the next week, which they were.  We received a call to install on Friday at 5pm, and we adjusted our plans to accommodate.  The Installer did not show up for installation until 6:45pm. We cancelled the install.  We worked back through our Sales Representative, and, were able to come to a reasonable compromise, and will have the solar screens installed.  This company works hard to give their clients what they need, and to assure you will have a long term relationship!
5	Seth came and gave a good estimate and install screens within a week. Super friendly and right on time
5	Seth was great. Came out on a Saturday and was flexible about moving the times around to fit our schedule. We thought the price was very reasonable. Product looks great. Took about a week to make and install. We're SO glad we put the sunscreens on. Completely cuts down on the direct sun that comes into our home. So far, temps feel a little cooler during the day, interested to compare utility bills this summer. We like the product and think CC Suncreens service was great.
5	CC sunscreens was very easy to work with.  I made a couple different changes on the number of windows I wanted to have covered.  Regardless of my changes they were quick to call me back and to come back out to the house to make additional measurements.  They installed all of the screens within 2 days of me giving them the green light!  I never expected it to be that quick.  Screens look great and they definitely work.  Did I mention I was able to get all of the windows I wanted for about 25% less than the other companies who came out to the house?  Great experience!
5	Very Pleased!They were very fast, a little mix up with size of a screen but no worries they made the correction in  a day or two! I would highly recommend this company they didn't ask for a dime until job was finished! The price was best price I found as well. It was around 470.00 for 90% and 12 screens. Average size windows in glendale arrowhead around 65" one was 47" and a small bathroom window. Again, I would recommend them fast, reasonable, good workmanship, and professional.
5	A year ago, we met with every sunscreen vendor that had a kiosk at the Home and Garden show, and decided upon three vendors, including CC Sun Screens, to come to our home for an estimate.  At the show, the CCSS staff were very thorough in explaining our options and applicable rebates from SRP, and their pricing was slightly more affordable than the other vendors. I appreciated that they were not aggressive in any way, rather, they presented information and answered questions in a factual manner.Within a span of two weeks, they had come out to measure our 2,800 sqft home and installed nine shades that fit great and matched the framing color perfectly. A year has since passed since the install, and the fit and finish of the screens looks as great as they day they were installed.  We won't hesitate to contact them to finish our rear sliding doors this winter once the backyard renovation is complete, and they've earned our referral for anyone that asks about sunscreens.
5	Great service terrific quality. I was able to set up my appointments for the days that I wanted. Cheapest rates I found in town. 16 windows of various sizes plus a sliding glass door for well under $1000. I would recommend CC Sunscreens to anyone.
