5	Just hit this place while on business in the area -- glad I did!  Started with the queso dip with chorizo - not great for my figure but always a guilty pleasure - nice flavor, chips were warm and salty. Yum.I went with the ancho crusted pork chop after asking for a recommendation.  It was exactly what I wanted.  Sauce had a little heat, just right -- the slaw was interesting, definitely different than the slaw you're used to in NC - I actually plan on trying to copy it - but you might want to take a pass if you don't like cilantro.  All in all, a great place.  Next time I'll skip the queso and save room for tres leches!
3	Driving on Central, hungry, and wanting to try something new. Spotted Loco Lime and decided Mexican food would hit the spot! Colorful, yet warm tones make the atmosphere.We were seated promptly. However, it took a few minutes too long to be greeted at our table. Salsa and chips were good! The food came out fast, but our server was not too attentive. We ordered a veggie burrito ($9) and a combo patter ($7.50) of a shredded chicken enchilada with green sauce and a cheese chile rellano. The chicken did not come shredded, but in pieces. The chile rellano was high in batter, but too soft on the inside. I wouldn't recommend getting it. The portions were large and we left full.They share a bathroom and one of the stalls was out of toilet paper. Not fun. Good thing the patrons are friendly and more than willing to help a girl out. Once I told the server about the issue in hopes to spare another woman in distress, but she quickly said something about knowing this already, but waiting on a key or something. Not too concerned. Not sure what that was about, but if you can't find a way to fix the problem, at least get a paper to put on the stall as a warning. This is a mixed review. The food was fair, but not crave-worthy. However, the chips and salsa made the meal. The staff were average on the friendly scale, but didn't make the experience worthwhile.
3	Both times my boyfriend and I have eaten here, we have really enjoyed the food and they definitely give you plenty of it.  I've eaten their Arroz Con Pollo (cheesy and delicious) and the barbacoa authentic mexican tacos.  The chicken dish was great!  Perfectly cooked rice, shredded chicken, peas, and tons of cheese.  Yum!  The tacos were okay, but I wouldn't order the barbacoa again if given the choice.  The meat was pretty greasy and when I picked up my taco to eat it, the bottom kinda fell apart into a greasy pile.  Not so great.  The best thing I have eaten here is by far the tostada appetizer.  It's listed on the app menu, but the portion is definitely enough for a meal.  We had them made with carnitas and they were soooooo good!  Chopped pork, honey cumin cilantro slaw, veggies galore, all ready to put on top of a crispy corn tortilla round.  Very good and probably what I will order next time.  Their menu consists of all the usual Mexican faves, with several veggie items too.  The food is slightly overpriced, but I feel like they make up for it in portion size.
3	The Loco Lime is not very loco or very lime.  It is an amazing space, it has an industrial feel, outdoor seating, chips and salsa and tequila.  What more could you want?  The downside, it kind of had a corporate vibe.  We were told to try the jalapeno margarita, we did.   It was good, but nothing to sing about.  We ordered a chicken sandwich to start, we shared that and didn't want to order anything else.  Meh, I've experienced better, it was fine. I would go back, but not anytime too soon.
5	Good Mexican food, cheap but not gross. I've only been for lunch and enjoyed the items I've tried. Recommend the chopped chicken salad and the veggie tacos are super. Service is good or great (ask for Tammy). Haven't had any Margaritas yet although I hear lauren c. is buying.
3	Not a bad place but not a great place either; i'll give it the benefit of the doubt as it IS new and may be going thru growing pains...in a nutshell:decent portions but average food...GREAT chips/salsa/BAD margaritas ( tasted like they got the mix at Big Lots and used Aristocrat, no taste at all)...service decent but not great....bar area if it gets busy is REALLLLLYYY slow..interior is cool....They're gonna have to step it up if they want to last there:...they're surrounded and attached to (COMMON HOUSE) places that are priced similiarly and have great service/atmosphere/food/drinks...plus if you're game theres plenty of AUTHENTIC places to get REAL mexican grub (tacqueria la unica is about 1/2 mile away)..hope they improve
2	This is a 2.5 star review. Bistro tex-mex. Ain't it grand?The booths are comfy, the interior is chill and low-light, service varies from great to distracted, and the menu is huge (including a large-ish Veg selection, plus their open-mindedness about subs and alterations). But being as huge a fan of the mexican flavor set as I am, it hurts my soul to see it bandied about, willy-nilly. At least they aren't claiming to be "authentic", as some other high-end places in this town declare - Mexican inspired is pretty accurate.So I get my order of veggie enchiladas with tomatillo salsa and, although its interesting, there's so much happening in my mouth that with every bite, I'm scratching my head a little harder. To start, they use the same veg mix in all their vegetarian dishes - a finely shredded mix of shrooms, zuch, sweet plantains, pepper. Corn, even. Things are cooked down to an unrecognizable pile of whatever. Too sweet. Pair that with a very carefully opposite of hot green sauce and super mild queso fresco, and you've got the idea - there's no bright, interesting ooomph to tie the dish together, and it needs it, badly.Other stuff I've had makes me think I'm eating a Big Mac (yeah, its been a while, but still)- the plantain side "salad" is too much, too sweet, 15 flavors all at once that collide and become gastronomic mush. There's sugar, or sweetening agents, in so many things here. Rice, even. Sheesh.They did make me a torta con huevos y queso, no arguments, although it wasn't on the menu. It was tasty and messy - reminded me of Chicago style rather than NY. The salsa is bland, but the chips are perfect. They have a jalapeno margarita (6$) that is probably the spiciest thing on the menu (but isn't, really).
3	bottom line mexican food for white people too scared to go to a taqueria . every entree is 2 dollars more than it should be , but that said the flavors were fine . salsas were nice and smokey .
4	Don't be fooled!  This place serves awesome food and drinks!  I'm very picky and was pleasantly surprised.  I definitely will be going back.
4	It was the perfect location for what a few friends and I have deemed $20 Tuedsay.  This is the same night that they run their all you can eat taco special.They have six choices of meat fillings for said tacos and you can also go with either corn or flour tortillas.  You get your first four with a side of rice and refried beans.  (I would like to just try fried beans once to see if I am wasting my time. - Mitch Hedberg)Now, being of a svelte nature, all-you-can-eat deals are usually wasted on me.  But at $7.50, I still felt like I was getting a deal.The food was delicious and the service was great.  Not sure if it was the fact that my former Duke linebacker buddy put down about 13 tacos or we were cute guys to the heavily tatted dude serving us, but we even got a free round of Tecate's thrown in there.The only odd thing is the fact that they share both an entrance and bathrooms with CommonHouse next door...
4	Just a quick update since I returned to the scene of the crime with an even larger and more wait staff harassing crew...Previously, it was advertised that the Tuesday special was "all you can eat tacos."  This is what the restaurant calls it, but it there are actually some caveats added to the deal even though I saw no asterisk anywhere.Apparently, it is all you can eat between four and ten tacos.  After that there is a $1 per taco surcharge.  I believe this was added after a sasquatchian sized fella came in and set the record by eating SEVENTEEN tacos in one sitting.  Guh...And the wait staff gets better the more you regular the joint.  We had Hannah last night who didn't mind being called Montana or that we harassed her for throwing out every old catch phrase for saying "okay," with the exception of  "cool beans."  She kept the $2.50 Tecates coming as we all got out of there fat and happy for under twenty bucks...
2	I was hesitant to go since I'm not really into chains, but when the guacamole calls theres nothing you can do to stop it.Service was good except for the fact our first server told us he was leaving and had a bad day before he asked up for our drink order...  I got the barbacoa tacos, the meat was dry, but I get what they were going for. I asked for spicy salsa and the server brought me out 3 different kinds to try, so that was nice. Takes a bit more to impress me so I doubt I'd go back, unless they have a tequila happy hour!
2	Decent grub, pretty poor service (okay it was her first day, she said) and mediocre atmosphere... Thinking you either have to be a true dive Mexican place with awesome food, or hit Cantina instead.
4	Great Lunch prices - includes Drink too.Good food and decent service - never had a bad meal.The salsa is tasty and the chips got some bite.  If you got a weak tongue save it for some tasteless English food. I still haven't figured out which of the 3 sauces I like more on the burritos and chimichangas but I'm leaning towards the green sauce.
5	I love this place. They have an awesome waitstaff and even better food.
5	I looove Loco Lime!! The guacamole is THE BEST in Charlotte!!!  I love this little place - great margaritas.  Great prices and service.
4	Wow, I go here too often.  Just wanted to say that the staff did a knockout job accomodating us last night with a last minute party of TWENTY-TWO!
2	At least I have something to compare Mexican meals to as this was the worst mexican meal I've ever had. Ordered a basic dish: beef enchiladas. Tasted like salt with a side of enchiladas, rice, and beans. Not fresh, plasticky and too salty, I barely had a few bites. Even the salsa at this place was overly salty and had too much garlic. The dish aside, the server was genuinely concerned that I didn't eat anything and promised to alert the kitchen. Although we promised to go back for another try, we lied. There are way better options in the QC!
2	I've been here a couple of times and I still don't get the hype. The food is decent but nothing special compared to any other Tex-Mex restaurants in Charlotte. Their tableside guacamole was good and they did make it very spicy like we asked. And their jalepeno margaritas are delicious. But their actual dishes are just whatever. One reason I'm knocking them down to two stars is their service. The first time I went, the girl seemed very irritated that we were in there so late (only an hour and a half before they closed. Geez). The second time, the guy kept acting like any request we made was a joke. "can we get the tableside guac?" "ha...sure. ....oh really?" i know it was kind of busy but we are very patient and very good tippers so we were serious. Then when I asked for a box for my quesadillas, I also asked for a side of sour cream and salsa. (to which he replied "to eat here? Hahah ok?" "no....for home" what a weird question) The box came out about 15 minutes later and was just thrown down as he was walking to the next table. I then had to ask for the sides again. We had already paid and everything and after another 15 minutes of nothing, we just left.I want to give them one more chance as far as service goes bc it's the only neighborhood Mexican restaurant and I want to experience what everyone else has experienced. But I'm serious...one more chance..
5	This place has the best Mexican food we have had, ever, and we eat out at Mexican restaurants quite a bit. I pretty much filled up on the fresh guac (they make it right at the table -- fresh with pico de gallo and a hint of jalapeno) and the queso dip. My four-year old could not get enough of the queso dip! The best part was the jalapeno margarita. I have never had jalapeno peppers in a drink before. It was the strangest taste but I loved it-- you will want to try this for sure.I ordered a tostida appetizer. It came with a type of cole slaw (again, weird but oh so good you have to try it!) and slices of egg and fresh avocado.  My husband had the enchiladas with three colors of sauce- red, white, green like the Mexican flag. Amazing. Everything was so fresh. The kids had quesadillas (comes with rice or fries).Great prices, friendly staff. The food came out right away. The kids wanted to go back the second day we were in Charlotte.
2	I went into this with an open mind.I'm not looking for Mexican food- I'm looking for Mexican inspired food. If I want Mexican food- I can go to many other places right down the street for the real thing.I'm not judging the tacky decor or the awkward Cinco de Mayo celebration. I'm able to ignore these things. I can ignore that the food is not really Mexican (like I said, I'm not going to "Loco Lime" for an authentic experience)However...I cannot tolerate and I cannot ignore bland food. Incredibly dull. All of my friends who hate spicy food seem to like it- so that might be what the big divide is about Loco Lime. I simply think it is too bland. I have tried it 3 times. I want to like it.
3	I've been here twice and both times got the crab queso...It's simple but unbelievably delicious and decadent.  The queso is thick, creamy, and rich, and the addition of spiced lump crabmeat takes it over the top.  For my entree the first time I ordered a veggie enchilada and got chicken - didn't bother sending it back as I was happy to try the chicken anyway.  It was topped with more of that insane queso, but that was really the only flavor that stood out.  The tortillas were somehow soggy and tough at the same time, and the chicken was woefully under-spiced.  The next time I ordered the crab enchilada, which is basically the crab queso wrapped up with a drizzle of chipotle sauce on top.  Given that the crab queso is so delicious, this wasn't bad, but again the tortillas were weirdly soggy and tough.  I'll definitely give this place another go around, but you can bet I'm not ordering the enchiladas again!  The queso is enough to get me in the door, and half priced margaritas on tuesdays doesn't hurt, either.
4	I've been here several times.  I've always had good service and food.   I also asked if something could be made with shrimp instead of chicken and they said they would do whatever I wanted.  Met the owner when it first opened, nice guy.  Will continue going back at this time.
4	I absolutely love this place! It has become our new Monday night place since it serves up 1/2 priced Margaritas. The Jalapeno Margarita is amazing ... and for those a bit braver, order it with their Tabasco tequila. The staff is very friendly and the service is fast. The second you think you're going to run out of chips & salsa, there's a fresh batch on your table without you having to ask. The dinners are great; I'm a big fan of the enchiladas!
4	I was really on the fence between three and four stars, but what the hell, four stars it is, all thanks to the guy who came up to us at the end of our dinner.We went on "all you can eat taco night (as long as you cannot eat more than ten tacos)."  I thought is was pretty good.  They've got the normal filling choices you would expect at a taqueria (except tongue), and the tacos are finished off with the classic onion, cilantro, and queso fresco.  They also give you a little cup of this dynamite salsa.  The refried beans on the side were pretty good, but the rice was dry.My wife did not really like the tacos as much as I did, for some reason.Throughout the meal, service was very friendly and attentive.  It was also Tecate Beer special night, and they had it by the bottle, which was great.  I got one of those.Then, right when we were about to leave, this waiter we hadn't seen came up and said, "your Tecate, sir."  I said, "I didn't order another Tecate, or are you just being friendly?"  He looked around, said "happy all you can eat taco night!" and left me the bottle.  A nice little complimentary capper on a good meal.
3	Being that my bf gave the place a rave review (he went on taco night) and that it's owned by the fine purveyors of some of my favorite local pizza (Hawthornes) I was really looking forward to Loco Lime.We were seated right away - cue the traditional music and the yummy salsa. I was a little sad that the chips weren't warm (I know I am kind of a stickler about little touches- especially if its not busy) but the salsa was really good so I ordered up my combo plate (chicken enchilada + beef chimichanga) and expected good things. I had recently visited the Taqueria and I will say Loco Limes Meat was much better! I enjoyed the chimichanga but I didn't care for the red sauce on my enchilada (it was oddly sweet). The server from Taco Night told my bf to hold on to his receipt and that if he visited again he would receive 10% off ...but I guess she was misinformed because they told him that was only valid if he used it at Common House or Hawthornes. I suppose it would have been nice to have a server who was clear on that stipulation - as ours didn't allow us to use it. Overall I wasn't really blown away  - I think I like La Paz and Cantina 1511better.
2	I've only done take-out from this location and each time has been good.I've always constructed the Pick 3 which seems to be the best deal going on the menu.The Chimi is good with Chorizo (Mexican Sausage), you cant beat the enchiladas, tacos are good and the chips n' salsa are great.This place does offer outdoor seating; its not a very big patio, but looks like it could be fun on a nice weekend night.The portions are plenty big and the service at the bar has always been great for pick up.
4	Loco is a very dependable, if not incredibly authentic mexican staple.  Having tried most of the menu, I haven't found anything I didn't like.  And I'm picky.  Very.Enchiladas, tacos, burritos &c are available with a wide variety of meats, and the green sauce is very nearly perfect.  LL is also good at answering strange requests (at one point, missing my local back home, I ordered the cheese enchiladas with green sauce, with carnitas and fajita vegetables on top; this was no problem at all).Their lunch menu is not cheap, but it is inexpensive and delivered quickly.  Great if you're in a rush, or really need to hear some south-of-the-border polka to survive the day.Dinner is broader and universally delicious, but unremarkable with one exception: the spicy shrimp dish is heavenly.Dessert?  Tres leche.After dinner or saturday afternoon on the patio, the usual drinks can be had, but the quality is above-par.  For instance, their well margarita is made with cuervo 1800.  The tequila selection is not amazing, but should be plenty adequate for the casual connoisseur.If this review seems tepid despite the four stars, it's because I can't find anything to rave about.  Everything is dependably good, and that's rare.  I have never been disappointed, and I'm there quite a bit.  It's a workhorse, a staple of my weekly fare, and I have no plans to replace it.
3	If you go to Loco Lime and don't get the crab queso dip you are doing yourself a disservice. It is very tasty, although the crab is a bit more subtle than I was expecting. I suggest letting it cool down a bit and get thick and semi-congealed (sounds gross but I assure you it is not).All four members of our party got the 2 taco meal, so if you are not tacoing it up then you might have a different experience. I went with the Al Pastor. it was interesting though I'm fairly sure I would pick a different meat if I went back. For some reason all of the cheese ended up on one taco leaving the other wanting. The rice and refried beans were fairly standard for a Mexican restaurant, and frankly, I've had better. The folks I was with got the carnitas, steak, and ground beef tacos. I heard no complaints from the first two, but the gentleman who got the beef complained that it stuck with him for the rest of the night.The atmosphere was comfortable and not overly cheesy (as Mexican restaurants occasionally have a tendency to be) and the server was attentive and correctly split our check 4 ways.All in all I enjoyed the meal, but since I live within walking distance of 2 other Mexican restaurants (that I can think of) I will be keeping an eye and a tastebud out for something more spectacular.
2	My boyfriend and I went for the all you can eat (aka 10 tacos) night.  He of course ate all 10.  I wanted to like Loco Lime, I really did.  I love supporting neighborhood restaurants but I just wasn't all that impressed.  The only thing with any flavour is the salsa verde.  I didn't like the soft taco shells, there was something bizarrely sweet about them that I wasn't a fan of.  We tried the barbacoa, carne molida and shredded chicken, which were fine but just not anything special.  Loco Lime really is only Mexican inspired.  Fine for people who don't like real spicy Mexican food but not for those of us who love wet burritos and flaming hot salsa.
3	Decent food and ok drinks, just your typical mexican place, seems like it is a chain but i've not seen another one around.  There are definitely better places in plaza midwood.
4	I say give this place another try - the first time I came to Loco Lime I really wasn't that impressed my tacos were extremely plain and boring but I did enjoy my jalapeno margarita a lot.  However I went back again and think I ordered the right thing this time... some crab queso and a veggie burrito...now I wish they filled my veggie burrito with more veggies but it was a nice combo - rice, portabella mushrooms, plantains, squash etc and get the red sauce it was tasty.The service was also very good and the hostess let me know before she sat us that they were having dollar tacos if you sat in the bar area as well as $13.00 for mixed buckets of beer. Sunday nights for a cheap dinner this may be the place.
3	I am a Cantina 1511 connoisseur so when it was suggested we go anywhere else for Mexican I was reluctant. However, it was good. Now... they don't compare in the frozen Margarita department but the Margarita on the rocks was very good. I just enjoy the frozen kind so Cantina wins hands down for me. The table side Guacamole was just as yummy though which pleased me cause I'm a fan. The bar staff was friendly. The place was clean. I didn't indulge more than the guac and the Margarita but I would go back again. I don't know that I would choose them as a new fav but it was a nice change up to the norm.
3	A fellow Yelper and I stopped by Loco Lime for dinner the other night.  The feel and decor of the place was great - it seemed to be a converted warehouse or industrial building - and I really like walking into a place like that!  We had the option of sitting inside or out, and the football game was on inside, so we opted for that.  The service was pretty good and the staff was friendly overall.  The food was good, but nothing amazing.  My friend got a margarita, and honestly it didn't seem to impress!  My fajitas were decent, but the tortillas were soft and almost gooey - so a big thumbs down there.  The overall experience was a good one, and I'd recommend it if you are looking for decent Mexican around plaza midwood.  Dont' expect to be wow'd by amazing food though!
5	The waiter was very attentive without being crowding! Wohoo for Robert! He also suggested the jalapeno margarita. It was not as spicy as I expected but it;s still delicious. Dinner was fish taco... yummy mango with fishy... me likey. Oh bean and rice is not bad either....
2	THE GREAT: The slaw was great! Sweet, probably had some mango and pineapple in it. If you do visit, do yourself a favor and get some slaw. Yes even if you don't like slaw. It's that good.The salsa was really good with juicy canned tomatoes, fresh onions, lime juice, and cilantro. The chimi was good, maybe overloaded on beans and rice. But what made it good was the sour cream, lettuce, pico, and guacamole. THE NOT SO GOOD:Fish tacos were so-so and the menu said it came with the excellent slaw, but I had to ask the manager for it when he walked around and asked if everything was ok.I didn't like the black beans at all because they had some meat, maybe pork in them. Wish they would specify that stuff on the menu.The secret to good margaritas is fresh lime juice, simple syrup, and tequila. They don't know the secret. It was only sour mix and tequila.THE DOWNRIGHT TERRIBLE:Slow poor service. Thankfully the guy in the blue dress shirt, likely the manager made a round on us, and after waiting at the end of the meal, I walked to him and gave him my credit card and asked if he could ring us up. Our waitress was slow to take our order and then disappeared. I saw the hostess cross hatch a 5 by her name as she seated us. Apparently 5 tables was just too much for her. SUMMARY:They did offer and few unusual drinks and dishes. There is some potential here, but It's not even in the same galaxy as Cantina 1511, for example. Perhaps I will revise the star rating after my next visit. I at least know what to avoid next time.
4	Loco Lime is a favorite, especially with my kids. Kids eat free on Wednesday, and we always ask to sit in Nela's section. She's fantastic and attentive. Try the carnitas tostada (complete with sliced avocado and boiled egg). Good, affordable, convenient food.
3	I am sad to report that Loco Lime is edging itself off of my list of favorite places to eat. 1/2 price margaritas have now become $2 off margaritas - still not a bad deal, but com'mon! Business is picking up, which is GREAT for them! On the down side, though, it doesn't seem like they anticipated this because the service has suffered during our last few visits (we are usually in 2-3 times a month). There is one server in particular that we hope we don't get every time we go. To make up for this sever, which we almost always get stuck with no matter how much we pray, is one of the (or maybe "The") manager(s). He is always running around delivering food, busing tables, greeting people at the door, refilling drinks and then will stop and make sure your food is perfect once it's at your table. Cheers to you, good sir! Food quality has not faltered - but please, please, please get some more people ... strike that, more FRIENDLY people ... on your staff.
3	Dinner tonight was decent.  I've actually been quite a few times to the Lime and it has never disappointed.  Great place for a small dinner or a big group of mexican lovers.  They even have a vegetarian specific menu, so for the veggie lovers or the true meat haters, you can enjoy a chimachanga or other common delight!  I usually get the plantain veggiechanga,  and I like it mucho!  All the meals tonight were done well with no complaints from the table!  I definitely recommend it highly!The service this past time was not very attentive and we had to wait for quite awhile for our check.  Other than that, I got nothing! Enjoy, Yelpers!
3	I think 3 stars is generous.  We have given it 2 tries, but just haven't found this place spectacular by any means. It's on the pricey side for standard Mexican fare, and it's just not all that good.  It's pretty plain in fact.  I've read a lot of other reviews raving about this place, so maybe its just us but the first time we went, the service was average and the second time, the service was terrible. It took 10 minutes to get a drink refilled, and our food took slightly over 30 minutes, with minimal check ins from waitstaff.  The chips and salsa are good, but after 20 minutes you get tired of chips and salsa, then you just get restless for the next 10 mins waiting on your food. The margaritas were pretty good, but it's a Mexican restaurant, so I expected a decent margarita. I ordered the pick 3, and the beef taco and chicken enchilada were good, but the guac on my tostada had a funny taste to it, almost like it was a day too old or something. My boyfriend tried it and agreed it did not taste right.  We've also tried the nachos, the Carne Asada, and queso dip with chorizo and they were all good, just not great or anything super special. I think for us, considering we've tried it twice now, price, and all the other dining options close by, this will not be one of our go to's.
3	I had high expectations for Loco Lime after visiting Kickstand, yet found it to be mediocre. We went for a weekday lunch, so I can't comment on the drinks, although did notice that the daily specials looked pretty good. The service was fantastic; we never had to ask for our drinks or tortilla chips to be refilled, the food arrived very quickly, and the checks were taken care of in short order. And prices are reasonable for lunch; when you order off of the "rapido" menu you get a drink with your meal. I had the chicken fajitas after smelling an order that an adjacent patron received. Very much looking forward to mowing through an order of the sizzling deliciousness, the actual meat/veggies lacked a bit in flavor, as did the rice, refried beans and guacamole. Overall I would say that this was an efficient lunch, but not the best in terms of the actual food consumed. I would definitely go back to Loco Lime for appetizers and drinks, but for dinner I'd bop right over to Kickstand for food that never disappoints. Parking was not a problem for lunch, but definitely can be around dinner time with Kickstand sharing the lot.
3	My first time at this place finally, and I actually like it more than I thought I would!The atmosphere is great, I really liked the open feel of the booths and dining area. There is a pretty small bar area too. Waitress was very nice, attentive, and there when we needed something.We started with corizo queso dip. Which I loved. The little bit of smokiness from the corizo blended really nicely with the cheese.I got ground beef enchiladas, they were good, but the sauce was a little different than what I am used to. Something in it just did not taste right, but my wife liked it a lot so just a personal preference there. My better half got the chili rellenos. She said the best she has ever had.This is one of those time I really wish I could give half stars. A solid 3 1/2.Overall good night, can't wait to go back and order something I will actually really like this time!
3	I'm going to go ahead and echo Tonya & Cathy's reviews...here's what I found at Loco Lime:1) The menu is pretty standard...you won't see too many risks here. You want Americanized Mexican? They have that here and it's just fine. 2) The portions aren't as gargantuan as other Mexican restos in Charlotte. And that's fine too - but occasionally I like leftovers!3) The flavors are a bit bland overall. This goes for the chips, salsa and chicken fajitas. Where's the heat?! 4) Service was spot on all the way through. Friendly, efficient and helpful for beverages, chips, salsa, orders and splitting up the check. Much appreciated! 5) The space is great - huge, comfy booths and a spacious patio.6) The drink menu looked pretty fab, so perhaps if I need to score a margarita this will be a sweet pick. Overall, A-OK is a perfect description for Loco Lime.
4	This is my fave Mexican place in Charlotte! I love the chicken enchiladas with tomatillo sauce - just fabulous!I haven't found a better south of the border meal anywhere in town!
3	We moved here from out west where the Mexican food is difficult to measure up to...we've been to every Mexican restaurant here that we've heard about and have yet to find one we absolutely adore.  Most of them I would rate at a 1.5 or 2 so Loco Lime is an improvement to be sure with a 3 star rating.The chips and salsa were good but could have a bit more flavor and heat.  I did like that the chips were warm when the arrived at our table.I had the fish tacos. The sauce could have been more flavorful but I was glad to find a decent fish taco since I've not found any that are super yet here in the area.  The sauce was different than I had expected but still good.My husband had the beef and chicken enchiladas and he thought they were delicious and flavorful.The service was wonderful and I really love the high backed booths.  They give a cozy and private feel which I really enjoy.  We don't drink so I don't have a review of the margaritas.Although Loco Lime doesn't measure up to my bias memory of my favorite Mexican restaurants out west...when we want Mexican food in Charlotte we think of Loco Lime.
1	I would not recommend this place to anyone and I do not plan on ever going back to this restaurant.1) The service was horrible and slow. We had a server that could not handle simple requests and took forever with the basics like salsa, chips and drinks. The server would leave for several minutes without returning to refill or take orders on drinks. In addition, the waiter did instant gratuity on a 5 person table. Nice to know that when you do a bad job you can still take a tip.2) The food was sub par. The steak fajitas I ordered were watery and lacked flavor. Other people in my group felt the same about their entrees. However, the queso dip was descent. 3) The atmosphere was nice and the place has a lot of potential. I really like the bicycle artwork but it was probably from the bar next door called "Kickstand". Again, I would not recommend this place. I was about to give it two stars but I really can't get past the bad customer experience and sub par food. In my line of work bad customer experience is unacceptable. This is as simple as correct orders, refilling drinks and not taking thirty minutes to handle processing receipts.
5	I had a coupon for Buy 1 entree, get one free so I figured this place was worth a try, it exceeded all my expectations!We went this past Friday night at about 7:30,  we were seated right away and given chips and delicious salsa immediately.  I told our waiter about the coupon and he gladly took it to be used later.My husband ordered a margarita and I tried some, it was decent.  We each ordered a combo plate, I chose a cheese enchilada and a asada tostada.  I was impressed you could choose from all different meats, not just beef or chicken.  He got a chimichanga with asada and a chicken enchilada.  You can also choose your sauce, green chile, traditional red sauce,or queso sauce.  I chose red and he chose queso and both were equally delicious.My tostada was the best I've ever had, somehow there was hardboiled eggs and what seemed like coleslaw on in addition to cheese, meat, and refried beans.  The platters we ordered were served with rice and beans both were very good and you got sour cream and guac on your plate as well.  I appreciate there was no extra charge!Overall it was a wonderful mexican meal and I will be back soon and totally willing to pay full price for it!
5	We have been going to Loco lime for a long time now.  Tacos are great here and also have great vegetarian options. The manager Jeff pleasantly surprised us with on the house fried ice cream. ( they should put this on menu). Salsa verde here is one of the best. Service is always good and quick. Just go here and you won't be disappointed.
4	What's not to love about a crazy lime? I've been here twice and must say that this place has just been elevated to my most favorite Mexican spot for something casual, quick and divine.  I think the fact that my last visit was a Tuesday night and it was so jam packed you would have thought it was Friday or Saturday....then again it was $1.00 Taco Night.  Which brings me to the next reason I like this place, the daily meal/drink specials.  I think it's a pretty static daily special so memorize it and visit it on whatever day suits you best!I had the grilled chicken taco salad and everything was fresh and the portion was more than enough!  Service was quick and polite.Sidenote: We all know most Mexican restaurants provide chips before your meal but most also provide a very watered down salsa to use.  Not this place.  They have the absolute best salsa in my opinion.
4	Closed
2	Agree with others on the board.  Food is great and really cheap.  I'd even go so far as to say the taste is better than Cantina.  But we've got the same waitress twice in a row and the service is very below average to say the least.  It's a good thing we weren't in a hurry.  Also, do NOT get the Skinny Margarita.  I am never ever the one to send food back unless there is something drastically wrong but I had to send it back.  It was by far the worst thing I ever tasted--comparable to putting artificial lemon juice with sours mix on the rocks and calling it a drink.I'm not intentionally hating on this place.  I really do like the food and don't like to give bad reviews.  With a good waitress/waiter I think Loco Lime would be a good experience.
5	For my 500th review it had to be good and friends helped me find a great Mexican place that fit the bill.  The chips are hot and the salsa is fresh.   Corn tortillas are the norm!  Chicken tacos are meaty.  The bulls eye for me was the ground beef tacos - lots of flavor!  Simple, no-frills, good food.Plus we had the drink of the day, a cucumber margarita.  I've never tasted anything like it and can't wait to come back.  And to top it all off, the price is right!  Just one more reason to drive through Central Ave more often.
5	Best healthy Mexican out there!I love the fact the vegetarian options actually have vegetables in them and not just refried beans and rice. The veggie burrito is the best in Charlotte with grilled zucchini and plantains. The plantains really make it!I love everything about this restaurant. The atmosphere is casual and friendly. Marianela and Zack standout as servers and the managers are all great. Taco Tuesday and the lunch specials are unbeatable for the price. You really get a lot of food for the price, much more than anywhere else in plaza midwood, except maybe KickStand next door! Don't let me forget about the margaritas! 1/2 price on Mondays, the jalapeno margarita is a must try!
5	Mondays are the best night to go, because the margaritas (which are pricey at $6 a pop) are half price.The Chile Relleno is fantastic, but what I crave the most is the honey-lime-cilantro slaw with fried plantains.  I can't describe how fantastic that combination is.Their salsa is fresh and homemade (could be spicier, but I love heat!)Honestly, in my 10+ visits, I've never had something I didn't love.  It's a great spot, and some of the best Mexican-fusion I've ever had.
3	Drop in for taco Tuesday... $1 for a taco, count me in!  I'll be honest... It took me a few minutes to find the front door which is not on central ave. but once I walked around to the front I was pleasantly surprised to find a great outdoor spot with table chairs and of course bagg-o boards.  We sat in the bar area and order a few tacos and a round of dos equis, which was a given after being stared down by the large portrait of the most interesting man in the world.  The salsa was great, fresh and homemade.  The tacos were a great deal and even though they were small they were filling.  I was impressed that they were able to customize my tacos to my specifications.  I will definitely be back for more from this crazy lime.
3	This place is hit or miss.Our first experience here was a delight, and every time since we've liked it less and less.The last time we were here we ordered some Nachos... except what we got was a giant sloppy plate of disgustingness.If you find yourself in this restaurant, try the Camarones ala Diablo- a delicious SPICY shrimp dish.  It's actually worth the incredible heartburn that you will be experiencing for the next 6 hours.
4	the barbacoa (sp?) is so good. its like a little mexican potroast in your taco or chimichanga etc... tres leche cake is out of this world!! their margaritas are delish!
4	Ok. I might be a Russian American, but I love Hispanic food. This is a cool spot in the Plaza Midwood area of Charlotte, NC. Kind of hard to find and parking blows, I mean at least pave the lot to make it easier to drive in and out of there. But on a good note, the food is amazing. The owners also own Kick Stand and Hawthorn's (never been, but its on my list to try), but Loco Lime is amazing. Great drink specials, large enough meals to share and the endless chips & salsa are always a plus. The salsa has a nice spice to it and the food in general is seasoned just right. The service on the other hand- SUX. I keep going back there just for the food, but if the food blew, then Loco Lime would never see me again. I gave 4 stars because of the service, its like every time I go there, its like every server hates their life, never checks on us and always forgets something. Other than that, Loco Lime is on my top Mexican restaurants in Charlotte, NC. Definitely a place everyone should try once, and who knows maybe I just have bad luck with the service!!
4	What I love about this place is that it is Mexican-INSPIRED.grill. This is a key word because they have a great mix of authentic Mexican and other Latin dishes and some that are more tex-mex. Here is where I go when I am craving fish tacos! They are absolutely deliciosos - topped with fresh mango bits, cilantro and chipotle sauce. Mouth-watering!They definitely kick Cabo Fish Taco's butt. Also, they get extra coolness points for having Honduran dishes such as the flautas and fried green plantains (the latter may not necessarily be Honduran but we definitely eat those like crazy...it's probably more of a Caribbean staple)! Give these a try next time you visit. The tortas are also delicious. Service is good and so is their decor - simple, a blend of Latin influences. They are in an interesting locale because they are connected to Kickstand, which is more of sports bar. I don't get it but it doesn't bother me. Need to remember to ask why next time I go.They have outside covered seating that would be ideal during the summertime. To put it in yelp's words - Yay! I'm a fan of this place.
4	Great food, fun staff, we always enjoy our visits!  I strongly recommend the vegetarian fahitas and the quacamole.  We make a weekly trip just for some mood elevating food!
4	QUESO!Oh yes, the queso. Loco gets extra points for having it as an option as your burrito, chimichanga, enchilada, etc. topping. Other inferior, but still yummy topping sauces include: green tomatillo and citrus chili red sauce.Next to the queso, what truly sets Loco Lime above the rest for a vegetarian is their selection of options. Instead of rice and beans, their veggie options are filled with sweet plantains, black beans, rice, mixed Mexican cheese, roasted corn relish, Portobello mushrooms, and grilled zucchini. So refreshing to have something different. Those plantains, ahhhh so good.Also really love the citrus cilantro slaw that is usually served as a side (along with pico de gallo, guacamole, and sour cream). It's light and crunchy and a nice change from shredded iceberg lettuce.I almost always get the veggie-changa with queso! I highly recommend it!Nice selection of tequilas and margaritas here, Mondays are half off margaritas. I like the house margarita and the beer-rita. jalapeno margarita is pretty interesting too, but not exactly my cup of tea.Service here is usually very good, but I've definitely had a couple occasions when my waiter was kinda awful.
2	I have only been twice and feel no need to return. The menu choices are limited and I found a few things that sounded good except the sides they were paired with. My friend ordered a pork burrito(not sure of the menu name) but could not detect the cheese or beans as advertised.
4	I really love this place! Tasty "Trendy Tex-Mex/Latino" food. It's easier to get in and be seated than Cabo Fish taco and I would say the drinks are stronger and the food is just as good. Plus, the salsa here is better than the weird corn version they serve at Cabo Fish. I REALLY love that Loco Lime allows friendly dogs on the patio. I'll bring mine next time, as long as it's not too hot. I'll be back for sure.
3	3 stars for backyard area because it's bigger than most and drinking outside is often superior to drinking inside.
3	Friendly and attentive service. The place was nice and we got our food quite quickly, especially for a large group like ours. The only thing was the food. It was bland, and this from someone who doesn't like hot and spicy food. This just didn't appeal to my taste buds.  Instead of Mexican inspired food, I'd rather go for the real thing.
2	Eh, I don't really like this spot. Great location and all that, but the food wasn't anything to write home about. I've noticed other reviewers really liked the veg options, & maybe that's where I went wrong? I suppose I'll have to go back and try something else(or send in a clone). I had a burrito with asada & the meat tasted old--never a good thing, but if they're pushing vegetarian items, it makes sense....I guess..My friend had flautas, it's never good to mess with someone's flautas!! C'mon son! Maybe we went on a bad day?  Yo no se, but I'd go to Taco Bell before I go there to eat again. The chips and salsa should NOT be the best thing I eat.
4	Well I've been back since my original review and I have to say everything has been much better. The food I've had has been amazing and the service has been excellent. Very pleased to have a great Mexican restaurant in plaza-midwood.
5	I love Loco Lime! We've been many times and it's one of our "take out of town guests to" restaurants. The food is always fresh and the drinks always tasty. The salsa is nice and thick and the veg options are great. The meat eating man is always happy with his dish too. You absolutely cannot beat $1 taco Tuesdays. The service is attentive but not annoying and a manager has popped by our table every time we've dined to make sure all is well with our dining experience. My only minor complaint is that parking can be a drag as they share the space with Kickstand.
5	First visit tried the Shrimp Diablo spicy and tasty. Enjoyed a Loco Bloody Texan Drink and a Jalapeno Margarita. The hot sauce is very good red and verde! Will definitely return to try the Carnitas Tacos on $1.00 Tuesday. Wonderful patio dining. Try the Fried Jalapenos with Ranch dip Yummy
5	I freakin love this place! You can count on them to give you excellent service and a delicious meal! I live for Margarita Monday's! Half price! The food is fresh and I've never had anything I didn't like. Great variety on the menu too! The crab quesadilla is to die for!!! This is a go to neighborhood fave! Great for kickin it with the girls, a date o business lunch. Cute patio too! They get my vote! :)
3	Who doesn't like taco's? I certainly do... The good- Loco Lime has a good amount of variety when it comes to their tacos. I have tried three thus far. Chorizo, barbacoa, and the carne asade. All were bursting with lovely flavors and completely delicious.The bad- completely Americanized and standardized menu. Everything on the plate other then the tacos was extremely bland. The salsa and queso were mediocre and did not stand out from the rest.
4	I've had mostly good and just a couple bad experiences here. I love the area, and the food is good. Can't beat dollar taco night either! The Barbacoa and Al Pastor is actually pretty good. Not as "americanized" as many other places. Decent margaritas, and my friends always seem happy with their food too. Definitely worth trying out. I LOVE true authentic Mexican food, and this place is a good medium between the chains and a little hole in the wall, with good food.
5	PLANTAINS ...At the heart of this review are plantains. They put plantains in their chimichangas. Now I'll pretend that you are still reading. You shouldn't be, because if you re-read the previous line about the plantains you'd realize you should just move on to the part where you eat them in the chimichanga. But you're still reading so....GUCACAMOLE MADE FRESH AT YOUR TABLE.. with LOTS of LIME. I could make, and have made a whole meal out of of the guac and chips. So fresh. It's... it's so fresh. I've only had fresher in Costa Rica. It's really fresh. I want to go back to these plantains for a moment. They are seriously delicious, and afterwards you can hang out with your friends and be all "Ohh no big deal, I just had a chimichanga with plantains, I guess I'm just special and you're not even really all that great, I don't know why I even talk to you.'But anyway, they add a nice fried/sweet taste into the spices of the chimichangas. This is on top of the crispy shell that is covered in one of 3 sauces that you get to choose or mix. We really love the white queso sauce, but they are all good in their own right. And the people are great, always get that kind of service that's like 'sup, what can i get ya bro', as if you hung out with these guys in college. Outdoor seating is a plus, especially when there is live music. Seen a few good bands there. ps... Plantains.
5	Awesome barbacoa tacos! Very tasty margaritas!
3	After my latest trip here, i have to say we did not experience the poor service like some of the reviews i read before going. Alex took good care of our table, so no complaints there. They do have a vegetarian section and a few dishes can unofficially be turned vegan minus some cheese and sour cream. So i ordered the fajitas and while the menu doesn't list cheese, they do like to garnish the beans with cheese and there was even a side of cheese as fajita toppings. Even if it doesn't list cheese, and you don't want any, make sure to ask for no cheese. The other huge bummer was having a piece of chicken find it's way in the vegetarian fajita skillet. The table side guac was pretty tasty. Also, they do charge if you want jalapenos mixed in or a side of pickled onion.
1	Loco Lime..I would have to be Loco to go back there..Not a favorite in my book. Starting out the place was freezing..no heat..Hard to be excited about drinking a ice cold Jalapeno Margarita ( which was the best thing I had all night) in the cold. Chips and Salsa were average...the hottest salsa was not hot-even though we were warned about it. Ordered the Fried Jalapenos...pretty good..hot when served ..ranch dip does not go with it...Then I ordered the Chile Rellenos I order them all over - always looking for the ultimate one. I ask for the Ranchero Sauce on the side to make sure I dont get a limp Relleno..well Limp it was..both of them..yes ..Piggie here ordered two..thats what I get..both in a limp pancake like batter that was not appealing at all. the filling was not Chihuahua cheese - - it was the cheese sauce from the queso. My plate was overwhelmed with a ? Coleslaw? it was in a sweet honey dressing but had Parmesan cheese on the top..what kind of mexican place uses parm?? The coleslaw sat on a bed of fried (yesterday) plantains...soggy and stale tasting. The beans and rice were plain and untasty. Not a cheap menu and not a menu I will be looking at again.
4	Salsa was delicious. Cheese dip was really good too. I had the shredded chicken tacos which were pretty tasty and my boyfriend had the chicken quesadilla which he gobbled up (it was also massive).  Only negative is that it is a bit pricy for mexican food-but it was delicious with large portions (and fresh food) so it didn't bother us too much!
1	The food and service are not good. We've tried 3 different times and it's just bad. It's unfortunate, it would be awesome to have good Mexican in the neighborhood but this isn't it.
3	Meh. Not authentic. I do recall the margaritas were interesting but this review is based on the food, which I've tried a few times now.
5	Pulled up to the scene, checked in, got 10% off my whole bill! BOOYAAAAAAHHH!!!!! Thanks Yelp! When I got the outstanding notification, I ordered the Jalapeno Margarita. Not too bad, I think I've had better. For my meal I had the Camarones ala Diablo. I was informed (warned) by our waitress that it's the hottest item on their menu. She was not lying. This dish could qualify for Cooking Channel's "Heat Seekers"! Our waitress also said my eyes would tear up and I would break out into a sweat. All of that didn't happen. Although, my nose did run. It was HOTT! I enjoyed Loco, good food, chips and salsa and a lot on the menu. I just wish it wasn't so dark inside. Nice place for some South of the boarder cuisine.
4	On a quest for a good margarita Loco Lime was recommended as the go to place. I hate Central Ave it's so confusing but Loco Lime wasn't hard to find  - I wasn't feeling the parking lot a little small and gravel.. seriously lol if you have on heels be careful bc hells/wedges and gravel is a no go !It was a nice day and they have patio seating but we decided to eat inside at a tall table near the bar.  Our waiter brought the chips and salsa appetizer out and we put in our drink order. They had a ton of specials going on so I just ordered what the waiter recommended for my margarita and started on the chips and salsa. Apparently they put cayenne pepper on the chips (yikes) .. I was not a fan of this but my sister loved it. I guess it depends on your tolerance for spicy food but they chips were a bit too spicy for me. I ended up ordering the shrimp quesadilla which was pretty tasty. Overall I like this place I would like to go back and try the tacos on Taco Tuesdays not sure what the special or deal is but I'm assuming they are pretty cheap.
4	Even if you're not in the area but want some really good Mexican, you gotta come here. The staff (everyone) was very nice. Very clean inside and outside. Plenty of options for seating, even outside. I had the shrimp tacos and side of sweet plantains. Awesome. I also had the ultimate margarita. Supposedly it had 3 different kinds of tequila, but I didn't even catch a buzz. I complain only because of the price! I mean the drink was really good, especially since I'm not a fan of margarita pre-mix (this was homemade). All in all, this has been the better Mexican I've had so far.
2	Food is ok not great.
4	We went with a larger group to take advantage of their taco Tuesdays ($1 tacos). My advice is to get there early as it was pretty busy  (they also offer this Sundays in the bar area only). The server was very friendly - I can't recall her name (Bonnie maybe?) but she had a pixie cut, darker hair, and a tongue ring (weird that I noticed but I am not sure how else to describe her)...anyway she did a fantastic job with the whole group and ensured that everyone had full drinks and happy bellies. I tried the Asada (Grilled Steak), Barbacoa (Soft Shredded Beef), and Carnitas (Roasted Pull Pork). I enjoyed them all but the Barbacoa which was dry. The Carnitas was my favorite. I have to say that all of the choices were very flavorful- but a nice squeeze of lime made it even better. Three was a good size for me, but keep in mind they are a bit smaller- but hey they are a buck order another!  I also enjoyed a side of Guacamole which was really tasty. I wish they also offered flour tortillas in addition to corn but all and all it was a great meal and I couldn't have asked for a better price. I will return!
5	Im a Texas girl so naturally a Mexican food connoisseur! I was a happy girl from the minute my skinny margarita hit the table! YUM. Salsa was awesome queso was perfect and the food amazing! I was really excited to see they have some healthier items to choose from as well! WELL DONE CHARLOTTE LOCO LIME!
3	Loco Lime is one of those places that I tend to love infrequently as there are things that sing loud and clear....and some things I could do without. It's a killer location with a lively patio and tons of seating -- optimal for a Sunday lunch or any Tuesday (Taco Tuesday). As it goes any given day of the week, I love guac. Guac, guac, guac all the time. Loco Lime's fare is definitely a cut above with the table-side preparation and tender care. Throw a candle in that bowl and I'd eat it like a freaking birthday cake. Good stuff. Taco Tuesday -- $1 tacos. Why would you need to know more? The only thing that tends to lack a bit is the service -- a bit uneducated as far as the menu goes, spotty at times, and a bit uninterested. No deal-breaker, but can tend to be a bit more than lackluster. Still love ya, Loco Lime. $1 tacos, guac, and my own bottle of Tapatio is all I need.
3	The first thing that stands out in my mind is the staff.  Whether they are waiting on you or just happening to be walking past, they smile at you and greet you, often asking if you need anything.  That is impressive.What is not impressive is the food.  The complimentary salsa is lackluster, tasting like glorified tomato sauce.  I ordered the cheese enchiladas, which came with retried beans and rice.  It was as if they were not cooked long enough for the cheese to melt.  As we all know, the hallmark of American Mexican food is that pool of melted cheese.  The cheese in these enchiladas was solid and chewy.  Refried beans and rice were decent.  Husband got the fish tacos, and he deemed them "ok."Now, if the food was as charismatic as the staff, I would return again and again!
5	taco tuesdays!!! It's the best.  The staff is phenomenal.  They keep the chips and salsa coming and your drinks full.  Do get there early if you don't want to wait a super long time for a table.  if you go at 4, you'll have the place to yourself every time.
3	My latest meal at Loco Lime kicked off by checking in on Yelp and getting 10% off our bill. Boom.Pretty standard menu here. I do not have a go-to order.... think I get something different every single time. I do love the option of three different sauces (green tomatillo, red citrus chili, white queso) for the enchiladas. I recommend ordering all three together with the barbacoa (soft shredded beef). The menu also has a nice selection for vegetarians.Specials you need to know about:-Margarita Mondays: Half price, rocks or frozen. Like a little heat? The jalapeno margarita is fantastic.-Taco Tuesdays: $1 tacos. Get there early. Full house every time.-Kids eat free on Wednesdays. If you do not enjoy children, probably want to skip this night.-Sundays: $1 tacos in the bar area only. Nice spot to watch games.The parking lot here is kind of awkward. Sometimes it's difficult to get in and out when it's busy. Great patio. Very spacious and dog friendly.
4	Took my niece here for her b-day dinner.  We tried many of the items and everything was really good.  The table side guac was excellent.  Staff was friendly and attentive.  I would recommend.  Nothing spectacular, but above average.
4	The food was good but the service was h.o.r.r.i.b.l.e. Better luck next time hopefully. We will come back.
1	Well i walked in there after reading the reviews. Im thinking taco tuesday worst case scenario i have 2 drinks spend like $20 including tip.I walled in with sweatpants, a painted on carolina t-shirt and an almost invisible F-off on my forehead since ive been working 14 hr days lately. Sat at the bar, never got a menu. Salsa was fresh however lacked taste and heat. Thats one of those thing a Mexican restaurant has to get right.Everyone at the bar was ordering their veggie tacos so i joined them. I ordered 3, only one of them had a piece of a plantain. I guess they could have put less filling on it, but i might have sent it back. They were worth a dollar, thats it!  I would have been just as satisfied at taco bell.  They use corn tortillas which i am not a fan of. It might have been better if they were fresh, but they did not taste fresh.The bartender had a large section so i cut her some slack. Their shots could have been smaller. I ordered the first which looked like a one ounce pour and i figured she was just busy and made a mistake. I probably should've told her to pour it back in the bottle, but i figured they had $1 tacos, so whatever. I just really wanted a drink. So i ordered another and the same crappy pour. I guess this is normal for them. Maybe she was using the rest of my pour to hook up one of her friends laters.Got the tab. It was 26.00. They charge 2.25 for soda, i guess its not terrible but its been a while since I've paid for one at a sit down establishment. The (crappy pour) drinks were $9 a piece, if i would have known that, i would have definitely told her to pour that back in the bottle. This place is definitely cheap(as far as delivering value to their customers), maybe they should cut their labor cost and use it towards improving what they serve.My recommendation: only go there if you have to.  Order beer out the bottle or can. They might try to give you a 13oz draft or something. Never order liquor there.  Make sure you get all of whats supposed to be on your plate. I almost forgot most of their clients were corporate america chumps.  Mid 20's out of college and barely have their first real job. I guess its fitting since all they have really known for the past 4-5 yrs is ramen noodles and whatever doesn't have mold on it.Thanks for reading.
1	Usually do not leave bad reviews, but we had such a bad time here today. First of all, all the chips, salsas, water, and soda all had an odd taste, which we were going to let go until we got the chicken quesadillas. They tasted terrible, and the person with me couldn't eat them. So we told the waitress she didn't like them, and the waitress apologized and sent the manager over which was nice! They offered us free food, which we declined. So afterwards, another customer started making fun of us in earshot, and the same waitress and the manager were laughing with him and making a scene! Then, even though she KNEW we were done with our meal, we waited around ten minutes to get our bill and ended up having to get up and search for her!!! She then dropped off the bill and didn't say another word. Let's just say none of us will be returning. I've never been treated with such disrespect at a restaurant before.
4	After moving to the 'hood (and having driven past the place dozens of times), Hubs and I finally decided to give Loco Lime a try. We met some friends there for dinner before an event later that evening. Protip: give yourself plenty of time. Though there weren't many people there, the food seemed to take a long time to come out. Note: our server was *great*, super friendly, and came back to check on us many times, giving advice as to what was good, even unsolicitedly bringing out a dish of limes that he thought would go well with my order, and sincerely thanking us for coming in at the end of the meal, so I am definitely NOT faulting the service - just the kitchen seemed a little slow in comparison to other Mexican faves in the area.It was all worth the wait, though. Chips were served hot, salsa was fresh, and everything we ordered was delicious. We had one vegetarian in our group who RAVED about his veggie-changa (sweet plantains inside! so novel!), and had enough left over to box up for lunch the next day. Husband chowed down his barbacoa tacos before I even saw what they looked like (I guess they were good?), and another friend made a worthy dent in her massive order of ground beef enchiladas. My blackened shrimp tacos were some of the most fresh and flavorful that I've ever had - and the server was right, the limes were the perfect complement.Now that Husband and I live much closer to Loco Lime than we used to, we'll definitely be making this a regular haunt.
5	Are you Loco? Well of course your are if you don't go to locolime. Who can pass up a $10 margarita pitcher and some Arroz con pollo. I went they were serving lunch and got the dish for a few dollars cheaper than the listed price. So already I'm in heaven because I just felt so special for scoring deals from the jump. Our waitress said this dish was a specialty dish and it was made fresh daily. I figured this was just another ploy to make me order it but hey she wasn't lying. The flavor this dish packed was amazing. I went and got the same dish from Applebee's and lets just say they couldn't stand a chance. The chips and Dip at this place is great as well. Usually I don't really pay attention to "snacks" because I am a whole meal type of guy but these things just brought you in with great salsa. Overall I would recommend Loco Lime to anyone that decides to visit the East side of Charlotte.
