5	I'm really surprised there are no other reviews for Heaven's Angels. This little storefront massage spa is a little hard to find but more than worth the effort. Lisa, the owner, is extremely knowledgeable and definitely the most competent massage therapist I have ever met. Her healing skills are superb, she is remarkably inexpensive. Both my husband and I have been fortunate to have Lisa's massage therapy after extensive medical procedures. Her services are definitely five star.Edited to add that Lisa is an expert in lymph system massage, a hard-to-find specialty that's essential for therapy in people with lymph system damage. Both my husband and I have benefited greatly from Lisa's expertise.
5	I have received massages from Lisa for over 5 years now. I know she wil address my problem areas and not leave me feeling like I will need another massage. She is willing to incorporate different techniques and is very knowledgeable. Her office is conveniently located near the freeway making it simple to get to. I highly recommend her.
5	I have been seeing Lisa at Heaven's Angels for several years.  She is absolutely the BEST massage therapist I've ever used.  She teaches massage students locally and is also a healer.  Her compassionate nature and intuition are just outstanding.  Wonderful for a therapeutic treatment or recovering from injury.  She is very professional and schedules her appointments where there is never a wait. I give Lisa at Heaven's Angels Therapeutic Massage my highest recommendation.  6 Stars!
5	Lisa's reviews on here are all 5 stars and this one will be no different.  I could tell from the quality of the reviews that Lisa was good at what she does, but what i couldn't tell til we talked was that she is compassionate, caring, and loves what she does - which are all essential traits for a caregiver.  Further, she was very accommodating to my schedule and responsive to my feedback during the massage.I'll also echo what others have said:  her storefront is a bit of a challenge to find but worth it; she's inexpensive for how good she is, and there was no wait when i arrived a bit early for my appointment.
