5	Holy cow Batman! These guys are fast, courteous and give great service!  These guys have it all.
5	Went in today, a Monday morning. I planned for a wait, partly because of the work I needed done and the fact that its a mechanic shop. Told Larry my issue and he asked questions and treated me like a car owner, not a female car owner. You ladies know what I am talking about.  He told me the process and that I would be kept up to date. The gentleman from the work area, Dave maybe?, came out and let me know what was going on, how much it would cost and timeframe. he kept me in the loop and was patient with my questions and concerns. I will absolutely be going back for future repairs. I have never felt so comfortable at an auto shop before. Thanks Guys!!!!
5	Have been going to Fletchers in Maricopa since I moved there about 7 years ago. Finding a good auto service center that you can trust is difficult. I was fortunate to have a good one in the last city I lived but Fletchers in Maricopa is the best.The customer service is excellent. Larry, customer service, is professional and keeps the customer informed. But, Dave, the manager, who I understand manages the Awahtukee store also, is the key to this stores success.Dave is extremely knowledgeable about even the minute problems of my Ford truck. He keeps me informed and every time I am in the store he is working. I am amazed of his knowledge.But, Dave is an excellent manager. I suspect the higher ups at Fletchers know this. I have dealt with both stores and staff respect him and work hard.This is a difficult industry to satisfy customers. People are always complaining.As a a former CEO of a large business, I notice good management and Dave is excellent. He is dedicated, loyal and if he were in my employment I would be looking for ways to get him dealing with all the stores. I am a very satisfied customer and as long as these stores maintain good employees like Dave and Larry, I will continue as a satisfied customer.Bob T
5	I took my husband's car to Fletcher's on a very busy Friday morning. They informed me up front that it could take all day to do the oil change and tire rotation. That was fine with me, I had expected a long turn around time.    The car was finishes around 3pm. Much earlier than I had anticipated. :)  The staff was courteous and knowledgeable. I really felt like my patronage was appreciated. Something that was lacking at the Big O in Maricopa.   In fact, Fletcher's was the complete opposite of Big O Tires. I mean that in the best way possible!    We will definitely be taking our cars to Fletcher's again! Although next time we'll set up an appointment ahead of time. :-D
1	Bought 4 new tires here two months ago. Came in with a low tire they just filled the tire and said if it happens again to just bring it back. Didn't check the tire or anything. Brought it back two days later...took them over an hour to look at it. Said there was a screw in the tire. Need to replace tire but it will take 3 HOURS to get the tire here. Commented that I should have made an appointment yet when I came in two days ago NO ONE mentioned making an appointment. So much for being a TIRE center. Guess they don't value repeat business. Lesson learned...I have gotten much better service at Walmart. Save yourself the hassle and go elsewhere.
