3	I like this location. It has plenty of room for parking and pumping gas. It is located in a shopping center that has a lot of good options from hardware to food to nails so very convenient to get gas or a snack while passing through. The store is clean inside and out. I always see someone sweeping the parking lot.Staff inside is friendly. I haven't used the restrooms before. All in all, your typical, but clean and spacious convenient store.  don't know what the obsession is with the amount of Terrible's so close together on Charleston is, but it's a heck of a lot cleaner than the one near Del Taco!
2	Store and gas island are dirty. The first pump that I went to wasn't working with credit or debit cards. The store is not maintained very well, which is apparent with the dirty condition and the pumps not working
3	I don't get gas here because of the prices, but I stop in for bottled water with having to go into Smith's next door
2	1 Star for me actually going to a different gas station and 1 star for the cheaper gas at this station versus the one by my house.Otherwise- YUCK! This place is dirty dirty dirty. I reached down to grab the gas pump handle and my hand almost got stuck to it because it was so sticky and gross. I know this is a gas station and those pump handles are gonna be dirty but I shouldn't have to bring gloves with me to get gas.The trash was also overflowing at the pump. It looked like they never come outside and clean up. Maybe it was too hot for them. =) I did not go inside and thank god. I can only imagine what that looked like. They should have a clean outside and it will be more inviting for people to go in and get other things. They are definitely losing money because of this Who knows? I may have went in and bought something if it was cleaner.
2	I do not care how convenient this place is to my home, there is simply no excuse for them to charge 10 cents more per gallon than anywhere else on Charleston Rd. when they cannot even keep the floors of their store clean, nor their lot free of vagrants begging for change.
