4	It's no AJ's, but if you can find whatever it is you're looking for at the 99 Cent Store, it's the place to get it. The title isn't just a clever name, everything that they carry is 99 cents. That includes anything from toothpaste, to laundry detergent, to dog food. If quality isn't an issue, I generally like to run through this store first and then pick up whatever I couldn't scratch off of the list at a traditional store. Even if you don't need anything in particular, it might be worth a swoop by to scope out their inventory. You might be surprised how convenient this place can be . . .
3	Cleaner with less riffraff than some 99s towards downtown, my 77 year old mom and I always pick up some bargains, like tiramisu or pre packaged, California grown produce ( eggplant, garlic, ginger,etc), before trudging across the melting blacktop towards Fresh & Easy. One thing I like about 99c stores is the shambolic displays kinda force you to encounter goods you wouldnt elsewhere - provided they dont first shift imperceptibly and crush you in North America's most steeply discounted avalanche.  For example, this place had a section of, like, a thousand cans of  a retro lemonade - iced tea combo called "Arnold Palmer". Each can featured a cool B&W photo of the famous golfer; plus the drink was delish. I plan to return someday to actually buy a can. Look for me, wont you?  I'll be the yellow toothed loner, shoplifting eggplants and garlic up my cargo shorts, ogling off brand cans of tea. Hey ladies, let's get acquainted!
5	I could literally spend an entire day at this 99cents only store. It's clean. They play awesome music. They have pretty much everything and anything your heart desires. Even produce. Yes, I said produce!!Seriously, I have been to dollar stores a million times, even other 99 cents only, and I really think this is the best dollar store I have ever been to!!Party supplies, health and beauty items, spices, dry food, frozen food, produce, house cleaners, plates, cups, candles, books, pool toys, candy, cooking instruments, Tupperware, bottled water, diet pills, q-tips, painting supplies, school supplies, batteries... the list goes on and on, and nothing is more than 99 cents.I would highly recommend hitting the 99 cents only store up prior to Walmart or the grocery store because you can save yourself a ton of loot, and honestly, the products are the same quality because they come from overstock and are actually the same products (most of the time). I know the idea of produce from the dollar store sounds crazy, but its been really good and fresh!!It's also a cheap way to waste away an afternoon with free A/C!!
5	I'm always interested in a bargain.  This is a good place to start.  They have most everything that I generally need to get by in a week starting with produce, energy drinks, cleaning supplies, books, plates and even Belkin carrying cases for my Nano ipod!They open at 8:00 a.m. on Sundays which is ideal for running errands with my son.  They even have fun toys and puzzles that keep him occupied.Once we are done here, next stop Fresh & Easy......
5	Okay, at first I was a little embarrassed to be giving the 99 Cents Only store FIVE WHOLE STARS, but seriously people, it's sooooo good. Like Jake C. mentioned, everything really is only 99 cents. You'd be surprised at the stuff you'd find here...everything from gift bags, to tupperware, produce, office supplies, childrens toys, hardware, gardening supplies, hygiene products, food, candy, cleaning products...you name it. I recently came here with my normal "Target list" hoping to find a few things and save a few bucks, and listen, I found almost EVERY ITEM I was looking for and my total cost: $11. ELEVEN BUCKS! I found two attractive door mats I've been holding out on purchasing ($20 a piece at Target), I even found a couple sun hats made by Circo (we purchased one at Target months ago for $5) for my daughter. The produce is fresh and from what I saw, mostly locally grown in AZ. Red bell peppers were 2 for $1. Like Shannon C. said, not every item is a deal, but you're sure to find something here to save you a few bucks.I'll probably be hitting this place up for my normal, boring necessities list every so often, before heading to Target.
5	Times like this, I wished I lived around in Arizona!This place has everything! From fresh groceries, gift bags, to school supplies!I was so shocked that they had fresh produce here, wish they have that back home in Oakland!Potatoes, watermelons, tomatoes, lettuce, bird food, toberlone chocolate, tooth paste, etc! They've got it!!
4	grreat, stocked produce section and good breads/rolls!
4	We love going through this store, they always have new things in there! Plan on spending at least an hour in there!I get a lot of my fresh fruits & veggies from here, it's the cheapest, even cheaper than Fry's! The shredded carrots and cabbage is of course only .99cents!Also, black beans, etc, .79-.99cents! At Fry's their about $1.99. You have to dig for the goods, but their there!Lotions and soaps I find to be knock off's and I don't like them. Been there done that!Now, Party decorations, gift bags, cards, toilet paper, etc...Cheap & good!Some things you can get for 2 for .99cents, I love that! Other things may only be .79 cents or .89 cents, but never more than .99cents!FUNNY: My daughter told me this Christmas that she already chose everything she wanted at the .99cent store. Only 5 things! WOW, I would have made out cheap had I listened to my 8 year old!!! But NO, I spent a few hundred on her!
4	Everything you want and need is.99 all day everyday! This store is located in my area and I love going here. They have almost anything your heart desires from groceries including fresh fruit and vegetables to reproductive health products such as tampons,  condoms,  ovulation or pregnancy tests that really work! In my case, the pregnancy test was a generic version of the EPT one... I am now the proud mother of a beautiful baby girl! While money is nothing when it comes to her, I'm glad to know that in the future, I won't need to spend $35.00 to find out when she'll be a big sister!Perhaps you are a senior citizen in need of muscle rub cream, but you can't afford to spend $6.00 for one tube at the pharmacy. The 99 Cents Only store has you covered! For the same price you'd pay at the pharmacy for one, you can get six tubes from 99 Cents Only! Not to mention the extra time you'll save because you won't be needing to run and by more every other day!A word of caution though, when it comes to buying a gallon of milk or things like toilet paper, the 99 Cents Only store is more costly. For example, each quart of milk is .99 cents. Four quarts = 1 gallon and that would make a gallon of milk purchased at the 99 Cents Only store cost $4.00. This is much more costly than a 1 gallon container of milk at a grocery store even if it was priced at $3.50 a gallon.  The same thing goes for toilet paper. Why pay $12.00 for 12 rolls, when department stores sell 12 rolls for $8.00!Hence, why I gave 4 stars instead of 5, but all in all if you're looking for a bargain on most anything, look no further than 99 Cents Only!
4	If you think there's some stigma associated with shopping here, eff you. You're not royalty so zip it. That being said, Tweekerville is nearby so you will be shopping with Tweekers at this store.A simple economic lesson- 12 ounces in a can.60 cents per can in the office vending machine33.814 ounces in a liter2 liters = 67.628 ounces   .99 cents per 2 liter Pepsi product at 99 Cents OnlyAnd while you're saving $$ on drinks for the brainstorming session, get some ramen (.29cents) some hot sauce (.99), salad dressing (.99), and a Nestle Crunch (.59) to stock your snack drawer with.Don't spend money on things that YOU KNOW should logically cost more than a dollar and you'll be fine. You really think those earbuds you paid $1 for are gonna sound good?
4	I don't waste my pennies because I know each penny earned is a penny saved. That penny can contribute to the great savings the 99 cent only stores have. Since the stores have a well perceived reputation from vendors they are allowed to purchase  items that are from overstock, closeout merchandise, and/or regular orders. The items here are not the bad brands or just simply generics. The 99 Cent Only stores provide hundreds of name brand items throughout there stores with all types of items. Lots of the big names from Dial, Coca Cola, Dole, Frito Lay, Nestle and many, many more. So what is the catch. Absolutely nothing. When I walked into this store each aisle was neatly organized loaded with merchandise. Yeah this is a store where you bring in the cart as each aisle has either something you need, want or must have.
1	My first experience in the store will be my last experience in the store.
4	BIG selection and clean, well lighted and stocked. Have just about everything you could imagine. Dry goods, grocery, refrigerated/frozen section, etc.
4	Love how they've been upgrading this place! Starting to get name brand drinks and snacks. Even their vegetable sections are improving. I go here for the things I know if I go anywhere else would be more expensive!
1	I purchased 73 items on 12/9/14 for a party I was going to have last night .  I have the reciept.  Unfortunatly I became ill and had to cancel the party.  I did not even take any of the items out of the 99 cents store bags and they have been in my trunk.  Today after work I went back to the same store with my reciept and my items to return.  After going to 3 registers, the shift manager, Sarah Hines finally helped me.  I handed her the reciept and told her I wished to return the items.  She said that she cannot do that.  I said, I bought them 2 days ago, they are in unopened original packaging and even in the bags they packed.   She said she can only take back 9 items.  I asked her to show me on the reciept, in the store, or at the register where it says that.  She said that it doesnt, its just a policy they have in the office in the back.  I told her that if its not posted anywhere in the store or on reciept, how would customers know that?  She said she didnt know.  I asked her to return the 9 items then and give me store credit for the rest and I would use it another time.  She began counting the items and then said, ok go get your 50 something items.  I said, no I dont need it now - I would like a store credit to use at a later time. She said she couldnt do that.  I asked her to call her manager, she would not.  I asked her to call corporate, she would not.  People in line behind me were shocked and 2 actually walked out of the store saying that they didnt want to buy items if they couldnt return them if they didnt work either.  She was yelling across 2 registers asking someone else to help her.  People in the store were all staring.  She was absolutely rude, unprofessional and a horrible employee.  Not the way that 99 cent only would want to be represented.  I asked her if I could return 9 items a day then and she said no you cant.  I asked her what my options were and she said you can leave with your items.  I asked her for corporates phone number and her name.  She wrote down a number, her name Sarah Hines, and then "manger".  As a manager, she cant even spell her own title?  I immediately called the number I was given and they said it was IT help desk for stores and not customer service.  I was even more upset.   They gave me the number for customer service which is closed.  I have never been treated so rudely.  There is no policy on my reciept that says that only 9 items can be returned.  There is no sign in the store or on the registers.  How can customers know of a policy if its not listed anywhere?  Its not like I bought items 30 days ago and are just coming back now.  It was 2 days!  I received absolutely no customer service from her or anyone in the store whatsoever.   I am livid right now.  I shop in that store very often and have never experienced anything like this.   If there is a return policy, it must be on the reciept or posted in the store.  I would like someone at Corporate to contact me regarding this. There has to be a solution regarding my situation.  The bags are still sitting in my car.  I just want to return them.  They are unopened, still wrapped in paper and in original bags.  And I have my original reciept.  Please contact me as soon as possible.
