2	You know how some antique stores/thrift shops are fun to browse around in and others just feel like they are rooms filled with a bunch of crap?  I hate to say it, but this "Emporium" is leaning towards the latter.  In comparison to the other antique stores I visited today, this was the bottom of the barrel.I didn't actually set out to find this one.  I was around the corner at The House of Funk and spotted it on my way to the next stop.  Since I was there, I decided to take a chance.Most of the stuff was in piles around the place.  Everything was dirty.  There were a few display cases, but everything was just thrown in them on top of each other so it was almost impossible to see what they even had for sale.  As I walked around, the lights suddenly came on.  I didn't realize but they had the lights out, which would explain some of the inherent creepiness.The one redeeming quality of Armstrong's Emporium is possibly Armstrong?  I don't know who the man was who was in charge of the place, but I assume he was the owner.  He was friendly, although he told me that it is difficult to "feel life" out of the blue.  I am still trying to figure out what that means or where that came from.  I asked him a question about something I was looking for and he gave me a great lead.  One star for that.I am just glad that I didn't get dragged down into the basement to meet The Gimp.
4	Fun place to look for treasures. You never know what you might find.
4	First things first: if you do not like feeling like you are in an episode of that show "Hoarders," just do not go inside. A warning for those people who like their personal space. At times, the aisles are a bit crowded, so it might be easy to knock something down.  I've been wanting to come to this place for a while, ever since I've been making the First Friday event a regular affair in my life. So we (my friends) went last night. The special was 20% off marked prices. There were no other customers besides us.I wanted to check everything out so I took my time. My feeling was it's kind of like you went to an outdated yard sale. One of my friends said she thought they probably aquired the inventory from yard sales or unclaimed storage spaces; she's probably right. My other friend broke something; but the lady working there said that it was ok, because they weren't supposed to be there. Things are very dusty and might not be clean. Things are sort of organized. But there is so much of it! I saw clothing (would make great Halloween costumes, is all I can say), shoes (old), kitchen items (dishes, cups, etc.), knick knacks (dust collectors), luggage (saw a vintage luggage bag, kinda cool), purses (very old and secondary labels), still-encased in plastic bath/soap sets (would that still work?), foot spa (still in the box), jewelry (vintage- yay!). I could of seen more but this is what I remember (yes, I am serious when I say that this place had a lot of stuff). So, as I was looking, it seemed as if I was not finding anything. Until I asked to look at some pieces in the glass case. Again, the inventory was a little overwhelming- I scanned it several times. The first one was a key charm bracelet marked at $6.00. Eureka! (Hence, the 4 stars, in case you were wondering.) I like interesting pieces; lately more interested in vintage styles. I looked at a figaro silver link necklace with a pendant marked $85.00 (overpriced, yes, exactly what I thought). I also looked at other ones but I just liked it, not loved it; and the sales lady agreed with me, knew what I was saying. So, just like any other thrift shop, sometimes you have to dig for treasures, and this can be fun (the thrill of the hunt). I might make this a regular stop since I found that one piece. One of my friends bought some bunny knick knacks- she loves Easter. My other friend liked the vintage salt and pepper shakers. She wants to come back to look at the picture frames another time. I don't think that this place gets enough foot traffic, since I only noticed a few other customers besides us the whole time we were there. When I checked out, the owner was talking about how he is broke sometimes but he loves doing this as he showed me a little card from 1927! Oh, it was so neat. It was a birth announcement mini card with a stork on the front of it (smaller than my cell phoned definitely); it was filled out. He said that he is happy doing what he is doing and that sometimes the side benefit is teaching other people something too (I told him that my mom used to be a teacher, so I knew what he meant). He also told me that his birthday is the day after mine and he is 75 years old- I told him that my mom was born in 1936 (also the same month as me- December). He also told me that he works 7 days a week and he just enjoys it so much. Yeah, he was chatty, a nice man, though. There's another store but it's only open 6 days a week. Need to check that one out too.  Definitely worth stopping by to see what you can unearth but don't say I didn't warn you about the masive amount of inventory.
4	This is the other location of Armstrong's. We've been to the other store many many times on First Friday, but we wanted to check this one out too. So, my friend and I went over there, kind of in an obscure location (the parking lot is the entrance- kind of odd). I don't think we would've found it on our own- good thing we got some help by the owner- she walked us through one alley and then we went to another- I know, it sounds bad. It was empty though, the alleys. This one is much smaller, much more organized, and not dusty at all. Items are usable, not junky. Very nice setup. I like that most things were grouped together- so much easier to navigate. I also did not get the feeling that I would break things if I bumped into something, either. BTW The owner told us that prices are negotiable. We saw lots of neat things- red goblets at $2 a piece, what a deal (I don't need anything for my kitchen though). My friend wanted a closer look at some things (glass covered case)- the owner was nice about showing her things. Jewelry was a little higher but since the owner said "prices are negotiable" I urged my friend to ask "What's the best price you can give me for this peridot necklace?" It was marked $70. First, she said, "$50." And my friend replied, "Will you take $45?" So, great deal for a pretty piece- has two chains (I don't usually see that- I'm a bit of a jewelry enthusiast). I was happy for my friend, because she's always searching for jewelry, but nothing really caught her eye at the other places. The owner said that she gets many pieces from the auction house and that it is open to the public. We told the owner we would come there first next time for First Friday, since she closes early (she told us that she doesn't get much traffic compared to the other store on Main)- she was nice enough to walk us there and reopen for us, specifically (the other store owners called her- they are family). And since we know that prices are not set in stone, it's certainly worth coming here, now isn't it?
2	Boo-urns! I think maybe I've been spoiled by really, really awesome antique stores in Reno when I was in college because this place just looked like a dump-truck pulled in and shoved off a bunch of stuff from the 80s and 90s. I don't know about anyone else, but I'm just not interested in looking at (or buying) VHS tapes from 1995.Apparently there are two Armstrong Emporiums, one on Main and another on Commerce. Supposedly the one on Commerce (just a block over) is supposed to bet better and bigger according to the owner.This one though is just a mess. I mean the stuff is just piled on top of things and there's no rhyme or reason to anything. If you want to go to an *antique* store and be able to actually find some gems I would suggest going somewhere else. If you want to browse around for awhile and possibly find something cool then this place may be up your alley.There was an awesome chicken cookie jar there that I had my eye on. But when I looked at the bottom it said it was Made In China. I was hoping it was at least made in America, some kind of kitschy Americana item, but alas, it was China-junk I could get at Wal-Mart. Sad experience.
