4	I've been in this CVS quite a few times on my drive into uptown - I have been greeted most of the time upon entering, with the few exceptions being when the workers were busying chatting on their phones or to each other!  My overall experience is with the pharmacy however, and the evening pharmacist that has been on duty has been great - very concerned about my needs and shows a lot of care and compassion with his work.  Just watching him fill scripts for a few minutes showed me that he's far more efficient than most pharmacies I have visited.  I went to the Walmart pharmacy for example and waited over 45 minutes for a script! - here at this CVS the wait time seems to average between 5 and 10 min!  Overall a great pharmacy with a great pharmacist ready to meet your needs! Just don't always expect the front staff to be all that upbeat and personal :)
3	This particular CVS isn't always the easiest to get in and out of. It seems kind of dark once you make it inside and you're lucky to get a hello from the staff. I simply went in for a bag of chocolates for the office, but walked around for a few minutes. In those few minutes no one asked if I needed assistance or even bothered to notice I was in there until it was time for me to pay for the chocolates. This particular CVS is close to the office I work in and I only use it when I need to pick up something small or I start coming down with something while at work. If it wasnt so close to work I wouldnt use this location, but its the best thing I've got! So I guess I can tolerate it.
5	I stopped here because I needed to use the minute clinic, when i first walked in the store was very clean and neat the sign in for the minute clinic was fast and easy...great service, the person that saw me was even helpful enough to show me the products I needed abd the difference between brands...great pharmacy
4	I called ahead to make sure they had what I was looking for and even early in the morning, the clerk was incredibly nice...When I came in, she pointed me directly to the audio headphones I needed and made sure I had a quick transaction... Overall, I've been here quite a few times, but the customer service I received on this visit made me a lot more likely to skip the Wal-Mart madness and head to CVS when I need another random item during a work day...
