2	The people that work here are far from friendly or helpful.  You need to argue with them to have them take your order.  One guy said he couldn't take our order because our table wasn't in his jurisdiction.  Finally our waitress showed after quite some time.  Our waitress claimed it was because they had been busy since 9:30PM (we got there around 3am).  I do sympathize with the staff because the place was pretty busy, but they have to be a little friendlier.  The food was ok, but not great.  they also were out of the beef for the dinner i ordered.
3	It's good ol' Waffle House!My friend and I arrived on Sunday afternoon after church ,the staff greeted us right away when we walked in. It's seat yourself, so we found a booth right by the window and a few moment later our waitress came over. She was pleasant, she grabbed our drinks and when she came back we already knew what we wanted to order. I went with the lunch special chicken, bacon and cheese sandwich. It comes with a drink and hash browns. I may be the only one, but I love it when they call out the orders to the cook. I mean sure it's loud but its always entertaining especially when it comes to the hash browns ..."SCATTERED, SMOTHERED, PEPPERED and COVERED"...lol what?!!? Awesome and delicious! Anyway, I digress, our food was ready fast and came out hot. The chicken sandwich was good, the bread was a little soggy and the bacon could have been crispier but it was still a pretty decent sandwich. The star of the meal was my hashbrowns...I love them extra crispy and loaded with goodies especially the jalapenos...do yourself a favor and just try it! But overall, it was a good meal.  I'd definitely come back!
5	Went there last night after 11teen beers and numerous tokes. I entered some sort of dream sequence when we were greeted and served by the sweetest eye shadow hog of a lady. The food is always dialed. The ladies and dudes alike are always atleast baseline for a restaurant- it's Waffle House for Christ sake.Anyway, the breakfast wizard we had last night deserves a shout but her name tag was all clapped out and faded. Keep doing your thing!
1	This was the second time I had been to this particular waffle house; the first experience being God awful. Terrible service, their tea had soured, and the food was incredibly poor - even for waffle house. I decided to give it a second chance, and in hindsight that was my first mistake. They were slammed when we got in, and we're not greeted, and almost walked out. But saw one open booth and decided to take it. The waitress apologized for the wait and took our orders. My problem doesn't lie in the customer service we were given; she took care of us quite well. The food, however, is a completely different story. The toast was cold, I had shells still in my scrambled eggs, and there was a hair in my hashbrowns. Never again.
