4	Yummy pancakes made from special house batter were perfectly golden, light/airy & spongy in texture, and had a subtle maple flavor even without the addition of their syrup.  Pancakes are their flagship breakfast entree, though you can choose from the many other items including omelettes, french toast, or the common 2-egg with sides combos.This place has a local owner with a family member as the chef named Dean that is admired by most patrons.  Oh, and he's the one who makes the delicious pancakes of course.  Atmosphere is clean, sterile, and almost like an old hospital cafeteria from decades ago (notice the operating room blue colored booths).  Patrons are almost exclusively senior citizens and the feel is relaxed, comfortable, and really is a throwback to casual breakfast spots were in the past.  Location is on the north side of Peoria just before 99th ave., not far west of the 101.  It's an older strip mall with ample parking, but down't be thrown off by the modest exterior (restaurant is to the far right when you enter the lot).I really like this place because of the overall vibe, friendly service, and pancakes.  It's also a nice getaway from Millennials.
4	Just a good ol' neighborhood restaurant! The kind of place where people gather to chat over a meal and coffee.  Very friendly staff and quick service.  The food is good, not gourmet, but good. I just had today's breakfast special. Chicken fried steak, two eggs, hash browns, and toast for $5.99.  My tummy is happy.
4	Have been going to Mercer's  for many years now and just signed up for yelp, thus the new review! This place has great food and for the most part great service. The owner and the wait staff that has been there the longest are fantastic! You'll figure out who they are. Now the food. Good all american fare. If you want a good meal at a fare price this is the place. It is right next to SunCity so the retired crowd are the main clientele. The only downfalls this place has is the decor, which they just spruced up. It is clean and maintained, just dated decor, southwest colors from the 80's, the others downfall is the desert. Pies, and cakes both seem to be frozen and thawed food service food. Otherwise you'll love the food. chicken pot pie is great and the fish and chips is just like back home in the midwest!
2	Me and my boyfriend went here to try out something new for dinner. After reading the Yelp reviews, I had to try the fish n chips for myself, because I am PICKY! PICKY! PICKY! when it comes to fish n chips. My b/f ordered the Texas Burger. So our order arrives and the food was piping hot (very good), HOWEVER.....the quality wasn't there. My fish n chips were so-so, they look like deep fried blocks/cubes of fish. It was dry and the tartar sauce was too mayonaiss-ie. The Texas burger was oddly shaped, (rectangular) and served on a sub style bread. The burger wasn't the best and the flavor was bland. I guess this place has a thing for square-ish looking food? Anyway, I've certainly had WAY better fish n chips in Rio Rancho, NM at Turtle Mountain Brewing Company :D As far as decor....it just plain sucks! very, very, very drab and outdated. It's bad enough dealing with flourescent lightning at work, but in a restaurant?? wtf! Everyone looked sallow and yellow. I would've gave it 1 star but I added the extra star because the check was easy on the wallet and I liked the iced tea lol :)
4	The other reviews are pretty much dead-on: good food, great price, dated decor.Went here with my grandparents -- it's a staple for them. Had the #1 breakfast. Toast was a bit crunchier than I would have liked, but the hashbrowns and eggs were dead on. The coffee was just good, regular, restaurant coffee. The service was nice and efficient, but not too fast (when it can start to feel pushy). They had a good crowd, but it wasn't crowded for a Sunday morning -- at least not until we were leaving and one of the church groups was coming in. Don't know how they are for other meals, but it seems to be a great place for breakfast.
4	I was brought here for breakfast on several occasions and I'm happy to say that while the decor is a little grandma-y the food is good and the prices are even better. The servers are friendly and make you feel at home.  Good eats.
3	This place looks like it has been around forever and passed up about 5 opportunities for updated decor.  It is done in the old southwestern pastels.  I think it was an all booth restuarant, but the booths have seen better days.  Whatever - they do pack em in.  We both ordered omelets but they forgot the ham in my companions.  The omelet was fine - nothing notable but hot and tasty.  Coffee was fresh and good and they kept it coming.  I'd go back for breakfast and maybe try a dinner.  They have beer and wine so it isn't a total minus 1 on that note.
4	Great food and a friendly staff.  They'll remember your booth and drink preference and have great patience with special orders.  Food is consistently good and always hot.  They've got great breakfast deals and I'd gladly give them five stars if their soups and salads were better.  Soups tend to be thick and gummy and my salads could have used a few more spins to get them dry.  Overall, good family joint with quick, friendly service and great deals.
3	My parents took me here with my Aunt and Uncle. It's a home cookin' kind of place with a super friendly staff and decent food and really good prices. They were very accommodating to my dad, who is disabled and everyone seemed satisfied with their meal. I ordered the pork chops which were pretty regular, how-ya-doing pork chops that were hot and fresh and just salted, nothing fancy here.The quality of the meat was just average but since they were hot and fresh they were reasonably tasty. The carrots either came out of a can or they were boiled for a good long time 'cause they were mushy. My fries were fries.Holy good lord was it bright fluorescent in there! Don't go on a date here unless you are really sure you want to see every wrinkle on your date's face. Plus, your date will look extra special in this bright light with the backdrop of the old school paneling you had in your basement growing up. It's not a swank place but that's A-OK because no one was there for the decor.So ... Mercer's is not really my kind of place, BUT, it is highly practical with its pretty good food at very reasonable prices without the frills. I'd say a lot of people would like that.
3	Add salt to your meal.  This place is on the outskirts of Sun City.  My meal was not bad just bland.  They cater to their primary customer base.
3	Stopped in here for a quick dinner. Definitely not a "foodie destination" but the service was good and the prices are nice. I had one of the specials, corned beef and cabbage, for $8.99. The portion size of the corned beef was very generous and it came with a quarter head of cabbage and some carrots and potatoes. You definitely need to add salt and pepper as the seasoning does tend to be rather bland as noted by another reviewer. The small side salad I got with it was good and I really liked the addition of the beets on it. Hubby got the ribeye steak with mashed potatoes and green beans. The potatoes were instant and the green beans definitely came out of a can but he said his steak was good. We ended up splitting a strawberry shortcake afterwards and it was really good. I liked how they used a regular biscuit instead of spongecake so it is not too sweet. So all in all it was an okay dinner and I'm sure we will go back simply because of its location to the lodge and how quick they are in getting your food out to you.
4	This place was excellent.  We both had the 10oz prime rib for $11.99, which came with choice of potato, salad, and vegetable.  This would have been $20 easily at Texas Road House (but Mercer's does not have peanuts).  I was glad to help out a local business and receive cheap food with great service in return.  We will be going back to try something else soon.
3	3.5 StarsMercer's is definitely geared for the Sun City crowd but has some good things to offer.  If you have an elderly family member or friend in Sun City you should really think about coming here.  You are greeted warmly every time, your order is taken promptly and food makes it to your table in a reasonably amount of time.  This all equals to a pleasurable experience, plus they have a large place that can also take in large groups.  The menu has many options and the meals are good old fashion plates you would get at a diner.  The meals are on the low sodium side but as I mentioned above this place is just on the outskirts of Sun City.  I've always have been here for dinner but their breakfast menu looks good too.  I can't remember but they have all you can eat pancakes on one weekend (Saturday I think) days.  Don't worry folks they do have two large flat screen TVs with cable/dish too.  Your elderly family or friend will enjoy this place and why not come here if you're able to put a smile on their face!
4	We have patronized this place several times over the years, and the food and service have always been good.  It's a family atmosphere and is almost always crowded. The only drawback is that you may have a wait to get in and the front lobby is very small, so you may have to wait outside.  It gets even more crowded when you try to pay at the front cashier's station in the midst of the people waiting to get in.  Once in, the menu is quite varied and the food quality has always been good.  We have never had poor service while there either.  We live a ways away, so only go there on occasion but they have a lot of faithful regulars who live in the area on Peoria Ave.
4	I love the fish fry all you can eat cod!! Its the best! Big pieces,flakey, very delicious and full filling. Not to mention the staff is friendly and the atmosphere has a home feeling to it! Keep up the great work with this place!! My family and I will defiantly be back!!
5	Nice place for homemade food. Large portions so you will not be hungry , and affordable for senior citizens too! My mom likes this place. Cod & ribs & prime rib & breakfast are pretty taste !
3	Good basic American food. The prime rib is tasty, tender and juicy. They serve it with a horseradish sauce upon request.
5	They've got the best ranch dressing I've found so far in Arizona. They've got burgers they got pot roast they've got old style cooking anything you want it is a great place to go.
5	If you're looking for a great place to grab an affordable yet satisfying meal, look no further. They have breakfast, lunch and dinner options that are sure to appeal to a wide assortment of diners. I had the biscuits and gravy with bacon and coffee and I couldn't believe how affordable the meal was. I also love the fact that this place is family owned which really comes through in the excellent service and attention to detail. You won't leave here hungry!
3	We arrived there at about 11am and waited awhile for the hostess to showOrdered the Reuben and it came with no dressing, hostess said it was because they had a lot of seniors! WTH? If you're going to modify a standard sandwich, the least you could do in note the new sandwich ingredients in the menu. Bizarre.Soup out before the sandwich. When you get soup and a sandwich, most people expect them at the same time. You can at least ask if you want the soup out first.Server kicked a utensil across the floor. Unbelievable.Food generally pretty good but the service was on par with a low rated restaurant.Food out fast and hot which is a plus.The general gist I got was they cater to seniors and judging by the reason they modify their Reuben, I think it's an accurate impression. 3 stars and I think I'm being generous. I won't look to come here again but might not pass it up if I don't feel like going further.Meh.
4	We're staying near the University of Phoenix stadium for Phoenix Comicon Fan Fest. There are a ton of restaurants in the area within walking distance but it's a Saturday night and everything is very busy. So I turned to Yelp looking for alternatives and Mercer's kept coming up. What the hell, we jumped in the car and drove a few miles down the road to check it out. The restaurant is a dark corner of a strip mall and didn't look like much on the outside. Things don't get much better when you enter. Everything is in washed out shades of blue, grey and beige. The combined age of the clientele has to seriously be in the thousands. You really think you've stumbled into a senior center cafeteria. But once you get over that, everything was great. Service was fast, the waitress was friendly and the food was excellent and cheap. We got the cheeseburger and the prime rib sandwich. My only real complaint was that the cheeseburger was a little on the small side but it was a hand made patty and it was very tasty. Our meal came out to less than $20. I'd go back to Mercer's any day.
