3	I used to come here and eat the big slices of Sbarro pizza in the food court and just people watch.  Although I am not much of a mall person, I enjoy this mall more than any other in the Charlotte region because it isn't ghetto and it isn't snooty either, it is right in between.  I like the Newsstand to gaze at the Rolling Stone and I like Lids for my head accessories.  Carolina Place is really laid back.
3	I used to go shopping here quite often with the parentals, but that was many years ago & now I only travel here for the stuff around it. The mall used to be the nice new place where people in & around the city traveled. But lately the mall has started slipping & just doesn't offer up as much as it used to be.I do go to some places around the mall though, such as REI & Buca Di Beppo. This area used to be sparse with commerce, but it's built up a lot lately & they have some good options around the mall.But if you're heading to Carolina Place for the mall aspect, don't expect anything spectacular. They have your normal stores like any other mall, so nothing special. But it's not a bad trip to check out the stores & restaurants around the mall.
4	I agree with Garret G...it's not ghetto (Eastland) and it's not snooty (South Park). It's a little bit of a drive, but when I need to get my mall on, I usually head to Carolina Place as the baby-bear (just right) alternative for me.There are some good restaurants in the area as well, including Buco di Beppo, and the food court is pretty nice. The indoor play area is also an asset when the little niece is visiting.
4	I was pleasantly surprised with this mall. It's nicely decorated and has a spacious layout. Most of the mainline stores are here. It was very clean inside too.I didn't spend much time here and I don't live nearby. It seems nice and I'd be happy to come here again when in the neighborhood!
3	Probably not my first choice in malls, but it's alright.  Being in Charlotte for a while, I've seen this mall change through the years.I definitely like the design of the subtle "S" shape of the mall, making it seem longer than it really is since you can't see end to end.Parking around the food court can be a little scary, but I usually just try to get in and out really quick when I need to go here.  I did just recently go into the REI (which is fairly new) but it's really neat to go in a look around... I didn't realize it was 2 stories.  The other farily recent addition is the Barnes & Nobles.  Another good spot, but always busy.
5	I was here earlier today and I have to say every time I've gone there its always a nice experience. It never seems to be too packed and they actually have a very nice selection of stores. I always end up leaving with more than I intended on getting, but I think that's may just be the shopaholic in me. lol. I also like their food court, but other than that its your typical mall.
3	The only really bad thing about Carolina Place is the location.  It is not anywhere near where my normal routine takes me, and so that means getting there is a bit of a chore.  To make matters worse, the traffic around the mall is horrible.  It is a shame, really, because the parking lot at the mall is one of the better ones in the city.Selection in the mall is actually top-notch.  Not as far as pricing, mind you, but as far as regular-guy stores.  This is just your standard mall, and that is okay.  Even the outparcels are good - what is more is that they are almost always full.  The stores in the mall are generally occupied, the stores outside the mall are typically full, even the blocks (and blocks, and blocks) around the mall usually have someone in them.  It is actually quite impressive.Go to Concord Mills and they have to build.  Here they just keep reusing old buildings, which is really nice to see.  Now it would be nice if they could take up a little of the space and create some decent infrastructure so traffic was not so bad all the time!
2	Not the best or the worst mall in Charlotte. I'm the in and out type of guy - go straight to correct store, shop and get back to car/drive back home. In that perspective, Carolina Mall works.For a fuller mall feel, I Concord Mills Mall and others better than this one.
3	I hate malls! I wasn't a mallrat when I was a kid. I tend to avoid malls as much as possible Unfortunately, in a twist of fate, I was "blessed" with two girls who are about to hit mallrat stage. Oh bliss!And this visit was 100% their fault. We hit all the "cool" stores like P.S. by Aeropostale, The Children's Place, Build-A-Bear, The Rack Room... I'm feeling nauseous...Meh, it's a mall. Of all the malls in Charlotte this is the only one I'd ever really set foot in. It's very mall-like. It's not a narcissistic hellhole like Southpark, it's as generic as Northlake, it's not its own city like Concord Mills, it's not the arsehole of the world like Freedom (is that one still even there?). It's a mall.
3	I am not a huge fan of malls and when I go, I want to get in and get out pretty quickly. Usually when I go to the mall, I am going to one of the big anchor stores, and once inside those, I generally find a pretty good selection at Carolina Place. There is plenty of parking but unfortunately, getting  out of the mall parking lot onto 51 or one of the other surrounding roads can be a bit of a hassle.
3	I only venture over to Carolina Place when I have gift cards for JC Penny and now that they've done away with all the good sales on kids clothing it's really not even worth the trip since the other stores are just regular mall stores.  Nothing special about Carolina Place unless you live close by, otherwise South Park is your best bet.
4	I love this mall!!It's not overwhelming and always packed like Concord Mills and it has stores that everyone can shop in...like Belk and JC Penny's all of my other favorites stores like Bath and Body Works, NY and Company, Express...the list goes on and on...It's always clean and I rarely have trouble finding parking. Right off the highway which is a huge plus in my book but another reason this mall is so great is the location... it's surrounded by really good restaurants, like Harpers, Red Lobster, Olive Garden.I'm really a fan and I would recommend my friends and family to this mall.
5	My favorite mall in the Queen City area. It has a down to earth vibe to it. A great mall because it's really never packed.
1	ALERT TO PARENTS AND SHOPPERS OF CAROLINA PLACE MALL:  One of the employees of the massage parlor (Oasis) next to the kid's play area was caught inconspicuously taking pictures of my 4 yr. old daughter while she was playing there.  Even though it is private property, the General Manager of the Carolina Place will not ban him from working at the mall because it is not against the law to take pictures of little girls.  The police report number is 121005-2147.
3	It's an average mall with nothing to really brag about.  Has real anchor stores like Belks, Sears, JC Penny's, and Macy's and other various national mall stores.  The food court has a fine selection of places serving Bourbon Chicken.   There is a REI store on the backside of the mall, so that makes it more unique compared to the other malls in the area, but beyond that you are not going to find anything special here that you cannot find anywhere else.  No real crime or gang issues at this mall, too boring for that.
3	I remember when this mall first opened and it was AWESOME.  Throughout the years it has gone a bit downhill, but it still serves a purpose of having some pretty cool specialty shops and all the major anchors (Belk, Macy's, JC Penney etc...).I like to people watch so it's always interesting to see who is there from the EMO teen crowd to older mall walkers.  The Food Court has all of the standard mall places like Sbarro and the like.Parking on the weekends may take you some time to find the "perfect" spot, but there is plenty of spots available.  The REI is a nice addition and I am always surprised that the Barnes and Noble is still in business (I LURVE AMAZON).When I want a better shopping experience, I make the drive to Southpark, but when I have specific places to get in and get out of, I head over to Carolina Place.
4	Carolina Place is a great drive from my house and the proximity is something that makes it stand out. It's not an upscale mall like South Park by any means, but if you want a good bargain you should come here to find it. They have a good selection of stores including Belk, JC Penny, Macy's and Dillards, as well as Bath and Body Works, The Limited, and Forever 21. Recently they added a TCBY, which I thought was a great addition and seems to be very popular. The food court has your standard mall food, but my favorite is Chick - Fil - A.
4	I have lived in Charlotte since before Carolina Place opened and it was a welcome addition to the area.  It started to dip a little in quality for a bit, but seems to be picking up some steam again.It can be a terror to get in and out of during the holidays, as all shopping centers are, but even on most busy weekends you can survive a trip for shopping with minimal damage to your body or car.  Your typical southern mall anchors are located here - Belk, Dillard's JCPenney, Sears, Macy's.  My usual store trips are Lane Bryant, Yankee Candle and Bath & Body Works.  Maybe the Hallmark store, probably Auntie Ann's.  Belk was recently renovated and the Lane Bryant is a full store plus it took over the store next to it, so the lingerie/sleep section is huge.  The attached REI is nice and the Barnes & Noble is huge.My teenage years of stalking the mall are WAY behind me, so I get what I need and get out rather than window shopping for hours so I can't speak as to the crowds.  If I am there around feeding time, the food court has some great choices including Chick Fil A and Sbarro.  Or if a more sit down and relax outside of the shopping center experience is what you need, there is a Harper's attached that provides some excellent food.
4	Good selection of stores catering to the mostly middle class shopper.  No high end stores here. If you want pricey head to South Park.Love this mall and the food court is awesome, too.  Olive Garden, Red Lobster, Buca de Peppo, and Applebees are located just outside the mall in the parking area.
3	Just your typical mall.  Nothing out of the ordinary.  It was kept pretty clean as well and had a large amount of parking.
4	This mall is huge! In the mall or in the immediate area are JC Penny, Macy's, Dillards, HotTopic, Belk, Sears, REI, Toys R Us, Garden Ridge, and more! Looking for food? Plenty of options: Red Lobster, Olive Garden, Buca de Peppo, and more. The glass ceiling allows a lot of natural light to get into the mall which gives the feel of an open-air mall, even though it's enclosed. There are two floors with many junctions with stairs and escalators and elevators. This is a great one-stop shop for an individual, a couple, or a family - there's something for everyone. There are plenty of areas to park around the mall, but like any mall, it may take you a while driving around to find a space during busy times (weekends, holidays, etc.)
3	This is an interesting mall for me. From the outside it looks nice. The grounds are well kept and everything seems to be in good repair. Same with the interior.The first thing I don't get here is that there are FIVE department stores here. For whatever reason Americans love their department stores I guess. You don't see malls in Canada with more than two department stores and even then Sears is struggling.The other thing about this mall that is odd is that the large majority of clothing stores located here are sportswear stores. If you were blindfolded and taken here you would think Charlotte is full of people who only wear hoodies, basketball shorts, and Nikes.Aside from the sportswear there is your standard chain store offering like Aeropostale, Victoria's Secret, and XXI. There's a couple of restaurants attached to the mall and also a few out in the parking lot. The food court has a handful of options including a froyo place, McDonalds, and Chick-fil-a.
1	Santa Claus here sucks!  They wouldn't even give us a couple minutes to settle our child down.  They just shooed us along and wouldn't even try to help calm our kid down.  How disappointing it is that these people are charging an arm and leg for these pictures but will not even attempt to settle a child down or get them acclimated to a stranger with a long beard! I will not be back to see year people again!I
3	What to do on Christmas Eve eve... oh, Carolina Place Mall is open 'til 11pm? Let's go wander around there and watch the masses scramble for gifts.When I need to make a mall trip, this is not at the top of the list for me. I rank Northlake, SouthPark and Concord all above it. One: anything that involves 485 does not make me pleasant. Two: The store selection here is just kind of meh. Three: it's a pain to get in and out of this place.Now I will say this, there is an H&M on the way which could be a game changer for this place. It will be great for people on the south side of town since currently there is just the one location up at Northlake. Until SouthPark gets one, this one will do for our side of town.Typical anchor stores here. I don't want to say that it feels outdated... I don't think that's the right description. Maybe old school vibe is more accurate.If I'm near this area and need a mall, I'll venture here. But with so many better options in the Charlotte area, it's definitely not a must-go shopping destination on my list.
5	I'm a mall fanatic and shopaholic, and while visiting a friend in the area I said I was having mall withdrawals and he brought me to this one!Very nice mall and I'm used to the Boston area malls, very crowded, but it was a dreary Saturday afternoon, so there probably wasn't much else to do that day. Stores were pretty much the same as where I'm from with the exception of Dillards and Belk which I hadn't been to in a long time.The food court had more of a variety than I'm used to, long lines at every restaurant, but like I said, it was a Saturday afternoon! The Barnes and Noble was awesome, huge store, comfortable with lots of variety, I loved the Hallmark store, lots of different gift items which would be great at Christmastime. Spent forever in Yankee Candle, people probably thought I'd never been in one before, but it happens to be one of my favorite addictions, I mean, stores! Great mall to walk around in, huge variety, 2 levels of shops and restaurants. Would go back again on my next visit, but I hear theres a mall with Valet parking in Charlotte, so may try that one out next time!
1	Gave this mall yet another try again today, disappointed again.  Easily second fiddle to any other mall in the area.  All the regular stores, plus some of the more trashy ones.  And watch out for the security nazis, same jerk came by twice in 6 min to tell my 3 kids to calm down, and we were outside the mall!?!  I figured outside was the best place for my kids to run & play while we waited for the stores to open.  Will continue to go to SouthPark of all my mall needs.
3	Nice clean mall inside and out.Food court is lacking in options. If you don't work at the mall you wouldn't eat at the mall. Good store options available but could use different variety...lots of sports ones.Hair cutters places?Good location easy to get in and out with lots of directions.
5	Love shopping at this mall.... Very affordable especially during the holiday season! Just be careful shopping on the weekends! It can get VERY crazy!!!!!
3	Very typically mall experience.  It's big and busy and everything was crowded before Christmas.  It's clean and well lit.  The parking lots are as convenient as they can be.  Nothing stood out to me, either good or bad... so three stars... a-ok.
5	First time visiting this mall and it definitely has a good spread of shopping and food. We weren't on a mission to purchase anything so we were just walking around but it was clean, bright and buzzing with activity.
