5	I recently started to have water delivered. I'd heard of Sparklett's, so I looked them up and learned that DS Waters provides the delivery service.  This is my first time having water delivered, and I am so far very pleased with the service. I got a free hot/cold water dispenser (although I don't bother with the hot tap because I want the cold water to be as cold as possible!).  The delivery guy was very friendly and answered all of my questions without trying to rush me or make a sales pitch.
1	My parents used Sparklett's for years, so I went with Sparklett's when I moved out on my own.  I've had it for years and never really had any major problems, until now.  I've lived at the same address for 10 years with the same service and all of a sudden, I can't get my water delivered according to their schedule.  I've called several times and even put in for an extra delivery, but they won't drop off any water.  I'm on autopay and have a zero balance, so that isn't the issue.  I looked online and my delivery history has a note from a new delivery man stating that I either moved or died.  No such luck, Mr. Delivery Man. More phone calls to their 800 number and still no water.
3	I have to update because DS Waters has driven me to madness. You can't really screw up bottled water. It's water in a bottle. C'mon.  But what you CAN mess up is the service.  Two problems: 1) Information is poorly communicated to the customer 2) DS Waters' offices do not communicate well with their drivers.  I was told by the initial driver during my sign-up that I could change my water order at any time. What I wasn't told was that on the "budget plan" I was on (where you get a certain # of bottles a month) if you change it in the middle of the pay period you lose your money.  Fine- just make that clear ahead of time.The next problem was when I changed residences and properly provided my new information.  Rather than simply deliver my next order to the new place, they treated it like second new account and charged me for twice as many jugs of water  as I needed, PLUS gave me the introductory package stuff - the energy drink powder and two flats of bottled water. I told them I don't even have enough room for this stuff!! Please take it back and refund my money for this error. Not only could they not refund (they would only credit), but they took several days to get the stuff- and they had to discard it all, due to law, the driver told me. Oh. Now you tell me.Next, when I found I was getting too much water at the new place and lowered my budget plan I was told it would come as three bottles for one delivery and two for another delivery.  I still had too many jugs so I asked them to give me the two first,and the three for the second delivery. They said fine, no problem.  I know what you're thinking- they  messed up and gave me three first.  No. They messed up and gave me FIVE all at once.  The drivers themselves are great but service sucks!!
1	We today discontinued service with DS Water, and Sparklettes.  From day one we have, had issues with them.  We will call and they apologize. But every month we have to ask them to deliver.  Then the last delivery the driver told them that he could not find our place. Mind you this is the same delivery driver that we got the first day.  He lied.  So the MANAGER brought the water.  Told him all that is going on, and he said it wouldn't happen again.  GUESS WHAT... it happened AGAIN!!  So we called and told them to pick up their machine, and that we are VERY DISATISFIED!  We were lied to from the beginning of the service contract, and they broke the contract EVERY SINGLE month.  Horrible customer service, if you even get to talk to a human being, rude drivers, and all around HORRIBLE service.  And definitely not worth the money we paid for in home services.
1	They operate as sparkelets so I have had to do 2 reviews as they are liars they hide under the ds waters name PLEase read my sparklets review BUT I Stress they suck don't call pick anyone else but them
