1	This place is horrible. The front desk staff is so rude. After the doctor saw my son, I went to the front desk to make an appointment. They call someone else up when I'm trying to talk to them, so I wait. As I am waiting, another family gets next to me. I asume they're going to wait until after me. No, they go ahead and tell the guy they need an appointment and I tell him I need an appointment too. The man in the front desk completely disregarded the fact that I was there first and helped them before me. The only reason I didn't say anything is because I knew I would have a attitude and I was too classy to  make a scene. Oh, how I regretted it. Such an incompetent staff.Aside from that I made an appointment for 10 o clock and didn't get seen until 11:30. What's the point of making appointments if you're not going to honor them?The only reason there is a star on here is for the great doctor.
1	This place is the worst!!! Our first visit here and we waited two hours before being seen by a dr. when we clearly had a set appointment! The staff is rude, unprofessional, and not knowledgeable. My 10 year old sister has better people skills! How dare they have the nerve to make insults in Spanish thinking I do understand cause I spoke English. We had to make a 2nd visit for my daughters follow up on blood work over an hour wait again even though I had an appointment. Someone who knows what the are doing should be setting appointment times for this office. I will never come back here again. Is rather drive across town then deal with this office!!!!! However the dr. Seemed very nice but the staff ruined it.
1	This office was one of the worst services I have ever received. First of all, when I made the appointment with the young man receptionist on the phone, I had mentioned the insurance coverage I had for my new born baby and he failed to mention they were not in network providers and just continued making my appointment. I understand it's my responsibility to know what doctors to go to but he could have been courteous and mentioned that they don't take my insurance. He said I had to pay up front and bill my insurance later. Being that I was a new mom, I took his advice and come to realize later that my insurance wouldn't be reimbursing me. The staff was unprofessional and they all gossiped the whole time in Spanish. Me being a Spanish speaker felt embarrassed for their lack of respect to their patients. I would never recommend this place to anyone.
