2	Now, I might be a bitty biased in my review, I used to work behind the bar during my first year at University. I think this sums it up - first year at University.  When I first started Uni, my brother, being an experienced socialite in Edinburgh, prepared a list for me. A list of clubs and when the best nights to go are, and Why Not features heavily. Naturally, I was curious, and he was not wrong. In freshers week, this small-ish, mysterious club was my playground. Throughout the year I frequently ventured to Why Not, particularly on a Monday or Friday, and have some of the best memories of nights out there. BUT...I realised shortly after going into 2nd year that Why Not is purely for the young'uns.  I realised that those great nights I had in the past were entirely based upon who I was with and who I met, not where I was. It was around this time that I realised how totally horrible Why Not is. Where it was once a great novelty to be in a club with carpet (I know, carpet) , it became a sticky, disgusting mess. As I said, I worked behind the bar for a few months to pay for beer tokens, and the gruesome things I saw were beyond the imagination of Tim Burton.The club has somewhat of a negative reputation, the place for yah's and socialites to meet other yah's and socialites. Being in first year, you never really notice it, but now it's ridiculous.  I was lucky in that I was always able to get a highly covated place in the VIP room - save your ooh's and aah's please  - basically a room with drinks twice the price and a sofa. A sofa. did you get that?the queue is always around the corner, if you don't go at 10pm then expect at least a 30minute wait. The drinks deals can be ok, but the alcohol content is always low. And, sorry boys, but Why Not is a thoroughly sexist-biased society - if you're a girl you will get in no matter how drunk you are. If you're a boy and sober, it's 50/50.SO. All in all, Why Not has given me fond memories yes, but overall it is definitely not somewhere I would go or recommend. Ok, bright-eyed first year students will love it as it is a glorified meet'n'greet but it is not worth the trouble as you get older. A Saturday night in the club is aimed at the older person, and is therefore always dead/ full of old men. The music is very cheesy, with the last song always always always being Lionel Ritchie 'All night long' . If you're into that then great. If not, there are fantastic clubs all along George Street.
2	Why Not? Because there are better clubs around. With better music too.It's mostly a first-year student crowd here. This fact however doesn't seem to make it cheap. Gone are the days that being a student immediately brought to mind unshaven, bushy eyed young people who are looking for a cheap pub. I remember waiting for so long in the ques here and then getting very annoyed at all the rude and obnoxious (and to mention sober at that point) fellow clubbers who just went to the front with the air that they own the place.  Plus the bouncers have a God complex and small-man syndrome badly. They wouldn't let in my rather tall friend in because of his coat (it wasn't formal enough), although truth be told he towered over them.
2	Its no surprise to see Why Not labelled as a first year student's club. Cheesy music, a memorable name, plush decor etc all equate to somewhere to congregate and have a laugh. Eventually, however, after first year you begin to notice the transparency of these features and realise its just another rubbish club.I've noticed other reviews comment on the unnecessarily strict bouncers. I don't think you can blame them when they have to deal with rowdy, immature first year students hell bent on relieving their tension by getting absolutely sloshed. There's no denying I used to be a first year student and went to this very club. Its just going after this initial year is a plain mistake.
2	Why Not? Or How No? as it's nicknamed by some when translated into Scottish dialect, is a downstairs basement club, often displaying long, long queues of people waiting beside The Dome and attempting to get in. As a general Edinburgh rule, don't come out without your ID, even if you think your advanced crow's feet are an automatic ticket into any club. You'd be wrong, as this city is one that's keen for constant ID waving, and especially here. Once you've braved the waiting times in the queue, if you're anything over the age of 21, you'll probably enter the establishment and instantly feel the eyes of younger, more beautiful people with their whole lives ahead of them, staring at you with laser beam eyes that spell out, "You are past your sell by date, move it along quietly to the nearest bar for the elderly without any fuss".I probably got two years out of Why Not before the window of age narrowed in on me and I felt prehistoric, but I was never the biggest aficionado of the club in the first place. Yes, the cheesey tunes and major party atmosphere are a plus, but the drinks are pretty pricey, much like the entrance fee, and I feel the interior could do with a cheeky revamp. However, if you're 18 and have the power of youth going for you, then you'll probably have no issue with the banter here.
2	I first visited Why Not? when asked to accompany a friend to a "tennis" themed night. I know this place has a reputation for young first years but the clientele on this night were of a more specific sort. Not to be too judgemental or anything, but my fellow tennis players were clearly the wealthy, pony owning , yacht sailing, socialites who looked at me with my scruffy hair and stubble like I was one of their escaped animals.Maybe it was just a bad night because when I returned there was definitely a more varied clientele. Albeit still within the young, wealthy student variation. My entire time I felt out of place and uncomfortable in this expensive club. I'm not bad at mixing in different social circles and I make some kind of effort when I go out. But in both cases I felt like some horrible reminder of how ugly reality could be to pristine, shot drinking, lipsticked, care free "libertines", or whatever appearance they were effortfully practicing.Okay so maybe I just went in on TWO bad nights and maybe the problem is really me. Especially given its reputation as being more plebian than nearby clubs on George St. Either way I didn't feel like Why Not? was worth the queue.
1	Because it's shit. Simply put, Why Not? is the worst club in the centre of town by a long way. It manages to somehow survive down to it's Monday and Friday nights, which are full of first year Rahs who want to get their face and name banded about but haven't realised that Why Not? is not the place to do it. It puts on all the airs and graces of a place for socialites to hang out, but it's just for snotty little rich kids who are barely old enough to drink. Also everyone there is absolutely hammered and in this state, even more up their own arse.The club itself is pretty dire as well. On first glance it seems okay, until a few people come in and you realise just how small it is. Also the geni-i (yes that is the plural of genius) that designed it decided to put the dance floor in between the bar and seating area. Not too bad in theory, but with their Gestapo like rules on not having drinks on the dancefloor, trying to find a nice seat to have a few drinks and avoid the douchebags dancing proves to be difficult.If you want to go to a George Street club and have finished at least your first term at uni don't come here, go to Opal or Lulu instead. This is a truly awful place.
3	This is the club I went to most often when I was in my first year at uni, it was a weekly ritual to go every Monday and sometimes the odd Friday. During term times, this place is most definitely a student club and they put quite a bit of effort in advertising their nights around student halls. It was really great in the first year to have a place where you could go and see lots of your friends in one place, however after the first year, a new batch of freshers come and it's not quite the same.The club itself pretty small and can get very packed and the queue to get in can be pretty awful as well as the queues to get a drink from the bar.There really isn't all that much in the way of seating, most of the times I have been I had to lean on walls as all the seating areas were full. They also have a VIP room, which will make you feel anything but a VIP, with more expensive drink deals and a watered down red bull fountain.The worst thing about Why Not however, is undoubtedly the bouncers, they will throw you out for the most minuscule thing and they have a huge bias towards females, refusing entry to males who are just as inebriated as the females they have already let in.
