4	great food--not the same old, same old stuff.donna was a great server and we enjoyed her explanations of the food.it was just a tad pricey by about 20% but it was good. my wife and i liked the fact that the portions were not overwhelming and we could eat and be full without getting a carry out bag. we saw a coyote standing near the tee about 20 yards away and also a rabbit down on the fairway.this place is just 2 and one half miles west of maricopa on highway 238 and is called grille 109. it is newly remodeled and very nice and comfortable. we loved it!
5	Ate there last night for the first time. it was pasta night. for 9.95 you get the salad bar and a chef prepared pasta dish. it was very good. taking friends and parents there next week. chef was super nice and very helpful in helping you decide what you wanted. he wasnt pushy and didnt try to hurry you. i even got a free creme brulee (my favorite dessert) from him. he created a strawberry one. very yummy. they have a chicken bufett on tue. (have not tried it yet but want to) and prime rib on friday and saturday. dont know what took us so long to finally go to this place but im sure we will be regulars now. much better than the duke i think.
5	visited on  4/25/2012 Second Wednesday in a row... Love pasta night. The chef is awesome.
1	We just played in the southern dunes scramble and won the event at 18 under.  The prize for winning was a foursome of golf that requires me to pay $25 per person for a cart fee.  So winning this event cost me $100 and will still cost me $100 to play again. Oh..and i can't play until after noon on Saturday our Sunday...are you serious?? They should be ashamed!  Not only will i never go back here, but i will tell every person i know who plays golf in the Phoenix area what a disgrace this place is.
3	This is Maricopa's version of fine dining, a step up from the multitude of fast food and pizza places that we have, but not a very big step up.   We went for dinner on a Friday night to celebrate Father's day a little early.  My father had the prime rib and I had a fish dish.  Both came with a salad.  The portions were decent and everything tasted almost as good as home cooking leftovers, nothing special.  The fish was a little overcooked and kind of stringy and chewy, the "risotto" was really just previously cooked white rice with a lot of cheese mixed in.  Prices were reasonable for the amount and quality of the food.Despite a nearly empty restaurant, the service was pretty bad as none of the employees we encountered seemed happy to be there and they were not trying too hard to hide that fact.  I overheard the server tell someone else about wine specials, but when I asked about what those were she said, "Oh, it's just our usual wine list," which she didn't bother to bring us even after I asked about that.  She also audibly sighed every time she approached guests and seemed pained to be polite.  I am usually a very laid back diner and generous tipper who leaves a minimum 20%, but I only left 10% this night.    I might go back here to try a salad or something easier since the views are so nice and there really are no other choices in Maricopa for real food.  However, I think it's worth it to drive to Ahwatukee or Chandler where I can get more of a dining experience with quality food and enjoyable service.I'm guessing lunch here would probably be better.
4	Went here (Grille 109) for lunch and had a great meal.  I had the Southwestern Tuna Melt with fries and a Diet Pepsi.  The bread was a thick cut sourdough bread toasted perfectly.  Huge chunks of tuna and green chiles with a slice of white cheddar cheese.  It was a huge sandwich and I would order it again.  The fries were cooked and seasoned perfectly.  Our waitress was really good and made sure our drinks were always filled.  I would love to come here for breakfast or lunch again when I am back in town visiting friends.
4	Grill 109 for dinner ... Nice and quiet atmosphere, nice scenery great food, can't ask for much more
3	I ate here today with my husband and son. I had the white fish tacos which were pretty good; the portion was large (way to much for me... But a good value), the fish was good, not too fishy, the black bean salsa was delicious, but the flour tortilla was a little tough. My husband had the BBQ Brisket sandwich with onion rings, both which he liked very much and said he would definitely have again. My son had the kids bacon, eggs and pancakes, all of which he liked. The one drawback was the FLIES!  For some reason they got really bad just as we were finishing our meal.  Overall this is a place I would recommend and visit again.
5	The best food in maricopa. Just had an amazing burger.for dinner. Bacon mushrooms demi glaze blue cheese and onion rings on the burger. Amanda is amazing. The service is by far the best in maricopa also. Dwayne the bartender is great. Take the short drive it will be worth it. Always something new and different on the menu. Good selection of beers on tap too.
2	I just went here for lunch for the first and last time with my husband.  The restaurant was pretty empty, only one other table when we got there, but the service was still not very good.  They were not very friendly towards us, maybe because we were not golfing?  They seemed to be nicer to the golfers.  My husband has the fish sandwich, which was actually pretty good.  I had the BBQ pulled pork sandwich, and it was not good.  The sandwich was dry, some of the meat was very fatty and some was so tough I couldn't bite through it.  It is supposed to come with coleslaw on top of the sandwich, and I ordered it on the side....Thank goodness I did because I think it was rotten and spoiled.  I actually had to spit it into my napkin, which I've never done in a restaurant before.  Oh, and our food sat in the window for about 15 minutes before our server brought it to us.  Disappointing...we will not be going back.
