5	The location is great.  The cheesy bread is awesome and the pizzas come out perfect at home.  Fresh ingredients and a great  price. Very friendly staff and I have been there 5 times.  I'm so glad they are here! .
5	So happy to finally have a Papa Murphy's in our neighborhood, and this one is top notch!  Family owned and operated franchise, I spent some time talking with the owner while waiting for our pizza to be made. He was super friendly, and so were his children and other employees.The pizza itself definitely did not disappoint! Thank god I no longer have to rely on Pizza Hut or Little Caesar's for a cheap meal.  Papa Murphy's is the best of both worlds - cost effective and yummy!  This location proves that!
5	Only been to this location once. But they were so friendly. If you've never experienced Papa Murphy's this is not your typical "dine in" or "take out" pizza joint. They make it, you bake it. The pizza is awesome.  I've ordered ahead and gone in to pick it up for large parties. They have many styles of pizza and you can customize of course.  They also have "take & bake" desserts! I'm so glad there is finally a Papa Murphy's in this part of town. But now it just means I gotta work harder to lose weight.
3	Good pizza
1	First And Last Time I'm ever Going to a papa murphys I ordered a pizza over the phone and I said light sauce when I got the pizza I noticed it was white sauce so I asked the manager in charge Jenna about the mistake and she rolled her eyes at me and said sure no problem and aggressively throws the pizza in the fridge starts making other pizzas and tells me she has to make other peoples orders first before she fixes my mistake so shocked of the attitude this girl gave me I didn't want to say anything in fear of her doing something to my dinner so I waited 15 minutes for her to fix my mistake overall I waited 30 minutes for a light sauce huaiian pizza I've talked to the owner before a few months ago about the same managers attitude all she did was offer me free pizzas but at that point I didn't want pizza I wanted to be able to go in without getting dirty looks from the manager who remembered me from our not so great past experience thanks for ruInning  PapaMurphys COLLAGE LOCATION IS WAY BETTER CHEAPER ON THE PRICES CUZ THE STORE AND THEY GOT 6$ 1 TOPPING PIZZA
1	Wow seriously management needs help here. The food product is ok at times.. Could be better though. The supervisor I believe jenna is her name (attitude adjustment) an the owner needs management an hospitality classes. I have 10 years restaurant experience an in all my years ive never seen a place run like this.
5	Papa Murphy's I hate you! I hate you! I hate you! Why did you have to open this location so close to my house? Your pizzas are so much better than everyone else's that I can't help myself. This means I now have to walk extra long every day to even attempt to lose weight! Even your "De-lite" thin crust pizzas are so good. Thin crust? So what! I end up eating more slices. Your stuffed pizzas are ridiculously tasty. I'm going to have your pizza crust tested for habit forming drugs! .Until next time Papa Murphy's Pizza on Stephanie!
5	Absolutely delicious!  Super-close to home, and just feels (and tastes) like a fresher, healthier option than Dominos or Pizza Hut.  The employees are always friendly, and my orders have all been 100% correct.  I'd like to try their ready-made salads and will update my review when I do!
5	I'm so happy to finally have a takeout pizza place with decent pizza that doesn't cost a fortune! I've been here 3 times and every time I've had great service and a great pizza. The ingredients taste fresh and the portions are very generous, and the sauce is quite tasty. Definitely worth the extra effort of picking it up and baking it.
4	So, I first discovered Papa Murphy's while visiting the in-laws in WI.  What a cool idea to get a yummy pizza and bring it home to cook.  It's about the same cost as a Pizza Hut pizza, but you don't have to eat it immediately!  It's great to throw in the fridge and bake later.  When I noticed Papa Murphy's off of Stephanie, I was excited to give it a try again.  We have not been disappointed.  We have been there at least three times.  Besides tasty pizza that is big and packed with toppings, I really like the salads.  They make up everything fresh when you order it.  Thumbs up and we will be back!
5	I have eaten Papa Murphy's pizza twice and each time it seems to taste better every time. I would definitely tell others about this place.
5	They have been open now for a bit and they are improving a ton love the pizza and love that if you ask they help you with a deal.  The Thai chicken is amazing. Love the new cheesy bread.  I recommend trying both.  The staff is as always good and trying. Several months ago they were just learning and had just opened. But now they rock for sure. I usually order my pizza and then walk to walmart  and grab ice cream and soda, come back and everything is amazing and quick.
