4	I sort of feel like I am in an episode of Mad Men in this hotel,  Except that i have my laptop plugged in to the bar in the lobby.  This place is new and in what I believe will be a new hot spot in Pittsburgh.  I love the staff, so personable and not over the top with customer service, GENUINE!  The room is soothing and sexy. I feel sexy in that bed. It doesn't serve food, but I am told there will be a bar food menu soon. It's new, so they are in beta and taking in the scene and the advice of their customers.   Wifi is included in price of room, which I love and there are plug ins, much like you will find at a SOUTHWEST AIRLINE Terminal and I want to HUMP Southwest, so you know this place has my vote.OH and who ever is behind the desk is wearing a great shirt and tie combo. Complimentary  parking too
3	For a hotel I would have assumed fell into a "budget brand" category, I really enjoyed my stay at this SpringHill Suites. It's shiny--almost to the point of being cheesy or tacky--lobby screams "brand new" and everything on the premises seems to be in perfect working order. Per the name, the rooms are large and bright and sectioned off so that you don't have to work where you sleep. There was a large pullout couch in my room, as well as a huge work station, microwave, and mini refrigerator. There were two bathrooms--one for showering and one for the toilet--and the bed was nice and comfortable. Wireless internet is free which is always a plus, and so is the basic continental breakfast.I would only have 3 minor complaints of the hotel during my stay:1. There was about a 1.5 inch gap between my door and the floor, making it too bright while I was sleeping and too easy to hear people's footsteps going by. 2. The products in the bathroom were pretty cheap. 3. The fitted sheet on my bed did not fit and left the mattress blatantly visible from across the room. Other than that, it was a nice, clean stay and I would visit again.
4	This hotel only recently opened, and you can tell. I'm sure some of what impressed me with this place was the tip-top condition, and crisp, clean whiteness of things, but I was a very happy guest. The decor is contemporary and pretty luxurious. The beds were really comfy, the shower was great. The suites have plenty of space, and even have a microwave to help satisfy a midnight snack craving. Breakfast was a little un-exciting, but I'm a picky breakfast eater. They had the usual continental buffet of a couple types of dry muffins, toast, cereal, yogurt, and oatmeal. The location is one of the perks. One of the nicest gyms in the city (maybe even the country...) is connected to the hotel, and entrance to the gym is included for hotel guests. Parking is also free at the hotel, which is really nice. But my favorite is the fact that there is a Coffee Tree (coffee shop) right out front. If you get bored with your room (or want to escape the drip coffee) you don't have to go far. There's a Trader Joe's within walking distance, too. As far as driving around the city goes, this is also a pretty central location, right by two main roads. I'd definitely recommend this place, and think about going back.
4	Currently our go to hotel in Pittsburgh. Convenient east Shadyside location. Rooms are big and comfortable. Staff are friendly. Free access to Urban Active gym next door is great.
4	I travel a lot for my job and it's tough to find a great hotel, but this one has definitely impressed me.  My first stay here was nice, but nothing over the top (just a really nice, clean room and of course complimentary breakfast).  My second stay was much warmer and I even got a thank you goody bag from the GM.  I'm a member with most hotel chains (even higher levels with others), but this was the first time I have had a nice welcoming present sent to my room.  It's great to feel appreciated when you're on the road.  I definitely recomend this place!
3	Let me begin by clarifying that my husband and I are Hyatt people, so staying at anything "less than" the typical Hyatt Regency or better is out of our comfort zone.  That said, I am going to be as straight up as I can be about the SpringHill Suites at Bakery Square.The good . . . The hotel location is great . . . a short drive to all things important in the Burgh.They have FREE covered parking.They offer FREE passes to the adjacent fitness center (not that we used it, but I have friends who belong and they are more than impressed with the facility.They have FREE breakfast -- which includes a few hot items to boot! It's actually pretty good.The room/suite has a defined desk/workstation area with great lighting to do work.FREE internet.Microwave and fridge in the room - a huge plus!Nice plasma screen TV with adequate channels.Bed is very, very comfortable.The staff is very friendly.The bad . . . If you are staying more than a couple of days, there is hardly enough hanging and drawer space.Each suite has two bath areas -- one with a shower and vanity, the other with the toilet and a pedestal sink.  Don't believe for one second that you can actually use the pedestal sink for anything other than washing your hands!  Try to put your toothbrush or toothpaste on the side and it falls into the sink.  The vanity in the main area is not large, either.While the bed is comfortable, the sheets barely fit it, so you sheets do slide . . . and the box spring sticks out like a sore thumb.Housekeeping is spotty -- one day they forgot to replace the coffee and cups; one day they forgot to replace enough towels.The ugly . . . While the hotel is relatively new (open about a year), it is already showing wear and tear.  The furnishings, while modern, are starting to look shabby.  They have not used top notch materials -- laminate instead of wood, and faux tile in the showers.  I am sure after another year or so, the shower (no tub, by the way) will look horrid and grimy.Carpets were not swept daily.  I know this because there was thread on our floor the day we checked in, and it was still there when we left . . . five nights total.  Also, there were many carpet stains throughout.  Ewww!I don't think I am being overly picky.  It just depends what you want in a hotel. I think it is nicer than the Marriott Courtyard a couple miles down the road which charges the same amount of money for their rooms, but doesn't give you the complimentary internet, breakfast, parking or fitness center pass.  Would we stay here again -- without a doubt -- unless the reviews start to get substantially negative.
4	SpringHill Suites by Marriott are comfortable hotels perfect for business or pleasure travelers. The SpringHill Suites at Bakery Square is the newest to open in Pittsburgh and I was very pleased with my choice to stay there. Parking at the hotel is free, which is always a bonus for any urban hotel. The lobby is typical for the brand and it was fresh, bright and very clean. The guest rooms were done in the new SpringHill style - I like the modern vibe I get from them, but I have yet to figure out why the toilet/sink are separated from the shower by a closet between them. Very odd. In the morning, the hotel offers an excellent breakfast - eggs, sausage, oatmeal, waffles, fruit, etc. and all for free. Internet service is also offered free of charge. Perhaps my favorite aspect of this hotel was that it was connected to an Urban Fitness gym. Even better - guests at the hotel have full use of the gym. What a deal! I actually regretted moving to the Renaissance downtown - this hotel was a far better value given all that it offered; while the location was a bit inconvenient, I would deal with that con for all the pros.
4	We stayed here for a night for graduation at CMU, then moved to the Airport Hyatt in order to catch an early morning flight.The good: This newly-opened hotel (early 2011) shows very well - contemporary decor, pretty well thought-out rooms (separate work area, and separate toilet and shower rooms, both with sinks), free parking, and adjacent to a free health club and free roofed parking.  We had a better than average free breakfast on Saturday morning in the lobby.The bad: Just couldn't sleep, for some reason.  Very firm mattress, very fully-stuffed pillows, loud AC.  Price gouging for graduation weekend (initially well over twice as much for our room as for the room at the Airport Hyatt Regency the next night, but I negotiated it down to just under twice as much).  The street-level businesses in Bakery Square are developing, but those in the hotel building are still boarded up.
4	This is my favorite place to stay when I'm spending time in Pittsburgh on company business.  The hotel is new and clean and the service is always phenomenal.  As a guest here, you get complimentary access to the Urban Active fitness center - also only a few years old.  And a definite perk for staying here if you're into working out on your travels.They have free breakfast, free covered parking and a bar/lounge. The only downside I've come across so far is that the parking situation can be a little crazy in the early evenings - the parking lot is shared with the gym patrons, so it's insanely busy immediately after work.Overall, I'd recommend this as a great place to stay next time your'e in the 'burgh!
2	Nice clean looking hotel.  I didn't care for the toilet in one room and the shower in another.  Not a huge fan of the sliding non-locking doors on the bathrooms.  I have kids and would love sometimes just a couple of minutes to take a shower or get ready in peace without one of the kids coming in.  They have free breakfast in the lobby.  It was okay. nothing to brag about.  I would have rather gone downstairs to the Panera for breakfast.  At $247 a night I am not sure I would return to this one again.
4	I stayed here recently on a work trip. I did not choose the hotel, but I was really pleased with it. I forgot a few items, and the desk happily furnished me with them gratis. The lobby is gorgeous, chic, stylish AND welcoming. The room was GREAT. I loved the sleek design and layout of the unit. Everything was simultaneously appealing AND comfortable. The breakfast was what one expects. The only complaint we had overall was that we asked the desk clerk if a nearby restaurant was within walking distance (or, "Can we walk to this?"), and while it was technically within walking distance, it was a less-than-ideal walking experience. I wasn't too uncomfortable, but my colleagues thought it was dicey. Here's the thing: This is what you rely on hotel staff for, the local knowledge. Yes, the distance was manageable, but the experience was unpleasant. It would have been nice for him to say, "Well, you can, but you may not want to." We took a car service back to the hotel from the restaurant, not wanting to repeat the experience -- now in the dark.I will stay here again if I have the chance. It's a great location and a beautiful and VERY FRIENDLY property for Marriott.
4	I had a very solid stay at the SpringHill Suites during my recent trip to Pittsburgh. My room was clean and big, with a huge lounging area and a desk, plus a mini-fridge and microwave, half bathroom and separate shower/vanity room. I loved that they had Paul Mitchell hair care products. What a great surprise! The bed was just okay. Not the most comfortable I've ever encountered in a hotel. I did really like the pretty blankets, however. Everything about my room felt very cozy. The front desk staff was always pleasant and helpful. There's a decently-stocked pantry with wine and beer as well. Just wish they carried frozen pizza as there wasn't much for a late night snack. The location is cool because it's in this cul de sac of stores, restaurants and other businesses. If I had extra time on my hands I would have went crazy in Anthropologie and Free People. Good thing I didn't have extra time on my hands. The nearby bar/restaurant, Social, is great for lunch, and there's also a Panera which I love for breakfast, coffee and getting some work done (free wifi).
4	This is a great hotel for business travelers. The rooms are clean and spacious, with a desk, comfortable couch, fridge, outlets everywhere and reliable wireless. Every staff person I encountered was extremely pleasant, and they even accommodated me with a very early check-in on my first night. The best part of this hotel is free use of LA Fitness, which is an amazing upgrade over the typical hotel gym and also includes a full size pool. Unfortunately, the $15 overnight parking at the garage is not included; however, it's a relatively low rate compared to other hotels in the area.
4	Stayed in room 506. Clean room, clean bathroom, lots of areas to "plug in". There isn't a dedicated fitness area in the hotel itself, but you are given limitless access to the LA Fitness that is adjacent to the property. No room service per se, but lots of places that will deliver. I would definitely return to this property
3	I stayed here for 4 nights it is good the best thing is the location every thing is close to you but the room was average nothing spacial there is no noise isolation you can hear every thing the bed was not comfortable
2	I've been staying here every time I've come to Pittsburgh since the hotel opened. When it first opened 4 years ago, it was awesome! Since then, it's started to get a dated, but was until recently one of the best hotels in the area. However, recently they changed ownership and it's gone downhill. I had 3 complaints about my recent stay: 1) They now charge $15 a night for parking, which is ridiculous in that area of town. For that, I'd much rather stay closer to the campus areas and walk. It used to be free, and was a great convenience. 2) As a Gold member, I was given a hard time about my late checkout request because there was a wedding party that had already requested it  I didn't realize this was how the priority worked at that hotel... 3) When I turned over the comforter (on my 2nd night - not sure why I didn't notice the 1st night) there was a giant coffee stain on the sheets. Hopefully the new ownership will step up and bring this hotel back to where it was when it first opened.
2	To set things straight, it is a 4 star hotel and hence I give this review based on the expectation for something you would want to pay $200/night for -- meaning it's certainly better than $40 worth of motels, but that's not the point of this review.A few big cons: 1 bad sound proof between rooms -- there was a symphony of my upstairs neighbor's steps, next-door neighbor's TV, and engine noise of AC units from other rooms ( I shut down my own AC in an effort to reduce the noise level, in vain) for the 2 nights I stayed there. So praying for a quiet neighboring guest who wouldn't get up before 5am or sleep later than 12am. 2 quality of bed and pillar-- Lying on the bed for 10 minutes, get up, you will see a huge dent with the size of your body in the middle of the mattress. Little support for your back from the mattress. And like the other reviewer pointed out, the sheets slips aside every night and my guess is the size isn't right for the bed size.3 quality of amenities -- I didn't bring my own shampoos and conditioners for this trip and after 1st night's stay, I decided to go buy my set from a nearby RiteAid. If you are guy who doesn't care, this can be ignored.4. No room service -- this matters if you fly from the west coast and have no chance to get a real meal for the whole day. After 10pm almost all local restaurants close, including McDonald's! So your only choice would be calling for Pizza delivery, which tastes really bad. So be prepared and get some food from airport before heading off to the city. 5. Shuttle -- if you plan to use their shuttle, either book really early or think twice. Their shuttle got booked up soooo easily and I had to wait for 2 hours for the next available ride. So do plan to either drive or use school buses or even city buses. Those are way more reliable. Pros:1. Free parking -- another review mentioned free parking is a past tense. Don't know why. At least I got free parking for my recent stay.2. Okay continental breakfast 3. Free internet4. Free Gym access5. Very friendly staff6. Clean room -- although I found some hair on clean towels, I decide it is unavoidable if you use big washing machine to wash towels. So not anyone's fault.Overall, for $200, I might want to try a different place on my next trip.
3	I've stayed here 3 years in a row and things are starting to go downhill.  Service is always friendly and prompt and the breakfast is pretty good, but I gave up on getting my tea here though because the hot water at breakfast tasted very strongly of coffee. In one of our rooms the pillows smelled really bad and had to be replaced. In another the mattress sank so much in the middle that we were touching, and everyone's sheets were tucked way too far into the mattress (short sheeting). The worst part was the strong musty odor in the lobby bathroom. They also started charging $15 a night for parking which we didn't know ahead of time.
