5	If you're having computer problems, I highly recommend Your Fit IT Guy. Max has fixed computers for me on several occasions. He is extremely efficient, honest (of particular importance when dealing with computers), and professional. Plus he didn't just restore my laptop to its condition pre-meltdown; it actually runs better now than it did before the problem arose!! While he's fixed only PCs for me, I know he fixes Macs as well.
5	Max has repaired several of my computers, as well as those of my friends and family. He is highly intelligent, and I have yet to bring him something that was beyond repair. This guy was practically born assembling and disassembling computers. He is always honest and direct. he will tell u whats wrong, how much it will cost, and how long it will take. And when the work is done, there are no surprises. The prices are reasonable and I always feel satisfied with the work done and the money I paid. Just recently I was in hysterics over my shattered iPhone screen. Within minutes of my call, he had a new screen ordered. In two days the part arrived and my precious phone was good as new. Max amazes me constantly with his knowledge and skills. And I am so happy to have someone so reliable and honest to help with any of my technological issues. This guy is dedicated and passionate about technology and you can see that within minutes of talking to him. I have sent many friends to him who are just as enthusiastic about his work as I am. It really is a blessing to find such honesty and skill in a person who provides a service. I would never take my tech probs elsewhere.
5	I saw some reviews on yelp and decided to give Max a call. I called him before 7am, he was so professional. He came to pick up the laptop next day. Called me a day later, to tell the issue and the price he quoted. Very reasonable- Compared to several others. He even dropped off my laptop back. I highly recommend him. I will be calling him for all my future IT needs.
5	I wish i could give more than 5 stars. As other reviewers have said, Max is super smart, super nice, and preternaturally patient. He fixed my laptop twice while I was at home in Des Plaines (first the trackpad, then the screen). Both times, he was at my house within an hour of contacting him. Even more remarkably, Max has continued to help me since I have returned to school on the east coast! I called him up when I had a problem with the wireless in my apartment, and he sat with me on the phone for half an hour to walk me through diagnostics. I don't think I know anyone who knows more about computers than he does, and I can't imagine calling anyone else now that I've found him.
5	Maxwell was extremely helpful when I needed to get my old laptop fixed. I had the laptop for about 5 years and was ready to just let it die, but he managed to fix the issues (problems with the screen, and the hinges, as well as sporadic touchpad issues). He provided in depth explanation and made sure that I understood what he was fixing, how long it would take, and how much it would cost before i gave my approval. I would definitely recommend Muris technology.
5	I accidentally spilled crazy glue over my power button on my macbook pro and when I tried to clean it off, the button was stuck pushed down and wouldn't pop back up or turn on. Every repair place was closed and I was freaking out since I have exams to study for and projects I needed to do.THANK GOD, I somehow ended up on this yelp page and called Max. HE IS SO AMAZING. He picked up my laptop within hours of me calling and returned it to me completely fixed within another few hours! HE IS A LIFESAVER!
5	Max at Muris Tech is the guy you want to fix your computer before anyone else has a chance to look at it! My mid-2010 Macbook Pro recently started experiencing screen blackouts upon opening the screen, and eventually it became unable to boot the OS altogether. I thought it might just be a corrupted hard drive, so I decided to purchase a new one and install it on my own. However, that was not the problem. So I decided to give Max a call. He was very helpful and flexible through the whole process. He even comes to you, so you don't have to go anywhere! But perhaps the best thing was that he was able to identify a problem with the hard drive connection on the logic board and fix it, instead of costing me a lot more money by saying I just need a new logic board. I recommend him to anyone with any technical problems!
5	I cracked the screen on my iPhone 5s, and I knew just who to call. Last year, when the screen of my iPhone 4s cracked, Max, from Muris Technologies, saved the day! Quick, professional, and skilled, he made getting my phone fixed a breeze.Last night when I dropped my phone I called Max right away, and he fixed my phone the next morning at 9:30 am (a Saturday). It took less than an hour and he was very professional. The price was great, especially with how convenient it was. My phone looks brand new! I highly recommend Muris Technologies for your phone or computer repair needs!
4	My laptop had a cooling fan issue and I brought it to Max to repair due to the proximity of his shop to my residence and the good reviews here on Yelp. The diagnosis was very quick and Max quoted me a very reasonable price to fix my computer, which the majority of the quote was cost of parts. I got my computer back and it appeared a few of the keys were not working so I immediately called Max to inquire about that problem, which was likely a result of work being done inside.He apologized for the issue and had everything back to 110% operating condition that same day. I recommend Muris Technologies for any type of repair on an electronic device. Max is knowledgeable, fair, communicative and very easy to work with from a customer's standpoint.
5	I dropped my iPhone 5s and half of the screen no longer responded to touch.  I got quotes from some local places which included mailing it into Apple for an out-of-warranty repair for $269 or drive up to the main store in Chicago (I live 2.5 hours away not to mention the hassle of getting around downtown) and they can fix it for about $120.  I found Muris Technologies off of Google and read the reviews about Max.  I spoke with him over the phone and he was super helpful and the price he quoted (which was the final price) was $89 to replace the screen.  This was far less than the other places and was right here in town.  I dropped it off and within half an hour, my phone was fixed.  Didn't have to wait days for parts or anything like that.  Awesome service and excellent pricing.  I would HIGHLY recommend Max at Muris Tech.
5	I had a very good first impression of the proprietor Max who in his communication with me was timely and honest. When I mentioned what was wrong with my MacBook and mentioned a competitor's estimate, he gave me a reasonable bid and timeframe to which he committed. Before beginning his work, he apprised me of the main options I had and when I came back to pay him I was very pleased with the repair. I'd recommend him to anyone in need of computer repair.
