5	All right, I admit it - I don't drink alcohol. Period. But my younger brother got married about 2 weeks ago, and my father sent me on a "beer run" to get more beverages for the party. Being that this is (most likely) the closest liquor store to the house, I decided to come over here. The store itself is a bit large and overwhelming, and I asked for help when I couldn't find the products I had been sent for. Quite honestly, I was worried the staff in here weren't going to be friendly or helpful. I was wrong on both fronts. Within 2-3 minutes of telling them what I was looking for, I was at the register paying for it. I admit, it was a little pricey (given that the establishment has "discount" in its name), but I can't change the fact that alcohol is expensive stuff.Additionally, after paying for my items, the gentleman who helped me find the stuff I was looking for helped us get the items out to my car, and even lifted them to load them in the back (this was a pretty big haul.) And he did it with a good personality and a smile on his face. I haven't been in liquor stores too often, and for obvious reasons that probably won't change anytime soon. But these guys deserve credit for doing a good job - enough said.
4	You walk into this huge place and go "Ay, carumba." There's enough alcohol here to wipe out Clark County. I've never seen an entire wall of vodka before.I didn't find the prices that spectacular, but the staff are really friendly.
4	Its no Hi-Times Cellars, but well, all things not Hi-Times Cellars (Costa Mesa, CA) aren't.  For what it is, its great.  Really nice selection, decent prices, knowledgable staff.
5	Some places in town have a better selection of wine. Some places in town have a better selection of micro-brews. However no place beats Lee's for a one-stop-covers-it-all booze shopping. There is a plethora of booze up in here, plus pretty much everything you would need to go with said booze. I love that Lee's has a great selection of beer...  in refrigerators!  I also love that they have mixers like pineapple juice and strawberry daiquiri mix. And I really love the little plastic Jagermeister shot glasses I picked up there last summer. On Fridays there will sometimes be taste testings of various types of alcohol. Staff is always super friendly here, plus it's locally owned. Gotta love being able to get your drink on while supporting the Las Vegas economy!
4	I like this Lee's location because of the service. Got a question? They will answer it. Can't find something like Russian wheat beer or Dogfish Head My Antonia? They are more than willing to help. This location was not in Yelp and I wanted to fix that. Having lived in Colorado I got spoiled by stores out there that offered the "make your own 6 pack" options. Imports, domestics, local breweries, you could try all sorts of stuff without committing to a full 6 pack that you might not like. I wish that Lee's offered that here. It's bad when Albertsons is experimenting with this and Lee's is not. But that being said...it's still not bad on price and selection.
4	I LOVE me some Lee's Discount Liquor.  If you're EVER looking for a wide selection of alcohol, this is your place.  Never disappointed by the selection.  Came here twice in one day on Saturday.  First time was for beer and vodka and the second time was for champagne.  There was a lady working (with glasses) who was so sweet.  She offered her assistance in finding the perfect champagne and really took her time to explain her recommendations.  What made it better was the fact that her recommendation was great!  I'll be sure to make it back on a later time.  It's so close to my house!!
4	Huge huge selection of any kind of alcohol you could want. Individual bombers of craft beer, huge racks of wine, $800 bottles of scotch, this has anything you could want and more.
5	I think this Lee's is pretty great! The customer service here is top notch, regardless of who is working that day. I have come in stocking up for upcoming parties or just restocking our bar and learned something new every time. Wether it be a high quality economical but lesser known vodka (Boru); or a cheaper, but quality Tequila that won't lead to awful headaches (Camarena). I have tried different and new beers per employee recommendation and learned of new and creative ways to mix. The prices are very reasonable, and guaranteed cheaper than most grocery stores. The selection is vast. I was even able to find Magic Hat #9 beer here. Now I don't have to drive to Total Wine when the mood hits me. I would highly recommend this Lee's to anyone in the area.
5	Huge selection. So much booze it's hard to choose.  Yummy in my tummy.
5	They pretty much have the best prices in town and always stocked up.... cant go wrong with that!!
5	Organic lager here... It is called 'baba', that I have only seen here and and TJs.They also have my favorite, Cayman Jack margaritas. Staff is always friendly, with decent prices and a large selection.... I would be a ripe old age if I tried something new from that store every day. ;)
1	They no longer restock the Cabernet shelves.  Clos De Bois has been out of stock for over 3 months and staff never knows why.  "It's on order; they not send."  Yeah, OK.  Now my money is being spent at Total Wine.
5	I love this place! ! Such a great variety of wines YUMMY and prices are reasonable. .
