5	Siphon Draw trail is probably my favorite Phoenix area hike.  It provides a great mix of unique scenery and physical exercise.  The first mile or so, beginning in Lost Dutchman State Park, is relatively boring and easy, but it gets interesting when you approach the cliffs and begin to gain elevation.  After the next half mile or so, which is decidedly less maintained than the beginning, you come up to a smooth basin known as Siphon Draw.  This provides a nice shady area to rest, or if you're just looking for a nice stroll, a good turnaround point.Once you pass Siphon Draw, you're met with a seemingly vertical quarter mile scramble up to a small saddle.  If you struggled to mightily to get up to this point, this could also serve as a good spot to turn around, as it only gets more difficult.The remaining half mile or so to the top of the plateau is a rocky climb that gets steeper and steeper as you go, with some minor climbing involved in a few spots, until you reach a 12 foot vertical wall at the edge of the plateau.  Once you pass this barrier, you are atop the plateau, where you can either hike a relatively flat quarter mile to the edge of the cliff formation known as Flatiron, or hang a left and continue to the top of Superstition Mountain.The views from atop Superstition Mountain are phenomenal, with a 360 degree panorama of the Superstition Wilderness, Four Peaks, and the Phoenix area.  It's a strenuous hike, with an elevation gain of almost 3,000 feet (most of which occurs in the last mile of hiking), but it's always a fun time.  Bring enough water, and be careful not to slip or break your ankles on the way down.Note: Parking in Lost Dutchman State Park costs $5 per vehicle.  Free parking is available a mile or so down the road at the First Water Trailhead, but you'll have to hike an extra mile or so each way.
5	Hiked this little baby and when I reached the top, I felt like I accomplished something.  What a great feeling!  Constant elevation change going up then scrambling over boulders~ lunch never tasted so good when sitting on top of Flat Iron.  After lunch~ take the challenge and hike the additional 15 minutes and go all the way to the top!And don't forget to take in the breath taking scenery!!
5	If Camelback and Squaw Peak have become routine for you, then Flatiron should be your next hike.  It is basically like doing a double version of Camelback with significantly better vistas and scenery.  It will take you about 45 to an hour to get here depending on where you are coming from in Phoenix.  Also, you need to pay a $7 entrance fee.  The hike itself can take anywhere from 3 and a half hours to over 5.  It all depends on your pace and how long you lounge at the top.I'd say the first mile is pretty easy.  You have to walk a bit to get to the start of the mountainous area.  Your first big challenge comes at the waterfall.  Its kind of sheer and very steep.  I would recommend not looking up as you walk up.  Go to the right and follow the old water line for the path of least resistance.  Once you scale that, you go over a hump and begin the real climb.  This next part takes you through some low hanging trees and a lot of the climb would be better if you use your hands.  Take some breaks and watch as the flatiron looms closer and closer.  Last big challenge is a 12 foot wall, but it actually is easier than it looks.  It will get colder on the top, so prepare for that.  Try for a day with highs in the 70s for the best hike.
5	My very very favorite hike in the valley!!!! I love flat iron!!! The scenery and theme of this trail change quite a bit making it super fun to climb up it.  You probably should be a little bit experienced to hike this trail in decent shape.  Also, make sure you bring enough water.  I bring 70-100 fl oz in my camelback and that's enough.
5	Flatiron Mesa is one of my favorite hikes in the Phoenix area. Like other reviewers have stated, once you've gotten used to Squaw and Camelback, give this one a try.  It'll kick your ass.  It's about a 2600' climb in elevation, so you're doing more like 2.5 Camelbacks. You'll be scrambling over boulders most of the way up since there really aren't switchbacks. I'd say give yourself about 5 hours to go up and down.  It's inside Lost Dutchman State Park so you will need to pay an entry fee.My one recommendation besides the obvious ones (being fit, pack food and water) is to bring some light gloves.  Since you're climbing up and down on all those boulders your hands will probably get a little scratched up.Don't feed the wildlife.
5	Loved the Siphon Draw trail all the way to the top of the Flatiron. Best workout I've had to date. I mainly have just gone to Squaw/Piestewa Peak or Camelback for hiking. Lately, I have been trying to explore new trails and more difficult places to hike. Yesterday, the BF and I, came to the Lost Dutchman State Park. I did read up on it a little bit but didn't fully prepare to do the hike to the very top. I only brought one water bottle and a coconut juice for my trip. My plans initially was to hike the Siphon Draw to the basin and scope out hike to the top of the Flatiron and come back another day to do the full hike. As soon as we hit the basin, my BF looked up onto the Flatiron and got excited. He just HAD to get to the top. Well, we had this great momentum going and decided why the heck not, and just went for it. It was a bit gruesome and more strenuous than other hikes I've done but I freakin made it and it felt awesome!I can't wait to go back! But next time, I will be more prepared. I will have to bring more water and some snacks as this is almost a 5hr hike roundtrip. Thank goodness my BF brought his Camelbak and spared me some water and needless to say we were starving by the time we got back to the car.Side note:Parking is $7. You will absolutely need shoes with good grip. Gloves would also be helpful!
5	I love this trail! You get to climb to the very top of some of the tallest mountains in the Phoenix metro area! These mountains are so high up that they'll get a light dusting of snow every winter, sometimes lasting as long as 2 weeks. This place is for sure a challenge. I would recommend it for those who have mastered the Camelbacks and Piestewa Peaks and are ready for a new challenge. Here are a few reasons why I love this trail:1. Elevation. The change is so dramatic that you'll enter different habitats along the way. From low lying shrubs and cacti at the bottom to larger trees and plants towards the top. Then on the very top (the Flatiron) you'll see what kind of plans survive on the windswept plateau. 2. ChallengeI would say climbing this mountain is a feat. This mountain rises high above our deserts and everytime you look East and see this, you'll known that you stood atop the Superstition at one point in time. 3. ViewsFrom the top on a clear day you can see all the way over to the White Tank Mountains (those mountains by the west side you pass going to Cali) and looking behind you, you can see the Superstition Mountain range and beyond to the Pinal Mountains and Four Peaks. 4. SerenityIf you're turned off city hiking due to crowded trails or too little parking, you'll enjoy the experience here. At least on weekends you won't be alone on this hike, but groups are much more spaced out and there is a ton of parking. You can even camp here if you wold like. I always feel like there is just enough people so you don't have to worry about people not finding your body but not too much where they get in the way. 5. WildflowersEverybody in metro Phoenix should be out here after a good rainy season to see the flowers. This is along the Siphon Draw Trail, an easy flat walk though the park basically, but gives you some of the best wildflower views nature has to give. (SEE MY PHOTOS!)Protips: Bring plenty of water. My camelback is not enough for this place, I have to bring extra bottles! Bring a snack or sandwich to eat on top.Start early. Hella early to avoid major heat and to get done at a decent time. 6:00 am is a good time to start, just calculate the time it takes to drive here!
5	I'm from Seattle and have been to Phoenix a few times to visit our son.  We drove by the Superstitions once while driving the Apache Trail to Lk. Roosevelt.  A solid wall of mountains, broken by steep canyons and draws - who wouldn't want to climb there?  But when and how?An old friend now in Mesa took me up last Friday.  We had a go up the Siphon Draw trail and made it to the top.  Great experience.  It also kicked our a** scrambling up, and then kicked it again scrambling down, making us wonder how we got up in the first place.  The western facing and tight draw keep you in shade most of the morning, a great benefit.  Outstanding 360 view of pretty much central Arizona. It must be doubly amazing at night, looking at the lights of Phoenix to the west.You can take a four hour ridge walk between Flatiron/Superstition Mountain to another mountain due east, and descend to a different exit point from there.  You would need someone to pick you up there, but it seems like it would be an outstanding, if a bit long, full day hike.
5	I have one word for Flatiron Mountain: KILLER (but in a good way if you like to hike)Flatiron Mountain is about an hour out of Phoenix by Mesa.  I had heard about this place from a long-time friend who told me it was hard. Naturally, I didn't believe him.  I assumed he thought I was wimpy or something. Little did I know he was right and my legs would hate me for three days after climbing the thing.So here's the scoop in case you want to try it yourself -- because you know, misery loves company and right now I'm needing the company. The Siphon Draw Trail at Flatiron starts at Lost Dutchman State Park and it is 6 miles long  - which sounds like nothing until you actually do it.  This is because, the higher you climb, the harder it gets - and my friend and I also went when it was 106 degrees.  Yes, it was hot.  Way too hot to be climbing a mountain, but whatever. If you go, at first you are going to think I'm a wuss because the first mile of the trail is easy.  It's well-maintained and marked.  But keep going.  The farther you walk up the trail, the more rugged the path gets.  Soon the dirt path disappears and is replaced with small loose rocks and the higher you climb, the more narrow and rough the path gets.   There are giant boulders to climb over and a large smooth stone basin which probably has water in it part of the year, but was completely dry when we went in September. From there, the trail (if you could call it that), leads towards Flatiron, which is the flat plateau on the top of the Superstition Mountain. I was considering to do this mountain alone, but was glad I went with a friend.  The path is kind of marked (you have to look for spray painted marks on the boulders), but even with that, we got lost and made up our own route for part of the way.   Then there's the climbing. This is what was challenging for me. I've hiked, but never actually had to climb and pull myself over giant rocks before.  Of course, I'm wearing normal sneakers and not hiking shoes as I had no idea the climb would be so intense.   In fact the mile between the smooth rock area and the top is over 1,500 feet in elevation. And then just when you think you're done and can see the top, there is a 12-foot vertical rock wall.  I admit, I didn't get that far. I had to wimp out about 10 minutes before reaching the top.   This is because just before giant vertical wall was a slightly smaller (yet, still too big for me) boulder area and I couldn't pull myself over it.  Yes, the mountain defeated me and if they hidden cameras in the area, I would totally be on the blooper reel as I am not a graceful climber.  I'm more like the people on that show "Wipe Out" with arms flailing everywhere and hanging on any which way possible. But what I really needed to make it to the top was two people: One to pull my arms and someone behind me to push my butt up from behind -- or maybe catch me as I slid back down.My friend (who went on ahead) tells me that if I would have been able to scale the 12-foot rock wall, I would have been at the top of the mountain. Sigh...so close, but not close enough. I don't have any regrets though. I was exhausted just getting to where I got to, and going down was just as hard as going up.  You see, going up you can use your hands to claw and clutch your way up, but going down, there is no clutching.  There is only scary sliding down on your butt and hoping your feet find a little hook in the rock to stop you. I swear, I crab-crawled my way down the mountain and was glad I had my biking gloves with me or else my hands would have been shredded.So will I do it again? Yes. But here's what I would do differently:         -- Bring more water  -- Start earlier and not at 11 a.m. when it's super hot  -- Do more upper body training so I can make it over the rock wall
5	As a high altitude mountain climber I have made Flatiron one of my routine climbs. Its a short but sweet climb, i usually make the round trip in about 3.5 hours. If you like to be more isolated from all the people try going up to the real summit instead of the Flatiron, it takes a bit of a 15 minutes of scrambling around hoo-doos near the summit but you get a full 360 degree view of the valley, superstitions, Four peaks etc. Winter time is prime season for a climb such as this one, i went there during summer once and its fine as long as youre not in there in the middle of the day, be sure to always bring more than enough water. I bring at least 2L plus some high calorie snacks. IMPORTANT!Why pay to park at Lost Dutchman SP when you can park at the Mining Camp Restaurant for free?
5	Love this trail, most rewarding hike in Phoenix. Watch out for the smooth rocks if its raining, very slippery. Awesome views
5	Definitely one of the toughest hikes right outside of PHX.  I would rate this one side by side with Camelback and I'll explain later.  If you can do Camelback try x2!  This is one of those great weekend hikes with friends.  I would say it would take 5 hours total.  If you aren't sure you can do this; don't do this!  However, if you're a trail runner this should take at least 3 hours tops.  Again, if you think you can do this; try to be positive and know you can!Okay I say it's equal to Camelback because I do trail running and going up and down Echo Canyon and Cholla Trail and back again is so much tougher!  However, I would still recommend Flatiron just for the experience! - Enjoy!
4	The view from the top of flatiron Is cool, you see lots of interesting mountain ranges of Unique shapes. The hike up is challenging in its own way, being that there are many dangerous, rocky, sandy parts of the trail that send rocks flying down at you if you are following someone (that got annoying at times). I would recommend going early in the morning so you arent trying to beat the sunset, hiking this mountain at night would not be smart. This hike is good for the scenery (saw a lot of photographers hiking with really nice cameras) but I didn't feel like it was as challenging as I expected (a little let down). Maybe it was a slower incline than I like? I expected and was excited to be sore from the workout, but I wasn't, It was just very, very long (5 hours total). Although my feet felt like I had just walked hours in heels, everything else was fine...probably could have gone for a run afterwards. This is a hike I would do again to take some cool pictures and see the wildflowers, but I would go early in the morning so that I could do other things in the day after the hike. I still enjoy my camelback hikes a lot more -hands down. Maybe I'm bias, just sayin.
5	One of the most challenging hikes I've ever done but also one of the best.  6 miles round trip and the last mile gains 2000 feet in elevation!  Its basically rock wall climbing at some points especially towards the top.  Once you're up there its gorgeous, enjoy the views and some snacks if you bring any (I recommend you do so you can load up on some energy for the way back).  Going down is harder in a way because you need to be super focused not to misstep on rocks.  I wore my bike gloves on the way down and was leaning on my arms quite a lot so that helped speed up the descent.  The next day it seemed that every muscle of my body hurt, I guess it was a fully body workout!  I hope I can do this hike many more times!
5	HD Video of Flat Iron(Siphon Draw) 2014: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=10FvtjjxLJw
5	I am a flatland trail ultrarunner who was looking for a vertical workout while visiting the area. This was clearly the most challenging terrain available. It did not disappoint in beauty or difficulty. I went up alone, and I should not have done that.I am extremely fortunate that I took up indoor rock climbing about 6 months ago, and that I am knowledgeable about calories and hydration from running. Without those tools, I would have been in real trouble. As it is, I consider myself lucky to have avoided serious injury.There are a lot of loose rocks. I slipped on some of them on the way down and sprained my shoulder. There is a lot of terrain that uses the same basic skills as rock climbing. The degree of difficulty isn't very high on any of the climbing, but if you make a mistake and fall you are not going find help easy to come by. You will also have to downclimb everything. There were plenty of people on the trail, even on a Monday afternoon in February, but there's only so much that can be done that far up a mountain if you get hurt.I lost the trail near the top and found myself in a bad place. I decided to cut my losses and head down when I saw a couple of people descending the correct path. I made it to the Flatiron. I took some pictures, including a couple of selfies. The fear of the descent is quite evident on my stupid face.I got up and down in just under 4 hours. I probably could have broken 3.5 if I'd stayed on the correct path. I wore Merrell Mix Master 2's, which should be the lightest shoe anyone wears. I wore an Ultimate Direction PB Adventure Pack with 120 oz. of water, which was about 50 oz. extra for a 60-degree, overcast day. I ate 3 GU's and one Clif Bar.Experienced hikers/climbers are going to love this because it's beautiful and rewarding. Other people might, too, but they also might be scared most of the time like I was. Everyone needs to respect it, at least more than I did going in. I'm glad this exists and I'm proud to have done it, but I'm lucky I didn't get hurt.
5	I'm not an elite athlete, but I'm in pretty good shape. I run 30-40 miles a week, and I routinely hike Camelback Echo Canyon with my 3-yr-old son. We looked for something different and found Flatiron. I severely underestimated how difficult this would be. This hike should not be attempted with kids, at least not to the top. Total elevation is about 5100 feet; elevation gained is about 2,800 feet vs 1,200 gained at Camelback. We were very fortunate to have made it all the way and back down without serious injuries. I hiked with my 42-pound son on my back in an Ergo Carrier 90% of the way up and 100% of the way down. Falling and slipping was not an option, so each rock climbed took extra long to make sure I had secure footing, especially on the descent. My stabilizer muscles were SCREAMING! Other reviewers took 4-5 hours. It took us 8.5 hours. The last hour of the hike was after sunset. I had 64 ounces of Gatorade, but even on a day where the high was only 79, I was severely dehydrated midway through our descent with all the extra weight on my back.It's very easy to stray off the trail, which made it so much more challenging. If you are unsure which way to go on the way up, stay to the left and follow the ravine. I found this trail on the way down, and it was much easier. Right before Flatiron peak, this main trail ends with the 12-foot wall other reviewers talk about. It's not that bad if you don't have precious cargo on your back. Just find the right places to step and pull yourself up one step at a time, or lower yourself down if you're coming down this path. The unofficial trail to the right of the ravine is where we ended up climbing. DO NOT go this route if possible. It had a lot of loose rock, and was quite hazardous. The end of the trail, right before meeting up with Flatiron was about a 6-foot wall. It's easier to maneuver than the 12-foot wall going up the ravine, but the climbable part requires you to climb laterally off the path, over a 30-foot drop, then up, which is very nerve-wracking. I stared at this wall for about 5 minutes, contemplating what I should do. The only reason I attempted it was because I wasn't confident that I could successfully descend the path I came up with all the loose rocks, and I had hopes that I could meet up with the main trail if I climbed this wall. My son was pushing the carrier's 45-pound limit, and I was thankful nothing snapped while climbing that wall.The view at the top was breathtaking. It was at least 10 degrees colder on top than at the bottom.I would definitely hike this trail again, just not with any kids.
5	I did this hike yesterday and my body is aching today, but it was so worth it!  We started out about 6 am and finished up around 11:30 (we would've finished sooner, but we got a little lost on the way back).  Lucky for us, we picked the perfect day to do this hike when the sky was overcast bc there is virtually no shade on most of this hike.What I like about this hike is that a large portion of it is really just rock climbing, so you get a chance to give your arms a work out.  This also means you should probably bring gloves, bc some of the rocks are rough.  My boyfriend cut his finger on a rock :-(  I'm not an expert rock climber by any means, and a few places were a little "scary" bc there weren't super easy hand or foot holds to find.  So if you are afraid of heights, take that into consideration.  The views on the way up are amazing, and we were blessed with a beautiful rainbow as we were going up!  On the way down my legs were so tired they were literally shaking with each step I took.Make sure you wear some good quality shoes.  I wore my nice hiking boots, but by the end parts of my feet were really hurting from all the downhills you do on your way back.  Make sure you wear shoes where your foot isn't slipping forward and jamming your toes against the front of the shoe, bc you're going to be in lots of pain about halfway down the trail.
5	Best hike in the Phoenix area!  We hike Camelback mountain at least once a week carrying 15 lbs of weight in our backpacks and we thought that was difficult...until we got to Flat Iron!    Took us 4.5 hours to finish the round trip today 7/6/2014.  We started the hike at 6 a.m. and were lucky to have overcast all the way up.  However, on the way down, it was extremely hot and a friend of ours who only carried 2 liters of water nearly passed out from dehydration.  I carried 3 liters of water and 1 powrade and I was barely able to make it down; I was looking fwd to the hydration station to soak my body and cool down.7 year-old sister and 47 year-old mom came along and they loved the hike.  They almost gave up but I made it to the top before them and returned to give them some motivation that the peak was a short distance away.  The view was beautiful.
5	Great hike!  Great views if you like cool wicked rock formations as much as I do.  Start early to avoid the heat and you will be finished by noon.  About 50% of the hike involves your arms, rock climbing and such.  Wear good hiking shoes and make sure your arms are free to pull yourself up (another words, have a backpack, don't be carrying your water in your hands, and yes, you need plenty of water!).  I camped overnight at The Lost Dutchman State Park, and the views of the mountains at sunrise and sunset are worth the stay.  Simply beautiful, I really loved this place. There is a cool Ghost town nearby.  Also read up on the interesting history regarding the Superstitions, I cannot confirm or deny that there is gold in them there hills!  If you stay overnight, follow this hike up with Peralta Trail from the southern entrance of the sups to the Saddle.  You have an amazing view Weaver's Needle!  Overall, the Superstitions are awesome!!!
5	This is a difficult hike with the last mile up of 2,000 feet that really hurt up and down.  The view is amazing but come ready for boot camp up to this peak.
