3	Since we're going to be moving right near this place, we checked it out.  It's not like our favorite hangout Dizzy's, but it definitely has a cool vibe.  A bunch of us checked it out on Friday night and the people watching alone is worth it.  Forgot the bartender's name, but she was awesome and took care of us never leaving us dry.  It's a small bar on the outside, but great music and a few pool tables on the inside.  Check it out if you get a chance!
4	Nicely remodeled local bar with great service. There is usually a large mix of patrons from the working class neighborhood. Strong drinks for a good price.
4	This bar actually surprised me. I was expecting it to be really shitty, because most of the sports bar type places I have checked out in the neighborhood have been. However, The Other Room is pretty cool. It's dark, the bar is big, the people are friendly and mostly working class. I guess the crowd is a little eclectic with age ranges from 30-55. I saw a couple of people dressed sort of punk, some really tatted up white dudes, some clean cut athletic groups, some old guys, some 'ladies night' gals... it was a good mix, and there weren't any gangsters or thugs in the place. If you are from the East Side or maybe a more conservative area, you might cringe at the authentic pornstar/white trash fashion sensibilities of some of the locals, but get over it- it's West Phoenix,  that's what we're known for, well that and our abundance of tweekers and drive-thru liquor stores. The jukebox had all sorts of stuff- a lot of rock music, some of which was terrible, but some that was really good and also some punk and other cool genres. There's also pool tables and darts, so all in all, this place is good. I wouldn't suggest driving across town or anything, but for a neighborhood bar, I like it.
4	Clean awesome bar in a a-ok area. Perfect!We played dart here for a league that I am in. We got great service and good prices. I really could not believe how clean it was in there.
5	This bar rules. The OR is where the pards rage and the lamb chops get slayed. #ReturnOfTheMac
5	This is our little diamond in the rough! If you want the easy going crowd and feel of a neighborhood bar, the prices and drinks of a dive bar, the cleanliness and customer service of of a more upscaley spot then come check us out! Everyone who pops in always comes back and at the very least you won't be disappointed! You can count on getting a pretty smile helping you at all shifts of the day! A nice and chill morning shift, a Rockin day shift and a spot on drama free night! Come check out the best little hide out on the west side tucked away by the car wash! Consider this post the magic word, mention to Summer (me) and let the good times roll!!!
4	I like this place and my friends like it here too.  We're dive bar kind of people and  I liked the relaxed atmosphere.  No scottsdale snobs here, just cool relaxed people.  The drinks are super cheap but sometimes can be STRONG. Not really a bad thing for most people I know and they kind of love that about the place.  They have a couple of pool tables here which my friends and I love to play on although a waiting line can build up.Over all it's fun and relaxing if you're a dive bar kind of person too.
1	If by dive bar you mean "shit hole" then yes this is a shi...I mean "dive bar". Rude and inattentive bartenders. The crowd is lame, bunch of introverts.
4	"NO CLUB COLORS"Signs like this on the front door prove that where Peoria and Glendale meet is the real hood of the valley. If I weren't a sucker for a little danger to spice things up, I might have said "lol no", turned around, and trotted back to some Scottsdale dive with a bathroom butler who will wipe my ass for me. I never go to Scottsdale, but I assume that's what happens there, right?Glad I didn't. This place has a decent beer selection, and an insanely good happy hour. $1.75 domestic drafts until 6:30? No. Freaking. Way. No wonder their most boisterous patron was a blatant alcoholic. Bastard spilled ice cold Budweiser on my TOMS! But I can overlook that. The pool tables are relatively new. The sound system was totally kickin', even though those damned internet jukeboxes are a dollar a song!I'm certain I'll come back, but not before contemplating the important questions. Hmm...another brew, or a couple of tunes? Decisions, decisions...
