4	I had another new addition to their menu, the Taquitos de Pato - the duck friggin' tacos - the word "friggin" is traditionally silent in the spanish name of this dish. Served up in four corn tortillas, sided with beans and an optional duck sauce - much to the disappointment of everyone else in the restaurant, I didn't yell out "Barbara Streisand" after each bite.Beans and a "Salsa Endiablada" - which means "Devil's Sauce" to accompany the tacos. The beans were straight up beans, boiled down to a basic Mexican frijoles but the sauce is what stood out. All mole sauces are "secret recipes", using a mixture of herbs and spices that can go upwards of over 30 different kinds, the recipe reads like Lindsay Lohan's toxicology report only Itacate's mole sauce doesn't include gasoline, old boots and pigeons.The duck meat was fragrant, herby and had the unmistakeable and aroma of duck. Classic Mexican flavours, the taco when topped with beans and table habenero salsa, complimented the dark and murky sauce and really brought the dish together. I'm hesitant to say that the salsa endiablada is an acquired taste, but it does need some getting used to.
4	I came here in the winter because I had heard how incredible this place was, and I have to say I wasn't dissapointed.  The guacamole is by far the best I have ever had in any restaurant...including ones in Mexico!  The Margaritas are also awesome...they don't skimp on the booze which is always a plus in my books!  I had the Burritos in Mole sauce and it was great, but the only down side for me was that it was too rich.  But if you're into that sort of thing, then you'll be pleased.  I plan to go back and try something more tomato based next time.A bit on the pricey side for Mexican, but the guacamole and margaritas make it well worth the price!
4	Yesterday night was my first time here. I went with my boyfriend. I liked the spot, and the restaurant is nice. However, if you are looking for a romantic or intimate ambiance this is not the place for you. The restaurant is quite small and gets noisy as it gets full (and it will get full). However, everything is spotless clean. We started with the guacamole for two. It was very tasty and the nachos were very pretty in red, green and yellow. The guacamole itself could have used more spices, but was perfectly fresh and appealing. We also ordered a Margarita and a daiquiri. They were both excellent. My boyfriend ordered the red enchiladas, and I, the enchiladas Del patron. His three chicken enchiladas were served with rice and beans (pureed frijoles) with tomato sauce and cheese. It was very good and perfect if you need comfort food. My three duck enchiladas were served only with rice (I hadn't realized that when I ordered, so was quite disappointed not to see frijoles in my plate) and the best mole sauce I have ever tasted. The flavor is rich, spicy (not to much) and sweet at the same time. Truly delicious!  We didn't take dessert because we were quite full after our enchiladas. We paid around 40$ each, which is a bit pricey. I have to say I was a bit disappointed in the service. First, the waiters seemed to think that my boyfriend was not worth the attention and only spoke to me. We also waited a bit long for our meal to arrive. Overall, I might come back and recommend it to friends.
4	Nice local Mexican restaurant. The staff was very friendly and helpful. The food surprisingly good. Sauces with all sorts of spicy. All in all, we really enjoyed the atmosphere and the great food.
5	Itacate is an excellent family-run Mexican restaurant. The space is simultaneously cosy and elegant, the service friendly and knowledgeable, and the food DELICIOUS. If you love Mexican food, don't hesitate - this place is definitely one of the top restos to visit in Montreal!
3	Went to dine in Itacate during the summer. It is nice and cosy family owned restaurant with a prompt service. We all started coughing after entering the place, turned out it's not the air-conditioning, there was chilly in the air. Unfortunately the chicken mole was not according to my taste, very dry I couldn't even swallow it. As a compensation the margarita was yum and they have some nice choice of tequilas.
