5	Where do you go to have your clothes professionally altered, hemmed or more?  Drive to Henderson and Experience Pro Tailor.Why - I needed the clothes for my kids to be hemmed, and had no idea where to go. I stumbled upon Pro Tailor as their store is in a small strip mall on Seven Hills and St. Rose. Friendly, Comfortable, Clean and Privacy. That is why.What - They will alter anything and everything. Like your jeans with the "original hem"  they can do that for you, so it does not look hemmed.Turnaround - Usually a few days, but hey, it is worth it.Treat you like.... Family. I went there three times in two months and they make you feel welcome.Got something that needs a fixin..... go to Pro Tailor!Gotta love it!!!
5	I brought a bridesmaid dress here to have it altered. The shoulders need to be taken in and the zipper removed to make the back fit better. I brought it in on a Friday morning. No appointment was needed. I was helped promptly and the necessary measurements taken for my alterations. They made sure I was happy with how the dress was going to look and took great care in listening to exactly what I wanted. It's a pay ahead service and it cost $55.00 to have the dress altered and pressed. I wasn't on a strict time schedule so I told them that I could pick it up whenever was best and she said it would be ready in one week, any time during the day. I picked up the dress and tried it on. It fit beautifully! The steam and press job was done very well and my dress was hung up nicely with a plastic bag cover. I was so pleased with the service and price here. The quality of work is impeccable. You can't even tell the dress has been altered. I will definitely use them again.
5	My brothers suite was altered perfectly. What a skilled tailor. The jacket and pants we left here were ready in 3 days and they are perfect. The prices are fair and excellent service. We tried another tailor that really screwed up. Hard to find such professionals in Las Vegas.
5	Ive returned to get my own suit taken in. OMG, excellent. My suite looks made for me
2	First, went in to get two pairs of trousers hemmed.  Woman kept laughing after every sentance.  I KNOW I'm funny looking, but at least have the decency to laugh behind my back.Then, when I went to pick up my items, there was a LARGE ATTACK DOG IN THE BUSINESS.  Why should I be subjected to a pit bull to pick up my clothing.  It was hardly worth $25 or more!  Will NOT return.
5	I called Pro Tailor 7 days before my sister's wedding to have my bridesmaid dress altered. I originally took it to a 'tailor' that the store where I bought the dress referred me to -  what a mistake - he'd had the dress for a month and 7 days before the wedding hadn't even started! (Which turned out to be a blessing in disguise!) I called Pro Tailor at 5:30 on a Saturday after they had closed, but the boy who answered the phone listened to my situation, and told me that I could still come to the store. I got there and the owner's were SO incredibly nice and so patient and didn't seem at all annoyed that I was keeping them there late. I told them that they could charge me whatever rush fee they needed to but that I needed the dress by Thursday evening, and she said I could have it Thursday and didn't even charge me a rush fee! When I picked up the dress on Thursday it was absolutely perfect! Fit like a glove! I received so many compliments on it at my sister's wedding this past weekend! I am so impressed by the politeness and quality of work at this store. She totally saved my dress in such short notice! I am so appreciative of the tailors at Pro Tailor and I will ABSOLUTELY refer anyone to this store, and I will ABSOLUTELY be back!
5	This is not some cheap or basic only tailor shop. this is a professional, as good as you can possibly get tailor shop. The quality is unmatched and the deadlines are always met! If you want high quality work done... go here!
5	Had jeans cut off and made into shorts. They were a little cheaper than others in the area. The hemming looked factory done, and the work was done in very reasonable time. They were very appreciative of my business. I don't write reviews; this my first.
5	Don't let the small store front fool you, this is a top notch and very professional tailor. Had a full suit tailored in 4 days (didn't make an appointment) and fits EXACTLY how I wanted it to. This is the 2nd time I've been to Pro Tailor and have been very pleased both times. I used to get my suits tailored at department stores for a few bucks cheaper but they never turned out how I wanted them, hints why I now go here. Prices are fair to some what high but you get what you pay for. Quality = 9/10 (I never give 10/10). Owner is VERY friendly.
