5	I love this venues concept !(they give back)Inspirador offers a unique mix of contemporary environments for meaningful gatherings, artful events, and good will.  Created with the trend-setting bride in mind and intended to inspire unique ways of celebrating life's special occasions.  Inspirador is beyond a typical ballroom--it's a story about the things that matter most in our lives.
1	We were seriously looking to have our wedding here, but were totally unsatisfied with the price and bad service.  Andrea was our "consultant" but she did not return an email quote on time and did not supply a preferred vendors list.  When we finally received the quote it was so much higher than reasonable.  BOOOOO!
4	went to a wedding here today. nice digs. nice staff. i can't complain...i would potentially consider a wedding here...if i was to even marry
5	I was an Inspirador Bride last March. Now, that things have slowed down and I'm FINALLY done with my thank you notes, I can sit and write a review. I love Inspirador. The facility is fantastic, because it can serve as an "all-in-one" venue, but not be like a banquet hall. I really like the blend of concrete floors and exposed ceilings with the pretty crystal, soft fabrics, and wall of tealight candles. It's a place where traditional meets unconventional and does it well. I also liked that I was able to do everything from the ceremony to dinner and dancing there, because we had so many guests from out of town, and didn't want them driving all over Phoenix.My consultants, Cynthia and Andrea were hands-down amazing, and when I suddenly changed my mind with decor, Cynthia met with me and was able to help me come up with a scheme that was gorgeous. We used the all-inclusive package (but purchased our own alcohol), and were very happy with the total price. This is because you tell them what you want to spend on your day and they match you with vendors who fall within your price range.Overall, having my wedding at Inspirador was a very wise choice, plus...people are STILL telling me how beautiful the wedding was!
5	Inspirador is drop dead gorgeous. You only hope you are as beautiful as these surroundings. I've attend a few jazz events, a few downtown Chandler events and they have all been incredible and over the top! You don't need to go to Scottsdale to find gorgeous surroundings. Inspirador may be in Chandler but it takes you away from Chandler and blows your mind....!! Can't wait for there corporate packages and hold my own event.
5	From the moment my fiance and I stepped foot in this place we were IN LOVE! I will be getting married at Inspirador next March and we're super excited! The venue itself is gorgeous as it contains an outdoor and indoor option for the ceremony, a beautifully decorated reception area and the chic looking Tryst art gallery that can be utilized for cocktail hour!When we first met with Andrea to take a look at the venue, she blew us away! She wanted to get to know us, how we met, the proposal, and she wanted to get a feel as to what kind of wedding we were looking for. From the minute we met, she exemplified customer service, she indeed 'sold' us the venue. We have kept in contact and she has been answering my e-mails promptly which shows her dedication in this industry! The price for the venue was a little above our projected budget, however the services provided in the all inclusive package was a must. Oh and you have the option to bring your own alcohol rather than pay per individual, love it!We are so looking forward to our wedding next March and I will be writing an update as far as how everything went! Woohoo, can't wait! :)
5	I'm only assuming that this is as good as it gets as I've only been married once but was AMAZING. This venue is the most unique, beautiful and amazing (can I say it again??!!) venue that my husband and I viewed. Well, technically it was the first and only venue we looked at. It was exactly what we were looking for in terms of cost and size; it doesn't hurt that it had the "us" factor. You know, you walk into a place and you think to yourself, "self, this is so me". Well, that's what Inspirador was to us. The bridal party and I showed up quite a bit earlier than I had said that we would be there and I think we caught them off guard. Instead of asking us to come at a later time, they totally accommodated us and tried to cool everything down as fast as possible. The bridal suite was spacious- at one point, I'm pretty sure we had just over 10 people in there getting ready, taking pictures and just being there to support me. They have a no outside alcohol rule, that I was pretty sure was going to ruin my day (in bridezilla fashion), but they were so kind and brought us Sofia champagne. It was perfect. We had our ceremony inside, and it was breathtaking. We had just under 100 guests and they fit very comfortably. The votives on the wall were gorgeous. The reception area was huge and left plenty of room for lots of tables but for lots o dancing as well. My overall experience was great. They were very helpful and on it the days before and the day of. I wish I could get married again...
5	From the moment we first stepped inside the walls of Inspirador, it was impossible to find reasons NOT to have our wedding there!  Every room has it's own charm, character, and personality.  We had the pleasure working with both Andrea and Cynthia and they were fantastic!  As any bride can attest to, communication and response is key in keeping the planning of your big day low-stress and these ladies make sure that you are a top priority and they answer any questions you have in a timely manner.  They even asked us details we had never thought of, definitely helping to make our day that much more beautiful.  For us, Inspirador was our all-inclusive wedding destination; ceremony (outdoor courtyard?  YES please!), cocktail hour (in the beautiful Tryst Art Gallery), wedding photos in the poetry room (they lit all 100 tealight candles JUST for our photos), reception (transformed beautifully into a celebration better than we dreamed!), catering (our guests could not stop talking about how delicious the food was!), cake (it was SO gorgeous and so incredibly tasty!), DJ (Desert House Productions is thhe BEST, Drea and David are amazing!), and coordinators (Thanks Andrea and Cynthia!!!) all rolled into one place!  Our friends and family all fell in love with Inspirador just as much as we did.
5	Hands down the best wedding venue EVER!My husband and I got married at Inspirador this last October and it was amazing to say the least!  I understand we are a bit bias as it was our wedding, but really the venue is amazing and the staff is the best!  Everything you needed was addressed and then some.  I would HIGHLY recommend Inspirador for any event especially a wedding.  All of our guests are still commenting about how beautiful it was and how seamlessly everything flowed.  I can't think them enough for making our wedding so wonderful!
5	My husband and I had the perfect wedding here!  Andrea is the BEST!  She was very attentive, and responded to emails in a very timely manner.  The overall feel of the venue was perfect.  It was worth every penny -- THANK YOU, Inspirador!Lauren and Brandon :)
5	Our recent wedding at Inspirador was better than we could have ever hoped!  The venue is beautiful and modern, and accommodates everything from your ceremony, to cocktail hour to reception.  Andrea was our consultant and she could not have been more friendly, helpful, patient and professional...we felt we were working with a real friend.  They take care of all the details for you from little to big, leaving the bridal couple as stress-free as possible the week of the wedding.  Their in-house catering is fantastic...delicious food; and their recommended vendors are all top notch!  We had an amazing experience and wedding thanks to Andrea and the staff at Inspirador.  Every staff person the day of our wedding we encountered was beyond friendly and professional and did just a fantastic job!!  We would highly recommend them to anyone wanting that same great experience on their special day!
5	My wife and I exchanged our vows at Inspirador last Friday 12-21-12 and it was hands down the most amazing time of our lives. This was the best choice of venue we could have possibly picked for a local Phoenix-area wedding. When we first learned of Inspirador and stopped by to check it out, I was immediately impressed with the professionalism and hospitality of the staff. They put all our concerns and doubts to rest right off the bat. They were fully flexible with allowing us to make the place our own. The modern decor and minimalist-yet-fully-decked-out style of the venue was exactly what we were looking for. In terms of how the event would unfold, they left no detail unaccounted for. The catering staff is among the most knowledgeable and Chef Jordan hands down, made the most amazing food. If you looked in a thesaurus for the term 'culinary talent', you'd find a reference to Chef Jordan! If we had our way, we would just eat there all the time :) Cynthia, Nikki, and the crew helped to make our day the best it could have possibly been. A HUGE thank you to them all!
4	Great venue. Beautiful job. Excellent food. Best wedding food I've ever had. Aesthetics and decor gorgeous! I would plan an event here in a heartbeat, even though it's 40 miles away! Very organized and efficient staff! Staff extremely accomadating of dietary needs and food allergies. Everything was labeled and questions answered! A few minor things that could be better. Will email them privately!
1	DON'T EVEN CONSIDER!! Owner Dilia Wood is a FRAUD.As of April 22, 2013, their poorly run business has sent out notifications to Arizona couples who have already PAID to reserve the Inspirador venue for their upcoming big day - and now they're losing it all to the inadequacy and indecency of a disorganized and misleading business who fails to specify reason for stopping their operations.Inspirador, get your act together and pay your customers the respect they deserve, rather than a disturbing, half-hearted email filled with lies about banks forcing cease of operations.
1	A venue that can continue to sign contracts with customers and collect money while filing for bankruptcy and going into foreclosure is just sick and wrong!!!! Keeping the money of hardworking people is taking it to a whole new level!
