5	I don't know about you - but I'm rather particular about who puts their hands in my mouth.  I'd heard through the classic Vegas grapevine that Dr. MacLean was "the greatest dentist", someone that "you have to go to", but really couldn't appreciate it until my first visit.  It was just the standard "check under the hood" initial visit, but in actuality it was so much more.  When I got there, the receptionist - with a big smile - extended her hand, and introduced herself.  It was like I was making a new friend.  The paperwork was quick and relatively painless, heck, she even went so far as to verify the insurance information I had given her when I made the appointment.  Purely no hassle.The cleaning and inspection (I'm sure there is a technical name for it) was painless.  The dental hygienist made sure that I was very comfortable, and told me what she was going to do BEFORE SHE DID IT.  I literally almost fell asleep in the chair as she was cleaning my teeth.  And she was thorough.  My teeth have never looked so good.  They look five shades whiter.  Dr. Maclean was johnny on the spot after the cleaning - I didn't have to wait long to see him.  He didn't try to upsell me on teeth whitening or dental guards or the other crap that other dentists have tried in the past to push on me.  He gave it to me straight, told me what to watch out for, and I was out the door.  All in all, literally the best dental experience I've ever had.  I've found my dentist for life.
5	A couple of years ago, I stumbled across the offices of Dr and Dr. MacLean. The staff at Dr. MacLean's office is nothing short of amazing. Considering I had not been to the dentist in awhile, the hygienist and Dr. M took good care of me when I went in for my first checkup and set of x-rays. Needless to say, after that first checkup and a few more visits since then, I have nothing but good things to say about them. If you are in the market for a new dentist, definitely give these guys a call.
5	I have been to this office a number of times , and am now bringing my daughter.  Every visit has exceeded my expectations. In particular, during the holidays, when I needed to have a root canal, then a crown. They worked to accommodate my limited schedule with their holiday schedule to get me in, staying after 6pm to take care of me.And the quality of work that Dr. MacLean does...without question a brilliantly talented dentist.  Thanks for rebuilding my tooth!If you are looking for an excellent dentist who cares more about his patients than his own pocketbook, Dr. M is your guy.
5	I don't like the dentist.I would rather go to the gynecologist then have my teeth scraped for over an hour. I've been going to Derek and his wife for as long as I can remember ....because when you find a great doctor, you stay with them. I always get my exams done by Tracey. I love her. She makes the time fly by. Seeing as how I've been going there forever, Tracey knows how much I hate xrays.Hate is a gentle word when it comes to trying to get xrays from inside my mouth.Let me clarify, in case you aren't understanding. I have a terrible gag reflex. Terrible. Tracey has come up with something she just remembered hearing in the dental world.Salt on my tongue...Yes, salt.No, we're not taking shots. (unfortunately). Tracey grabs salt from their lunch room, and sprinkled salt on my tongue. Believe it or not, I easily make it through xrays now. I mean, who else am I going to find who is willing to put salt on my tongue? I'm sure that isn't in her job description. Of course, before getting sent off with a fancy new toothbrush and floss, my cleaning is done; complete with tips and tricks on how to keep my teeth and gums happy and healthy. She is so thorough. I mean, she double and triple checks to make sure she does not miss anything.Dr. Maclean comes in to review xrays, and do an overlook of my teeth himself before I am dismissed.
