4	My boyfriend and I used Tix4Tonight to book three events for our weekend in Las Vegas. I have used their service many times before, including this location. It is a must-do when book things to do in Vegas. They have many great deals!The staff are all very helpful and personable. The only problem that I had with this last trip is the sales person gave too much info on both the Mob Attraction and the Peep Show. She gave away key components of each which diminished our enjoyment of the attraction and show. Well, to be honest, the Peep Show was horrible and her spoilers probably didn't make a difference. I just wish that the employees could give information in a way that didn't spoil key elements of the attraction. I think that she was just enthusiastic about it, but we would have had a better time going in knowing less.Still, a great service and a must-do for any Vegas visitor.
1	I stopped by the the Tix 4 Tonight location this morning looking for tickets to see David Copperfield.  I was informed they had tickets that were 3 rows from the back (2nd section) for 89.99 which they claimed was 40% off the normal retail price.  Before going to Tix 4 Tonight I had gone on MGM's website and to check prices and  tickets in the same section were selling for $79.99 and tickets for section 1, closer to the stage were selling for 109.99.  So either way their math does not add up.  Do yourself a favor, buy your tickets directly online.  This will save you a trip to their locations, save you time from waiting in line and more time when you have to exchange your voucher for the actual tickets at the box office.
1	Over priced By the time I got my tickets and paid there "fees" I could have bought it at regular cost from the show and saved moneyThese dudes are not worth the time waiting in a line
1	Instead of asking how he can make my experience better ...the manager just belittles my post and says I was advertising his competition...I was just being honest DO NOT BUY FROM THESE GUYS!
