5	Holy Cow. The most amazing meatballs ever. I don't know what is in them but I CRAVE them. This place feels like home with friendly service and amazing food. The portions are big enough to split. Lunch will be offered soon and I will be adding an additional time of day to snag some Italian perfection on a plate.I love that it is family owned by an Italian couple with so much personality and hospitality.
5	Delish! Excellent service, ambience, and food! This is a family-owned and -run business and is totally legit. I love how authentic everything is. We had calamari, grilled eggplant, homemade pasta, and fantastic warm bread served with pesto for dipping. Everything was very, very good. Spaghetti carbonara was incredible. (But I don't understand how everything is so awesome yet they use that powdered parmesan? PLEASE switch to fresh grates off the giant block of cheese, PLEEEASE!!!) Fantastic desserts, too - probably the best tiramisu I've ever eaten, and coconut sorbet was served in a coconut shell (which I wanted to steal and make a bra out of... but I kept it under control).
5	Dear Basilico, Rosa and Domenico:You three are a charming trio, and my dinner yesterday in your company wowed all my senses. Your location almost does not do you any justice, as one truly craving the finest Italian food truly has to take a risk and cross the door to know that the best of the best of Italian culinary delights awaits them.This risk you must take, as the owners Rosa and Chef Domenico are engaging, knowledgeable, warm with their smile and fuzzy like Pellegrino. The dining room is very cozy, reminiscent of an Italian courtyard, inviting, casual, and definitely not pretentious. The food was as fresh as freshly picked basilico. Everything from the homemade mozzarella, bread, pesto, Sicilian pizza, from scratch pasta, chicken martino....Shall I say more to incrase your mouthwatering levels ?My taste buds lingered in delight throughout the whole evening. I cannnot believe that although this restaurant has been in this location for six years that it took me so long to learn about it. From a foodie standpoint, this is the freshest, most delicious, scrumptious Italian food I have ever had. I thoroughly enjoyed everything I sampled and have to mention that the Sicilian pizza was perhaps the highlight of the meal, almost so unreal and delightfully simple that dessert afterwards was almost unecessary, however I am still glad that I had it as the tiramisu was light and refreshing at the same time.Thank you Rosa and Domenico for a spectacular dining experience, and superb hospitality in a great setting. You completely outwowed me!
4	Even tough this is not a restaurant close to were I live, I ended up here a few nights ago. People in this neighborhood should take advantage of this Sicilian restaurant. Rosa and Domenico are gracious hosts and they truley enjoy cooking and serving their guests.I agree, the location almost does not do you any justice but when you enter the restaurant you feel very at home.The food: well, it was hot, fresh and my tast buds enjoyed every bite of the sampler I was served. The tiramisu was probably  the best I have tasted in a long time.Can't wait to get back there soon.
5	So, the restaurant that my friend is always raving about was where we went. Basilico was an experience from the second I walked through the door. As a lover of Italian food, if it's not authentic, it's not for me. My meal was by far the best Italian food I've had in years! Other than the food, the ambiance was perfect. Very friendly yet professional. I knew I was in for a treat the second i smelled the toasted bread and the refreshing pesto. I ordered the chicken parm and every bite got better. So tender and delish. My friend had me try her penne with vodka sauce and I will say that it was definitely the best vodka sauce ever! The pasta was al dente and so fresh...yummmIf you want true authentic Italian in Scottsdale, hands-down Basilico does it right.
5	The Food is incredible.  I've never had a bad meal there.  Check out Restaurant.com for a gift certificate though, each visit is a little pricey but better than flying to Sicily for a comparable meal.
5	To start, you should know that I am not the biggest lover of  Italian food.  My boyfriend is of Italian decent, so sometimes I never really have a choice about what genre of food is for dinner.  That being said, I LOVE LOVE Basilico.  He never has to convince me to go for Italian... I crave Basilico!!  It is not only right near my house, but is the best Italian food in the Phoenix Metro that I have had.  Rose, the owner and our waitress, is wonderful - always inviting and friendly!  Since the first time we dined, she has remembered what we like and even what I drink.  As for the food, the execusion on all the dishes are precise ... the homemade pastas are tender and cooked perfectly and the specials are always a great choice.  I am confident that you could order anything and will be completely satisfied.Basilico is a hiddent gem and I am always amazed that it's not jammed packed with a wait list.  After one visit, I am sure you'll become a regular. . . I know I did.
1	Went to Basilico because we love to support neighbourhood, family run businesses.My meal was pretty good although all three family members I went with had terrible experiences both in terms of quality of food and level of service. Atmosphere is good when you walk in, however the service was terrible. My wife had seriously undercooked pasta (and she likes al dente pasta, but this pasta was simply raw). Our server replied with a grunt and told us it was because they make their pasta fresh. He went on to suggest she erred by not requesting "well done pasta" and that if she wants to have pasta done this way she needs to ask. Strange as we've never complained about pasta being undercooked before. Ever.Bad experience. Hate to say it, but go to Macaroni Grill instead.
5	The food here is wonderful! I thoroughly enjoyed everything!
5	I'm back st this place and I couldn't be happier! I tried the lobster ravioli with asparagus, tomatoes,& shrimp in a lemon sauce and it was to die for! Rosa and her husband own the place and they treat everyone like family! You can't go wrong here! The food will make you wanna slap your momma and the service makes you feel like you are at home!
5	Moved to Prescott and Now called Rosa Pizzeria on 330 Gurl
