3	Last night was the grand opening of Oak Room, and it was quite a show. Great DJ, dancers, packed house, and sold out tables. While there were a few  hiccups during the opening, it was a pretty cool space with a good vibe. The oddest thing about the whole club is that there is only one bar. They were five deep waiting to even order. They hadn't hooked up the soda fountain yet, so they were pouring soda and water from bottles. It took way too much time, but that totally will be a kink they can work out.I'd like to see how Oak Room grows over the next few months. It's in a great location and has real potential based on how well the All-American Pub has done.
1	The only thing I can say about my experience here for the past two weekends is...WOW! The bouncer, whose education might be at a sixth-grade level, is the most ridiculous, down-grading human you will ever encounter. The dress code for this bar is absolutely ridiculous...NO HATS, SHORTS, T-SHIRTS, etc. Just an FYI this is not downtown NYC or upscale Hollywood. Since we were there before the first time they have developed velvet ropes, which they claim keep out the normal humans and only take the people who spend a million dollars (which never happens) at the bar, it has definitely down-graded.   This place wants to think it is the s***, but instead it is a less crowded Black Finn. I would recommend not giving money to this more than discriminatory bar, who thinks that only the normal-average looking girls along with douchebagedeness gentlemen deserve to get in. Note: The bouncer claims that he got in trouble for letting t-shirt/short wearing gentlemen in who spend money...which spells out the absolute crap management this establishment has in place. DON'T WASTE YOUR TIME...GO TO WOB INSTEAD!
4	The Oak Room is a very posh place. They are connected and co-owned by the same people that own the All American Pub next door. My taste is the All American Pub because it's more relaxed and it's well lit. The Oak Room is full of 30-40 somethings looking cool. We went on a Saturday night and loved that it is just off the lightrail stop. It was pretty empty around 10 when it opens. The dress code is pretty strictly enforced, but the guy at the door seemed pretty chill when we got there. The bartender was nice, and they serve Finlandia vodka as their house vodka. A vodka and sprite was $6 when we went. The dance floor was also completely empty, until we started dancing. I guess other people felt it was ok and long as they weren't the only ones out there.They also have an outdoor area which on a nice night is where a lot of people can be found. Overall, a good experience, just not really my normal thing.
3	I am biased and not in a good way, as in I am past the clubbing age I guess. This is definitely a club and not a lounge. My friends wanted to check it out, so after hanging out next door at All American Pub, we went next door. I was behind my friends by about 3 mins and they somehow got in with the speed of light. I found myself staring at a line of mostly dudes, standing by a velvet rope. All I can say is "No Thank You". The bouncer was nice enough to wave at me and getting me in, and I am sure being a girl was the reason. The place was nice, that is if I could really see. I think I needed a night vision goggles just to find my friends. And the music was really really loud, so I guess that meant they have a great sound system. In order to take a break for my ears and allow my eyes to see, one could go out to the patio, but then you will be subjected to endless cigarette smoke because it isn't a big patio. By the way, the crowd is pretty young, when will they learn that smoke kills?!So yes, it was probably a hip place, and it gives people an alternative to be hip without going uptown, but I don't think I will be a frequent patron.
1	I attempted to go here with three friends on Saturday night. We were dressed up - I had on a nice black dress and platform heels and the guys with me had on collared shirts,  dark jeans and loafers. Anyway, we'd been waiting at the front of the line for about 20 minutes, so I walked up to the door man to ask when he thought general admission would be let in. He waved his clipboard and responded, "you can go back to the line and tell your friends right now that if you don't have a table, or you aren't on the VIP list, then they're not getting in." I went back to the line and told my friends and some other people waiting in the line what the doorman said. A few moments later a blonde chick walks up from the back of the line, and asks about general admission. He asked her who was with her, looked at her friends, and then unlocked the rope and let them. We watched this type of thing happen a few more times and it became clear that the common denominator was everyone that was being let in was white. I don't know if this was intentional, but it doesn't matter because it's clear who they DON'T want in this club. I also watched three nicely dressed guys give him a name for a VIP party and be told that they needed to contact the person who put them on the list before they could be let in; however, a few minutes later while the guys were standing out front trying to get in contact with their VIP guest, a group of white girls came up and gave the same bouncer the same name and he let them in with no additional questions asked. When the guys questioned the bouncer about it, he said "look, I'm trying to work with you here" but still didn't let them in.None of it was right. After we saw that, my group left along with a lot of people in the line who also saw what was happening. It was very disconcerting and I definitely won't be returning. I understand being selective about people that come into your club, but this was just downright racist.
2	I only really want to talk about one thing at Oak Room. The bartender had no idea what she was making me. I asked for a Vodka Collins. She nods her head for acknowledgment. I suspected she may not know how to make it. She started my drink, then turned to her two bartender friends for confirmation. They shrugged and said sure. Before handing the drink to me, she even said to herself (loud, though, because I could hear her), "this probably isn't right." I took a sip, thinking maybe I missed something that she put in and maybe she did do it right. Nope, wrong. Uhh, girl... if you don't know what you're doing, ask! Damn. I obviously know what I'm ordering, so just ask! My cousin was paying for drinks, but if I was the one paying, I wouldn't have paid until she remade it correctly.Other than that, what can I say? It's a club. Loud music, packed with sweaty people dancing. Free entry, though, so that's a plus. $3 coat check, but it's not per coat. So make sure if you do that, you get your whole group's coats together and hand it over all at once.
4	After moving from NYC, I was in search of a good dancing club. Don't get me wrong, I love Charlotte, but there aren't a lot of going out places besides Epicenter, which is the "go to" place for when you have out of towners with you and you want to show them a good time. The Oak Room, located in upcoming South End is trendy and posh. Everyone is dressed to impressed, the music is upbeat, and you can barely hear yourself think.The Oak Room consists of two rooms, and it's connected to the All American Pub. However, these two venues are COMPLETELY different. The Oak Room is filled with mid 20s-40s looking to dance the night away. The place gets packed after midnight, so be sure to get there beforehand, or you'll be waiting behind the velvet rope. There is a dress code, which alot of people complain about...but guys if you don't like it, head next door! The dress code is strictly enforced, so don't be surprised if you're not allowed in. The Oak Room is for those that want to dress up, have a girl's night, sexy date night, and want to dance. The DJ is awesome and the music makes you want to move!
4	Busy place but amazing atmosphere!
4	This place was really nice. I like the two sides. The dancing side was packed. There was a mixed crowd and a ton of different people to dance or mingle with. The only con was the line when you first get there.
1	Upon arrival I was told to remove my hat, which I totally respect. They told me to leave my hat behind a curtain and it would be safe. While inside, I noticed a few people with hats which was really just an added frustration. When we went to leave the hat was gone and the bouncers claimed nobody went back by the curtain and then ignored any further questions. Ok... it happens, people steal things that are left unattended. On our way out a group of girls grabbed my girlfriend's purse and tried to walk away with it. Luckily she had it around her shoulder and neck. When confronting them they punched her in the face drawing blood. I have lived in SouthEnd and NoDa for 6 years and have never felt so violated. Maybe it isn't specifically the fault of Oak Room, but this is a preview of the type of people who frequent this place. Something to consider before spending a weekend night there.
5	Oak Room never disappoints! My girl friends and I go almost every Saturday and always have a blast. The drinks are reasonably priced, the music is ALWAYS on point, and the service is speedy! If you're looking for a great night out with your friends Oak Room should be your number one choice!
5	This is one of my favorite places to go out in Charlotte. They always have a great and diverse crowd (Check out their pictures on FaceBook). Everyone is definitely dressed to empress. The resident DJ plays good music (EDM, Top 40, Hip Hop). They have a dance floor bar, Patio bar and a side room bar so it's not real hard to get a drink. The ladies that work there are real cool. It's great to have a dance club on The South End of Charlotte. It's a real fun place to be on Saturday nights.
1	This club is discriminatory in it's entrance procedures.  This place needs to be exposed for it's racist policies.  Totally ridiculous behavior for a club that is trying to be a top-of-the-line establishment in Charlotte. Heard it's not doing well, hope a new place moves in soon.
3	1) The security guy working the entrance needs to reevaluate his life choices. While waiting under the tent, in the rain, I had to deal with his antics twice. Also watched as he was downright rude to people waiting in the "general admission" line. 2) Sneaker heads be aware, you will not get in unless you know the owner/manager/an actual VIP. Yes, we all know your shoes are more expensive than the required dress shoes. Yes, we know that you won't start any problems because you love your shoes. You will not get in.3) Went on a Saturday night, walked right up to the bar and ordered 4 drinks. Being in the most crowded area of the club, I was surprised that I didn't have to wait. The bartender was efficient, especially when taking my credit card.4) Extremely diverse crowd. Minus one girl who was WGW, everyone was friendly and fun. No drama.5) DJ was bangin.
1	Oak room will never waste my time again smh. If you don't buy a table you will not be admitted entrance to this so called exclusive club. Seems like you need to be of the Caucasian decent to even be in there. Hate to pull the race card but it is what is.
1	If your Black you are not getting in this place, you can be dressed to impress. Your not going to get in. I was told that my shoes were not up to standard, I had on black European dress shoes.  I waited in line for at least 20 mins while guys with Chuck Taylors walked right in with no problem.  This place is trash, this place will never be on my go to list for places to spend money.  This isn't NYC or DC, your a dump in Charlotte.
1	Really...!! The security guy (white tall dude) need to fuckin chill and stop fuckin disrepect people... Fuckjng dumb fuck....
