1	Awful.  I didn't know how bad it was until I went to a different GE and saw how good it could be.  The lines are long, the produce selection is minimal, and the store is overcrowded.The last straw was yesterday when the cashier blew her nose, stuck kleenex up her nose, then put it back in her pocket and continued to scan groceries.  When I complained to the manager, they denied any of their employees were sick.I'm done shopping at this store.
1	This Giant Eagle maybe the worst supermarket I've ever been to. There are thugs hanging out by the entrance and in the parking lot. The interior is dark and dank and has an outdated "made in the 70s" feel. With options like this I don't have a problem taking the extra time to drive to Trader Joe's.
1	Scariest/shadiest grocery store experience in my life. Hubby and I pulled in only to see a few cars down, people selling who-knows-what out of their car trunk. Also this is the only Giant Eagle tht gives you a really hard time if you ever forget your advantage card and give your phone no instead (it works at the other ones just fine). Then we leave by waiting for a really dazed/swaying woman to finish wandering around back and forth in front of us, and pass by a drive-by fat cash exchange (drugs?) on our way out of the parking lot. We are definitely scared to return, and will never need grapes (or any other groceries) so desperately again.
1	The store reeks of rotting fish, the security guards watch you like a hawk and the food selection is the worse I've seen in any Giant Eagle in the city.One plus if you must shop here there are plenty of jitney drivers waiting for you to come out to offer you a ride.  That can be a big help if you are like me and don't have a car. "Need a car" haha some things about living in the hood just never change. With this being the closet G E to Downtown and PNC Park and Heinz field I would think they would renovate but it's been years and still no change.
1	Awful.  Worst grocery store I've ever been to.  To make it worse, they are supposed to open at 7.  At 7:10, I was told they were "still getting ready to open" and I should come back "around 7:30"
1	The store has a weird rotting meat smell sometimes. The selection isn't amazing but there are a few interesting items here. As other people commented there are always people hanging around outside.... But they are friendly at least to me! One thing I like about the store is the proximity to my house. The biggest let down is the sky high prices that I think GE is notorious for... I miss Kroger
1	Zero stars? Really terrible store. High prices, THE WORST PRODUCE EVER (And no, it isn't the lighting...) and rude employees. Never mind the people hanging out out front and in the parking lot, who cares. What I'm truly concerned about is the vast discrepancy between this store and very nearly all of the other Giant Eagle locations in the Pittsburgh area. One would assume that there would be some quality control within their chain of stores. Truly sad that the North Side has so few options at which to shop for reasonably priced, fresh food. Also, enjoy getting followed around by the walleyed "undercover" employee. Looks like Lurch from the Addams Family. Good riddance.
2	It's close to my neighborhood, hence the 2 star. but seriously, it's like Walmart stuff at Whole Food's price. for the same item, it charges substantially higher (~40%+) than Target -which is not even known for cheap grocery.  I still go there because it's close, and I go for specific items on sale so it's not bad. But overall the store is way too pricy - for no good reason! which is probably the reason it gets on my nerve the most! over the years I've frequented many pricy groceries: Andronico's (CA), Morton Williams (NY), Wegman (MD), and Whole Foods everywhere - and these stores all had one common quality: they carry nice stuff! When I want to cook pretentious gourmet food, they have every ingredient ready. I don't expect every store to be cheap and carry good stuff like Trader Joe's, ergo I was never the one to oppose stores just because they're pricy. But this one is just pricy unjustifiably. You can over charge me on truffle oil and duck confit, but I'm not happy to be charged double on corn syrup and canola oil. Same brand, same item, nearly double the price. even the CVS downtown don't overcharge as much so don't say this is for the location. This is the definition of a rip off.
1	So I got a call from Giant Eagle asking me to give my opinion of this store. My recommendation was to burn this place to the ground. Buckle up for crappy produce, rotten fish, old meat, and security guards that speck you be stealin! This is the Gh**to Eagle!
2	This Giant Eagle is one of the few that only use the Giant Eagle name, but is owned independently of the Giant Eagle company. It is a franchise, which may explain why it is such a dump.To shop here, you first have to get into the store, which means dodging bums and people selling EBT cards just outside the store. Once inside, you have to find a cart that has all 4 wheels, travels in a straight line, doesn't make squeeky noises, and isn't wet or filled with trash. Then go to the produce department. Whenever I go to the produce department of any other grocer, I notice some of the produce has fallen on the floor, and some has rolled under the shelves. I'm almost positive that this produce is collected and sent to the Cedar ave Giant Eagle.This store is not clean.To its credit, they still have people who bag groceries for you, and the staff are decent, especially considering the demoralizing nature of their work environment. The location is also very good.If the Cedar Ave Giant Eagle wants to improve, it needs to hire security to keep the parking lot clear of panhandlers, get new shopping carts, get rid of the self-checkout registers, improve their produce department, and have an overnight cleaning team. Until then, they will keep pushing me and everyone else to shop with their competition.
2	The only reason to shop here is that going anywhere else is out of your way. The prices our worse than other GE stores and I wonder why. The produce is not very fresh and the meats never looks good . The store never looks very clean. I was hopeful a couple of years ago when the store was refurbished and it was nicer for a while but now it's back to it's old ways. I have friends that refuse to go there because of the scary parking lot where people sell "things" out of their cars and at the driveway exit. If there is outside cameras, the Pgh police should take a look. I wish there was an alternative to shop in the northside. Kuhns off Brighton rd is about the same except the prices are better.
3	OK-- I need to stick up for this store after reading these other reviews.  I live nearby and have shopped here multiple times a week for the past year or so.  I find this store to be consistently clean and the employees to be helpful, polite, and efficient.  Despite being much smaller than most Giant Eagle stores, this one offers a decent selection of international foods, organic products, and vegetarian/vegan items.  I regularly buy produce here and see no difference between the quality/freshness of what this store offers and what other Giant Eagle stores sell.  The main difference in the produce section is, truly, the lack of dim, directional lighting that new and newly renovated stores use to give their produce that false garden-fresh glow.  Harsh overhead lighting doesn't create much of a mood, but at least I can see clearly enough to choose the freshest items.As for all the remarks about this store's clientele...wow.  It's amazing how people in the politically-correct 21st century manage to find new ways to express 19th-century bigotry.  All the comments about "thugs" and "bums" and "EBT cards"?  Why don't you just say what you mean?  Better yet, just stay in the homogenous suburbs where you can buy your mood-lit grapes among "your kind."No, this isn't the world's greatest grocery store.  Yes, I sometimes fantasize that it will close and a Trader Joe's will move in.  But it's not the terrifying, stinking hellhole full of rotten food and sneering employees that these other reviews portray it to be.  In dozens of trips here, I've never had anything but an ordinary, inoffensive shopping experience.  Do you really need more from a small, neighborhood grocery store?
3	It wasn't as horrid as the reviews would lead you to think. Just don't expect a gleaming suburban-style mega-mart and you will be fine.
2	I hate to agree with the other poor reviews of this branch, but this is definitely far from the best Eagle in the city. I'll say upfront that I never felt unsafe the three times that I have been here. However, the quality of the produce from my experience is pretty poor. The lines are always long and take forever to get through. Furthermore, the stuff in the bakery and goodies are below par. I'd recommend stopping in another Giant Eagle if you can. However, this location DOES have a Redbox, which is nice.
2	I've had a lot of bad experiences at this store. The employees have been rude so much that I just expect them to roll there eyes when I get deli meat. Lines are long, and there's always a crowd of people hanging out front begging for money, cigarettes, or trying to sell their food stamps. I have filed a complaint with corporate about this store before and I was contacted by a manager. I do have to say, that this manager really, sincerely cares about this store and customer experience. I talked to him for 20 minutes and he was polite and friendly. His name is Mr. Youngblood, and he urges you to ask for a manager if you're having a bad experience.Produce selection is terrible, there is not a meat counter in store, and it's just feels dirty. This is the only grocery store on the north side, so it's not as easy to "just go somewhere else" sometimes when you get off work, you don't want to drive 10 minutes to go to Kuhns on mcknight.
3	Why all the hate for this Giant Eagle? Sure it's not in the ritzy part of town but they have everything all the other Giant Eagles have. I've never gone here and not found what I needed. Don't be scared of people just because they are different than you. This Giant Eagle gets the job done and is fine by me! BTW the charmingly ghetto picture is hilarious and we'll fitting! Bravo!
2	This is a small, franchise-owned location that caters to the predominantly low income households in the area. Selection is quite limited throughout the store with limited quantities on the shelf of the items they do carry. Because of the area in which it is located, the store is NOT 24-hours as most Giant Eagle's seem to be. The pharmacy inside the store, unlike the store itself, is corporate owned, and it's staff is friendly and efficient. A stark contrast to the rest of the store.Once again reflecting the relatively low income of the area this store serves, there will be one of more jitney's (unlicensed cabs, effectively) waiting outside the store willing to take you and your groceries home for a small fee. In general, if you CAN shop somewhere else, you will probably want to.
