5	This place is the best foot massage place in Las Vegas.  It is very nice inside clean and with new hardwood floors.  They usually have some sort of Blue Planet HD movie playing.  I highly recommend this place.
2	We went there after dinner.  Saw the sign by the door.  Pricing seem reasonable @ $18 for half an hour.  Wife and I both ordered an hour massage for $36 each.  The place seems clean and they have a nice flat tv inside the room playing, I think it was animal planet.  My foot massage was good but couldn't say the same about my wife's one.  The guy seems courtesy and knowledgable at first but about half way through the foot massage, my wife caught him dozed off at least twice.  He was just holding my wife's feet with his eyes closed.  When my wife asked him if he fell asleep, he denied it and say he closed his eyes so he can feel the tension on the feet.  Really!?  She didn't believe him and told him just stop and just leave.  The girl that massaged me felt bad and give my wife a 10 minutes massage on the shoulders once she was done with me.  When paying, we told the cashier in the front about what happened.  She didn't even apologize or say anything.  We tip the girl, nothing for the guy.Cannot say the whole experience was bad, it would be unfair for the girl that massaged me.  She really try to make up for the idiot's fault.  We had better foot massages elsewhere around that area.
4	Foot Spas are something I've only caught on to the past 5 years or so. They are wonderful! My boyfriend had never been to one, so we went last Saturday and paid only $18 for a 30 minute session. (Anniversary Special) They served us hot tea while we reclined in very cushy chairs. Our spot was directly in front of the aquarium. Overhead an HD Planet Earth movie was playing. We both really enjoyed it and will be back. I love that they are open to 2am. This might become a late night spot to bring visitors after a day & night of fun downtown or on the Strip.
1	The worst foot massage experienced.  My wife agreed.  The two girls chatted in Chinese non stop while we were there.  They basically touched our feet for an hour, even after we asked them to do something different.  We left the place frustrated as hell.
4	Suki is great. I've been to several around town and I've finally found one I will return to. $18/hr only applies to foot massage only. I got an hour and it cost $48. Wasn't thrilled bout that but Suki did ask me in the beginning if I understood the pricing and I sd yes thinking the $18 was just confirmed at the front counter.  Guess my fault for not asking but seemed a bit sneaky and the reason I knocked 1 star off. All in all, was well worth it and I will return to Suki.
3	My massage therapist was an adorable Asian girl who didn't speak even one word. I don't think I really enjoyed the 30 minutes foot massage but the two people that I was with were VERY happy with theirs. So caveat emptor! If you want a good massage you may have to do a few trial and error tests to find your favorite massuse here.
5	I am surprised at the bad reviews I see for this place. I do agree the guy falling asleep is very unfortunate and unacceptable but I have never had that happen to me.   These masseuses probably work long hours for little pay so I could understand how this might happen. Massage is very personal so what might be good for one person is not good for another.   All in all this is easily the best foot massage place in Las Vegas and its very cheap. I have never been ask for a tip here nor do I think they ever expect one.  Myself and my friends have brought others here and have not heard any complaints yet about this place.
2	I've been to this place numerous times with my bf. Our first date was getting foot massages here. Loved the nature show on TV, the large fish tank and ambience. During my first visit, I really enjoyed the  foot massage. $18 for a 30-minute foot massage is a bargain plus add a $5-10 tip. However, the massages have been hit or miss. The last few have been painful and the last guy that massaged my feet totally beat them up. Plus, the masseuses were conversing with each other during my massage. I absolutely hate that!
4	I've been looking for a nice clean foot massage place ever since I moved to Vegas from Los Angeles. I quickly became a regular here as soon as I discovered it. It's not as dim as other foot massage spas in town. Atmosphere here is very relaxing and zen. There is a nice fish tank in the middle of the center room and creates more privacy for customers on each side. You can get a private room if your parties are more than 2. TV is always playing planet earth from discovery channel. It's open from 11am to 12am everyday.(Price: $18 for 30 mins foot massage or $36 for one hour foot massage.)  It's located on second floor of China town plaza.
5	It was the best massage so far.. My therapist Rose had the right pressure n gentle.. Thank u.. We'll be going back whenever we're in Vegas
1	I got shaken down on my reflexology massage.just because you think i have money, or i am not your usual clientele pls dont shake me down!i offered a 5$ tip to the lady who doesnt even speak a word english who made another girl translate for me she wants more; because she usually gets over 20%? really??.(is that how much You tip?) . i though of coming back before that because she was  smiles and pleasing but at the end when she started pouting  for more tip, i didnt like it, SO I DID  give her over 20% !! it worked, but never again.she didnt even say thank you.i thought that giving a tip is just costumary, not only that your not supposed to ask me for it, you are not to tell me how much you want! if its bigger that 15% just  take it! you cant even service me in english, what else do you want?
2	Came here for a 30 minute reflexology session (they had a special for $18). It's definitely a spacious area that they've got, comfortable chairs, and no wait/no appointment makes it easy to come here whenever. There's also a fish tank in the middle of the room where I got my foot massage. I have to say it's a bit strange to have a large flat screen TV showing animals attacking other animals while getting a massage, but it's okay, you can close your eyes.I was disappointed with my massage. I didn't catch the guy's name, but he kept sighing throughout. Instead of focusing on the different pressure points on the bottom of my feet, he mostly just rubbed my calf, occasionally massaging the toes. There are other cheaper places if you're willing to drive a few more blocks down the road. I don't think I'll be coming back here.
5	* Love the cleanliness* Love Michael who massaged me and Rachel who did my husband* Location is good
5	The service is so good here I never go anywhere else. They are super cheap , friendly , and I never have to wait or make an appointment. Did I mention the rates are ridiculously cheap. I wish this place was in chicago !!!
1	Not impressed. I never actually got a reflexology massage because I got tired of getting jerked around and left. I got led back to a room immediately but then sat there for another 8-ish minutes before I saw a person again. A girl hurriedly brought a tub of water, set it down, then promptly took off without a word.I waited, like a chump, with my feet in water until it got cold about 15 minutes later then dried my feet, put my shoes back on, and left. WTF?I only counted 2 other customers at the time so I can't fathom why I was left sitting by myself wasting my time for 20+ minutes. As I was walking out the lady behind the counter just looked at me and said "oh sorry".
2	I went there today for a foot massage. The premises are clean and the young gal that gave me a foot massage did a soso job as she did not have the strength .. I have had many foot massages all over the world and on a scale of 1 to 10, her skills were maybe a 3. It was $36 for 1 hour and when left I gave $40 total. Not the best tip, but considering that I did not get a heavy massage I felt it was okay. The receptionist had the nerve to tell me that it was minimum $10.00 tip for a one hour foot massage. Are you kidding me? Do you even know the meaning of "tip". The service should be very good to get around 20%, let alone 30%! I gave them another dollar and left. I was planning on going back there the next couple of days, but I am done with this place.I should have read the similar reviews on Yelp before I went in. Oh, and that nonsense about getting tea from another reviewer - no tea was ever given to me.
