5	AY ya ya ya yaaaaa!!I LOVE THIS PLACE! I'm totally used to the whole Mexican owned mechanics since my dad was always at them haha. I cam here for a full sized tire since I was rolling on a donut. The guy was pretty busy but got to us quickly and helped me. He got my tire size and found me a nearly new tire!!I paid 30$ for the tire and labor!! HELLA CHEAP! The guys are totally nice as well! I forgot my keys on the table and he ran and got them : )There was a lady there who said she drives 45 mins just to get her truck worked on, that she'll NEVER go anywhere else! The place is a typical mechanics/tire place, smells like oil and all that!! Go here for an awesome deal and great customer service!!
5	I love this place. They are open 24 hours. Any used tire is $35. In and out in less than 30 minutes. They only take cash. I found this little gem when I got a flat tire at 10:30 PM on a Saturday night in Vegas!
5	I used them for a tire repair after one of the big-name places refused to fix a puncture because it was supposedly too close to the side of the tire.  It was practically a brand new tire and I didn't want to have to buy a new one already.  So, I plugged it myself and drove on it for a year (so I'm pretty sure the tire's not going to blow out).  The recommendation not to repair comes from the US rubber manufacturer's specifications (i.e., run by the people who make and sell tires), not from a safety agency, and that's why the big guys didn't want to fix it - they'd rather sell tires than fix old ones!  Making the specifications extra-stringent only benefits them.  I learned that in England tire repair specifications are written by a safety agency, not the people who sell tires, and my repair would have been considered safe to do there.  Anyway, the plug wasn't a perfect fix - it really needed a patch - and after getting frustrated with dealing with a slow leak and having to pump up that tire every few days, I came to Llantera El Rancho.  They fixed it for me quickly, inexpensively, and with a smile.  I will probably buy new tires when I next need to replace mine, but this will definitely be my go-to place for tire repairs.
2	Mechanics made my car worse when doing an alignment. Got my money back from Patricio, but mechanics tried to rip me off.
4	35 bucks will get you a decent used tire. Service is good and fast. We were in and out in less then 10 minutes. Hard to beat when you're looking to save a few bucks. Oh yeah, and they're open 24 hours!
5	i work the second shift downtown and when i got out to my car at midnight, imagine my dismay when i saw i had a flat tire.  i called my insurance company's roadside service who came out and tried to inflate it, but we could all hear it hissing and coming out.  they overinflated me and told me to follow them - that they knew just where to go.  i followed them to llantera and we were immediately greeted.  the roadside service told me that i would probably need a new tire and i was pretty bummed because these were pretty new and expensive tires (i was too cheap to buy the additional warranty). llantera gave me great news - they thought they could fix it without having to get me a new tire and they were right.  the whole thing was extremely inexpensive and i got home safe and sound.  i've been riding around on the tire they fixed for months now.  they could have ripped me off and sold me a tire, but they didn't, and for that honesty, they have earned my repeat business.
5	Fast Cheap and very professional 5 star with no comments
