1	A DUMP! I made the mistake of booking this place because I thought it was a HAMPTON INN.... and it was close to my business location. It looks like a hampton in on the website and the picture depicts hampton inn... any how... unsafe, dirty, untrained staff... the management couldn't give a clam about this place... I got my rental car broken into the first night and when I told the fornt desk to contact their security and make a note they said I should call the police... like it wasn't their problem... housekeeping never cleaned my room and I had to ask for clean towels and shampoo when I got back to the hotel... if you book this place and give them your money... well...then you are to blame.... stay away from here because they should be out of business... to top it off... my conforter at Comfort in had a nasty blood stain or looked like a blood stain.... who knows what kind of crap happens in this hotel.... but cleanliness is not one of their strong points to say the least...NEVER AGAIN... NEVER...
4	Decent as far as Comfort Inns go. Not the greatest neighborhood. The staff was very friendly and the housekeeping respected my do not disturb sign the entire week I was there:)
5	Considering the low price, this place was a amazing. Convenient -- not much of a neighborhood, but who cares? Large, comfortable, attractive rooms - quiet! Lovely staff, comfortable beds, good wi-fi. Didn't try out the pool but it was always empty and looked inviting. I'll definitely stay here again!
4	The hotel was great. The front desk folks could have been a little more pleasant, but overall they were ok. My room was very comfortable. The bed was great. Flatscreen in the room with several HD channels. My room overlooked the pool and where I parked my car. There are several places to eat and fuel up if you need to. The hotel is very close to the highway. The free breakfast was very good. The wifi was free and fast.My only compliant is not with the hotel but with the way the Choice Privileges handled my stay. Due to the fact that I booked my stay using points (10,000 points) my stay did not go towards my account. On this entire trip I stayed at different Choice Hotel chains. The Choice Privileges people should be ashamed by not allowing me to have my points and credit for this stay. Nothing against this hotel, but this is the type of treatment that makes me want to avoid any Choice property ever again. Lesson learned Choice Privileges folks, I WILL NOT STAY AT A CHOICE PROPERTY EVER AGAIN IF I'M BOOKING WITH POINTS!!!!! Because of this, I do not qualify for the free night promotion that Choice is currently running with their Choice Privileges program.
4	Stayed here for one night while road tripping in Arizona. The location is very convenient. There is free parking which is always a plus. The front desk staff was pleasant. I got a very good rate so I feel like I can't complain much. My only complaint would be that the walls are quite thin and I could hear the TV and conversation of the guy who was staying in the room next to mine, nothing a little background noise doesn't drown out. The hotel is clean and well kept. Free breakfast is served every morning in the lobby. Also free wifi which works fast.
