4	We really lucked out on this hotel. My family was visiting the Scottsdale/Phoenix area for my cousin's wedding and parlayed it into a trip to see some of my brother's games/practices during spring training. We picked this particular hotel, by chance. It just so happened to be very centrally located to everything we wanted to do while in the city. It is located in the Old Town portion of Scottsdale, which is walking distance to restaurants, bars, SMOCA, the Performing Arts Center among other attractions. It is a clean hotel with complimentary wireless (huge bonus), a pool, a restaurant downstairs and da da da dummmmm....a bar. Jake's Bar to be exact. For those interested in visiting this part of town I highly recommend this hotel.
2	I picked this hotel for myself and 3 co-workers due to its proximity to the bars of Old Town.  I was immediately disappointed with this hotel.  Mind you it was over $200 a night and should be more in like the $90 range.  I have stayed at various Hilton Garden Inn's across the country - this one being the most expensive and by far the dingiest!!!! The only thing this hotel has going for it is LOCATION.  My room was right next to the elevator - so I could hear it beep each time it stopped on our floor. The website shows flat screen tvs in the rooms - well, not my room...  On the third night my drunken co-worker went to the front desk and asked for a key to my room - which he was given even though his name wasnt listed on the room.  I did not find this very amusing when I came stumbling in at 4am and someone was sleeping in my bed!!!!!  Even though that was meant as a joke I didnt feel safe at this hotel after that.Definitely will not return
5	Came here for a professional training/workshop, which the company paid for my stay at this hotel.I have to say that I was impressed with this place.  My own room with a gorgeous view of the Old Town and the swimming pool below.  Hilton Garden is within walking distance to several restaurants, bars and shops.  And if you wanted to explore further, just hop on the free trolley.The pool is a decent size, bigger than most hotels that I've stayed before.  The lounge areas are outfitted with mist sprays overhead.The lobby is inviting, which you could chill out with friends.  Also, if you're thirsty, you can get complimentary (plastic) cups of water or lemonade.  Plus, there is a 24-hour snack shop, filled with alcoholic beverages, sodas, juice, chips, candies, frozen food, medicines and toiletries.Dood!  Along with a restaurant and a bar, you could never leave this hotel.Best of all...complimentary wi-fi!!!
4	Stayed here for my bachelor party on NBA All Star weekend per suggestion of a friend who lives in the area. Smack dab in the middle of old town Scottsdale and walking distance from all the bars/lounges.Staff was friendly and accommodating, the rooms were not bad and the rates were very affordable vs some of the other nearby hotels. Its right across the street from the Mondrian, which is a super posh hotel for less than half the price. Just party/chill at the Mondrian and crash at the Hilton!Didn't get a chance to use the pool but its small and motel-ish. The parking garage is free but not that great looking.The kicker is the free homemade lemonade that's always available in the lobby! I'd stay here again if I come back.
4	this hotel is at a great location if you want to be near old downtown scottsdale or are in town for MLB spring training.  It is within fairly easy walking distance to the Giants stadium and all the shops and restaurants start about a block away.  The room was nice and clean, the breakfast buffet was pretty decent.  the pool looked nice but unfortunately we didn't have time to check it out, too much baseball to watch!  They also provide free wi-fi internet and free parking in an outside lot or underground.  would absolutely stay here again, also just a few blocks from Fashion Square and all the restaurants and shops on camelback rd.
1	Bad, bad, bad....I think I may have arrived during a bad weekend because I received the worst guest service at any hotel I have ever stayed. The guest service agents were not friendly nor welcoming. Although the staff was helpful, I sometimes felt like I was disrupting them. It didn't seem like a very busy weekend at the hotel, but it felt like 2 of the 3 who helped me that weekend were in terrible moods. I ended up having to transfer rooms before I spent a night in their bed, and although getting a new room was pretty smooth, the result of it was a pain. In the process of moving, I did not completely transfer all of my belongings into the new room. I remembered the next morning, and was able to obtain my makeup bag by asking the front desk for help. It wasn't until I was doing the 3 hour drive back home on a Sunday afternoon that I realized I had also forgotten 2 dresses in my room. I immediately called the hotel, and was told that I would be transferred to Housekeeping/Lost & Found because the housekeepers were still in the building. I left a message for the lady to call me back regarding the dresses, but never heard back. I understand it is my fault that I forgot the dresses; however, I wonder if it is a Hilton policy to only return what was claimed, and not everything that was left behind?Also, every morning, I woke up to loud banging, talking and shouting. I have stayed near the laundry rooms in other hotels before, but this was bad. It sounded like they were under some sort of construction/remodeling. I did speak to the manager regarding the noise, and he said I wasn't even near the housekeeping room. He was also able to get my dresses for me and offered to have them shipped to me. The price, management, free wi-fi and parking were definitely plusses, but for what I went through at this place, I won't  be returning. I'm glad others have been able to have a great stay though!
4	for business travel, this place wasn't nearly as nice as the HGI in the SF Bay Area.    Thank God it was only for one night.$99 corporate rate paid.great location for spring time baseball.  There's a small plaza across the street for some quick eats.Overall, good clean room, comfortable bed, and relaxing shower heads in the bafroom.
4	After 6 hours on the road, it was nice to be immediately greeted by the front desk guy. In 5 minutes, we were handed the keys to our room, which overlooked the swimming pool and patio area.The room itself is decent. Scent alone, the room was clean and didn't have that musty odor smell other hotel rooms tend to have. I guess it helped that the room had some plasticky vinyl blinds, instead of the typical drapes. Bed sheets and between the mattresses passed muster - clean and no signs of bed bugs. I thought that the Neutrogena toilettries were a nice touch.At $86 a night, it was a pretty sweet deal, putting us within walking distance to Old Town Scottsdale w/ all of it's little shops and restaurants. It was also within driving distance to Scottsdale Culinary, where my baby sis was graduating.The only thing I did not like was the amount of horn honking cars and the loud party goers, which can be heard from our room. But, that was probably unavoidable due to 1) it was Halloween night and 2) we were a block away from a variety of bars and restaurants. Other than that, our previous night was pretty quiet.Great place to stay. Great location. I would definitely stay here, again.
4	Being the road warrior that I am, I always find comfort in Hilton Garden Inns. I enjoy staying in Hiltons as well, but the HGI brand has done a fantastic job of making me comfortable without going over the top. The beds are classic HGI and very comfortable. There are  bunch of different pillow types for you to choose from. The internet is free and wireless. Breakfast isn't free like it is at the Hampton Inn, but if you have any status with Hilton Honors, then they give you vouchers for breakfast. As someone mentioned in their review as well, there aren't curtains, but this vinyl black shade that you pull down - kind of strange, but I guess it worked. It was pretty cold while I was there, although the pool looked very nice and the area surrounding the pool looked like it would be very useful during the hotter months. Location is prime here. It's close to Old Town, which means are you are a short walk or taxi away from bars, restaurants, and other things that make you come home without any money. I've found the people at Hilton Garden Inn's are always the nicest out of any Hilton family hotel. The people here didn't fail to meet the standard. Very cordial, very efficient, and very helpful.
4	I think all good evenings start when you check into a hotel accompanied by two ladies wearing skin-tight, thigh-length dresses...I, along with two lovely female friends, stayed at the HGI Scottsdale for NYE in hopes of avoiding a trip to Tent City.  It was truly captivating scanning the looks on all faces (staff, hotel and bar patrons, and my two female friends' reactionary faces) when I walked in with two bombshells.  Even better was the inspection we received as the three of us disappeared into the elevator.  BEST was the morning after when I emerged in gym shorts and a tee while the two presented themselves in last night's garb in a true "walk of shame" manner.  Did I mention one was my fiancee and the other was her boss?For the sake of an accurate review - this hotel is new, clean, and well-staffed.  All gawkers, I mean employees, were friendly and helpful, and they didn't pass (too) much judgment given the situation.  Additionally, they provided extra water as they knew we'd need it the following morning.  Would stay here again vs. TC.
4	Staff was very helpful, pool area was clean and up to date. Rooms were clean and up to date.Would stay here again.
4	The beds define the word "superlative" and the rest of the hotel is well maintained, clean and and welcoming.   Yeah, I'd stay there again.The location is great for Scottsdale since old town is on the door step and the fashion square mall is just a short, but pleasant walk away.The breakfast buffet is the typical high quality HGI breakfast. I'm so glad I get it for free as a hilton honors gold member, but it would still be worth paying for otherwise.  Unfortunately, the nacho's served at Jake's in the evening were amongst the saltiest and worst I've ever tasted and the house wine was simply horrific, but at least our "meal" of nacho's and dessert was totally redeemed by a very tasty banana split.
3	Stayed here for a business training.  It's a Hilton, so the rooms were nice.  The pool area and bar were awesome, and the cleaning staff were nice.  The only issue I had was with the front desk.  There was a mix-up with my reservation (their fault), they charged my company Am Ex twice, and I had to go through Am Ex to get the situation remedied.  They could have made a better attempt to satisfy a customer!!!
4	The hotel is clean and the pool area is nice. The buffet in the morning is worth the price. Not only do you get what you see out but the super nice gentleman will make you fresh omelets, pancakes, waffles, etc.The really great part about this hotel is the staff. They are amazing and the service is impeccable. They are quick and efficient and go out of their way to make your stay an enjoyable one. Thank you for making our trip an excellent one! We will be back again!
5	Another great stay at HGI!!  Loved the Diamond upgrade....and didn't have to ask for it! Had room service each night and it was good and fair priced!  In the immortal words of my former governor ......"I'll be back"!!
3	This place was just ok...The breakfast was 27 bucks for 2 people and tasted the same as what most Hilton Hotels serve for free. The rooms were small but clean, the bathrooms were outdated and didn't have the nice counter tops like most Hiltons/Hamptons have. The location was kind of hidden and most cab drivers didn't know where it was located but overall it was located in a great spot since it was in the middle of old downtown Scottsdale.
4	Nice accommodating hotel with ample parking and a great location only a couple minutes walk from old town scottsdale. My wife and I being the foodies that we are picked this hotel for it's convenient location within walking distance to Old Town Scottsdale where there are many restaurants and bars to choose from, in addition to the great location this hotel also had great service and was very accommodating . Upon arrival we were given two bottles of complimentary water we ended up prefering to drink the fresh chilled cucumber they had available. We made our reservations online and requested firm pillows which they provided. I could definitely see us staying here again in the future.
5	We showed up at 2 am after a grueling 11 hour drive through LA traffic. The man working at the front desk welcomed us with bottled water, complimented the cuteness of our dog, waived the pet fee, gave us a deal on the rate of the room, and free access to the wifi network. The room was impeccably clean, the bathroom was a little tight but stylish and clean, the bedding was really soft and fluffy, the coffee maker was AWESOME (just remember to unplug as to not blow the circuit). We were visiting for an event which was held on the property: the service was excellent. Polite, attentive, and quick on their feet. I left wondering why I hadn't stayed in a Hilton before. It was a great surprise after all that driving and definitely worth the trip.
1	Utterly infuriating. I arrive to find that the hotel is being renovated and contractors are tearing up the floor of the hotel with jackhammers. Awful continuous noise for days and days as they tear up every single tile in the lobby, halls, etc. dust everywhere, hotel staff wearing earplugs. For the inconvenience I am offered nothing more than a reduced price breakfast, (Woo Hoo! only 7,95). Then I arrive in my hotel room this evening to find that they are turning off the water tomorrow between 1.30 and 4.30pm. "If you have any questions regarding this situation feel free to contact the front desk." Yeah, my question is "how much do you really hate your customers?"
4	I stayed here over a two week period and I must say that Charlene at the front desk was truly amazing.  She made my stay a very pleasant one and I rounded up to 4 stars on her service alone.Other than that the hotel could use some updating, e.g. better TV's, a business center with computers that are not running Windows XP, and better A/C units that don't sound like there is a helicopter in your room.Above average breakfast with already made essentials and an omelette bar.Very nice gym.Overall, I would stay here again.  The people working the front desk go above and beyond and it makes up for any other shortcomings.
4	Stayed for a weekend on my first visit to AZ and thought it was very accommodating. Keurigs in the room for coffee in the morning or freshly brewed coffee and tea packets downstairs in the lobby.Staff always greets you warmly. House keeping comes to ensure you're room is made upon your return. Parking is easy. No complaints.
1	Totally disappointed in this hotel.I made a reservation a month ago and confirmed at the time of my booking two rooms that their parking lot could accommodate a Penske truck with a car carrier. "No problem" Jenna told me... Jenna being a front desk representative at the Hilton Garden Inn.Fast forward to today when I called the hotel to confirm our reservation and also the availability of parking, which was was now not available.Our truck was loaded and the front desk manager at the Hilton Garden Inn, Theresa, with whom I spoke said they were "working on it".... That being accommodating our truck & car carrier. 45 minutes later when I phoned back (no follow up from them in the interim), they were still working on it.Having spent no less than ten years in a customer service environment as a trade show coordinator, I know that you do not leave a customer twisting in the wind for close to an hour while you "work on it."Thank goodness for the Holiday Inn Express in Scottsdale and for Josh who accommodated our parking needs and provided us with two beautiful suites at a price comparable to what the Hilton Garden Inn would have been.As for Theresa and Jenna and the Hilton Garden Inn, I finally received a call back indicating they could accommodate us by having our truck parked in a nearby valet lot where we would take golf cart shuttles from and to it. Lord knows exactly how far that valet lot might have been and how inconvenient it may have been. But the bottom line is we booked at the Holiday Express Inn & Suites.My advice... Don't bother wasting your money at a hotel that misrepresents itself and does not put the customer first. Head on over to the Holiday Inn Express where they  provide lovely rooms and accommodate their guests in a way that is truly customer friendly. Should I be returning to Scottsdale,  you can bet your bottom dollar that the Holiday Inn Express & Suites will definitely be my first choice of hotels and I would be hard pressed to ever consider a Hilton property in the future.
4	Friendly and helpful staff... Extremely convenient location for Old Town and Fifth Street.  Also, a Keurig coffee maker in the room.  A definite bonus for making better "in room" coffee.
2	No continental breakfast for $200.00 a night?! The pizza was good though. I would say just an okay hotel, not great.
3	1 night stay with family after flying in to go to Sedona & Grand Canyon. Overall exactly what u should get at an HGI. Didn't charge us extra when my daughter insisted to the front desk clerk that there was 5 of us when I only booked it for 4. Nice bar / fire pit / pool area for hanging out after a long trip. Be careful the pool is shallow I about broke my ankle jumping in.Room & beds decent. In-room Keurig is nice. A/C & street noise are bit more than i like but no one had any problem snoozing.
4	This hotel gets the job done. It's very convenient to Old Town Scottsdale and transportation, and the price is just right. It has a nice, quiet pool and a bar. It's a great hotel for a vacation when you'll be out and about for the day. Who needs all the bells and whistles when you'll just be sleeping there? It was perfect for our needs and within walking distance of so many places. We didn't even have a car during our trip.
5	If you want to hang out in Old Scottsdale for a night, this is the place to stay! I'm giving it 5 stars...it's not a 5 star hotel but it is clean, friendly and inexpensive. They had wine in the lobby that looked like self serve. They also gave us 2 $.50 drink coupons upon arriving. They offer a golf cart to take you where ever you want to go (which is free, but you should definitely tip them). While we waited for the golf cart we went to their bar to get our drinks. It was small but nicely decorated and clean. The bartender was very nice too. They had a nice pool and the rooms had refrigerators and coffee maker for your morning Joe. Just what we needed! This is so close to everything and if it weren't 150 degrees outside we could have walked everywhere (really happy we didn't have to walk). We will definitely be back and we will definitely stay here again.
4	Great location! Old town Scottsdale is a great town to walk around.  I especially like the Oatmeal cookies that the Hilton Garden Inn offers in the evening. I think they have them at all their locations?  The staff has always been so pleasant and accommodating.
1	Be cautious about prepaying for a hotel room. They will put you in the worst room in the hotel. Come to find out that the pool is under construction. I thought the staff unhelpful and unprofessional. While looking around in the room I saw blood on the pillow case.I was hoping we could check out and go to another Hiton since we are hilton rewards members but not a chsnce.We were s o l.
4	As far as HGI's go,  this one rocks!  Not the newest,  but very well updated.  The lobby is nice and they have a full time water station (fruit waters) and a full time hot chocolate bar!  Outdoor pool,  hot tub and fire pit areas are awesome.  They've upgraded me twice to suites, it's right across from the main section of old town and the price is right!  All things considered,  this is one heck of an HGI!
