5	It was our first time hanging out in Montreal and we fell in love with the people and the community because of stores like this. The meticulously curated antiques paired with local artists' work had us in the store for an hour. We bought four prints and he even sold us stamps.  We can't wait to go back!
5	Great store!!! Go there.
5	Art epicenter for underground comics run by the wise and crafty Billy Mavreas, trust me you want to approach softly and see if you can get him opening drawers for you and telling stories. There is a whole history of poster art tucked into the nooks and crannies of Monastiraki, rareties coming through, art exhibits and friendly parties sorta monthly, and all kinds of good looking and weird antiques and vintage books and memories to be dusted off and appreciated by the right set of hands. The whole place is a living installation - if you're lucky in the summer you walk by and the window is alight with shadow puppets, or a kids crafty birthday party - and any day you come there's something in there to discover.
5	The most wonderful, arty-farty, curated junk shop curiosity cabinet, I-can't-believe-they-have-that shop I have ever been in.This is the place you always want to discover on vacation and you never do.  It's always a weird awkward gallery that doesn't have anything you want to buy, so you duck out (embarrassed for both yourself, and the shop owner), or else you want something but it costs $500 so you just sigh and leave.  No.  This place is awesome.  I was lured in by the hilarious window display, and stayed to wind my way through stacks of hand silk screened prints ($10-$100), vintage drawings and posters and postcards, a vintage Disneyworld map from back when they made aesthetically pleasing tourist schwag ($15), bowls of plastic fruit (for sale? display only????), vintage viewmaster reels ($5+), and cubbies full of random weird ceramics, souvenir dishes, and other flotsam and jetsam that seems to have washed up on Monastiraki's shores.  We spent at least an hour in here perusing the wares before departing with a gorgeous print.  The owners were kind and charming.
