4	I love this Walmart!Here is a list of all of the things I love about this Walmart.Clean, big, great selection, great prices, great produce and friendly cashiers. Parking- Usually I have absolutely NO problem getting in and out. Large Store- In order to get everything you need on your shopping list be prepared to do some walking. Subway- Hungry? Why wait? They have a Subway!This location is past Stallings on 74 near Indian Trail. You can't miss it.
2	This is not a well run Wal-Mart. Usually out of at least one item we go for. Have stopped shopping here and go to the one in SC, a much much better experience. Have spoke with management about their inability to keep the basics on the shelves. Always excuses, no accountability. Go elsewhere.
4	It seems that when you get away from the city, like out here towards Monroe, the Wal-Marts improve in quality. This is a good one that is clean, well stocked, has friendly associates and a large parking lot set way back from the highway. And while the cart I nabbed had a flat wheel, the shopping was still pretty solid.Does anyone know what the "Ten Foot Rule" is? It's something that Mr. Sam (the Wal-Mart founder) required. Any time an associate comes within ten feet of a customer, they're expected to greet them. At the Wal-Mart near me in Charlotte, this doesn't happen. But at this one in Indian Trail, it happened three times. I was amazed. Great training, store manager!
1	This is one of the worst Wal-Mart locations I've ever been to. The staff members aren't friendly nor helpful whatsoever. It seems like all Wal-Marts keep a fair amount of registers closed, but this location rarely has more than 25% of them staffed. Lines are always long and express lanes are closed more often than not. I avoid this location as much as possible.
4	So I live about 30 seconds away from this Walmart so I have to admit I am there at least 3 times a week and usually a lot more. I love this Walmart! Especially during the day. You don't have to fight crowds and get angry while shopping. Saturdays & Sundays are normally busier and we try to avoid it until the crowd calms down. I gave the Walmart a 4 only because I have had times where they are out of what I needed or is was messy and unorganized but for the most part it is always well put together and they always have exactly what we need. We have cashiers that we know and always get in their lines because we know they will be kind and considerate. Over all I am glad that we live this close to a good Walmart! It really comes in handy when you need something quick and I recommend this one especially :)
2	Sure, it's a Walmart. It's even a Walmart Supercenter.What makes it different - though unfortunately more common - is that it's a pain to get into/out off - and the parking lot is a mess. What's more is that once you're inside, it's about the same as the others, and strangely enough, they have lots of stuff on the shelves, but if you have to actually ask about stock (see large, electronic items, like televisions), they have none of them.Seriously: NONE OF THEM.We asked about one, then another, then another, and they had none. Not a single one was in stock. Sure, it was around Thanksgiving. Perhaps they were holding onto them for Black Friday. But you think one of the people would give you a wink and say "come back Friday". Nothing. Just "nope, sorry, we don't have that".So we left.
