4	This small shop has a good variety of cute and small gifts- especially useful for that last minute birthday present that won't break the bank. I usually head here to get a fun birthday card too! Here you will find a lot of Edward Monkton cards and gifts, lots of funky earrings and jewellery, funky mugs as well as incense sticks and even cute hot water bottles. Living up to its name, take your time to browse as things aren't always clearly displayed and you never know what you might find.
5	I love small, independent and most of all quirky shops.That describes Digger perfectly - its full of brilliant little gifts, books, jewelry, ornaments and trinkets - all of which are fabulous and brilliant to look at. Its great for quirky and unique birthday gifts, and you can never be sure what you will find.The owners are super friendly, and are always willing to help you or find something you want and that everything is cheap so that adds to an already great experience.Its really a good little place, and I feel that this review really doesnt do it justice - my advice is to go and see for yourself, you will be as charmed as I am.
4	A really nice little gift shop my favourite thing about it is the fact that on the window outside there's a list of all the cards they have in stock just so you can check before you venture inside.It's a dinky little shop and they have so many items inside so you're eyes will dart from item to item most of which are very cute, I noticed a sweet pair of earrings made from buttons but to be honest I always buy quirky earrings and then never wear them. I will bear the jewellery in mind when I have birthday presents to buy though as the prices are very reasonable and they have something to accommodate various different tastes. Even though it's small you could realistically spend ages sifting through all the items and the staff are really friendly too and will be able to point you in the right direction if you're looking for something specific.
4	Digger's name really suits it - the more you dig for treasure, the more you find!I'm not suggesting you rummage around in here like a dog digging a bone into the ground - Digger's stock is well organised despite its confined space, and although there's a large number of items they're all ordered conveniently for the customer.There are a lot of affordable earrings in here, from beads and hoops to ones with Disney characters! I also appreciated the Troll earrings in here - they were tiny, cute and took me back to when I was a kid. Aside from the enormity of the jewellery collection, Digger also offer a range of notepads and gifts in general. As Eleanor said, they have a good card range and some ideal birthday fillers. I noticed they had some gorgeous notepads and scrap books remarkably like the super high quality stock in Paper Tiger - might even have been the same range. And I think Digger were selling them a bit cheaper, as well. They're the kind of books I'd love to write a novel in, but I would likely just end up doodling all over them. Which is ok since the pages are decorated with elephants and offer enough space for you to sketch to your heart's content.The gentleman manning the desk in here was friendly and helpful. A nice store in a nice area, shouldn't be overlooked when you're looking for gift inspiration.
3	First things first, I would never buy anything from Digger.This is merely a matter of personal preference, not a personal vendetta.  I admire its sunshine coloured exterior, the quaint hanging decorations, handcrafted cards and eye-catching ornaments etc. It's just simply not my thing.The appeal may be to mothers and daughters, they would love this 'twee' shop as my Mum would say.
4	You can't go in here an not pick up presents 6 months in advance for your friends and family. One of the only truly unique gift shops in the city Most of Diggers competitors buy their supply's in bulk off a few choice websites, which instantly makes them redundant.Digger is a jumble sale of joy, cheap as hell too!
3	Located on the ever studenty West Nicholson St, Digger is a shop geared for the kind of shopper who likes to buy "gifts". This isn't necessarily a practical shop, a shop we really need, but it caters for those who like to pick up  bits, and indeed even bobs.As a result, Digger is a great shop for buying presents for people. It sells jewellery, accessories and greetings cards as well as other potentially good gift choices like mugs and incense holders. There are a few shops in Edinburgh like this, but I think Digger does a good job of standing out. Some of the other gift shops feel like they are buying into something, and their stock becomes predictable and samey. Digger buys in lots of individual trinkets, with thought and  care.The shop is a little cramped and brimming with goods, but it never really feels too cluttered. The owner is friendly and happy for you to browse.I'm not sure I have ever really felt a great compulsion to buy anything from Digger, except maybe the incense. I'm not really a jewellery and gift sort of person. But if this is your cup of tea it's worth checking out.
3	Digger really isn't my kind of shop.  It calls itself a gift shop and sells plenty of little trinkets, ornaments cards and books.  The problem is that a lot of it is quite gimicky and pointless.  If you're looking for something of decent quality or which has real use then this isn't where you want to go.  I don't want to slate the place too much because plenty of people are obviously fans, but I wouldn't exactly be chuffed if I got a gift from here.  Having said this, the staff are friendly and girls seem to love the jewellery which they have on offer.  Further it feels quaint and welcoming inside with an Aladdin's Cave sort of vibe.Not for me, but still worth a look it sounds up your street.
4	This is a treasure trove of a place. Run a by a lovely man who always makes sure to say hi, ask how you are and check whether you need help. Equally he will happily let you browse for as long as you like, which is good because you'll need a while.Organized haphazardly don't go in here with a specific object in mind, come in here to be inspired. This is always the first place I visit when looking for presents and never leave empty handed!! There is a great range of cards and postcards for all occasions, a random selection of books and loads of gorgeous stationary. They also have jewellery and a few arts and crafts sets for kids and adults alike.
4	Wandered into this weird and wonderful little shop today, there was a mixture or hippy items and shabby chic and  could spend ages just looking at all the lovely quirky earrings and jewellery, dream catchers and wind chimes and assortment of all different things! Great little place for one of a kind items!
