5	Yep, I was one of those people this year, a Black Friday shopper. I had never participated in this event before and I'm not sure I would do it again.I went to Staples for the $299 laptop. I recieved the last certificate. After waiting in line again inside mission laptop was accomplished.I got the computer home and Ahhhhh!!! the screen was broken!I called the store and not suprisingly they were sold out and the guy on the pone said they could only give me a refund there was not possibility for an exchange.I was totally bummed.I went back to return the computer I spent hours in line for and that's when I met Suzanne.She was right inside the dorr and was ready to help. Her name tag saud she was the assistant manager. She looked in the computer system and found my same laptop at another Staples not too far away. She called the store to have them pull it imediatly. She told me she would personally pick it up and I could have it on Monday. I offered to get it myself so she wouldn't have to do that. Suzanne really went above and beyond what she needed to do and I am very greatful for that.Go support Suzanne and her wonderful customer service!
2	Came here looking for an office mat.  Bonus it was on sale, YEAH!  I got the mat and got to the cashier.  He seemed off.  He could not scan or read the barcode, so he ask if he could cut it tape and roll the office mat.  I said I did not mind if he taped it back.  He looked at me like really.  Yes, really!  I can't carry or fit the mat in my car if it was unfolded.  He sighed and went to the area of the mats to look up the barcode.  He seemed unhappy about that.
3	Great store....had just what we needed.
3	Its a Staples all right...
3	I like Staples. I think they are one of the better office supply stores. I loved that this location was literally right around the corner from work. If we ever ran out of something I could be there and back within 5 minutes.But now this location is closing this week on June 21. So booooo. It really sucks. Now I will have to order everything on-line or drive 6 miles to the next closest location. I still like Staples but dislike that this location is closing. So that is why it gets 3 stars.Bye Staples. I at least will miss you.
3	My review is mixed.Good supplies, reasonably good deals, helpful staff WHEN AVAILABLE.The problem is they must be understaffed in multiple areas because both times I was here recently I have had to wait for one particular person.  First time was to simply check in computer for service and again to pick up same computer after being told it was completely serviced.
5	Staples moved across the street because their lease ended. They are now next to Ross.
