2	When it comes to the Panda call me...ummm...Panda? (no witty comment). I make it a goal to eat at Panda Express at every chance I can muster. I enjoy their clean fresh presentation style, and open kitchen, made to order(close to) entrees. If you are new to their food, or havnt been within the last 6 months, be sure to try their new sweet fire chicken. However(there is always a flip side) this resturante wont give you the experience that Mr. Panda is known to provide. This location is dirty, the noodles are never fresh (ate here twice), and the in-store dinning is not too appealing. ON A SIDE NOTE WHEN EATING AT PANDA ALWAYS ORDER TO GO, YOU GET MORE THAN THE STANDARD IN HOUSE DINNING PLATE
2	Anyone who knows me - and that's you, buddy - know I (used to) love Panda Express. Enough to keep menus up at my desk at work to advertise. Note: they are coming down tomorrow. Yeah, I've been lazy up to this point, but now that this is in print, I gotta keep up with my obligations.I just can't take it anymore. The prices increase with...every...single...visit. As does the wait in the drive thru. My first experience with both the price gouging and the 8 minute wait through the drive thru (God, I'd pray for 8 minutes now) I thought: "Well, the food is still great and this might be a one-time occurrence."But, just in case, on the next visit, I timed the experience - clocked at 12 minutes - and I almost asked for a discount, you know, to bring back the price to the previous visit. My reasoning for the markdown? Duh, gas prices have increased.I'm not dumb or ignorant enough not to know the two are intertwined, but like a lot of other Americans, I will be finding another place to spend my money for a better value. Panda has done NOTHING to convince me to return. Well, aside from the cuddly bears in their marketing. Okay, okay, I kinda like those talking pandas, but it's not working.Still, I rate Panda Express 2/5 stars because I still love their food. I can't find Beijing Beef anywhere else and that's my favorite. Also, their "Chow Mein" - by the way, guys, that's more like LO MEIN, but still - is good as is their Orange Chicken (though I've had much better at a Chinese Buffet.) Unfortunately, you'll have to pay an extra dollar for shrimp items, and take my word for it: it's not worth it. I'd barely order them at the same price.Lesson? Don't choose the Drive Thru, save up for your yearly visit there - as I will, but can a restaurant stay open if that's the case? - and prepare for a long wait if you don't go inside. It's about the same amount of time as if you went to a standard sit-down establishment, such as Applebee's...for about the same price.
4	Been eating here for a long time now and it's always good food. Everything is clean, the staff is nice. There is only one lady that sometimes seems rude, but there is always one sour apple no matter where you go. Overall, awesome place and great food!
2	The service at this place is pure poop. The drive through is a death march. The inside service is terrible. All they have to do is scoop food on a plate, this seems to be too much of a challange for the staff. Coach your people! I like Panda from time to time, but this location is a real let down. The quality of food is consistant with others.
1	Spent 16+ on my food; got half and a flat soda. Terrible.
3	Lots of turnover and good location makes this one of the better Panda's in North Phoenix. Service is great and they are used to working fast as they deal with lots of corporate and school traffic at lunch.
1	I don't know why I keep eating at Panda.  I think I had good Panda once and I keep going back to repeat the experience but it's never good.  As I was leaving, I went to refill my drink and one of the employees came to the drink station and opened the bottom cabinet door where I was standing and it smacked my legs.  I gave him this look like "are you fucking kidding me" and he just stood there with the door still opened and pressing against my legs.  So then I said "are you fucking kidding me" and he acted like he had no idea what was going on, and said "what? oh, I'm sorry, I didn't see you there."  What a cop out.
2	I don't know why my stomach gets upset every time I eat at this particular restaurant, I've eaten at other Panda Express and loved it. I just can't eat here. I hope u chose wisely
1	worst panda expressfood cold all the timebad service all the timenever get what you order all the time like i told the manager if your service goes down during lunch hours and other peak times because you are busy then your prices should go down during lunch and other peak hours because you are busy!!!
3	This is always my go to option for something fast. They have a commitment to good healthy asian food. I would like a little more heat but they make it for the average folk.I am always amazed at how courtesy the employees are. Last night I dashed in for a bit and Stephen made my experience the very best! Thank you Stephen!Look for one in your area and give it a try. The green beans n chicken is my fav.
