5	Its a hidden cafe in the middle of the Lou Ruvo Center of brain health.  The exterior of the building is strange and unusual.  The food is grand , vegan, vegetarian, and meaty options.  Only two people work inside but I received excellent service.
4	I love Red Velvet Cafe so was extremely happy to hear about this location opening up.  It offers up another lunch choice for those of us downtown.  Parking is easy and the cafe is right near the front entrance.  It's more of a take out place with some seating outside and weather permitting that's a great option.   My only complaint for this visit would be my cookies were a tad hard.  Not sure if that's because this location doesn't get as busy as the others so they keep them on hand an additional day or two or what but because I love this place and their desserts so much they get a pass this time.
4	KMA Cafe is the newest location in town to get the delicious fare that comes from Red Velvet Cafe.... KMA is less a cafe and more a little hut just outside the Brain Center.  They have a reduced menu compared to the original location, but there are still plenty of options! And everything can be veganized, of course.  My go-to RVC get is the vegan buffalo chicken wrap, and that is what I got.  It lacked a little something because it was packaged to-go, and the sauce wasn't mixed into the "chicken" like it usually is.  Alas, sometimes we must trade convenience for quality.  The BF got the vegan Cuban sandwich and it was quite good as well.  It was nicely panini-pressed and loaded up with fake cheez, meat, pickles and mustard.  The desserts aren't listed on the menu, but they do have them! So don't hesitate to ask for cookies, red velvet cake, or whatever you might have on your mind.There are lots of small tables for outdoor seating, which would be nice if there aren't 20 mph winds, like when we ate there.  The service was very fast and super friendly! I love the guy working the counter; he was so nice.  I had my dog with me, and he even gave her some turkey for a treat (she's not vegan)!  If I worked on brains or at the Smith center, I'd definitely be a regular.  As is, it's nice to have a closer location to grab a quick wrap or salad.
1	Sadly, I will have to take this location off my option list.  I will stick with the Sahara or Fashion Show location.  So convenient to my work place but after three days in less then a week of stopping by for some treats only to be greeted with a closed venue I am going to have to give up.  I'm just not down for making another wasted trip.
4	The KMA Cafe is located in the courtyard of the Lou Ruvo Brain Center. It is a little walk up stand, and there is seating in the courtyard available. It was perfect outside today, and a lovely experience. There have been other days when it was far too hot, too cold, or too windy to enjoy eating there, and we took our food to go. Still yummy, but we would love some indoor seating (which I'm sure is outside of KMA's control.) The food here is fresh, healthy and delicious. Today, I had the artichoke chicken panini and an iced Apricot Green Tea. I love the fresh mixed greens and homemade balsamic vinegar it comes with. Kris is friendly, helpful, knowledgable and accomodating. His Scottish brogue is quite welcoming, as well. A friend of ours has an extensive food allergy list - and he always prepares fresh, delicious food for her, including desserts, with a smile and she has never had an adverse reaction to the food there (which is such a nice treat for her - and us! She is rarely able to join us for lunch!) We call in our orders quite often and run and pick it up, and eat there whenever weather permits. Be advised - it can take awhile. It is Kris and one other person working there, and sometimes, the lines get long. While there are a few prepared sandwiches and salads - everything else (including the extensive teas) are prepared fresh to order. It's worth the wait.
5	Great location...  The wraps and fresh brewed teas are exactly what you would expect from Red Velvet Cafe.... Chipotle Turkey Avacado wrap is delicious.  2nd day in a row!
4	I don't know what's so great about the location-- Unless you are working at the Cleveland clinic or are here with a family member you might not ever know this place was here. But it is definitely great for the people who work upstairs. I'm stationed at the clinic for the month so I've stopped by here several times during my lunch break and been quite impressed. Foodies will immediately notice that ingredient selection is very important here. Many of their ingredients are organic and you'll taste the difference (probably) if you're like me.It's certainly not the cheapest place to eat for lunch but it's affordable enough on a middle class income and worth it if you want to feel good about what you are eating. I ordered the italian chicken panini. It was freshly prepared with grilled spinach and roasted tomatoes. Freshly prepared and filling. It came with a delicious field green salad accompanied by a fantastic balsamic vinaigrette.I've also had the hot chocolate here and I have to say it was the outright best hot cocoa I have ever had. All organic of course, and with a hint of spiciness that was just right. This blows the stuff from starbucks out of the water. The prices may seem daunting but if you come here several times you will be rewarded for your persistence. The gentleman behind the counter is very friendly, and if he begins to recognize you, he will discount various items and throw in some of his various dessert inventions free of charge. He specializes in gluten free cooking, so if you or someone you know has Celiac's disease, you'll want to check this place out.Business is rather slow so they can't afford to be open all the time. Your best bet is to come here between the hours of 8 and 3:30 or so on the weekdays. If you are relatively nearby, such as around the valley or UMC complexes, I suggest you try them out on your lunch break.
5	Such a hidden gem that I almost hate to write a review and advertise it.  But the chef is so amazing and engaged.  I wish I lived or worked closer to it as its my fave place in twos right now.  And the gluten free chocolate chip cookies are better than any type of cookie I've ever had in my life. Not even kidding.
1	Under new management/ownership. Definitely no longer a gem. Too bad too. This place was quite good. Salad no taste and served in a 12 oz. clear plastic cup. Sandwich made on bread that resembles the banana nut bread that my grandparents used to make.  It is edible at least, but it's not for sandwiches.  Side of vegetables soaked in jalapeno juice. Quite a surprise when biting into a carrot or cauliflower invokes the sensation of being in a raw jalapeno eating contest. I like spicy flavorful dishes, but want to know ahead of time, rather than being surprised with a mouthful of fire.  Menu greatly reduced, almost no menu at all. Only serve one sandwich and one salad. No more wraps or anything else.  Bottom line: The food is terrible. There is no choice to speak of on the menu. This is a place to avoid.
