4	A cute little spot with very eclectic dishware. Our food was served in 2 Pyrex dishes, on a square plate, and on a round flowery grandma-esque plate. Nothing wrong with that, but just worth noting.As for the food:-Hot and sour soup: nice and spicy, strong sour notes, and big enough for four or more.-Fish in chili oil: good ma-la character, lots of chili oil, and some surprise glass noodles in the bottom of the dish. Worth ordering for sure.-Family style tofu: a nice dish of tofu and wood ear fungus in a mildly spicy sauce. Tasty and abundant.-Spicy green beans: definitely some spicy kick, they were cooked just the way I like them. Very enjoyable.The menu has some translation issues - I did see some white folks order "beef stripes" assuming they meant beef strips, when it was actually beef tripe. But I think you have to expect that when you're at any Chinese restaurant in Montreal.
4	Chinese food in Montreal steps it up a notch! I'll welcome Chez Chili as a good new edition in Hunan Sichaun Dong Bei styles. My friend and I over ordered as per usual but there's nothing wrong with left overs. When they say it's spicy they mean it. Curious about the home style tofu and fish in chili and spicy green beans. I will have to say the fish was done well as was the tofu and green beans. If you're looking for something different in the Asian food world of Montreal Chinatown this is a good start.As you can tell below, my food friend also reviewed it.
3	I decided to try something different...And while I generally want to try lots of new restaurants, it seems of late, it's more miss than hit.It's a new place at the corner of la gauchetiere and clark, in chinatown, it's a basement place so you have to walk down. The decor is very modern chinese zen, with chinese cities written on the wall in caligraphy, a nice touch.We ordered hot and sour soup, tofu family style and some stewed pork belly. I've been dying to order pork belly for a long while, and you don't often see it on the menu. The taste overall is bland to too salty. The soup was a bit liquidy, so there was a problem with every dish, don't know if it's an off day with the chef but it was not spectacular.The pork belly was a bit lukewarm, I would have preferred it more hot, and the taste was somewhat bland, I think it could have use more caramelization and more salt.The sauce for the tofu was a bit too salty, even with rice it was hard to take. The soup had good taste and flavour, but needed to be thickened a bit...however the bowl was huge and cost only 8$, and it could easily feed 6-8 ppl.Like the soup, bring the soup. :)
5	Best restaurant in Montreal !!the spicy fish and the spicy lamb was very good!!the place is cleaned...and the service was fast!
4	If the ambiance was better we may have gone for 5 stars but the place is a bit plain and over-lit for a date.  More suited to family or friends who will accept the austerity in favor of good, freshly prepared food.We ordered a hot and sour soup to share.  Fortunately it never came because we would never have had room for it but we were a bit surprised when the entrees started coming out just the same.  It's also a bit odd that there are no appetizers on the menu other than soup.  We would have liked to start with some.On the positive side, the Ma Po Tofu was the best we ever had, the fried rice was light, fluffy and flavorful while not greasy or loaded with soy sauce, and the green beans with minced pork were cooked to perfection.  We also tried the lamb with onions and cumin that other Yelpers raved about.  It was good and loaded with meat but for us a bit tough and heavy handed on the cumin.  Still we ate and enjoyed it... just not a top pick in our estimation.The menu is full of unusual sounding things but it doesn't do much to describe them in much detail - especially if you don't speak French, but chances are that you'll find plenty of reason to return as long as you're willing to take some chances.It's important to note that even though we arrived late the food was served fast and super-fresh... clearly nothing was reheated.BTW... we were the only Caucasians in the place... a very good sign of authenticity.
5	This is my favourite place in Montreal's Chinatown for authentic Chinese food. The servings are large and reasonably priced, and the food is well-seasoned. Their pork dishes are especially excellent.
5	Best restaurant in Montreal !!the spicy fish and the spicy lamb was very good!!the place is cleaned...and the service was fast!
3	The food here is fine and the service is reasonable. The purpose, reason be it, is for false advertising....it's not hot.The entire menu says pepper hot and Hunan, Szechuan etc... But it's mild at best.Wife and I ordered the spivey double pork and some other dish, nice flavor....NOT HOT.If you want Chinese food the stop on in, but may be better in the street.
4	Probably one of the best chinese places in Quebec, especially if you like spicy food. I can't say the flavours are 100% authentic, but the food sure taste brilliantly good. Downside is, there seems to be two chefs in the kitchen: a head chef and a cook. The cook is probably an apprentice who cooks only certain dishes. Either that, or his taste and mine don't align.
