1	I ordered orchids from this company for a dear friend who lost her husband of 40 years very suddenly. (order #485156).  The flowers arrived with broken stems and totally dead.  When I called customer service, they promised to resend the flowers and call my friend to find a convenient time for re-delivery.  They did arrange a new date, but no flowers arrived after she stayed home to accept them!  I again called and told AVAS I just wanted a refund and no more hassle for my grieving friend.  They refused, saying it wasn't their policy and would not let me speak to a supervisor (he's in a meeting--yeah, right, a 24/7 meeting!).  They did promise once again to re-deliver the orchids and did come through, but it took three weeks for my friend to get the flowers I ordered.  I was so embarrassed and will never ever use this company again.  How I wish I would have read the reviews on line before I ordered from them.  Terrible company! Barbara S. Orange County, CA
1	One star is one too many for this company, but you can't choose zero!DON'T purchase from this company. What you pay for is NOT what you get! I purchased two dozen roses for a friend dying of cancer. She had never received two dozen roses in her lifetime at one time and I wanted to make that happen for her. Paid for them and she only got 20, and only 16 of those fit in the vase that i purchased from same company  for the two dozen roses. complained within 48 hours and have been getting strung around for a month now with no results. day 28 of complaint process they ask me for a photo?   I ask that you friend them on facebook if you also have a complaint, then report them for scamming. there is a link right on the page to do it. Companies should not be allowed to get away with this!
1	Ordered flowered for my aunts 90th birthday at nine this morning. They emailed me at 2:14 today saying they would not be able to deliver them today.  After speaking to the"manager" and expressing how unhappy I was I cancelled my order and went with another florist.
1	I really wish i would have read the reviews on yelp before making a large order with this company. I ordered flowers on Wed 6/18 for delivery on 6/23, i was told 6/23 was not available because the flowers are farm fresh, i thought ok farm fresh that sounds good so instead the flowers were delivered today 6/20. I received a photo of the flowers right after the person getting them received them. The roses have brown spots and the petals are wrinkled (farm fresh from 4 days ago?) i have not heard back from the company yet but after reviewing other complaints i am sure i just threw away money. I will continue to look for a better local florist to order through and hope that 3rd time is a charm.
