4	Khobez (filled naan wraps) is the spicy speciality of this takeaway on George IV Bridge, but that doesn't mean they don't have a wide range. The choice of fillings can be a bit daunting but staff are always willing to advise to suit your tastes. They do very tasty felafel and extremely tasty stuffed vine leaves too for special occasions.
4	Just like Constantinople a few doors down, but much much tastier. Think naan bread-type wraps with all sorts of herby and spicey fillings, and you're about there.It does make me feel a bit old though. When I was a kid (ha!) people got chips on their way home, maybe with gravy or curry sauce if they were feeling extravagant (or exceptionally wasted). These days, it's all about falafels and spiced aubergines.OAP or not, I do love a bit of Mediterranean Gate every now and then, and next time I've had one too many in Bar Kohl I will definitely be swinging by here on my way home.
4	One of the many "fast-food" Mediterranean shops that the city has, with the stars going to the fact that the food here is always really tasty. You can tell the people who own and run this place 1.miss their home food (completely understandable really Mediterranean food rocks! )2. are passionate about food. The food here is mostly Near-Eastern origin (think Lebanon and Turkey etc) so lots of herbs.  My personal fave are the falafel wraps. Yummy!
4	Firget chips and gravy.Think fast, tasty and bloody good mediterranean food. Thats Mediterranean Gate for you in a nut shell.It may seem odd opting for a herby wrap with spiced aubergenes and sun dried tomatoes instead of a greasy slice of deep fried pizza as your drunken food of choice, but trust me, it works quite nicely. Its tasty, filling and most importantly cheap.|The only dowside I can think of is the lack of seating when this place gets busy.
5	I must say that old misery guts behind the counter didn't look or sound like she was from the med. I didn't get a kiss on either cheek upon arrival, nor did she disappear to sleep under a tree for four hours during my visit. She just looked like she'd rather be somewhere, anywhere else, and treated both myself and every other customer with some more typically British contempt.Thankfully, my falafel and babaganoush wrap (with chilli sauce) was so unflinchingly delicious that I'm perfectly happy to deal with the frosty reception if it means I can get my hands on another. As a carnivorous individual, it was an unusual choice for me especially since there's plenty of options that do contain recently butchered flesh, but it was a fantastic choice nonetheless.I'll definitely be back.
4	I agree with Gavin 100%. The staff were a bit nippy but the food makes up for it ten fold. DELICIOUS.I don't like spice, so I avoided the Chilli, but I loved the falafel and humous. The wrap was so thick and warm and delicious! I'm definitely coming back!!
4	Nipped in here a few days ago and the place was like an oven. Absolutely roasting! I'm not huge on being greeted with a wall of heat at any time of the day, nevermind after a few pints just after closing time!I got the pizza and my girlfriend opted for a wrap of somesorts. The pizza in here is a bargain! 10" cheese and tomato for 2quid 50pence! Absolute deal. The place can get busy around lunch time and late at night but worth the wait for the value and flavours.
5	Mediterranean Gate has a some amazing food on offer, mostly from the Middle East, and it's all served at reasonable prices.  Situated on George IV Bridge, it's ideal for people who are passing through and fancy a healthy and easy lunch on the go.  It's like an Middle Eastern delicatessen which has a huge range of fillings for falafels and khobez breads.  Some of them are what you would expect like cheeses, fresh salad and hummus, but there's also a whole selection on spicy, exotic sauces to try out.  Some of it is blow-your-head-off hot and all of it is delicious and well priced.  Further, they serve everything in generous portions so you feel hard done by.
4	I don't really know what I did before I discovered Mediterranean food, I think my life must have been so much more boring.In my personal opinion, the tastiest lunch out there is a wrap with falafel, hummous, and some Greek salad thrown in.  It's heaven.  Mediterranean Gate's version of this tasty dish is just as you would expect.  They make your order exactly as you like it, and manage to entice you into flavour combinations which you never would have guessed would be as tasty as they are.  This is a great place to come for a quick bite before a night on the town, or maybe for a healthy bite after a night on the town.
2	The two employees working the counter at the Mediterranean Gate hated us. And for that, we apologize. After a 4-hour car ride to Edinburgh, over an hour driving around the city (thanks to construction) to find our hotel and another hour walking exploring and searching for a place to eat, we settled on take-out from Mediterranean Gate to bring back to the hotel.So, needless to say, we were all (4 adults & a toddler) hungry & a bit cranky.We didn't mean to be so chaotic and take forever to order, but they had 5 different menus around the store and none of us could figure out what sounded best.In the end, my sister & I ordered a falafel wrap with baba ganoush, which apparently they were out of. Hmph. (Fine for me, as I was going to get it without anyway.) They gave my sister aubergine (eggplant) on hers - and guacamole. An interesting condiment in a Mediterranean place!The chips (aka fries) were frozen - I saw the guy take them out of a bag and put them in the frier) - and needed more ketchup.While HUMUNGOUS, the wraps themselves were not flavorful enough - even with hummous, tahini & hot sauce! We ended up all adding hummous that we had in the hotel to our wraps.A huge thank you to the man sitting at the table - he helped us move our stroller out of the way and even helped us order! We have no idea if he worked there or was friends with the employees, but he was a huge help. And a huge sorry to the guy who walked in and tried to place an order in the middle of our chaos. You just had bad timing, dude.Mediterranean Gate - you told us not to come back (were you joking?). Don't worry - we won't.
4	How many fast-food mediterranean-influenced take-out shops are there in Old Town? That was a rhetorical question, as the answer is TOO MANY. And so many of them look and taste the same - dry falafel, greasy chips, stale pittas or wraps.Not at Mediterranean Gate my friend, oh no. When a good friend suggested we meet here for dinner, I was curious. A wee take-out late-hours wrap shop for a Wednesday evening 7.30pm meal? Ok then.The moment I walked in and spied the deli counter I knew he'd struck gold. Was that fresh baba ganoush? And sundried tomatoes? And home-made salsa? And merguez sausage on the menu?We sat in for 3.5 hours, with our chicken wraps (mine with baba ganoush, his with houmous) and it was quite perfect.  The owner was really friendly, didn't mind us sitting there, made us feel quite at home. Tea was served in mismatched mugs, like you'd get at home. The wrap it self was, well, spectacular. Tasty, toasted, chicken-y goodness. And the baba ganoush, oh the baba ganoush.The fact that this place is local to me, and next to a lot of my favourite local bars, means I can see myself popping in a lot more regularly. It's open till 2 / 3am so it is one of those 'late night stops' but without the greasy kebabs and chips, and with the fresh wraps and home-made falafel. Perfect.
5	I'm with Jenny L.. I'm super picky, and bf was attempting to find a spot I'd dig. The minute I saw the deli counter, jackpot. The man running the shop(the owner?) reminded me a bit of Sacha Baron Cohen and was pretty funny to boot. He was super helpful and attentive.I chose a bunch of stuff and asked for it on a wrap(try it-lentils,aubergine,zucchini,lettuce and jalepeno). It was so lovely and huge, I gave bf half and only finished part of my half.DELICIOUS. Bf got hummas on the side and loved it.Hit this spot when you're in the hood.
4	Tried the Lebanese Chicken wrap for lunch through the week. Wowzers. It was huge. So huge that I couldn't finish it even though I was starving when I bought it.The chicken was moist & full of flavour, the salsa was fresh & I could taste the coriander through it & the humus was delish.  Add it all together & each mouthful was a delight. I'll definitely be back to try some of their other offerings.
