4	Gosh I really dislike personal reviews, I'm more for the fun ones about how good this dish was or that hotel was plush! But to not write review just isn't me either. HahaFor the past 2 years I have been on a weight lost journey, I'm 22 pounds away from saying I have lost 100 pounds in 2 years, doing this by watching what I eat, counting calories, and working out, no fad diets for me, and up until March I have been doing this either at the gym within my complex or would meet up with a friend at his gym in Phoenix. But after I moved in March I no longer had access to a gym and started looking at where I would like to go, there are so many choices people can pick but I went with Anytime Fitness, mainly picked them because it's Anytime! 24/7 and that right there works with my scheduled.So I called down and told them I am interested in joining the gym, the available times they had during the week were not great for me, so they made an appointment that works for me on a Sat morning.  I got the gym Sat and I noticed on the door it said the office is closed on the weekends and when I met up with Jay, the owner, he said they are closed on the weekends but made this appointment for me so I can check them out!  See I like that, this is a personable gym, Jay is amazing, and he is sweet and helpful and Jarod who is also amazing, is there is help out with any questions and if need personal training you should hit him up and it's not bad pricing either! This gym is new, it's very clean, and has everything you can think of, and of course the hours are whenever you need them to be. With my crazy schedule my hours are late in the evening, and I feel very safe being there, the parking lot is right outside the door, no one can come in unless they have the key, the doors are locked at all times and there are cameras everywhere.  If you're not into a gym that actually cares how you're doing, what your goals are, and offer tips on how to get there, then this isn't the place for you. But if you like the personal touch, then go see Jay!  I'm happy I did!
5	This is my first gym membership ever! I had to hop on the bandwagon and I'm glad Anytime is my first. I had visited many gyms and Anytime was the only atmosphere I really enjoyed. It's not overwhelming and the moment you walk in someone is greeting you (well during office hours). There are rarely more than 5 people working out so machine availability is incredible. I'm a girl so I love my cardio! The machines offer cable/ internet/ and charge my iPhone :) The office staff is extremely nice and answer about any question possible. Jay is the best, he is always asking how my day is, if there is anything I need and if there is anything I would recommend for the gym. Once a week I see Jerid, the personal trainer at the gym and he is awesome. I've noticed such a difference in my body and strength, that guy really knows his stuff. Plus, on my days off if I want to use a new strength machine, he is willing to show me how it works and make sure I'm not killing myself. If you are looking for a real gym with no gimmicks, nice people and great machine availability this is your place! Plus its 24 hour with great parking what are you waiting for?!
4	Great place great people , trainer Nathan is awesome. Selection of equipment is top notch. Go to place for fast and easy workout
5	Very good atmosphere never have to worry about the gym closing because of its 24/7 opening . love that I can now take showers without being nervous and love that its not always busy Anytime gym my new home gym .. :)
5	I love this Anytime Fitness. Their equipment is state of the art. The facility is always clean and never crowded. The best part is their aerobics room perfect for personal training or since I am a professional Latin dancer, a great dance floor to work out my new moves. For those of you who enjoy lifting, they have a complete lifting area with all the standard weights. Come out and see what Anytime Fitness Chandler has to offer, you won't be disappointed.
5	We are the 4th to sign up when Anytime first opened with the previous owners. Since Jay has owned Anytime Fitness there have been many improvements from the previous owners. My wife and I enjoy the atmosphere at Anytime along with the staff, even the members are friendly. If your into fitness and the gym atmosphere this is the place for you. Steve Somerhiser
5	We were one of the first to sign with Anytime in 2012 it was sold to  Jay Bru in 2013.Since Jay has been the new owner of Anytime, the gym has improved 100 percentGreat staff, people, equipment and just an enjoyable atmosphere. Thank You Jay for a nice neighborhood gym.  Steve SP.S. it beats those $10.00 a month foo foo gyms.
1	I would not refer this gym to anyone. Trainers push you to sign up for their personal training sessions each time you go into the gym. Some people just want to go to the gym and not be hassled. Even with headphones in, you get tapped on the shoulder. If you don't sign up for your free one time training, calls constantly come in and they question you every time you go into the gym. The end all for me was when I asked for my dates to be changed for my payments. I was told it was no problem and taken care of. First month that my account was overdrawn, I was understanding and emailed Jay, the owner for confirmation on the date change. He offered free training session. I declined, just wanted to be refunded the 25$ overdraft fee or even apply it to my account for the next month. Jay declined. I tried to be understanding as mistakes can happen and I get that. Second time was the kicker for when the funds were taken out on the wrong date, it drained my account so I could not fulfill other financial obligations. When contacting the business owner, his response was offering free training sessions again and made it perfectly clear via email that he only wanted "his business to grow." Jay did not offer to refund the 25$ overdraft fees, did not offer to put it on as a credit to my account, just wanted me to take these classes/training sessions. After several attempts at just getting the overdraft credited to my account, I finally reported the business to the BBB. Clearly he does just want his business to grow and is not looking to help those who are inconvenienced by his financial mistakes. I think I will just go back to LA Fitness where they were honest, trustworthy, and did not have an environment where you had to avoid eye contact to make sure no one hunted you down to sign up for more services.
3	Today I went in to start a membership.... walked up to the door, left door locked. However the right door was open. So, I walk in and it was empty. I thought to myself that's awesome, because equipment waits should be short to none. I stand at the circular table as a huge fluffy white dog roams the lobby area alone (kinda random, but oh well). Two minutes later I'm greeted by a woman who was instructing a class. Apparently the door was supposed to be locked during that time and she proceeds to tell me I shouldn't have been in there during that time. Says she doesn't have time to go over rates with me because she's in the middle of instructing a class. I tell her I'd just like prices really quick and she opens up a black binder to reveal them (not bad by the way). So I tell her I'll let her get back to her training and walk out. I understand being short staffed, but no one available to actually sell memberships can be costing them money. Granted they had the time, I would have signed. Now I have to find the time to come back during hours the door is supposed to be open to the public. Unfortunately, that won't be "Anytime" soon because my hours with work are erratic. This gym is a really good option for me but I'm only giving 3 stars for the customer experience.
1	Do not go here! It is not worth it! So I signed up for a free trial period, 14 days, I thought cool, I could try it out and see how it goes. Well it says that is open 24 hours, but I had to be there when it was staffed, strange right, because if you are 24 hours shouldn't you always be staffed?! But anyway so I went in the next day during the staffed hours, and met the owner, who had this god awful huge dog just running around, then he asks "you don't like dogs?" Hell no, I don't like dogs, I am looking for a gym not a damn Pet Smart! Anyway, I ask him about the free trial and he tells me that I must put down at $50 deposit for the key?! WTF?! So pretty much there is no "free trial" you must pay $50 and then if you don't like it, they will return it to you...bullsh#! So I left and went down to Planet Fitness and was so impressed with their facility and professionalism (i.e. no dogs) that I decided to just join and only had to pay $1.02 down and the monthly rate is only $19.99, they had a huge facility, and they are 24/7 no gimmicks, no lies! The membership at Anytime Fitness is damn near $40.00 for a 1 or 2 year contract. So I must say for God's sake go to Planet Fitness or anywhere else but here. There is not a lot of machines and the management is HORRIBLE!!!!
3	I was planning on getting a membership at this particular location, so I tried out a few day pass before committing. It seemed like everything I wanted: small, quiet and had all new equipment. However, I was a little disappointed when I tried the gym out. I went one night after work at 10pm and upon seeing that the weight rack area was filled with guys hanging out and occasionally using a bar, I went on the treadmill. 30 minutes later I went back over to see if they left, they hadn't. So I went into the smaller private room and did my workout. I finally left around 11:45pm and these men were still there hogging the entire weights area. The 2nd night I went around 9:30pm and the same thing happened. This group of men hangs out around the weight racks, barely using them yet taking up the entire space. Also, the smaller private room has 4 cameras in it which made me feel a bit uncomfortable. I want to workout and not feel like I'm being watched or judged. Long story short: Great if you want to get cardio in every day, but weights are very hard to be able to use.
