4	This is what a health food store should be like. Not some supermarket of organic, but a nice local store that carries enough for you to get most of what you want.I'm only in NC for a month, so I'm not sure what I should expect in the organic produce scene, but this is the one place Berrybrook Farm appears to come up short. They have some, but it's not the freshest. I'm not sure where you get organic produce in Charlotte, but if I find someplace in my next three weeks here I'll let you know :-)
3	The staff is super nice.  On Joy's recommendation I tried the tofu dog expecting it to taste like sawdust but it was actually the best fake dog I ever ate!  So that alone is worth three stars.  Now I'm willing to try other items from their deli.They have smoothies with soy milk instead of regular milk which is a plus for me but I don't drink smoothies anyway because that much fruit in a drink tends to go through me like a flare through the Hindenburg.Besides their deli, for additional instant gratification their cooler has things like hummus wraps and peanut butter and jelly sandwiches.  It's a small, quirky place to poke around.  You can browse the whole shop in about 45 seconds.  However, I'm a soy product fiend and I can't find that much to buy here.  They don't carry Amy's Kitchen frozen foods or anything else recognizable as healthy comfort food that I can buy to consume later.  My other big complaint is it can get a bit warm inside and I'm not sure what that does to the energy bars.  When I picked one up it felt squishy.  So the hypochondriac in me has written off ever buying energy bars or other shrink-wrapped-room-temp-limited-shelf-life-food from here.  They have a lot more natural supplements like acidophilus than I expected which is cool but I'm insanely loyal to the brand I buy (Florajen) and they don't carry it, probably because it has to be refrigerated.  There's no place inside to "hang out".  But there are always people coming and going.  If I knew what all the powders, grains and little vials of goo were maybe I would shop here more often.  It looks like a mad scientist's workshop so there must be some good stuff in here that can turn a scrawny Pee wee Herman immune system into a Charles Atlas Frankenstein.  They should have seminars.
4	The people who work here are so nice.  I had a very nice conversation with one of the ladies about where to find my favorite brand of tea.  Although this store had a pretty nice selection of tea, and I even found one that I had been craving for a while.  Anyway, this place had a lot to offer in the way of organic groceries.  Not a very big place, but they make up for it with a fabulous deli.  They have some awesome smoothies and soup.
3	Berrybrook Farm is a small little building off East Blvd that is jam packed with goodies. This place has never jumped out at me before, & it doesn't seem like it would be worth a trip inside. But if you like natural, organic stuff, they have a large selection of goodies for you.I headed in here for an all natural smoothie & checked out the rest of the store while it was being made. They have a juice bar with a good selection of smoothies & other natural juice drinks. I perused through the shelves & was shocked at how much stuff they pack into this place. They have a couple fridge/freezer door sections filled with drinks & food, & they also had a dry grocery section. Along with the food/drink sections, they also have natural remedies section packed to the brim.So I grabbed my smoothie after checking out the rest of the store & loved my Strawberry Flip. It was a quick trip & I'll make sure to head here again if I'm in the area.
4	It's small and crowded, but they've got a great selection of organic goodies. I don't hit them up as much for groceries, though, as I do for lunch and smoothies.My favorite is the tofu dog. It's rare to find a good tofu dog in Charlotte, and somehow, it's just not the same to make it at home. They make a righteous faux hotdog at Berrybrook, and I make a trip across town to eat there pretty frequently.They've also got excellent smoothies. I'm a fan of the berry flavor, but there's several options to choose from. You sometimes have to wait a while at lunch, as it can get a little crowded. There's not a lot of space to eat in or outside, but I've had a few interesting conversations with people who've shared my front porch swing.
4	What a great, little store! I finally tried it after reading all the reviews. I went in a while ago, but it was after 3pm and they do not serve food after that time (they do, however, continue to make smoothies). This time around I made sure to get there well in advance.I tried a Tofu-brat with sauteed onions and peppers. It was served on a wheat bun.My husband got the veggie burger. There isn't a place to sit and eat inside, but there are two patio swinging chairs in the front. I'd suggest eating on the porch or taking it to one of the nearby parks. They make it fresh and while you wait you can check out all the natural and organic products. I didn't try a smoothie, but many other customers did and I think I'll return to try one. The smoothies looked very refreshing and good for you!
5	There is an amazing amount of stuff in here.  I went looking for shampoos and toothpaste, and ended up finding a ton of great stuff.  There are so many organic lotions, makeup items, cleansers, etc.  to choose from!   If you want to stock up your shower and bathroom with virtually chemical-free products, you can definitely do it here.  They have some good dry grocery items, like cereals and oatmeal, pasta and middle eastern foods.  I got a veggie soup from the deli counter and it was so good - squash, tomatoes a and greens in a low-salt broth.  I will go back soon to try the tofu dog now that I have read these reviews.  I am also going to take my son here for smoothies instead of smoothie king or other less exciting alternatives.  The people were so friendly that I left feeling like I had just made a new friend!
4	In the early days of health-minded Charlotte, before CM's deli and the huge multi-plex Home Economist down South, this was the only place in town you could grab a hot vegan lunch. They're still pumping out some of the best wraps and burritos in town for the egg-and-cheeseless, and at somewhat reasonable prices. 5 bucks for a 16oz juice would have wadded my panties a few years back, but in today's world, it's an ok price. It didn't matter how much it cost yesterday afternoon, I was craving one so bad. First round was too light on the ginger - so they juiced an extra knot and poured it in, for fwee. Love the people that work here.So why don't I do more shopping here? Any number of reasons. The bulk section is tiny, although smartly stocked. Bulk prices are lower here than at HE or EF, but the smaller selection sends me down the road when I've got a big batch of whatever planned. Parking can be nightmarish. Freezer selection varies from awesome (yay, Field Roast!) to totally obliterated (grr, Monday). Vitamin and beauty product pricing is a tad higher, but what an awesome selection. If you haven't gone organic with your soaps and scrubs yet, this is the perfect place to come to shop - you can sniff, poke, and test almost anything they're selling.I'll say again - the staff is awesome, and between them and that insane soydog + works, I can't stay away. There's a tiny but interesting selection of books to peruse as you await your sammich. Grind your own organic peanut butter for kicks, if you're feeling adventurous.
4	I've spent years driving and walking past this charming establishment and decided to venture in today thanks to Citipass BOGO coupon that was going to expire this week. Very small and crowded place but boy do they carry a lot of stuff. I was amazed by the number of cosmetic and personal care items they carry along with the cheap prices they offer. I was expecting it to be a lot more given it being a local place and all.I got the veggie burger and Italian Veggie soup to go and couldn't been happier with both, The veggie burger was big, topped with cucumbers, tomato and vegan mayo--who knew they had that? You can get food to go and eat on their swing in front while watching the hustle and bustle of East Blvd. Luckily I live near there so it's within walking distance for me but parking can be a little tight in their little lot. I'll admit,  I was a bit skeptical of this place and that I would be welcomed by the scent of patchouli when walking in. Yet now I know why their lot is full all the time. I will definitely be coming back here to try one of juice drinks or Tofu dogs or pick up some protein powder or peppermint oil.
3	i am continually searching for great vegetarian restaurants.  sadly, charlotte is a far cry from emulating cities like san francisco in this department.  we are painfully devoid of variety, but i do see hope on our horizon.since the 1970s, berrybrook farm has been a go-to place in the center city for vegetarian choices and natural foods.  the building is austere and quite tiny.  there isn't really a place to sit down and eat, but the option to shop for things that are difficult to find at the taj mahteeter is definitely a plus.  additionally, the people who work here have answers to questions that most people (myself included) resort to amazon reviews to find.  they're knowledgeable, friendly, and forthcoming.the menu is not terribly extensive, but it does offer much-needed perspective on its own terms.  i vacillate between the all-veg hot dog (fully loaded) and the veggie burger - complete with its own chili topping.  both are satisfying and surprisingly good, but don't kid yourself if you're looking for something that tastes like angus beef or nathan's hot dogs.  it never ceases to amaze me when people are frustrated that vegetarian options don't reflect the flavor of meat.  it's not meat, morons . . . and the emperor has no clothes.  sorry (but i'm not).on a cold winter's day, i often find myself craving their soup.  it's a perfect fit for your coffee mug.if you're looking for a way to banish the holiday bulge, spend some time in here.  they won't push the newest formula of hydroxycut on you (back away slowly, you lazy sludge), and they'll give you many different ways to eat better, think healthier, and start looking at food differently.stop in and pick up some lunch.  you might be surprised by what you find.
4	This is a common lunch stop for me. Their bean burritos are win, however I don't recommend the pizza burrito, everything they have they can make vegan, just remember to specify that or you might get chezzzed. This is really just a store with a great lunch shop, so while your waiting on your food you can browse all of the goodies they have in there shop. Low-and-behold one day I picked up vegan chocolate-peanut butter cups! I recommend getting lunch from this place at least once and remember bean burrito not pizza burrito, unless, ya' know, that's the sort of thing your into.
1	I visited for the first time after calling and wanting to try some natural juices. I was severely disappointed in the staff. Kelly the "order taker girl" was extremely unpleasant...I asked her a question and she walked away and said "Im going to lunch go ask someone else"...this is after bumping my order after her own, her boyfriend, and her boyfriends friend. I waited quite a while for my food...which was okay except that 4 people showed up after me and were served before me. Then I didnt know the whole ticket situation...so I gave my ticket to the kitchen lady (who asked for it) and didnt know that you were supposed to take it to the counter first...how else was I supposed to know???So I had to succomb to a stern finger wagging after not knowing who to go do whatever with. I order the Everything Juice which is kinda gross...I was disappointed bc I asked Kelly (most unhelpful customer service person ever) what to expect and she said it tasted like "juice"....Anyway, thank God there are tons of juice bars in Charlotte I will not be visiting this one. I also wonder about the cleanliness...despite the 93% rating...I beg to differ...its kinda gross back there in the kitchen.
5	This place is an absolute GEM! I constantly hear from my friends that they walk or drive by it all the time and never go in- well next time you do that, stop and give it a shot! The menu at their "juice bar" has extended greatly. They now have everything from the classic tofu dogs and veggi burgers to taco salads, avacado wraps, and even a tempeh reuben! YUM! I'm not even a vegetarian and I love this stuff! And do yourself a favor- get a smoothie next time you go. NO ice included, just frozen fruit and either soy/rice milk or fat free organic yogurt. It's a TINY little place that is packed with so much stuff (at the most reasonable prices you know the owner is taking a huge cut) you won't believe it! They've recently started carrying ionized water, which has incredible health benefits. Take your own container (or they sell gallon jugs for only 99 cents) and fill it up with their machine. You won't regret it. Their incredibly friendly staff is so knowledgeable that you won't be led wrong. You can tell they aren't trying to just sell you on things, but instead help you find exactly what you're looking for. If you can't find it there, they will give you the option to special order it at no cost to you. Just ask! Also, if it's a popular brand and they don't sell it there, it means there is probably a reason. The owner is extremely strict about the quality of health products he sells in his store. So LONG review short- GO VISIT! Give it a shot. You will at least love the food, if not the cozy, small-business atmosphere.
5	Vitamins, shakes, food, soups, fruits!! Great place!
4	Cool!  One of the few remaining Unique (non-chain) "Health Food" (as we used to call them) stores!  This place has been here many years!  Love to get "Salt" style (not the Brand name) Deodorant here!  last time I was here I asked for a few products and they sold me two other products that I did not think were similar (I do not speak the "Health Food" Language I just go in there and speak Broken English and usually it works) Any way I used the products and they worked very well, so I'm impressed!  Park in Kennelworh Commons Lot!!! Parking may be difficult if you want to get into there small and hard to get in lot!
4	Man. Never once have I witnessed such an illustrious collection of kale chips under one roof! Berrybrook Farm, though difficult to park and access, is a great location to score tons of healthy items, special diet items and even fresh juices and smoothies. Kind of a "convenience store" for healthier/specific foods, if you will. The floors are old, wooden, and rickety, but it really adds to the aesthetic of this place. Just a crazy jumble of items that might catch your eye. We wandered in not really looking for anything specific and found plenty of things that were appealing. We ended up scoring a vegetarian turkey-like loaf from one of our favorite brands - Quorn. So glad to see that these guys carry it as it is rather hard to find in Charlotte. Next visit, I'd really love to try a smoothie or something off of the sandwich-y menu. The staff was so nice and really made every guest feel welcomed. I really appreciate that about a smaller vanity business like this one.I'm pretty sure I'll be back to sample some of the fare soon. Glad to find this gem on East Blvd.
4	Why haven't you been here yet?? I bet you drive past here ALL DA TIME. I know I do. I finally went inside today. No idea what is so intimidating about a barn in Dilworth but I'm glad I stepped out of my comfort zone. Lunch (hot lunch too) is served from 11am - three pm on weekdays. (I think) I've only been once. I don't know all the scheduling yet. When you listy people make yoru lists of vegan/healthy/vegetarian don't forget Berrybrook farm. It is all that and a store. The store scared the crap out of me. Its like the TJ MAXX of health food (in a good way.) Focus on the juices and smoothies and salads and soups and sandwiches. All super affordable (well be careful with your juice add ons young grasshopper those can be a wee bit pricey- but consider it a meal and your sticker shock will ebb.) Most items are between $3.50 and seven bucks. I felt pretty darn good after eating my curried tomato soup too. Minus one star for horrific parking.
3	I stopped in there one time last summer when I was in the area and needed to purchase an herbal supplement.  I found their prices for vitamins and herbs to be comparable to Healthy  Home Market, where I usually purchase them.  The outside of the store is quaint and cute, but I found it to have a sort of claustrophic jumbled effect inside.  The gentleman who waited on me was VERY courteous and helpful, unlike staff at other similar stores.  But he made one fatal mistake!  I am 63 and he was making me aware of some discount service available to those 65 and over!  Although I am a plain Jane in my attire and affect I am still a WOMAN !  And being told I look at LEAST a year and half older than I am was NOT good!  To be honest, I cannot say with certainty that I would not have added an extra star to this review if that had not happened!  So read this review knowing that I MAY have a subconscious bias, and add a 4th star if you wish!  It is definitely a unique little shop that is well worth visiting just to form your own opinion!
2	I'm so torn about this place. The food I've eaten here is delicious but the customer service leaves so much to be desired.I work right down the street so we often choose Berrybrook for lunch. Calling in orders is a joke. The people who answer the phone don't seem to know what's going on. Their menu online is pretty basic so when they ask you a question about your meal, you don't really know how to answer. Example: I order a quesadilla. Menu says:  your choice of cheese, black beans and three veggies on a sprouted wheat tortilla. I assume I just choose my cheese and the rest is just there. No, you also have to choose your veggies. Since they're not listed online, you have to ask. They are NOT pleased when they have to say which veggies they have. Then I ask if they can add cilantro to my quesadilla. "Um...I'm not sure that we have any." Well, some of their other menu items COME with cilantro. So...shouldn't they always have it? Confusing.The real kicker is that when I checked to make sure it would come with sour cream and salsa, they said it would cost extra. WHY would you charge extra for sour cream and salsa when you're getting a quesadilla?? That's a natural side. So fine..I say I'll pay extra. Welp...what do you know...I paid extra, get back to the office...no sour cream and salsa. Thanks guy.Anyway...even when I've gone there to order, the people there just seem to be irritated and they ignore you for a while and it's just not pleasant.But like I said, the food is good and the rest of the products there are cool so I'm torn. Just...please fix the customer service, guys!
3	Strange little place with health supplements and a deli. i really appreciate the vegan options for lunch and the smoothies, but we are 1 for 3 in thinking we would order the same food again. They also seem to have everything for the health-minded individual whatever health mind you have (gluten free, vegan, organic, whatnot). They actually carry my favorite vegan protein powder, unfortunately it's about $7-10 cheaper when i order it from Amazon...i know, i know, buy local. Sorry.One thing i don't really like is that it seems like a cluster ordering and waiting around and i always feel like i'm in the way. i do believe you can phone in an order to be ready for pickup which may not be a bad idea. It's definitely worth checking out and they do have a coupon in the Entertainment book to save a couple bucks.
4	Can't believe I've yet to write a review of Berrybrook Farm... eh, better late than never! Berrybrook is an eclectic shop in Dilworth. Need some Alkaline Ionized water? They have it. Want a freshly pressed juice or vegan sandwich to go? They have those. Searching for an assortment of vitamins & holistic-type odds & ends? They have lots of those. Lots of parking? Not so much! Parking in Dilworth is notoriously tricky & spare & Berrybrook is no exception. I've skipped stopping here on more than one occasion when there's no parking available in their 6-8 oddly configured parking spaces. Sometimes you can park in the nearby Harris Teeter center & walk over, but don't count on finding space there either during lunch hour.The customer service has improved the last few times I've been here. Interestingly enough, it might be the owner from whom I've gotten the coolest receptions. But the last few times, there's a guy working behind the counter & he's super friendly & welcoming. If you've not been there before, it can be an intimidating, albeit, small space to walk into. And you may not know immediately where to go or what you're even looking for, so a smiling face is appreciated. The folks working the deli & juice area have always been very friendly & helpful with recommendations. I often get their veggie burger & juice, which are made fresh, so be prepared to wait a few minutes for your food.
4	Funky, spunky....just give me the soup!!!  Believe it or not, but this place has THE best soup in Charlotte!  Don't be afraid to browse around the eclectic shop with many many organic & natural (genuinely) wares....
4	What a great little spot! Emphasis being little...Don't be intimidated by the other reviews purporting poor and condescending customer service. I am relatively new to the natural health food world and found Berrybrook to be a great place to start my adventure.My least favorite part is the parking situation. They have only a few oddly configured spots in a small area right in the busy intersection of Dilworth. If you don't mind walking a tad, park in the adjacent Harris Teeter parking lot, it'll save you a headache.Boy do they have a lot of stuff packed into this space! Beauty supplies, vitamins and supplements, iodized water, groceries, pet items. They also have a juice bar with soups, sandwiches, smoothies, and juices. I have had the Tempeh Reuben (Yum!) and the Veggie Burger (Yum!) and few different juices. Both were very modestly priced and items I would order again.They also have premade sandwiches, prepackaged foods and fresh fruit perfect if you're on the go.Note: there is not a lot of room while waiting for your food and if you stand there waiting you WILL be in the way. I suggest wandering around a little bit and exploring the shop. Try the iodized water! It's a refreshing twist on what you may be used to.Also important to note, there is nowhere to eat said food except for the swings on the porch which are lovely on a nice day.I do think Berrybrook has outgrown their space in would do great somewhere with a little more room and an area to sit and eat. With that being said, the cozy space is just part of the experience and something I've learned to embrace rather than rebuke.
5	Went to this place after yelping juice bars and I was pleasantly surprised! The juice was awesome and super healthy. I'm from the Boston area and I am always traveling so it's always good to find a good juice bar. The people were so nice and suggested which juice to go with. I would not hesitate to go here. The store is full of other goodies including health and beauty products. Come here for sure !!
5	I try to drink an Everything on a daily basis.  Since I started this routine, I've never felt better.  This place is super chill, and a few of them even know my name.  See you soon, guys!
4	A little pricey but it doesn't get more "natural" than this. Great juice bar and cool stuff to buy if you're into super hardcore natural foods.
