5	AHHH!! Two words. Toki Doki.Yes. They carry tokidoki here....
4	It seems that Vegas has ALL the Le Sportsac stores, whether it is a regular store or an outlet. Where are the ones down here huh???? I don't even think SCP has it.They are coming out with tons of designs which give me a migraine. I prefer the classic colors. However, I really like the new sizes and styles, but they hardly carry any in the classic colors. Most of them are the florals or the animal prints -- just too much for me.Otherwise, it's a great store!
5	This store is more exciting to me than any glitzy Vegas casino! I love LeSportsac, but their bags are really too expensive for what they are. Enter the outlet! Display after display filled with wallets, purses, luggage, and more, all at 40 to 70% off retail prices. The best part? Many of the patterns and styles are not too far removed from the department store! I walked away with two purses, a wallet and a messenger bag in prints I saw a month or two ago at Macy's. What would have cost $200+ there set me back a mere $90 at the outlet. I'll be back every time I'm in Vegas!
4	Cute bags and accessories. I see a lot of designs that are no longer offered at retail stores. These are offered at 40% off the retail value. I think you could find these bags at cheaper prices by using EBATES and ordering online through Macys and using an on-line coupon. The same could be done if you shop in-store where these bags are marked 25%-40% off and you could use a coupon to get an additional discount. I saw the cutest travel bag with polka dots on a faint lavendar background at this store during my shopping trip. I saw a lot of matching sets - purse, wallet, tote, and cosmetic bag. Prices aren't bad and the selection is good.
3	Prices are just okay (you need to offer coupons, or loyalty programs, or better discounts).  I can get better deals at Filene's Basement, Loehmann's, Ross, Marshalls, and/or TJ Maxx any day of the week.  Also, the selection is just okay.  I wanted a bag for my GPS and one for a camera, but all they had in that size were cosmetic bags which didn't work.And to the company itself: can you please renew your partnership with Tokidoki???
5	awesomeeeeee!!!!!!I always wanted a lesportsac weekender bag but wasn't willing to shell out over $100 on these as i felt it wasn't worth it. Little did i know about the quality and the make of "the lesportsac" bags! They are waterproof, tearproof, made from the material of parachutes, and all that good stuff. ( i didn't know! haha)they had quite a good selection of different designs as well as the last latest collection in which case, the joyrich collection is available right now. All the items in the store are 40% off. The other back half portion of the store has 65% off (clearance) items that are still cute and functional. The employees were nice and offered me additional 15% discount for the 40% off items which were suppose to be discount coupons mailed to you for vip customers or something but since people forget to bring it, she does it for the customers without having the card. So just ask if there are any additional discounts. Doesn't hurt.I will definitely checks this place out again the next time i go to Vegas. Can't' wait!
5	I have always enjoyed going to this outlet when in Vegas.  My last three purchases in the past two years have been made over the phone by awesome sales associates.  I called on July 4th and spoke with Alyssa.  I was looking for the Everyday Deluxe Shoulder Bag in a solid pattern. Alyssa mentioned they had it in Black Opal.  She suggested I look on the web to see if that was a color I could work with.  I loved that she wasn't in a rush to get a sale over the phone and that she took her time with me.  I researched this bag and color for a few days and finally made my purchase.  It arrived on Monday July 9th.  The bag was better than I had expected.  Alyssa described the color as "chic" and she was right!  I immediately emptied out the contents from my classic hobo (also purchased over the phone from that location) and used my new, chic purse!  My coworker now wants the same bag, in the same color.  The last one sold that day, but I know Alyssa will call me if any more come in or if there is another chic color to purchase.  This specific purse retails for $88 in the stores and I purchased it for $52.  With tax and shipping it came out to $67.  If you can splurge with shipping, do it!  I love the products, prices and more importantly, the GREAT service!  Thank you Alyssa!!!!  You created an awesome customer experience!!
1	Nikki and a male representative was extremely rude when we were paying for our merchandises. They rolled their eyes at us after asking for an extra bag because they stuffed 4 bags into tiny bag. Our merchandise is wrinkled and smashed because of the way they were bagging. I highly DO NOT recommend coming here. If I can put no stars for this place, I would. Everyone if you're going to buy something here, expect your bags to be damaged from the bagging process.
5	This place is awesome, walked in with my boyfriend and was greeted right away. My bf found a seat and let me do my thing. I was super excited to see they had the It's a small world collection in so many prints and styles. And to top it off, everything was 40%! That's a better discount I can get at work if I could even find these bags. A nice worker came over to check on me and let me know if I needed help, she'll be happy on assist me. Awesome! :) I called my bf over and asked him what he thought and I got the normal, "Whatever you want babe, you're happy, I'm happy." I picked a smaller crossbody bag, that's perfect for traveling and lightweight. Reg price was $52, and I just paid $33 after tax! What an awesome deal! Now I just wished there was one of these in the Bay Area. Oh! And a heads up, they take phone orders for anything you want. If you happen to see a print you like online, you can call them, they'll put your name on a waiting list, and call you when that print comes in! Great info to know. Bottom line, great customer service, awesome prices, and their bags last forever!
5	By far the best service I have received in...Forever!! I was in search of a LeSportsac backpack (Polynesian Paradise pattern) and it was SOLD OUT on-line, so I contacted the LV outlet store and spoke w/ Alyssa. She knew exactly what item I wanted and said it was in stock and 40% off what I would have paid elsewhere. Glorious!!! She shipped my item that day and I received it the following day! Wow, that was fast!!!! She even included a nice, hand-written "Thank You" note! I'm impressed!!!  All stores & customer service personnel, "TAKE NOTE!" This is how a GREAT store is run & done! Thanks Alyssa & LeSportsac! You guys are awesome!!! If I had a megaphone, I would announce this to the world...good thing there's YELP!  :D
5	Great service, great selection, great price!  Everyone here is so friendly and helpful and be sure to check out their clearance section! It is easy to see how someone could have a hard time deciding what to buy, but it is well worth the time!
4	One of my favorite stops at the outlet mall! They have so many different patterns and styles that I lose track of time in here. Plus, with all the great deals, it's hard NOT to find something.Budget your time wisely or set an alarm, my sister and I spent a good chunk of an hour here in just one trip...
4	Some of LeSportsac's designs are a little too childish to be wearing on a daily basis but they started using more adult designs that aren't ridiculously cute.They always seem to have sales so you can probably expect to pay about half off for a lot of bags.
