4	Here lies the value of staff that enthuse about their job. The staff here are as unashamedly geeky as the interior suggests and for that I thank them.  Informative, always willing to suggest helpful tips on what to buy and eager to aid you on your way to the best deal: The staff at CEX are top quality. Saying that, CEX needs such quality staff in order to persuade you to buy much of the second hand gaming gear on offer. You'll find stripped down computer parts, shelves of traded games, and random components for games consoles throughout. For the average consumer this will all seem a little alien and untrustworthy when it comes to submitting your cash. Nonetheless, with the staff's help and keen eye you can pick up some computing bargains and rest assure that its in full working condition. The option to sell/trade your old gaming gear is a bonus too.
4	Cex is good and we all know it.Just want to add on these reviews, that I went in here today looking for a replacement screen for my netbook and even though they didn't have it in stock, they sent me along to another shop which did have it.Stand up guys!
4	Cex is the one stop shop for second hand games, gaming equipment, gaming consoles, phones, cameras, dvds, computer parts, computer shells and monitors, and various other stuff you may want to buy from a place like this. It's a bit like cash converter for geeks.The staff are extreemly helpful and friendly, and the store itself is so big there is a hell of a lot of stuff packed in here, so take your time and have a look around.Some of the items can be incredably cheap - like dvd's for 50p, but some of the hard ware like consoles or phones actually seem incredibly expensive, so finding the right balance is essential.A great place for all your geeky needs.
5	A cross between Cash Converters, Gamestation and Fopp, Cex is every bit as fascinating as it sounds, and is the exact type of store I find utterly impossible to walk past. You can trade in games, DVDs consoles and mobile phones here, and while I'm not convinced about how much of a bargain you gwet when you're buying from here, the prices they give you to trade in your old games is often way ahead of their rivals.You'll feel like a bit of a desperado doing it, but as someone who's long lost his last shred of dignity that's not a problem for me.
4	I always go through phases when it comes to games. Sometimes I am totally addicted to the likes of Super Mario, The Legend of Zelda and Maro kart, but sometimes I couldn't think of anything I'd want to do less.It's a love hate thing, it loves me, i hate it...But to be fair, Cex is a brilliant place for those phases where I love it. It's got all the games you could want, and if it doesn't have them then they happily order them in for you. As Gavin M has mentioned, it's a good  balance between all the other game shops on the high street today, it's one of my favourites. The staff are very knowledgeable and sincere, they want you to get what you want. They have a good deal too where you can trade in games, for a good price!!They have everything you could want too - they have mobiles, cd players, ipods, most electronical items a young person today could want, they have, it's pretty good you,for good prices and really friendly staff.The layout of the shop is good too they have everything you could want in a really easily-managed order. Well done Cex!
4	Everyone loves a bit of Cex (sorry, I had to go there before someone else did).Seriously though, if you've not got into this shop you most definitely should. Cex is where the appeal of a second hand music store meets a games exchange. When I first had a look around I thought it was merely the latter, as you are faced with the games section as you enter the store. I was impressed enough with that - there were a fair few, fairly recent DS games for a fiver, and some recent XBox games for under 20 quid. But when I turned a corner I was faced with even more mind blowing bargains. I spotted a Red Dwarf "just the Shows" boxset for a shockingly good 8 quid, and some recent stand up comedy DVDs for just under 2 quid. They had enough DVD's to rival Fopp, and an eclectic mix of music that is obviously a mish mash of everyone's exchanges.Overall, I loved it. I have a few movies and CD's on my to do list that I'll pick up next week. Including a Dogtanian cartoon for 75p. He was my childhood hero and arguably worth so much more to me than that, but who am I to argue with a bargain like that? It's a steal!
4	Trading your electronic 'leftovers' is brilliant in this shop. They offer good prices for buying and selling. Nothing wrong with them, but sometimes you are not getting exactly what you thought you were getting (as they just don't have it all..) You will get some guarantee, so if you are unhappy you can possibly trade it back in.
