5	I have had terrible vision most of my life so I can appreciate the professional service from the crew here. As a parent, you will know the protective nature of always seeking the best care for your children and I place full trust and confidence here.The selecton of eyewear - glasses and sunglasses - even suitable for an Asian-fit....what can I say....I have lived a lifetime hoping I would grow a decent bridge..!!Only to find some decent eyewear suited to my little nub :)
4	Very nice staff.  Good experience my first time there.
5	My wife and I have been going to Dr. Stipek for over 10 years now. He's terrific. A truly nice man that really knows his business. He's relaxed, friendly and happy to answer any silly question you have. As you'll find with any good doctor, his office staff is exactly the same. From the front desk to the opticians you're treated like a friend here.
5	My husband and I have been going to Dr. Stipek for over 10 years.  He is a very thorough doctor and we always feel a sense of relief after our exam and all is good because we have such confidence in him.  His front office staff has been with him for years and are experts on the insurance and billing end of things.  The selection of eyewear is excellent.  Highly recommend Dr. Stipek and his team if you are new in town and/or looking for excellent eye care.
5	While working in the Scottsdale area I found that my glasses nose pieces had fallen off from my frames.  Although I did not buy from this optician, they fixed me right up and at no charge.  Truly nice people and I really appreciated their customer service ethics.  I highly recommend them based upon my positive experience.
5	Dr Stipek and his entire staff are absolutely wonderful, they genuinely care about their patients and take the time to ensure everything is done right. The exam given by Dr. Stipek is the most thorough  I have ever received and this includes exams from both optomistrists and ophthalmologists. Highly recommended!
5	Dr. Stipek is a wonderful doctor!  I was referred to him by two friends and now he treats my entire family.  He is so caring and takes time with each patient.  My daughter was visiting from out of town and developed an eye infection. He saw her immediately and told her if over the weekend her eye didn't improve to call his office and they would get a hold of him. You just don't find many doctors these days with such ethics.  His office staff is also amazing, so efficient and helpful! I highly recommend Dr. Stipek!
5	I have been going to Dr Stipek for over 6 years. He found an eye lesion that was missed by a retinal specialist, a very significant and resolvable situation. He is most thorough and professional, courteously explains all aspects of his findings and is a sincerely kind person. The staff take the lead from the Doctor, being sincerely helpful, knowledgable and professional. I highly recommend Dr Stipek and the practice. I am a retired physician so I don't give this type of review lightly, they have earned their 5 star review.
5	Excellent service, friendly staff, flexible times and Dr. Stipek took his time and did a through examination. Yolanda was amazing as well!
5	Dr. Stipek was awesome! I don't think I ever had such a variety of exams. They test for everything and explain everything they are doing along the way. I would highly recommend Dr. Stipek. I will be having my husband  coming as well. The staff was wonderful and very accommodating to whatever needs you have.
