4	A friend and I stopped in here today after coffee next door at Sunrise Coffee.  The sign boasting "decor, accessories, style" really drew me in.  The store is so much larger than it looks on the outside and has a wide variety of home decor items, including furniture, vases, lamps, knick knacks; and accessories - handbags, belts, costume jewelry, etc.  Truly a gal's shopping paradise!  We were greeted immediately by a friendly employee who explained the pricing - pricing as-is in the accessories section of the store (to the right when you walk in) and 20% off all items in the home decor section (to the left).  The prices seemed really reasonable for home decor, despite a couple of big furniture items which were expensive.  But I wanted everything for the home!  It reminded me a lot of a Homegoods or home decor section of TJ Maxx.  Lots of random finds, some grouped by color, type of item, etc.  If I weren't in the midst of looking for a new house I probably would have left with so much stuff!   The accessories side was packed with inexpensive handbags, cheap watches, jewelry, belts.  I wasn't as impressed with this side but then again I do like shopping for the home more than for accessories and, for things like handbags and watches I admit I like them a little more high-end.  I left empty-handed but it's not because I didn't want anything!  The store was so fun to browse and there's definitely lots to be found at the Find!  I'm sure I'll be back when it's time to start decorating a new home :)
4	I found it or maybe it found me. I don't know, but this store gives me a girl boner.$8- $15 scarfs that I actually like. $15-$30 unique and very stylish purses and bags that could pass as vintage.OH WAIT. I was only writing for the women and my girly men. Here's for the men who actually have a say in what their homes look like (and the women, too).Fabulous home accents. Don't go by the sticker price. Everything in the store that can not be worn is an additional 20% off. I did not see one item damaged or As/Is either. This stuff is cute! I LOVED the varieties of trays, wall decorations and accent tables. Really sharp. They get most or all of their items from the World Market Center. They have that unique piece you are looking for.... It's huge inside so don't just go to the right. Next time you are in the area I HIGHLY suggest stopping by my favorite coffee shop  thirty steps away from here and then slowly browsing through this store for anything that you may or may not need. I call this sport Retail Meditation. Regardless if you buy something you still had a Namaste moment and hopefully came out of the store with something to show for it.You ain't lost anymore. Come to this store. The Find on Sunset. Yeah. I just did that.
5	This is my new fav store ever!! My weekly stops at homegoods have become frustrating since they seem to have the same ugly crap forever, and I'm tired of searching for a needle in the haystack of tacky things. I seriously fell in love with The Find from the moment I stepped through the door - everything there was exactly my taste in home decor. I have kind of an obsession with shabby chic furniture, mirrored accent tables, black and white damask, and quatrefoil everything. The store was basically like pinterest come to life (and that's a good thing). The pricing really varied, but nothing was outrageous like these home decor stores tend to be. I'd say their pricing is generally what you would find at homegoods + you get 20% off. I got a bunch of random dust collectors including cute mirrored tile votive candle holders for 95cents - $2 each. The staff was really sweet and helpful. She said they don't have a set schedule for new stock - things just come in whenever. You can also mix and match lamp bases with different shades if you hate the one it comes with. The only negative is that every inch is cluttered with breakable things, so grabbing what you want is kind of a scary process for a klutz like me. I'm glad this store is kind of far from my new hood because it's the kind of place I could become addicted to in a second. I can't wait to come back once I figure out where to put all the pieces I liked. FYI pretty restrictive return policy - store credit only and must be within 48hrs.
5	"The Find" is probably the best kept secret where you'll find a plethora of purses, jewelry, accessories, and home deco at shockingly low prices. It won't remain a secret for long! As soon as I entered the store and saw the price tag for one of the purses, my jaw dropped and my phone convo to my friend went like this after I texted her the pic of the purse,  "OMGAWDyouhavetocometothisstoreRIGHTNOW!" And so began my hour long shopping spree.The employee explained that 1/2 the store is accessories the other 1/2 is home deco.  You pay the wholesale price listed on the tags on the accessory side.  On the home deco side it's 20% off the already low price. The wrought iron planter that I found easily would go for eighty bucks retail, 40 dollars at a discount retailer's like Marshals) here, I found it for $24!! Plus another 20% on top of that! Also a lot of the merchandise is ONE OF A KIND because it is left here from  trade shows and gift conventions. Since the distributors don't want to repack and haul back the merchandise they sell it instead.  This places buys the whole lot so we get the great deals!By the way the most helpful and sweet sales staff! Offered to help carry out my packages to my car and while I was shopping offered me bottled water. You'll just have come here and find out for yourself what "The Find" is all about.
5	My friend told me about The Find and decided that we should grab the other girls, take a look through the store then go have lunch. I decided I didn't really need anything but I went  along for the ride. I knew I wasn't going to spend any money so I just decided to browse around the store.  Well, $416 and three visits later I decided to write a review about the place. If there's anything you don't need to buy with money you don't have, this is the place to do it.This gem  of a store is filled with one, okay sometimes two of a kind items from jewelry to handbags, to small pieces of furniture,  to home decorating accessory items, to outdoor stuff  to just about anything you always wanted but couldn't find anywhere else.  They even have things you never even knew you wanted but now can't live without. Trust me on this. The staff is very friendly and very helpful.  The prices are far more reasonable than I expected them to be.  Just go in,  take a look around and tell me if you can walk out of there with nothing. Not going to happen.
4	This place is super amazing highly recommend for anyone looking for decor items . Unique pieces & large selection to choose from.
5	Off the beaten path...Sunset Road..but easy to find ad it is on the main drag...This place has home deco and finishing statement pieces which would add glamour and a touch of class for any home.  Plan on spending a while- especially of ypu want to see ot all.The jewelry  is worth ckecking out. For Costume babbles with good designs in ALL colors.  Much better than the  run of the mill stores in Vegas malls. And MUCH. BETTER PRICES! This is a fun store with a great variety of items.  They always seem to be restocking with new items.Also ocassionally in the front of the parking lot you may find a food vendor selling Indian Fry Bread.
5	Great buy on watches, $12.99 :)The purses are super cute, the owner told me they have the same purchaser as Macy's. Lots of very spiffy furniture. A hidden gem.
5	Went in yesterday and saw a silver mirrored  dresser that I fell in love with but couldn't fit in the car I had. I went back this morning and the owner Jim was working. He was so friendly and helped me load it in my truck. They have such cute home decor. Something for everyone's taste and at a reasonable price.
1	This is my first business review and I just had to do it. We heard about the find from a good friend. She said it was a perfect place to find good deals. Let me just say she couldn't been more wrong. This place is very expensive. We were hard-pressed to find any item under $30. If you're going to shop here make sure you bring your wallet because these were similar to Pottery Barn prices.
3	Surprisingly large store that seems to be half boutique (purses, jewelry, accessories) and half furniture and decor- pricing is a bit all over the place, but they have a distinct style that may or may not work for your home.Double-check all items for damage before purchase- I noticed an amazing dining table and chair set at a reasonable price ($749) but all of the chairs were wobbly, perhaps due to a manufacturing error. A dresser I was interested in had drawers that were quite difficult to open and close.Jewelry selection is extensive and there is a large purse display. Lots of staff are present, though I found it odd that only one addressed me at any point and I was not checked up on or assisted during my visit as I browsed the furniture. Found some pricing to be reasonable, some to be unrealistic- don't forget to check out the clearance section.
