5	If you need a dentist, this is a great place to go. Searched around and took a chance on this place and have always been impressed with the quality of the dental hygienists and Dr. Boyd. Usually in and out in 30 minutes and it's always $0 (w/insurance). Even did the oral cancer screening the last time, which they recommend, but don't push, and provide benefits which by far out way the small cost. Keep smilin'
5	I'm religious about dental care and having a good dentist is important to me.  I went for my first appoint with Dr. Boyd last week and was pleased.  The examination was thorough and my hygienist (Carol Ann) was really good about explaining the different tests she did and why they were important.  It was definitely one of the most thorough cleanings/checkups I've ever had.The location is great (in Elizabeth on Providence) but the building is a bit dodgy and older.  Fortunately the office seems to be technologically well equipped and you can watch TV while you are cleaned up.
5	The staff are always courteous. Service is usually prompt but as with all medical practices, there may be a delay.  I love Dr. Boyd.  She knows "I HATE the dentist" but does not take it personal!  Carol does my regular cleaning and we are on the same page.  As long as Dr. Boyd does her assessment and finishes without uttering the word "cavity", I am a happy camper.  Will continue to visit regularly, as long as she will have me!You can take the elevator or walk as I do up to their floor.  Location is easily accessible but arrive mid-day and parking may be a problem.  Entering and exiting the parking lot can also be tricky.
5	Had my first visit with Dr. Boyd today and I am very picky about my dentists. It took me a while to find one that had some good reviews and took my insurance but she seemed to fit the bill. They can do phone and text reminders which is nice for me especially since you sometimes have to book a while in advance. Easy to find and pretty easy to park (free parking). Large suite and nice waiting room. They do have an $85 no show fee so make sure to cancel within 24 hours to not get penalized. Nice hygienist but the main thing is they are sensitive to people who have dental phobias. I only need special care when there is a drill involved but they will make me have a full panic attack. Previous dentists have ignored this problem. Dr. Boyd took time to make sure I was ok with what they were doing and if she needed to do any precautions to make me more comfortable. And finally they file the insurance before they make you pay. A lot of dentists make you pay and then you get the reimbursement check from your insurance company a couple weeks later. It is nice that this extra step is taken care of by her staff. They already scheduled me for my 6 month and didn't try to sell me on teeth brightening or fancy toothbrushes. Very happy so far and would recommend her to anything. PS if you don't have insurance to cover her the entire cleaning and large set of xrays (most of which are only done every 5 years) was $200. After the first visit you only need some basic xrays. Hope this helps!
5	I did not even have a chance to visit this dentist yet but just from speaking with Misha ( spelling?) on the phone I was VERY impressed with the polite and professional manner of the office and if teh dental work is a good as the customer service I will look like a movie star!
3	Went to the office for the first time today for a cleaning. The building was kinda dumpy when I first walked in and smelled musty but the office itself (on 3rd floor) was nice. I really liked the Hygenist there. Sandra came in for about 10 minutes towards the end, talked about what she found in my x-rays, and said I had a cavitiy. She was nice, but nothing extraordinary like from what i was expecting from reading all the rave reviews. I'd give my experience a solid B.
5	The reviews are correct! I needed to find a local dentist for my routine cleaning, and as always, I let the internet make my decisions for me (as long as it's Yelp.) The office staff was incredibly polite and accommodating when I booked my appointment. When I showed up, the ladies at the front desk seemed to be expecting me, even though it was my first time there, and both of them welcomed me and said "Nice to meet you." A nice change from most doctor's offices where you have to beg to get someone's attention back there. My hygienist, Cindy, was incredibly personable and was really paying attention to my dental history and concerns. We zipped through my Xrays and she talked about different types of floss and toothpaste that suited my teeth. The digital Xrays coming up on the screen was pretty cool- at the very least it gives you something to look at while you hold that thing in your mouth. Dr. Boyd recommended some further procedures for my teeth, but didn't push them on me. She and Cindy both discussed their opinions about my teeth to decide what the best course would be. When I checked out, the front desk scheduled my next cleaning but didn't push the extra services on me, just gave me a quotation and told me to call back if I'd like to schedule it. This was a great office to visit!
4	Went here as a new patient and got great service overall. I am definitely not a fan of the dentist generally, but they were friendly and helpful and did the most thorough review of my dental situation that I have ever had.  I appreciated the extra advice they gave me and will definitely be back.
