4	I only went to the lunch buffet here and it seems they're going with quality over quantity.  Not too many choices at the buffet but the ones they did have were all tasty.  Hooray for white meat chicken!!
3	After being disappointed that the Capriotti's on Sahara was closed, I walked around and came across this restaurant. When I first saw the store front, it listed that they had a dinner buffet from 5pm to 10pm - woo-hoo! But when I walked in, it turns out that they didn't have a buffet for dinner (at least for the night I came in - minus one star for false advertising!).It's okay though, because I ended up ordering the Vegetarian Thali, which is almost like a mini buffet in itself - Palak Paneer, Channa Masala, Rice, Pakora, Naan... And Kheer! It was all very good! I especially liked the Channa Masala.The interior of the restaurant was clean and well lit. Service was attentive - I always had a full glass of water.
4	India Oven serves above average traditional South Indian cuisine. One caveat: I've frequented here multiple times with a South Indian boyfriend and an Italian American boyfriend, and the experience is miles apart. The food was always fresh, hot, and mind blowingly spicy and flavorful with South Indian boyf, while comparatively cold and mild with Italian boyf.  Discriminatory practices aside, the mulagatani soup is always peppery and  flavorful, mango lassis are perfectly salted, the garlic naan and samosas are perfectly crispy, and (usually) the vindaloos and masalas are ultra flavorful. I recommend ordering extra spicy (think 8 if you usually order a 5 or 6), as they seem hesitant to load up on flavor if an American palette is present. Also, I prefer dinner to the lunch buffet (sometimes the lunch tray food is cold/old).Addendum: They offer good fish and egg curry.
4	I came here with a group of about 11 people. We were quite the multicultural, quirky group of artist types, ranging in age from 20s to 40s, and each of us enjoyed the restaurant.  The food was great, and the waiters were attentive and polite even though a large group like ours isn't easy to manage sometimes.  The naan (bread) was so delicious; and I was able to dip it in each of four different sauces (one being ketchup!).   I also had the cheese naan- equally good.  My dinner was chicken korma (forget eating vegetarian that night!) which was awesome, but I was too full to finish it.  I would definitely come back, although I have to say that I am not from that area and got a little nervous about the characters hanging around or walking through the plaza. As a woman I  don't know how safe I'd be in that area alone at night.  But the plaza and parking areas were well-lit.
4	Yes, okay, so the waiters don't smile.  That seems par for the course at every Indian restaurant I've been to, no big deal.  They were out of the mushroom matar, but the Palak Paneer was so tasty that I didn't mind.  We were there with one friend who hadn't had a chance to try a lot of Indian food, so my friend and host ordered an appetizer sampler, three types of naan, and we shared.  It was a fantastic experience, everything was yummy.
2	Awful food. Cold. I came with a group of friends and were wight pissed off. Expensive. Less quantity. I would not recommend.
2	I stopped here for lunch with my family as we were passing through Las Vegas. We thought it would be nice to have the lunch buffet. Once inside, we found the buffet to be steeply priced ($10.95). That would have been okay if the food had been well-prepared and tasty. Unfortunately, the samosas and pakoras were dried out, the dishes were bland and unappetizing. Only the naan was decent, but still I've had much better lunch buffets at Indian restaurants for around $8. A disappointment.
2	This place is overpriced and the food was very mediocre. The chicken looked so bad that I only decided to go for the vegetarian dishes. The Naan bread was partly cold and not crispy. Bah! I had better Indian food. I think the best indian food in town is the Himalayan. Unfortunately they don't have lunch buffet anymore.The only good point: the place looked clean.
2	I should've known this meal was hopeless when our waiter brought my dining companion non-alcoholic beer instead of the real thing.  Thankfully he did not make this mistake with the wine however it still puzzles me as to why he brought the bottle to the table for inspection but did not think to also bring an implement for opening it. The chicken tikka masala was almost passable but the assorted appetizers we ordered were pretty woeful. A tiny little plate of dried up little bites, almost indiscernible in flavor from one to the next.Suffice it to say, India Oven is not worth putting on your list of "must dine at" spots in Las Vegas!
1	i would love to give it zero stars if I could, (Yelp? maybe a feature you can implement??) anyway, bottom line I WISH i'd stopped by here and read the reviews before plunking down $26 on 2 lunches we could never get back!!food is disgusting, bland, tasteless, hopeless, worse than mediocre, and I could go on and on.there were total of 5 dishes, and rest of the lunch buffet was filled with lettuce, onions, chutneys, yogurt dips with no real veggies to actually dip in. the samosas were leaking of oil, pakoras were nasty didn't taste like pakora batter but stuffed with some dal of some sort to save money, the curries were GROSS ugh!!! and when u enter, u see all these awards plastered on the walls??/ who is handing these out???don't go here...its full of retards serving nasty food that'll make u barf whether u're hung over or not.
3	2.5 stars really, overall ... meh sums it up.The whole thing just lacked flavor, which Indian food is all about, right?  We went to thier brunch buffet the food was ...meh, the deco was ...meh, the service was good the waiter friendly, there were not many people here when we came usually that is a bad sign. Its was only $10 each for all you can eat so we didn't feel it too overpriced like most things in vegas.
2	Meh.  This was OK but not amazing by any stretch.  The service was almost as uninspired as the food. . .Although the food was passable, it was relatively bland -- a bad thing for Indian.  I also wasn't too impressed with the vegetarian options here, which is a definite warning sign on anything Indian.  Most items on the menu were over-priced for the size and flavor.  Good destination for hungry Strip-goers; not the go-to spot for quality Indian.
3	When we pulled into the parking lot... I was skeptical to be sure. But inside, clean-tastic decor from the 80's abounded. The posse of owners presumably, were very amicable and did not kick us out even though we were there just before closing. Samosa's were decent and palak paneer appropriate. Garlic naan a PLUS. But cheesy decor and too attentive wait staff made India Oven exactly what it was for us- a last resort for Indian Cuisine.
3	The samosas were good. Chicken and prawn tikka masala had some flavor to it. The Naan was just heavenly. Indian food is the type of food that you eat when you are in the mood. The service is OK. They also have a lunch buffet. However, the prices for dinner menu can get a bit expensive.
2	Well, just had dinner there an hour ago, tried it because of a friend's recommendation.  I have to say it was just okay- a little more than what we would've spent if we had gone to India Palace.The veggie samosa was very good, spicier than most I've had, the chicken tikka masala was good and the aloo matter ( they spelled it mutter) was alright too, but the mixed tandoori was quite a disappointment..little pieces of chicken, lamb and ONE prawn which they forgot to actually put on the plate and brought it out later! Not to mention when I split my lamb, it was still raw inside...meh...Should've kept to our original plan and gone back to Indian Palace...oh well $88 bucks gone and we live and learn...
4	I'm not big on Indian food, but I have a friend that swears bye this place. Being new to the area I went with her and I have to say it was pretty good.I only had the Nan, veggie samosas, and a taste of her entree (some kind of eggplant dish that was really good). I wasn't incredibly hungry but everything looked good.I also tried King Fisher which was an amazing beer, the service was friendly and went out of their way to make sure we were good, I'm pretty sure my water glass never got below 1/2 empty.I will be going back to hit up the full menu some time soon
3	This used to be one of my favourite places to eat indian food.  I would always get the veggie thali and a chai.  They are very nice there.
2	Only 2 high chairs in this restaurant?  My son just sat on our laps the entire time.  Not even sure if one opened up while we were here but we never ended up with one nonetheless.What's up with being so stingy with the nan?  We get a basket to start but there's not enough and then you wait 20 minutes later for another one???Food selection is very slim too.  There's gotta be better options in Vegas...
3	Amazing chana masala and the spice levels were very good - exactly what I ordered, and it was hot!  Overall breads were good as well, and the food was the main reason to go here.  Service could have been much better and it is a somewhat sketchy location next to a "massage parlour".
5	I like the lunch buffet here and they offer great service. Surprisingly nice decor. One of the waiters let us pester him with our ignorant questions about India for a good long while. This place is a gem. I read a review about some high chair problems. looks like they were expecting a authentic Indian restaurant to be like an applebeese with 10 high chairs and crayons to draw with. My advice, stick with the big chains if that's what you are looking for.
3	I went here with a couple of friends for the Lunch Buffet on a Tuesday.The decor and service are excellent. The platter was not extravagant but decent. May be we have just been spoiled by other buffets. The samosas were tasting good but were cold. Rest of the dishes all tasted the same. The ingredients changed but the taste was the same, both vegetarian and non-vegetarian. For a restaurant, that has advertised all over LV bus shelters and supposedly been the best Indian Restaurant from 2001-06, it was quiet a disappointing buffet. But otherwise, there neither anything right nor anything wrong with the food. Just Okay.Will try the Ala Carte and may be that'll change my opinion.
5	I don't understand the negative reviews. We arrived later in the evening shortly before they were closing, but the owner was gracious enough to  serve us. The servers were very attentive. I ordered the chicken tikka masala and it was delicious. I also loved the mango lassi. I particularly love hot spicy foods, and their level of spice did not disappoint.
4	This is good a place as it gets close to the strip. The best is the lunch buffet. The evening experience is average.The food quality is very good. The owner is mostly there and a very friendly person.
3	Used to be a huge Indian snob when I lived in LA and was a Vegan.  Indian is some of the only food Vegans can actually go out to eat and rest assured that certain dishes won't contain butter, eggs or cream.  If you are Vegan--this is not the restaurant for you.  It did however, have lots of vegetarian options.  Nothing extraordinary--but it was a buffet.  I think typically one must drop a little expectation for the convenience of super fast and simple lunch options.  The naan bread was awesome!!  I found the server quite attentive.  He filled my water probably 4 times in the hour.  I would go back for lunch.
3	I have been going here for a few years and it is kind of a love hate relationship. They are consistent and the food is some of the best Indian food in town but the service is usually terrible and they are very expensive. I do prefer them over Gaylord at the Rio which has a much nicer dining room but it is even more expensive than India Oven. I wish Yelp had half stars, I would give this place 2.5
2	Not bad, but wheres the meat???If you're vegan, ok. Had the buffet and vindaloo,with almost no meat.Cheapo's here think chicken is expensive or something!
3	Overall review for the lunch buffet: mediocre but reasonably priced ($10-11).The buffet has a decent selection of rotating Indian dishes, but they are all surprisingly spice-less.  The Tandoori chicken was a little dry with a surprising lack of flavor; the curry goat and curry chicken -- muted flavor and spice-less; the palak paneer (spinach with cheese) -- nicely creamy, but a little too buttery and spice-less; the samosas -- deliciously crispy, but (you guessed it) spice-less; the chana masala (chick peas in masala sauce) was probably the highlight of the buffet, but also spice-less.  On a positive note, they do offer free naan with the buffet.  And naan does make everything better.  That said, if the location wasn't so convenient to downtown and the northern end of the strip, I probably wouldn't go back.
1	This place was a little scary, and I must have really been craving indian food, since I ended up eating here..  To start things off there was no one there on a Friday night at 7pm.  Pink lights set the mood for an interesting meal, as I really couldn't see the food that I was eating.  The combo includes Naan, a drink, and an entree.  I had the chicken vindaloo,and the garlic Naan.  The Naan was decent, but the vindaloo left a lot to be desired.  I could have made a better vindaloo on my own.  There was one small potato and no pearl onions in the dish.  The service was non existent;  the decor was hilarious with the pink lights and the deer head hanging on the wall in the dinning room.  I think that the owner must have been on some really strong drugs when he was decorating this place.  I will definitely not be returning to this restaurant, and my quest for excellent indian food in Vegas will continue. .
2	We went to India oven after trying mint a couple of times, which by the way great restaurant with good food and decent price.The ambience wasnt great, waiter seemed like traditional Indian gujju broken english. We ordered two vegeterian dishes dinner format that includes one naan and half rice ($18 each). Price was hefty but food was good. However the service was pathetic. There were couple of different people serving the table without proper communication withing themselves. We asked the first waiter for togo boxes for our left over food, however different waiter showed up and started to trash the food. We asked for an additional naan togo and that different waiter came back without naan even though they charged for it. When I asked about the naan he said he was not not told as if it was my duty to tell each time a different waiter shows up. All in all I wont recommend this place if you are looking at a good experience.
5	I go here every week with my husband and a group of friends.  I've noticed there are some negative reviews on here, and that came as a big surprise to me.  My husband and I have had Indian food in many different states and even different countries around the world.  After traveling around the world to find the perfect curry, I can tell you that this is the best.  I have not had better Indian food.  Truly.
3	We went here for dinner last weekend. We had been once before many years ago and liked it quite a bit, but never got around to coming back. We happened to be in the neighborhood and decided to give it another try. As we were entering, the Mayor was exiting. He shook our hands, and I asked him how his meal was. He said it's always excellent, so I'm guessing he's a regular. The main thing I remember from our previous visit to India Oven is how good the naan was. The naan was pretty good this time, but not quite as good as I remembered it. It was large and looked like elephant ears. It was a little burnt on the bottom. However, I liked that better than the naan I've recently had at other places which has tended to be underdone. For our entrees we got the lamb korma and paneer tikka masala. I liked the lamb korma quite a bit. It had large pieces of tender lamb and a tasty sauce. The paneer tika masala was good but not particularly memorable. My wife had the mango lassi. She said it was good, and she's pretty picky about her mango lassi. At the beginning of our meal, they gave us papadum with mint and tamarind chutneys. The papadum was good but nothing special. I wasn't crazy about the mint chutney. It was okay, but I've had much better. I'm not a fan of tamarind chutney in general, so I'm not going to comment on that. We also asked for an order of the assorted pickles which they served with the papadum and gave it to us free. It was interesting but super salty. It reminded me of Mexican salted prunes. I'm glad I tried it, but I don't think I'd try it again. We split some raita which was pretty decent. Overall, I enjoyed the meal, but I probably won't be back for awhile as there are other Indian restaurants in town that I prefer.
5	I've come here with a group of friends every year for the past 7 years and weve never been disappointed. I was really surprised to see an average of three stars. If you like your dishes on the spicy side let them know, overall their food tends to be milder than other indian restaurants in the area. I usually leave having eaten way too much but its so good you just keep eating!
4	This review is based on my first time eating at an Indian place!Went to this place as a suggestion from my friend,jon, who loves this place.Went on a Friday night and it was pretty empty. There was about 5 parties there ranging from 1 to 6 people pet table.The staff seemed pretty bored, which added to the boring ambience. There's nothing that makes it scream, "Indian restaurant". Our wait staff was pretty good, always there when we needed.They gave us a little too much time to over view the menu.I'll start off with the appetizers.There's a complimentary plate of a baked type of chip? That's served with 2 different sauces. One was sweet and red like a thin chutney. The other was spicier and green like a salsa verde. Overall it reminded me of chips and salsa. We ordered meat Samosas to start. They're pretty much ground beef empanadas with Indian seasonings. Overall it was good, but definitely not a stand out I'd go back for. Very mild.I ordered a tasting dinner.This came with: basmati rice, naan, a goat curry, a chicken curry, and a shrimp curry. It was also served with a cool, cucumbery, white sauce and a sweet dessert cup.The portions were good; enough to share.Although it was all really good.. The food definitely tasted like it just came out of serving pots. The only one that seemed like the meat was stewed in the curry was the goat. The chicken and shrimp servings came off as if the chicken or shrimp was added into the sauce before being brought out. Also, the three different curries seemed to be of varying heat. The goat was most mild, then the chicken, and then the shrimp being the spiciest. I'd definitely recommend getting this "meat dinner" if you've never had Indian food. You get a little taste of everything.The menu was definitely hard to understand. There's one goat,  one veggie, one seafood, and one chicken section each with about 6-8 different options to have your choice of entree in.The descriptions really don't give any idea of what to expect from what you order. I.e. Chicken in spicy curry sauce VS. Chicken in very spicy curry sauce.I hated the seating of this place. They should definitely get a new interior designer. The tables are so close with no booths! I felt like I was unintentionally eaves dropping everyone's conversations.For food: I'd definitely give the food a 4.5 out of five. The only complaint would be my food wasnt served completely piping hot. One dish was warm while the others weren't ect. But taste was definitely awesome! All the curries were different like I ordered three different dishes and eating with naan or rice changed the tastes too.Service: 4 out of 5. It was satisfactory and I have no complaints, but nothing spectacular.Price: 3 out of 5. I'm a huge fan of Thai curry, but it just doesn't seem worth it for the price. My meal with one mango lassi(which was underwhelming) and Samosas($7) was about $45. It's about 2 cups of curry, rice, and naan for $21-24 dollars. I would definitely go back! But only when I want to splurge. I'd rather go get Thai curry :]
3	My Girl loves her some Indian food, so she suggested (by waking me up) that we should go to India Oven for lunch and then some java afterwards. Myself I am not too big on Indian restaurants, so far I have limited exposure to them and the few I have been to recently have not really been that great. However, being the open-minded boyfriend I am, I gave it the good fight and went along with her idea.It was lunch time and they has a small All You Can Eat Buffet for I think it was $10 or $11. BTW It took me a bit to catch on that when people on yelp were saying AYCE, they meant "All You Can Eat"... yea I guess I can be slow sometimes and BTW means "By The Way" just in case... grins~ ok back to the subject. LoL - "Laughs Out Loud" ;pAs I was saying the buffet was small and limited and ranged from dried up meat kebabs to nice tender Chicken Tikka Masala, A mutton stew, along with the various vegetarian dishes like Palak Paneer (spinach and farmers cheese), Sabji Samosas (vegetable fritters), Daal Makhni (creamed lentils) and a few others. So overall the buffet was home to maybe 12-15 items and their Naan bread does rock. My girl also ordered the Sweet "Lassi" homemade yogurt drink, which she loved.It was slow so the waiter was always there when we needed a drink refill and was courteous when doing so. Our bill came to $31 and some change for the two of us, which is not bad for a lunch out to try something different, but I still have to say I have yet to try for myself an Indian Restaurant in Las Vegas that I could not wait to go back to eat there again.That said, I am sure that many of you would enjoy the food, especially the vegetarian assortment of dishes and my girl says the dinner menu is better.Best Regards,James "Culinary Schmooze" Williams
4	I've been going to this restaurant for years. I love the chicken tiki masala. The naan is fresh and delicious. For a treat I will have the mango lassey. The buffet is good, but it lacks variety. I prefer to eat here at night.
4	The food was outstanding, the service was good, the price was high. I was in no way disappointed by the quality, presentation or ANYTHING about India Oven, but the price for entrees here is shocking, particularly when rice or breads are not included in it.  Treat yourself to the food here, just cope ahead of time with the $30 per person price for lunch. The decor is nice generic white tablecloth, the building unremarkable and the location not upscale, so these can't be the cost basis.  Maybe the buffet is cheaper, but I ordered from the menu so I could get the amazing onion bagee and a standard, but non-buffet entree, which was $17.  FYI, the little strip mall it's in is a pit--without having reached graffiti and boarded-up window status--but the food was stunning!  If you like/eat Indian food as much as I do, you'll want to visit India Oven.  If it weren't for the entree prices, I'd have given it 5 stars.
3	Pricy and ok tasting. Is close to stratosphere and the only nearby one so I chose to go here. There are others in a mile or so.
4	I would classify it as an upscale Indian Restaurant - nice interior, tablecloths, cloth napkins, lot of silverware, etc...Food was excellent but I think over priced.  Service in general was good but it took a long time for the food to come out even though it wasn't crowded.  Curious because we sent one of the dishes back because it was too spicy and a replacement came back fairly quickly which made us wonder why our original order took so long - like half an hour.
4	I was here for a lunch buffet because our boss kindly decided to treat us to a free lunch. This review is written with consideration that a buffet will never be quite as good as a freshly prepared meal, and I have taken this handicap into account. Bottom line-- they did a pretty decent job. The tandoori chicken was not the juiciest but it wasn't the dryest either. Some places have a tendency to screw up the coloring and turn the chicken pink but this place got it right, and the spices were intact too. They were flame grilled just right. I also thought the kabobs were pretty solid.The biryani was so-so but it definitely tasted better than some of the other places I have had in town. I was impressed with the vegetable curry-- lots of sliced vegetables and rich, spicy curry. The yellow dahl (lentil soup like dish) was a bit runnier than I would have liked but it was actually seasoned pretty well. The channa masala (garbanzo beans curry) tasted just like the one I have been eating for years at my parents house. The tandoori naan was cooked just right and had that crunchy singe on the edges. The green chutney was thick and spicy, as it should be. I think if I were to try them for dinner that I would like them even more. For a lunch buffet, this is a solid choice, worth looking at.
2	Bad service high prices. This place gets overcrowded during long weekends.I went for a lunch buffet, had to wait 30 mins for naan. If they want to serve lots of people during holidays they should increase their staff to provide a Better service.Food is average, very limited options considering the price they are charging.Only advantage they have is very few Indian places in town.
2	This is one of the places that I really wanted to try this time around and I was some what unhappy. I wanted a specific item for take out, but was told that I could only eat the lunch buffet if I wanted, so I did. The selection was very, very limited. The rice had hard things in it. The chicken was pretty good. But the service was a little slow, and you really had to catch someone just to get a drink refill. The nan however was amazing and amongst the best I have ever had.
4	I had dinner here on a Tuesday night in October, 2012.The place was not full.  At around 8 pm there were only about ten people at various stages of dinner.  The restaurant layout was nice with neat and comfortable tables and chairs, but it can't be said to be extravagant.I had chicken vindaloo, and the meal tasted very good.  The side dishes (salad, naan, and dessert were good too.  I went to the McDonalds right next door for my after-dinner coffee.  Service was so-so.  In other words, normal for Indian restaurants.I used the bus that night and the good news is that the restaurant is near the bus line that will take you back to the Strip.I'll come back again, but I'll avoid busy times (weekend nights) based on the other reviews.By the way, I wish that this website would post the reviews from the oldest to the newest.  That way, if a place, is much-improved you'll only read the most recent most relevant reviews.
4	The food here was really good and the staff was very friendly.  We were the only ones in the restaurant with a screaming baby and the owner came over to talk and he was very understanding and nice.  I will go back.
5	This place is great! Although, I prefer the entrees at Mynt Indian Bistro... I absolutely loved the Tea, appetizers and soup. I would completely love to go back for a second time. I do feel like the entrees are a little pricey for the size, but I can tell they use quality ingredients.
4	good awesome fresh food. we ate at this place all the 4 days we stayed in las vegas. Good portion and quality food. awesome paneer tikka masala and naan bread. They say best bread! i would recommend.
5	Some of the best indian food i've had in a long time. Lots of vegetarian options. Excellent food.
2	My husband and i are biiig foodies ..Pakistani and indian food is no 'new' for us..this place is average..living in SF, i used to get a dish for $7.95 /that would feed two ppl/ with the most amazing taste ..and this place is..BLAH .unless u have good company that would take your mind off of that food..is not worth your money or time..If you are new to the amazing flavors of pakistan or india..then it is ok to try..otherwise..BLAH..
4	Excellent authentic Indian food. Reasonably priced as well. Nice atmosphere.
1	"I don't no what happen..but..the food here was blah! Rice is not included with d main dish..not right. Rip off..don't bother"
3	This is a good old Las Vegas standby and I've been known to dine here when in a pinch. The pinch is usually that I don't feel like eating anywhere else. If I could review the restaurant scene in Vegas in general, it would not do well, that's for sure.There is nothing wrong with the service but sometimes they just don't seem to get it right. If there is one thing I don't like in my Indian food, it's when it's over spiced. I specifically remember asking them not to do that and when I took the first bite I realized they did it anyway. Now I'm not one to shy away from spicy but if it's the only thing going on in my mouth then I'm not going to like it.I had the Aloo Ghobi Masala: Cauliflower and potatoes cooked with onions, tomatoes, and spices. It's too bad they don't tell you what spices and for $12.95 it was remarkably overpriced. In fact, I think this whole place is overpriced. Otherwise, it was very flavorful and I would have given them another star just for that but the spiciness killed it for me.I'm willing to give them one more chance though. Maybe on the next visit they'll listen to me and give me what I want, not what they think I should have. There really is good Indian food out there where the spice doesn't overwhelm. I just know it.
5	This is by far the best Indian Restaurant in town!  It's been around for awhile too.I remember going to the old location before they moved to the new location.  The service is still the best and the food is still wonderful like it always has been.  If your looking for Indian food then don't waste your time going anywhere else.  At least you can rest assured that you will get what your looking for at a fair price here.  This time I used the Yelp offer $15 or $25 and they gladly accepted it with no problem.  It's always good to eat something different every now and then.  I have no complaints and will recommend India Oven to others!
2	This place was great YEARS ago when they were on Sahara. Things have changed since they moved. I remember eating here a few years ago and the food was bland. Things haven't changed. All of our dishes looked like the dish but tasted like nothing. On a higher note, the naan was amazing!!!!PROS: On Restaurant.com             The NaanCONS: Chicken Korma - tasteless sauce             Lamb Seekh Kebab - one flavor overpowered the entire dish             Baingan Bharta - needed more flavor in general.
3	Lunch buffet for 10.95. It was ok meal. Nothing special. Naan was yummy and fresh, the rice not so much . I liked the goat curry from buffet
2	Tasteless! The food is tasteless (vindaloo, masala). First time tasteless Indian. Moreover just a single "slice" of bread included. It is also overpriced. Man very nice, girl very unfriendly. The quality if raw material I think is good, but the overall result really disappointing
5	This place is SO good. Fantastic naan, samosas, and buffet. The service was excellent too. We got an order of chicken tikka masala to go and the owner gave us a free order of naan to go with it. Highly recommended!
3	Lunch buffet: of all vegetarian dishes, all but saag paneer were tasteless. Naan was very good though, fresh and plentiful.
5	Bye far one of the better Indian food places I have been to Chicken wings with dipping sauce -- OMG the sauce is amazing caught myself dipping the naan bread into it. Chicken samsosa - was good just a little less stuffing but greatGreen and red sauces -- the green dipping sauce was soo good almost tomateo salsa like and the red wing was amazing Also had chicken tandorri -- really good not dry can pull apart chicken. Dessert naan Overall very excited to learn about this place, really great food spices and all. I have been craving Indian food since I got introduced in Phx. This beets them hands down. Will be back Great taste, Great Flavor etc..
4	I love their samosa chaat, every time I'm in Vegas I just go here for samosa chaat. It's amazing!
5	The food here has never disappointed me.The service is excellent, they adjust the level of spice to your liking, and the food is worth the price.The naan is especially good and the papadum is good.My favorite dish is the lamb vindalu, but the saag paneer and the basmati are also very good.The dishes are small, but it's the same way in all the other Indian restaurants.The atmosphere is a little upscale (white table cloths, nice flatware and silverware) and the lighting is on the dark side, which I like.All-in-all a very nice Indian experience.I saw a buffet table, but they said that it was for lunch.I'll have to go back and try that out.
4	Sure, this place may not being the best of the best Indian, but I would recommend this place if someone was looking for an Indian food.I was on business trip alone, so I didn't want to dine alone in the restaurant so I started to look around what I should have for To-Go.Indian food came in to my mind so I yelped.   I had a very specific request.  My request was something that wasn't on the menu, I wanted to have Keema Chicken.   so, I called 2 other places before I landed to the India Oven.   The first 2 places I called, both said No, can't make keema chicken because it's not on the menu.   And finally I called India Oven, I asked the same question, he said "No problem, we can make Keema chicken for you"   That's the attitude!   Keema chicken normally is NOT on the menu at many Indian restaurants.  It is because Keema(means ground/minced) chicken is more like home cooking and not really the type of food that the restaurants serves. (I don't know why they shouldn't!) As I eat alots of Indian food and know exactly what I wanted to eat, I didn't even check the menu.  I ordered Keema chicken, Plain Naan, Rice, Papadums and Raita. Their Keema chicken was good.  A lots of ginger as I expected.  Exactly what I had in mind.  I wish they put green pees but was not a big deal. Papadum was spicy and crispy.  I ordered extra so that I can snack tomorrow night!!   Naan was great, fresh and chewy. Just as Naan bread should taste.  I stick with plain, I don't like those Garlic and the other flavor ones because I want to taste the floury doughy Naan.  It was really good.  I only wish if they didn't use so much oil when they bake the Naans but not a big deal, I liked it alot.  Like I said in beginning, There are better Indians all over the country and I had a better one before.  Anywayz, My bottom line is,  If you ask something off the menu and they still accommodate you,  that's right there they earned a good score and  some good reviews.   That's the way a good service supposed to be like. Kudos to them and that's why I give 4 stars.  (I often order something off the menu, there are some restaurant that are happy to do that for you and this place is one of them) The interiors/decor are pretty cheesy typical Indian style.  Almost like decor in 80s. But we all have places to enjoy atmosphere already, this place isn't that kind.  Again, It is highly recommended.  I would definitely go back.  The staff were all nice and friendly, the owner came out and said hi to me too and I was just a To-Go customer.
3	Mango lassi is the only thing enjoyed here. Their lunch buffet is alright. It has 4 vegetarian and 4 non vegetarian for $10.95. They only offer naan. Wish they offer garlic naan.
4	When you enter Indian Oven, you may notice a strange smell. Ignore that. You may notice little man-puppets in the walls, don't ignore that, because they are cool. You may also notice that the staff is friendly, this is because they are cool dudes. At this point, you may notice the prices are a BIT high for what it is, but ignore that for now too. So you ordered, and your food is at your table. Take note of how amazing it is and how you are transported to the gates of heaven. There you will see an angel at the entrance, he will ask your name. You tell him. He looks through a book, and starts to get annoyed. "Oh damnit" he mutters. "You're eating at Indian Oven aren't you?" he asks. You tell him yes, and he asks you to please stay out of the main entry line, this happens often when people eat at Indian Oven.  You will return to your body, and your body will be happy for what it has inside of it. Yes, the prices were a juuuuust a tiny bit high, but it's vegas, and you could have wasted even more money on a place that totally sucks. You will get up, and leave a tip. Bow to the waiter, bow to the owner, exit the building.
5	A friend suggested this joint and I was not really sure what to expect. I was pleasantly surprised, this is the best Indian food I've had in Las Vegas! We enjoyed the garlic naan, chicken tikka masala, and aloo gobi and it was all amazing! I can't wait to go back and do it all over again.
2	Stopped by for some Indian style tea ($3.50) in the early evening hours. The place was completely empty and they were just getting setup for the evening service yet it took more than 30 minutes to prepare three cups of tea to go. Taste wise it was a major let down. To begin with it was made without sugar and we were expected to add it separately much like English tea. I've never seen this anywhere else as Indian tea is always sweet and you specifically have to ask for no sugar if you want is separately. Apart from that there was no ginger or cardamom so it had a very flat taste. A complete waste of time that I will not repeat.
1	I'm actually half indian, so I know a bit about indian food. I totally love indian buffets because there is always SOMETHING to eat. NOT HERE....besides everything being out and soggy and cold and DRY tandoori chicken that was ridiculous.The samosas were oily. There was nothing worth eating. How can you make a curry that tastes like NOTHING? I mean, really?Also, they definitely overcharge for this buffet. Is it because this is Vegas? Not sure I know why they would charge for so a meager buffet that isn't really good.Well, one time, that's it. I won't be going back...in fact, I was tempted to call my credit card company and stop payment.... :)Oh, it also did NOT help that there was an annoying man at a nearby table selling some Multi Level Marketing scam at these innocent people...he was so loud we heard every word of his conversation, I wonder if he called Clarence back?The waiter/greeter/whatever knew this man was annoying the other diners, but was AFRAID to approach him and tell him to stop talking on his cell phone on SPEAKERPHONE... whatever. I don't write reviews to be mean. I write lots of good ones when I am happy. But when you give them the opportunity to fix things and they just do nothing, well, that's just not acceptable.
4	Had a very small Buffet Item line, for lunch, but it was overall good, and very quiet inside. What I really Appreciated was the amount of Naan they supplied our table with, was pipping hot and very good! Since we were a bigger party, they made sure that their was enough Naan togo around and were not stingy about it. The Marasala was good, the Samosas were actually fresh and had just come out. It's hard to get fresh food at the buffet, but it was good that we came at time when the food must have just been out. over all yum stuff!
5	I visited the restaurant at 6 in the evening. There were good number of people.We initially planned to pick up food, but looking at the ambience we decided to dine in.The food was good. Service was excellent. We had ordered 2 curries which had the same ingredients. The manager was kind enough to let us know that both would taste the same. So we changed one of the curries.The staff is very courteous. This is the best part about this place.I would recommend this place to everyone.Price is decent. $25 per person average.
4	One of my favorite places to eat Indian Food!  I've tried other places , but the Chicken Tekki Masala here is always the best.  Perfection is more like it and probably my favorite dish here. Of course you have to have the rice and some garlic and cheese nan.  Oh and to start the mango chutney is always a must aswell!  For sure this place remains my favorite place!
