4	We had heard about the Smart Paws on Rancho a long time ago and were excited to find out they were opening one on our side of town. It's inside the Diablo Industrial Center. Today was our first time, they've only been open less than 2 weeks so they don't have all of their equipment yet but they are ready to tire out your pup. The facility is nice and big with separate  rooms for training, play, resting, etc. Danielle was the trainer on today and she was really informative about my pups behavior throughout the day. I believe the other girls name working was Izzy, she was super sweet. You can tell they both love dogs. I felt confident leaving my precious dog with them.We chose to do the bootcamp style daycare. He got time on the treadmill to get some energy released, did clicker training with leash walking and got some ball playing in as well. He was happy and tired when I picked him up, they even showed me some of his new tricks before we left. Prices are discounted for August, but I believe it'll be $25 for a full day of daycare and $45 for full day of boot camp. Their hours right now are 7am to 6pm Monday thru Friday. They hope to add weekends and overnight boarding in the future. I think I'm as excited about this new place as my dog is!
3	Very disappointed.  I had it all worked out to have a youngster in puppy kindergarten, then 30 min later, an adult in Basic obed.  Well, when the puppy class didn't fill up, they cancelled it.  It took me 45 min combing through their website trying to find the new South address, which by then, missed the first class.   You can forget anyone answering their phone also.  I had an hour & half from the time I left home with my dog, to the start of class.  When I realized I'd left without the address, I figured I had plenty of time to find it......not true!   What business makes their address so difficult to find?  It was in tiny print on their homepage.  I left at least 5 phone messages requesting the address, it now the next day, I still have heard nothing from them.  Now....will be waiting for my refund.   I'm sure it's a good facility, my fault that I didn't take the time prior to leaving ( like hours prior) to search & search for their address.
1	I entered the facility with my 6 mo old pup and she desperately wanted to leave.  There was no one there to greet us.  I waited several minutes in the lobby, no one.  I decided to go to the back and still couldn't find a staff person.  I was horrified to see that a dog was on the treadmill unsupervised!  All of the other dogs were in kennels.  I went next door to the office and there was the trainer hanging out.  I expressed my concern about the unsupervised dog on the treadmill and the trainer and the office person dismissed my concern.  It is a cold, unwelcoming place similar to the pound.  No way would I leave my precious girl there.  I envisioned a place where dogs could play and socialize and get some training as well.  Boy was I wrong.
5	I have been a client of Smarty Paws for about 3 years.  I was so pleased to see that they opened up a south location since I live in Henderson.  I have a 2 year old Standard Poodle that has been a basket case since I got her as a rescue at 4 months. We attended different types of classes, including agility, puppy and obedience with out much success. The poor dog would spend all of her time worrying where the other dogs were.  I started her  at boot camp two months ago.  She usually goes twice a week and what a difference it has made in her.  She no longer hides behind chairs and is learning obedience. I also have a Chihuahua rescue that is learning agility at boot camp and is quite a success story. When i pick them up I am given a "report card" and most often the trainers will show me videos they took of the dogs during their training. Smarty Paws staff are always helpful,knowledgeable, friendly and really like the dogs.  They do not believe in shock collars or other aversive training techniques.   This is money well spent as far as I am concerned!
