5	I used  Mike to have my tile cleaned and the pool drained and refilled. His customer service is amazing. Whether by email or phone. His prices are extremely good and the website has everything listed what you will be charged. I will not ever use another pool company. I found his company through a search on the web after being let down by 2 other companies, which I can say I am glad it happened.
1	Mike came as scheduled every Wednesday and was prompt with invoicing. I hired him for about a short period (a few months) this year. It was so short only because he quit before I could fire him.At the beginning, I was asked how I used my pool, and was asked to notify them before I was going to have a pool party ahead of time. At this time, my pool was perfectly clean, and keeping itself well groomed.The following week, the pool was not cleaning itself well. I noticed that the basket attached to the hose was 'bubbling' and making noise. Upon opening it, i saw that the o-ring was sticking out just slightly which was causing the issue. I fixed it, and the pool cleaned itself successfully.When I saw Mike next, I spoke to him in person. I was friendly and even mentioned that it seemed to be common oversight, one I had overlooked as well in the pastWhen I asked him to pay special attention to this, I was treated as if I was an annoyance, or getting in his way, when in fact I was merely expressing concern, as he, an alleged professional, had just overlooked a key piece of equipment. Instead of thanking me for my concern and oversight, he rudely insisted no less than 3 times that he did put it together correctly, notwithstanding the obvious failure to do so.Later on that day, I received a text message from Mike stating that "I don't believe your[sic] a good fit for me at his time so I'm canceling your service." and that "If you'd clean up your backyard a little bit you won't be having these pool issues and taking all the pool toys out." This is not only mistaken, as my yard is landscaped biweekly, but wholly unprofessional on his part.On Thursday June 19th I received the final invoice via email. I immediately scheduled a payment with my bank for a partial month of service ($58.75) which was mostly likely going to go out of my account on Monday the 23rd. On Sunday the 22nd, I received a second invoice again demanding payment. Finally on Tuesday June 24th, I received a third invoice, this one with a $20 late fee, which is not part of my contract.  In this notice, Mike stated that because the payment has not arrived within 5 days (of which two were weekend, non banking days) that he was going to "send it to collections" and "place a mechanics lien on [my] house." Bear in mind, I had already scheduled the payment, which I could have sent legally through the US Mail, taking much longer. As of June 24th, the payment has already left my bank. After confronting him about his 3 invoices and threats to my household, he has removed the $20 late fee.It is my opinion that Mike was and is rude, unprofessional, and conducts his business with a complete disregard for customer service and honest and/or reasonable business practices. He refused to take responsibility for his lapses in workmanship, harassed me with no legitimate basis, and threatened my home with frivolous legal action.I do NOT recommend this business.
1	Is there a negative stars option? There should be for this guy. He is rude, unprofessional and will attempt to charge you for services he hasn't even performed. I cant even comprehend how one can screw up a POOL CLEANING SERVICE, but this genius found a way. GO ELSEWHERE
