1	I went here for an eye exam which went well, I told the eye doctor I had itchy eyes  and was told she would give me a prescription for me to try for some relief. When I left they had forgoten to give me the script. I later called for the prescription and was told I would have to come in again for an exam, I told them I would not pay for another visit in order to get a script that was already promised. They still wanted me to come in again and pay a co pay for what? I will not be coming back to this place.
5	I recently got a reminder from Ocotillo Eye Care telling me it's time to get my eyes examined. It made me sad. This is one of the few things I really hate about relocating - having to leave a good provider. And Ocotillo Eye Care is an excellent provider, both in ophthalmology services and eye wear. Dr. Powell is great. I always felt my eyes were well cared for. But even better was his wife Brinna (I hope I spelled that right).Any woman will agree that, regardless of what the optometrist says, how the glasses look on your face is the most important reason to pick an eye care place. Brinna has the magic touch. She will spend whatever time is necessary finding the perfect specs. And she only orders one of everything so that you don't walk into others wearing your glasses all over town. (Take that, Lenscrafters mass-market approach) Further, when I've had trouble, even months later, I've gone in and had the problem immediately resolved.I can't say enough about the service I've gotten here, from walk-in to walk-out. They're fantastic!
4	My husband and I have been coming here for about 3  or 4 years.  We see Dr. Powell.  Everyone at the office is very pleasant and helpful, including the doctor.  We are always pleased with their service.
5	I am extremely pleased with the service here.  After having a disastrous experience at another optical store (large chain optical store) it is great to find an optical store who know what they are doing and have an excellent quality product.  I am very pleased with my 1.67 high index lenses, both in sunglasses that I purchased here and my normal everyday glasses.  Would highly recommend Ocotillo Eyecare.  Emily and Bronagh are awesome, extremely helpful and knowledgeable.   Will definitely be returning here.
2	Dr. Powell is great. We have been going there for 7 years and now considering switching. It is taking a long time for any appointments. This office is near Intel and is one of the few accept Intel's insurance, making this a very popular office to stop by. In addition, Dr. Powell is on vacation quite frequent, so leaving limited space for appointment. My kid's glass broke, her prescription also expired and we were not able to make an eye exam in 2 weeks, so we had to go to Target. Later, it happened couple times with emergent issues where appointment goes beyond 3 weeks. It seems that they do not care about their patients and tell me either wait of go to other places. I am OK to wait on normal exams, but with sudden problems, they are not accommodating.
2	Dont go here if friendly service is a priority.  The exam and glasses I received were fine but the personnel was less than friendly.  Out of the 4 people I dealt with, only one smiled and  was pleasant.  Dr Miller was thorough but cold, lecturing me repeatedly on incorrect eye care.  Once is fine, three times was condescending.  The woman that fitted my new glasses never greeted me or introduced herself.  She tried to sell me a lighter weight lens even though I told her twice that weight didnt matter.  Once I told her that I didnt want $700 glasses she went right to the cheapest material. She had an unpleasant attitude that continued a week later when I went to pick up my new glasses. I had seen Dr Ho at a different location last year and she was cold and distant also.  The short-haired woman with the Irish accent was the only person that was friendly and ever smiled.  Nobody was rude but they never acted friendly enough to want your business.  I believe there are plenty of places that can deliver good friendly service so I wont go here again.
