5	I have been a customer of Framin' Works for many, many years and have recommend them to all my friends.  The very first picture framed by Chris Maxwell was hung in our home then the rest of our pictures looked so awful.  Slowly one by one she replaced the framing on all our pictures and now our home is a show place for the Framin' Works quality.  Ms. Maxwell will also come into your home and hang the pictures she frames or rehang pictures you already have so they look their very best. I very highly recommend Framin' Works on Bell Road for all your framing needs.
5	Chris Maxwell has framed every single picture we have in our home!  Not only does Chris have a very skilled/talented eye for making your piece of art look even better, she is phenomenal at offering suggestions where that new piece would be at its best advantage in your home.  Chris understands customer service and she and Robert bring the very best to their business!
5	It's hard to find framers who are knowledgable and skilled in framing needlework.  I had a very old piece that I didn't want to trust with just anyone.  Chris and Robert did a superb job and I couldn't be happier with it!  Chris spent plenty of time with me selecting a frame would both highlight the needlework and look good in the room it would go in.  I would highly recommend Framin' Works on Bell!
5	Just used them for the first time and picked up my picture and it looks great. I was nervous because the picture is actually a family heirloom print on paper. It looks fantastic and I know it will be well protected and cherished for many years to come. Also, the service was great and friendly, price was reasonable and turnaround time was fast. I'll be using them from now on.
5	Absolute professionals. Chris runs a marvelous shop, and if you need quality, good, and affordable framing, stop by to see them. :).
2	Please update your hours on Yelp. We stopped by to get something framed at 5:32pm and you were closed even though it said 6pm on Yelp.
