2	The welcome was warm and the doors wide open when we went here for lunch. And I really liked the furnishings and fresh feel of the place from the get go. The Saturday lunch menu choice was small but mostly delicious. However, perhaps would benefit from better descriptionS. My lunch buddies seemed delighted with their choices and a warm, fuzzy glow seemed to fill our group. Fast forward half an hour or, when the doors that had been so welcoming at first stayed open, things had got a tad chilly. Admittedly, though, we were decidedly British and didn't mention it. It's just when customers start putting their coats on you'd think the staff might twig. All in all, OK but will look to try other places before going back
2	Not keen on this one. Doesn't have anywhere near the ambience of the Thistle Street branch. Food is meh, staff are pretty and act like it. Granted I only had the light bites, the menu didn't really have me itching to return.Zero atmosphere, all trying a bit too hard to be too cool for school. And in this neighbourhood, they're competing with the heavyweights. All in all a pretty blah post-sunday market option. I'll choose Hamiltons or Hectors in future.
3	Been here for lunch three times now and it's a great place for after the market. With a breakfast menu and the trademark bites menu there is a great variety of food to be had.Favourites bites have to be the pasty and the fish goujons. The haggis bon bons have also become a bar snack favourite.The bar itself is very cool, had a nice feel to it and the staff deliver a great level of service. For sure a place that does what it says on the tin.When only three stars? Although its all very nice the quality of the produce they are serving isn't up to much.
3	Wanted to try this especially as I love the one in town.  Was a great atmosphere however I think it's better to have food than drinks.  We tried to get a table for drinks but were told we could only have the table for an hour and a half and then we'd have to stand at the bar because there were lots of tables for food which had been reserved.  Felt a bit like we were in a restaurant rather than a pub!  Not exactly a relaxing evening because we had to watch our time!
2	Hmm, not really sold on this as a good place to have a drink. It's more set up as a restaurant. My friend and I were trying out various bars in Stockbridge as we never normally drink there and this one didn't quite hit the mark in terms of ambience. Not like Hamiltons did which manages both very well. No crisps! Bar food only or charcuterie meat which I watched the barman hack off a whole leg on the bar. Off putting! I had to order a bowl of chips to curb my munchies when some crisps would have done. You CAN get posh crisps you know..... Anyway, I've not eaten here so this rating just reflects my experience of it not being the best choice to just have a drink.
4	The original Bon Vivant on Thistle Street is one of my favourite spots in town and after a few visits, its Stockbridge sibling has lived up to my expectations and more.Inside it's effortlessly stylish. Decked out in wood, lit by candles held in old Whisky bottles and with Victorian meets Art Deco furnishings it's like a cross between a wild west saloon and somewhere you'd imagine Robert Louis Stevenson frequenting in Gothic Edinburgh but remaining very relaxing as well.Which is in no small part credit to the staff. They are always personable, friendly, timely and attentive without being at all intrusive.Their selection of beer is limited to a couple rotational ales and a further 3 or 4 beers on tap. The main focus here is on wines, spirits and cocktails. Their cellar is impressive with a huge variety of wines, spirits and some unique and original cocktails. If you're looking for somewhere for a quality drink, you can't possibly be disappointed.Likewise, there's little to fault with the food. The menu seems to change daily yet stay constantly creative. Offering a choice of dishes from small 'tapas' style sharers to larger options. All with a bias toward traditional, quality Scottish food and ingredients. I've yet to have any misgivingsThere's no shortage of great bars and pubs in Stockbridge and the Bon Vivant is not only a perfect 'fit' but a stand-out establishment.
5	Cute, crisp and a little quirky. You could be talking about the food or the decor. Wonderfully palatable bites give you delicately balanced flavours. Try the pork belly, haggis Bon Bons or the duck pate for starters. I came in at lunch time, very relaxing atmosphere. I imagine cocktails in the evening would bring in a different crowd. The ability to choose small bites (they have a delicious looking list of mains too) adds to the convivial ambience. Delightful, warm and atmospheric. Nice little touches with the candles in whisky bottles too.
