4	Just based on my opinion: Bashas is crap...Safeway is good, but tends to be expensive...Albertson's, meh...Food City, ICK!...AJ's is fabulous (if you're a millionaire-don't get me wrong, I like to buy a couple items on occasion, but you need serious moola to shop there on a regular basis). Out of all the grocery stores I could shop at I choose Fry's. I've been to several in the Valley & I like this one the best. It's especially nice that we live practically right next door.   This Fry's was re-modeled awhile back & definitely looks more updated than a lot of the others. Most of the employees have genial dispositions with the exception of a couple crab-balls (eh...every store is gonna have them). A decent selection of groceries, great prices, and regular discounts make this my favorite grocery store.
4	Truly a beautiful store. I really don't enjoy other grocery stores like I do this one. Go Fry's!
4	I like this place - it's close to my house, clean, friendly staff, items in stock... I love looking at their home decor section. The produce is overpriced sometimes though. The place gets crowded sometimes. The guy is never at the self checkout desk when I need him to add ice to my order. And there's no cell phone reception in the back of the store, which is seriously annoying when I'm on the phone with my husband trying to see if there's anything else I can pick up.
4	I love this grocery store because it has EVERYTHING!  It used to be a Smitty's if you remember those and it is very clean and organized.  Pretty typical Fry's.  The meat section is great and I don't know if it is the lighting, but their produce always looks so much nicer than the Neighborhood Walmart or Bashes down the street.  Today while I was there the bagger dude noticed that my sour cream had two coupons that were missed that were attached to them.  The woman was awesome because I told her not to worry about it and so she gave me $1.20 out of the register after the sale was over to make up for it.  AWESOME!!!!The only reason I didn't give it 5 stars was because when it is all said and done you do end up spending a bit more here than at above mentioned stores.  Also, today I found out they don't carry travel size contact solution?! Really?*This location has a gas station connected to it and offers a discount of $.10 per gallon on every $100 spent on grocery's.  It isn't major but when you have to eat and you have to buy gas it is always good to get a little back. -Love it!
5	Excellent place, super friendly staff. It's under construction.. remodeling it but still much better selection than "neighborhood Wal-Mart" for healthier organic foods.
2	The staff here is mostly young people. That's fine but the problem is they seem too busy chatting with each other to provide customer service. Even the manager that's always there when I go, his name is Conrad, does this. I've only ever seen him talk to employees. I go there all the time because it's close to my house and they have a good selection at decent prices. The recent remodel moved some things into better locations but some to worse, so that's a wash. Yesterday I was at the store and noticed 2 of my 5 items rang up for more than advertised. I complained and after a few minutes of investigating they said the sign was for a sale that ended the day before. I'm pretty sure it's illegal to advertise a price and ring up another. If I had more than 5 items I wouldn't have noticed. I was there at 6pm. How many people that day bought that item and paid the higher price? Probably several. They also close down the self checkout lines later in the evening, around 830pm. Why? Some of us prefer to use that because the staff stinks. If they close them to encourage customer interaction with the staff why not tell the staff to interact with the customers instead of each other? It was 830pm when I was there and Conrad, the manager, was having the cashier count out her drawer. I stood there waiting. The cashier and Conrad both ignored me for 5 minutes while they did this. When they were done no apology was offered, instead I was treated as if I had just walked up. In short, the food is good and the prices are competitive but the staff leaves a lot to be desired. It makes it seem like no customer service training is given for any employees. If they were focus on the customer they could be the best store around. But as it is  now you may as well go to any other store if it's closer to you.
2	Love the store they have very competitive prices on their organic products ( except for their apples!) They do need to try and expand their organic produce more(even though they've come a long way). I really think I would give them a 4 or 5 stars if it wasn't for their employees! They have Some of the rudest people I've ever come across working at check out.
4	Store was recently remodeled and a sushi bar and much larger natural foods section...LOVE IT! Store is always super clean and the employees are very helpful and kind.
5	Newly remodeled and looks amazing! The selection here is awesome. Everything from organic produce to a fresh sushi bar. The staff here is very friendly and always helpful. Prices are very reasonable and weekly sales are a great deal.Definitely this is my favorite local grocery store. Will always come back!!
5	Clean, friendly staff. Prices are good and I love the fuel points. Glad it is close to my house
1	Had a horrible experience today.  Although everyone is so pleased with the remodel, and so am I, there's ore to a store than looks, as I found out today.I rented a rug doctor and she asked if I wanted to keep it for an extra day at 10 dollars more.  At the time I didn't think i'd need it that long.  It turns out that I kept it another 3 days to do more work, thinking it would be 30 bucks.No!  These weasels actually tried to charge me 128 dollars!  Full price for each day!  It's not even worth that new!  That's like when video stores tried to charge 40 dollar late fees for a late movie!  I told them I wouldn't pay and he said i'd have to.  I said how could you possibly MAKE me pay? I have the CC and i'm not swiping the card.  He got frustrated and dropped it to a single day usage.  Then lectured me on reading fine print contracts.  Really?Isn't it the goal at the "Customer Service" desk to serve and make the customer happy and not argue with him but to come to a reasonable resolution??
