5	I went to this new dance fitness studio near where I work, I haven't ever done dance fitness so was nervous about trying something new, but I had such a great time. They let me try classes for free which is awesome so I don't have to commit to paying for a membership or paying for classes when I wasn't sure if I would like it or not. The owner was teaching the first class I took. She was super approachable, friendly, and has great energy. I definitely recommend it and will be back!
5	The folks who run Alter Ego Fitness are super friendly, professional, and the space is gorgeous! You feel like you're in your own private dance club at Alter Ego Fitness, with a fun, non-judgmental vibe. Among other classes, Crystal teaches Zumba, and it's the best class I've ever taken! The first week's free, go, you'll love it!
5	The place and instructors are fantastic!! Not only experienced, but beyond friendly with everyone who walks through the door; encouraging and teach a great and incredibly fun workout.  I've tried zumba and dance classes all  over the valley - honestly, nothing compares.  Whether your a beginner, or experienced dancer as myself, this place is a great fit.  Love it and would recommend to anyone
5	I've been going here since it opened and it's fantastic! Zumba with Crystal is like no where else! They are great about feedback and schedules and classes they offer. Try it! You won't regret it!
5	This is one of my favorite studios ever, for so many reasons. The classes are challenging but fun, and Crystal the owner has so much energy and passion, it makes you want to work hard and you don't even realize you are doing a crazy hard workout. I found this studio via Buti Yoga (which is an incredible, fun, sexy workout - google it if you're curious). I love the Buti classes here, but I even eventually branched out and started taking Zumba here. I'm traditionally I'm not much of a dancer/zumba girl, but Crystal's zumba classes are great and are the only zumba classes i will take.   Besides the classes being a great workout, what I love is that this studio is like a family. There are so many chill, down to earth cool women there. It's not pretentious at all. The instructors really put out a vibe of empowering women to feel sexy and beautiful while being healthy which makes it more than just a workout! These classes will transform you inside and out! Good stuff :)
5	Love Alter Ego, super awesome sound system, fantastic instructors, friendly place to get your fitness on!  Relaxed and friendly atmosphere. Perfect community studio.
5	Best instructors, high energy, great for all ages, shapes, and sizes!  Always feel so much better after taking one of their classes
5	This studio is the bomb! Let me tell you first of all, I am a studio whore, this girl gets down with some dance class shizzle.Ok so I'm new in town for a one year stint, and what is the first thing I google? Where to Zumba duh! (Or tap, but there is never any tap anywhere unless you are in L.A., why is that?)  The reason I picked this place is the location, close to me and after the last 8 years of commuting like forever to get to work I was all fuck that shit I'm not driving all over hell and back anymore!Anyhow, I am so glad I found this studio because the instructors are amaze-balls, and I know amaze-balls when I see it. Instructors, (and I mean other instructors, not you guys at alter ego) I gotta say, when you are making your music selections for dance class, choose wisely, because people return to your class for a few things; the music, the moves, the energy, your smile, your sext bootay, and again the music.Ok, back to the studio. Yep, love this place and everyone is super nice I feel right at home already and I think we are going to get along just fine.There is not one thing wrong with this joint.Good job ladies!xoD
