1	Do research on karate and compare schools. This school puts emphasis on katas and teaches very little sparring. Ranks are questionable at best. If you want to do nice katas and you do not care about learning real karate or practical self defense this school may work for you. This school is also not at many locals tournaments, red flag. Took my child out and put them in another school. He's now having to relearn everything and realizing they could have gotten really hurt becouse they thought they were learning self defense. It's dangerous. But, if you want to exercise and learn Kata dancing and point sparring this could be a good fit, otherwise please do your homework.Teenagers are doing most the teaching. Or adults with new black belts.
5	I'm writing this review as a alternate perspective of MMAC, because one star, in my opinion, is grossly underrating the value of the dojo. Sensei Rick is dedicated to the art of martial arts, as well as the sport. He focuses on the basics, knowing that a strong foundation in karate is what leads to strong fighting. In this dojo, there are many philosophies, but the essential one is to always "Kick. Punch. Sweat." The dojo is made up of hardworking individuals, and the path to a blackbelt is not for everyone.If you were to talk to Sensei, you would see he is dedicated to the community; each year the dojo participates in toy drives and hosts a Karate Kamp; which is an opportunity for kids to participate in karate during the summer.I believe the best way to get a sense of the dojo is to visit it yourself; it is kept neat and clean, and even features a study center so that students can also focus on their academics between training. I highly recommend Mountainside Martial Arts
5	My son has been in attendance at MMAC for more than 5 years now, and changes have certainly taken place within the organization.  This dojo is deliberate in creating a balance between kata, kumite (sparring), and basics.  It is also set as a traditional Japanese dojo teaching Wado Ryu Karate.  This is not a cut-throat plaza mall dojo, like the Cobra Kai in "Karate Kid", that teaches students to harm each other and fight as a primary resource to resolving a physical confrontation.  If you are looking for a fight club, look elsewhere.That being said, my son specializes in fighting here and does very well.  He has participated in over 30 tournaments in AZ, CA, UT, CO, and NV.  He has won several of these, and usually medals at every event. He is part of a competition team that takes extra time to train in fighting and competing.  I am confident in his abilities.The dojo is restructuring, and growing, and all for the better.  It has the best workshops, training clinics, guest speakers, and REAL tournament training by far.  I couldn't be more proud to recommend it to anyone looking for polished and professional, traditional Japanese technique and practical self-defense instruction.
5	MMAC is an asset to the Ahwatukee community, providing traditional martial arts training where discipline is learned and advancement is earned. This is a traditional Japanese dojo, where everyone doesn't get a medal and you don't buy your child's blackbelt in 2 years; enablement, entitlement, and excuses are not tolerated. My son has been training with the Sensei's of MMAC since 2006, starting in their program held at the Ahwatukee YMCA at the age of 7. Anyone who has met my son will attest to his maturity, balance, and discipline, and I attribute much of that learned behavior to his dedicated training at MMAC.
