4	A standard Godiva store, but who doesn't love delicious chocolate? These tantalizing treats will give you the pick me up that you undoubtedly need after day drinking and $hopping!
4	This is a well-staffed Godiva location! Seriously, four employees in a 400-foot space. You will be well cared for here!As per usual for Godiva, great chocolate offerings. We picked up a bag of dessert truffles and each flavor was lovely - especially the strawberry cheesecake. Also tried the chocolate-dipped strawberries and those were wonderful as well.Recommended!
5	Ommmmnomnomnomnomnom!If you love, like or even tolerate chocolate - you haven't really eaten it unless you've swung past this shop and had a wee sample.I found strawberries bigger than my hand covered in chocolate (I need to grow strawberries this big!!)I got some chocolate covered oreo's that have made my mouth sing in happiness. I also have some of the crunchy nut covered chocolate doodads waiting in my pantry. I want to try to spread the love as long as I can considering Vegas is a bit of a hike from Sydney!However these guys do love to sign you up to their website and who knows, maybe I can get something shipped internationally that will make me just as happy as bringing all the yummy home.Go in and say hello, the staff are lovely and love talking about the chocolate with you! You know, if you like knowing about chocolate before you scoff it.
5	Oooooo.  Mmmmmmm. GggggggI have never been a chocolate person but after trying this chocolate I'm done!! Chocolate diped Strawberry are to die for
3	Why must you be sooooo good?! I'm so addicted to their chocolate and just watching them make it makes me melt. I'm taking one star away for the 5 pounds I've gained since I tried the salted peanut bar? Not sure what the exact name is but it has Carmel in the middle.... Another star taken because of the price $4 for one and I always end up spending at least $20 on chocolate.  You're also closed today,Not sure why but I'm sad about this.
1	$50 per pound?!  I got one truffle and one hazelnut turtle and it set me back $6.  It wasn't even that good!  What happened to the other chocolate shop that used to be across from Sephora?!
