4	Wow, I guess I'm the first to weigh in on this place. This place was recommended by a local friend for a nice steak house for locals. He was so right on. This place is a little old school with steaks, seafood and sides that do not require one take out a mortgage to cover the check. Must be me (or the economy), but I am getting tired of paying $60 for an ala carte steak in Vegas. Anyway, the filet was stellar. My husbands giant rib eye with perfect and the service and cocktails were great. Quiet, peaceful retreat from the busy casino and an all around good restaurant and steakhouse. Decor not dazzling like some of the higher end steakhouses, but still enjoyed the painted panoramas that constantly changed with the lighting and the soft cushy booth under my behind.
4	the decor is very old fashioned.. then again, the entire hotel can use a little upgrading.we were greeted by a very friendly woman  who's clothing and age matched the decor.. :D  she seated us and our waiter came shortly after, offering us the specials and his recommendations which I always appreciate.they have a full salad bar forthe price of 2 side salads which is awesome because I adore lettuce.I had rib eye steak with mashed potatos and veggies... and my husband had the salmon.. both were excellent.  the rib eye was tender... and it came with soup as well..the presentation was great..  and the waiter very attentive..though we waited a bit for our food to come out, the bread did justice.. and the salad bar kept us busy.
5	I apparently did something wrong with my first review of this wonderful restaurant, it was filtered out?  In any case, we have eaten here several times and have always had excellent service and exceptional food.  Being from the South, the New Orleans decor is just fine with us and it is fitting since it is in the Orleans Casino.  Despite being near the casino floor, it is not noticeable while eating which gives you a nice break.  I would recommend it to any one.
3	The Orleans hotel and casino is off the strip, maybe that's why I still like coming here. Always Mardi Gras.The buffet here is quite good for a buffet, but Canal Street is the best restaurant in the place, prices in keeping with the quality. Hmm... then again, the sushi bar is pretty good too...Great wine selection, we had a nice pinot from Australia.Lobster bisque tasted as if the rue had been burned. Lots of lobster in there though. Pity.My friend's prime rib looked awesome, thick and tender.The Seafood Tower rocked. Snow crab legs, nicely pre-cracked, a couple different kinds of oysters, scallops, shrimp all sitting on a bed of ice lit with blue LEDs underneath. Delightful presentation.Service was excellent.
5	I gave this place 5 stars although I'm not an old geezer and don't have three hours to sit and dine.  Definately, this place is for old people with a lot of time on their hands.  I waited so long for my food that I ended up eating all the bread in the bread basket three times.  I was with others who were old and they didn't seem to mind sitting in a restaurant booth for eternity.  Looking around, it was like feeding time at the old age home.  I can't fault them for anything because this is what the place is all about.  The food was good and well done.  I'm picky and the food was good.
5	Canal Street is the type of place you would expect to run you $200 for a couple and yet you can easily walk away without going over $60.   Both my wife and I ordered the Fillet Mignon. She described hers as the best steak she has ever had. I will say that it was in the top 3 I've ever had in my life.   Aside from the food the atmosphere was great. It was fairly quiet and the serving staff were very nice.   The only complaint I have is that the chairs were not positioned right for my back (no place ever gets that correct) and the table was a bit too tall for my taste.
4	I went to Las Vegas for Christmas weekend and we visited 3 restaurants. Two of them were total disasters. Thank God for Canal Street as it saved the culinary portion of the trip. My sister chose the restaurant and when I checked it out online I didn't have very high hopes. The reviews were good and all, but the pictures on their website looked very tacky and drab and it looked like some old 60's dining room without the kitsch appeal. Luckily the decor looks MUCH nicer in person and it's actually a very pleasant atmosphere. As an appetizer I started with the shrimp cocktail. This was the only downside to the meal and the reason they are getting 4 stars instead of 5. It was $14 and you only get 3 shrimp. They are good sized shrimp, but not big enough to warrant the price. Additionally, they were over cooked and a little tough. The presentation was outstanding though. It was a very nicely put together plate. The dinner salad with the house raspberry vinaigrette dressing was quite good and was included with the price of the entree. That's a nice change of pace considering most high end steakhouses don't include the salad and you have to pay extra if you want one. As for my entree, I had the filet mignon and ordered it medium. It was absolutely awesome! Definitely one of the best steaks I have ever had. It was cooked perfectly, was very tender with absolutely no fat or gristle at all. They gave me a steak knife, but honestly I probably could have cut it with a butter knife. I also ordered a side of the lobster mac and cheese. It was not at all what I expected, but again, the presentation was fantastic and it was quite tasty even though I couldn't find any lobster anywhere in it. The side dishes are huge and we probably should have shared them rather than ordering our own. It did mean I had left overs though! The service was quite impressive. From the waiter, to the busboy, to the hosts, everything about the service was impeccable! Our water glasses never got low and as soon as I finished my soda another one was sitting there in front of me. They definitely have their stuff together here. The only negative thing that happened was at the end of the meal we weren't really offered any dessert. The waiter did ask if we wanted "anything else" but usually at a high end restaurant like this they will bring out a dessert cart or tray, or at least a dessert menu. I'm not sure we were have ordered anything, but we weren't in a hurry to leave and might have ordered dessert if something looked interesting. I would definitely agree with the reviews that mention the age of the clientele here. I think we were the youngest people there by at least 10 years and there was one woman there who was so old I think she was actually decomposing at the table. Also, some of the food takes a little longer to make (the mac and cheese takes at least 45 minutes) but honestly, if you are in a hurry you shouldn't be going to a fine dining restaurant anyway. This is definitely a sit down and take your time kinda of place. It is a little pricey ($14 for a 3 shrimp-shrimp cocktail, $3.75 for a soda, etc) but it is very good and was hands down the best meal I had last weekend.
3	I must say, the maitre'd that sat us was very nice. Our server, not so great. It was a party of 6 and we had reservations. 3 of us sat first, and then 2 others from the party came, the last guy was late. But we were thinking of just starting off the appetizers first and getting a bottle of wine while we were waiting. Our server never stopped by the table to greet us (but the busser did bring us water). We look around for him, no clue who was our server. Even when the other employees saw that we were all looking around for some service, nobody stopped by to check on us. (It was not a busy evening). I had to, somewhat rudely, yell to another server to have him find our server so we can order.By the time he got to the table, everyone was here and starving!Food came out in a pretty timely manner. Very disappointed with the portions. My bf ordered the "half rack" of lamb, and it came with 3 pieces. Poor tiny lamb that they must have killed for that meal. It came with hummus and a cucumber dipping sauce. It was quite delicious, but oh so tiny! I ordered the Chilean Sea Bass. Tasted pretty good, but not great. And again, a tiny portion. The only thing that was awesome was the size of the prime rib that was supposed to be 16 oz, looked like it was 24oz! But it was a bit tough.Got sweet potato fries and mushroom risotto as appetizers to share (2 of each) and they were good size and tasted great.Our reservation was at 8:30. Halfway through our entree, the busser and server was already trying to collect our plates. And my bf was trying to slowly enjoy his food and they asked him at least 5 times if he was done yet. Food is pretty decent, but many entrees have small portions. Service killed the experience though. Only reason we were there was because we had a comp, wouldn't go back again without another comp. With that price range, there are so many places that are so much better. Nothing there made me want to go back.
4	We were hading to the Orleans showroom to see Bill Mahr. We could not decide where to have dinner before the show. At the last minute made reservations for Canal Street. We made a good choice. I had not been here in years. It is a quiet charming place. I like the booths and the decor. They have a new menu and the choices were limited but sounded delicious. We skipped appetizers, enjoyed the bread and oil and balsamic. I ordered the filet mignon with Bearnaise sauce. It came with either soup or salad. I chose the salad and it was fresh and great tasting. And I am not a salad fan. My filet was like butter. So tender so tasty. The Bearnaise sauce was great. A little thicker than Mortans but I thoroughly enjoyed it. My BF had shrimp with pasta and the minestrone soup. He loved it. Our waiter was great. Working so many tables but still paid great attention to us and all the other diners in his station. I will go back here.
5	Just a quick update, we went here for dinner again last night. I had made the reservation on open table. When we arrived they did not have our reservation. The maitre d called open table and they did not show it either. I did receive the email confirmation. I just did not have it with me. Even though they were booked for the night, they did make accommodations for us. I just want to thank the maitre d for being so kind to us, and not looking down his nose at us, like I was making this up As usual the food was excellent. .
5	Absolutely delicious. Wonderful service and fine dining at an affordable price (and conveniently off- strip). I had osso bucco over mushroom risotto and it was fall off the bone tender and the risotto had big shiitake mushrooms in it. They even bring you a marrow fork. Heck yes. My husband had a ribeye steak (cooked perfectly) and a baked potato (the size of a small boat). The decor is dated but this place was quiet and a welcome respite from the neon overstimulation of the rest of Vegas. Will definitely go back.
5	My friend's took me here on my bachelor party.This restaurant pulled out all of the stops for a ragtag group of 13 dudes.The chef came to see us after every course and really did an excellent job.The prices were reasonable and all of the food was well prepared.My only complaint is that this steakhouse doesn't serve USDA Prime beef.However, the steak was still excellent and I will definitely go back.
5	It's funny that a place like this gets 5 stars from me because when you think about 5 star restaurants in Las Vegas, you don't think of an older themed place in The Orleans hotel off the strip... But I am gana be honest with you... For the price, thi place really was great.We were immediately served fancy sparkling water at no additional charge (none of that they ask you and charge you for better), and ordered a glass of wine and a rum and coke. My R&C was nice and strong but didn't taste like pure rum... The bread was delicious and served with 2 cheese wrapped grapes where were delicious.Also, I wanted to make a special note about the house salad (photo attached). It  was absolutely delicious!!! Probably the best house salad I have ever had... It was almost a cob salad at heart... Just amazing!Finally, the main meal... I got the Colorado Lamb: Traditional Herb Crusted Half Rack  Lollipops over Hummus and topped with Olive Tapenade and Cucumber Yogurt Sauce Cooked perfectly, great flavor... I would have preferred it served with a potato side dish, but beggars can't be choosers...Total for all that food, with top, was $115.00. Now that may seem expensive, but if you go down to the strip, a meal of that quality and size would have been closer to $200.00, so I was impressed.Great service, decent prices, great flavors, all around a great dinner.
5	Service was great, the atmosphere and decor was great considering its at Orleans. This is the Best deal in town GAURANTEED! i got the 8oz filet medium aupove, it came with a salad and veg on plate. $29!! I have eaten at Delmonicos, N9NE, Cut, SW at wynn , im telling you this Filet was the Best all around.
4	The interior really makes you forget you're at The Orleans (a place that I really like, but let's be honest, it's a bit...declasse). Quiet and peaceful, subdued lighting, attentive service...you can feel fancy at not-fancy prices.The cuts of meat are delicious and huge. The NY strip was saddle-sized and cut like butter (which it was doubtless cooked in--yay!). I had the rack of lamb--$29 for four ribs. Srsly? I can barely buy it at the butcher for that. Perfectly cooked, although I could have skipped the brown gravy that was drizzled over it.Unless you are bottomless, skip the sides. We ordered a baked potato to share and the salt-crusted football that came out was largely ignored (which was a shame, because it was a beauty--we just didn't want to waste time with starch when there was meat to eat!).
3	Relatively inexpensive, nice yet dated interior, good attentive service, mediocre food; depending on what you want in a dinner service will determine if this place is for you.Prices are inexpensive for a 'nice' restaurant entrees are around $25-$30 which includes an excellent house salad and includes some vegetables with the entree which make the side dishes optional. This along with the dated but nice interior and very good service creates an impression of a great value for an upscale dinner.Food however was inconsistent. The prime rib, probably one of the safer bets, was okay. They say it is dry aged but there is nothing in flavor or texture that distinguishes it. It was okay, a good value for the price. On the down side the lobster bisque was horrible. It was made with a heavy hand: thick, floury, salty with no hint of lobster. Diver scallops were a mistake. Scallops were rubbery and TOTALLY flavorless, probably the worst I have ever had. Sauce was very good but not enough to save the dish.It may be okay if you go for the beef without expecting anything special. The prices are pretty indicative of the food quality.
5	I agree with my fellow reviewers on this restaurant. It was excellent! The service was awesome, with the maitre d coming over to discuss various entries, and answer any questions. The steak was cooked perfectly, the atmosphere was great, the service excellent, entirely worth the price. We were surprised it wasn't more crowded the Saturday night we went, but this is the best steakhouse we've been to in Las Vegas, and we will definitely return again.
1	This review is the real deal let me first start off by saying I'm going to break it down for u I'm from the east coast I've been in Vegas 10 yrs and eating at over 100 place and when I give a review it's always true and not sugar coated first thing u need to know anytime a restaurant in Vegas has a sign that says the best of las Vegas voted its 99.9 % shit all lies with that said this restaurant really sucked nice atmosphere but that's it but people in Vegas love that shit and wait in line for shit like olive garden and vote pizza hut best pizza every year the services was so slow food was crap never in my life I heard of order chicken Marsala with a bone there are alot of really good places out in Vegas but this place is not one of them I can go on and on about this place but people in Vegas like to believe the hype if u want to waste your time and money and be disappointed then go to this place if u would like some really excellent places email me at krl650@cox.net and I will break it down for u with a list of non sugar coated all hype restaurants
5	I ate dinner at "Canal Street" in Las Vegas, NV on 10/6/2012.  It was my first time there.  Canal Street is located inside the Orleans Casino.  I had their Four Onion Soup for $6.00 and their Chicken Scaloppini Rustica for $21.00 (which includes a house salad).  All the food was wonderful.  It was probably the best meal that I ever had in Las Vegas (and I've had many).  The mural with the riverboat Natchez make for a beautiful setting and I had great service by my waiter Abel as well.
1	This place is "fine dining" done wrong.Even though the restaurant was near empty, our food took forever to come. When the food did come, it all tasted mediocre. The onion soup was overly salty, and everything else tasted like it could have been bought from the any 2-star caliber restaurant on the Strip.This place needs to step up its game if it hopes to survive.
1	This restaurant was awful! We waited over an hour for our meal to come when tables beside us got their food in 20 minutes. When we inquired to the manager, we were told the other table were regulars who have been coming here for 5 years and they have "old world values".  This is not a good way to get new regulars. When our food did come, the steaks we ordered medium rare were well done and had to be sent back, then it took another 30 minutes for the refire. Second round if food was cooked to the right temperature but was bland. I would never eat here again. It does not compare to many other Las Vegas steakhouses.
5	First time dining at Canal Street and I will definately return.  Chef Richard created the most delicious vegan dish I have ever had.  He came out to ask what I liked and took it from there.  Flavor and presentation was outstanding.  My husband's steak was also delicious.
4	Met up with some customers last night and they were starving, so we tried Canal Street.  It was a nice place, could probably use a little updating as it's a bit dated, but still a nice quiet place.  Menu is not overwhelming and offered a variety of courses. Since I had ate dinner prior to meeting them, I just ordered a caprese salad which was huge! They ordered lobster bisque and French Onion soup which they both enjoyed, side salad w/ their dinner was pretty big, and steaks were cooked perfectly. We ordered a side of sauteed spinach and asparagus spears which were both good as well.  Drinks were constantly being replenished during our meal without having to ask.  For dessert two of us ordered the table side bananas foster and one had the creme brulee.  I haven't had bananas foster since I went to New Orleans and have been craving it since then. Omg it was to die for!  LOVED IT!  I would definitely recommend Canal Street to other clients if they're staying at the Orleans Hotel.  The only thing I didn't like was the rolling cart they used to bring out soup, salads, main courses, silverware on. It's kind of shady to do that, just pick the stuff up and serve it from a standing position. The cart is fine to use for tableside service when creating a salad, or the bananas foster dessert, but to use it for serving food, shouts out lazy to me. Doesn't belong in a fine dining establishment honestly.
4	I would pick this place for a good filet over Morton's, Palm and many other places in town. One of my favorite places for a good dining experience.
5	Now this is what I expect life to be about! My son chose this restaurant and it was excellent. The service from the time we walk into the restaurant was exceptional. The Host was pleasant, provided great conversation and I even got a hug when I left. How's that for service! We were seated promptly, offered a beverage, water and lemon was plentiful and all was well at Canal Street. While we waited for our son and friend to arrive we were brought fresh bread and this amazing choice of toppings. They had great specials and the prices were extraordinary. Three course meal with wine was $42.00 Great choices of dessert too!Love this place!
3	After two visits, the experiences were satisfactory but I am not enamored with this place.  On the most recent occasion, we began with crisp Raisin Bread and an interesting amuse bouche of red grapes encased in Italian cheeses and covered by pistachio nuts, which was an intriguing combination of gooey and juicy cheesiness.  Onion Soup was good but did not sport much cheese cover or crouton; there were just two big globs of cheese floating in the broth.  Cobb Salad was more interesting for its presentation.  All ingredients were colorfully arrayed individually in a circle, like spokes of a wheel.My Filet was fine but Grilled Shrimp was overcooked and not very flavorful.  Garlic Bread was good and chewy.  A dessert of assorted gelatos (Tiramisu, Mint, and Chocolate) with Blackberries were all good!  So, while on balance food and service were both satisfactory, I will not go out of my way to return.  There are just too many better and more stunning fine dining establishments in close proximity.
4	I must say, I was greatly impressed with this steak house inside the Orleans. I personally made a special trip to the Orleans (which I do not usually attend). After reading the great reviews on Yelp, I didnt want to miss this place and you shouldn't either! The menu is rather small compared to many strip steakhouses but it has all the basics. I chose: - The onion soup. 3 stars because the broth to cheese ratio was slightly off. I tried my boyfriends lobster bisque and it was amazing! Get the lobster bisque. - The filet. 4 stars. Slightly over-cooked for my very-rare taste, so specify it if you want it very very-rare. The flavor/seasoning is amazing. - The spinach. Shareable portion. 5 stars. - Decaf cappuccino. 5 stars- Flourless chocolate cake. 5 stars. Service: 5 stars. Everything from the bread basket to the dessert service was perfect. I will be back!
5	Canal Street is one of my favorite spots. Big John meets you at the door and the service is excellent. The food is phenomenal and the chef is always willing to do something special. Entire staff is friendly warm and very helpful. My friends and I enjoy going here whenever we can. They also have great specials. You need to check them out for a true dining experience.
4	Was really surprised by how they have upgraded this restaurant.  From crystal, to silver, to linens, to menu.  Rumor has it they will be serving prime beef in 2014.  Enjoyed Thanksgiving dinner here.  Came expecting something ho hum, and was honestly impressed, to somewhat blown away.  Will be back soon, to perhaps upgrade this to 5 stars if they do it a second time.
5	This was our second trip to this restaurant in our annual Vegas trip, and it won't be our last.   The first time we found it out of convenience from where we were staying at the Palms, and  this time we took a taxi from the Hard Rock Hotel to enjoy another meal here.The ambience is quiet and romantic, and Big John, as others have called him, greets you at the door and promptly seats you.   The crab cakes were delicious (but next time I will try the lobster bisque as others wrote how fabulous it is), and the house salad served with your entrees is also one of the best house salads I have ever had.For entrees, I had the filet mignon which was cooked to perfection and my friend had one of their new items, the stuffed veal chop.  For sides, we had the asparagus and scalloped potatoes, both amazing.  We can't comment on the desserts because we were simply too stuffed from all the amazing food.   John the maitre'd was amazing and described all the fine details on how the food is prepared, how their beef is being upgraded, and the new items on the menu. The price for a steakhouse was very reasonable.This restaurant will always be on our list of things to do when we're in Vegas.    The city's slogan is "what happens in Vegas, stays in Vegas" but this one establishment is one secret I want to share with everyone.
3	Went to Canal Street a while back with a couple friends and found it met expectations overall. If I found myself in Orleans, I'd probably return, but rather go to one of the restaurants on the Strip.I actually don't remember what I had for my appetizer but the rest of the table got the shellfish platter (I'm allergic). They all said the food was fresh and good and there was certainly plenty of it. We joked that the waitresses must celebrate whenever they actually manage to sell one of those things. There was a wide variety, everything from shrimp and lobster to oysters, etc.My entree was actually quite good with one major flaw. I got the Salmon di Parma and it was actually very good. I loved the way the prosciutto melded well with the salmon to add a bit of texture and a unique flavor to the fish. It was all cooked very well. I also absolutely loved the vodka sauce and orzo pasta, I could've had a dish just of that I think. But the one flaw, it was SOOOO salty. I couldn't finish it because of the incredible amount of salt. I know prosciutto is salty, but they definitely then added a hefty amount of salt to the pasta and fish. Tempered what could've been a superb dish.So overall 3 stars, the atmosphere is kinda drab, service was fine (tho the check was a bit slow), my meal was delicious apart from the over salted aspect.
4	Good food, good service, good portions. However place needs to be brought in to the 21st century. Decor is outdated and the carpet reminds me of the 90's.
5	Maria was great. We needed to be in and out. Her and the kitchen did a great job. Filet pepper crusted is always amazing. Best deal in town. John the GM is always pleasant to see. Great food and service
4	I don't know why this place doesn't get enough attention by the foodies who visit Las Vegas. Well... Yes it's off the strip, but Orleans offer some cheap table games, and is one of the better places to play poker in Vegas. The food is quite good, with consistency (very important in my book). I have been to this place a number of times and was always equal quality. The bread is good. The salad that comes with the meal is good. The steak is good. The seafood is good. It is very nice to see a Vegas steakhouse who serve their meals with salads and sides. It is a must for our family when we visit Vegas. PS: this place won't blow your socks off, but will definitely satisfy your steak hunger without spending bank.
5	I had the best time and excellent service osbocco with sea food apatiser wine was good but should have been cooler big john is a great host even if we were an hour early place got crowded quickly
4	We went last night to celebrate my mother-in-laws 70th Birthday! The food was amazing, I had the lobster bisque and crab cakes for dinner and everyone else loved what they got except the rice was awful, they over did it with the herbs. The only 2 minor complaints were that it took the food a long time to get to the table and when I made the reservation I told them it was a birthday celebration and they never acknowledged that or even offered us dessert. Overall though great food and great atmosphere, we will be back!
3	Everything after our interaction with the Hostess was perfect. She was so bad it dragged down the whole dinner for my wife and I. We won't be going back.
4	We went for dinner for my wife's birthday. The gentleman at the reception desk was welcoming and very funny.The salad was amazing.  I had the rack of lamb, which was very good.  My wife had chicken marsala, which said was really.  The portions were nice sized and we had to take home part of my wife's dinner.  Prices were slightly on the high but still very affordable.   We would certainly go back.
5	The food and service was simply outstanding. We actually ended up here by mistakeas initially we were headed to The Luxor. The meal, service and ambiance far exceeded our expectations. The house salad was beyond belief. The filet mignon and Chilean Sea Bass were succulent and delicious. The sides of baked sweet potato and the glazed asparagus were wonderful. Out wonderful server Andrya made us feel so welcomed. She was the consummate professional! My husband also loved the meal! I would highly recommend.
2	The ambiance was OK at best. Dimly lit, and quite boring. Our server was hardly ever seen, and never gave us her name. Our food took forever to come out, including the salads.  I ordered the grilled trio which came with a 4oz fillet, salmon,  and shrimp. It was delicious but would've been more enjoyed if it didn't take forever, and if we could've seen our waitress more than two times. Once the food was on our table, we finished eating,  and we were never asked if it was ok, or needed anything additional.
5	Service was great, food was great.  Was pleasantly surprised since I had not had a great stay at the hotel.   I had no really low expectations but needed to eat before catching a flight.  Would totally recommend and dine again. We had the mixed trio and the Chilean sea bass, dessert  bread pudding highly recommend
4	We came before a concert at the Orleans. The food was great and the service was excellent.  My husband had fabulous fall special (2 lobster tails, salad, potatoes, vegetables and dessert). I had the prime rib and it wS cooked to perfection. I recommend this for a great date night!
3	Service and ambience was very good and extremely accommodating. Table side Caesar Salad was unexcitingly boring. Dressing was weak and when side order of Anchovy was requested, none was to be found, which was surprising considering this was supposed to be an upscale restaurant. Sea bass entree was disappointingly small and thin, only about 4-5 ounces. New York strip steak was over seasoned but cooked perfect rare. Prime rib 12 ounce cut was very good and over sized. Side of mushroom Risotto was cooked nicely to an al dente bite but they used a false chicken stock made from chicken bullion instead of house made stock. The msg really tasted through. The best dish of the night was dessert. Bananas Foster, made table side correctly with no shortcuts like the Caesar Salad. The Foster was excellent.  Would I return?  Yes. But be extremely selective on the menu.
