4	Same menu,prices,set-up... everyone sits at the counters. This branch,though, appears to have less seating than the one located in Mile End. Service prompt and courteous as always.
5	Great place for a quick bite that is fresh and doesnt hurt the wallet too much.  Of course the fish & chips is excellent but these days I'm having the comptoir 21 burger which has a piece of fried fish in the bun, really good.  And you cant beat the 6$ calamary advertised as an appetizer but is more than enough to fill you up at lunchtime.  All in all, just a great place!
5	The white fish has been masterfully fried so that the delicateness of the pure flesh had preserved its integrity, but had been fried to the deepest burnt sienna. Shards of skin that attempted to escape are left attached. This poutine put all the poutines we had in Quebec to shame. It's both a travesty and fortuitous that this was my introduction to poutine. Importantly, Comptoir 21 layers the three ingredients: a little of the raw umber, soft on the inside and crisp on the outside fries, a little of the moist cheese curds, a little of the gravy. Repeat.While your fork digs down into this incredibly authentic and homemade tasting gravy, passed the curds, passed the fries...they've all been gathered into one forkful...strands of melting cheese curds on deck. I later learned how incredibly appealing and necessary the melting quality of the curds were, as I kept meeting Styrofoam curds throughout the region.The staff is full of super cute boys who like boys. The decor is full on rescued-refurbished-hipster with long wooden tables, bar stools and an ancient looking ceiling. Also, their malt vinegar comes in a tiny spray bottle so that your fish is misted, rather than soaked. They have a cheeseburger and a fish burger for $5. Plus, a portion of poutine is $5...ok, $5,50.
5	Hands down best fish and chips I've ever had! And you absolutely must order the claim chowder. Shrimp tempura is really good too. The ambience and our waiter were great and made it a perfect night out. We sat on the patio during the summer so the pink streamers that lined the street made for a great view. Would definitely recommend
5	We had lost hope of finding anything good on St Catherine. This was a happy find.Everything tasted great. The large was damn large. Everything came fast. and Nathalie was lovely and gave us some great recos for stuff to see the next day. Thanks for the grub!
