5	One of the best pizza's in town!  Friendly Staff, Prices are great for specialty and non specialty pizzas. We got the BBQ chicken pizza, it was delicious! Their pizza's are full of flavor and they offer a variety of sauces for your pizza. I'll definitely go back to them. One of the best qualities about Joey's pizzas is they aren't as greasy compared to pizza hut's pizza. I do like to enjoy pizza without wiping my hand of grease (for you healthy eaters). In my book they definitely beat out the rest of the pizza competition!
5	I wish I lived in Vegas so I could come here as much as I wanted.  Joey's serves the best pizza in Vegas and aren't overpriced to boot!If you go there, just know anything on the pizza menu is solid.  Joey's has excellent crust and the standard tomato and alfredo sauces.  I prefer the Double Bacon Hamburger pizza myself, but I will try everything hopefully when I head back up to Vegas.  Also they have the best appertizers called garlic balls.  They are small bits of dough that are covered in garlic and butter.  I am not sure if they are fried, or baked, but they were so good.  Beyond good, they were excellent!
4	delivered- 15 minutes earlier than promised-awesome!realizing that the door bell is ringing in the shower-not!answering the door slightly wet in a towel- awesome- for him!realizing I will never get a hot pizza delivery porno fantasy ever- not!the pizza itself- awesome!eating pizza alone, wet, and basically nakedl...well that is kinda awesome...right??
4	good fast service  would recommend
4	An Adventure!Best pizza I've had in town! And getting there was half the adventure, the rest was my gps going berserk and spitting me out on the other side of town.But that's not what this review is about!Ordered Joey's Famous Home Run, but I had it reheated after my temporary navigational fail and it still tasted great and fresh! (with some lightly burnt parts)That garlic alfredo sauce really hits the spot and the cheddar cheese adds a great flavor! It'd be boring if it was only mozarella right? The entire pizza combination compliments itself!Great value for money since their prices already factor in the taxes, you're getting more taste for your dollar! Definitely going to try more combinations, when the urge for cheese strikes again!
5	This Pizza was Chicago excellent.  I am critical of my pie and i love their pizza.
5	LOVE LOVE LOVE! best pizza I've had in Vegas and its not expensive! they have a $6 Large special too. The Antipasto salad is amazing and the ranch rocks ... I'm pretty sure they make it there. The Taco pizza is KILLER. I live right down the street and if I lived on the northwest side I would drive across town for this pizza ... LOVE!
4	I've had this place a few times and it is definitely worth coming back. It is located on the Southeast side of the intersection of Nellis and Desert Inn. I never had the pizza I order delivered, just as carry out. Right now they have a good special going for carry out, 1 large 1 topping for $6.50+tax! I've been keeping it simple with deals and such from this place. All I had so far are 1 topping pizzas and Cajun flavored wings. What I like about the pizza best is the crust. It's crunchy, not too doughy, and has a very good taste to it. The toppings are also of good quality and they don't skimp you on the pizza. The wings were also done well. I'm not 100% sure, but I'm think all they do is carry out and delivery. I would recommend the place to anyone if you have a pizza craving!
2	We had a cheese pizza, wings and fries delivered.  The pizza was awful, dry, overcooked.  The wings and fries were actually really good. Overall I regret the experience for the money spent.
4	4 stars for Pizza quality.Would have given 5 stars if the shop looked less ghetto.  I'm not sure if the shop looked any better, they would make pizzas better than what they already have.  QUALITYJoey's pizza tastes good. If you are used to having a pizza from one of those popular chains (Dominos, Pizza Hut) regularly, treat yourself with a good tasting pizza from here.OPTIONSI got a 14" large pizza with 5 (yes five!!) toppings for just 14.99.  Went with all veggie toppings. Next time I will swap those jalapeno topping for extra olives or mushrooms.  But nevertheless Pizza still tasted good.VALUEWhat you get is definitely more than what you pay for. What was supposed to be a pizza dinner for two of us, easily made for left over breakfast for next day morning (having all veggie toppings helped for having it as breakfast).Would definitely go back next time I crave Pizza.
5	Best Pizza in this part of town.  Service is quick, friendly and the pizza is cheap.  I have yet to try the burgers or other menu items, but maybe in the near future I will.
3	Local neighborhood pizza joint.  Their pizza flavors are above the popular pizza chains and the price are quite affordable especially with their pizza carry out special.  However I do not recommend getting other items on their menu unless you have to because after all their specialty is pizza and not other type of foods.
4	I finally had the chance to try the burger and fries combo here.  The burger was pretty small and the fries were just average.  I like the burgers better at Angelina's much better.  Actually I feel they have one of the best burgers on the East Side of town.  But, I digress as this is a review of Joey's.  The pizza here is still my favorite though.  And, they have a yelp check in deal which saves you 10% on your bill.  So, that is a bonus.
2	We have ordered from Joeys on several occasions. They have a special we ALWAYS get & we add an additional pizza. The special is an XL pizza w/ 2 toppings 20 wings & 8 fingers for $29.99...we have ALWAYS asked for all wings & no fingers, they have always given us 40 wings total & no fingers. We have ordered this special at least 3 times in the last 2 months. We call today to get the same thing, they say they can't do that. When I explained I've done it before, the girl says she'll ask the manager, she yells to someone else & then a guy gets on the phone & tells me there is a new owner & they no longer make substitutions. I ask that there is a new owner in the last 2 weeks? He asks "you got that special in the last 2 weeks?" I said yes. He tells me I was lucky. He says the owner has put something in the computer that doesn't allow them to override & it would charge a higher rate. If that's true, then how did I get the deal less then 2 weeks prior? The pizza is decent & honestly the wings are under seasoned & we usually add seasoning when we get them. We continued to order because they were convenient & the chicken was always cooked right, not under cooked or over cooked, but they do charge too much. Our last order was over $50 for 2 pizzas, 40 wings & a 2 liter of pepsi which the driver had to go back & get because he forgot it. The customer service today was terrible & very unprofessional. The guy that got on the phone was argumentative. We won't be ordering from here again due to poor customer service alone. AND by the way, there is NOTHING on the menu that says NO SUBSTITUTIONS.
4	This is another place that yelp didn't fail us at all! We were going to go for lunch, but wanted to sit down so we decided not to go, that is the only problem with this place, not seating. After reading the reviews again we decided to go ahead and do take out, I must say this was not a mistake. The Joey's special pizza was great, the best pizza so far here in Las Vegas that I have had. Even more amazing was the fact that just the plain pizza also looked and tasted excellent, the fresh ingredients are all very good. I highly recommend it.
4	was told Joeys had great pizza when I moved in to town,I have to say for a small place they do a great business and the pizza is always hot and delicious when it arrives at the door.
1	Attempted to order a pizza from here.  Driver apparently delivered it to the wrong address.  Driver then went back without making  any further attempt to contact us .  Calling the store we were told that they would not deliver the pizza, but they kept our money.  Do not order from this store for delivery.  I would give them 0 stars  if I could.
1	Saw a review that said don't order delivery because they didn't get their food but I saw more rave reviews and ordered anyway. Low and behold I too am without dinner tonight because the incompetent girl that took my order did not write down my unit # or phone # after I specifically asked her if she needed my phone number in case the driver needed to call she said nope I have it right here and hung up. I called after waiting 1hr and 15 mins (was told 30-40 mins but it was pizza and chix wings so I figured an hours fair) the man that answered repeated back the wrong number said they had no unit # put me on hold 20 mins then must have forgot about me as soon as I heard I dial tone I realized I was no longer their concern. I would order from somewhere else tonight but seeing as I already waited 1.5 hours and it might be another hours wait I'm too pissed to order anything else! Disappointing
5	Very good pizza and calzones...Called in my order, and when I arrived, everything was ready and hot.  Prices are really good so I will definitely order again.
2	The pizza is good but if you are ordering delivery be forwarned. When we ordered we were double charged for our pizza, because of memorial day our bank has not reposted the funds back to our account. We called on tueday explaining the issue we were having, and were told to call back the next day if the money was not posted.  It wasn't, and we called back.  Only to be told that we will need to wait another day before the bank reposts our money. No before you think this is a banking issue, the entirity of this problem would have been avoided if they would have only run our card ONCE instead of twice (which they told us they were going to do because of a technical issue) .  I wish that we were on a budget that allowed us not care about 20 some dollars but the reality is, is that the money that is unavailable to us and not useable is causing alot of problems.  I won't be ordering from them again, I don't want to deal with this kind of stress.  My opinion, pizza is good but avoid delivery it's not worth the headache.
2	I hate to be a Negative Nancy but after all the positive reviews, I can't keep my opinion to myself.  I wouldn't even call this pizza "good".   I originally planned on using Domino's for my daughter's birthday party, but they've gone too far downhill.  We ordered from Joey's instead -- 4 pies and an order of garlic balls.The crust was tough, not at all crispy, and somewhat hard to bite into.  I've had worse, but I do expect some kind of crispness.  On the good side, it didn't have that burnt flavor like so many of the other pizza shops in town.Sauce had a good taste - somewhat sweet and not overloaded with spices.The sausage was foul.  It was spoiled or freezerburnt or something along those lines.  All other toppings were tasty on their own, but there weren't a lot of them on the pizza.  Our bacon pizza had about 2 pieces of bacon per slice.  On the pizza with three different toppings, you couldn't get all three of those toppings in one bite.  It kinda defeats the purpose of getting a pizza with multiple toppings on it.  Cheese was minimal.We ordered the garlic balls thinking they would be similar to garlic knots.  They aren't anything like knots.  They tasted like pizza rolls but without the filling.  Not too bad, but they don't come with sauce, and they turned rubbery before the meal was over.  If there was a sauce, and if they didn't turn rubbery, they would've been a nice unique treat.  Kinda like fancy popcorn.  I had my spouse order and pick up the food.  He was charged 20% more than the menu prices (afternoon, carryout).  Tax is only 8.x%.  He wasn't given an itemized receipt so I don't know why there was such a price difference.I'm perfectly capable of making pizza or reheating one from the store.  The reason we order from a pizza place is to get pizza that tastes different (better) from the at-home options.  When the pizza doesn't taste better than at-home, it feels like a total waste.  All in all, I could've made a better pizza with a store brand Boboli crust.  Even the $1.25 frozen party pizzas would've tasted a lot better.I should've known better than to try something new (for us) for a birthday party.
1	we order from here all the time. yesterday we ordered a Vegetarian and a Joeys Deluxe. 45.00 worth of pizza! i called to complain that it was terrible, no cheese, no veggies, no meat, NOT worth the money! lousy customer service, i even offered to take a pic of the awful pizza send to her, it was so bad! she said Manager would call me back! dont botherLAST TIME JOEYS GETS MY MONEY! BEWARE
1	Change the times of business operations of this place on here. They close at 10PM on Fridays, not 11PM. Not sure about the other hours, but maybe it'd be a good idea if the hours were updated. It's a bit annoying for customers and other yelpers.
1	Sorry Joeys has new owners I was told the pizza was the same. Not even close. Soggy crust never acceptable . Still a good price if the pizza was good.
5	My family has been going to Joey's pizza for over 9 years best pizza ever they're always on time and always so friendly
1	This place has been under new ownership for awhile and it has been run down terrible prices terrible food terrible customer service the service is so bad here that I will never eat here again and recommend Napoli pizza, maestro' pizza, cafe Verdi, Angelina's pizza any pizza joint in the area other then this place
2	They said that food would be ready in 30 minutes. ..which they are really good about...but it's now been 50 minutes and our chicken wings are still cooking. I ordered the family pack deal #2....it's 12:30 pm and they were out of chicken wings and couldn't complete my order. I told the girl to substitute it with some chicken fingers and the girl said it would cost more. Very young and inexperienced people working here at this hour with no customer service skills. While standing here waiting patiently for my order....another gentleman came in for his order, and the girl told him that they are waiting for cheese to cook his pizza so his food will be awhile. Why open today if you have no food???
