5	A place to go for good food at Montreal
2	The food is very good, the bread is fresh, the service is quick and the staff is knowledgeable. Only problem: it's GROSSLY overpriced. You basically have the choice of an all-inclusive for two, that comes to almost $200. Or you select from a list of small tapas at around $20-$25 each. My gf had a cocktail that came at $26. I mean....the place is good but I'm sorry, those prices are pretentious. And it's not like I'm not used to pay to go to good restaurants. I enjoy dining out at good spots and I usually don't  care about the price. But Laurie Raphael is the most expensive place I've been in a couple years. This is why I actually know you can get equally good food and experience (even better to be frank) for half the $150 you'll pay per head at Laurie Raphael. Bottom line: had a good experience but the inflated bill ruined it all. Will not return.
3	Small plates in a hotel?  This sounds like a recipe for crappy food at a high price!I was surprised to find the food here is really good but when you throw on the hotel prices it's getting up there with some of the big players in Canada!  For that I had to bring the score down as it's good but you can get much better in the amazing gastronomical city of Montreal for the same style of food.The service is great as well as the atmosphere.  If you're looking to impress the ladies then this might be a place to do it.  Otherwise I'd steer clear of here for those occasions.
3	A good 3.8 because they make here some really nice combination of ingredients. However, portion are all appetizer size and you will be left hungry for sure and service was really to slow, with several meal arriving not warm at all (pan seared fat liver foie gras should be served hot, not just medium warm!)
3	The reason I give this three stars is the exorbitant price tag.  It was about $400 for 4 people without a lot of wine.   The food is good although in the style of nouvelle cuisine with small portions.  Previous comments I read about good service and excellent bread selection I concur.   Was impressed with the deserts.  However, I can pay $100 for a meal that I will never forget, I don't think this meal qualifies.  The decor is pleasant and relaxing.
4	Having dined in the Quebec City location a few years back my husband and I opted to make a reservation at the Montreal outpost of Laurie-Raphael while we were visiting Montreal recently, and while nothing can ever match that first visit, I was far-from disappointed.Service is excellent and professional.  Full-bar is available, but the drinks are a bit skimpy.  (To be fair, we noticed this in every restaurant we'd dined in while in Canada.)  The wine list is pricey-but there are some lovely wines to be had by the glass.I was a bit worried when I realized the a-la carte menu consisted of 'small plates' as I was starving, but I needn't have worried about going away hungry.  Yes: the plates are small - but the quality and the rich flavors of each plate will sate your appetite - expecially the seared foie-gras.  (truthfully, though:  how anyone could eat anything after the seared foie-gras is beyond me - sheer bliss!)This is a fine-dining establishment.  It is about quality, not 'quantity.'  There are hundreds of restaurants in Montreal which will fill your stomach.  I'd like to think that Laurie-Raphael fills your soul  .
