5	Dr. Stansberry is a wonderful dentist. He does great work and really cares about his patients. His staff is always friendly and helpful and I would recommend his services to anyone.
2	Since you don't see that much of the dentist, it's his office staff that shapes opinion of the office, and they suck. They don't take the time to explain anything to you, and in my case, this resulted in an extra $50-ish in charges I wasn't expecting.  They scoffed at even the simplest question about the fee that came up, getting defensive immediately. The dentist's work is alright, but I've had better.  The dentist seems to be very young and doesn't look at all like a dentist which doesn't necessarily mean anything, but between getting in the chair late, my billing experience, and the dental assistant being hard to get any answers from, I wasn't too thrilled to see any more.
5	I originally chose Northern Smiles since they are open late on Tuesdays. It's so much easier to get to the dentist after work, rather than trying to schedule something during working hours. I'm really glad I chose Northern Smiles! Both my husband and I come here to get our teeth cleaned every six months and the staff is always super friendly and remembers what's happening in our lives. Julie, the receptionist, is such a sweetheart. She's super friendly and very helpful when scheduling appointments. When our dental insurance changed, she was very helpful getting our new insurance in the system - no fuss whatsoever! Our dental hygienist, Gwen, is fantastic as well. She's very friendly and is great at her job. She's gentle and doesn't make my mouth hurt after or during the cleaning - which is definitely a plus! I always feel good after getting my teeth cleaned by her. Also, Dr. Stansberry is nice and easy to talk to. Everyone is very informative and makes me feel very comfortable. I've never been a big fan of going to the dentist, but Northern Smiles has changed my mind! We've been coming here for two years and look forward to many more!
5	I chose this place due to location, and it exceeded my expectations. Very kind atmosphere. Hygenist was thorough and pain free when cleaning my teeth.I had to get a crown and that appointment was great as well. Dr. Stansberry was great as well..!!Cost effective treatment
