4	This place just opened last Saturday and is one of the first restaurants in Centennial Center north of Ann, west of the 95.  My husband and I went there tonight and really enjoyed it!  I think we enjoyed not having to drive all the way to Paradise to find Indian food.The dishes were a touch expensive for the area, but the quality and location made up for paying a bit extra.  They are working on getting their liquor license, so our bill was cheaper than normal anyhow.  I had Aloo Gobi and my husband had Chicken Korma.  Their vegetable samosas were very good, served with two dipping sauces.  You can pick the spiciness of your dish from one to ten.  I got a 5 and felt it was very mild and my husband got a 7 and said it felt more like a 2 - so go much spicier than you normally would.The service was very polite and prompt - we will definitely go there again - from the look of the menu, we will have many other things to try.  Also, I will be trying their lunch special soon - much cheaper and many options there.
5	This girl (*points to self with both thumbs) is soooo LUcky to have good eats around her!  woot.  Indian Curry Bowl is another semi-fast food/semi-sit down joint in the northwest Las Vegas area and also down the street from Market Grille Cafe.  It's located just down from Fresh & Easy and in the same shopping center as 24hr Fitness and Cafe Rio.All the dishes are MOM-cooked and the mama's AND staff are all super nice, too!Even though I haven't tried everything, I can confidently jump to the conclusion that everything is probably pretty good.  The curry isn't as thick as other curries I've had, but I definitely like the flavor resulting from all the spices.  You can asked for the chili on the side if you're eating with people with different acceptance levels of heat.  Personally, I luv that stuff! gimme gimme gimme... Here's what I tried so far... (per the owner, all chicken used in dishes is chicken breast)1.  Garlic Naan - slightly charred, but it was nice and chewy.  Lil' bit of burnt taste gives it flavor... haha2.  Vegetable Samosa - Deep fried, but not too greasy at all.  When do I ever say "no" to deep fried?3.  Butter Chicken - similar to chicken tikka4.  Chicken Tikka Masala (Tomato based curry)5.  Chicken Saag (Spinach based stew)6.  Chicken Korma (Coconut based curry)p.s.  They have a lunch special for a curry bowl that's $5.95+, depending on the extras you get.  YUmmy curry on fluffy rice = happy lunch time nap.
4	WooHoo! First off, thanks to Julia and Michelle for putting reviews in...I was treated to a lunch that I've been waiting two years for.  Much like Market Grille, it is run by the mom.  This is what the NW was missing.  I really can't add much that hasn't already been said except please be sure to treat yourself soon!I had the Chicken Korma, Veggie Samosas and Garlic naan for about $25, and it filled me up for both lunch and then as a leftover for dinner.
5	I love eating here.  It is my favorite Indian restaurant in Las Vegas. I usually get the Chicken Tikka for guilt free dining, but everything on the menu is great.  I highly recommend the Korma dishes.
5	I love Indian Curry Bowl! Every time I head to Las Vegas I have to make a trip there. The food is simply amazing. The butter chicken is awesome and the Daal Makhani is awesome (ask for it extra spicy). Id also like to say that their stuffed Naan bread is hands down the best tasting Naan ive ever had (that says alot because I have quite a few Indian friends). Ive read of other people complaning about the prices and I have to disagree the prices are reasonable especially considering that the quality of the food is top notch. The only thing I'd have to complain about is that they dont have a beer or wine license. I'd love to have a good beer or nice bottle of wine with their food. I actually cant wait til the next time Im able to visit Las Vegas again.
4	This is one of my favorite restaurants in LV...especially for Indian Food.The best part is it is in Summerlin!The couple that own this restaurant are sweet and adorable.  Thank goodness they are in retirement and decided to open a restaurant in LV in their spare time!My favorites are:Saag PaneerButter Chickenonion naan was delicious too.I also like their tomatoe based curry dishesmango pudding was delicious for dessert.
5	I'm impressed!  Although my husband and  I have been eating here for months after a recommendation from a friend, tonight  was the first time I had a chance to chat with the chef/owner - Rita.I am truly in awe about how much she knows about food allergies...and the lengths at which she goes to ensure that anyone who eats in her restaurant has a good experience...no matter what allergy they may have.She also cooks with pure, organic vegetables and spices and will custom -make orders to suit your taste.Don't wait a minute more to treat yourself to a meal here.
5	I've recently become addicted to indian food, and had heard about this great things about this place for sometime. I finally deceided to give it a try yesterday evening. Man am I glad I did. The food gods have smiled upon this restaurant. Befor eyou walk in you can smell the curry from the outside...mmmmI ordered the Chicken Vindaloo (extra spicy and Garlic Naan and it was some of thee best i've ever had. The naan was light and airy & delicious! I could have eaten two baskets of it. The Chicken vindaloo portion was huge! I was able to split it with my husband and we both walked out full.This place is definitely going to be seeing a lot of more me in the near future. So glad places like this exist in Vegas.
3	So, yeah.  I was really excited about this restaurant after reading the reviews here and have to agree the food is PHENOMENAL!  I had a wonderful butter chicken, I haven't had indian food that good since returning to the states.  Very nicely seasoned, naan wasn't greasy and the portion was more than enough for lunch the next day (with a second order of naan).I can't in good conscience give this place higher than 3 stars, however, because the wait staff was absolutely atrocious.  I went there with my husband and our friend and we were happy to see that we had the place mainly to ourselves.   We love indian food and had reviewed the menu online before we came.  We told our waitress we were ready to order.  I went first and ordered the butter chicken, level 5 spicy.  She stared at me for a second as if I wasn't speaking English.  After repeating myself a couple of times, she actually took the menu and stared at it like she'd never seen it before.  Very strange.  She mumbled something about her husband (huh?), finally got it straight and then shuffled over to the kitchen.  She brought over our appetizers, but couldn't remember who had what.  The same happened with our entrees - there are only three of us in the restaurant.  You really couldn't get that right??But the most egregious was during the meal.  A good waiter/waitress knows how to interject to see if you need something.  The two girls in the restaurant had this really strange habit of hanging out near the table until all three of us stopped talking to look in their direction because of the creepy staring.  Then, instead of I don't know, asking if we needed more water?  They would comment on our conversation.  We tried to be polite about it, but after the third or fourth time, we started making things up for them to get (more water, tea, soda, napkins) just so we could continue our conversation.  Not that that helped much. It was such a relief when other patrons came in and they were too busy to hover.  The food is good enough that I will do take out orders, but I most certainly won't be eating in again.  Creepy.
4	I had to try this place after hearing so many good things about it and it certainly did not disappoint! I'm not really an Indian foodie but here goes:The Chicken Korma with rice was absolutely amazing. The creaminess of the coconut milk and spiciness of the sauce made for a perfect combination of flavors! The garlic naan was light, fresh and equally flavorful. Warning: If you get this takeout, your car will smell like garlic for days! The curry chicken bowl lunch special (extra spicy) was tasty and full of spices. It was the perfect portion for lunch! I have only ordered take out on the 2 visits I have made. The place seems to be really slow, so I hope it picks up soon! I know I will be going back soon! I've heard that the samosas are the best!
2	Very watery Korma. The Naan had the texture of baked pizza dough. The only good thing was the tartness of the mango lassie. They were the previous owners of Samosa Factory,  but their food didn't seem to carry over. Samosa Factory has surpassed this place greatly.
2	We went here back in January.  The service was really slow. The food was ok but very small portions for the price and I don't like big servings!  I cook better Indian food at home.
4	Service was good and fast. Food was great, the owner suggested the korma because i have never tried it and it did not disappoint.
2	My fiance and I had a craving for good Indian food. We usually would go to India Oven but decided to pick a local place closer to our house. Indian Curry Bowl is in the Northwest part of town in a very quiet shopping center. Considering it's location the prices were rather steep. (14.95 for most lunch entrees) They do however, have a lunch special. Curry bowls starting around 5 dollars and then 2 dollars extra for anything you'd like to add. (ie: vegetables, Korma sauce, CHICKEN, etc.) The husband, who I think is the owner, was somewhat friendly, a little odd and certainly pushy. We placed our order and he told me to try something else instead. We both decided on Chicken  Curry Bowls for lunch and he convinced me to try the Korma Sauce. When asked how spicy we'd like our lunch, I ordered a 4 and my fiance ordered a 6. Then, we ordered Naan. "Plain naan?".. YES, plain naan. We get our bowls. Small, but looked appealing. We taste them. Bland and the same level of spiciness for both... non existent. There was no spice in either bowl. The lady at a table near us ordered a ten and asked for more spice because it wasn't spicy at all. I think she had to ask for more spice 3 times. Later, our naan came. Garlic naan. Oops. He must've decided on that for us as well as that Korma Sauce. Although, it wasn't spicy and wasn't the best Indian Food, we didn't think it was awful. We ate it. We got our 20 dollar bill and gave him 30 dollars to get some change. He smiled and said, "Thank you!" before we had to ask for change. He looked puzzled but brought us change. Overall, not awful. It was worth a shot but we aren't going back. Service was mediocre and the food wasn't up to par. I'd rather drive several miles to get to a great Indian Restaurant in Vegas.
4	I ordered the lunch special: butter chicken (and also ordered the lunch special chicken korma and mango lassi to go).The only other Indian place I've been to was Mt. Everest during the lunch buffet and mint. And then I was hooked to Indian food. I am by no means an expert in Indian food so bear that in mind...Now, the food. Comparing the chicken makhani (butter chicken) from here to everest and mint, Indian curry bowl's is a lot less creamier with more of a spicy raw tomatoey kick. Since I'm so accustomed to that super creamy milky tomato sauce at first I was a bit disturbed but as I continue to eat I wondered if there was also a healthy version of Indian food.  By no means was it bad, in fact it felt extremely healthy and expertly made with spices and such... It's just I wanted that thick super creamy sauce (which I don't even know if that's "authentic" it just appeals to my taste buds more).Service was good, establishment hired a new waitress. Checked if everything was okay, drink was filled, etc. Nothing stellar but I never really had high hopes either way. It's not some super fancy restaurant in the first place. I'd go back. The total for two lunch specials (butter chicken and chicken korma) with mango lassi was near $20. Oh and since so many people kept complaining about portions, we must have some beastmode eaters here. I eat a lot and it was enough for me to feel really full. Although takeout will be a liiiiiiiittle smaller in portions because of the plastic container they use. And I have a sneaking suspicion that maybe instead of giving me butter chicken they gave me that chicken tikka thingy? Which I heard isnt as creamy as butter chicken... Hmmm well I'll give it another go!-----------updated----------Ordered the butter chicken again, this time, although the texture was still a bit watery, the taste had that creamy milky taste. I was served by arnand this time. Perhaps he was in an iffy mood today? Wish the new waitress served me this time, she was a lot more friendlier.
4	The food is amazing!!! I went to get the vegetarian wrap lunch special...and i didnt expect it to be that great but I will definately be back after today! Definately one of my new favorite places to eat. Seems like it is family owned and i loved how nice they all were and the care they put in their food. All i have to say is you should definately eat here!!
1	I was super excited to try this place, since the reviews were so great. I should have known it was not going to be a good experience since there was not a single soul in the restaurant.I was so disappointed, it still astounds me to this day. Me and my boyfriend tried out their lunch specials, I ordered a chicken curry bowl and he ordered a shrimp curry bowl. Our server (which seemed to be the owner) asked us how spicy we wanted it, so we told him medium. Then he proceeded to mumble something about baby food. When we got our food it was utterly horrible. It was a watery bowl of rice and chicken, with NO FLAVOR whatsoever. My boyfriends lunch was the same, except his shrimp was still grey. The owner and other workers seemed to be looking something up on their computer, but when they finally got around to checking on us (because I believe I was loudly conversing with my boyfriend about my disdain for our lunch) we asked him to cook the shrimp longer, and told him there was not much flavor. He went on to blame us for the flavoring, saying that we wanted it not spicy, but that he could bring us flavoring on the side, and that we were that ones that wanted BABY FOOD. He also informed us that we did not order the right thing, and that if we had asked him he would have told us what was good. Let me ask you dear sir, why is it even on your menu if you know it sucks? Adding the curry paste improved it slightly, but don't get me wrong it was still gross.When we checked out we had to find him to get our check. He informed us that we didn't like the food, and it was because it was food we were not use to. I am Asian and my boyfriend is white, but that does not mean that we have never had good Indian food. Overall the service was absolutely TERRIBLE, the man was condescending as well as ignorant. All of this for the grand price of $20, the worst $20 I ever spent in my life.
4	I walked in @ 6pm on a Tuesday night, it was really slow, in fact we were the only ones in the restaurant. We were greeted by the waitress and told we could sit anywhere, the room was arranged nicely, there was soft Jazz playing overall a good ambiance.The service was quick and to the point. We shared the whole chicken tandoori, which ended up being too much and we only had half; the chicken was fresh but I felt like it needed something else, we also had the garlic nan which was hot and fresh.  Overall the experience was good, I will come back to try out the rest of the menu, hopefully soon!
4	Food was great.  Prices were high for what you got.
2	It's been about 2 months since I last visited Indian Curry Bowl, and I'm sad to say it is because the quality of food has seriously gone down.  Back approximately a year-ish ago, they were so bomb.  I thought owner Andy was funny as the sarcastic grumpy old man.  Rita (wife) would come out and ask us how the food was.  I'm sad to read that he's coming across as grumpy and condescending, and I can definitely see why.  In the last few visits, gone now is the consistency.  No more fantastically flavorful curries and yes, the portion sizes are getting smaller.  Even the naan comes out soggy.Conclusion:  Please, bring back the tasty Indian Curry Bowl that I knew so well.
2	Service was awful!! The mean owner should notBe serving this place. He was rude and just grumpy. I love what the previous person, the owner should not be in the building! The food was excellent though, ill be back.
2	Yea, the curry and naan were good, but way overpriced for the dishes. Service was also slow.
4	+ Both the butter chicken and saag paneer entrees are outstanding. + The naan was warm and tasty- portions seem like they should be bigger considering the price+ fresh, quality ingredients+ friendly and local- a little pricey. Maybe it's fair considering how good it s, but two entrees, two breads, and a pop came to around $40.+ I would highly recommend this to a friend and will continue to eat there. +/- Both times that I have been here, it's been dead.
5	Excellent Chicken Korma and service.
4	Had the Chicken Naan, Lamb Samosas, Chicken Tikka and the Chicken Korma.  The Korma we ordered mild spice, it was a little watery and since we went 2 months ago, the portion size had diminished.  The Chicken Tikka my hubby ordered #10 super-hot, it was not, but had some heat to it.  The samosas were tasty, but a bit greasy and the Naan was a hit with my 1 and 3 year olds.  Overall, definitely going back, the food comes out PIPING HOT and freshly made, which I love, and all of the flavors are there that I look for in Indian food.  This is a nice little family-owned restaurant with polite and prompt service, but relaxed enough to seat yourself.  I love it and I try to go every few months.
1	We ordered lunch from Indian Curry Bowl yesterday, and I can't say enough about how HORRIBLE it was.  Not just the food, but the entire experience.  The food was very overpriced.  For 2 entrees, 1 side, and 2 orders of Samosas, the total came to $72!!  I was shocked, and looked over the receipt.  They were charging me $10 for chutney??!?  I eat Indian food from many different establishments on a regular bases, and the chutney is ALWAYS complimentary.  It's like charging for ketchup.  While I was waiting for my order, I was watching the elderly woman prepare the food using...... a microwave.  Really?  No burners or stoves going, just a couple of microwaves.  The food was not good at all.  The Samosas were soggy and undercooked, the Chicken Tikka Masala and Saag Paneer were runny and looked like they literally had been mixed with water.  So basically, I paid over $70 for food that was microwaved (seriously, I'm still appalled by that one) and terrible.  Never again!!!!
1	Food was mediocre at best.. Chicken tikka masala was not creamy, had very little chicken, and had no real flavor. Saag paneer was relly runny and the cheese was tough. The naan was good.. but how can you screw up naan? Severely overpriced.  The owner acted like he was doing me a favor with the prices and said that he had new menus already printed with higher prices. I will definitely not be returning.
1	The wife and I ended up here today after discovering that Saffron - Flavors of India has temporarily closed.I'm sad to report that this place is easily the worst a la carte Indian experience I have had in Las Vegas.My wife ordered Paneer Tikka Masala and I ordered my standard Chicken Tikka Masala. We also had our standard mix of garlic and plain naan which we love to use the mop up all the lovely rich creamy gravy that you usually associate with Indian food and these dishes in particular.What arrived was not rich, creamy or even remotely lovely. They seem to take the "healthy take on Indian food" to extremes here. My tikka masala looked like it had been prepared by throwing a few pieces of chicken tikka into a mixture of blended onion, tomato, green peppers, and cilantro which had then been cut with about a cup of water until watery and tasteless. We heard the microwave going during the preparation, so I'd say that's pretty much exactly what was happening.Imagine what you'd get if you microwaved a can of (if it existed) "Progresso low fat, low sodium Indian curry chicken soup". There's something extremely wrong with your Chicken Tikka Masala when no matter how many times you re-dip your chicken in the "sauce" it comes up completely devoid of anything covering it. The chicken itself was bland, waterlogged and soaked free of any flavour whatsoever.We didn't really have much use for our naan since there was no real gravy here, but my garlic naan was pretty tasteless.The only minor saving grace of the meal was the excellent home made lemonade and the passable samosas we began our meal with. To round things all off, a bill of close to $50 for a terrible meal in a restaurant that felt like a Subway landed on the table and I knew the second star I was going to award this place just for the lemonade and friendly service was gone.  If you're a health fanatic who likes vaguely chili flavoured water with your chicken, paneer etc, then this place might be for you. If your looking for wonderful silky sauces and creamy, nutty tastes, run as far from Indian Curry Bowl as you can.
5	This is our #1 go to restaurant. If we don't eat here at least once a week the cravings won't go away. Each dish is prepared to order with the highest quality ingredients. I would highly recommend if you are vegetarian and even if you aren't try some of the vegetarian dishes. The owners Andy and Rita have such a passion and love for preparing food with the most amazing flavors. For anyone who is complaining about the cost, take a step back and remember you get what you pay for.
1	Very disappointing for what you pay. The onion and garlic Naan was the best part of the meal. other then that nothing stood out or made me want to add this to my list of go to restaurants. We got there at 730 and they close at 9, but the owner was rushing us and pretty much pushed us out the door. There were a few desserts we were eying but he would not allow us to try them.   So in the end we will not be back...
5	Great buffet lunch. Must try the butter chicken with rice.
3	I am not an Indian food expert by any means but I do like to try new places.  I stopped by and they had a sign for a lunch buffet for $9.99 but I wasn;t sure if I wanted a buffet.  The I looked at the menu and saw the prices ($$$) ... I guess the lunch buffet sounds good.They had about 10 menu items - I tried; meatballs, chicken curry, butter chicken, rice, okra, and some garbanzo bean thing.  The only item I didn't like too much was the butter chicken, the chicken was dry.  The meatballs had a healthy dose of cumin which was a little strong for my taste.  The chicken curry was tasty.  My favorite menu item was the okra dish.  The place is nice inside.  I am guessing the fella working there is the owner.  Not exactly mister personality, but I had the buffet so he didn't have to do much.  I read some reviews and I do agree that the prices seem steep for this type of place.  For those prices I would like to see some belly dancers or something!!Overall - I would say better than average food and decent value for the lunch buffet.
1	I was craving indian food one evening and my favorite indian restaurant in North Las vegas, Saffron, is still temporarily closed.  I was really heading to Fresh and Easy to pick up a few items when I spotted Indian Curry Bowl.  I had been curious about this place for a while and looked up reviews on Yelp.  I remembered the microwave issues yet my man thought that having a large table inside was a good sign.  I thought that having only 1 table at 6pm on a Saturday was a bad sign.To make a long story short, we ordered vegetable samosa, lamb samosa, salty lassi, chai, garlic naan and sweet and sour curry.  (By the way, they no longer serve curry bowls.) Right after we ordered I heard a microwave go on. That's okay probably for my water for my chai. The microwave went on 3 times.  Now please understand that the kitchen is in the open.  If they did cook anything fresh one would hear so.  Nobody cooked anything fresh.  The microwave did all the cooking.  The salty lassi was the only item made fresh. My chai had a tea bag. The chicken in our curry was tandoori chicken cut up in chunks, strange.  The samosas lacked flavor and were dry.  The chutneys were okay. Again, they used a microwave to cook.As for the bill, well we were charged for the garlic naan that never made it to our table.  At the time we ordered, we were the only table being served.  By the time we got the bill we were 1 of 2 tables (total of 4 people).  My man called him over and said we never got our naan.  He looked around on our table to be sure because he didn't remember if he had made naan. Really?  Using a microwave to cook=1 star
2	Cute restaurant, food mediocre and not authentic.I guess this place caters to gringo palates. We ordered samosas which were pretty good. the naan was a bit lacking in flavor. Myself and a companion who were familiar with Indian cuisine ordered the matar paneer and vegetable kofta. Food wasn't bad, but lacking in spice and deep traditional indian flavor. This was disappointing as we had specifically requested that our food be very spicy. The rest of our party ordered lamb korma and chicken tikka masala and were generally pleased as they liked their food on the milder side.The owner (who acted as our waiter) was stingy with the rice. He brought us one bowl for five people and gaped at us when we asked for more, mid dinner service. Not that we were being greedy, but this was like the size of a cereal bowl. (when most indian restaurants will give you a serving bowl) He then proceeded to bring us  half a cereal bowl full of rice then said, "ok guys this is all we have." --REALLY.He then paced around the restaurant then glared at us until we left.I understand that we came about an hour before closing, which can be annoying for most restaurant staff, but there were also two other couples dining. Way to get your message across. I get it, you want us to get the f*ck out. Noted.So we quickly finished and left. Needless to say I will not be returning. I've had better Indian Food in the backwoods of North Carolina. Service  was fast, food is ok in a pinch if you're desperate. But for me, Indian Curry Bowl is to Indian food as Taco Bell is to Mexican food.
1	This was our second visit to the Indian Curry Bowl.  We ate there shortly after it opened, and decided then never to go back. It was very expensive, especially for the no-frills location and decor.  There was no-one in the place at 6PM except us, and they still got our order completely wrong.   But it's been awhile, and there is a sign that says Best of Las Vegas 2011 (is there a restaurant that isn't on the Best of Las Vegas list?), so we went in for the lunch buffet.  The troll that owns the place is almost enough to make you flee in fright, but we suffered through him anyway.  There were about 10 different things on the buffet table, two chicken dishes, meatballs and the rest vegetarian dishes.  Naan at the beginning of the table should have been enough to make us change our mind.  It was charred, flat and dry, but we took a piece anyway.  The chicken curry was okay, and the "butter" chicken, whatever that is, wasn't too bad either.  However, most of the rest of the dishes were less than good.   Naan, usually one of our guilty pleasures, was awful.We have eaten in many, many Indian restaurants here and around the world and are very familiar with Indian food, bad and good.  Origin India in Las Vegas, in our opinion, is the very best in town, and India Oven is pretty good too.  There were only two other tables of people in the restaurant while we were there, at the noon hour, and one of them was eating the food with gusto. I don't want to question their taste, because this place has been open for a couple of years, so there must be some people who like it.  However, we don't, and won't be going back.
4	The best indian food I've ever had! Their lamb is cooked to perfection!
4	First few times I  tried this place, I liked what I usually order which is chicken korma curry with rice and naan.   I'd only go when I'd have the urging for curry and bc it is in my neighborhood, but I'd spend an easy $20 even just for my small lunch and always thought it was overpriced.   I was so pleased to see their lunch buffet for 9.95 during the week, 12.95 on weekends.  I've been twice now and each time I had a little bit of every item, which were all nicely flavored.  Both times, finished everything on my plate and was super happy. So spending a $20 for weekend buffet, drink and tip was worth to me bc I got to try everything instead of just one item for the same price.   Service and ambiance there has always been a little lack luster, but they must be reading their reviews bc the old man was no where to be found and the wife was super welcoming and friendly, and they had an attentive bus boy to help out.  I think they need some nice Indian music playing to kill the monotony.   But  I'm glad they are still open and in the neighborhood!  I'd recommend trying the buffet during the week for the best deal.
4	We had take out and it was pretty good for Las Vegas indian food.  We had 3 different dishes and each of them was delicious.  The nan was okay, the garlic nan could of used a little more garlic.  Overall it was good though.  Check it out if you are in the area.
4	I go before closing and order the tandori chicken. They serve it with bell peppers and onions. It ask comes with rice and lemons. I order rai cucumber sauce and garlic nan. The owner is very friendly and always knows what I want. Nice to see a family run business. The chai ice tea is good too. Will try buffet soon
1	My wife picked up orders of lamb and chicken vindaloo and naan.  The vindaloo was supposed to be level 8 of 10 for heat, it was so bland I would say it was actually level 0.  The naan was very dry and did not even hold together, it was like bread particle board.    Not a good meal, but it wasn't over.  8 hrs later I began to have the most violent episode of food poisoning I have experienced in 45 years.  12 hours of projectile fluids coming out both ends.  I am lucky I was the only one in my family eating the Curry Bowl fare.  I will never go near the place again.  But hey, at least it was too expensive.
2	I have been here 3 times. I don't know why I've chosen to go so many times, but each time has not been a good experience. #1 - My old roomie said it was her favorite Indian food in town. It must have been the only place she's ever tried. Horrible service, very bland food. #2 - I was craving Indian for lunch, and this was the only place in the Northwest at the time. I ordered take out, took longer than I was told, charged me for the extra rice and naan I ordered, but failed to give it to me. Again, the food was very bland and watery. #3 - They had just advertised a new buffet for lunch. My boyfriend and I had both agreed this place was not very good, but we decided to give it one more try for the buffet. Horrible service, and very distasteful food. They didn't direct us to anything, just expected us to know how it worked didn't ask us if we needed anything. There was hardly any food to chose from and what there was available was cold and hardly any left. If you've never had Indian food, this place will most likely not ever give you a good impression of it.
