1	Well I am sorry I was not the first to steer you away from this place. Its right around the corner from where I live but I drive 10 miles to wash elsewhere. Why? Every single time I have had a car washed there the wash is inferior, the interior and exterior is never done completely and to top it off something is always stolen from my car.The workers there are thieves! Yes, it is usually just the change from my console, but this week it was my gate remote. Of course the manager could not help out and of course there was no way to prove anything. I warn you, if you absolutely insist on an inferior wash and want something stolen from your vehicle go there. If not avoid like the plague.
2	For years I've gone to Happy Harry's for their exterior wash only, with the occassional full wash. It's funny, I checked the reviews before I left this last time and was shocked to see the unpleasant experiences people expressed. I had not had such misfortune ... until this last visit. I paid $17 for interior and exterior and I was so disappointed. The outside looked great, but I had to re-clean the entire interior when I got home. The crumbs were still dancing around the gear shift, there was a candy wrapper front and center on the driver side and when I picked up the carpet on the passenger side, a movie stub and starbucks napkin were plain as day. The attention to detail was lacking. Regrettably, I won't have a full wash done there again.
1	I  just had my oil changed @ Happy Harry's today. The service tech came advised that I should have my transmission fluid changed because it was black and dirty? Well I was busy (it's Christmas Eve) so I declined the service. Upon returning home asked my husband if he could check the tyranny fluid as the guy said I should have it flushed, my husband told me he had just had it done 1 month ago when he had the timing belt replaced; so he went out and checked the fluid to be sure and "it's nice and pink", not black and dirty! So were they trying to rip me off, or rip and woman off? My husband called and spoke with a manager but it didn't seem as if they cared. Not returning to this car wash anymore, and it's right around the corner from my house. To bad Happy Harry's we have 3 cars washed monthly!  Shouldn't cheat people....
4	I pulled into Happy Harry's on a Thursday afternoon to get the company vehicle washed and was pleasantly surprised to hear that it was happy hour, in turn means $5 off any wash. After paying the attendant, you simply pull up to the drive-thru wash and let the spinning brushes take over. After the wash, you will be directed to drop it off so they can hand dry, vacuum, and apply all the shiny cleaners to your tires, wheels and interior. This process took about 10 minutes which I was good with after seeing him clean my vehicle was. Happy Harry's is the closest full service car wash in my neighborhood. I will definitely be back! Now, I just wish I knew if they run the happy hour specials everyday or just select days?
5	Yesterday I went to Superpumper down the road to fill a propane tank. 2 young men were "working". Both behind the counter, not another customer in sight. I was told that the one guy was "about to clock out and so that leaves me all alone" and so he could not fill my tank.  I assume the guy clocking out was scheduled til 7pm as it was about 6:50 pm. I said "Ok I will go down the street instead" and they just let me walk out. I drove another 1/2 mile further from my home to the Happy Harry's gas station/market/car wash. There I found a young LADY working all by herself and guess what? She happily filled my tank! Guess what else? I filled up my work van $81 with gas and tipped her $5 on top of my $17 worth of propane. The Superpumper lost almost $100 in sales cuz their 2 male employees were too lazy to do their job and lost out to a little girl (and their nearest competitor) who in all honesty I expected to turn me away. I wouldn't even have been mad at her if she had said "NO". I thanked her and told her the story and let her know that I will be using their services from now on. I will drive the extra distance to Happy Harry's every time. Your competition blew it but your great employee (forgot the name, lil Hispanic female) stepped up and went above and beyond when it would have been easy to take the easy route and just say no. Thanks to her you have a happy and loyal customer.
4	Employees can be nice but some can be mean. Gas is pretty expensive here so I recommend going to Circle K right across the street for about a 10 cent difference. It's either a hit or miss when you go here to get your car washed. Some employees do a good job and make sure they don't miss anything to dry on your car and some employees miss spots which then you have to go back home and re-do yourself which gets very annoying. They do always clean cars fast even when doing interior and exterior washes.
1	Talk about BAD customer service! I won't be back to this place. The manager is far from a "happy" Harry - he's hateful, and he made me pretty unhappy, too.  I stopped in today for a car wash because I'm hoping to trade in my vehicle when I go car shopping this afternoon.  I pulled in to the side entrance (opposite the car wash entrance), put a little gas in my vehicle and at the pump, the machine asked DO YOU WANT A CAR WASH TODAY?  I selected the yes button, and I paid for the car wash with my gas. My receipt showed the purchase on it.  I drove over to the little station where the man usually is standing so people can purchase their wash.  The lane to the right of the station had a sign in front of it, but the lane to the left didn't.  I was on the left side anyway, so I pulled up there.  That's when I realized there was no one in the station.  I saw a young man standing at the entrance of the wash area, so I rolled down my window and called out to him asking what I was supposed to do since there was no one there.  He said they weren't washing cars today because it had been raining earlier.  I said I already paid at the pump and asked what I should do.  He told me to pull forward and that they would do my car since I had already paid.All was going well until I got through the wash and over to the interior cleaning side. The manager was there. After ripping the receipt out of my hand, he went into the store part of the facility, so I followed him.  There he gave me a lecture about moving his signs, and ignoring the fact that they weren't doing washes. I attempted three times to explain the situation, but he kept talking over me with a raised voice. I finally said that I needed for him to stop talking so I could explain, told him his machine ASKED if I wanted a wash, that I had no idea that they weren't washing cars that day because the entrance I came in had no signage to that effect, that I did NOT move any signs and that I was waved in by his employee, and that he didn't need to make me feel badly for purchasing his advertised product.  He responded by stalking out of the place.Anyway, when I returned home and explained the situation to my husband, he reminded me that the last time he went there - three years ago - they did such a horrible job that he would never go back.  I'm with him on this. They won't get my business anymore.
1	On vacation and giving my Jeep Cherokee to my newly married daughter and her husband, I decided it needed an oil change and wash/vacuum before turning it over. HH was just down the street from the vacation rental so off I went. The sign by the pumps says basic wash/vacuum is $13. But the pump was going to charge me $14. Inside I went with questions. It's $14 for trucks which included my old JC which I found odd since it's smaller than many cars. But ok, I can do that.Oil change? $41 with all fees and taxes and it includes the $14 wash. That's a good deal. 45 minutes for both is what he tells me.50 minutes later the oil change tech comes in to tell me the oil will be $64 because of high miles. Nope, I say, just the regular oil. Off he goes. I've now been waiting 50 minutes and he hasn't even started the oil change. Go to check out and I'm told it's $46 for the oil change plus environmental and taxes we are now at $52. I remind her what she told be about $41.  I'm told the vehicle used more oil than the original quote (even though she knew the vehicle make/model when she quoted me.) I paid and left. I will not return. My kids who are getting the free jeep will not return.  And perhaps a few people who read this review will not visit this location. Be honest up front - quote the right price and right time. I may have been willing to wait, I may have left and returned another day. I would have paid the $51 with no bad feelings had I been told up front. But be dishonest with me once and you lose a customer.
3	I've never met Harry but I'm sure he's happy because he gets so much for a so-so car wash.  For this area he's pretty much the only game in town so he can get away with it.For a full service car wash it's a little strange. You sit in your car as it is magically transported through the wash/rinse/blow dry machine.  As you come out you have to drive your car into one of 5 or 6 lanes for the final drying, window washing, vacuum, etc.  No one is there to tell you which lane to choose.  It's like the supermarket, pick an aisle and I guarantee  it'll be the slowest aisle in the store.  After you exit your car you hop/skip/jump across the other lanes to get out of the way.  I often wonder if anyone has been mowed down there.The wash itself is OK, not great.  The staff outside consists, I think, mostly of day laborers and they're attentive and do a good job.  However, no one outside seems to speak English so if there's a problem you have to point - "Here - see the dead bug??"  It's at least as good as Danny's Family Carwash but with the added benefit that when you pull in you don't have the windshield repair guy, the window tint guy, the tire guy and the handwax guy jumping you like you do at Danny's.
2	It is difficult to get a quality car wash job at happy harry's. Both times my car has been washed there they have failed to clean the inside of the windows. After my most recent visit to this location I have to go home and use windex and paper towels to finish the inside of the car ... not just windows but the dashboard and panel. Unfortunately for me they are the only place that is convenient and close in cave creek. I hope danny's family car wash or another competitor comes to cave creek soon.
1	Is now cobblestone. Higher prices. Wash is even worse than before. "Vacuum" and they left kids crumbs on seat and wrappers on the floor. What a joke.  Won't be back.
1	NEW ownership COBBLESTONE !! terrible terrible stay away. Bad car wash job and did not clean seats or cup holders.
5	I am not sure what everyone is talking about but I had a great experience!!! I called despite the reviews due to a car peeing in my car that is two weeks old! They got me right in! Got all the smell out and detailed the crap out of my new car. Looks better than it did when I got it and for what all I got done they were greatly priced!!
