1	The staff here is nice, but the doctor treating my family member, Dr. D. Kim, was horrible.  For example, he told her that he would prescribe six medications one evening during her hospital stay - and he only ordered two of them.  Luckily we were observant and realized this.The nurses, CNAs & case workers here are very nice, but avoid Dr. Kim.
5	My first experience with this hospital was on December 14, 2007 @ 10:20 am. My twin brother @ the age of 37 had a heart attack & was rushed in to surgery. The operating staff literally removed a patient from the operating table in order to operate on my brother & install 2 stints. I will be forever grateful to this hospital for giving me my brother back. We just celebrated our 39th birthday together because of them. I love this hospital and if God forbid I ever need one, this is the hospital I want to go to.
5	I found myself having an emergency c-section and my daughter was born early.  The staff on the maternity floor and the NICU have been great.  I felt the level of care and the level of professionalism were wonderful.  Having a staff that genuinely cares about their patients made what could be a horrible experience a lot easier to manage for my husband and I.  I can tell the nursing staff really cares about my daughter and they are cheering for her to get to go home soon.
5	I had my baby at Southern Hills and the nurses in labor and delivery and my Dr. Jason Pollock were amazing.  I couldn't have asked for a better expierence and more caring nurses.  Dr. Pollock is awesome and really down to earth.
3	Mixed reviews of this hospital.  The Emergency Room staff deserves 5 stars.  I have been treated there as a patient and taken others there to receive treatment.  They have the shortest wait times I've ever experienced at a hospital and they diagnose the medical issue fairly quickly.It's a more mixed story for the upper floors of the hospital where patients are kept overnight for observation.  The nurses seem overworked and super stressed.  When I received treatment there, my family had to push hard for the nurses to come give me pain medication when it was due (we would wait an hour after the appointed time some days and still not see anyone).  Other days, the staff was amazing and had everything ready before I could even think of it.  One last concern: they seemed a little disorganized.  On two different occasions a nurse came to get me for someone else's surgery and seemed confused when I explained I was not getting that surgery.  I guess that's why they have name tags on everything -- to make sure those mistakes don't get the wrong patient on a surgery table.
3	I visited a neighbor who had surgery a day ago.  The hospital was quiet and clean, and parking is very easy.The staff who came into my neighbor's room were pleasant and competent.What else is there to say except it's better to visit than be staying there.
3	I had my son at Southern Hills hospital in November of 2011. My overall experience was alright. The majority of my nurses were terrible, and a few were excellent. Surprisingly, there was really no median. I wish I could remember their names. I am so thankful that my nurse that was there right before and during the actual arrival of my son was so helpful. If it wasnt for her, I would have had a c section for sure. She flipped my body from side to side every hour or so, to help me dialate. I had an epidural, so my legs were completely numb. I couldnt really help her move me...and she did all the work. She did everything in her power to avoid a c section, and the end result was a vaginal birth. My major complaint was that not one nurse told me how to care for my baby after he was born. I had no idea how much to feed him, how to burp him, how to breastfeed etc. Another nurse helped me breastfeed, she was great as well. One nurse gave my boyfriend the wrong vaccine when she gave us the pertessus vaccine. That was a horrible mistake! The floor manager came and apologized, but wow..that could have been bad! My son ended up having jaundice...and had to stay an extra night without me. I feel like he got jaundice from me not feeding him enough. I wish one of the nurses would have told me I wasnt feeding him enough, I had no idea.
4	I had to have some minor outpatient surgery, and my surgeon uses this facility.  I was told by my doctor to come in for pre op visit, and was given paper work with the orders for pre op blood work.  When I arrived, I was greeted right away and within a few minutes brought to the back.On the morning of surgery, I arrived at the designated time and was quickly brought to the surgical center to be prepped.  My surgery went very well, I was in and out in just a few short hours.  During my stay, the staff was courteous, skilled and worked as a team.  It was refreshing to see them work well with each other.  Overall a good experience, and would use this facility in the future.
2	While my review may be negative, I want to acknowledge the positives of Southern Hills Hospital. Because of the real estate crash, Southern Hills serves an underpopulated locale in Las Vegas. As a result, the facilities are clean and new, and the wait time for treatment never seems too long, at least for the emergency room.However, it is difficult for me to recommend the hospital because of my ongoing experience with their treatment of my mom.Before I go further, I want to make clear that I am not expecting any miracles from this hospital. My mom is 89 years old this year, and she is contending with some serious issues. All I want for her is professional attention and comfort; the majority of the staff at Southern Hills fails on both counts.My mom was admitted two nights ago because of pneumonia. Three weeks ago she was diagnosed with the early stages of tuberculosis from the state health department (only the blood cultures were positive, the sputum tests were all negative). For precautionary reasons, she was given a solitary room on the ICU floor.Although tuberculosis can only be contracted with consistent, unprotected exposure to the victim from three hours plus according to a doctor (Syed Shah) I consulted yesterday, the masked, sterilized nurses, treat my mom like they could catch the disease at any moment. During our stay, the nurses purposefully avoid my mom's room. To give you an example of how negligent these staff members were, the nurse this morning told me to take my mom's sputum sample because she said she wanted to go on her lunch break. I did this and she forgot to retrieve the sample and I had to deliver it myself outside.Later on, the same nurse returned to my room and informed that she may have bronchitis. Although, as a medical professional, she should know that catching TB from my mom under such safe conditions is impossible, she said that she was only coughing in my mom's room; there is no relation. Moreover, considering my mom's compromised immune system and the condition of the patients in ICU, if she has bronchitis, she shouldn't be caring for anybody directly.My mom has been very cold and when I requested blankets, I have always been forced to wait at minimum 30-40 minutes before having to fetch it for myself.This lack of care and attention may seem trivial but, on this particular hospitalization, it caused the ICU staff to miss several critical vital signs of my mom. For the entire time here, my mom's heart rate has been elevated far beyond the normal range. The responsibilities of the nursing staff includes the monitoring of these kinds of obvious vital signs (the heart rate is the big glowing green number on the top of the vital signs screen). The nurses allowed this to remain unattended for 36 hours at least and yesterday evening, the heart rate accelerated and became irregular, frequently spiking over 200 bpm. This is the range that threatens a heart attack.By a lucky coincidence, Dr. Syed Shah, a kidney specialist, happened to be seeing my mother and noticed the irregular heartbeat, ordering the nursing staff to provide treatment to my mom and to call a cardiologist. Since the initial treatments last night, my mom's heart rate improved, but still required more treatment as it remain 40 beats above normal on average. None of the nurses recorded this and they all allowed my mom's heart to race until just a few hours ago.I'm not the kind to cause trouble but the nurses left my mom with a high heart rate which prevents her from being able to sleep and causes feelings of anxiety and discomfort; my mom was left in this condition for over a day without seeing the cardiologist at all. I had to severely reprimand the nursing staff and suddenly, they decided to medicate my mom further and to bring in the cardiologist late in the evening. Only now has my mom's heart rate returned to normal.The point of my story is this: Southern Hills has nice facilities but if you or a loved one are suffering from a serious condition, understand that the attention you receive will likely be sparse. If you are unable to monitor your loved one's condition, I suggest you find treatment elsewhere. Remember, the nursing staff in this incident should be experts at their profession as they are the ICU staff; instead Southern Hills has the ICU run by the amateur, the superstitious, and the uncaring, forcing the patient's family to get them to do what should be the routine job of watching something like the heart rate. I can only imagine how much more incompetent the nurses are on the less critical floors.I want to mention an evening nurse named Rick, who was a decent, attentive professional, but one nurse is not enough to overcome all these other shortcomings.
2	UPDATE 4/3/2012I'd like to add another experience that I forgot to mention. My mother cannot eat from her mouth as it causes severe coughing because of damage received from a surgery to the throat over ten years ago. For the last two years now, she receives food, water and medication through a GI tube connected directly to her stomach.This is all clearly spelled out in my mom's medical chart, yet the nurse who received my mom somehow missed this and forced her to take medication through the mouth. She only coughed out the pill several hours later. This, by itself, is ridiculous and intolerable but it's made even worse by the fact that my mom came to the hospital for treatment of her lung. This gross oversight made my mom's condition far worse than it had to be for the first day or so. Of course, I needn't mention the severe discomfort this put my mom through, having to deal with a pill and water stuck in her lungs.This further underscores my review. The care at Southern Hills is inadequate at best. Once more, remember this is the behavior you can expect from the nurses that are supposed to be the cream of the crop, the ones charged with the care of the critical patients in the ICU.It's so frightening that a nurse won't even read a chart before administering treatment. When I confronted her, she just shrugged and dismissively said "I don't know." Well lady, I don't know how you're a nurse. I can only hope this review puts pressure on Southern Hills to raise their standards of care.
4	I delivered my baby here in February 2012 and overall I was happy with my experience.This hospital is fairly new and is never crowded. The few times I have been here it has actually been pretty deserted, even the emergency room. I was here for an outpatient surgery last year and had a good experience that time as well.The room I had in Labor and Delivery was nice and spacious. The bed was comfortable as far as hospital beds go. There is cable TV and wifi. There is a bed that folds out for your partner to sleep in. They did everything in the same room without having to move me. I was in the room during labor and for the delivery. My baby was cleaned, weighed, checked and whatever else they do all in the same room. I liked that my baby was always in the room with me.I elected to get an epidural and I wasn't happy with the anesthesiologist. He was very cold. Getting a needle poked into my spine is scary enough and his attitude made the process even more nerve wracking. Luckily the epidural lasted through the entire labor.I had several nurses help me during my stay. A few nurses were better than others. It is easy to tell which nurses were there for a job from those who truly care about their patients. The nurse who assisted me during my delivery was great. She made me feel comfortable and was a wonderful coach when I had to push. After delivery, I was moved into another room for recovery. The room was smaller but was still spacious and had all of the amenities I needed. The nurse who assisted me in that room was not very helpful. She kept leaving the door open whenever she left the room which was inconvenient for when I was by myself and trying to breastfeed. The two nurses who assisted me after her shift were much better. Both of them were very caring and checked on me and my baby regularly.I wish this hospital had more support when it comes to breastfeeding. As a first time mom, it would have been helpful to see a lactation consultant. I did take a class prior to delivery but all of my studying didn't help when I needed it most. All in all, I had a pleasant experience at this hospital.
4	I'm frequently at the doctors offices attached to Southern Hills and their set up is really nice. I love how new the hospital is. I've seen many of the valleys facilities and pretty much all of them need a major up grade, except this place! They have plenty of parking and like the said the offices are super nice. I like coming here, plus its super close to my house so its like win on top of win on top of win !
5	Southern Hills Hospital has the best staff ever! So far I have had two major surgeries performed at this hospital and both times have been remarkable experiences. The staff that works there are very competent and sincere in what they do. I delivered my son there in March 2012 and the nurses who worked in the labor and delivery room made me feel like I was at home. They were very attentive and always did their jobs with a smile. I had another surgery performed there yesterday and once again I had a pleasant experience. My nurse made sure that I understood the procedure and that I was comfortable. As a matter of fact, anyone who I came in contact with that worked for the hospital made sure that I was comfortable. Whenever I need to get a surgery performed, this will be the first hospital of choice for me. It is very clean and the employees take great care of their patients. I can definitely see why they were voted to be one of the best hospitals, they have my support in backing that statement up for sure.
4	Just delivered my sweet bundle of joy here!  Overall, a very good experience.  A few glitches here and there...but pretty great experience in general.  I felt well taken care of at all times.  I thought the nurses, lactation consultant, kitchen staff, cleaning crew, and so on were all very nice and helpful.One major problem....hubby went home and loaded up on snacks for us to have during our 5 day stay.  He brought apples, carrot sticks, cheese, pineapple, a couple of tupperwares of leftovers and so on.  He labeled it as instructed with our name and room number and put it in the pantry.  When we went to get it, someone threw it all away!  They threw away all or our tupperwares and everything!  What the heck?!?!? how rude!!!The hospital is very quiet, stress free, and offers all the amenities you could ask for.  I would recommend it for a delivery for sure.
1	So, back from my 6 month hiatus, I'm starting with this LONG overdue review...*SIGH*You would think that a hospital that's not as old as the other hospitals in town like this one compared to other ones that have been around for a few decades would AT LEAST have better customer service, educated doctors and new technology.,..................I have family members that have had the unfortunate experiences of having to be hospitalized numerous times and I've always been selected as the overnight companion so although I was never the patient, I was always accompanying someone who was the patient. I've stayed at several hospitals in town and I have to say, Southern Hills is HORRIBLE.1. The nurse at the E.R. desk right when you walk in obviously doesn't like her job. She was rude and would probably be a lot prettier if she smiled.2. When someone is placing an I.V. into someones veins and this someone works in the E.R. (a department where I'm pretty sure they do this shit often) you would think that they could place it without bruising someone who doesn't bruise easily. 3. When a patient says he doesn't want to take a medication because he doesn't like the side effects and to please find another alternative (which is your right) you DON'T say "But, the Doctor ordered it, you'll be fine". Bitch, let me take a medication that makes you queasy and pump it into your system and see how you like it!!!4. You know it's a bad sign when the patient is able to manipulate the Doctor's decision towards the patients preferences. 5. When this hospital opened, flat screens were already in existence... Tell me why this place looks like it opened in 1980?!Honestly, I'd rather take the extra 5 minute drive down to Spring Valley Hospital purely based on customer service and knowledgeable staff. It's as though they send new grads to Southern Hills Hospital. Even my Endocrinologist that's in the Medical Center is a friggin' twit! It's an extra 5 mins away, JUST GO TO SPRING VALLEY HOSPITAL.
4	Rating a hospital is not always a good thing.  I'm not a fan of hospitals at all, regardless if there are good things that do happen there, like baby births.  Unfortunately for me, I had to get checked into the emergency room around 1:30am.  I was in the most pain I had ever experienced in a long time.  The lady at the front must have noticed how much pain I was in, because she quickly checked me in.  I had to wait about 5 minutes for a bed, which felt like forever when you are in pain, but luckily I was able to get in and get taken care of immediately. I didn't get out of the hospital until almost 9am in the morning.  The delay was mostly because they were doing plumbing repairs and the water was shut off, so their laboratory was unable to perform tests.  I had to wait for my blood work to be done off-site.  Overall though, they were friendly to me the entire time, tried to make me feel comfortable and diagnose my ailment.  For a hospital experience, an emergency one at least, I would rate it a comfortable experience and the doctors and staff were professional and a class act.  I'd definitely go back to them for ER or any other services if needed in the future.  Hopefully this will be my first and last review.  I'm not interested in being back inside a hospital.
1	i wont go here ever again even if I'm dying. Long story short I came here last Saturday night because my leg had gotten run over by a car and I was in sever pain. I knew nothing was broken but I was worried about blood clots or tissue/muscle damage so to be on the safe side I wanted to be checked out. The ER was completely empty which was nice but now i know why. Once in a ER room I was seen by about 6 different people and every time I told them the situation how my leg was run over they each started laughing and the doctor even had the audacity to comment on my hair color (it being blonde) I have never felt so disrespected in my life and he wouldn't even show me my test results from my cat scan and xrays. So now I'm stuck with a $3,000 bill and I have nothing to show for it. He wouldn't even prescribe me ibuprofen for the pain. I will never return
5	My husband goes here, to see Dr. Lipshaw....I'm sure I'm spelling his name wrong, he's so cool, and down to earth.   When there was a problem with Tri Care insurance not paying him, he treated my husband for free!   My husband speaks so highly of this Dr.  and he always looks forward to seeing him.
4	I've stayed at this hospital several times. Great staff. The ER is usually pretty quick. The facility is clean and well maintained. They offer free wifi.One of the best hospitals in Las Vegas.
5	My wife and I toured Labor and Delivery here.When we walked in we were quickly greeted by the people at the information desk and asked if we needed any assistance. My wife and I explained that we wanted to tour the labor and delivery area. They pointed us in the correct direction and we were on our way to tour.My wife and I really loved how friendly and how informative the staff was here they really made us feel comfortable and at home. The nurses really made us feel welcomed.My wife and I saw the delivery room and it was big and they explained that you stay in the same room through your entire pregnancy. The one thing that stuck out to me about the room and the only reason we did not go with Southern hills was because... (ok now this might seem small but ill explain) the TV was an old tube TV. Now i know for most people they would say you didn't choose the hospital because of the TV??!! and I would say yes!! And I will explain my thought process behind this. The reason that the TV made me uncomfortable was because this is going to be my first baby and I want to make sure my kind has the best that healthcare can provide. NOT SAYING THAT THE BABY WILL WATCH THE TV but if a hospital does not have a budget to upgrade their TV's what do i expect of the medical equipment I can only hope that the medical equipment takes a priority in being upgraded but by leaving an old tube TV it just made me weary about the equipment all together.The staff is wonderful tough.
4	Clean hospital and plenty of parking
5	We are getting ready to check out of here within the next 2 hours so I thought is take a few minutes to review the hospital. First look at the hospital is pristine, inside and out. The grounds the building everything about the hospital looks good at first glance. The halls and the rooms are comfortable where many medical facilities are somewhat cold in feel. The staff on the labor and delivery floor are very helpful and the bedside mannerisms are great. We felt more like guests than just patients. The nursing staff members are very attentive, prompt on the check up of my girlfriend and our lil baby.  Hospital food is well...hospital food but everything else top notch. We live quite a distance from southern hills hospital, but have no issues making the long drive because of the overall experience.
5	This place is top notch. Class A Hospital. My mom went in for a spinal surgery.  She was given the best post op care I have ever seen.  Every staff member provided personal and professional care.  Coming from some of the best hospitals in So Cal I was surprised to see how great this place was.  I can't thank them enough.
5	Can't say enough good things! The registration nurses started off the great experience. They were both so wonderful to my little girl that cut her head. They brought her back immediately to ask the dr what he thought about her cut and he stated she needed staples. So we registered her and got right into a room. The nurse, Michelle, was sweet as could be and very caring. Dr Goldberg stapled up her wound and it was time to be discharged. All in all we were there for about 30 mins. It's nice to have hospital staff that was so caring and thorough!
2	Staff was nice.
1	Nightmare staff, criminal E.R. nurses. This place needs an undercover investigation. One hostile nurse yanked on me as I lay in a fetal position with my spine condition, telling me to calm down. I said please dont pull on me, I have a serious spinal injury. She says "what, from like a hundred years ago?" These harried e.r.monsters need sensitvity training, or at the very least some education on spine conditions and their PERMANENCY. This place is a shame.
2	As much as I'd like to say this hospital is wonderful, I can't as the billing problem I have hasn't been resolved and it's been 10 days since I've asked for assistance. ER wait time is great! The ER staff is pretty good! Moved me through for testing rather quickly.  The only problem with the staff was that the nurse in charge gave me the wrong persons' paperwork to check out with.  Hence the problem. We told the discharge person that the paperwork wasn't for me and gave her my name. She told us that was ok but she still applied our payment to another account. How irresponsible can a person get? I didn't notice the charge until the next day when I went to file the paperwork. Today is Friday, I'm scheduled for surgery on Monday and my insurance deductibles are all messed up because of this. Thank you admissions/billing Southern Hills Hospital.
5	This place is awesome.  We got right in when my son had croupe. The nurses and doctors are so caring.
1	I'm so not happy with this place after sitting here with my mom for last 24 hrs. So many little things... It's like falling thru the cracks!The ER Staff was fine. She got put in a nice room. And that's about it as far as "good" goes. Nobody seems to know WHY she's here. She's been given random tests that nobody seems to be able to explain why & what for?!She didn't come in with any pain- but they wanted to give her morphine... When she said NO... Their response is "YOURE REFUSING?!?!"They can't seem to get her prescription timing/dosage correct, much less how about listening to her when she's telling you which prescriptions she EXACTLY ON.The nurses aren't listening to what she's saying. The doctors aren't listening. She wasn't given any towels to wash up. She asked for a toothbrush & toothpaste... LAST NIGHT... She got it this morning. They woke her up all night to draw vials of blood the size of tobasco. Then they woke her again to give her a stress test...(unnecessary)~the meds they gave her made her dizzy & nauseas and when she didn't want to get on the treadmill (because of the dizziness)... They again said "YOURE REFUSING?!".... She's DIZZY FROM THE MEDS YOU GAVE HER-so it's your fault! Furthermore... She also hadn't eaten since 6pm yesterday,.. Now it's 11:25am... Guess what-they never fed her breakfast!!!! When I complained her nurse said he'd bring her a Popsicle... I had to go complain again to actually get it... So now suddenly they say they are bringing her an "early lunch"... It's 11:25am.... That's not EARLY!!! Ironically it's now 11:35... They just brought her BREAKFAST??!!! WTF. Amazingly frustrated that nobody seemed to have any idea why she was here. She came in with a fever and was supposed to figure out WHY... They somehow turned this into a heart issue-which it's not. But nobody here would listen, nor explain why they seemed to be concentrating on her heart instead of figuring out what was causing the fever itself.  Seriously, they need to get their heads out of their asses!
1	Great place until the billing happens. They really let themselves down here. I am still working on resolving billing issues from nearly 2 years ago. Just found out that they legally only have to except the primary insurance negotiated discounts, not the secondary insurance. Most providers ethically take both but legally don't have to. Southern Hills would rather take the extra cash that they can and disregard both negotiated discounts rather than be ethical. I wish I could recommend the place, but given the billing nightmare I have had I honestly can't recommend. Go somewhere that will take both discounts or at least take the higher of the 2.
1	I was in the ER to recover from a total hip replacement.  During my stay I was assaulted twice by the same person known only to my as 'Oscar'.  The second time he assaulted me he left bruises on my incision area and right arm. I am filing a police report today.  Also the hospital lost ALL of my belongings. Wallet, keys, camera, grooming razor, all of my clothing including shoes, socks, shirt. Everything I went in with is gone. I also was given meds at the nurses convenience.  It is hard for me to believe that this hospital is allowed to remain open. There were a few good nurses, but the overall quality of care is less than third world. My sister had to bring clothing in so I had something to wear when I was discharged. I have a Doctors appointment in a few days to try to rid myself of the nightmares I keep having after being violently assaulted. On a good note, my surgical Doctor (Welsh) is one of the kindest Doctors I have ever met and did a remarkable job on my surgery...to bad that he loses control of my treatment once I leave his hospital.
1	Service in the ER is a complete joke!!! There were two Asia's working the desk looking at patients and talking about then in there own language. After waiting 4 hours (no joke), the last gave me attitude. They are extremely rude! Never coming here again!
5	I went here for an outpatient surgery and I couldn't be more pleased the staff was very attentive and helpful. Also very kind ! Always checking up constantly with me and letting my wife know what was happening the whole time. I was very impressed night and day compared to mountain view (terrible)
1	Worst ER service EVER!!! was sent to st rose on Sunset and Sienna and the staff in the ER was amazing.. sent me here for insurance a purposes and the service was disgusting!!! So rude! Didn't care what I had to say and didn't help at all as I screamed in agony! Left, called 911 ambulance brought me here and wow, everyone outside of the ER was AMAZING!!! all of my nurses took great care of me but I still can't get over how badly I was treated when I first got here. If you don't like your job, find a different one!!!
1	Two absolutely awful ER visits in two weeks. The second just concluded with meeting one of the nastiest least compassionate doctors I've ever encountered!!  Natalie M Zaharoff needs to be avoided at all costs for positive care!  I cannot even refer to her as a doctor because that is giving her more respect than she have me as a sick patient on a bed in front of her!  Besides her rude condescending demeanor she didn't listen to a single real complaint I had!  (Complaint about how I was feeling not the service.)  Which contrary to her belief is her job!  Or is she just there to hand out drugs and send you on your way??  Too bad for those of us that need more!  From here on out I will be avoiding this hospital...  Too bad they don't care!
1	I was in the ER for a total of 7 hrs. They left an IV in my arm hooked up to nothing and a blood pressure cuff on the entire time. The nurse literally told me "I just work here" after I asked what was going after no word from anyone for 2 hrs. They lied to me. The doctor left his brains and bedside manner at home. Not sure what online college Dr Singh got his medical degree, but a monkey could have done a better job. They still hadn't discharged me after 7 hrs, so I finally pulled the IV out of my arm and got the hell out of there. This was the worst experience ever. Please do not go there unless you are dying. Actually, if you are dying, go to St Rose instead. You may be better off not going anywhere given how bad all the hospitals are in Vegas. I think I'd rather be dead than have to go through that again.
5	Great staff! Very clean hospital. Let's just say, this is the only hospital I can trust in Las Vegas. Never again will I go to sunrise! My stitches were so poorly tied on, my nurse friend can barely cut the knots. **sacrifice a few more minute of pain and drive across town if u have to. Trust me..the wait is FAST here & the staff are caring and friendly!
2	Awful ER service! You'll be waiting for hours. I've been called back about 4 times now; triage, vitals, registration, blood work... Still waiting in the waiting room. Patients are unattended and falling out of their beds! I called for help when I saw this for a whole 2 minutes before someone finally acknowledged me. Seriously people?! Get it together back there!!
5	I had to go to the ER a few months ago. The staff was awesome, I was seen quickly and the facility was clean and tidy. Thank you everyone for taking such good care of me!
4	pre-check in was quick and painless with lots of phone call follow ups . Surgery day went well. There was a couple of questionable actions by a nursing assistant who seemed to be making wrong decisions but at least someone was there to catch them. Anesthesiologist was amazing and full of information. Dr Liu the surgeon did an amazing job again  1st day was great. 2nd day was questionable . There was an emergency on our floor which took away my nurses attention most of the day.Props goes to my physical therapist Amber who was so well trained and professional and acted quickly and properly when my blood pressure took a dive and she acted professionally and calmed me. Special shout out to the nurse and nurse assistant Mimi & Cathy on day 3&4 who took fantabulous care of me
1	We went to Southern Hills Hospital Las Vegas Nevada tonight, Dec. 14,2014 @1:15am. My husband does not feel good. His sugar is so high and he is really ill. Upon arrival to the emergency desk, there's nobody there just us and this clerk at the front was making me sign in. I asked if she can pull out my husband's name. Her response was, " I have one patient here." There were 3 people inside that booth. I usually bring my husband to this hospital for emergency reason. This time, we came to Fremont Medical Center. They accepted my husband as soon as possible no question ask.  Southern Hills Hospital lost $50,000.00 tonight. I'm not sure if I ever bring my husband back there. Receptionist sucks.
