2	The people there were nice, so Ill give them that.  But I called ahead to get 2 shellac manis and 2 shellac pedis.  appointments should mean you don't wait forever.   We waited 20 minutes, then between my nails and feet there was another 20 minutes.  40 extra minutes, and when its using up my valuable sitter time mama gets annoyed, what is the point of calling ahead if they take people that walk in  ahead of getting yours done?  Also when I called I asked specifically for shellac, its a specific brand that is really good, they said they had it but when I arrived they had a substitute brand and told me its the same.  Its not the same, I have a color I like in the shellac brand so they should have been honest and told me they do not have that when I called.Plus they were having a deal that day for free manicure when you do pedicure, and i asked if the shellacs counted and they said yes.  yet somehow my bill came to $145 for 1 shellac pedi one regular pedi and 2 shellac manis.  I just wanted out of there so I didn't feel like quibbling but I will not go back.
1	This salon is filthy. When I was sitting in the pedicure chair I had the pleasure of looking at the nail clippings that had been left behind. At the manicure table there were nail clippings laying around too. I will never go back-it was very dirty.
1	This place was awful at all levels - don't waste your time.  My sister and I went on a Sunday afternoon and we placed our names on their list.  It took them over an hour and a half to do our pedicures because they only had three people working that afternoon and kept taking people in but not notifying us of the wait time.  Their chairs were filthy and the pedicure itself was awful - I kept telling the guy who was working on my feet to remove all the dry skin from my cuticles; it looked like he'd never done it before.  Once my feet were in paraffin, he moved to another customer.  My sister's feet sat in paraffin for over 20 minutes in these filthy booties because the woman working on her feet had to go and start on another customer.  The owner had the audacity to ask my sister if "she was in a hurry" after she'd been sitting there for 20 minutes without anyone completing her pedicure.  Awful, awful, awful...
4	I took my mother there on Mother's Day as a suggestion from my girlfriend. It doesn't seem as bad. My mom seems really enjoy their deluxe pedicure with hot stones or whatever it was. It did take a while because there were a lot of people and we didn't make an appointment. The owner was there and was friendly with us. She did my mom's manicure and it turned out great.She did come back a few times later since and still like it there so it might just be few bad days for you guys.
2	I will say that I am happy with my facial wax and pedicure. However, the manicure was done first with shellac, which looked like dried clumps of candle wax on my nails. I had the woman redo it with regular polish because I had already spent hours of my life there. My novice niece did a better job on my nails in 20 min with a Sally Hansen shellac kit from Walmart. For $80 plus tip, I expect better results!
1	Beware:  The worse gel nail experience. Pedicure was fine but the manicure, gel nail quality and professionalism was the worse I've ever experience. The Technician was in such a rush she ruined my nails. Some fingers had 5 coats of gel on them. Others had 4 coats and the remaining 2-3. She rushed through the drying process and then rubbed them with acetone removing any shine. She was unprofessional enough to tell me they were suppose to look like that. Really?  I'm not quite that naive. I've been doing this fir 18 years in every part if the world.  It was so bad I asked her to remove them so I could leave. Unfortunately, I paid early so I did not have to bother with it at the very end. Bad decision because she argued about giving me a refund for my fingernails. I was prepared to pay for the pedicure. I finally just walked out after the monstrosities were removed from my hands. Her proposed solution was to take $20 off the Bill. I will dispute it through my credit card company.  POOR quality and worse customer service.
1	I went to Nail Spa just because it is close to where I live. I have been there once before just to get a pedicure, which was really good, so I figured I would get both a pedicure and shellac manicure for a weeding I am going to. First I had to wait close to 45 minutes before I was even sat down. Then I was put at a manicure table to take off the shellac I already had on, they had me sit for over 15 minutes with my hands in acetone. Once someone started to work on my nails I told them to only file a bit to shape. She proceeded to file several of my nails almost to the nail bed. She also filed the top of my nails so much that they are thin and I am afraid they will break. Once she was done she sent me to get my pedicure, she didn't even put any lotion on my hands! I will say the pedicure was very good, but while sitting in the chair I saw a roach crawling over the chair next to me.  This place was not worth the $105 that I spent, what a waste of money and time!
1	The people are nice, however, the salon is dirty, dated and the quality of work is shotty.  Charlotte has such a hit-n-miss record when it comes to nail salons, and this is definitely a MISS.   Do yourself a favor and skip it.
5	I don't know why there are so many bad reviews on here. I have only ever had good experiences. Their polish and manicures last 2 days longer than other places. There's not usually a wait and the staff are nice.
2	Two stars is generousand only because the technicians were friendly. The manicure was the worst I ever got it was rushed. I had to ask three times to cut my cuticles more. She slapped nail polish on it was bumpy and literally looked like a child had done it. I asked her to just remove it and I left without polish. I do a better job at home painting myself.I won't be returning. I thought I was on candid camera that is how bad the manicure was. The sides of my nails weren't even painted.
