1	Horrible. I went to the Scottsdale location. It was in the back of a store. The room was dirty. The guy was unprofessional. You sit in a red outside lounge chair, the guy applies the gel then the light. Then the guy trys to sell you toothpaste and other products. During my visit he proceeded to make telephone calls to other people including his friends and supplier. Lastly, the result was just ok. I paid for 3 applications but he only put some on my bottom teeth then some one my top teeth. I could have got the same results at home. Don't waste your money!!
4	This service was great and so affordable, my dentist wanted almost twice the price. The results were far more than I expected. I thought maybe a slight difference in color would be noticable, I was happily surprised at the high level of whitening that was achieved! The staff was friendly and professional and made me feel very comfortable during the entire process. I will be a regular customer.
1	This place is a joke. Bought a groupon for it about a month ago and planned to use it before I left on vacation for 4th of July weekend. Made an appointment for last Saturday and received a call a mere 30 minutes before my appointment to tell me that I need to reschedule because his employee was sick. Not happy about it, but what can you do so I made a new appointment for Tuesday. 20 minutes before my appointment got a call telling me that his employee was MIA and could we reschedule again. I agreed and we set it up for the next day. Wednesday evening rolls around and he calls me 45 minutes before my appointment to tell me there was a flood in the facility and could we reschedule again. ARE YOU KIDDING ME? I told him thanks anyway but I was just going to get a refund from groupon...and he had the gall to HANG UP on me. No trying to persuade me or apologize or anything. This, my friends, is the reason companies go out of business- they can't even get customers in the door...wish I had been able to get the treatment before my trip though.
