5	I swear by this place and no I don't work for them.  They are the NICEST people and I know they're selling something but they are anyway.  I pick up their "Triple Threat" at every Farmers Market I can and I know good beef being a Montana girl.  Truly, if you like good jerky this is the place.  I wish them success in the jerky business which isn't a big money maker it's just a hobby really.  Bring their dreams on.  Pam
5	Ran into Jojo's Jerky stand while attending a Yelp event and boy was I glad I did. Now, I am not a jerky fan at all, but after trying a sample I was hooked! Their jerky is incredibly tasty, just right when it comes to how dry/cured it is (I've had some tough and super dry jerky in the past) and the best part...NO PRESERVATIVES. This stuff is so good I wish I had bought more than just one.With awesome flavors like carne asada, peper, teriyaki, caribbean jerk and spicy triple threat, you will be sure to find a favorite and... they are local so not only will you be having a healthy and tasty snack, but you will also be supporting a local business.
5	After trying some samples, I had to buy several bags.  Very, very tasty stuff.  And way better than the stuff you find in grocery stores and on the side of desolate highways.  My favorite was "triple threat" -- so tender and so much flavor!
5	JoJo's made me love jerky. Seriously... I hated jerky but was urged to try theirs and I'm SUCH a fan now. It's a must try. JoJo's is the reason there's a very fine line between "I'll just have one piece of jerky" and "I'm all out of jerky." 'Nuff said.
5	I absolutely love the teriyaki turkey jerky & Triple Threat. The jerky is awesome & the owner is just as awesome!
5	I enjoy beef jerky but other than the great stuff my brother and his wife occasionally make, I've had to make do with the preservative-loaded C+ variety available at most grocery stores.  That all changed when I saw an article in the Las Vegas Business Press this past weekend about JoJo's Jerky.  High quality and made a few miles away?  As they say in Wisconsin, where the owner Hans Hippert is originally from, "you betcha".  The article had no contact information so I Googled JoJo's Jerky. Among other things the Yelp reviews came up.  I called the number and Hans answered, indicating that he'd be there till about 8 PM. Prior to calling, my next stop was going to be the backyard pool, however, after chatting with Hans I headed to his store/processing facility to check things out.  I confirmed the location in the SE corner of Desert Inn and Jones, right in the corner of the L shaped back building.Hans is a personable young man who is following his dream.  What was once a hobby has evolved into a full time business and for good reason; the jerky he produces is excellent.  As I said in a note back to Hans after trying the first variety last night: "I just enjoyed several pieces of the original/pepper and it's outstanding!  The purity of the ingredients and lack of 'petrochemicals' and other nasty stuff typical of the store-bought jerky comes through with each delicious bite". I highly recommend JoJo's Jerky to any and all.  In addition to a great taste treat, you'll be able to pronounce each of the ingredients on the label.  When's the last time you were able to do that with any Jerky product?  Call ahead to confirm hours of operation: 702-812-2457
5	OH MY!!!  You want to talk beef jerky, let's talk JoJos Jerky.  This is the best stuff ever made. Used to stop and get beef jerky from the store in Baker CA...we thought that was good, forget about it, that tastes like shoe leather, JoJos is perfect in every way.  My husband is hooked on Hell on Earth.  I have to stop by the Farmers Market every week to purchase bags, yes bags!!  Family and friends from CA request  it as well.I don't Yelp about anyting but this beef jerky is worth every Yelp it gets!!! They say it's be best beef jerky straight outta Las Vegas....It's the best beef jerky straight outta ANYWHERE!  LOVE, LOVE, LOVE IT!
5	Best Jerky I've ever had. Triple Threat is amazing. It's gourmet jerky. They have gluten free and sugar free options as well. Way better than Jack Links. And healthier.
5	Jojo's is a perfect example of the need and rationale behind the phrase "buy local". Hans and his crew make the best jerky in the valley, hands down. You want strips? They have 'em. Nuggets? They have those, too. Not a beef lover? They have turkey. And the spice range goes from "mild enough for my mom" to "spicy enough to put me in the fetal position". The crew couldn't be nicer and they mean what they say when they add "a lot of love" to the ingredient panel. Speaking of ingredients, I can pronounce everything on the panel!!!! Even if you're not a jerky fan, I would strongly recommend adding Jojo's to your list. Until they open the new retail shop, I recommend checking out the Fresh 52 when it comes through your side of town for the best selection of Jojo's Jerky. Looking forward to the future of this great local business and watching them grow.
5	I met a gentleman selling Jojo's Jerky at a farmer's market on Eastern and Serene in early November 2013. I didn't purchase anything but wish I did.At a recent visit to the Container Park Downtown, I was delighted to find that there was a Jojo's location convenient and accessible. The man who helped us decide on our jerky was very helpful and attentive with samples, thoughts, and humor. We purchased one bag on this trip, which was Peppered (and gone about the same we got home) but will absolutely buy more in the near future.Outstanding local business - the food is great, the products are reasonably priced, and the service is outstanding. Definitely check out some of their products!
5	Some of the best jerky EVER
3	The guy that works here or owns this place is definitely awesome. Located in the container park down town I think this is a neat little store. Aside from varying different jerky they sell nuts and some of their apparel. BTW their shirts are printed on American apparel which is good quality stuff. Anyways after I tried a bunch I bought the 3 for $20 which was a good deal for speciality items. The jerky flavors were all pretty good but I honestly didn't like the texture of the meat. I couldn't see myself eating it a whole bag let alone 3. I support local places so that's all I'll say. They do give samples so definitely try them out. You can tell you spent time making the flavors.
5	Delicious, friendly, and reasonably priced! What more can you ask for?! I went to the one downtown and it was great. The nicest guy was working, I believe his name was Mike, and we got free samples. I couldn't help but buy something after tasting it! I think they are doing a wonderful job and I will check it out again.
5	Im not a big beef jerky fan but i decided to try it out and was one of the best ive ever had. They are located off desert inn and jones. The owner is a cool guy and have great service. If your into spicy stuff... they have some good stuff for you.
5	We stumbled upon JoJo's Jerky in Container Park last weekend when visiting family. I'm not a fan of jerky at all but wanted to buy some for my dad because I knew it was something he would enjoy. The guy that works here was handing out samples and I decided to give it a shot. I'm not a fan of spicy, I have the worst spice tolerance ever, so he gave me the traditional and teriyaki to try. One word. AMAZING! We ended up leaving with 3 bags of jerky it was so good. Since I live in CA, I will probably be ordering more online if it's an option! Good quality jerky....you won't be disappointed! Plus the guy is super nice and will answer any questions. :)
5	Sampled spicy & sweet varieties. Purchased a bag of teriyaki jerky. I loved the spicy but we settled on the teriyaki because my 3 year old LOVED IT. NO Preservatives, high protein, & something I can get him to eat. That's a winner for me!!! & something I feel good about. Love shopping local & supporting small businesses like this. Lots of care in their products!
4	Most people know about Jojos from Farmers Markets or events. Same goes for me as I discovered them during a Yelp Christmas event. Recently they opened up a storefront in the Container Park (which has a separate listing) that is gaining them new fans. This location in Chinatown is their main office hub where the jerky is made, but they do sell their products here as well. It was right by work, so we decided to swing by once we found out it existed. The one downside is there isn't samples to try of the jerky before buying at this location. I assume they don't get that many people at this location and mainly is just their office. We decided to get wasabi flavor jerky, peppered strips, carloca carne asada jerky, and their jerk spice dry rub. The Carne asada and dry rub we threw into a gift for someone so I can't comment on that, but the other two were for us. The wasabi flavor was nice, but it was a tad salty for me. Their jerky isn't the thin sheet style, but more like chunks or nuggets which is tender and a bit more moist.The strips is pounded out meat that's formed into shape which is normally not my thing as most of them just taste fake and low quality, but I like their quality. I think I may like it better than the chunk jerky even.Support your locals! This is definitely better than average product and it really doesn't cost more than store brand jerky that is levels below in quality.
5	Love their jerky.  Top shelf grade A so tasty so delicious.  10-10 for the best jerky in the game
