4	I hate when people give 1 star reviews. And you see they only have written 1 review. I go here all the time to get a cheap haircut. I don't walk in expecting a 50 min haircut resulting in a masterpeice. I want to get in. Get out. Get cleaned up with something easy to manage for cheap.  The staff is friendly to me. I get what I want at a price that doesn't make me pissed. Boom.
1	HORRIFIC EXPERIENCE!  I decided to save a few dollars and go to this Great Clips location for a quick shampoo and trim.  As I walked in, there was an elderly man in front of me.  He was asking how long the wait was and if it was possible to put his name down. The Assistant Manager, Immanuel, was extremely rude to him and told him they don't take appointments and to go on-line to reserve a time. Then the manager rudely asked him, "do you want an appointment or not" and the poor man looked frustrated and said no and walked out.  I was next in line and gave him my phone #.  I was only interested in a shampoo and trim, so when my turn came I asked the sylist if he could blowdry my hair and the Assistant Manger yelled out from his station, "it's 50 dollars for a blow dry." I told my stylist that it was too much and to forget it. He ended up telling me during my haircut that he would do a quick power dry and would not charge me, so I thought that was nice and  figured I would give him an extra tip.  After the blowdry, we walked over to the register and he told me it would be $48 dollars.  As he noticed that amount was incorrect, the Assistant Manager, Immanuel, stepped away from his customer and angrily walked over.  He was very confrontational telling me to look at the wall to see the prices.  His attitude totally shocked me and I told him that he was being very rude.  After he walked away, my stylist was trying to find a solution, but Immanuel came back and was practically in my face yelling about the prices. I actually had to tell him to BACK OFF twice and then he told me, " I AM THE ASSISTANT MANAGER," which was absolutely ridiculous!!  People like Immanuel do not belong in management, or customer service.  I did call their corporate headquarters and the owner of this location called me back right away and was very apologetic and refunded me the blow dry.Immanuel is surely scaring customers away and  I wouldn't trust him to run my business.
5	Yes!  Great Success @ Great Clips El Norte!For boys, it's a simple haircut - done by professionals that truly care how you look when you rise from the chair.Ask for Hollie.Went in feeling like a slug, came out ready to jam with the Stones!Seriously - and make sure you "check-in" on line.  Place was jammed on a Tuesday AM.  Don't take my word for it - a good sign for guaranteeing a great result is a room full of people waiting to get their hair cut.  Keith Richards won't live forever, so get to this Great Clips and get your hair done right - I said, dance, dance little sister - Dance!
