5	Ugh...I guess Vegas never wanted me to leave. I was driving on the I-15 at 3am and I was about 3 miles from Goldstrike Casino in Jean, NV and something black on the freeway disabled my front left tire and I was on my rim....Now I know how it feels when a police car sets up those stopsticks on those chases. I called my insurance company and they sent me a guy to replace my torn tire with a spare tire. I searched Yelp Las Vegas and I found this place. The tow truck driver also recommended this place as well. I drove 25 miles back to Vegas with my spare tire and it was just embarrassing.I arrived and it was 24 HOURS!! WHAT?! I don't believe it. So, I drove in and they went to fix my car right away. It took them 15 min and I was ready. I guess Tire Service is a VERY GOOD demand and I am glad they are open especially at 5am. I just wanted to go home. They charged me $40 for my tire and I was off back to Los Angeles. This morning, it was a wake up call I am a big guy, but I was scared as heck. Getting a flat tire on the I-15 and at 3am is just something no one should ever be in. My rim is probably damaged since my steering is very tense and I might need to see another place, but I am glad to be HOME!!Have Fun here and Keep Yelping!!
5	Yesterday I caught a flat tire couple blocks from them and looked them up on Google maps. I have low profile tires that should be replaced after getting a flat, so I walked in here and couldn't believe they are open 24 hours! They offered to drive me back to my car, take off the bad tire, then bring it back, check the size and go back to my car to install another one. Most amazingly, they charged me only $45 for a $200 tire, although it was a used one. It looked new, so I don't care and can probably drive 6 months on this one. Only $10 service charge, of course I gave them a good tip too.
5	So it's our annual trip to Las Vegas and as we pull in around noon o'clock a little light on my dashboard goes on.  I say "wtf does that mean?".  Well, it means that the tire pressure is low.  So we put air in all the tires and it seems that the issue is fixed.Several hours later, after I've grown tired of the strip we decide to head out and find something more affordable and low key.  We end up at a restaurant that's open 24 hours, excellent!  It's about 11 p.m. now.  As I make a uturn to go into the parking lot something sounds funny, the car won't turn like it should...this just isn't right.We pull into the lot, I get out and low and behold...my rear tire is flat.  This is my first flat ever.  I can fix a lot of things, but for some reason I was really caught off guard by this.  So we ate, I pulled out my AAA card, contemplated them.  Then I used the trusty Yelp app on my phone and found this place.  Only a mile away!  Sweet!  And 5 stars?  Even better.  Open 24 hours?  Sold!We make our way over to this place, pull in and they immediately help us out.  They told me I shouldn't have driven on a flat tire and that we'll probably have to get it replaced...ahhhh!  At this point I'm assuming they're going to try and make a quick buck on me.  I'm a little stressed out and bummed that some of my fun money is going towards this, but oh well, it needed to be done.They offer me a used tire at $35 or a new one for $100.  Used please, just as long as it'll get us back to Long Beach in a couple days.  They fix it up, throw on the tire and I go to pay.  The gent at the register asks if I got a new tire or a used one, I tell him used and he gives me my total....$35!!!  Really?  Seriously?  Yes folks, that's right, these guys were super awesome and fixed my flat tire along with installing a new-ish tire to boot!
4	Car need new tires and these guys were extremely fast and inexpensive.  Ghetto area but hey....it's just tires, right? paid cash, tax was included, super nice people there...of course i'm a girl and all... :)
4	Quick, inexpensive, and open 24/7! Thankfully, my tire went flat (read: blowout, bead separation, dead, gone, buh-bye) in front of my house. In the daylight. Still, nice to know I have options at 3am should it happen again.I tried to get a friend's shop to help me out and he sent a tow truck driver... who never showed up. When I got home from work, the car was still there and the tire was still dead. So much for planning for some new tires while I toiled away. The magic car faeries did not come through and so I needed a quick fix to get on with my week.Rather than worry about towing and coordination, and not wanting to pay an arm and a leg for last-minute new tires at the chain stores by my house, I just removed the tire and took it down to Llantera. Yelp to the rescue! I looked up tire shops, read the reviews, and decided to give it a shot.In and out in 15 minutes or less, I had a used tire (that looks brand new - even newer than the actual new tire I replaced not too long ago - and happily surprised my more mechanically/car inclined friends who were with me) put on the wheel and walked out for only $30.Took it home, replaced it. Happy camper. They do not guarantee the used tires but, for $30, it's a great option for a great tire that gets me where I need to go.
5	After Tuesday's great service, I went back this morning to replace the other tires on my car. I would like to say it was planned (half true) but I had *another* tire go flat on me this morning, so the plan was accelerated. I was able to air it up and go straight to Llantera... and I am glad I did.In and out in less than an hour, I was given two almost brand new tires AND my tires were rotated and balanced. $80 out the door and I was in my office just after 9am.It's not just the price. I could have gone to any number of places and dropped $600 on 4 new tires this week and been satisfied. But therein lies the difference... I would have been nothing more than satisfied. I drive an older sports car, I mostly commute and putz around town, and never take it on road trips. I have a lead foot on the gas and brakes, so my tires do take some abuse... OK, a lot. I can admit it. That said, "almost brand new" tires are better than what was on the car when I bought it almost 2 years ago.The point is that Llantera shows you what they have, gives you options, and makes sure you have the best tire available at an amazing price. Plus the rotation, balancing? It's an added plus that everyone is friendly and helpful and thoughtful (thanks for the bottle of water!).I am more than just satisfied, I am well taken care of and happy with the experience.
1	Had muffler service here (almost changed the whole thing that got quite rusty), the price was very good, but the work needed fix just after 2 months (and the new mechanic was surprised at the low quality of the work), and with the current fix, the price is no longer good.
3	Maybe I shouldn't be surprised Vegas has a 24-hour tire shop considering all the other craziness this town has to offer.  Anyways, I needed to change the front tires on my '06 BMW that I was going to trade in pretty soon, so I didn't want to spend a ton on a brand new set.Used tires?  Works for me, and after 20 minutes, I was off driving back to LA.  I did dock one star because they did take (without asking) the nice tire pressure caps that were on my original tires, and when I asked them about it, they replaced them with the cheap plastic black caps.  Would have made it more of an issue if I was planning to keep the car (traded it to a dealer a couple days later), plus I was in a rush to drive back home.Pretty certain they only take cash, and I'd use their services again if needed, just be careful if you have a nicer car.
5	So, went to Vegas in my 07 highlander and half way there something on the road took my back right tire out completely. i was bummed but kept on trucking on my spare.  Made it safely, but in the morning saw i had a flat spare tire!  panicking i began to call tire places and found that a new tire would cost 190 bucks.   I randomly met a tow truck driver who recommended this lovely 24 hour place.  They gave me a nice used tire and even fixed my spare for 50 bucks.  Best place ever. very nice people and i was able to get home safely.  Im going back to Vegas in 2 weeks and hopefully no more popped tires, but if it happens i know where to go.
2	I always put used tires from llanteras on my cars, because I drive clunkers and the car usually dies before the tires do.  Last round, I had a hard time finding any place with my size in stock, but this place had 3 of the 4, so I took them cuz they were cheap.  I got the fourth some place downtown, and the difference was noticeably better, so I'm disappointed in the quality that Llantera Tropicana sold me.  The side walls were riddled with cracks, and one blew a month later.  It's tough being a woman in a mechanic shop, because they treat you like you don't know any better ... and I guess that night they won, because they sold me junk and I didn't insist on inspecting them closely before I handed over the cash.  I'll go elsewhere next time!
5	Top service for my slowly leaking tyre in my hire car. Quick and efficient, and CHEAP. No bullshit either. They patched the tyre and all is well. I thought it might have taken a while and went across the road to the Del Tacos to get some lunch (we were starving) and by the time we got back 30 mins later it was all fixed and ready to go. If you need tyres and you're in Vegas, go here.
5	I haven't been this impressed with a spot in a while!  I was on my way to see the Rolling Stones concert and literally had 30 minutes to get a new tire before the show.  As I pulled in the service attendant waived me in and immediately began working on my car.  He was done in 15 minutes while I stood there waiting...painless!  They have great prices on new tires and if you want to go with a used tire it's only $36 dollars, balancing is only $10.  Not to mention Lllantera is also open 24 hours!  Yes a 24 hour quick, convenient and cost effective tire shop!  Yet another reason to fall in love with Vegas!  Be 100% sure to store this contact info in your phone in case you ever need to change your tire.
5	These guys truly truly are amazing! We had to drive from Vegas back to LA and as soon as we get on the road at 11:00 pm on a Saturday night the tire pressure in a brand new rear tire goes to 0! I thought no one would be open and I thought we would get ripped off driving a new black S550 in desperate need of help in the middle of the night but nope! 5 minutes and a few dollars later ($10) they saved us! We had a hole in the tire that they were able to repair! They were Angels! Honest, fast, reliable and friendly. I highly highly recommend them!
5	5-Stars all the way!!!  My GF's brakes were metal-to-metal for who knows how long, till one day some chunk of brake parts broke off and left her stranded off Highland Pkwy.  I had it towed to Llantera, expecting a Subaru with AWD would be for sure, a $1,200 brake job (like you'd get at JustBrakes).  When we got there after the tow, the mechanics were gathered around the car, just laughing at how "far gone" all four rotors and calipers were - they were just shredded!!!  Hall-of-Fame bad!!!  Anyway, the guy said $420.00!  So I was thinking, ok, it's a Subaru, it needs all 4 new rotors and calipers and whatever else broke off it, that's $1,280, about what I expected.  I went to pay him, and found out it was just $420 for ALL FOUR WHEELS, parts and labor included!!! I could not believe it!! They've since done amazing work on this and my other cars, great prices and results every time. Llantera has ALL my car work from now on!
4	Came here after the valet guy at MGM discovered that my tire was flat due to a nail in my tire based on his recommendation. Happy I came here because they patched up my tire pretty quick and I was road ready again to be driving back to LA. It was $15 to patch up my tire and they even checked another tire when I asked without charging extra. It's near the strip, so easy to get to if you have a tire emergency. I'm glad I know about this place because now I know where to go if I have a tire emergency. The place is old, dirty, and a hole in the wall... but it's cheap and fast.
5	My son has been here twice with his 1990 Subaru RS AWD. Each time the service is Incredibly Fast, Super Nice people and the prices are so reasonable you gotta give them a tip!  Don't forget to tip - these guys are living on the edge and you got a good deal so don't stiff 'em. I recommend this place to everybody I know. 90% chance they'll have your tire in stock and they will never 'upsale' you like the local tire merchants (you know who you are big name guys with all the red on your signs!)
5	This place is cheap, fast and centrally located.  If you are looking for leather seats and an AC room to wait in while they work, go elsewhere.  If you are looking for somewhere open 24 hours, quick and somewhere without heavy up selling go here.  You'll save a bunch and will have honest people working on your tires.
1	There's nothing better than having a flat tire, standing in line for service, and having the staff completely ignore you. What made my last visit even better, was four people being helped before me. Despite their arriving after me. Apparently, I am not the type of customer they want money from. Too bad, as I have used them many times over the years. Not anymore.
1	Been here once to fix a flat and it was fine..But this past experience has made me question their credibility and these f*ckers got off the hook last timeMy most recent visit, it was to fix a flat again (the workers work off of tips) They put air into my tires, the light in my car was gone so I was on my way.A couple weeks passed and my uncle checked my tires - I'm only supposed to have 30 to 32 max quoting the sticker on my car. The tire ITSELF says to not go over 35 to 38.then these f*ckers put inflated my tire to 45Save yourself from these incompetent fools
