4	Located within the Tropicana. South Beach Cafe & Deli is open 24 hours serving breakfast, lunch, and dinner. This was very convenient when we were returning to our hotel at 4 in the morning. Prices were not to bad, average $10-12 meals and lots of snacks. Would recommend for late night snacks on the strip.
3	On my way to the Classic Gaming Expo at the Tropicana Hotel I decided to stop by this deli for lunch while I waited for a friend of mine to show up.  I ordered the Hot Pastrami Sandwich on Rye and a side of Fries.The place wasn't too busy, but it took forever to get my order.....it was pretty slow.  I knocked off 1 Star for that.  The Pastrami Sandwich was very good and the Fries were a little too salty and nothing to write home about.The prices here are pretty high, I paid $15 for a Sandwich, Fries, and a bottle of Water....ouch!  At least the Sandwich was good, otherwise I'd be a little pissed.Will I return?  Maybe.
1	1.5 StarsMy friends and I decided to stop by the South Beach Cafe & Deli for a quick lunch that turned out to be a lot longer than we expected.As another reviewer mentioned, the service is SLOW. We came a little after the Lunch time rush around 2PM and the place wasn't very packed at all. Our group of 8 had to wait around 30 minutes for all our food to come out. When it did come out, some of the food already was lukewarm, borderline cold. This was a bummer because fries just taste better when they are warm and crispy!I was hoping to forgive this if the food was better, but sadly it wasn't. I ordered the Reuben Sandwich ($8.95) that consisted of Corned Beef, Sauerkraut, 1000 Island Dressing, and Swiss cheese. For bread options I could white, wheat, sourdough, rye, or a hoagie roll and I went with the rye. Your sandwich also comes with a dill pickle on the side.I definitely had better Reuben Sandwiches in the past.For $3.95 you can make it a combo that comes with a drink and a side (fries, potato salad, macaroni salad, fruit, etc). I picked the potato salad, but it wasn't anything special. It was a little too heavy for my tastes with the mayonnaise. I must say the one positive aspect of this place is that it's open 24 hours, 7 days a week. It's conveniently located on the casino floor, but I'm not sure if I would even want to eat here considering it's expensive for really lackluster food and SLOW service.
2	Your typical cafe with decent food located inside The Tropicana casino floor. You order and pay for your food first at the register and seat yourself in the diner. A good place to go if you're looking for a quick bite to eat. I wasn't a fan of the breakfast items but the other items were alright. Breakfast:Toast was drenched in butterPotatoes were limpBacon was overly cooked Gravy and biscuits were good. We ordered fries and drenched the yummy gravy all over it. Lunch/dinner:Vegetable beef soup actually had a good amount of beef.Ruben sandwich with fries was goodThe workers here were really friendly and helpful. I think the breakfast items here are the same as room service. I recommend saving a few bucks and just go get your food to go. As for the price it was a little expensive but you're in Vegas.
2	I was on my way to meet my friends here and it's just a small cafe with very limited options for food. I had a slice of hawaiian pizza and it was really greasy and soft. I like my pizzas somewhat crunchy....As a foodie, I wouldn't come here again even though it's convenient lol.
3	Beach Cafe at the Tropicana. Breakfast buffet is slightly pricey, but if you get a made-to-order omelet, you won't be disappointed. Buffet is only average, but overall worth it. Now, should you happen into this place, take my advice. Request specifically to avoid Robert"s section. Giving the benefit of the doubt, let's just say he was "swamped". It still took forever to get the mimosas we ordered. They arrived only after he saw me approach the bar myself. Then, when he placed down the mimosas on our table, he tried with his sweetest voice to explain that he had them made extra large to apologize for our wait. Eh hem...same size as ones on table next to us. The coux de gras is he added an 18% gratuity on our check for 2 of us. Of course, the manager was more than apologetic on his behalf. So, we decided to eat here again...NOT in Robert's section. Omelet again was superb. WaitRESS was great. Manager still nice and again apologetic. Robert approached and blamed the whole thing on a "computer error" and personally apologized. Again, I can recommend this place.  Just be selective in your wait staff.  To be clear, this is regarding the South Beach Cafe restaurant at the Trop, not the deli.
4	Breakfast here was great!  We had a little hang over and needed something in our stomachs.  They had a buffet going on, but we opted for the menu/server.  That way I could get the breakfast burrito, which was great.  I know it;s not the most difficult thing to make, but it was exactly what I was looking for.  My second choice was the breakfast tacos, but when I asked the server, she said the burrito was more popular.  My stomach wasn't in the mood to be adventurous, so I played it safe.  My girlfriend had the breakfast burger, which looked great, and she enjoyed it.The decor is as the name of the restaurant implies, a beach theme with a white South Beach flare.  Wavy, corrugated steel, lines the bar and light wood floorboards criss cross the floors.  I bring this up only because I think of a West Coast or Hawaii beach themed restaurant being colorful and bright, like an Islands, and this was kind of sterile, but not off putting.  No palm fronds or anything.The mimosas were good, but way too expensive for Vegas.  If we were in The Flamingo again, I'd have breakfast there.  There of plenty of other options in Vegas for a more unique lunch or dinner.  Aside from the mimosas, the prices weren't bad.
5	We ate brunch at Tropicana's South Beach Cafe two days in a row because we had awesome service from our waitress (Jessica?  Rebecca?).  The staff was very attentive, including the hostess, busboy, waitress, and manager.  Our coffee cups were always filled and our plates wisked away so we could return to the buffet.  The food was plentiful and delicious:  we had fresh fruit, two kinds of potatoes, salmon, bacon, little cupcakes and dessert cups that were delicious!  Omelets, made to order, were perfect.  I recommend eating outside on the patio and not inside close to the buffet.
3	Clean and food is alright. Staff is friendly. I'm sure you can find better value for your money if you are willing to take a short walk. They do have a buffet and a wide selection for a menu.
3	I'm kinda embarrassed that I've been so down on the Tropicana. I'm mean the floor we're on stinks to the high heavens. There's been an industrial fan in the hallway all week. There must hv been a flood or something. But as soon as u step off of the elevator it hits u right between the eyes. Havn said that. The rest of the stay hasn't been too bad. The staff is friendly and the room is ok. Kinda humid. But I slept like a baby all week. But mostly Ive been impressed by the food court. I had a breakfast sandwich and fruit this morning. Tonight I had the calzone. Both I have to admit were pretty good. The calzone was straight up good. I had pepperoni and spinach in mine. The spinach was fresh  to my surprise. The crust was perfect. I told my wife that I've been too hard on this place. So kudos to the food court. Can't say I'd stay here again. I stayed at the Circus Circus last year and I think I was more comfortable. So idk. We'll see. Anyway I thought it was worth doing another comment.
