5	Sweet baby jesus my A/C was on the fritz today.  I was taking my afternoon nap when I got a text from my roommate, who was coincidently napping in the room next door, telling me that he thought the AC was failing us.  I groggily stumbled out of my cave to find that yes, the thermostat was rapidly surpassing 80.... Called the A/C guy who couldnt come for another 2 hours or so, so I pulled on some pants and raced down to Lowe's.  I frantically flew into the store and was surprisingly greeted by someone who actually knew where the AC filters were.  Since mine hadnt been changed in a good 6 months or so (what??  I'm a girl I dont know these useless things), I figured a new filter was the place to start.  I found the filter right where the greeter said it would be, and raced to the checkout.No line!  NO LINE!!!  And someone actually pleasant to help me.  What is this place called?!  NOT Home Depot, thats for sure!  The check out guy, Sam, reassured me that AC was actually pretty easily fixed and that it probably just needed freeon (frion? free-on? frie-ohn?) but that yes, I had picked out a great set of filters.  Why thank you Sam!!I left having one of the best experiences of my hardware store shopping career.  And yes, now my AC is fixed.  Back to being pantsless.
4	Absolutely five stars after today's comparison with Home Depot.  I went to Home Depot on Indian Bend to find a simple "U"shaped bracket to support a half inch replacement piece of wood for a sun shade.  I was routed to four different departments from personnel who either would not or could not stretch to find what I was looking for.  To make a long story short I purchased a couple of U brackets for 2x4s because that seemed to be the only solution.  Never mind how one 49 cent bracket had a skew and the other didn't.  I then went to Lowe's on McDowell and pushed a button for service (unlike Home Depot).  I got prompt service in hardware with a smaller bracket that solved my problem.  I then went to home and garden in search of thin cedar or redwood boards to complete my small project.  I noticed a composite board that helped save the environment so pushed another button to ask some questions.  I promptly received service (unlike Home Depot where the only person who knew anything about lumber was helping another customer) by two people who answered all of my questions.  After several years of going to Home Depot I will only go to Lowe's and/or Paul's Ace Hardware.  Sorry Home Depot you lose...
3	Not a huge fan of this Lowe's.  Product selection is better than the nearby Home Depot.  Service not so great either.After waiting weeks for special order flooring from Home Depot, it arrived damaged and unusable. As the boxes weren't damaged, we didn't know until the installer came.  Since we were in a hurry, we went to Lowe's.  Picked out a floor that was "in stock locally and would arrive in 3 days."  Actually, it was in Texas and would take a week.  When I called our project manager, his response.."oh it's only a few extra days right?"  Why yes, our concrete floor is very attractive.  When the installer went to pick up the flooring, he supposedly waited 45 minutes for someone to come to the area before giving up and leaving.  Store manager's response.."That doesn't make any sense, someone is always there."  Had to reschedule the delivery.  The floor guy also sold us "white" baseboards which we did not know were only primed.  Maybe our ignorance but it would have been nice had he mentioned that since our installation date then had to be rescheduled to allow us time to paint.  We also would have probably ordered 8' instead of 12' due to space issues with the painting.  We did also buy a diswasher there and our sales person was very helpful.  No problems at all.
4	Lots of attentive employees offering advice and being helpful! The nicest lady helped load our stuff into the vehicle and even laid down plastic to protect the floor of the vehicle. Each employee also offered help on how to take care of the plants. Good selection of outdoor plants. I say this because I heard a snarky ole leddie snidely remarking to an employee about how the store doesn't have anything she likes and not enough selection. B!tch, there's 200 plants out there and they're all making me sneeze like a hyena.
1	The absolute rudest employees! I will think twice about coming here again!! We have been treated with such disregard two times in a row. I think I'm done!
4	Don't be confused by the Yelp definition, "Yay, I'm a fan",  Lowes gets 4 stars because they have great employees that get me out of there fast!  I'm not one that would typically be classified as "Handy", so the fact that I can go into Lowe's, and get someone to give me DIY instructions in about 5 minutes, makes me happy.  I've been to several Lowe's/Home Depot's in the past, but I feel compelled to review this location, because after 10+ trips (mostly on the weekends), I have never had to wait for assistance or behind more than one customer in line.  Also, they get bonus points for not only allowing my pups in the building, but complementing them on their cuteness =).
2	In lieu of completing a real review from my ever growing list of unfinished reviews, I guess I will do my second update of the day where removing a star is of the utmost importance for my sanity.Thank you Lowe's for selling me a $69 shower head that cracked after less than 3 weeks.  I realize it's not your fault the product is a piece of crap, but if it weren't for Evelyn working the returns desk, I might not have been reminded how much your store sucks.  Seeing as Evelyn never cleared the counter after helping the last gentleman (and believe me, anyone that could deal with her and not punch her in the face must be a gentleman) and continued to screw around with the returned product, we politely waited for her to finish whatever it was she was doing.  Eventually, we were greeted with an obligatory "Are you ready?" in the tone of voice that more closely matched "What the f*** are you waiting for?"  She processed the return without apology or courtesy or even a thank you at the end, but at least it was quick.  Only my husband being Mr. Nice Guy couldn't leave it at that.  He was concerned the water that had leaked from the shower head might spill out of the bag onto the counter, so he attempted to call attention to it only to get a response of "Don't worry about it" which more closely resembled "Why the f*** are you still here?"So thank you Lowe's for reminding me why we will not be utilizing your store for any substantial remodeling needs.  And thank you, Evelyn, for proving to me once again that in spite of a supposed rough economy, apparently anyone can get a job.
1	It's been 6 weeks(as opposed to a team members estimate  of 48-72hrs) multiple in-store visits & calls w/ management...yet the mill dept. has been unable to provide me with a quote for purchasing a new door & Lowe's third party installation service. In addition, the door installer was sent to the wrong address; given to him by a Lowe's employee, who asked me to repeat my address 4-times to insure the installer arrived at the right location.Had it not been for my insisting the installer call prior to arrival; I never would've known he arrived early at the wrong address. DON'T WASTE YOUR TIME/MONEY, at this location!!!
4	lowe's is closer to me than the depot, so in a pinch, i come to this store. it's clean and the employees have always been very helpful and super friendly. lowes is typically more "upscale" than the depot, so their merchandise tends to be more expensive, although they do offer price match. i've never had a problem with returns or finding someone to help me out (unlike the depot). on sunday mornings though (maybe saturday's too), when they first open, they have something like an "all staff meeting" so don't expect any employees to assist at that time. overall good experiences at Lowe's.
4	I have been avoiding Lowe's for about 3 years. After spending too much time and money there after my last residential move, I decided to call it quits. I was determined to prove to myself that, by going to Home Depot instead, I would stick to a list of essentials and work with employees who had been better trained in home improvement projectss. That wasn't the best plan of action, I discovered. First of all, they are not the same type of store whatsoever. My bad. Secondly, the nimrods at HD have been less than stellar in performance, professionalism, or courtesy in my humble experience. And third, Lowe's has VARIETY! I'm not a contractor, electrician, or plumber....I'm a homemaker who likes choices in lighting, shelving, cabinet hardware, and holiday decor! On this specific visit, I had called the store first to check stock on an item that neither  Home Depot or Ace Hardware carried.....the department employee knew not only the aisle/location for me to visit when I came in, but also the varieties available and which ones were currently low on stock! Bless him & bless Lowe's for still being there when I finally came to my senses.....and just in time for the holidays :[]
4	The way I see it is if you own a home you have to go to Lowe's or Home Depot. I think most go to whatever one is closer. Honestly Home Depot's probably better but it's not very close to my house. However, this place is pretty nice and the staff is very helpful. I also buy my drinking water from here and I like the water much more than Water Mart.
2	Like others, Lowe's is much closer to me, so I come here, even though I prefer Home Depot.  Service from staff is extremely spotty. If you have a clue what you're doing, then it probably won't matter to you that your questions will be met with either a blank stare or a vague finger point to a section of the store.   However, if you are like me and only a casual home-renovator, you will be frustrated by the altogether lack of service, especially in the paint section. Saving graces (and why this isn't a 1-star review):  - the great guy in tools/ hardware who let me borrow the world's smallest Allen wrench....this was after spending 15 minutes on the phone with a clueless guy who was dead-set on convincing me that 1/8th of an inch was 4 times smaller than 5/64th of an inch. Grade school fractions, anyone?- Hector, who works the floor and is very helpful when I'm being ignored by the paint folks (how come my cloak of invisibility never works when I want it to???)Money saving tip: 10% off coupons are available online, and they also honor competitors' coupons.
4	I get totally confused and turned around in Lowe's or Home Depot, and if it's Christmas season I always seem to end up standing in front of the tree display trying desperately to remember what I was there for. But the staff here are really helpful, I've never had a problem getting someone to explain something to me and they're always patient with my follow-up questions. I feel like the store organization is not very intuitive, I never seem to find what I'm looking for in the place where I would put it, but as long as an employee can tell me where it is and what they have, I'm good.
5	I grew up a Home Depot guy, but when I moved to the Dale, Lowe's was super close, so I had to try it out. They have this cool thing there, it's called "Customer Service" Here is how it works. If you have a question or need anything, they have friendly employees who will help you and more shockingly- know what they are talking about. It's crazy- right?I needed to buy a new front loading washer, dryer, and French-door, bottom freezer fridge. I shopped around like a madman, and I researched like crazy- and learned that Samsung got top marks by Consumer Reports in pretty much all areas. I went to Lowe's and discovered they had 10% all appliances over $300. I also had a moving coupon from the USPS for an additional %10 so I got %20 off!! That adds up when you are buying $5,000 worth of appliances. Justin was amazing in the appliance dept. Super helpful and funny- he made the experience really easy. Here are some tips I learned:-If buying front loaders, spend the extra dough and get the pedestals. I am 6'4 and every time I use my machines- I am grateful for the investment.-Buy the four year protection plan. Even if you have a home warranty- it's still better to go through Lowe's because there is no service fee.-Do your homework, shop around. Find out what is going to last a long time, what is highest rated, not just what is flashy and looks cool. For example, Electrolux stuff LOOKS really cool, but when you research it you discover they break down A LOT. I suppose if you're loaded it doesn't matter as you are made of money- but for us commoners, it's nice to buy quality.Happy shopping!
4	Came to another Lowe to get some supplies, because I was in this area.I needed some paint and special light bulbs, and some chaulk.All were easily found here at Lowe's.Clean store which is a plus, and I already know that they have a great return policy.What was even better this time, was that with my Lowe's card,I was able to use my $20.00 rewards Certificate. Which really made my day. Even my Week. Woo Hoo!!
4	Normally I go to Home Depot for home repair stuff but I'm working on my mom's place and this Lowe's is closer.  Had a great experience.  Staff was helpful in locating everything on my list and were very friendly.  The store is very clean and well stocked.  Glad to have this place nearby.
2	It's hard to be hard on a hardware store. As long as they have the thing you came in looking for, all should be fine. What bothered me about my trip to this Lowe's was no one seemed all that informed about what department can help you or not.I had a pipe, and I needed to get it cut down. So I went to plumbing. There a gentleman, who wasn't doing anything, told me he could not and to try Electrical. (Actually, what he said was, "Yeah - no. You might try.... uh... you might go to Electrical, because.... that's not... something....." Then even he had enough of his inability to communicate and stopped trying. I moved on to Electrical, and left him in peace to research whatever it was that was so important on his computer. (Sudoku? GED courses? Playmate of the Month? I will never know.)I moved on to the Electrical Department. They pointed me in the direction of lumber. Lumber just said, flatly, that they couldn't cut a steel pipe with their saws, just lumber. What I loved here was that I was told this as if I was the moron. I know you can't cut steel with a ripsaw, and told this person that Electrical sent me. The Lumber guy said I should go to Plumbing. ("There's a hole in the bucket, dear Liza, dear Liza." Anyone else remember that song?)Ultimately I found someone in some department who happened to have a hack saw and a measuring tape. So I cut the pipe myself, thanked this solitary helpful employee, and went to pay for my goods. Thankfully, there is a Home Depot not too far north on Indian Bend. I would go there instead. Here is their Yelp review: http://www.yelp.com/biz/the-home-depot-scottsdale-2
5	I came in to make a quick return and pick up some fancy-stone-looking spray paint. The return counter had no line! Score! This never happens! I was able to find the spray paint I was looking for, and an associate to ask a question....hmmm, this trip ran all too smoothly....Well, I'll take it when I can get it! Store looked clean and organized too.
1	New to Scottsdale, I needed a specific type of screws for my stool.  I walked into the store on the lumber delivery side.  After finding the goods, I went to the cashier closest to that door to check out. Since there was a customer with a lot of stuff, I ran over to the self-check out on the other side of the store.  Quickly purchased the $1.24 screw, and ran back to the door I had entered. Just as I was leaving the store, a middle-age blonde woman (who was the cashier) came chasing after me asking if she could see the receipt.  I showed it to her only to hear her tell me, "now I need to check your bag as well'. Hmmm, is this racial profiling?  I only had my wallet with me and the screws (which weighed more like 3 oz) were in the plastic bag.   I drove home not thinking anything of it.  AS it turned out, the screws were not the right type so I had to return to the store to get something else. I told the head cashier in customer services and she apologized and let me know if was not 'normal' or acceptable behavior. I"ve been to other LOwes , HOme depot, and Ace and I"ve not been treated as such.  Something to think about.
1	Can't believe my prior review was 2 whole stars. I must've been high on paint fumes.The ONLY positive is the clean parking lot. That's what happens when no one shops at your disaster of a store. Employees are either idiots or completely do not care 1) about their jobs, 2) about customer service, or 3) about actually providing useful information to people. It's honestly fucking baffling how they are in business considering their incompetence. I come here because it's close to my house. NO OTHER REASON. Not because I've been chastised for asking for the same number of paint stir sticks as gallons of paint I've purchased. ($35 paint apparently doesn't warrant a $.10 piece of wood).Not because the employees repeatedly make up item locations when you ask where X is (8 rows off? Ask 'em about it and show him how he was wrong? Expect him to shrug and walk away after a f-you look)Want landscaping advice? Ha! Expect a recommendation so bizarre that the plant is sure to die within a few days planting per their advice. Special order something on a discount? Hope you don't actually expect the discount written on your order. After fighting for it for months you'll give up and pay so you don't have to talk to these jokers anymore. Guess what. Home Depot is an 8 mile round trip for me. Lowe's is .5 mile round trip (including parking lot time). It's worth the extra 7.5 miles not to deal with them anymore. FOAD.
2	I live in the neighborhood and go to this Lowe's a lot for many different things from big projects, to gardening supplies to everyday household things. Yesterday the garbage disposal went out and my boyfriend and I thought it would be a quick and easy fix. We went to Lowe's got what we needed, a badger 5 which what we already had. It all seemed to be working out perfectly! After getting home and getting all the pieces in order, we had noticed some things that seemed a little odd about the product as we were installing, and it wasn't until we turned it on and found it leaking that we knew we had a BIG problem. We soon discovered that it was someones old disposal that was broken and not working instead of a brand new one that we were expecting to have. It was quite a disgusting mess, and I was very disappointed that Lowe's not only would sell a faulty product, especially a garbage disposal. I am not sure how it made it back out to the shelf, and it's sad that someone either made out with a new one or money for it. I was very happy that I didn't need to pay someone to install it for me because if I had they would have charged me for coming out, and I wouldn't of had a working product for them to install. Overall that is just bad business and is quite dangerous. I go to Lowe's trusting that spending money on new products. I hope this doesn't ever happen again because it will make me take my money else where and I actually like the store set-up and the people there can be very helpful.
5	What a pleasant change from the Home Depot on Thomas!! NO beggars in the parking lot, no day laborers hanging around and NO trash blowing in the parking lot. I stopped in to get a few items, found everything I needed, did the self check out and was on my way.
4	I came here with my husband to get a new battery for our cordless drill and a saw blade that'd work for MDF paneling.  I was impressed with the cleanliness of the store and the overall helpfulness and cheerful attitude of the employees.  It was a big step up from the grubby, grimy home improvement place we normally use down on Thomas Road in east Phoenix.
4	I needed a 75x38 piece of plywood. Wary that I may not get personal wood-working attention on a Tuesday night around 8, I proceeded to the lumber section (back left part of the store). Several employees were chatting while others restocked and cleaned. I picked out my plywood which was considerably larger than my desired dimensions. A hailed a nearby staff member who promptly sized and cut down the wood without missing beat. I donated my leftover pieces. The checkout line proved to be a minor annoyance, but my overall experience was very favorable.
2	My latest project was building a storage shed and chicken coop, which entailed numerous visits to our very close by Lowe's. I will go months with nary a hardware need, then when i start a project, i stop by the store nearly everyday because I constantly make construction mistakes. My most dozen or so recent visits continue to leave me with a bad taste in my mouth for these giant hardware stores. Sure they're cheaper, but it is so disappointing because their employee assistance with projects is far from the commercials they air. Which is why a weekender like me has to go back so many times because no one is ever around to help me find the part I'm looking for. And is why it is a great idea to research your project online prior to going in to Lowe's because basically, you more than likely will be left on your own to figure things out. When constructing the self-feeder for my chickens out of plumbing pipes, i stood there picking up things, trying to fit things together for at least 45 minutes....i walked around looking for an employee for advice....nada. Needless to say, i have had to return about half a dozen items and buy several more pieces. Most recently, i decided to tile my back patio. Low and behold, there was a flooring guy in the tile area. I told him my project and asked "Any suggestions on thin-set or grout? Sanded, non-sanded?" He didn't answer at first, then I said "excuse me, can i ask a question about tiling an outdoor patio?". He looked at me like i was a complete idiot and in huff says "What? Well, sanded grout of course! You'll only have to do all the work over if you get non-sanded!" and basically ran away as if there were free donuts in the break room. Arghhhh. but....yes....i will have to go back....to return this damn 4" pvc elbow joint when i should've gotten a 3".
1	Dear Lowe's - When a customer comes in and wants to spend $5,000.00 on a floor and installation services please don't ask them "can you come back tomorrow, my sales associate just went on his lunch."  Prior to this the sales associate couldn't find my file and I spent four trips back and forth to the front customer service desk.  Finally I just left because space cadet  (the manager)  was obviously not going to be able to help me and was too interested in taking a lunch.  Seriously I don't how else I could have attempted to hand them 5K, but they would have nothing of it.  Obviously this Lowe's doesn't want to be bothered in doing business in the  Phoenix area.  There are better stores that run a tighter ship that I would recommend shopping at.  Sorry, I don't work around your employees schedule - I am the customer - hope you can figure that concept out.  I left your store completely fuming on a Sunday afternoon. I suggest someone read the other reviews of your store - this one is nice in comparison - something is really going wrong at this store and I hope you can figure it out.  Regards, Jack
4	I came to this Lowe's looking for a new kitchen faucet so I could attach a water filter to it in the new place we moved into. I wasn't greeted or acknowledged through the whole trek back to the faucet area which is pretty unusually for any other Lowe's I've ever been to so I figured they must have been shorthanded. When I arrived in faucets, there were two other customers in the area and one sales associate. I looked around while Kevin S. (the sales associate) helped the other customers. He left after helping them and didn't approach me so I went after him to ask him a few questions. While I found him on his cell phone either texting or looking something up, he seemed okay about me interrupting him and he listened to what I was trying to do. He offered an even better solution (a water filter that goes under the sink, in between the cold water line and the faucet) and saved me a bunch of money. I only wish someone else would have recommended this option to me earlier because so far, this solution is working flawlessly and way more inexpensive than my Pur water faucet mounted filter I've been using for years!I did express that I'm no handy woman and Kevin even offered to walk me through the process over the phone OR even swing by my apartment if I ran into trouble after work (and in a genuinely helpful way, not a creepy way). I was impressed with his customer service and luckily I got the installation complete with no issues in about 30 minutes. I used self checkout and was in and out of there in 20 minutes. Based on the other reviews, my experience at this store could have gone either way but I'm glad I found someone who took the time to listen to me and save me some money!
1	HORRIBLE customer service, I got no  help...when I asked  the cashier she finally came over to me with a big sigh and said I don't know where the guy is for this department, she tried to help but really knew nothing about what I needed and went back to her station quickly, I again was standing alone not knowing what to do or where to go, it was obvious that this happens often by her tone and dismay. I saw many employees just chatting with each other, even when I was standing there waiting for help, they continued their conversation first...I can tell you it wasn't about work.  I was told not my department several times with no direction from several people on the floor, for someone like me who doesn't know where anything was in the store it was a nightmare for me, I found my self getting one thing in the store and leaving, AND THAT TOOK 45 MINUTES!, if the customer service was good I would have spent a lot of money.Shame on whoever oversees this location, they should be fired. You will not find me in a Lowe's again unless they make some major changes, like good customer service and hard workers..
5	Thank you Benny Miller for assisting in getting my doggie door!  Took the time to get the order right and answer all my questions!
1	I feel like no one there knows anything helpful. They don't know where anything is, they don't have any advise on how to fix my problem, or what I might need. On top of it they act annoyed when I ask for help! Isn't this your job?! I'm trying to do this on my own but want someone who knows what they are doing and with experience, even just a little bit. I thought that was a requirement in working at the paint section in a hardware store.
4	Needing to find a more efficient way of storing a variety of house tools that are in multiple containers, we headed here to find a one-size-fit-all tool chest. We walked through the store and were greeted by an employee and he pointed us in the right direction towards the middle of the front wall.We were able to find one that worked for what we wanted and the price was right, so we headed over to the self checkout cash registers. They were easy to use and the process was quick. The store overall seemed clean, well-organized and stocked. Overall: AA clean, decent location for the chain.
3	It does not compare with it's main competitor. I often go and leave. Some of the rudest people in retail.I go strictly due to proximity. Not for knowlege , selection, knowledge or price.
4	And then the century old battle of Home Depot vrs Lowes commenced. And.. the girl that was forced to go to both did not see a difference.I think you grow up with one and just like it?For me I love how everyone is helpful and you can be as vague as possible and they can find what you need. thing such as: Hole in wall. Need stuff for the hole. is suffice.
4	Lowe's, as with every do-it-yourself hardware store, supplies the materials one needs to get projects done in and around the home. If you're looking for someone to do it for you, you need to hire a contractor who specializes in the project you need done.Though, as with most companies, Lowe's tries to hire and train qualified personnel, not everyone there is as knowledgeable about every department as you might hope, but this is a great opportunity for self-growth and awareness and learn somethings on your own.Patience is the key if you need questions answered as there are more people wanting info than qualified employees to give it.You'll find this the same at Home Depot as well.Personally, having worked in both Handyman and Builder's Emporium in CA, I like both stores.
3	I went to get what their competitor was out of. I also need things that are going to be put in next week by a third party. After not getting any assistance elsewhere I came to Lowes. There was a lady for who I hunted down a clerk .  He had no knowledge and went to get some one else for her. She was frustrated with the next person.  In the mean time I spent in excess of 30 minutes looking at bathtubs, tub enclosures, shower doors, vanities, bathroom sinks, faucets for both. I also will be having new flooring installed next week. I was measuring and writing things down and not so much as a single word. I might as well have been camouflaged. Just one room but Lowes & Home Depot lost out on a sure sale plus installation.
