4	Great Thai and Chinese food. Friendly family staff. We were served by their very cool 11year old son. Kind of place you want to support. Food was excellent and very reasonable. Go for the curry-
5	Amazing food!  The best Pad see ew dish by far!  They are on Northsight tucked behind Salty Senoritas, but worth the find!  Its quite the gem.  Very clean and nice, and the owners are very hospitable!  Very inexpensive compared to other Thai restaurants, and the portions are huge!  I don't even think I ate half my dinner.  Check it out!
4	A great family owned eatery tucked away in a shopping plaza. We really hope they can make it because the location is hard to find. Hopefully the word will get out, because the food and the owners are awesome!
5	Though hard to find, this is one of my favorite Thai joints in the area.The service is excellent and very friendly.  The food is reasonably priced if not cheap for the area.  Being so inexpensive, I was expecting little, but we got a lot, both in quantity and in taste.  They also have free delivery in the area!It's a bit of a hole in a corner, but so good!
5	This is a great find! The food was delicious and the owners are absolutely wonderful. They went above and beyond to make sure we had a great experience. You must try the coconut ice-cream.
5	Best Thai food I have had in the North Scottsdale area by far. Food is great, cheap (less than $10) and the service is fantastic. It is hard to find, but oh well. I got the chicken pad thai and it was great. They let you pick how spicy you want it
4	We were driving by this place and thought we'd stop and check out a Thai place we'd never been to. I was a bit nervous since it was 6pm and there were no customers in sight, but gave it a try anyways. We ordered Pad Thai, Yellow Curry and Sweet & Sour Tofu.  The yellow curry was absolutely delicious. The pad thai was good (hard to mess up) and the Sweet & Sour was really good. It was a light sauce and had a hint of spice to it. The service was decent and the prices very reasonable. We'll definitely be back!
3	Very friendly family business.  We had the pad thai, ginger chicken, chicken satay, and chicken fried rice. We are from out of town and we wanted to thai food but we wanted to play it safe.  The other yelp reviews rave about the curry so in hindsight we should have tried that. But the food was ok, not great but not bad.  The prices were very reasonable, borderline cheap. Glad we visited.
5	Try the any of the curries!!! We eat here once a week (Tuesday Thai). Small mom & pop place with good food, good prices, and friendly, quaint atmosphere. Thai Chef's Bistro is spicier than most (i.e., their "4" seems spicier than other "4"s I've had.), but that's how I like it. The nearby Thai House is good, but I like this better.
1	Worst Thai EVER!!!! ZERO STARS. I ordered the jasmine tea, it tasted like tap water. My friend ordered the Pepsi. (can''t mess that up unless its a broken machine.) The soup of the day tasted like egg and bbq sauce! The egg rolls tasted like freezer burn. At this point, I wanted to leave...but we are nice so stuck around to see if the main dishes would redeem this place....hardly. Her main course tasted like urine and my curry dish was so watery!! We told them after taking a bite about it and we heard them laughing in the kitchen about the food tasting like urine. We did not get an apology or anything of the sort to make it right. No one was there but a bunch of kids in the kitchen...are they the ones who run this joint??? This place is disgusting and you could not even pay me to come back or put their garbage in my mouth. .
5	My family has been here multiple times and the food is always dependably delish. The restaurant is pretty much a little hole in the wall (the best kind of place) with some of the best food you could ever eat. We've had the pad thai, curry, tom ka along with several other dishes and we have yet to be disappointed. They also offer a few Chinese faves with a Thai flare on their menu. Their won ton soup-I kid you not-has the BEST BROTH I have ever tasted! Unlike the other asian chain restaurants in the valley (that use poorly trained "chefs" to cook) the friendly Thai couple that own this place cook every dish as if it were for their own family. You must sample this place :-)
3	Not being a very experienced Thai food fan, I decided to try this place.  I ordered the Pad Thai since that seems to be the classic Thai dish, and some Chunky Dumpling which are just fried Dim Sum. They were ok, not great and not bad.  The Pad Thai was bland to me, the Chunky Dumpling hard to eat because the outside was very fried and you weren't supplied with a knife to cut them in two.  I followed all this up with an order of sticky rice with mango, which costs like $1+ more for 6 teeny slices of mango (?), but it was really good for something different that was sweet.Would I go back?  Did I like it?  It was just okay to me, and I will try more Thai places before I make a final judgment.  It does seem to me that the other time I ate Thai the food was alot more tasty, and I did find the food here somewhat on the bland side.This is a family owned business by what appears to be natives of the land (I didn't stop to ask where they were from, but their English is just mediocre).  The one super positive comment I can make is that the food here is really fresh--something I find lacking in some places in Phoenix, unfortunately.  Nothing I had looked or tasted like it had been in the freezer for days.I can say that, after speaking with the owners, that they really do want to please the customers I could tell.  They want you to be happy with their food, so realistic and honest comments to them would probably be appreciated.
5	This hidden restaurant in Scottsdale is quite the food. The food is delicious and very authentic. The portions are generous, great prices, and the owners are awesome!When they head we were planning a trip to Thailand, the owners sat down & gave us great advice!
5	Very affordable authentic Thai food. Lunch special can't be beat for the price ($5.99). Service may slow when it's super busy during the lunch hour. But hey, they are a mom and pop place with one waitress. I recommend the pad thai.
4	We love Havanero's and we saw this place right across the street.  Very authentic thai food, very fresh and everything is cooked to order.  We had the tom ka gai (not sure if it is spelled right) and it was very good.  We ordered spice level 3 (from 1 to 5) and it was pretty spicy for me.  I usually order 3 at other thai restaurants and I can handle the spice level.  The panang was amazing.  The fried banana dessert with homemade coconut ice-cream is to die for.  We loved this place and will definitely be back!
4	Great family owned business. Very inexpensive and super fast service.
1	Just went to try this place for lunch and it is no longer open :( looks like it went out of business.
3	Pad Thai wasn't bad for the price. Could have done without the awful top 40 station blaring the entire time. Autotune and Thai food never go together.
