1	This is the worst air conditioning company ever. They've been to my house 6 times this summer and the problem is yet to be fixed. They are highly unprofessional. The service manager came out and openly expressed he did not have enough time to complete the repair. Instead of doing his job and fixing the problem, we were given instructions on what to do when the air went out again. I think they are just looking for the easy way out instead if fixing the real problem. Don't use this terrible company!!!!
5	I have a home and a rental home in Las Vegas and BOTH homes needed to have new systems this summer. After getting estimates from the "big boys" in the business, I called a real estate broker friend of mine and asked who he used for the 20 or so homes he owns in the valley. He says that Jeremy Davis with Your Air Conditioning and Heating is who he had been using for years and he had been most satisfied!!! That was good enough for me....so I called Jeremy and he went to both properties, assessed the situations, explained all my options to me and once I decided on the system (Trane), he got back to me with very professional proposals spelling out everything including warranty, etc. He gave me a discount for multiple properties, but even before discount, his price was significantly lower than the 5 estimates I had done by the "big boys" in the business.  He is totally reliable, works right along beside his employees and goes beyond the call of duty to give the BEST service I have ever had!!!!  I am thrilled and I cannot believe that there is a review by Roger somebody that is so negative!!! There has to be something else going on here!!! If you need service for heating or cooling you would definitely be doing yourself a favor to give these people a call!!!
5	I have a home and a rental home in Las Vegas and BOTH homes needed to have new systems this summer. After getting estimates from the "big boys" in the business, I called a real estate broker friend of mine and asked who he used for the 20 or so homes he owns in the valley. He says that Jeremy Davis with Your Air Conditioning and Heating is who he had been using for years and he had been most satisfied!!! That was good enough for me....so I called Jeremy and he went to both properties, assessed the situations, explained all my options to me and once I decided on the system (Trane), he got back to me with very professional proposals spelling out everything including warranty, etc. He gave me a discount for multiple properties, but even before discount, his price was significantly lower than the 5 estimates I had done by the "big boys" in the business.  He is totally reliable, works right along beside his employees and goes beyond the call of duty to give the BEST service I have ever had!!!!  I am thrilled and I cannot believe that there is a review by Roger somebody that is so negative!!! There has to be something else going on here!!! If you need service for heating or cooling you would definitely be doing yourself a favor to give these people a call!!!
5	Absolutely stunning service and fast! Very friendly and knowledgeable staff. Gets things done right for very reasonable prices and fast! Our AC stopped working one day, and we don't know a dang thing about air conditioning units... and when your AC breaks.... it's expensive! ...rather... it CAN BE expensive. We were expecting our AC was toast... the technician was so nice, and so honest... turns out, the AC was fine... just needed something small, and we only paid $133 bucks!!! I have no idea what was wrong, no idea what part was needed, and no idea how it was fixed. All I know, is that they could have very easily told us that our AC was dead and next thing you know we would be paying $8,000 for a new unit, but no, instead, they were honest... and I totally understood 0% of the technical terms that were used... They were in and out in 15 minutes, and our AC works better than it ever has.
5	I called very late on a very hot day, and not only did I get very polite staff from the dispatcher but the repairman as well! Gave me all of the options and prices up front as well as showed me the problem so I could see it for myself! I will be using Your Air Conditioning & Heating as well as telling everyone I know! Thank you again! My house is already getting cool and that is priceless! Keep up the great work!
5	Chad went the extra mile to make sure my family was comfortable in the blazing heat when my air conditioner went on to better places. really thorough, experts and professionals, Jeremy also is always available to answer questions or solve problems, even not related to the AC.
