4	OK, so I havent spent a lot of time in Maricopa since I moved out here, so this part of the city is rather new to me.  Recently, I found myself down here, and wanted to grab some breakfast.  My date suggested that teakwoods had some good food, and that I should try it out.Upon entering, I liked what I saw.  Yes, its a traditional "Grill and Tavern" in that sense, in regards to how its designed, but seems to cater to a breakfast crowd as well.We both ended up ordering omlettes, and they were super tasty!  Big portions! yumyumyum.  Service was wonderful too.I would return here again in a heartbeat.
4	loved the food here. came here last week when visiting my hubby's brother. I ordered the buffalo chicken sandwich with the honey bbq hot sauce. very delicious and the chicken is huge! i had to take half home because I couldn't finish it. my husband had an omelette and he loved it. all the food came in great portions. oh and the pretzel are to die for. they aren't all tough and hard like other pretzels, very soft and.... delicious! when we're out in az again, i'll make sure to make another stop there :) great service, very friendly and helpful.
4	Teakwood's offers one of the few edible places in Maricopa. Fairly priced and good sized portions make it a good bet. I have been going there since they opened and most visits have been good ones. There service on most nights leaves a lot to be desired, but the food makes up for it. If you are looking for atmosphere Teakwood's is hard to define. It is trying to be a sports bar on one side and trying to cater to families in the other. I am not quite sure what "theme" they are trying to portray but whatever it is it misses the mark. It is a good thing that the food is decent.
2	I would say this is your typical average sports bar.  Nestled in a shopping center in Maricopa, Teakwoods has a unique layout.  Half side is the bar and the other half is the regular seating.  If you come during a busy night, the waiting list is right at the front door and there is little to no space to wait - which gets awkward if more than 2 names are on the list.The food is maybe one small notch above bar food.  If you read any of my reviews, you will see we are vegetarians, so it is nice that a bar (especially in Maricopa) has veggie options.  We usually stick with the Chipotle Mac Mac, which is a spicy mac and cheese (comes with bacon and chicken, but we nix that).  What makes this a good meal is the pretzel stick bread it comes with.  Very good and soft and tastes just like a pretzel, but great to dip in the cheese sauce.Another favorite is the veggie garden gyro.  It is your typical gyro with a meat substitute.  Then we stick with the sweet potato fries on the side.  They come with a nice spicy dipping sauce.  The fries are good some nights and others not so much - seems to be like a lot of the food.All in all, it is decent bar food that can be inconsistent.  We have had mixed service there that ranges from slow to once trying to charge me to send back an order our waitress got wrong (had to argue with a manager and he reluctantly did not charge me for their mess up) to good and friendly.  I would give it a meh, because of how hit and miss it can be.  Seems to me that it would be great for families and it has room for larger groups, a big menu, and the kids can throw the peanut shells on the ground.Another tip, we went once for breakfast and unless you have not eaten in nine years and two months, you will not finish an omelet meal.  They are just too big.
4	My husband and I ate here a couple nights ago, our first night in Maricopa. A friend of his was taking us out and recommended Teakwoods as they had great food. One of the first things you'll notice when you walk in is the peanut shells all over the floor. Don't be alarmed, there isn't an army of peanut throwing little kids running around, they put buckets of peanuts on all the tables and when you're done you just throw the shells on the floor (not at other people...)The service I would say was average. We were seated right away and the waitress came to our table pretty quickly to get our drink orders but we didn't see her again for a while. It didn't seem that busy to me but it sure seemed like it from how infrequently our waitress stopped by. I guess my advice for that would be don't come here when you are absolutlely starving because it will be a while before you see your food.The food on the other hand was very good. I ordered the Chuck Burger which is basically a bacon cheeseburger. I was very happy that you get to pick your side dish and there was quite a large selection. I was also impressed that they cook your burger to order instead of just burning them all the same. The burger was very good and large, I had to bring some of it home with me because I couldn't finish the whole thing in one sitting.So if you're looking for a place with good food, peanut shells on the ground and slow service, Teakwoods is the place for you!
2	The past few times I have been to a Teakwood's the service has been terrible and the wings have been yummy. I don't know what to say, I have dinned at both locations (Maricopa/Chandler) many times, and the service has always been so so. The Honey Hot wings are Awesome. Too bad the service always sucks! They are consistent alright...consistently Weak on service.
3	I'm giving 3 stars.  This place is totally hit or miss.  The food is always good but depending on who is working will make or break the experience.   Sometimes the customer is #1 and sometimes Coworkers are playing with each other and not paying attention to customers.Food 5 stars.  Service either 1 or 5.  No real inbetween.Been there about 10 times and honestly half the time its great and half the time we either get bad service or walk.
4	They have there own spin on some old favorite but, the food is good!Breakfast is delish, gr8 spuds & pancakes (but, not together) Worth trying!
4	I don't  know if I would be as big a fan if I didnt live in the Copa but since this is one of the few restaurants out here, its a good choice if you don't wanna drive and want good ole American fatty food. I can honestly say though that they have the best sweet potato fries I have ever had. I would go here for these and these alone. Make sure to use the spicy ranch dressing that comes with them. Out of this world. In addition to the fries, I either order the turkey sueben with a side of thousand island or the chipotle mac mac. Most macs from restaurants are not good but this one is killer. Bacon in my mac? Yes please! And the soft pretzal they give you with it is great too. One thing Im a little upset about is that they had these honey mustard wings on special one night that were incredible. Now, you can't order them. Some of the best wings me and the hub have ever had so we are pissed. In any event, prices are cheap and the atmosphere is ok if you can get past most of the crazy, fat, one toothed maricopan ghouls that will be dining next to you.
4	I really like their food and the atmosphere here. Sometimes service can be on the slow side, depending on who you get. My only complaint is that the buns for hamburgers suck. They are really dry and end up falling apart before you can eat the entire burger.
4	Stopped in twice during our Thanksgiving visit to Maricopa because it's not too far from my mother-in-law and sister-in-law's homes. The peanut shells all over reminded me of Jimmy Mac's in my current hometown of Federal Way, WA. It's a fun touch, and something to do while you wait for your food, which wasn't actually very long at all. For both visits, we were seated right away even though the restaurant and bar appeared to be doing good business. It's a dimly lit tavern that's a cross between a sports bar and family restaurant with old west & southwest decor. The cowhides were certainly an interesting touch.  My mother-in-law recommended the cheese curds as an appetizer and hubby and I thought they were fantastic. They come with a spicy jalapeno ranch dip, which I loved, but my husband and mother-in-law preferred them with regular ranch. On our second visit, she actually ordered the curds again as a shared appetizer and then ordered another one as her dinner. What can I say,  she's a Brit, and they love their cheese. As delicious as the cheese curds are, I was surprised that they were $6.99. Seemed a bit much for a bowl of deep fried cheese.I was pleasantly surprised to see edamame on their starters menu, so I ordered their garlic soy edamame. It was a very generous, savory serving and better priced at $4.99, but I could only eat the ones not soaking in the garlic soy sauce soup. I'm a big fan of chicken wings, and I've been craving some since our last visit to Buffalo Wild Wings in Vancouver, WA, earlier in November. I can tell you that Teakwoods has just as good, if not better wings. They don't have the variety of flavors of course, but their honey BBQ wings were delcious, and fairly good-sized. On our second visit, I had the wings again. I went with their special "Mango Bango" flavor of the day, and while still tasty, it wasn't as flavorful as described and compared to the honey BBQ, quite disappointing actually.Hubby had the chili on his first visit ($3.95) and found it so filling, he couldn't finish his bowl. It probably didn't help that he had some of his mother's cheeseburger sliders ($8.99) as well. He offered me a bite and I would have made them an option if Teakwoods didn't also serve great wings.On our second visit the hubby had their chicken fried chicken and again found the helping too large to finish. It was quite huge, pounded thin, breaded and fried, taking up most of his plate. He's a food separatist, though, and will go through his veggies first, so by the time he gets to the actual entree, he's full. I had a bite of the chicken and thought the breading was nicely crunchy, but nothing special.The service wasn't bad. Like I said, we were seated promptly at both visits, our orders taken within a few minutes and the appetizers were out within the time it took me to go through about 10 or so peanuts. The soft drinks are huge, so we didn't need more than one refill, which was probably the idea.Teakwood offers everything you could want in a neighborhood bar: flat screen TVs to catch the MLB, NFL and college sports, a special menu every day on top of their regular fare and a full bar with  daily specials as well. I'm sure Teakwoods will be our go-to place whenever we visit again.
4	This place is great! I can see that the service could slow because they are busy! The whiny fools that carp about service in a busy place should stick to McDonalds. More room for those of us that appreciate what they do. Big portions of quality food, unique menu items as well as the old bar food standbys. Take it from a professional chef this is the best currently available in Maricopa.
4	Large food and drink selection and great attentive service. We will be back.
3	This is a very solid sports bar.  The food is good, the peanut shells on the floor add a really neat feel to the place and the outside patio is very nice.  The food isn't blow away but the prices are decent.  The Fish Tacos I had were very good, best I've had in AZ.  I'd give this place 3.5 stars if I could.
2	I'm a big fan of Sliders and used to love them here. My wife and I went to Teakwoods for lunch yesterday, I ordered my usual cheeseburger sliders and my wife ordered meatloaf sliders. The buns were hard, dry and terrible tasting. I asked the waitress what the deal was, she stated that they changed to a cheaper product to save money. Well, you get what you pay for. I wont be back unless they change back to a quality product. Now if I want a good burger I have to drive all the way into Awhatukee to 5 guys!
2	Nothing special. Very local. I had a beer and a burger.I came in for lunch and the bartender was unfriendly at first as she didn't recognize me as a regular. The guys at the bar we friendly and we struck up a conversation. After the bartender saw I was "accepted" by the locals she became more friendly.I'd recommend something else if you're not from around these parts :)
3	Good for a nice casual bite to eat.  My daughter loves peeling the peanuts and throwing them on the ground.
