5	Awesome shop! All of the artists are talented, professional, and affordable. I got a nice piece done here and will be going back for my next one. Thanks!
5	Amazing guys! Joe does great work- just in town visiting have had work done in many shops but this is DEFF one of the best!!
1	Horrible shop! Unprofessional, rude, and not good crew. Their customer service sucks! They don't keep their appointment they make plenty of excuses! Also, they have horrible personalities! Makes you never want to go back. DO NOT GO TO THIS PLACE!
5	Awesome shop. In the process of getting my back piece done by roofe. Attention to detail is amazing and artist is really creative. Took the piece way beyond what was initially planned and i gotta say i am very satisfied. Staff is friendky and the shop has tons of talent.
4	Nice clean shop with slot of talented artists. Boom has been doing my tattoos for the last few years and he always delivers amazing work. Can't wait to go back to finish another sleeve
5	The 1st Time I Came To the Shop Justin did a awesome outline on my leg of Butterflies flying up to the moon turning into a fairy..he was talented,laid back and creative..Only sad part was he moved b4 we got to finish...2nd Time was w/Boom & he did a beautiful tribute to My Grandma Lucy..I walked in thinking of the I Love Lucy Heart but expressed I was worried it'd be cheesy..Boom asked questions about her & together we came up w/a masterpiece..Boom is creative,invested in every aspect of ur Piece ,professional & laid back!! I Tell EVERYONE To Go See Boom!!
1	I was in Vegas for my birthday. Called in to see if they were free or if they were booked and the guy rudely responded no as if I were supposed to already know that. I fooled up by asking the shop minimum and he responded by saying "shop minimum? I don't even understand what you are saying." I'm a very deceiving tone. Anyone that works or has tried to price out a tattoo knows what a shop minimum is. What kind of ignorant piece of junk is this place hiring.
