5	I love college kids' old clothes! I swear, they throw out perfectly good items. Or it could be that when they put on the freshmen 15, they can't fit into their duds anymore. Either way...good for me!This store is extremely well organized. I love that quality in a thrift store. Jeans with jeans, sweaters with sweaters. The clothes are in really good shape too. I hardly saw a hole in the whole store! I ended up with 2 pairs of great jeans (which are typically hard to find in thrift stores) and 2 new-to-me shirts. Success!The feel of the store is funky. The employees are cool, the music is cool, the clothes are cool. The storefront is situated on State Street pedestrian "mall" which I recommend for a casual stroll, eat, and shop destination. I can't wait for my next trip up to Madison so I can visit this store again.
4	Well organized, great selection--really something for everyone.  From casual wear to work wardrobe you can definitely find it here.  Even if you're not too keen on buying thrift, most of their selection is 'nearly new'...and I need not emphasize our economy for those of the wise.
4	This small goodwill store offers some pretty decent finds. It's all clothes and accessories. Like another reviewer metioned, college kids seem to throw out perfectly good items. Jeans, tshrits, shoes.... all organized well. It makes browsing quick and fun. Go here before you hit up the more expensive stores like Bop. Chances are you'll find a pair of $200 jeans for $5.
4	I've been to Goodwill stores before to drop things off or look for halloween costumes to throw together, but this is the cleanest most organized Goodwill store I have ever been in!! I'm from Chicago and the stores around me are so junky looking. I mean I know it's a thrift store, but come on, you could organize things to make it look nicer and make things easier for people to shop. Everything in this store is color coordinated and organized according to size..how it should be. They seperate the shoes from the clothes rather than just throwing them on top of the rack. In the back it looks like a mini shoe store..very nice. They also arrainged the furniture nicely and the little knick knacks they may get in. I actually enjoyed my visit to this Goodwill..haha! :)GREAT JOB!!
4	Hands down, one of my favorite Goodwill stores around. It doesn't smell funky, no small children running amuck and no weirdos hanging out. As Melek L. mentioned, most of the items are perfectly good items. I bought a used 'Nana Repub black shirt for work/play, pill free, rich no fade color still in tact. $3.99. I also found a dark grey pair of amazing butt-a-riffic yoga pants, also $3.99. Cutie-pie plum vest that channels my inner-Punky Brewster...$3.99. Bargains galore! And please stop by their impressive, immaculately clean and nicely tiled bathroom. It boasts to be the "Best Bathroom on State Street".
5	This is one of the nicest Goodwill stores I have ever been in. Not only is it clean and very well organized, it has a great selection of nice clothes and super friendly staffers. They also seem to have a good spread of sizes with the exception of small men's clothes. But then again, men's clothes are hard to find in thrift stores since they wear everything until it's falling apart.For anyone who hates thrift store shopping, this is the place for you. They organize everything by article of clothing, (t-shirts, blouses, sweaters, dresses, short skirts, long skirts, men's work shirts,etc) then they separate them by size, then it is put in order of color. Need a black button down shirt? Go to the button down shirt rack in your size and look for the black ones. Brilliant!
5	Over the past year, I've slowly replaced pretty much my entire wardrobe with clothes from this Goodwill. I've been trying not to buy new clothes because it's so difficult to find out anything about the production process at most mainstream stores, and this store has made that goal possible. No questionable labor practices, little environmental impact (no production of new clothes with new materials!), reduced consumer impact, ability to contribute to an awesome business, and such good prices!--a total dream come true. Plus, the store is clean and well-organized and offers a huge range of high-quality, fashionable, appropriate clothing (in a way that not many thrift stores do). Definitely as good it gets.
5	Wowza!  My memories of Goodwill are tinged by what I've experienced about twenty years ago... dark, dingy places with slightly musty-smelling clothing.  I popped into this one on a whim, and I'm so glad I did.  It was such a pleasant surprise!  The clothing is all organized by size, and the store has a great selection of brands.  The merchandise quality and cleanliness really compares to some of the best "consignment" stores I've seen.  I picked up a pair of Paige jeans that fit perfectly and a Ann Taylor sweater for less than $11.  I heard the cashier (whose tag said "assistant manager") say to another customer that the area Goodwill sends some of its best stuff to this location.  I wish all thrift stores were as good as this one!
3	It might have been because there were a bunch of high school shits there when I walked in and they were obnoxious, or it might have been due to the fact I couldn't find much that I liked here in terms of quality of outfits and the types offered, but I can't justify giving this place more than 3 stars. It also doesn't help that I got a nasty look from two of the staff members having a conversation because I just wanted to get my items checked out. Yikes.There are some neat things here and the prices are great: I found a really nice suit here for $10 that fit perfectly! The store is organized very nicely too, as well, but that's something I've noticed across the board at most Goodwills I've been to, so it's consistent.
5	Ah, State Street Goodwill, light of my life, fire of my loins. I almost always find something here, usually clothes but often shoes and belts as well. I never have any luck with bags, though. I love that there's a set price for each type of clothing, and it's uniformly lower than Vinnie's. This place is a complement to Vinnie's, not a rival, as it only has clothing/shoes/accessories. But I think it has a slight edge over Vinnie's as far as clothing goes. (Please note: I don't shop for clothing/shoes/etc aimed at men, so I can't comment on the selection of such items here.)There are scads of nicer 'mall brands' here-- Banana Republic, J Crew, sometimes Anthropologie-- and every now and then a great vintage or designer find. I often see "comfort" shoe brands of the same sort as are sold at Cornblooms and Morgan's. (But weirdly, almost always in big sizes: who is the size 9-10 Madisonian shoe angel with so many surplus extra euro-comfort shoes??) Though there are exceptions, clothing condition is almost always reasonable to excellent. It's not racks and racks of faded, pilling Forever 21 tank tops. Personal favorite scores from this Goodwill include designer jeans (Paige, Acne, Adriano Goldschmied, Current&Elliott are a few recent discoveries), DVF print silk top, my long black J Crew wool coat, new-with-tags Smartwool scarves (twice!), various cashmere cardigans... and my and my mothers' glasses frames, each of which I found here for 99 cents. The store is extremely well-organized by clothing type, size w/in type, and color w/in that. The building is very clean for a thrift shop and there are 4 changing rooms, a reasonable number. I've never had any salesperson be rude here. The only drawback is that I always see this cute dude that works there and I would not be surprised if he thinks I have a problem. Curly-haired guy, please don't judge! Making regular trawls through thrift stores is the only way to find all the good stuff!
1	Eek! Maybe UW Madison students aren't chubby, but I have not once found this store to have anything worth purchasing!I am a size 14/16 and all the clothes I seem to find in that size range are dowdy and shapeless. Not only that, but that clothes seem to be marked up a little more than I have seen at other area Goodwills.Besides that, I've found service to be lacking as well. Yesterday, 12/15/12, I walked in to find 3 employees? At least they may have been employees? One gal was behind the counter and two people were talking to her sitting on the floor. Really professional looking and all.
