5	Best building department in southern nv.  The others dont compare to the ease of getting a permit to do a job.  COH is proactive!
4	Nice area of Henderson, I usually come here for the Farmer's Markets during the weekdays. There are a number of local owned businesses, coffee shops, gas stations, and even a small hotel. If you're interested to see what Henderson's local owned businesses have to offer, stop in some of the shops to get a different perspective. The City of Henderson's building has a large court, which is where the Farmer's Market is set up on the weekdays. This area is close to many other businesses down the street.For a major area of Henderson, the establishments are nice, welcoming, and frequently have plenty of people browsing.
3	Don't get stabbed!
2	slow slow slow slow slow slow service to just get a permit...which was waaaayyy expensive for no reason!
1	Watch out for city council meetings! They gave us the run around for 8 months on a re-zoning process, plus were incredibly condescending. Words cannot express my dismay at the double standard that Councilwoman Schroder presented--reprimanding one side of a communal dispute without acknowledging the other side's continual bullying and threats.
4	Super Duper Cute! Little Old Town Hendertucky cute as a bugs ear! Reminds me of Folsom Ca.. They have a farmers market on Thursday I think, cute businesses and a real home town feel.. Parking garage, nice touch.. I do like it here on Water street, I think that is the main drag, again small and cute!
1	One star is way too much to be giving these bullying thieves. Their public service department has a monopoly on the water in the town and they take full advantage of it, charging  ridiculous late fees plus a $20 fee to disconnect and another $20 to reconnect. Then they don't tell you exactly when they're going to cut your water off. You can be just 10 days late on your bill and BAM, off goes your water. I've been with this pathetic joke of a company for 24 years and have had my water turned of TWICE, in 24 years!!! That qualifies for these bastards to charge me an extra $150 deposit, after 24 years of me being their customer. The only reason I have to bend over and take their raping is because they have a monopoly on the water in Henderson and they're the ONLY ONES that supply the water. And they know it. What a total joke this company is!! I almost feel like moving out of this town just so I don't have to deal with these SOBs.
