2	I was excited to find a Popeyes here is AZ. The ones I used to go to in Louisiana were good. They had etouffee and mardi gras cheesecake that were great. This one is awful. The chicken was old and not fresh. The red beans and rice were runny. It was attached to a gas station, and that is rarely a good sign.
4	One of the few joys in life is southern fried chicken! In greater Phoenix, you need to work hard to find a Popeye's, and to some extent a Churches.  So we were happy to see the Cajun folks from NOLA haven't given up on us just yet.This Popeyes is part of a Circle K gas station and is a few blocks from the 101.  It's not necessarily easy on/easy off, but close.  The gas station and fast food folks tend to go back forth and because of the neighborhood it can get a little sketchy at night, so use the drive thru.For those who have dined only at the Colonel's, this might be a shock to the system!  Popeyes serves both Cajun spicy and regular fried chicken, but I've found their Sides to be outstanding.  You have red beans and rice, Cajun mash potatoes (ask for extra gravy), and if you can find it, the best onion rings in fast food-land.  Sadly, I must report that Popeyes no longer has Cajun Sparkle (packets of Cajun spices) with MSG.  If you thought a double latte got your heart started, then Cajun Sparkle with MSG was a lot more fun!  LOL!Enjoy!
4	This place shares with a Circle K.Hate to say it, but get your 44oz. drink in Circle K for 86 cents to go with your chicken.But I'm here just to deliver my Inside Skinny:Tuesday deal for a leg n thigh is no longer 99 cents, it's $1.29.If you've had issues with freshness, go on a Tuesday, everyone knows about this deal and they're making lots of chicken all the time. LOAD UP!!! I get 5 orders and make it last a few days.MY PIG-OUT STUNT:Take the layer of skin from the top of a thigh and place on a plate crunchy side down, then peel off a chunk of chicken from the piece and place it on top of the skin. Apply a really generous amount of Frank's Red Hot or Trappey's Red Devil cayenne sauce. Fold skin like a taco and shove the whole thing in your mouth!!!!No one can top this deal.Church's tried but they just couldn't hang.Sometimes the Popeye's thighs are a little small, but still what a deal!Attire: Formal (Jacket Required)HAHAHAHA!!! I just had to.
4	Service is iffy at times but food is always great!
5	Unlike KFC, here they know how to make fried chicken right, and cheap too, particularly on Tuesdays when they practically give it away.
4	My favorite stop for fast food fried chicken! The spicy chicken is the greatest, and so are the biscuits.. The mac and cheese also wins, but the portion sizes of the sides served with the family meals could be WAY BIGGER. C'mon  Popeye! Don't skimp on the cajun rice and beans, yo!
5	We showed up and ordered a total of 54 pieces of chicken and all the sides.  Service was very quick and friendly.  All food was perfect.  Great Popeyes location.  Wish there were more Popeyes in the valley.
2	They food is AMAZING but the service is horrible and the place is so dirty. There were bugs crawling everywhere made us loose out appetite. I love me some Popeyes chicken but not when the place is this dirty. I've worked at a Popeyes before so I know how exhausting it can get but c'mon!!
5	I love fried chicken. I probably only visit Popeye's once a year, but every time I do, I order the biggest bucket and smell like fried chicken for the rest of the week. My brother-in-law is coming to visit us from Spain and he specifically requests Popeye's. So consider ourselves lucky, for having a fried chicken heaven on earth.
1	Poor management ( young rude lead/manager lady. Line people/cashier's are very nice and the chicken's really good too; but,  since the bathrooms and dining room is just nasty, I'm buying my food elsewhere! Just nasty and management is unfortunately very poor.
2	My friend and I had a craving for fried chicken on a Saturday night. The closest Popeye's to me from Gilbert happened to be this one. I knew it would it be adventure going into Mesa on a Saturday night. I drove right by it looking for a restaurant, little did I know it was located in a gas station. Wow! Classy! But I wasn't going to Popeye's for fine dining but some fried chicken. I order my food from the clerk who was not happy to serve me, never asked how I was doing or thanked me for my order. Like previous reviews stated the restaurant is very messy. There was not a clean table in the restaurant. I wish I had remembered my hand sanitizer. After wiping down a table with some napkins. I ate my chicken, even though I ordered spicy they gave me mild. I knew it wasn't worth bringing it to their attention. The staff struck me as the type that would drop my food on the floor and serve it to me. The chicken was decent but I felt dirty after sitting there for 20 minutes. I will go to Popeye's again just not this one.
2	Friendly staff, excellent spicy chicken, used an entertainment coupon for bogo free meal.  Restaurant could use a deep cleaning as its quite aged. But love their spicy chicken tenders with extra Louisiana hot sauce.
1	I love their food. But I won't go inside due to the poor cleanliness and bugs. So I opt for the drive thru and usually that works. But tonight was terrible. We pulled up and asked for a minute and then were asked a few seconds later if we were ready. Then a lady came onto the speaker and was so rude. So we decided real quick and she kept interrupting and getting the order wrong. When we finally got the order correct  we paid and they told us it would be 4 minutes. That was fine at least the food was ping to be fresh. They brought us our order and forgot our extra biscuits. When we went to go ask for them the same rude women handed them to us in a napkin. Although I love the food. I will not be returning to this location.
5	Friendly service. Great food. Best part was I got my food right after I got done paying. Fast Service!!!
4	I love me done chicken! After watching undercover boss I had a hankering to get some yummy grub. Sad to say tho this place is not the cleanest I would have hoped for. The bathroom smelled horrible. The food was good, but not overly exiting. Will return but hope it is a little cleaner in the future
1	Ruined me and my girlfriend 4th of July got our food got home ate about 20 minutes later diarrhea and I know it was the Popeyes because it was very spicy and I got the spicy chicken tenders I am definitely making up for it today.
2	Friendly service and the chicken just came out of the fryer. On the other hand, if I was manager, everyone (and including me) would have to take a section of the tiny place and get "Scrubbin". Next time, I will peek and see if its clean before I order again..
2	Popeye's has always been one of my favorite chicken places in general. The lieutenant colonel and the one with the church name are somewhat on the bland side and are not my first choices for tasty chicken. This location has a few things to complain about. The neighborhood is not the best and it shares the same building with the Circle jerk guys next door. Usually find myself trying to get in and out rather quickly. The customers are always pretty loud and obnoxious and the place is not very clean. You might even be asked for money in the parking lot.Service is basically poor and trying to communicate is difficult and a bit tricky. Normally have to repeat myself a few times to get the order correct. On my last visit experienced a triple sneeze by the cook right on my meal. Gesundheit!Usually order the Spicy Chicken with a side of Beans and Rice. Can't resist getting several jalapenos to give the meal some additional kick. Sometimes I'll even go crazy and order one of the specials. Tried the Catfish on my last visit and was surprised how small it looked. Maybe they should just call it kitten fish?Definitely recommend going to one of their full service restaurants that do not commingle with one of those fast trip places. Once had the occasion to eat in a really industrial part of Baton Rouge and enjoyed the meal so much more than this place. WHAT THE CLUCK?2.25 STARS
5	Ok, I had to return for an updated review on Popeye's Chicken and Biscuits. Someone must had a phone call form corporate because the restaurant is a lot cleaner than it used to be the last time I came here.My goodness, I was about to go to the dollar store and buy them some cleaning supplies but now everything looks organized and a place I want to eat.Anyways, customer service is always been wonderful and helpful. The chicken was fresh and the sides were delicious.  They give you so much honey that I asked my boyfriend if he could be my "biscuit" with the left over packets.I can't wait to order more food from this place!
