5	when i first moved to AJ i started going here...I now live in Phoenix and STILL make the trek out there to see Dan Finney PAC.  He is attentive and open with his feedback.  He listens and i just have nothing bad to say.  I have had to see a couple of the others over the years, and have never had a bad experience...another plus...  in and out, very quickly, not a long wait time!Ronney
1	The front office and billing is terrible.  We were a new patient and a cash pay and told to pay the bill in total at visit.  We did pay and their office took the money and charged us on our card.  Then they billed us at home after the fact because they made a $4 error when we paid in person.  They insisted that we cover their error.  When we stated it was paid at the time and it was an error on their office, they insisted that we cover it and then they sent us another bill doubling it and threatening to start increasing it by $25 each time that we didn t pay it.  It is atrocious and we will never use this place again or recommend them to anyone regardless of the Dr. s because of their rude and unethical billing practices.  They didn t even have to deal with the insurance company and their treating an easy Cash pay customer this way.  We will never go back and urge you to consider this before you venture upon this practice.
5	This has been my primary care office for about 5 years now. They have an MD (Dr. Allen) and several physician assitants. I have over the years seen almost everyone in the office and have never had a complaint. There is almost always an appointment available quickly if you are willing to see anyone in an emergency. They always are very friendly and take more than 30 seconds with you. They listen and refer when necessary and have always interacted well with the insurance companies to get referals done. The offices are always clean and bright. Great support staff as well.
5	I love this place, my husband and I have been going here for years.  They are always quick to get you in for an appt the same day or next day. They  take time listening to your complaints about your health, and give the best treatment.  They recently redecorated their office, it looks very nice, &  it is always very clean.  The only thing I hate is that you can never talk to a real person, the Drs & Medical Assts only have a voice mail and, I don't recall ever hearing back from them until after the office closed for the day. The staff is polite, keep the patient flow moving, we never have to wait longer than 10-15 min. to be called back to the office, and 10-15 min to be seen.
4	The male Dr. was very nice and thorough.  One of the receptionists was rude but if you can look past that, it was a nice place to go.  Pretty fast too.
