4	When my sister and I were little, we used to rebel against the very idea of a thrift store. We hated the smell (you know, the one that reminds you of visiting a nursing home) and were horrified by the thought of wearing something someone else had worn.To this day, I'm still not thrilled by the idea of hand-me-downs from an unidentified stranger. That being said, my husband and I stumbled upon the every other Saturday 50% off sale at the Goodwill on Camelback and have been pretty excited about going back since. We were in this part of Tempe this morning, saw this location, and realized that it was not only a much bigger location than the Camelback one but also that it was again 50% off Saturday. We didn't spend long here--there's that smell, after all--but we did come out victorious. For $40, we emerged with two *huge* house plants for $7.50 each, a gorgeous silver pot/vase for $5, 3 sun dresses for me at $3.50 each and a t-shirt for $2.50. Once I wash the clothes with my own detergent, all I'll remember is that I would have paid $100 or so for these items anywhere else. If you can get past the physical and psychological barriers to buying used clothing, you might find some really cute and cheap items--and score yourself some deals on home decor items. And, as you can imagine, the foray into used-goods land feels all the more worth it when you go on a 50% off Saturday and get the stuff for even cheaper.
3	Any Goodwill... my go to place to find replacement (or addtl for the office) cell phone chargers.  Goodwills will have an electrical outlet strip avail where you can test if the charger works w/ your phone... so you don't even have to wonder.
4	I have been in this store several times over the last few years, always looking for something in particular. Certain computer hook up bits, or things for the TV or something like that.I got my girlfriend to start going there and at first she did not want to. Then she decided it was a good place to look for unusual dishes and glasses.She is really into the Phalsghapff stuff , they are always discontinuing patterns.So she tells me.She has yet to find one but, as she says you never know. Well, we came yesterday to drop off some donations. In fact an entire truck of donations. My girlfriend decided she did not want to have a yard sale and was sick of looking at all the things. So we loaded up the truck and took it all away. 5 people came out to help us uload it all. They were happy and friendly and were a joy to visit with.We had a set of Bubba Gump Glasses from Maui. We really wanted to give them to one of the kids as he liked them. But, he said he could not accept them. Rules and regulations you know. They were fun people and we are happy to donate and will do it again.For the drop off of donations you go around the back of the store by the way.
5	As a pay it forward for the happiness that my recently adopted shelter dog has brought me, I am currently working on a challenge to my family and friends to donate a used item (blankets and towels), or they may give me $1 and I will find the items at the Goodwill. I will be donating these to local animal rescues as they use them to make soft bedding for the dogs and cats and also the towels are needed for the baths. This past week I have been visiting Goodwills over my lunch break and I hit the motherload with the Guadalupe and Rural store. They had an entire rack of what I was looking for! It was also $1 day. The store is set up just like I had suggested in a post to the Goodwill and that was that they have outfits (tops, bottoms & shoes) on the end caps of the aisles using the weeks color tag. Not only does it make the special tag easy to find, you are more prone to purchase too if you like what you see. They also had tables set up in the front of the store with dishes, tablecloths, cloth napkins and a hutch with knick knacks just like one would customize so at home. Needless to say, I bought the tablecloth. The staff was friendly too, she asked if I was going store to store for what I was looking for, and I said not now, you had it all here, now I am going to get lunch!
4	If you want to build a business-casual wardrobe, this location is the place to start.Let me explain.I am transitioning from a larger size to smaller ones and as such, I am unsure of how long I will be at my current size. Having a variety...a nice variety of business casual clothes from which I can choose is awesome.I have found silk blouses, dress blouses, dress pants and a few skirts at this location.I have also found a few things for my kitchen (huge glass cutting board, ceramic water dispenser, baking tools). If you've ever made it in to a GW on a Super Saturday (50% off everything except mattresses and select new items) you can usually expect a madhouse...NOT. The staff is helpful and keeps the lines in front of the change rooms under watchful eyes. They also do a good job of keep the changing rooms free of discarded items...just makes a HUGE difference to me and improves my shopping experience tremendously.
4	This is a good Goodwill location to visit, especially for dropping off donations. There is a great area behind the building to quickly and easily drop off donations, and the store is very large with a ton of stuff in stock. Overall a good location to visit
