5	Love my Bank!!!  Help me establish new accounts for bill pay, help me save money for the future!!!  Not to mention the cute teller girls!!!
5	Love this bank!!! They have great customer service inside the branch and at the drive thru. They always greet me and tell me to come back soon. Kudos to the staff there.
1	My beef is actually with Wells Fargo Bank in general, and not necessarily the Chandler Branch.  My issue is that WFB has now implemented new check cashing and depositing methodologies like taking a picture with your smart phone and sending it to them for deposit.  The only problem is that with some of these new methodologies, they cannot provide their customer's with copies or images of the cancelled checks.  But they won't admit their deficiency in this area.  They make up all kinds of excuses like the check must have been damaged or lost in transit, but I know that this is total B.S. since when I look at my checking account, the checks from all the EXACTLY SAME ESTABLISHMENTS ARE THOSE WHERE CANCELLED CHECK OR THEIR IMAGES ARE NOT RETRIEVABLE!!  So I know for a fact that these establishments are using the new deposit methodologies and WFB have not figured out a way to save the images.  Why do they lie?  Do they think we are stupid?  Banks all suck!!!
1	Update:  I tried to transfer some money with their online services from one of my trust savings accounts and it would not allow me to do it.  I tried 3 times with the same result.  So I called customer service for help -- I hate those call centers, you always get to talk with some dufess.  She helped me and said it was fixed and it would now work.  So I tried again with the same result.  So I called again and got some guy that said the first gal did it wrong and he fixed it --- NOT!!  Same result; still not working.  So I called back for try #3  -- this time another guy tells me that it was originally set up a long time ago and couldn't understand why it was not working and implied that I was doing it wrong......Gimme a break.  I have been doing online money transfers for decades with no problem, other than this one account.So I call again for the fourth time and get another guy who investigates and informs me that trust accounts are not allowed to make online transfers.  Finally, I got a valid (hopefully) reason!!!  But when I ask why, he doesn't know.WTH!  Why do these banks always use poorly trained dufesses in their call centers?  And why don't they have access to experts???I hate freaking banks!
1	OK; been busy for a week or so, but finally got around to trying to address my problem.  So I drive to the branch bank here and talk with one of those so-called personal bankers.  Now not to seem officious or something, but I am a platinum/preferred client.  So they give me this gal as a personal banker and I tell her my issue and the problems I have had with their customer service call center.  She tells me that she is not well versed with trust accounts and cannot help me -- again, an issue of poor training.  So she goes to get the branch manager.  Now this gal is obviously more experienced and knowledgeable and I tell her my saga again.  She says that whomever gave me those stories were wrong.  There are no restrictions on trust accounts preventing me for transferring funds from or to those kinds of accounts.  So she shows me how to do it.  While she is showing me, I notice that she goes thru a series of internet maneuvers that differ slightly from what I have always used, but she says that sometimes you have to use a work around to get around the bugaboos with their computer systems -- WTF???  How the heck am I supposed to know that???In any event, she solves my problem but I still do not feel comfortable with the way WFB has these "issues" with their computer systems that you need to understand the "alternate methods" to get done what you want done.But at least I got my problem solved but I still think their customer service is sorely lacking when they have the public deal with poorly trained or non-experienced reps.
