5	Great team! The folks from joeverse have outdone themselves with this burger and beer joint in the old port. Totally a chilled place for drinks or food or both :)
5	super chill vibe, friendly staff, cool decore. Wish I found this place sooner as I was staying across the street.  look it up.
1	The place looks very trendy, hipsterish, and has great lighting and cool architecture. Sadly, food doesn't follow the ambiance there. First of all, Rose & Goji berries lemonade was too sweet. I had a medium (way too small) Japanese Ceasar salad (Yuzu dressing) with tuna. Only five pieces of seared tuna. Not even fresh. It looks like it just came out of the fridge. Classic burger was small but ok. The only positive thing with this recent dining experience was the poutine gravy and the service. Staff was friendly. Overall portions are very small and food is SO expensive. Def overpriced. Considering the fact they just opened 3 months ago, I'm sure they can do better. I would recommend people to wait a while before trying that place but honestly, I wouldn't recommend it at all.
5	From the fantastic tunes and hip vibe, to the incredibly yummy eats, you can tell the staff at Rosewood is passionate about their craft (they are all very cool/friendly too). Try their homemade lemonade and unique cocktails: original, tasty, and fresh. Delicious food, lively atmosphere, and good company: all great reasons to go back!
5	A great setting and amazing service. Weak beer selection.  Snacked,  but the food served looked and smelled delicious.
5	Stumbled on this place while looking for someplace that wasn't $40 per plate. The food here is great, and cocktails are even better. If Sam is bartending you are in for a treat, ask him for a a "crossroad". Also, the Cesar Japonais is a new delicious twist on a ceaser.  I wish I lived in Montreal, so I could be a regular. We were only here 4 nights, but we came back for our last night meal because it was so good!
5	Wow. Just wow. In town 4 days, dinner here twice and I'm PICKY about my food and drinks. The cocktail menu's accessible-sounding drinks belie the deep complexity of these concoctions. I'd try anything with the booze of your choice. If Sam is your bartender, challenge him and you won't be disappointed - this is someone who takes pride in his craft and it shows. The food is stellar. The chicken nuggets (yeah, I know!) are top notch and come with the best ranch I've had and one I wish I could have always. (This from a ranch-hater!!) Both the "cheesesteak" and Chic Fillet are excellent, and the Thai popcorn has me trying to replicate the recipe at home. Very impressed with this newcomer -- from someone who usually reserves a first visit till after 6 months in operation. Can't wait to come back!
3	Rosewood was decent. Decor is very cool, location is great, but the food was quite simple. Yes, prices were equivalent, but when you order a salad, you expect more than 5% of toppings over romaine lettuce.
3	Joverse owners have opened a spot next to Joverse that is similar to Joverse but open Mondays! So that's good. There are a bunch of TVs tuned to hockey and there's top 40 playing fairly loud. It's a little cold and downtown cookie cutter feeling somehow, maybe just the business men clients drinking around us turned us off. The staff was friendly and cool. The house drink I had with homemade grape soda was tasty but a little over sweet. I'm really thankful for these new options in old Montreal but would love to see the mark of a passionate focused owner pouring soul into the decor, beer list and every detail.
