4	I shouldn't love it as much as I do.  But Popeye's makes me happy.  SO happy!  On a cold day - nothing better than some hot fried chicken and some mashed potatoes or mac 'n cheese.  I'm a big fan of the chicken strips personally - but they have some rockin' deals on multi-piece deals.  And their cajun shrimp are pretty dang good!  Better than you'd think from a drive through location!  Their sides are really awesome - but the best side is the biscuit - which is why it gets second billing.  They taste so yummy and buttery you just KNOW they are absolutely no good for you.  And yet.... mmmmmmm... so good.
2	Yes... I went to Popeye's for dinner tonight.  I had a craving for popcorn shrimp and it was the closest thing to satisfy my hunger.  Is it just me or are their portions shrinking?  My popcorn shrimp was good and finger-lickin' greasy like I expected, but I could have eaten 3 times the amount! I guess that explains why they don't have a kid's menu and my boyfriend's son couldn't get a damn toy! They have obviously melded the two menus together and now I get to pay $6.95 for a combo that is kid-sized.
4	Having spent 4 years in New Orleans (mostly Creole food) as well as some time in Lafayette (Cajun food, not Creole food!), it's nice to partake of some Cajun fare from time to time, even if it's fast food... So as long as they don't take away my red beans & rice or my hubby's dirty rice (AKA, Cajun Rice), we'll be happy campers at Popeye's. Hubby misses the naked strips from the recently reduced menu, but my spicy chicken strips are still great, as are the biscuits that accompany the combo meals. I wish there were more diet drink selections, but that goes for almost every fast food chain out there, right now... Recommended if you are in the mood for a heavy, crunchy, crispy, spicy meal. : )
4	Hubby's favorite is now the chicken sandwich. I have to admit that the bun is tasty. He pointed out that the lettuce (not iceberg) and tomato (actually red, not pink) are fresh as well. I still like my spicy strips, red beans and rice, and biscuit. Evil, but yummy!
4	So, in order to counter the bad review of KFC I did - I'd like to thank Popeye's for being right down the street from the office. The staff here is ALWAYS good, even the drive thru. And it's always quick, unlike the toher chicken place up the street.My standard order? Number 5 = 5 Piece strips (spicy) with biscuit and Red Beans & Rice. Root Beer to drink.The only thing that could make it better would be Vernors in the soda machine...
4	Popeyes yes that's right Popeyes, after recently relocating from Chicago to Phoenix I wanted some fried chicken and Popeye's is what I like. Now Fried chicken competition is pretty stiff in the Chi you have Harold's, Uncle Remus, and Mac Arthur's but here in Phoenix I am not so sure of the local spots. There are not many Popeyes locations near my current residences but ahhh.... one is near my work location. Score and this one has the "Tuesday Special" 2 pieces - leg and thigh for only .99 cents. Talk about an awesome deal, especially if you like dark meat which I do.  I did the drive thru cause I wanted to get home on the 51 before the traffic got bad and the window person was very nice and efficient. This is now my chicken spot here in AZ unless you know of another one that can get me tasty and spicy chicken I can't be persuade differently.
5	CAN WE SAY I LOVE TUESDAY'S JUST FOR LEG AND THIGH FOR $1.47 MMMM HMMMM Yes As good as it giets!
4	Love it! Best fast food period. Really only fast food I will eat. Spicy fried chicken w/ rice and beans and mashed potatoes with gravy is what I get every time.The fried chicken is always juicy and delicious and the biscuits are awesome!
1	So I ordered my 3 wing meal and I'm really excited to try this chicken.  I get home (less than 5 mins away) and it's completely cold and dried out.  And I mean everything I ordered.  There is nothing worse than cold and dried out Chicken, Fries and Biscuits.  Come on how hard is it to make fresh food and know when it is not so fresh anymore.  I really wanted to like it too, so disappointing. Unacceptable Popeyes, I'm pretty sure your founder Alvin Copland would not be pleased with your store!
4	Allow me to preface by saying that I'm rating this as a fast-food chicken joint.  Comparables are places like KFC and Louisiana Fried Chicken and Churches (etc).  I'm not comparing to Pappadeaux's or anyplace like that.We were coming from a work out.  Didn't eat much before (hard to work out on a full stomach...sometimes get to feeling really sick when we do that).  So we were HUNGRY!  A craving for chicken was in the air, and especially Louisiana Fried Chicken.  But there was a notice on their door that the landlord had locked them out.  Consulting YELP we spotted "Popeye's".  So off we go!The place didn't look special at all.  Routine fast-food look with a drive-thru.  Menu was similar to other fast food chicken places, except the "Cajun rice", "Cajun fries", "red beans and rice", and "Jambalaya".  You can get the chicken "regular" or "Cajun".The staff was very friendly and helpful.  I went with a deal they had painted on their window, and then ordered some extras (Jambalaya and two sides).  Then realized maybe there was a deal that would include that and cost less.  The guy looked at the total, checked his board quickly, and said that was the best way to get what I wanted.The food took about as long as expected for a fast food chicken joint.The fries were like most seasoned fries I've had.  Maybe a little more kick, but not much more.  They were very good, but didn't jump up and say "Cajun" to me.The Cajun rice was similar to a dirty rice (Cajun), and was good.  Not spicy (hot), but very tasty.The Jambalaya was also good.  Again, not spicy.  Not comparable to Pappadeaux's.  But good.We ordered half/half for the chicken so we could try the regular and the spicy.  The regular was like KFC used to be long ago (when KFC was "Kentucky Fried Chicken", and was good).  It was your basic good fried chicken.  The spicy was a bit inconsistent.  Some pieces were "I feel the burn" while others were more mild.  I preferred the spicy anyway.  Good fried chicken with a bit more flavor.Frankly, I prefer the food at Louisiana Fried Chicken, but that doesn't do much good since they are evidently out of business (unless they can pay-off the landlord and get un-locked-out).  Popeye's was very good for what it is.I foresee Popeye's being our new Cajun chicken joint for now.  If LFC comes back I may have to re-evaluate.  But we were very happy with the food we got here.  In fact, we even had the leftovers for lunch today!  :-)
4	Finally tried popeyes after 29 years of living! Unfortunately I didn't have one near me back in Jersey. For a fast food fried chicken place, it was really good (comparing it to KFC, Church's and other fast food friend chicken places). Very crispy and has a kick to it.
5	As far as fast food places go, Popeyes is bomb-diggity.  I love, love, love the fact that they feature a Cajun theme to their food.  I love their Cajun season salt that you can add to everything.  Their "Cajun Sparkle" may be a more generic version of Tony Chachere's Cajun Seasoning, but once you've gotten hooked on this condiment (which is ubiquitous in Louisiana), it is heartening to find it available.My favorite thing about Popeye's is the spicy chicken.  It usually is more flavorful and juicier than the Colonel's anyways (Oh... how the mighty have fallen!).  I also like that they offer crawfish dishes seasonally, yet I somehow always seem to time it wrong and not make it in during that window.  My current understanding is that they offer these goodies in November, including crawfish po'boys and crawfish etouffee! I must be more vigilant so that I can scrabble them mudbugs up in my chops!  Just try to find another fast food place that dares to put "etouffee" on their menu... I dare you, dammit!Anyhow... little known fact for all you Cajun food fans out there.  You can buy Cajun-seasoned deep-fried turkeys at Popeyes during the holidays.  We picked up out Thanksgiving turkey at this store and were thrilled to death with it.  It is fully cooked and frozen when you get it.  And it's not terribly cheap... $50 for a 12-lb bird (or so).  But it is delicious! Still requires about two hours of cooking time... all the instructions are included.  Be aware these sell out fast. Having nearly missed the boat (last Thxgiving, I got the last bird at this store), I would look no later than two weeks before Thanksgiving to get your turkey.  And call them beforehand to be sure. Not every store carries holiday Turkeys.  I can't tell you if they offer these for Christmastime, neither.So be forewarned, Pilgrim!
2	Of course, I had Popeye's before, but if you look at the online menu there is nothing similar to the actual restaurant menu at this location. So, I was looking for naked tenders, but they were not around on the menu. Ended up with a few loaded chicken wraps at $1.69 each, but they are far from loaded. They are wrapped in a chipotle tortilla I think and it involves one breaded tender with some rice and beans. Loaded? I think not. Also added a biscuit, but no butter or honey was given in the bag. I thought that was automatic. Probably should stick to the regular chicken next time (next time I'm in the South) since that is what they are known for a long time, but the chain food tastes better when you eat it in the southern United States.
1	Poor customer service from this restaurant that shares space with a Circle K. Chicken was flavorless and some pieces were over cooked. Our order took nearly 15 minutes to put together because they were filling other orders while they waited for enough fries to complete our order. They did offer compensation but only after we complained about the six counter orders they filled while we waited. We have no idea how many drive thru orders were filled in that time frame. We used to think customer service was poor in New Jersey. The greater Phoenix area is worse by far.
4	GREAT Popcorn Shrimp Basket! Haven't tried anything else yet because this is just so dang good that I can't resist not getting it when I go there! Get it!
5	The staff is very friendly and knowledgeable. The service is fast and the food was great!!
4	Okay, I know, fast food chain, but the two pieces for a $1.29 (drumstick and thigh, choose the spicy) is a good deal from a taste standpoint, though your heart will hate you in the morning from all the fat but hey, live a little. A few weeks ago I tried the little hot sauce packets they offer on the chicken and wow, so good! I am also a fan of the red beans and rice - the biscuits - blah...but overall, I do stop by once or twice a month, on a Tuesday, on the way home, so I must like it. If you have never tried it remember, spicy chicken, drizzle on some hot sauce, and dig on in to a lowbrow but delicious culinary treat. :-)
3	This is the only Popeyes location I've ever been to, and I've only gone through drive thru. The strips are SO yummy - nice and crispy! The mashed potatoes are better than KFC I think, but they are super small. The biscuits are where it's at though. My husband loves their fried chicken, but neither of us can handle the "hot" pieces.
4	This is one of the better Popeyes restaurants in this part of town. It is a full service location and not part of a stinky gas station or quickie store. The inside is decorated with jars of chili peppers and other fun ingredients and there is a bigger seating area than some of the others stores. Usually stop in here when I'm in the area picking up some industrial parts for the shop. It is close to several vendors and a quick and easy meal when my stomach is growling for some Cajun yummies.Normally order something off the Spicy side of the menu and get several Jalapenos to wash things down. The dark meat is a treat and I like to get a bunch of thighs and avoid the less juicy white meat. Must say that the Red Beans and Rice are also a favorite and like to save them for dessert.Service is always super friendly and you will see some of the same people working here over the years. The orders come out pretty quick and the food is consistently very tasty.Watch out for the bus load of school kids that walk over during their lunch break. The place can get really busy and the wait times can take longer than usual. Whatever happened to the lame brown bag lunches that we were forced to eat back in the days? See ya there next time and remember Tuesday they have their 2pc chicken special for super cheap. AYEE!3.75 STARS
4	Service is very good most of the time. The spicy chicken is one of the best. It is worth the trip.
