5	We were very skeptical about hypnosis and only went because we had free tickets.  We were pleasantly suprised at how entertaining the show was and Kevin Lepine is hurmorous and involes the audience heavily in the show.  Our audience was so into the show that we caused it to run way over.  At the end of the show our abs were sore from laughing so much.  The show was a blast and we would go back again.  Definately with friends next time.
1	This show was absolutely awful! We saw Chriss Angel the night before and was sure there wasn't a bigger D Bag in Vegas. Boy were we wrong! We bought the show tickets at a discount stand with the promise of an open bar. This meant well drinks and warm beer poured from a pitcher behind the bar. I have no idea where it came from. The tiny theatre was only half full. The hypnotist was Michael Johns. He complained the entire time that the show was only half full and that he was running late. Both were his problem, but we sure paid for it! Save your time and money! AWFUL!!!!
5	Never having been to a hypnotist show, I was hesitant to say the least. But this little offshoot of my Vegas trip turned out to be one of the highlights! Kevin presented an unexpected caliber of showmanship for such an intimate setting, inviting his audience the rare opportunity to lead the show with no reservations as to where they were going to take it! That is a guy who obviously lives for his audience. Hilarious, and definitely a staple of my future Vegas trips.
1	Definitely not worth our time. Luckily I got our tickets for free on showtickets4locals.com. Performer although energetic he had about 16 participants which half of them he barely did anything too and the other half looked like they were faking their performance and just messing around anyway. Pretty much one of the participants was the whole show. Small theatre so all seats are a good one, if you do end up going there is a deal for all you can drink and I highly suggest to take advantage of that, because that's the only thing I would enjoy about the show.
5	My wife and I decided to see this show while we were in Vegas recently. We weren't sure what to expect but the price was right and it included free drinks so we gave it a try. It was a blast. I was quite surprised, as I had seen Kevin in a show several years ago in Detroit and was pleased to see his performance in Vegas. We laughed the entire time and are still talking about it. We will definitly go see this show again next time we visit Vegas. We are looking forward to seeing what is next.  If you want to have a fun night go see this show. Next will have to get my wife to volunteer.
4	My friend got hypnotized. It was awesome to see someone you KNOW wouldnt do half the things Kevin had them doing, do those things. It made me a believer in hypnosis right then and there. It was a great time for those of us not on stage so I did my friend a solid and bought the CD which was why I took a star away. The cd was grainy to the point you could barely see the particpants clearly and the facial expressions were the best part. The camera didnt follow the action as it spilled into the crowd... which was a highlight of the show that my friend wasnt able to see in the $30 video. (which incidently was more than I paid for the tickets I think).  Saying all that, its a GREAT show...go see it.
5	F'n hilarious. I don't use that term a lot but it is definitely something to check out if you are in Vegas. We were told by this sweet ol' lady at the kiosk in the Venetian, that this show made her blush because it was nasty LoL! The bf's eyes looked like they switched on because of some of the choice words haha! Get there early around 8:15 if you want to have a seat close to the stage. Despite being a Sunday Kevin and crowd made it like it was Saturday lol!  Open bar for wine and beer, well drinks close to the stage etc. Kevin L the hypnotist was E.P.I.C. :D!
5	What a great show.  Great price and it comes with an open bar.The hypnotist was wonderful.  It was an adult show but no one was made fun of.  My friend and I laugh so hard through the whole thing.  It's a lot of fun.  I wish I had volunteered
