2	Only really go here if I need something right away.  They do have a good selection of office supplies so you can find just about anything.  This locations seems a little cavernous and empty... I still don't know how it is still in business sometimes since the other businesses in this shopping center seem to come and go pretty easily.Maybe the reason why I never like this place is that I always end up here to buy printer cartridges that cost an arm and a leg - not a real good way to associate a place if you know you are going to spend x amount of money.... (x amount more than you want to).
3	There are multiple ways to look at this location.- The store is huge.  I seem to recall them actually enlarging it a few years ago, and frankly, they probably could do with half the space.  The one down the street (at Sharon Amity) is maybe a third of the size and they do fine.  This one has a ton of unused space.  If they do not own it, they are throwing away money.  Or they are charging more to make up for it.- Because of the extra space, you may pay extra.  For that, we do not always shop here for supplies.  You can find good deals around back to school time, but there are usually quantity limits.  So if you need some bulk paper, you might be better off at Wal-Mart.  Specialty items however?  I prefer Office Depot to Office Max, and there is no Staples that is as convenient to this side of town.- The staff comes and goes.  Literally.  Over the months and years I have shopped here, very few stay the same.  Understandable.  Even if you see the same person, they will likely be very different from one visit to the next.- On the good side, the rewards program is cool, and you get points back for shopping that you can use on a future visit.  That is always nice.  They also give points to schools for your purchases, which does not help directly, but is a good thing.
4	After my review of Best Buy in Matthews I have to give Office Depot at least a 4 star review! My husband and I have HAD IT with the customer service at Best Buy. We decided to take a chance and go to Office Depot and see what they offered in terms of laptop selections and service. When we first walked in we went over to the laptop department and we were greeted by George. George was extremely helpful in explaining to us everything we should consider when making a large purchase. George spent over an hour talking with us about the different types of processors, ram and overall quality we would be purchasing. He wasn't pushy and was completely upfront about where he gets his commission.. George not only spent an hour talking with us late Friday night, but he also made sure to set up our laptop for us to pick up the next day. In conclusion.... So if you're looking for a new laptop go see George at Office Depot! You might spend a few extra $ at Office Depot but you're going to get better service then you would at Best Buy.
