3	I read about this shop in the Arizona Republic.  From the write-up, I sort of expected Red Hot Robot to carry a selection of vintage era or themed robot toys.  Pretty cool.  When I got there, I just learned that the place is a Kid Robot clone only...not.  The selection is sparse and I just don't see the point.I'm probably being too harsh, though.  To have any place in Phoenix where I might find a limited edition Bearbrick, for instance, is nice.  I just wonder how successful this place can really be in this city.  It probably helps that it is next door to Stinkweeds, though.
4	If I didn't have better restraint, I could see myself spending a lot of money in this place.  The selection is kinda sparse, but what they do have is a colorful variety of vinyl toys, books, shirts and art.I was immediately drawn to the display cases of open-box vinyl toys.  I fluttered against the glass like some monstrous moth to a flame.  I wanted them all (but, responsibly, settled for a single Dunny Azteca).The adult in me knows better than to go back and blow all my cash on toys, but it would be a great place to buy gifts for others.
4	I give mad props to Red Hot Robot for supporting local artists. I dropped by last night to see my friend's exhibit and was really pleased at the turn out. Of course, this is is a niche market - people who like collectible toys that are worth more on display than in the sandbox. It's cool to see what kind of market toy art has. From books to random trinkets to tee's, you'll find a fair selection at Red Hot Robot. I can't rank this 5 stars for it's not really the type of art and store that gets me excited, but i was very, very happy to know there's somebody out there who owns an independent store that really is trying to promote local artists, like my friend. Check out his stuff on his site: http://steamcrow.com/
4	Gotta say it- this store is dangerous if you have altogether stopped buying collectable toys online and making trips to San Fran. Gotta give the boy props though for opening this place in Phoenix. I'm a supporter and hope we can outlast light rail....
5	Red Hot Robot is a fantastic little "urban culture" art store. I don't know what else to call it.Sure, it's full of cool vinyl toys, but also prints, books, cards, local art... things the the owner has carefully selected and arranged with a keen eye.Even my wife has been swayed by the Robot, who usually doesn't like to follow me into stores like this. She's gotten interested in the vinyl toy movement, too!I've always had great service, and parking has never been an issue for me.My favorite store in PHX.
4	I was completely not into this whole toy thing before until my boyfriend had taken me to this store when it had opened. When I got there all I wanted to do was buy everything. Which, I have pretty much have tried to do. Every time I go there I get something new. Not only is the place completely diverse in what it has but the staff is always really amazing and down to earth. I give 4 out of 5 simply because the womens clothes do not have a huge selection. Usually I am more inclined to buy the mens clothes. But still this place is awesome!
5	Don't say blinds again. If you don't know what I'm talking about, then you haven't been to Red Hot Robot. Yes, it's in the same brilliant corner of Camelback and Central as Frances, Stinkweeds, Halo, Slippery Pig, and Cowtown Skateboards. I think there's a Dairy Queen and a meat store on the end should you desire a dairy or protein filled snack while you're buying Tokyo toys, frilly panties, the latest Arcade Fire, increasing the size of your gauges, getting your bike serviced by someone even more obsessed with your bike than you are and checking out the latest Stereo board. But, I digress.RHR is simply the best new store in Phoenix. It doesn't hurt that the amazingly insightful Jason owns and runs it. Don't forget to buy the latest Ugly Doll, Amanda Visell vinyl, David Horvath (Bossy Bear, anyone?), Gama Go anything and a myriad of sweet items you will only find here.  Accept no imitations.  But, beware: buy one blind and you'll be addicted and be writing raving reviews of it, too.
4	Wasnt really a vinyl toy guy b4 going into this spot.. but i was mesmerized and inspired. Got a couple toys for my workspace, gonna be looking for related shops back here in NYC.
4	Ok. So I love this store.  I never thought I would re-live the childhood joy and anticipation of going to the toy store until I found this place. I'm so glad phoenix finally got a designer vinyl toy store!  its kind of our equivalent of kidrobot store only... better. I limit myself to one visit per week as this place has really sparked my vinyl toy obsession.  They have an excellent selection of not only toys, but books on related things and artists.  As far as the toys go though, there are tons of blind box series to pick from and plenty of bigger limited items.  There are even some big limited pieces and prints on display, gallery style.  Toys range from $5 - $100's so there is something for everyone's price range.They also have t-shirts, key chains, stickers, bags, stationary... a little seating area for you to sit down and enjoy the atmosphere and brows a magazine and cold beverage.  There is always good tunes playing and the staff is fun, friendly, and very knowledgeable.There is a mailing list sign up by the register or you can subscribe to their blogs on myspace to receive updates on weekly new stuff and sales.A great place to take friends from out of town or the suburbs or to buy gifts for any urbanites in your life.
4	Call me Mr. Roboto....I have to say this is a cool "adult" toy store (not a porn thing) I like the collections and interesting variety RR offers up. A friend of a friend was being featured and had a mini show of his upcoming web comic, hence my first visit to RR.   Check out his stuff:  http://steamcrow.com/It was cool to talk to him about his comic and the characters he created and see the man behind the monsters.  I also bought one of his prints, this cool Lincoln-stein Voting poster sort of a statement of our lack luster political candidates. This poster is basically saying  It would be better to bring back good ol' Abe and make him into a undead monster than to vote for  any of our current candidates. It's clever and combines 2 of my favorite things, Universal Studios Monsters and History.  :)Added Bonus he signed it for me. If you are into cool weird, unique collectibles (like the Gay Empire Line of pink Star Wars Storm Troopers) and Japanese animation style stuff, this is a great place to check out, it's next too Stinkweeds records, which is also a plus :)
4	"It's a toy store for grown-ups"*eyebrows raise*"No no no not like that!"When I was a kid I would get my allowance weekly and promptly get my mom to take me to the store to pick the new troll doll err...I mean troll action figure I would buy with it. Don't look at me like that! I mostly got the terminator and ninja turtle ones..sigh...oh but I digress. Red Hot Robot is full of..well Red Hot Robots. Vinyl; it's not just for records anymore. The hippest little world of geeky toys...or is it geeky world of hip toys? Either way this place will have your inner child poking it's head out of your belly button and your cube mate rage with jealousy that you have the cooledt desk toys in all the land...yup my vinyl bunny-robot-skull mask will totally kick your star wars action figures plastic asses back to Tatooine you mama's basement living, wookie sucking douche.Ahem...but I digress again. Get back that excitement of buying a new toy with your allowance and be the Joneses of the cubicle farm.
4	I have only been one time and I am afraid to go back. The thing is I like have $$ for bills and rent. I have a problem, and that problem is little robots and monsters presented in a toy type format. If you have the same addiction I do please go to this place. I talked to the owner for 15 minutes or so and he is very informative and genuinely happy to help his customers. The place is very clean and organized. Great job!Now if I could only avoid Wet pant. I would have successfully saved myself a ass ton of $$ and would have murdered all of my fun.
5	HUGE inventory. Last time I went around the store like 4 times and kept finding new things I didn't see before.  So glad we have a spot like this in PHX.
5	This place rules. It has a really good selection of things I really want but totally don't need. The owner is usually there and he is very nice and helpful. He let me trade my blindbox repeats for the ones on the awesomest christmas tree display. My one complaint is how small that crazy parking lot is, super scary!
5	==Red Hot Robot vs Toys R' Us & KB Toys==--Concept--RHR: Small, intimate setting wherein vinyl toy enthusiasts can browse through toys, books, clothes, knick knacks and art work. Other Places: Large, lawless warehouses of misery and confusion where cheap, useless toys are left strewn about aisles as unsupervised children topple displays and parents are forced to watch their childhood memories be forcibly stripped of their nostalgic dignity and peddled to their own clueless children. "Oh wow I bet you wish they had Transformers when you were a kid."Guess what, mouth-breather? THEY DID.Winner: Red Hot Robot--Staff & Management--RHR: Mild-mannered owner Jason Kingingham smiles pleasantly at you as you browse the store, eager to strike up a conversation or impart his knowledge. Newbies and connoisseurs alike have a friend in Jason.Other Places: Apathetic high schoolers and the sloppy managers who love them...inappropriately...and outside of the confines of the law.Winner: Red Hot Robot--Price--Red Hot Robot: Economically reasonable, placed clearly and openly for anyone to see.Other Places: Here, take this to a scanner and see how much this is. It's how much? Fuck it. Let's go to Wal-Mart. They probably have it for cheaper, and in undamaged packaging. Come to think of it, I need some things. Yeah, put it back, we're going to walmart.Winner: Red Hot RobotSo, according to my flawless scientific point by point analysis, Red Hot Robot pwns.
5	RHR is perfect! A cute little vinyl shop with something for everybody. I never leave empty-handed.If you have someone hard to shop for, this is a great place to buy some unique/cute gifts that will definitely get a smile. Figurines & plushes, little toys & trinkets, artwork, clothing, and cards to boot. My favorite item has to be the stuffed mustache with a mustache that I bought my boyfriend about a year ago or my stuffed anatomical heart sporting a smile (ala I Heart Guts).I'm melting!
5	FINALLY. A Vinyl store in Arizona!I have been going to RHR since they first opened, as "the flagstaff guy". Since then, the store has gotten more awesome as time goes on.The selection, the staff, all of it is awesome, and free stickers top this place out as one of the best shops in Arizona.
5	My jaw dropped when I stumbled onto this place. I could not believe that a store like this existed outside of a city on either coast. This store is truly a slice of geek heaven in the form of toys, clothing, and even a boss selection of hard-to-find magazines. Knowing a place like this is around really makes me happy and I just pray that it stays open and survives this horrible economy.When it comes to vinyl culture they offer everything and more you could find at a Kid Robot or Giant Robot store.
4	For a long time I felt that we'd never get a place a like this out here, and then all of a sudden the mighty vinyl gods atop Mt. Olympus gave us Red Hot Robot. After going, I now find myself paying tribute to said gods through plush toy sacrifices on a funeral pyre on a weekly basis. Hopefully my tributes shall keep the place in a business in these difficult times.It's a low-key place, simple and clean, without too much clutter and nobody bugging you while you peruse the fancy wares. Making things all the more comfortable for you, the patron, is the fact that everything is so clearly priced. No longer must you awkwardly ask the owner how much that Kozik is. You can simply look at it and learn that it's totally out of your price range.It's a good place. Lots of neat stuff, and at prices that are actually pretty damn fair compared to what you'd have to pay online (and that's not even counting shipping costs!).Here's hoping this leads to more in the local scene!
4	Now, I don't really understand the whole sub-culture that is obsessed with this stuff, but I can certainly appreciate it.  RHR is a great little store with a pretty diverse assortment of big kid toys.  Sometimes the stuff is really cute, and sometimes the stuff is a little disturbing, but that's how it should be.  My favorite part about this place is their rather impressive collection of Ugly Dolls.  Those little guys are my favorite.  The guys who I have seen work here are nice enough, but they won't really speak to you unless they are spoken to.  It could be worse.  RHR is definitely a cool place to bring out the geeky kid in you.
5	Red Hot Robot is one of the best designer toy stores I've visited! It has a great layout that allows customers peruse both the toys and art without feeling cramped. They have a wide variety of toys, prints, art books, and more, which makes every visit a pleasure. They also carry an assortment of offbeat, unique toys and customs that you may not find elsewhere. The owner/operator, Jason, is an avid toy collector himself and is very knowledgeable about his products and artists. Red Hot Robot is a must visit if you're in the Phoenix area!
4	I don't get this place.  It is full of things that are completely foreign to me.  They are all cute and, for some reason, I usually want them.  I don't get it.  The people who work there are cool and they sell Ugly Dolls so they get my vote.
5	Happy 2yrs!
2	Cheap novelty shop selling lame trendy crap.
4	A shop filled with things I want but don't need? If it's wrong to spend time here, I don't want to be right.It's not big, it doesn't have a ton of stuff, but it works. Instead of feeling overwhelmed by things to look at, I can take my time looking over everything.  And by some form of wizardry, everything in this store turns out to be something I want.Great place to take someone when you've got a birthday coming up so you can point out all the things you wouldn't buy yourself.
5	Tons of great stuff for the collector of rare, stylised toys. They have small items for $7 and all the way up to much larger, custom designs for as much as $500. Don't come in expecting to get your kid something - this is definitely for collectors only.I love to go in and just look at it from a gallery perspective. Tons of wonderful art for art's sake.
5	Oh Red Hot Robot! How shall I count the ways I love thee? It surely is in the dollar signs leaving my wallet. No longer do I resort to my regular two online stores for cutesy and disturbing vinyl goods.Now, I've not been to some of the real brick and mortar giants in larger cities, but of the cities I have been to, Red Hot Robot has a lot going for it. This is no "art" gallery with a few boxes of Dunnies thrown in a corner on a wall. This is no record store with a case of Qees or some other random toys. This is one (yes, small) store with every inch of space holding books, magazines, plush, blind-boxed items, open blind-box items, customs, etc etc.There is no better-than-you attitude in this store. Instead you'll find friendly, awesomeness amid a sea of fun. Just make sure you come prepared and TRY not to spend that whole paycheck.Having ordered from them online before I moved out here recently I can also say their online store is first rate as well.
5	I love RHR!  I found it by accident after a great day at Halo, and really didn't "get it".  I know there's a market for art toys, but never saw myself as a collector until I had my hands on a few.  When I saw the Christmas Smorkin' Labbit collection, I knew I had to have it (yep, that was me that got the last one!)  Although I'm no big spender, RHR is now a regular stop for me after work, after Halo, or just because.  It's great that, despite being an adult oriented store (not THAT way, although that's what I expected to find), I can pick up a few things for our daughter too.  Check it out; you won't find anything else like it in Phoenix!Update:I can't tell you how sad I was when RHR went out of business.  I had hoped that the move would be a good thing, but honestly the new location didn't seem nearly as attractive as the old one (which is why I made a special effort to continue to shop there!)  I certainly don't know the back story, but I do know that the day RHR closed its doors Phoenix lost an irreplaceable icon. :''''(
5	I less than 3 Red Hot Robot. I really don't need any of the awesome cool kitschy things they sell but I want them anyway. Want them like crack.Do I need I stuffed mustache I named General Robert E Lee? No. But they have him and I love. I also don't need the billions of tiny stuffed ninjas but they make my life somehow more complete. And safer. Nothing is safer than having an army of stuffed ninjas at your back.Every time I come in the store is well laid out and as well stocked as possible considering most of what they sell is limited edition and awesome.It's also super conveniently located next to Smeeks Candy Shop and the light rail.
4	Not being a toy collector OR any kind of expert on Japanese culture, I was mesmerized by the abundance of ridiculous madness that faced me at Red Hot Robot. Perhaps I'm simply not familiar enough with the crazy world of vinyl models, but this place is BIZARRE.And I loved it, of course. The whole shop was brightly colored, cute, nostalgic and childlike all at once. There were hints of things I knew (Mark Ryden books, stylized He-Man and Thundercats posters) and even things I wanted (that Godzilla wine bottle!) but the most fascinating stuff was the collection of totally unfamiliar toys. What the hell was that smiling red robot cat thing? I don't know!Anyway, great shop filled with things that are not the least bit essential but look great on a shelf. Plus it's between an awesome candy shop AND an awesome record store, so even if you're just looking for a unique time killer in Phoenix you should just stop here first. Oh yeah, bonus points for the super nice store clerk, she was awesome too.
5	First went to this store for the Johnny Cupcakes Suitcase tour. I am a big fan of kid robot, and this is a great place to find a different kind of present for a friend.
4	Found my new obsession store. For those toys and novelties I fall in love with online, I have found a store that carries it locally. From everything ranging from TokiDoki, Dunny's, Johnny Cupcakes, etc- they have it!I discovered this place when Johnny Cupcake's was actually in town do his Suitcase Tour promo from their locale. The staff is pretty nice, and tho the store is fairly small they have an array of items that will tickle just about anyones fancy and tastes.
5	Your one stop shop for indie and custom toys and books and stickers and t-shirts etc you know the drill- art shows plus local artists doing the custom thing. Best selection of pencil toppers seen anywhere, ever. Jason is super nice. Park behind in the lot.
4	Interesting. . .  This is one strange freakin' place.  There's all kinds of Anime-type robot art here as well as other accessories/vinyl-type toys.  Not my taste in artwork, but definitely a place to visit and look around.  If you're looking for smorkin' labbits, you'll find them here.If you come to Red Hot Robot and haven't been to Smeeks yet, it's just next door and you'll find all the candy you'll ever want.  Entrance in back.
5	Great little store always find something fun
5	I stumbled across this place completely by accident and was very pleased with what I found. A great collection of postcards, toys, T-shirts and novelties, this place is a real gem. The prices were about what you would expect for the subject matter and the guy behind the counter was very friendly. My Dunny collection expanded by quite a bit when my visit was over! A great little place to pick up something fun.
5	I just dropped by this place for the first time. It's a nice little shop near the Biltmore Area in Central Phoenix and I met the owner who was very friendly and down to earth. Although I was looking for a specific Toki Doki Vinyl Figurine, he was more than helpful in letting me know that he can get things in stock. After browsing all the cool displays and multitude of merchandise, I picked up a figure I can use to display for the upcoming Halloween season and a T-Shirt with a print design from an Arizona artist. I've been to LA and Online to fulfill my cool toy fetish but since I now know there is spot in and around the phx area, this will be my go to place from now on. If you happen to be in the area, add this place to your spur-of-the moment or impulse sight-seeing shoppin' spree!!! =)
5	I love this place because I love funky t-shirts and vinyl toys.  If you don't, you won't enjoy it.  You've been warned so don't complain.
5	I give them all my money and I never regret a moment of it. Don't see what you desire? Ask Jason and he'll find it for you!Get on the mailing list and attend one of the special events. Fun and fab!
5	I have been in love with Red Hot Robot since I discovered it a couple years ago when it was over on Central.  I have never gone in and left empty-handed.  My bank account is always at least $20 lighter, but the smile on my face and the goodies in the black RHR shopping back more than make up for that.I finally visited the new digs today, and even though it's a bit further from my home and office, I'm so glad they found such a lovely new space.  It's bigger and better-showcases all of the wonderful treasures.  The selection of cards and postcards is bigger than before, which, in my opinion, is a HUGE bonus.  The usual vinyl blind box collectibles are still available and there are so many other awesome little goodies.I have never asked his name, but the really nice guy who always rings me up (the owner, I believe) is always super friendly and seems genuinely concerned about how well his shop is meeting his customers' needs.  When I went in today, I asked him about the new Android figurines and he gave me all kinds of fun information about them and when they'll be available.  It's refreshing to be able to talk to a shop owner and get the feeling you're just having a nice conversation with a friend.Today I spent my $15 birthday gift certificate, which I'd been holding on to since January, and spent another $35 on top of that.  Best way to spend a Friday if you ask me!
5	Uh, Im almost hesitant to share my secret love/obsession, but its too good not to! Words cannot describe the swellegant environment that is Red Hot Robot. Just go to the store and see for yourself, you will thank me....or maybe you wont. You may become addicted to vinyl toys and then every paycheck you will find yourself buying freaking awesome goodies from the trinket peddler known as Jason who sits behind the counter with a candied grin recognizing he has hooked yet another sucker in for his sweet merchandise.....I love you Red Hot Robot (whispers) I love you.
5	say, difference between men and boyslies within, price of their toysbut not for me, last toy i boughtwas from the shop, Red Hot Robotgot tokidoki, figurinesall animi, and japanesegoodies, get 'em, while you canowner's passion, boy or manly, see, we're all still kidslifes' struggles, innocence, been hidbut not forgotten, and not lostand i don't think about the costof toys, for men or toys for boysred hot robot, just brings back joyof childhood, the fun n gamesand when i'm there, i feel the sameas I did, decades agothe barefoot boy, and how i've growninto manhood, trappings, grabbut i still keep, memories i haveof a toy store, all rush backas i browse their, this and thatsand i'm reminded, of the boy  inside of me, so go on, toyaround, this shop, it's cutet-shirts, windups, cards, to bootso men or women, girls or boysdetermined by their price of toys?think not, robot, cheap what I bought yep, this boy digs, your shop, a lotread the barefoot boy...http://www.unshod.org/pfbc/pfbfboy.htm
5	Red Hot Robot is unique in all ways.  As the name suggests they sell plenty of robot themed items as well as related Japanese inspired toys.  I love this place.  I saw it front the street and was curious to go inside and do not regret it.  I found some off the wall magnets, Family Guy inspired figurines and a Lego book for my five year old.  It is a great place to find a gift for the someone who is next to impossible to please.  Tonight I will be stopping by to get some small, but worthy gifts.  If you are in the neighborhood, stop by.It is a great place to spend about twenty minutes and twenty dollars. Parking is plentiful and there are some other fun places nearby.
