3	I went with the girlfriend to see Cats at Ovens & this place didn't impress me all that much. It was my first trip to the theater, so I decided to dress up with a tucked in button down. I was pretty surprised that a good number of people there weren't dressed up at all. I also wasn't impressed with the auditorium, it seemed very old & getting to the rundown stage. We sat far back for the show & the seats were almost too far back. My eyes have gotten pretty bad & I'm sure for some of the older folks in the crowd it can really be a hassle sitting too far back.When the lights were on, the place seemed just too shoddy for theater performances. I usually think of theaters & plays being in nicer venues, but Ovens just doesn't cut it. But when the lights went off, I realized none of that stuff really mattered. The performance was very good (even though I had no idea what was going on), the sound was fine, & I was pleased with the whole thing, other than being too far away.Like I've said before, I'm no rich man but the play would have been a much more enjoyable experience if we were sitting closer. I'd recommend closer balcony seats over farther away lower level seats. So Ovens really didn't impress me in the looks department, but once the lights went off the performance on stage didn't disappoint. Not one of the best places in Charlotte to catch a play, but also not the worst either.
3	My girlfriend and I had tickets to see Wicked recently, and I was pretty dubious from the start. For one, I'm not a big musical guy. Second, I was pretty leery about going to a venue that was a)in Charlotte and b) not in uptown Charlotte. Basically, I had no idea what to expect going in. I was pretty impressed, all things considered. I mean, this isn't the Metropolitan Opera House, but it isn't some mom and pop stage, either. It's huge and has lots of seats and a balcony, so you actually get a real theater-going experience. But it's pretty bare-bones: it's not decorated impressively, the seats aren't particularly comfortable, and lacks a certain elegance that you'd expect at a nicer, more upscale venue. But the sound system was great, the orchestra pit was functional, and the show that was put on was actually pretty awesome. We'll definitely be back for future shows.
2	I'm always disappointed when I get Broadway series tickets and they read "Ovens Auditorium."  Why?  Ovens is a place where you might expect to see music concerts or the circus when they're traveling through town.  It's not where you'd expect to watch Broadway-style shows or musicals.  There's no ambiance to it whatsoever.  Add to that the parking situation (the main lot is on a hill and when that fills up you park across the street from that on rocks and/or grass) and its location (it's off Independence with no restaurants or lounges nearby to dine or relax in before or after the show), and you've got a lame theater-going experience.  I would think Blumenthal could do better than pick Ovens for musicals and plays.  It's not worth the same cost of a ticket that reads "Belk Theater" on it.
2	I first saw an opera there while I was a drama student at Davidson College in 1974. I've seen enough performances of various types there over the years to conclude that the experience you'll have doesn't depend on who performs in it, so much as how good their sound reinforcement system is. Without a really good sound system, and a knowledgeable engineer at the controls, in this hall you get to see lips move, but you *hear* a muddy mush of music and muffled mumbling. Okay, enough alliteration. This place is old, drab, and acoustically dead in many parts of the house. It was all those things in 1974, and is all those things now. While it's been through a few upgrades that improved it slightly, it is still sorely lacking.However, if the visiting act brings their own audio system, you *may* get to hear well enough to appreciate the performance. If the performers are mic'ed and the sound is mixed by a professional and is delivered through the correct speaker array, you won't notice a sound problem. Compare the sound of this hall with Belk Theatre, McGlohan Theatre, Duke Family Performance Hall at Davidson, or even some of the high school auditoriums in town, and you'll know what I'm talking about. It is possible to design a building with decent, even near perfect acoustics. This isn't one of them. For its potentially poor sound, and its drab, cold surroundings, I'd avoid this hall.
2	I'm not really going to be able to say much different than what everyone else has said.  There are some very clear negatives about the Ovens Auditorium.- The Lobby is too small and not very inviting.  It could definitely use a facelift.- I'm tall but even my shorter friends found the seats to be especially uncomfortable even more so for a rather long musical.-The staff did not go out of their way to assist us.  They glanced at our tickets and pointed in a general direction as to where we could find our seats.-I thought the sound was pretty poor but it could have been my seat location.-Nothing nearby for pre or post theater drinks, dinner, or dessert.All in all I was pretty disappointed.  I paid big theater price for my event but got the Ovens instead.
3	Yep, Ovens looks like a high school gym from the outside. It also looks a tiny bit like one on the inside too. Nonetheless, I've seen some really great shows come here, like Wicked and 9 to 5, so I keep coming back. As some others have reported, the acoustics aren't great here, especially if you're stuck near the back. However, there are TONS of seats - seriously the theater is much larger that I originally thought. And because of the larger capacity it gets a bit more pull for week-long Broadway tours of high caliber. That's a win.The concessions and snackies are expensive just like any other theater but you can indeed bring them in (covertly of course). I brought in a bottle of water and some M&M's and saved myself a few bucks. Score! The attendants here are helpful and assist you to your seat if needed. And while parking can be a total annoyance at large scale shows, it's really not so bad at Ovens. We're usually out of the parking lot and on our way within 10 minutes at the most - just be prepared to pay $5 to park. So, while it's not the sweetest theater I've ever been to, it provides a decent venue to catch a really great show in the Queen City.
2	I cant really say that I would recommend seeing a performance at Ovens Auditorium. Compared to the belk theatre and some of the other theatre around town it really doesnt compare. You can really expect a high school auditorium feel at Ovens. The seats are old, not very comforable seats and when we went it was super hot inside. WIth that many people in one building they really need to get better ventilation and air conditioning. I have a very bad back and I can not go to many places because of the discomfort with the seating and this is one of those places I could not go back to. Ovens has had a lack of big performances within the last couple of years, and the prices were about the same as Belk theatre so it doesnt make any sense to go to Ovens.
4	I recently went to Ovens and I changed seats to the back row, because I had to sneak out before the ending to go get my boy from the airport, the back is awesome, it made me realize that there really aren't any bad seats.  I think I might quit buying the most expensive tickets.  You really can see the stage better sitting towards the back. Go figure.
3	I second Nicole W's description...it totally reminds me of a high school auditorium and definitely I get the gym vibe when walking up to the building. Compared to Belk or Knight Theatre, Ovens is the last one I want to go to. However, it's not horrible and I've had a nice time the couple times I've gone there. The acoustics, like others have said, could and should be better. Charlotte seems to have done a great job bringing quality performances to the city, so it is a bit disappointing when the acoustics impair the experience. The things that keep Ovens positively average and A-OK in my book are staff and convenience. The staff are friendly and the women taking coats seem to be all smiles. The concession area is convenient and efficient. The parking is fast and easy and it takes no time to leave and be on your way. If you had fond memories of high school, you'll have a nice time here, no problem. If you are used to the other two venues Uptown, keep expectations of the environment really low and enjoy the show. In any case, I'll be back...my tickets tell me so.
3	Ovens, you old queen, you.Went here for Billy Elliott (great!), and I had forgotten what an old place this was. Between the crappy parking ($6 in a poorly lit lot) and musty carpeting, I'm glad we still have this in Charlotte as a venue BUT I don't recommend spending full price here. I think it would be better spent at the Actor's Theater, Blumenthal or Booth.The bar is not good ($5 for 6 oz of SutterHome wine? $5 for MIller Lite in a can?), and the balcony is just too far away to really make out the details. The sound and lighting is good, but you never get "Lost in the play" here at Ovens - the old surroundings are just too overpowering.In retrospect, I should have splurged and gotten orchestra seats. NO BALCONY SEATS EVER AGAIN! Get orchestra and you're good to go - Just remember to pack a flask.
3	I'm torn between 2 and 3 stars on this one.  I'm rounding up from 2.5 for history's sake - much of Charlotte was built in the last 20 years, so this venue pre-dates that by a long shot.  It's old, so it's been renovated a few times.  The seats have been replaced, and they almost have enough room between them for my 6'4" frame.  The bad thing, however, is how close  you are to the person or persons sitting next to you.  If that's not someone you know, you may feel uncomfortable as you'll be running up on them.The place is decent for a comedy show but not so get for some of the Broadway tours I've seen.  The acoustics aren't very good and the close proximity of the seats may make it difficult for you to see over someone like me.  The lobby is small with one big bar and a small one taking up almost half of it.  Another negative is the parking.  I really don't like places where you have no option but to pay them to park (I never pay to park uptown).  Also, trying to get a thousand cars out of a parking lot onto Eastway is dangerous - even with cops directing traffic.  The lack of light rail access to here is an inconvenience.Shows are usually booked here due to price, availability of other theatres, or if the show may draw more people than what the Belk Theatre holds, since Ovens holds about 400 more people.  For that reason I've seen Wicked, Spamalot, and Rent here, but would have enjoyed all more at Belk as it's just a much more comfortable environment.  I've also seen Robin Williams here, and he was absolutely hilarious, so Ovens sufficed for that performance.  The bottom line is that I'll go to Ovens if I have to, but I'd rather she shows at other places.
3	Yes, you aren't uptown and you don't get that grand GALA event type feel.  But let's be honest, sometimes you just want to be able to wear jeans and watch a good show and this is where Ovens really shines.  If you want to dress up, you can, if not, no biggie.  Also, Belk uptown and some of the other places can't house the bigger sets so that's why you will see the larger shows that need bigger props etc. come to Ovens.  I've seen Wicked and Adamms Family here and both were done with very high quality standards and seriously the feel of a broadway show.  For those that have been to shows in NYC you know there are certainly worse theaters that house plays than this one!
3	Agree big time with almost everyone.  I am pretty sure this place played movies with a piano in the 20's and only decided to update the front entrance.  I went here to see Tosh and it was actually perfect for that.  I don't mind seeing a comedy show in a venue like this, but to see a band I would probably pass. I dont think the audio can manage, and I hate being at a concert where I have to sit the whole time.  Sure I have seen great shows in NYC, but we usually all flooded the aisles.  I rather hit up somewhere like Amos's for a band, but this place is ok for comedy shows.  The only other good thing this place has is cheap drinks!
4	I'm going to go out on a limb and rate this place higher than most of my fellow reviewers here. This place has some character. There are some comments about being unable to hear. We saw the Addams family with full orchestra. Want to know where we were sitting? The last row a person can sit. The orchestra sounded beautiful. Shhh we later moved once we saw how empty it was in the balcony because my legs are long and hate feeling cramped - an issue wherever I go to for a play/opera. I can picture the old days where this theater was the in-place to go. I can picture guys smoking cigars and drinking some fancy liquor while dressed in tuxedos or something. Try to look beyond the age and think about it in terms of being able to view a place that was the gala event place of Charlotte. I would continue to see just about anything there if Bluementhal placed it there and I wanted to see it. Only problem we had was that there's not a ton of places to eat right there (within walking distance). We also managed to strategically park at the far end from where you come in so we could quickly make our exit. There.. I gave you a Yelp insiders trick. Keep it with us :-D
2	Please update this place.
3	Unlike many of the reviewers of Ovens Auditorium, I could care less about updating the place.  The best places are ones with character in my opinion...this one...not so much...but it serves its purpose.  I suppose it depends on what type of show you're going to see at Ovens, but it seems quite serviceable to me.The lobby of Ovens is spacious enough, and the bathroom facilities seem sufficient.  The actual seating does have you getting a bit cozy with your neighbor, and can make for some bothersome maneuvering if restroom breaks are necessary do to alcohol consumption.  I have only sat in the lower level seating, and the view has always been good.To address the sound concerns of Ovens Auditorium, I have none.  Many have said the acoustics in this place are less than ideal.  That may be so, but a great sound technician makes all the difference in the world.  The last time I was at Ovens was to see the Pixies play.  The sound of that show was great, and I had a great time.  I do think a show like that would have been better at a place with some room to move around, but we wouldn't want some of the fans to break their hips now would we?
3	Ovens is definitely the red-headed stepchild in the Blumenthal's portfolio.As has been mentioned (more than once), it's like a high school auditorium. To cement that fact, the place actually holds high school graduations at least a couple of times a year, so it isn't like they are going to get out from under that stigma any time soon.To make matters worse, the location is not the greatest. Nestled along Independence, where you have to risk your life just to get near Ovens, then you you have to hope you are in the correct lane or you better just give up, because no one is going to let you cross over to exit at the right time. Then you pay to park in a surface lot and hoof it over to the entry.Once inside, the seats are reasonably comfortable for a high school facility, and the acoustics are decent, but do expect grandiosity here - it's about as spartan as you can get.The good news is you don't have to fight Uptown traffic to get there.
1	First off, when we arrived for a recent performance, there were a lot of seats that had been double-booked.  I have never seen that type of chaos at any type of show or performance. It was bizarre.The acoustics in this venue have always been bad, and they still are. Then, the seats were actually uncomfortable and I felt squished into my seat sitting between one big person and one tall person.  I almost felt claustrophobic during the performance. I saw empty seats out on the fringes and I really wish we had gotten up and moved during the intermission. To top it all off, it was really hot in there.... so uncomfortable that we thought about leaving halfway through the show.   We did end up staying for the entire performance but I have to admit, I felt a sense of relief when the show was over.
2	I agree with the comments that is looks like a HS gym. I too hate seeing Ovens as a venue. My tickets are high priced orchestra seats, for that amount of cash I would like a little leg room and a venue that doesnt look like it was a throwback from the 70s.. UPDATE it.. if this is part of the Belk theaters  and they are going to charge the same prices then lets make this place look the part.  It is way overdue
1	Went to see wicked, the show was good... But The theatre is horrible!  It's old and pretty much a dump.  There are not enough restrooms, as we missed part of second act just waiting in line.  400$ to take my family to a show and no hot water, seriously ?Get with it Charlotte!!
4	Nice venue for seeing shows.  Be aware that the theater is older and the knee space is a bit limited.  The acoustics totally make up for it though!
3	Hubs and I saw Kevin James live last night at Ovens, and overall it was a good time, but one issue left a bad taste in our mouths.  We arrived about 30 minutes early, so we decided to have a cocktail. We each got a vodka/cranberry. I watched as the bartender poured the Absolut into the cup, and she was fairly generous it seemed. Then she poured just a splash of cranberry. I thought "uh oh, that's going to be strong."  Uh, I was wrong.  I took a sip and it tasted like water flavored with a touch of vodka and cranberry.  It was SO totally watered down it barely had any flavor at all. It was very disappointing for SEVEN DOLLARS.  Isn't that an illegal practice?  If not, it should be.  Stop being lame, Ovens.
4	Road-tripped to our first show (Ray Lamontagne) at this venue last night. I've got to say, I'm fairly shocked by the consensus-negative reviews here; I suspect many of them must pre-date some amount of recent renovation.  $10 to park, near-instant access to the main road right after the show.  Nice.  I suspect if you know the geography, you probably don't pay to park here at all, as there seem to be plenty of other options in easy walking distance.   It's not much from the outside but perfectly welcoming once you make the doors.  A line-neighbor mentioned that it is the oldest venue in town; this shows in the architecture which looks like it could have been done by Mike Brady, but really didn't detract from the overall experience, in my view.  Yes, there is a lot of dark paneling but everything was clean and in good repair.   Bathrooms were fine, clean and sufficient.   There were lines for the bar (where aren't there) but friendly servers pouring shockingly cheap drinks (call liquor for $7 and domestics for $5? Don't these guys know concert venues are supposed to gouge?).   Google says that the venue holds 2400; this puts it on similar size footing with our local state-of-the-art DPAC but Ovens felt much smaller and more intimate without the stacked balconies.  We sat dead center of the main floor and found the sound quality to be top-notch (admittedly this can vary a lot with the act, but every instrument and every detail was audible).   Sound levels were just right, loud enough to make it a rock show and drown out the yakkers but not so loud to need plugs.   I guess it's fair to dock them a star as the seats themselves left a bit to be desired and, admittedly, newer venues have a bit more polish.  But I'd go back here in a minute for an act I wanted to see in a smaller venue.
4	very nice place. although the bathrooms are strangely placed. if you are seated in the balcony and a female looking for a bathroom there is one right next to the bar- im sure you found the LINE! but if you will just keep walking further around toward the wall (near railing) you will find a BIG bathroom with probably NO ONE in it!
