5	Here we go with A/C issues in the middle of extreme heat...ouch! Alaskan was fantastic to work with, almost immediate once they were alerted of my problem...within hours fast friendly, honest and courteous service throughout the not so fun experience. Tony was thorough and complete with all testing, repairs and refrigerant recharging. It was a pleasure to work with them knowing we would be able to sleep tonight in reliable working a/c units. Thanks Tony and Alaskan Heating & Air.
5	At the end of last summer my a/c units were not performing properly &now with the early arrival of summer...I called Alaskan Quality for an inspection of my units they were flexible with my crazy work schedule and were even 30minutes early for my appointment.   Chris & Rick were my technicians...these two were AWESOME! They educated me on the units, had a few minor repairs and they were on their way. I have never had such an EXCELLENT experience with their knowledge, professionalism and courtesy!!! I HIGHLY recommend ALASKAN for any A/C & heating inquires!! I am a client for life!!
5	Had a great experience.  I called them Friday night at 6:00 pm.  Wished they could have come out that night since it was a high of 117 that day.  I think everyone's air conditioning was going out.  They scheduled me for between 8a-10a the next day.  Chris called me at 7:30a to let me know he was on his way.  He fixed the problem in 15 minutes!  So glad because the forecast is for 117 for the next 3 days.  Will definitely call them again if needed!
5	Of course July 4th weekend when all the family was in town, my Air Conditioning went out! Fearful of the high priced emergency rates on a Holiday weekend I reluctantly started calling around. Sure enough those who would come we're outrageously priced and the rest wouldn't come till Monday! Then I came across Alaskan Quality Services, not only did they Save the Day SAME DAY, they were prompt, clean and professional! And the best part was that it only cost me a couple hundred bucks! I'm very satisfied and would highly recommend! All of them were very easy to talk too and informative! Thanks again Alaskan Quality Services!
5	Great company to work with! Chris came out on a saturday evening within 45 minutes to take care of our HVAC system. His price was we'll worth the service we received and  he was a friendly guy. I would recommend them.
5	Robert came to service my furnace and was able to fix the problem and get my heat going again. Very nice guy and I would definitely recommend
2	I think these guys are professional BUT my experience was not good and I would not call these folks back. I had a room in the house that was not getting cooled properly. Alaska  came out and concluded the only solution was a new $9k system or a $4k zone system. They felt a duct booster fan - a solution I had read about on the net would not solve my problem. Well I went w a competitor who agreed w me.  A duct booster fan and window tint was a simple low cost effective solution. Still not sure why these guys missed it.
5	On June , 2014 I called Alaskan air and spoke with Tera. We told her our air was not cooling and we're concerned for our dog and puppies. Tera said she would dispatch a technician out and he would be here in an hour. The technician Justin arrived in 20 minutes and remedied the problem. He was excellent with our dogs and extremely professional. Due to his expertise we took out a extended warranty contract.Thank you to Justin and Tera for their outstanding customer service.
1	This is the most dishonest company! The  technician opened up my unit and put to wires together and shorted it out. He thought I wouldn't notice but hard not to when the wires sparked.He denied doing it but I saw I it myself.I was  confirmed with Nevada Power when they came.
5	When I came home to a failed AC, I dreaded calling for repair. Alaskan Heating & Air was highly recommended to me based on the ethics and business practice of the owner, Chad. He has clearly passed these things down to his employees. They were ready to show up the same day, on a Sunday, no less!  Justin showed up 10 minutes early, completed his evaluation, and discussed with me what needed to be repaired and the function of the parts that needed to be replaced. I am happy with the price, and even more so with the customer service. I would recommend this company to anyone in need of HVAC services.
4	This company has great customer service. Alaskan Air came out the same day I called for service. The tech invited me to watch as he inspected and looked for the initial problem. My unit needed to be replaced. My unit was outdated and I thought running fine until I felt the effects of my new unit. For a more than fair price Alaskan Air installed a new unit and by the end of the day my house was cooling down. I would recommend this company. I would like the thank the other reviews on Yelp, I hope my review helps others.
5	It's been almost a month and I am happy to report that my house is very cool (78) anytime I need it to be. All thanks to the great people at Alaskan Heating & Air Cond. I increased my rating to five stars today as a way to say thanks for taking care of my family. When I called for help they came that very day and had my home cooling off before the sun went down.
5	I am writing this review because of the excellent customer service I have received from Alaskan Heating & Air Conditioning. I purchased two Maytag heat pump and air handler units from Alaskan in September and the units were installed and worked well for the rest of the air conditioning season. When cold weather came to Las Vegas, the downstairs unit was not blowing hot air. I called Alaskan on January 1st and said I needed someone to come look at it, although it was not an emergency. Carlos came out that afternoon and although he was not able to solve the problem, he set up an appointment for Matthew and Sean to come out on January 2nd. Matthew and Sean spent three hours and solved the problem. Because Alaskan emphasizes their service after the sale, there was no charge for the repair. This is what customer service is about. So the next time you look for the "low price", remember that you want to allocate some value to "after the sale" support and service. Alaskan provides that prompt support and service.
5	I am a new Sun City Summerlin resident (recently from California). When I wanted to replace my 25-year-old A/C and heater, I interviewed ten local A/C and heating contractors that were recommended to me. I met with all who showed up, reviewed their proposals, and ultimately chose Alaskan. I met with Chad (the owner), who struck me as an intelligent, fair, and competitive businessman. I also met Chris, the technical manager, who had a great reputation among his competitors. (When your colleagues are touting your technical skills, you MUST be good!)Alaskan prepared a complete, clear, and competitive proposal, arrived on time, completed the installation and configuration job in a professional and timely manner. Chris's team of technicians were thorough, hard working, and pleasant to deal with. The City Inspector signed off on the job, and I'm now very happy with my new unit. It is very efficient so my monthly recurring costs are considerably less. The unit is working fine, and I'm a satisfied customer. Alaskan followed up with me to check if all was well (thank you, Qiana!). I also signed up for their maintenance program. They even submitted all the registration paperwork with the manufacturer.All in all, I would recommend Alaskan to any one who asks me. One of the key reasons was their technical team, as well as their forthright, fair, WRITTEN price proposal. (Other contractors gave me oral estimates, some did not even bother to show up, and others promised what I knew they could not deliver.). Thank you, Chad, Chris, Qiana, and the rest of the Alaskan team for restoring my confidence in Las Vegas contractors!
