4	I come to this Sally location every 6-8 weeks and it's by far my favorite. They always have what I need. It's a clean store with helpful sale girls. Whenever I have a question they always offer good advice. And they have a program you can sign up for which saves you money. It does cost 5 bucks to sign up but you get it back the next time you buy something. So it's a win-win!
5	I LOVE Sally's! I swear this is where all my money keep on going. Aside from their absolutely fabulous products, & their amazing prices, I'd have to say that this place gives me excellent customer service! When I needed help, someone was there and even when it was busy someone would find their way to help if I ever needed it.They have makeup to generic hair name products. I recently just purchased Generic Paul Mitchell Tea Tree Shampoo & Conditioner & Generic Matrix Biolage Hydrating Shampoo, Generic Matrix conditioning balm, & a couple of China Glaze Crackle nail polishes. Since I'm there almost every week I did purchase a Sally's card and it literally pays for itself. The Sally's card is only $5 and you get discounts on practically everything in their store, LOVE IT! I'm a beauty geek and when I can get extra discounts on an already generic item, psh.. I'll take it!I buy my hair dye over here and I don't think I'll try any other dyes, ever. I feel like their dyes are as if you're getting your hair done in a salon but for such a low price. I definitely recommend everyone to buy their beauty supplies at Sally's!
3	Of course, due to my obsession for all things girly, I love Sally's.  I went in to look for clip in hair extensions.  I usually have OK service while here, but I usually by the basics so I don't have many questions.  The women working were not very friendly.  I had a few questions about the extensions and when I asked, they made me feel like I was inconveniencing them.  I had made a joke to my friend about the price and the woman who was helping me noticeably made a very rude face. All in all, products are great... but the service did not warrant 5 stars this time around.
1	Dissapointing service. I was looking for a specific product and after being unable to find it myself, I asked the associate at the register(who was free doing nothing, and there was no one else to help) if they had the product. She vaguely suggested that they did ' over there'. Over where I did not understand and with the attitude she had I was in mood to ask again or bother buying anything here.They do have a large selection of stuff but for folks like me who care about customer service. there are plenty of other places I could take my business!Bye Sally!
2	While Sally's is very handy to have around, I hate coming here. On the off chance I need something that can't be found in a big box store, I head over to Sally's. I've learned over the years that, based on experiences in Sally's all over Las Vegas and in other states, I have to hunt around online to make sure the product does what I need it to, what tips or tricks I should know to use it and what the packaging looks like. If I don't, I'm forced to ask for help -- Then I get the absolute pleasure of dealing with what can only be described as the unhappiest people in retail. Assuming there is an employee to be found, they will a) have no idea where the product is, b) not be inclined to show you specifically where it is, c) not have any idea of how it works, if it will work on a particular skin/hair type, if it can be used with another product, etc., or d) a wonderful combination of any/all of the above. A couple other gripes: the cashier is always hard to find. They still use dial-up to process credit cards. The aisles are wide enough for 1.5 people. (One last tip: if you've been wanting to try Wen, Sally's carries a similar product called Hair One. Works on some people, doesn't on others.)
4	If your military or dependents, you get the sallys discount card for free!Sally's are everywhere.  You know if you need something quick there not far away.
5	Not sure what the other negative reviews are talking about. I came here to purchase a blow dryer that will last, not some box store junk. I did my research beforehand on Sally's website and had it narrowed down to two dryers. To my surprise they had a deal if you bought a hair dryer, you could get a flat iron for $40 off. Both of the dryers I was looking at had this deal, major score. I needed a flat iron but wasn't planning on buying one that day. The male associate I spoke with was very helpful, explained the difference in dryers and which one would be best for my hair. You can get a Sally card for free if you are military, which I am. They have a great return policy too.
4	I don't go here alot, but I needed a specialty item- a razor to create fringe bangs. Pretty much the same as the rest of them in the beauty supply chain- small aisles, but crowded with customers on a saturday night, jam-packed with items for the hair- dye, extensions, shampoos, conditioners, styling products, face- potions and lotions, feet-nail polish and pedicure essentials- bars of wax, etc. I looked all over, until I was the last one there, and finally got the chance to ask one of the clerks for the razor, which was up front, and locked, too. Checkout was quick since the line finally dwindled down. Clean, orderly, and great for the beauty enthusiast, has basically what you'll need, unless you have more unique beauty needs than the basic everyday person.
4	So, yes I am a professional hairdresser and have been for years, I can get into pro supply houses for my products, but every once and a while I must go into Sally's ((hint Sally's is the parent company of quite a few pro supply houses)) so don't get snippy about it being unprofessional.Sally's has at least 2 products I use in the salon all the time and Sally's is the only place I can get those supplies.The pink hair Mohawk gal that helped me (in this store) was super helpful and showed me exactly what I was looking for.Also as a colorist, I am intrigued as to what are people putting on their hair if they are not going to a professional, and it helps to know when I do corrective color (I do a lot of corrective color) what is possibly on that head I need to correct.The pricing is reasonable, the advice not so much. I have been in several Sally's where some customer wants advice on hair color. I chew out the inside of my mouth to keep from adding to the confusion, and no I do not as a rule pass out my business card. You can have Fast, Cheap, or Easy. Pick 2. If you want it easy and fast it won't be cheap, call a professional. I don't try to do electrical or plumbing , I call a pro for that.All and all, Sally's has a great selection of hot tools, manicuring needs, and other odds and ends.
3	I've done some crazy things to my hair within the past 2 years. Sally's has always been my go to place. Whether it be for bleach or gloves, this is the place to get it all. While I no longer trust myself to do my own hair, I still needed to apply a honey brown dye to my washed out blonde highlights. The employee was there to help me pick up what I needed. Quick and fast. The store is small, just like every other Sally's I've been to. And depending on the day, the employees moods will change.P.S. They sell eye lash curling pads so you don't need to buy a whole new curler once the pads wear down!! I was looking everywhere for them and was happy to see that Sally's had them in stock.
1	Absolute horrible service. If you want to me misled and ripped off go here. Save yourself the frustration of their terrible customer service and go elsewhere.
4	Wow what a freindly place. First time there and Nick was so helpful. Will go back,thanks
