4	Herb is a Private Investigator and now has expanded his business into being a dealer now. Small shop but he can order anything you need. It's upstairs but they have an elevator handy and it's easy to find.
5	Scottsdale Guns is a relatively new gun shop in the strip mall just north of 90th Street and Via Linda.  Contrary to the other review posted for this place, it's not on the second story -- it's actually located in the same retail space as the spy shop.Their service is prompt, courteous, and knowledgeable -- everything you'd want in a small firearms shop like this.  I only used them as the destination for an FFL transfer, but they have a surprisingly good selection of pistols, rifles and accessories.  Craig (the guy that runs the place) used to work in the firearms department of a major sporting goods department store and is very well-informed when it comes to firearms and the FFL process.  This aptitude is demonstrated by his attention to detail and his easy-going nature.  Definitely looking forward to using them as my go-to firearms shop in the future.
1	Id avoid this place at all costs. Not a friendly work staff!
5	I knew nothing about guns coming in and wanted to get one for the house.  Craig was very knowledgeable and answered all of my questions.  I think I spent nearly an hour going over all of the different options and was never pressured into buying anything.  I'm very happy with my purchase and I'll definitely be a repeat customer!
3	I'd dropped in here several times to look for guns....their selection is pretty low and their prices are average.  There's a "spy shop" attached to it where you can buy gadgets and other gizmos related to that kind of stuff.  The staff is nice enough, but I probably won't make this place a regular stop unless they get more guns in stock.Return Factor - 30%
5	I have been a customer here for about 6 months now. My relationship here started with the purchase of a Sig P226. Had the best price in the valley but more important than that is the great customer service that went with it, even after the sale. I have brought in others and they too became happy customers. Just bought another Sig that had to be ordered and then shipped to NJ. Craig handled the entire process in AZ. Made the process simple which is a potential challenge when dealing with a NJ sale. They share space with The Spy Shop and I would not judge Scottsdale Guns with any dealings with the Spy Shop. Two different entities. This is now MY GUN STORE and I highly recommend them, you won't be sorry.
5	I so far have made only one transaction with Scottsdale Guns-So far...I will for sure be back!! Craig  took care of  my order.  It was just a couple of magazinesfor my SCAR 17 .308 rifle, but he did an excellent job of communications with email and telephone follow up work! could not ask for better service than this!  Thanks for the help, Craig,!  And I will deffinantly be buying from them in the future.
5	Craig P. at Scottsdale Guns was superb in his expert handling of a purchase I made. He arranged everything and shipped the firearm in one day. Nice job! DEM
5	I am greatly impressed by the attentiveness of Craig in ensuring that the firearm purchase was handled in a professional and polite manner. Needless to say, I will return for future acquisitions. You will not be disappointed.
5	Good service.  Craig was very helpful. I saved almost $200 on my Sig P 229 compared to local Gander Mt. Store.  I would recommend more photos and detailed description of the item on the Web site.  I.e. number and type of clips. The Sig worked perfectly right or of the box. Nice experience for my first online gun purchase. Mike B.
