4	Great 3-D show at the Planetarium--Marston Exploration Theater!!! Times: Wednesdays at 7:30 pm; Saturdays at 1 pm and 3:30 pmCost: Adults $7.50; Students $5.50My boyfriend and I came to check this planetarium out all the way from Los Angeles, CA! We caught the "Undiscovered Worlds" showing, and I must say, I compared it to the Griffith Observatory and thought this one was more enjoyable! Why? Well, first of all, we had a real-time, live narrator explaining everything in person and being able to manipulate the 3-D showing according to their narration and explanations. As a result, no two experiences will be the same.   Everything was explained in detail in words I would understand (me, being a not-so-science-savvy person). I stepped out the theater truly understanding how small and vulnerable Earth really is--our home sweet home. The ending of the show really made me feel quite emotional (don't really want to spoil it).Sadly, my boyfriend and I didn't have time to check out the rest of the Planetarium since we were behind in our schedule. We would love to come back and check out the other showing and the rest of the Planetarium though. :)
5	We went to see The 3D show "To the Edge of the Universe.". At first, it seemed a little strange. When we entered the planetarium, it was just like a movie theater, not what I expected from a planetarium. And it was a couple of young guys being generally silly handing out the 3D glasses. (They were totally different than any 3D glasses I had ever seen.)  Then Reid, the host of the show, introduced himself and Jacob, who would be controlling everything we see.  The show was absolutely amazing. That guy was so knowledgeable, yet talked to us in common terms. The effects were amazing, too.  It was fun a and I learned some things, too. The best $7.50 I spent on my visit to Phoenix.  The show lasted an hour and a half and was engaging, yet relaxing. Then, on the second floor of the building, there was a huge display of meteors from all around the world. Fascinating.  Definitely make this place a stop. But check the dates and times in advance.  The shows are very limited.
