1	This is located inside Christown Spectrum Mall. I was not impressed by the food or service.There aren't many eating options inside this particular mall. Around the mall are a Mandarin Buffet, Taco Bell/Pizza Hut and a Carl's JR. There is a McDonalds inside the Walmart near the mall. I was inside the mall and wanted a quick bite to eat. I had never eaten here and they had standard chinese food like eggrolls, rice, and more.I stood outside for a moment to read the menu since the place is so small. Upon entering, I was asked by a man what my order was and I ordered beef and broccoli and 3 egg rolls. The menu board said the beef and brocoli came with rice but the man asked me which size I wanted and held up two containers. I chose the bigger container. He quickly packed up my order and gave it to the girl at the register. I noticed that he only packed up the beef and broccoli and the egg rolls but before I could say anything, the girl at the register was asking for the money. She held her hand out and didn't even tell me the amount. The beef and broccoli with the rice costs about $6 and I was only charged $3. The man clearly got my order wrong but I don't see how. Before I could correct the order, the girl kind of shook her open palm at me, motioning for me to give her the money. I gave it to her, she gave me my change and kind of shoved the bag at me while saying "here" and walked off to the back. Unacceptable rudeness.The eggrolls were nasty and they MUST have gotten the rolls from the frozen section at the Walmart next door. The beef and broccoli was alright.With this experience, I will not be returning and I would not recommend this place. Go to the Costco food court near the JC Penney at the end of the mall and get a hot dog or pizza for much cheaper and better service. You don't need to be a Costco member to eat there.
1	OMG! This is the WORST "Chinese" food I have ever had! I tried the 2 item combo plate with sesame chicken and orange chicken. It came with lo-mein and a veggie egg roll. Both chicken items were OBVIOUSLY leftovers from another time. DISGUSTING. Egg roll was soggy and tasted weird and the lo-mein, which they called chow mien, but it wasn't, was barely warm and tasteless. Everything you touched inside the restaurant felt sticky and greasy. Took one bite of each item and there it all away.
1	Worst food, waste of money. Better off buying Panda Express
