5	The particular time that I went was Feb. 3rd at night and the two guys working were so nice! I'm sure most everyone who lives in Arizona has tried the ice cream at cold stone but I must say that this particular location has the nicest workers every time I go! & even when I bring my god daughters in, they let you sample anything you want and will help you choose the best creation for you.I usually only want to go to this location because of how nice they are. I've been to the one on ray & cooper which is right by my old house and they are always out of waffle cones, the cookie dough is hard and they just sit there doing nothing unless someone walks in so i never went that often.Now I will make my way to this location. If you want to take your ice cream home they are nice enough to put everything on the side of you if you ask, like chocolate or strawberry sauce.Super nice and energetic workers. They always get tips from me :)Like they always say friends don't let friends eat store bought ice cream!
2	I don't get the big deal.  The ice cream was mediocre. Nothing special at all.  And the "mix-ins", while nice, are again not a big deal.  And this stuff is expensive for being so mediocre.  On the plus side, the staff was very friendly.  If I have a coupon I might return to Cold Stone, but otherwise probably not.  I much prefer Frost gelato.  No contest.
3	Cold stone is a fun place. Mix & match what ever you want. A little pricey for ice cream but to have all the options helps outweigh the cost. I'm always looking at the glass as half full kinda guy.
2	The two stars is for the ice cream. It's never disappointed me. This specific location needs some sort of management reform. I'm standing in line right now and this is frustrating. It's a Friday night and there are only two workers moving at a snail's pace. The line is to the door and neither of them have a care in the world. There's something wrong with it all. I feel like someone should be here to encourage them to pick up the speed.I've worked at Cold Stone before and I know how things work. There's gotta be more than two employees on a Friday night. It's taking everything I have not to jump the counter and help out. This is ridiculous.
5	Cheerful staff always singing and carrying on. Great selection to choose from. Plenty of sugary treats to mix in. KK loves this place.
