4	This Starbucks is the ideal spot for grabbing a coffee on your way to your uptown office or for a business meeting outside the office. It's open surprisingly late - most non-bar establishments shut down once the banks do. So if you find yourself uptown late on a Friday or Saturday night and you're just looking for a place to chill, you can head there, grab a latte and people-watch until 11:30 pm.
3	This Starbucks is all about location. It has prime real estate in the literal center of Uptown Charlotte: about a block away from the Bank of America building, it gets an unbelievable amount of traffic. Surprisingly, the lines here are never as bas I expect them to be. Maybe it has something to do with the fact it always feels like there's 20 baristas on duty (no complaints from me). Things move in a quick, efficient manner, which is how you want most of the times you're swinging by to pick up an early-morning or afternoon cup of coffee. As for Starbucks, you know the drill, and this place is really no different.
2	wow, from chicago and this place is so slow that I will miss chicago's speed coffee..i ordered my drink on a saturday and the male barista was more concern about throwing garbage out and I was waiting for a good 15 minutes before some one noticed me...wow shame on you!
5	Matthew, Nate and the guys do an amazing job of connecting an caffeinating the community!!
5	I don't know how I haven't reviewed this place seeing I am there five times a week. This is my most favorite Starbucks location and crew-ever....and I've been to many 'Bucks in my day. I feel like Norm when I walk in b.c they all know my name and my drink however I like to get something different every now and then just to throw them of course b/c I'm sneaky sneaky like that. You get $.10 off if you bring in your own cup, free refills and syrups if you have a Starbucks card that you register online plus for every 15 drinks you get, you get a coupon in the mail for a free one. And not some free drip coffee--you can get ANYTHING! Hell yes I go venti quad shot white chocolate something something b/c I can and I've earned it. It's yuppie hell throughout the week days with a mix of loafers, bike messengers, cabbies, peeps get their free wifi on and more. Even though I've spent a few thou in this place in the past years, this Starbucks still has my heart.
4	This Starbucks location gets 4 stars based on the service I got on a Sunday morning.  The three girls working that morning were super friendly and helpful.  This was probably the best service I've had at any Starbucks.This isn't the best location if you want to sit and hang out or chat with a friend, especially when it's cold outside.  The seating is limited and early in the morning most of the seating is taken up by what appeared to be a large group of homeless men.  My friend and I found a table next to the front entrance and every time the front door opened large gusts of freezing cold air would sweep our napkins and empty cups across the table.The friendly attitudes, quick service, and tasty coffee were exactly what I needed after a rough night out.
3	While I wish Uptown would bring in more local coffee and tea shops, this Starbucks has a lock on the city due to its location and street facing facade. Like Stephen K, I won't bore you with my favorite drinks or snackies at the 'Bucks but here are the relevant nuggets of knowledge:1) This Starbucks is right across the street from the Bank of America building (cha-ching)...granted, within walking distance you can find a few other local spots to grab some brew, but folks usually see the big green sign and flock to the familiar.2) The baristas are friendly and fast3) While most people pick up after themselves, you'll probably find a dirty table or two since this place has so many visitors and a ton of foot traffic.4) You won't find any parking around here...but most folks in the Charlotte area know that already. This Starbucks is A-OK with me, but frankly, I've had better!
5	Ok, so it's Starbucks, you know it's good coffee already.  The impressive part of this location in my experience is the service.  I've been here several times, always quick, always efficient and always polite.  In addition to the coffee is that this is the only coffee bar in Charlotte that gives me the feel of coffee shops in NYC with the seating next to the glass wall for people watching.  The only thing that would better this would be a small area outside for patio seating but I think there's a mandate for how much space can be used in Charlotte for the sidewalks and there's probably not enough space to do it.  Bummer!If you work uptown and are in walking distance, take a break and stroll over for a mid morning pick me up or afternoon dose of caffeine.PS.  I'm jealous of those that work in the buildings close by, it's quite a little hike for me :(  (Oh, Caramel Mocchiato skinny and temp 150 for me:))
4	It is a pretty standard Starbucks and happens to be in the downstairs area of my building so it is always a reliable caffeine fix.They always get my order right and despite the high volume, never keep you waiting long.
3	It's a Starbucks like a lot of other Starbucks...that's the point of Starbucks.  It's not great, but it's not terrible (well, the coffee is), and it's reliable.  The hours are late (11:00pm) and there just aren't many other options around.  So if you're looking to sit in a cafe to get some work done then this Starbucks works slightly worse than most other Starbucks: free wifi, but few outlets, strange layout, heavy traffic, and occasionally long lines (because it's the only cafe in the area and there are things like plays and movies that flash flood them with customers).  The location is great, and the service was above average, but overall it's nothing special.  It's just a Starbucks, and not an especially good one.
2	This Starbucks is in a super spot, especially if you can snag one of the tables up against the glass. From this great perch, you can sit and watch the city of Charlotte walk by. Strongly recommended on a game day when the silver blue and black are practically a parade!Coffee is standard Starbucks - slightly overdone and slightly overpriced. There are also coolers of pastries and cold drinks.While they do have wi-fi, I did not spot any power outlets. The bathroom needed a tidy and restock, but I suppose that's normal for an urban location.
4	This Starbucks can be found seamlessly unified with the office buildings of downtown. On the Starbucks level they've got all the usual stuff so I don't feel the need to repeat myself in every review about all the Seattle-chain greatness I like to order here. The fact is it's overpriced coffee, tea and sweets when you're in a hurry and just looking to kick back.Which is where this place earns its fourth star by the skin of its coffee-blackened teeth. It's overrun with well-dressed middle-class office workers from Charlotte's namesake banking sector. You won't find low-class trashy folks or those annoying hipsters hanging around in here. BUT you do have to sit by and tune in to the boss's golf-related banter and see how everybody here knows eachother. Spiff architecture aside, this place is great for people-watching! Prop at a tall seat in front of the glass and gaze at the city going about its day while you sip away some hot tea and peruse the 'zines with lemon pound cake crumbs.Perhaps the most entertaining point about this Starbucks is watching the steady stream of office socialites J-walking Tryon Street with that "get-out-of-my-damn-way-now-I-need-CAFFEINE!" expression that could flip cars if they dared come near.
1	This is probably the worst starbucks ive been to in charlotte. Went on a Saturday, so I'm not even complaining about how busy it was. The guy at the cash register was new, I'm hoping, and was messing up all of the orders. I'm not begruding that, but his coworkers were obviously irritated with him and let that affect THEIR work. I had 2 venti Green Tea latte with soy. They put sooo much milk in the lattes and I'm pretty sure it was regular milk and not soy. I was too far away by the time I tried mine. Pissed is an understatement. In addition, someone said this place was pretty filthy. I agree. Won't be going there again.
3	A nice roomy store in downtown Charlotte. They had several tables and a window front seating bar overlooking the street. This was the only coffee shop open on Sunday morning in the downtown area. Several people seeing my cup as I was walking asked where the store was. The service was friendly and efficient.
1	I have to start this by saying, I love Starbucks and make the trek down the street almost daily for an afternoon latte. Until today I had no issues with this location however, by the time I walked down the street, I had to use the ladies room and was disgusted by what all I encountered. I have been in bathrooms at concerts and gas stations that were more sanitary. There was urine and feces all over the toilet, the toilet paper rolls were on the floor, the sink was clogged and filled with water, the floors were disgusting and clearly nobody has swept or mopped in there since the place opened. I can only imagine what the back areas look like...
3	This location barely gets three stars. Most of the time the employees here are not the friendliest and the last time I was served whole milk when I asked off non fat and the coffee was ruined when they served it to me in a busted cup and poured it into a new one. It lost all of its foam which I feel makes my coffee.
4	Great place to work and really good service!
3	Thank you for being open on a Saturday morning.  This has been an issue of mine when we come to Charlotte because we usually stay in the business section where everything is closed/doesn't open until 11. I can't wait that long for a coffee. That may sound obnoxious, but trust me, I'm doing my husband, and anyone around me a disservice if i don't have my early coffee fix. This Starbucks is smaller than most, but with a friendly staff and big selection, it gets the job done. I know right where to go now without having to troll the streets of Charlotte looking like Grumpy Cat.
5	Great service! Fast and friendly. Inside is always clean. The line moves quickly.  Went thru the drive thru with my dog and was offered a "puppacino" for the first time ever since my ongoing love affair with Starbucks in many years. I love the location and travel to this one in lieu of uptown disaster areas.
4	It's Starbucks, what more can you say?They're consistent with every other location I've been to, so they kept the status quo.
2	I am here today awaiting a service.   The bathroom is filthy and smells like urine.   Erin the manager/supervisor on duty was advised several times and did not seem to care.  Who operates a business and fails to keep up the public restroom?  How can patrons wash their hands?  Why is the other bathroom occupied as a supply closet?  Isn't this a safety violation of some sort?  Improvement is required.   I do not plsn to return.
1	Hands down slowest Starbucks I've ever frequented.  If you're in a hurry I'd recommend skipping.
