4	Never really like any types of chocolate fudge, because they're all too too sweet, but the dark chocolate has very good flavor. I tried the dark chocolate walnut cluster and the dark chocolate almond bark, they are both really really yummy, not too sweet or bitter, and got a smooth dark chocolate taste. If you love dark chocolate like I do, then you'll have to try this place.
4	We split a milk chocolate bar with smooth peanut butter inside.  We really enjoyed the smoothness of the peanut butter filling.  Luis commented that it tasted like a Snickers without the peanuts which for my generation would be a Mars bar:) Our cashier/clerk Antrez was very nice and professional.
5	I received a livingsocial coupon and I bought the regular (w/ peanuts), snickers, and reese cup carmel apples. THEY WERE DELICIOUS!! I definitely will be back.
3	It is okay.  I had never seen one of these stores before.   Certainly not the best chocolate ever.  I got a rasberry truffle...which I honestly like the ones from Godiva much better as well as a "bear" which is like a turtle with caamel and nuts and chocolate.  I wasn't overly impressed.  Infact the bear was kinda hard and hurt my teeth.  The lady working that evening was very friendly.  Oh and they have chocolate cereal too which they also sell at Target.
2	I am very unhappy with the service received today at your store.  An african american female representative was very rude and chatting on cell phone.  I asked about regular caramel apples and she stated they were unavailable.  I was trying to utilize a living social voucher purchase.  I then proceeded to purchase several other items.  My total came to $19.50 for $20 to spend.  The representative stated that I had to spend $20.  Therefore, I requested to forego the $.50 since the product I came for to was unavailable.  The representative stated the policy requires that I spend $20 even if your company does not have the product that the voucher calls for!  This is a idiotic policy and the manager was unavailable to be contacted.  The purpose of the voucher is to bring in customers and purchase items.  Now, I will no longer support your business because of the behavior exhibited by customer service.  I will also notify others of my experience.  I have been to your company many times and never had anything remotely like this before.
