5	Second time and couldn't be happier. They did a great hair cut on my long haired full size dachshund. She looks great.
5	We take our older cat there... she has been going for over 2 years and they are always nice to my kitty! Mike is my cat's usual groomer.. he is super nice, professional and very cute too :-). Highly recommend this place! Super nice peeps all the way around.
1	This business has horrible service. If you want anything done you better show up right when they open. Even if you just want a shower for your pooch. For example I showed up yesterday 15 minutes before closing and receptionist said groomers all left for the day which makes sense. I went today one hour before they close and receptionist tells me all the groomers left. Wtf!!!!! Really! Man f*cl this place.
5	Amber is the absolute best! She and the rest of the staff are very sweet and really care about animals. This is the only groomer I have ever taken my dogs too that my dogs actually seem to enjoy going to and aren't all flipped out when I pick them up.If you decide to try this place out be sure and ask for Amber. She is the best groomer ever!!!
1	Not happy....have a very amiable labradoodle...they took 4 hours and he came home looking like a poodle which I expressly didn't ask for and they sliced his nose....started bleeding again when we got home....I don't understand ....I'm not a professional but have groomed my dog most of his two and half years of life....without hurting him....the two times I was too tired to do it myself he was injured by a supposed professional....WTF!
1	DO NOT TAKE YOUR CAT HERE!!!  I had my cat shaved in a lion cut a few times here.  She is a very gentle cat and never has any problems here or anywhere else.  However, the last time they called me and said she was ready.  No mention of anything was wrong.  When I arrive they told me they don't know what happened but all of a sudden she couldn't stand and I should take her to the vet!  First, you should have told me on the phone so I didn't take my time getting there.  After taking her to the vet they told me the groomer had obviously yanked on her back leg and injured it.  The vet put her on medicine for the pain.  It was so sad to see her like this.  I had to physically hold her up while she went to the bathroom!  After a few weeks she has recovered, but I will never forgive myself or these groomers.  There is no excuse for this!!!
5	We decided to "live on the edge" and try this place even though the reviews weren't that great. I called and they were very accommodating over the phone. Had an appt for the next day! (Three other places were only free in another week!) when we got there, the lady at the front was super sweet! Got all of my information and even took extra time to ask about medical concerns and odd behaviors they would need to know about. After that, the groomer came out to meet me, talked to our dog and then asked how I liked her cut. When I picked her up, our dog was VERY happy and the cut is perfect!!! All in all-I say- the complaints on yelp are bogus! This place is great!
5	I've been going here for about 3 years.. My two dogs always come out looking fantastic and never more than 3 hours for both girls to be done.  They are reasonably priced and always accommodating to the time I want to come in.
