5	They serve Arbuckle's cofffee!!!  The pancakes, biscuits, and potatoes are top notch.
5	Its just a matter of time before this place is packed. Prices were great and no waiting on a Sunday Morning.  Had the two eggs, pancakes, sausage and bacon for $5.99. Going again next weekend and possibly for take out. John
3	Went to try it out yesterday morning.  The service was so-so.  It wasn't crowded, and it took awhile for me to be noticed (and I'm 6'2", 275!)The Arbuckle's coffee was great.  Ordered the #2.....2 eggs, 2 pancakes, 2 sausage patties and 2 strips of bacon for $5.99.  Everything was fine except the sausage which had a peculiar flavor....the bacon strips were thick and tasty, the eggs okay, and the cakes were very good with an interesting touch....instead of the normal one glob of butter on top of the two cakes, there was one on top and one between the two cakes (made for easy buttering of the bottom cake).  All in all worth another try (might have been just an off day for the sausage).  Wish it were closer to home!
4	After many attempts of having restaurants succeed on the corner of 16th and Campbell (people seem to think that the whole building is an autobody shop) I hope that Joe's works out.I went there for the first time on Saturday...just decided to walk over and try them out.  Had eggs, bacon, and one pancake.  Everything was made delicious...and I have to highly recommend the pancakes!  I came back on Sunday to just have them again!  The owner, Joe and his wife Joan (I had to make fun of that...good sports) are very personable and full of excitement for their new venture.  Joe has stories behind each one of his dishes.  It was endearing.The only thing that they have to work on is there service before you order and after. (During they are great!) It could take awhile for you to be noticed to be either seated or for you to order your food.  And getting your check? Make sure you ask for it during your meal.  You may just get it on time.
5	I'm not shitting you, this wasTHEEEE best breakfast I've ever had!The pancakes are OUT OF THIS WORLD and the coffee is great.I had the Eggs Benedict which was really good, due in most part to the really tasty ham. Unfortunately I did not order any pancakes but kept stealing bites from my girl's plate. Without question the best pancakes I've ever tasted.I can not wait to go back!
5	I haven't written a review in ages, but this place is SO GOOD that I'd be ashamed of myself if I didn't review it.I am the most hyberbolic person in the whole world in the history of time, but this time, when I say that it was the best pancakes I've ever had, I'm not kidding.  Just insanely delicious.  Scrambled eggs were also some of the best I've had (and come on, they're scrambled eggs, so you don't expect that much variety), and the breakfast potatoes were very good.  I couldn't pinpoint the seasoning, but it's different than you usually get.Coffee:  Yum.  I don't think I'd even heard of Arbuckle's, but apparently it's got a great reputation, and deservedly so.The owner Joe stopped by our table, and was super nice and genuine.  Service was just fine too.I'm sure Joe's will get a reputation and huge following soon, so believe the hype and check it out.
4	This place was a very random stop for us.  My husband wanted breakfast and I wanted lunch, so we decided to try Joe's on our friend's recommendation.  I was really surprised by what we found.Atmosphere.  If you've ever read a review from me, you know I'm all about the vibe.  This place cracked me up.  It's everything a diner should be, with an unexpected twist. There is a counter to belly-up to, red booths, basic decor, and for the twist, a window into a working mechanic's garage.  The only issue I may have is that where we sat (in the way back) it was a little dark and cold.  Overall, I liked the vibe.Food.  Everything on the menu seemed very basic.  Nothing hoity-toity; nothing that stood out as gourmet.  Ryan ordered pancakes, eggs, and sausage.  He said they were all really good.  Plus, they brought out a lot of syrup which thrilled him.  I ordered the cheeseburger.  It's a big burger by my standards - 8 oz.  They serve it with a brioche bun, which is the perfect burger accessory in my opinion.  I lathered it up with mayo and ketchup, stacked my tomato, pickle, and onion, and dug in.  The bun was the perfect amount of squishy and the meat was juicy and had a slight flavoring from the griddle.  The fries were thicker but not too thick, crispy,  and had a nice seasoning to them.   It was a standard all-American burger that wasn't the best burger I've ever had, but definitely a burger I would happily eat again.Service.  The service was great.  We had a few people bring us food, drinks, whatever.  They seem very eager to please without being overbearing.  Plus, Joe himself came over to say hi.  He's a very passionate man and clearly loves what he does.  I think it shows in his product.Price.  Cheap.  'Nough said.Overall.  Great place to go for hangover food, comfort food, or just quality food where everyone in the bunch can find something on the menu that they like.  Definitely check it out.
3	After checking out all the reviews on here, I decided to take my mom to Joe's.  I had passed by a few times and since Matt's would have taken to long, Joe's seemed like a perfect choice.  I like the look of the place.  It feels like an old-timey diner and there is something so right about that.  The service was great.  My mom even had to turn the server away for extra coffee.  The menu was basic with a few interesting selections.  I went for the chorizo scramble with potatoes and a biscuit.  I liked the scramble well enough, but it didn't dazzle me.  The potatoes were seasoned well, but half were hard and half were crispy and soft inside.  The biscuit was average.  That being said, the prices were super reasonable.  Solid breakfast, but not the best the valley has to offer.
5	As far as breakfast is concerned, this place deserves 5 stars! Joe's Diner is a classic diner through and through. The decor is made up of old gas station signage and shiny diner furniture...it has a great feel to it.I ordered the number 2 which is basically like a sampler (think Denny's grand slam). It had bacon, sausage, eggs and a couple of pancakes to round it all off. It was everything I hoped it would be, the bacon was thick and cooked perfectly, and the pancakes, though not very fluffed up, had a perfect classic pancake flavor. All of that for about what Denny's charges at $6. I also got to try some of a bacon and american cheese omelette, along with a homemade biscuit with chorizo sausage gravy! Oh, yeah.... chorizo sausage gravy! If you like sausage gravy, give the chorizo gravy a try. It isn't on the menu so make sure to ask for it specifically.I'm already anticipating the next time I can dine at Joe's. I had a fantastic experience, and I really hope this place gets busy as hell! And, one last thing...not only was the food and service more than I expected, but Joe himself came to my table and shook my hand. He's a really cool guy that definitely takes a lot of pride in his diner.
5	This has got to be, hands down, THE BEST BREAKFAST PLACE IN TOWN!!!!!Seriously!I love breakfast. Who doesn't?  I ordered Joes Favorite (#2)The pancakes are deliciously perfect. They are crisp, slightly salty (perhaps from buttermilk?), with a nice dollop of butter on top. The bacon is perfection on a plate. Perfectly crisp, thick cut, great flavor. The sausage is flavorful and nicely seared on each side. The scrambled eggs were perfectly cooked, not dry, not runny...just perfect. The first time we went we ordered a side of the breakfast potatoes and a biscuit just to try. The potatoes were perfectly seasoned, and even had a hint of rosemary. The biscuit was good, the jams that came out were yummy, strawberry and possibly black or boysenberry?The second time we ordered the breakfast potatoes and french fries. The french fries are perfectly seasoned and crisp. The breakfast potatoes were missing the rosemary this time around. The coffee is as good as everyone says it is. Definitely give this place a try, I guarantee you will crave those pancakes!!!
4	Pretty darn good breakfast.  Reasonably priced - generous portions, a notch above the fray.  The service was also very attentive, our coffee never saw empty.As everyone has already attested, the pancakes here are prolific.  Crispy bits that could only be created on a really hot griddle, fried with what I imagine to be some deliciously heart clogging fat - like bacon grease or Crisco (unconfirmed).  The corn beef hash was also excellent.I'd bring a friend.
4	Awesome Breakfast!  I am sure their other offerings are just as tasty here.  There was plently of parking plus it is very inviting and spacious inside.  There are not lines events though the food is worthy of mass enjoyment. But don't tell that Triple D dude...his appearance ruins the best kept secrets.Stopping in around 9am on New Year's Day I grabbed a seat at the counter.  All my typical breakfast favorites were on the menu.  My decision wasn't easy.  Ordering a cup of their house coffee, I later read this is a local AZ coffee, Arbuckles. Torn between the corned beef hash and Joe's Favorite #1, I decided on the #1, add sausage.  Now the #1 already came with one egg, a biscuit with sausage gravy and a ham slice but I wanted sausage too.  Damn gluttony and my protein craving.  The breakfast rocked!   The gravy on the biscuit was so damn tasty and my over easy egg was perfectly over easy!  In the middle of my meal out comes Joe with a tray of little bowls of black eyed peas over rice, to provid everyone in the restaurant a little good luck for the New Year.  Quite a tasty little treat.  The service was quick and friendly.  I may live within walking distance of a VERY popular breakfast spot but I can see myself driving to Joe's and taking my visiting friends and family with me.
4	Food was good, priced right.The service was great, my water nor coffee never touched bottom.The ham steak was massive and the biscuits and gravy could be heart attack inducing (that's a good thing).A nice little place, well actually not so little, there is a larger back room I didn't really get into with a window that looks into the hot rod joint next door. Nothing really more to add about the pseudo 50's style interior."Good grub" is what I told the man at the counter as I finished paying and was heading out. That pretty much sums it up.Good grub.
4	Very nice people running the place.  That goes a long way.The food was very tasty.  I had the pork chop with two sunny side up eggs and the home fries and wheat toast.It's definitely above average.  I'd say better than most but a step below Matt's and Over Easy.The place is all "50's upped" and pipes in Sirius 50's music.  Nice little decor setup, and it was clean.Will definitely eat there again.
4	I've been here a couple of times for breakfast.  Both times I got a short stack and two scrambled eggs.  What can I say?  That's how I roll.  The food was good.  I think the pancakes at Gallo Blanco are superior, as is the waffle at Matt's.  But still, good pancakes.  The eggs were light and fluffy.  The coffee and the iced tea were both really tasty.  The service was super-friendly and yet low-key.  There is ample parking, and the interior couldn't be cuter.  It's big and roomy; it would be great for a large group.  They usually have some sort of sporting event playing on big TV in the back, so I sit up front in order to be able to read undisturbed.
5	Finally an official "go to" diner for breakfast in Phoenix, without all of the added hype wait times and over~inflated~self~indulging hoopla that some of the "more famous" breakfast places have had from being featured on TV's food network!  Joe's Diner is the real deal, cooking tasty homemade breakfast the way it should be.First thing I noticed is this place is ten times the size of the other two "more famous" breakfast diners with plenty of room to move around with little wait times even when they are busy. It's easy in and easy out! Second thing I noticed was the service. It was fantastic and memorable! In fact it was THE BEST service we've experienced in any diner throughout all of Phoenix.  Even Joe gets involved cleaning tables, meeting his customers, shaking hands and asking for feedback on what he can do better to make your dining experience even better.  Dolores G mention he brought out some black eyed peas during her visit for good luck in the New Year. During our visit Joe brought out some samples of his candied toffee that was not on the menu for us to sample. It was toffee deliciousness that I've never experienced before. This owner is FANTASTIC with his customers!The third and final thing I noticed was their food tasted exceptional. Everything was cooked and seasoned very well. We ordered almost a sample of everything from pancakes with eggs, bacon and has browns to corn beef hash with eggs on top with a side of biscuits and gravy. We also had their Sunday special of eggs Benedict with a side of sausage.  Everything was awesome. Their homemade pancakes were light and had just enough flavor without being too doughy. Their scratch biscuits and gravy were "the bomb"! You can eat just the biscuit by it's self, it has that much flavor. Their sausage was exceptional with the right amount of spices and fat ratio. Their coffee was very smooth and tasty. They use Arbuckles, made in Tucson. We bought a bag to bring home!My only criticism was even though their corn beef hash and bacon tasted very good they weren't homemade at their diner, for everything else was.  Joe thanked me for my feedback and stated he has been working on making these in house with some trial and error. This is why this place deserves a 5 star rating, hand down. Joe and his staff will make your visit enjoyable, appetite fulfilling and well worth your time and money. I've been to the other two so called "more famous" breakfast diners many times and I have never met theirs owners nor have received service even close to this. Look out Phoenix and those two so called "more famous" diners!!  Joe's Diner will win you over as they have with me.  I'm looking forward to my next visit to try something Joe has either on or off his menu!
5	Joes pancakes beat Matts big breakfast pancakes in a tough competition, check it out..http://blogs.phoenixnewtimes.com/bella/2011/01/joes_pancakes_threaten_to_flat.php
4	I'm not really a big breakfast kind of guy. I'm more the type that eats his lunch for breakfast, then another lunch for lunch. A few times a year I get the desire, dare I say the NEED to eat a nice big breakfast. Sunday was just such a day. I chose Joe's. Joe's opened the same week that I moved to Phoenix. I've driven by it almost every day since the opening, yet this was my first time dining there. Parking was easy thanks to the big lot. My parents and I were promptly seated in a giant booth in the back. The atmosphere was super comfortable, with a very clean diner/car shop feel to it. The menu is a throwback to the good ole' days of diner foods. The breakfast menu is every basic desire you could have. The lunch menu has some very tantalizing options too, but I was here for the breakfast. #2 was ordered by all, with scrambled eggs. They should rename the #2 'perfection,' serving up sausage, bacon, eggs and pancakes. The folks got coffee, a blend from Tucson. I'm not typically a coffee drinker, but this coffee is the kind that I'd really enjoy black. Next time! Thanks to our friendly and efficient server the food was promptly delivered to the table. The eggs were well cooked and the bacon was perfectly crisped. The sausage was delicious, though I prefer it cooked just a wee bit more. And then there were the pancakes. Others here have nailed it in regards to the pancakes. They rock! These thin, crispy Frisbees of delight are packed with flavor. I loved nearly every bite. Sadly, the last bite defeated me. Having a great place like this within minutes from my home is both a blessing and a curse. Needless to say, I'll be coming back frequently. One last thing to note: If you've eaten at Joe's you've met Joe. He's constantly out busing tables and chatting up the customers. He takes great pride in what he's doing and really seems to care. In a brief conversation Joe summed up the three things he thought his restaurant needed improvement on, and what he was doing to resolve them. This place deserves to succeed. Be a sport and support Joe!
2	A simple review. Based on two breakfast experiences at Joe's.Pros: - The pancakes were very good. - Croissant egg sandwich was also quite good. Same for the bacon.Cons: - Home fried potatoes are so salty, they're inedible. No excuse for this.- I waited about 20 minutes for a two egg plate with potatoes and toast. The food was fine but the problem was when I received the meal, everything on the plate was luke warm which meant it sat for a while before being brought to me. Not good.Which brings me too...- Service and vibe are just plain weird. When you walk in, there's no sign to seat yourself or a hostess to seat you. Are you supposed to read their minds and figure it out yourself? Joe's really doesn't seem to get the customer service thing that professional restaurant owners understand. They seem to have no sense of their customers when they walk in. Both times, I did not feel welcome there by the staff or that my business was appreciated in any way or that they cared if I came back or not. I wouldn't describe the staff there as surly. Just indifferent. To me, Joe's Diner comes across as a business not run by experienced or successful restaurant owners.Conclusion: I see no overwhelming reason to return. I sooner stand in line for an hour at Matt's than to walk right in and seat myself at Joe's.
4	A first breakfast review ... Joe's is a great place to start. Joe's is a diner in the full classical sense: 50s period furnishings, a simple menu, and good coffee. The place was busy, which is good to see. I was greeted and promptly seated by who I later found to be the owner, Joe. I give HUGE plus points when an owner actively manages and WORKS on the floor of his or her business. Customers seem to be from a wide cross section of the community.On to the food quality portion of the review. Breakfast food quality reviews tend to be the most blunt for me because there is not a lot of room for error. Many dishes simply involve frying or grilling, and more complex diner breakfast dishes are still relatively simple. The standard for breakfast is : simple dishes require perfect execution. Joe's rose to the challenge. It performed very well. I ordered the #2 : 2 eggs, 2 bacon, 2 sausage and 2 pancakes. I tend to order eggs scrambled soft. I like them that way, and find it a good way to test the capabilities of the cook. Unlike most places, my eggs were scrambled soft, as ordered, and, they don't use liquid eggs. Bravo! The bacon, was crisp, but not crunchy (a very subtle but important distinction). Ths sausage patties look to be hand formed, and a nice light brown shade (not the dark brown that we're accustomed to). Now, the pancakes. They were awesome. Soft, fluffy, simple, and NOT PERFECTLY ROUND (it's a good thing). All the food looked to be hand crafted and not Sysco Pancake #12345 and Sausage Patty #23456. Execution was not completely perfect, but very good. The coffee was delicious and just the right accompaniment to breakfast. Service was good, but a bit slow. There is a good excuse. After all, it was a busy Saturday morning. Other than that, service was attentive, my coffee cup was always full, and the check was handled quickly and efficiently. All in all, a good example of simple, diner cuisine. GRADESOverall: A-Food Quality:  A-        Excellent preparation of the eggs, bacon and sausage. Pancakes were very good, but didn't quite rise to the level of excellent. Service:  B+    Yes, it was a Saturday and there were a lot of people, but service could have been a bit faster. There was a decent size wait for both my order to be taken and for food to come out. A minor defect in an otherwise great experience. Beverage: N/A -  Drinking at 10:00 AM? No, ... I may like my booze, but 10:00 AM is way too early. Oh, and Joe's does not serve any alcohol. Discretionary Points: The fact that the owner was there, working in his business was really inspiring to see. Nice to meet you Joe. Also the ambiance and furniture, is very 1950's diner, very nicely done! And before someone complains - why not five stars? Well, I reserve the "Five Star" designation for restaurants that earn an overall of a "high-A" or an "A+" on my grading scale.
2	The location is close and does have that take you back in time diner type feel, but lacks in service. The owner himself is very personable, however, my waitress was less than remotely friendly... To me at least. I walked in and was not greeted, looked at, or spoken to for 5 minutes when the place was maybe 1/4 full. My food was plopped in front of me, the waitress didn't even look in my direction, say a word, or bat an eyelash when I thanked her for the clanking of the dishes as they hit the table. The owner himself at least asked how my food was and smiled mid meal. However, my server after I was obviously finished just quickly placed the check on my table and left. No eye contact, no thank you, no acknowledgment that I am a human being. The food was okay... Luke warm when it arrived in front of me. While the portions are decent, there are other places who have provided much better service with similar, if not better quality food. My eggs were slightly undercooked and potatoes under seasoned. While the cuisine may being you initially to a restaurant, the service is what will keep customers coming back. Who knows... Maybe she was having a bad day, but to not even make eye contact is rather offensive. Funniest thing about it is that she was eager to help other patrons, just not me. Two stars for the owner's effort and mediocre food. I wish I had experienced the same as the other reviewers here. I am rather disappointed.
4	I found this place on Yelp and we decided to give it a try, given they were just down the street from us.  I'm not really a breakfast person, and if the place doesn't have waffles, you definitely won't find me there (sorry 5th Ave Diner).  Since our first visit, we've taken a few friends there on different occasions so they can "eat at Joe's."  Everyone has liked their food so far, though none of us are really a fan of the potatoes.The food is decent, but they tend to forget to give us our toast (3 out of 4 times).  The wandering waiters and waitresses are great at attempting to refill your coffee cup, even if it has a teabag in it :)  Joe even comes around and talks to people.On another note, when I'm in a hurry, I'll stop in and grab a cinnamon bun to-go.  They aren't overly sweet like most cinnamon buns are, so it's easy to take it all in.We'll be heading here for breakfast everytime chance we get!
4	01/20/11It doesn't take much to talk me into trying a new breakfast joint... I've a list of restaurants that were bookmarked YEARS ago, and I've yet to step into those places to order my first meals there, and yet, I read a couple of enthusiastic yelp reviews about Joe's Diner, and I'm there w/in a week or less, savoring for myself forkfuls of those delicious pancakes I read about, but there I go, getting ahead of myself...Delighted in finding ample parking (I think I arrived around 1030a or so), I walked into Joe's Diner pleasantly surprised to find a cozy 50s-, 60s-style diner.  Yes, yes, I read all about the atmosphere here, and I was still a little disconcerted, coming in from the open-air parking lot, but pleasantly so.  I liked some of the memorabilia, but I don't know what to make of the outdoor decor-- roofed and cemented empty garage w/ the parked truck?  Seems like wasted space to me- perhaps this is where the weekend overflow goes...  I initially was directed to the more-crowded room at the back of the diner, but it was much darker in there, and I wanted light (!), so I asked if I could have a booth in the more-spacious front.  "Sure," the hostess said, w/out blinking an eye, and I was already off to a great start.Couldn't decide what to have, so I decided to order the items that appealed most-- biscuits and gravy, pancakes w/ a side of fresh strawberry compote, and Thursday's lunch special of lasagna.  Ordered a cup of deliciously strong Arbuckles coffee, too.  The sausage and biscuits came out relatively fast-- good to note if you're really hungry and you want something quick! http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/53jjJCXpXSRaHfu_ZJePRA?select=LkEf3z8DxtMVZbRY-2E9tA#LkEf3z8DxtMVZbRY-2E9tA  I didn't care much for the biscuits, though.  Found them to be too tender.  (I like my biscuits to buckle, not crumble, a bit when I dig in w/ my fork.)  I'd requested the regular sausage to be substituted w/ chorizo, and the gravy was nicely done.  Too bad about the biscuits...  I next tried the lasagna... http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/53jjJCXpXSRaHfu_ZJePRA?select=CB1MtmdiQS9wvpePLAUcBw#CB1MtmdiQS9wvpePLAUcBw  Wow!  I really enjoyed the bites I had sampled.  The pasta was al dente- tender, yet had a nice bite to it; the filling was well-seasoned, yet not too salty-- meat was chunky, and the ricotta portion was generous; and the garlic bread that accompanied the entree was warm, perfectly crusty, and deliciously buttered.  I wouldn't mind returning back on a Thursday to have this dish again.  Last, but certainly not least, the pancakes!!  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/53jjJCXpXSRaHfu_ZJePRA?select=cD_SaPRv1RkiWivD6qBQBw#cD_SaPRv1RkiWivD6qBQBw  Portion seemed small- there wasn't much of a rise, so I mistakenly thought the platter was of a short stack, but the server asked me to lift all cakes to see for myself.  Yep!  I counted three.  These cakes tasted amazing, and all they needed were a tiny bit of butter and simple toppings of macerated strawberries (I had to ask for a second serving of fruit).  Now, I wouldn't mind returning any day of the week to have a stack of these carb-delights!Cool retro decor; warm and friendly service, a bit relaxed in pace; and two out of three knock-out entrees on the first try put Joe's Diner on my list to visit again soon!  I'd take out-of-town guests here in a heartbeat!
2	If my service wasn't so horrible, I would probably give them 3 stars. The ambiance/theme is cute, though there's an opportunity to cheese it up even more and integrate it in more areas. I had a Monte Cristo, which was OK and a bite of my breakfast companion's pancakes, which were good. It took forever to get acknowledged once seated and our bill literally never came, we wound up walking up front and asking to close out.
2	Always love to find a new locally owned breakfast joint... sorry to say Joe's was a big disappointment. The service is horrible, even though the owner does come out and talk to folks (found him to not be the best front man, as he was a bit annoying) Waited to be acknowledged, get a menu, get coffee... had to ask for my toast twice and it didn't show up until the rest of my breakfast was gone. The owner came over and bragged himself up, which made it even more painful to see what he considers good simple home cooking. I had the Chirizo omelet.. when it came out I couldn't even tell it was an omelet!! Looked like a scrambled mess, and cold, as were the potatoes. They were just potatoes with season salt. The toast was the only warm thing, which showed up last! My husband had the two eggs, bacon (nothing special) sausage patties, and short stake. He said the taste of the pancakes was ok, but the were flat. All and all, I just don't know why more breakfast places can't follow a few simple rules: don't have 100 items on the menu, maybe just 10.. but make them out of the best ingredients and make them good. Have good coffee... even with all the bragging and little memo card about the coffee here, it was mediocre at best. And have good service. Sorry Joe, it's a no go for me.
5	This place was awesome...the food was delicious! To top it off the service was great....everyone was so welcoming and kind. The food was served quickly...I definitely suggest you try the pancakes and the breakfast bowl...amazing!
4	Great food!The pastrami sandwich was oh-so-yummy!  I got it with a side of sweet potato chips...YUM!  My wife got the Croissant Breakfast and loved it.  I ate part of hers too...it was sooooo good.  Will go back there for sure!
4	Joe's seems to really have taken off.  Went here for brunch last week after I rode 13 miles on my bike.  The parking lot was full, and we had to improvise by parking in the center of the lot.  Joe's may want to consider restriping the lot (they have plenty of room for more spaces in the center; parking now is on the periphery only).  There was about a 10-minute wait, and they were in the process of training a hostess.  A friend and I split the waffle and eggs/bacon/potatoes/biscuit.  All was delicious, and I was ravenous.  The only bump came when we tried to pay our bill with a couple of different credit cards.  This seemed to fluster the waitress, who had been brisk and professional until that point.  Had to wait longer for coffee refills than I like, too.  Another friend got the veggie omelet, which looked teriffic.  Oh, and they have a bike rack outside.  Always a plus for me.
5	This is my weekend Brunch spot! One word... PANCAKES!!!!
5	A wonderful little diner run by people I've known for years.  The sweetest most genuine people you will ever meet.  Joe knows good food and his restaurant speaks for itself :)  Try the biscuits and gravy or the #2!
2	So after reading some other reviews it looks like this place is total hit and miss. My experience was a total miss! My Financee and I went from Sunday brunch and was suprised at how dark it is inside. I guess when I think diner I think bright and clean. There was a waitress shuffling around that looked like she wanted to cut a bithc and one that was hussling for the whole crew. My financee got eggs benedict and while the sauce was good everything else was awful and I could only eat 3 bites of my chorizo omelet it was so greasy. I am tempted to say I will come back and try something else but frankly, they had their on chance to impress me (and I would have loved to add a cool new neighborhood joint to my list of faves) but they failed. I am out.
4	Great place for breakfast.  But as good as the food is, and it's terrific, the wait staff and owners make you feel right at home.  Super service.  Bright, clean, large 50's-style diner.  Lots of regulars.  The customers know the staff and the staff definitely knows their customers.
4	Weekend mornings I'm all about being a complete lazy bear, sleeping in then get up just long enough to lie back down on the couch. Only a few have the power to lure me out of bed and one of those is the promise of a big satisfying breakfast. Of course not by my own hand but by someone elses because lets face it, I'm that lazy on the weekends.So when I decided to cover the much buzzed about Joe's Diner it was sheer excitement that got me out of bed. You know a plate full of perfectly cooked eggs and bacon paired lovingly with cups of hot coffee and glasses of fresh squeezed orange juice are true motivators.As we saunter in we're welcomed by an upbeat good morning and sat pretty much immediately. Located in what used to be a classic car shop, husband and wife team Joan and Joe Seriale transport you back in time with 1950's nostalgia complete with glitter flecked seating and old tin billboards and neon signs. There's a flurry of waitresses and I kept waiting for Flo to appear with her huge red nest of hair but she never showed up.Concerning breakfast there's always that one nagging question, should I go savory or sweet? I say do both starting out with one of Joe's homemade Cinnamon Rolls ($2.59). The large yeasty bun arrived laying in its own caramelized brown sugar and cinnamon pool, complete with an oozing topping of cream cheese frosting. I nearly stabbed my partner with my fork after he took the best part, the tender loved filled center. When I eat a cinnamon roll I like take my sweet time, licking and nibbling on the outside, making sure I don't miss an inch of that roll. Then once I get to the center I'm gratefully rewarded with a mouthful of gooey pleasure.The Number Two ($6.49) is the more versatile choice when it comes to the sweet and savory dilemma. You get two eggs, your way, two sausage patties, two bacon strips and a short stack of fluffy pancakes. This plate has your bases covered with the addition of thick ropes of maple syrup which the pancakes gladly guzzle down. For an alternative try the strawberry jam in lieu of the syrup, some rules were meant to be broken.Joe's Homemade Biscuits & Gravy ($2.99) gets you a plate full of light-as-air biscuits grounded by a layer of sausage gravy. The gravy had a faint sweetness that was a surprise hit at our table.If you're having a rough morning from one-to-many last night, try this remedy, Joe's Breakfast Burrito ($6.59). Stuffed tight into a soft flour tortilla are three scrambled eggs, chorizo, potatoes, and cheddar cheese served with a sides of sour cream and salsa. Or try the Breakfast Bowl ($7.59) which gets you scrambled eggs with ham, bacon and cheddar cheese served over home style potatoes. Both were filling and satisfying, the only thing was a couch afterwards to nap on.I foresee Joe's Diner getting me out of bed many more times in the near future, especially after dreaming about cinnamon rolls.
5	Wow, came here yesterday for breakfast since I was in the area and the place is cool.  It is a very good sized location and I thought the window to the business next door was very cool from the inside.  It is very 50's looking diner with a good size parking lot and the service was great also.  My waiter recommended trying the pancakes so I did and they were phenomenal.  I ordered the number 2 which comes with bacon, sausage, eggs, & pancakes.... the plate was just to much to finish but I had to eat all the pancakes because they were so darn good.  This place has a nice atmosphere and you feel very comfortable reading the newspaper and having a quiet breakfast.  I cant believe that the place has not been open for a year yet either.
4	OMG get the chorizo omelet!!! The place is cutely decorated and the service is super friendly, though a little slow. I am a booth girl, so I was happy to see that most of the seating up front was booths. I don't like tables and hate chairs.When I see biscuits and gravy on a menu, I am already in love. Also, they don't have it on the menu, but try the chorizo gravy on your biscuits. We only knew about it because Joe himself came to our table. In face, he visited a lot of patrons while we were there.The potatoes weren't anything fancy, but man oh man, that omelet was amazing. I am still thinking about it!
5	I brought the family here on a Saturday for a nice breakfast and was pleasantly surprised at how wonderful the food was. I had just a basic breakfast of eggs, sausage, and potatoes. All was cooked perfectly and I really enjoyed their potatoes, they were very tasty & reminded me of my own yummy potatoes. I also got a side order of the biscuits & chorizo gravy to split with my son & husband. OOH MY ....it was perfect, this is a must try. The chorizo gravy is not on the menu, you have to ask for it. My son had the burger and it came out HUGE, according to him, it was all that a diner burger should be. The husband had the chorizo scramble w/potatoes and a side of french toast, and again, all yummy.I really enjoyed the diner atmosphere and noticed while sitting there that there were a lot of regulars, I even noticed that people could bring in their own coffee cup and keep it there...love that kinda place!! The service was great! We were well taken care of from start to finish. I will definitely be back and suggest you check it out too.Oh...almost forgot. This place is VERY affordable. For example, the side of biscuits and gravy was $2.99, and my breakfast was $6.99.
4	Drove by; never stopped until about 2 months ago...A huge fan now!!!  The biscuits & gravy, the pancakes, the muffalata sandwich; yum, yum, yum...Will definately be back on a regular basis...
4	Solid brreakfast and lunch place where they don't thumb their nose at you and the price won't break the bank.  Biscuits and gravy are tasty.  Coffee so good you want a second cup.
3	Man oh Man....don't know what is up with it, but is seems to be going down a slippery slope fast...everything is slipping, from service to food...   :(   :(   :(
4	YUMMY! this place is a classic diner, and i love it. good service, comfort food, and at a great price. i cant wait to go back. :)
5	I know a good pancake when I try one since pancakes are one of my favorite foods to eat. This is the one food item I can eat for dinner and be happy. Well Joes Diner which is only open for breakfast and lunch has been added to one of my top pancake places to eat. The nifty 50's diner fresh food appeal makes 5 & Diner look bad. Joe's diner not only makes fresh quality tasting pancakes this place has some of the best pricing in town. To top it off best customer service I have seen at any breakfast joint in a while. I did not expect my $2.99 short stack to taste as good as it did. My mouth is watering as I type this that is how good Joe's pancakes are. Intrigued by the pricing I also ordered breakfast potatoes, bacon, and some orange juice. Everything was just grrrrrreeeeaaaat! I had been driving by this place for months now and finally had an opportunity to try the food. I am glad I stopped in because I will be a regular.
1	Ah, there's nothing worse than crushing disappointment on a Sunday morning.  Well, maybe I'm being a wee bit melodramatic, but when I'm famished I tend to get cranky.  Joe's Diner is a hop skip and a jump away from our house and I've been driving past it for months thinking "hmm... wonder if that place is any good" .  So this morning, in what I thought at the time to be a flash of brilliance, I looked up Joe's Diner on Yelp (which very rarely leads me astray) and to my delight this neighborhood establishment had a 4 star average.  Not too shabby, and certainly worth a shot, right?! WRONG.  We walked in and it was busy (expected on a Sunday morning) and we were quoted a 10-15 minute wait. Fair enough.  But it was absolutely swelteringly hot and humid inside (swamp cooler maybe?!) and smelled funny (raw eggs left out?).  Still, we waited-- there had to be a good reason this place got 4 stars.  As promised, in about 12 minutes, the hostess lead us to the back seating area, but not to a table, and then just left us there standing, bewildered.  A few minutes later, another employee saw us there looking lost and hastily wiped off a nearby table and told us we could sit down.  Once seated, we were surrounded by tables of screaming children (not the establishment's fault by any means, but definitely did not improve our experience).  As we sat for 15 minutes, without so much as a glance from any of the servers, we soaked in the sweaty, stinky, dirty (did I mention the floors were filthy?), loud atmosphere.  It appeared there was no hope of acknowledgement by a server, much less a glass of water or a desperately needed cup of coffee, so we threw in the towel.  We stood up and walked out, defeated, hungry, non-caffinated, sweaty and disappointed, again without so much as a glance from any of the staff.  I want to believe that this was just an unusually bad day, maybe because it was a busy Sunday, maybe because the stars weren't aligned, who knows... and that Joe's Diner really does deserve it's 4 stars.  I'd love to have a decent (if not awesome) locally owned breakfast establishment nearby, but I don't know if Joe's is that place.  Will we be back to give it another go?  Maybe, only if we're feeling optimistic,  patient, cool, and pre-cafinated.
3	Unfortunately, my breakfast here was disappointing due to such terrible service. Our waitress forgot to put our food order in and we ended up waiting 45 min. for out food!! When we finally got it, it was very good though. We might try it again.
5	Best pancakes in town!!!
4	I went to a fund raising event for Claude Mattox this morning at Joe's I had never been there before.  The food was great atmosphere great.  Thanks Joe for hosting the event.Deb Anderson
4	Went here for a Saturday Smunch.  They were packed but the service was still great.  As things slowed down about noon the owner came out and made the rounds of his guests.  I had the chicken fried steak, scrambled eggs, potatoes, skipped the toast and added a short stack of pancakes.  Way too much food for me but it was all good, very seldom do I get pancakes that are not doughy and overly filling (including my own kitchen), I really liked these.
3	Had the delicious chorizo biscuits & gravy...still yummy! However....I asked for 2 eggs over easy with my order and did not receive them with my meal. The server apologized and said she would have them right out. A few moments later I receive a small plate with 2 eggs that were already leaking yolk from the underside ....decided to overlook it, but on my first bite I realized the entire underside of the eggs were raw. I just would have hoped that either the cook OR the server would have looked at what they were serving me and saw that it was not right. Also, the belgian waffle that my husband and daughter shared tasted like a frozen waffle and it was served with the whipped cream and a very very watery bowl of strawberries on the side, not appetizing at all. The breakfast burrito here is very tasty, but not very big, and comes with nothing else for $7...not the best deal on the menu, that's for sure. I will go back for the biscuits & gravy and might try some other menu items that I have heard others talk about. I still consider this a good place and most items are priced low.
4	so I've been here 3 times now.First time a friend brought me as she knew one of the staff.Fabulous service and great food for a reasonable price.Second time,pretty much the same.Third time,great service,food was good.Was dining with 3 companions and they managed to get all our orders slightly wrong even though confirming them at the outset.One companion ended up with another dish all together.All the food was good,we were all hungry and posession is 9/10 of the law.Good thing I didn't have my heart totally set on what I ordered or I might be disappointed.I'll certainly be back for another mystery breakfast.
3	2/3 stars the service was very good my wife had the eggs bene which she really like it came w/ a side of fruit.......no potatoes she also asked for eggs poached soft the wait gal said THATS THE WAY THEY ALWAYS COME......NOT i had the corn beef hash some yelper said it was great .....hey my friend its out of a can ..it was ok  came with 3 eggs  and a bisquit w chorizo gravy suprising enough it was bland. GREAT eclectic crowd including 3 of phx's finest ....all set in a 50's diner setting .zzzzzzzzzzzzz sorry joes probley wont be back ....
3	I think we caught the waiting staff on an off day. They didn't seem very organized and were slow to assist. But they were friendly.The food is ok and that is it. If you looking for the greatest breakfast joint in the world this is not it.  If you want decent food at a good price without flare then this is a good place to try. The biscuits were really good as well as the coffee. I didn't care for the was they mixed the sausage into my eggs though. The owner came out to greet people and explained how he trys to buy all of his product locally which is always good to know. I won't go out of my way to come back but I will if I'm in the area.  I do recommend giving them a try.
5	Joe's Diner is a hidden local gem.  Everything is made there - on a recent visit I had breakfast there.  The pancakes rock!  The eggs were cooked perfectly and served with some very tasty bacon.Service is prompt and friendly.  Great locally owned place for Lunch or breakfast
4	Took "the Fam"  and grandkids( Yes, Jeannie has grandkids) to Joe's for breakfast.  Not only did we leave without a huge dent in my wallet, we all left pleasantly stuffed!  If you like bacon, order like 5 sides of it.  You won't want to share this pig perfection! Thumbs up were given by all....French toast, breakfast burrito, pancakes, and cinnamon buns were all gobbled down.  My son and I ordered the biscuits and gravy.  We both devoured them like Evil Skeksis! The biscuits are super soft and they have the gravy just right. I would go there and just eat that each time...for 2.99!!!!  It was more than enough food too.Check it out!
4	Have driven past this little diner for the longest time, and finally my friend convinced me to try it for breakfast. She had the vegetarian omelet and I had the chorizo omelet. Both were very tasty and the potatoes that come with it are cooked to perfection and very well seasoned. I substituted my toast for a pancake and was happy I did. The pancakes are delicious!!! You must try their pancakes if you're going to stop by. My friend got the toast which was a lot of bread!! They have certain jelly that is like no other, gotta have that with your toast. Overall, this is a great place to get a quick bite to eat and enjoy some good ol' fashion diner food.
5	Great diner!! Had eggs, ham, biscuits & gravy for $7.29. I could only eat half :)  It was great! I'm not a home-style potato fan (luv hash browns) but they were ok. Eggs were big, ham was hearty not fatty. Biscuits & gravy were great!! Coffee was awesome too. The waitress was wonderful and smiles :-D  We will be back.
4	Forget Starbucks, they have the best coffee here. As a European it's clear that they don't know how to make coffee in America, until you get to Joe's diner. They have the story behind their coffee on their menu. The servers think apparently so too, as one brought me a cup and 5 seconds later another offered me a refill when I hadn't started yet. And she asked me if I was sure.The pastrami sandwich was good. Not excellent, have had better.If I could come in just for a fix of coffee I would be very happy.
5	The pancakes are the best that I have eaten in Phoenix.  Also it is one of our favorites in our area of town for breakfast.  The owner, Joe, stopped by our table to greet us and is almost always there to make sure everything is perfect.  It is a great local and family owned business.  We also thought the coffee was great for a breakfast place.
4	So driving along 16th Street going north towards camelback, it's interesting that I've passed by Joes countless of times not realizing it's a diner. ho hum, you learn something new everyday especially in Phoenix. lol. Anywho, went to breakfast with my friend Sara V. and was lucky to get a parking spot. We went there at around 10, and were seated promptly, I'm guessing this place is not the best spot for groups larger than 4 since most of the diner is made up of booths, didn't see many free standing tables. So the menu isn't large, it has its basics, omelettes, sandwiches, pancakes, a few combo generics like pork loin and eggs, chicken fried steak and eggs, corn beef hash and so forth. I got myself the chicken fried steak with eggs (over medium) and a short stack of pancakes. Also, got an apple juice and I should have asked if it was the actual juice and not the cider, it was the cider and altho it's not my fave, i drank it. The service wasn't slow at all, the staff was busy yet friendly, we even had Joe in his chef pants (I didn't know they were chef pants until Sara V. told me they were, I thought the pattern and fabric looked weird) ask how we were. *nice touch* It's great that Joe connects with his customers. =) (okay that's a star!)Anyways the food came, and the chicken fried steak was alright not the best, and yes, I've had better, and the potatoes with the plate were alright but for two stars alone are the pancakes. YUMMMMMMMMMMM! they're crispy, and so freaking good with the butter and syrup... delish! I'll come back to Joes for the pancakes coz that's where the money's at. Overall good service - a star, delicious pancakes - two stars and Joe connecting with his customers, another star = 4 stars. Chances of me coming back, soon I hope, I'm craving a stack! extra butter please! =)
5	Do not get any sides for breakfast unless you wanna eat it later their portion sizes are amazing and I always make this mistake everything I tried so far is great even the steak! People are very nice and some place I always think about going to in the morning
4	Go there. Straight-up diner food at good prices served with a smile in a comfortable and spacious area. The coffee is the real stuff, not the office coffee that's starting to creep back into most places. The proprietor is also the real deal: Meet him and you will decide that what America really needs is an army of entrepreneurs like Joe.
5	Love, love, love Joe's Diner.  The service is great and the food is addicting.  Love the biscuits and gravy, and the pancakes are exceptional.  The staff is delightful.  This is a regular weekend stop for us.
5	If you want a fantastic breakfast with great food and friendly service you must eat here. The chorizo omelette was to die for. The biscuits and gravy are great, as are the pancakes. Everything is made from scratch  with local ingredients. Make sure you try the organic strawberry jam. Joe is very attentive and friendly. Intend to go back often.
5	This place was really terrific! Went for the first time this morning with a friend & we both thought it was probably the best diner experience you can have in this town. The country potatoes were the best I've had in a restaurant--not greasy with great flavor. Good quality bacon and the coffee is really something to talk about too! They give you a choice of cheese for your omelet--I thought that was pretty uptown for a diner! :-) The owner says he tries to source as much locally as he can which is also nice---support your local Farm Bureau! Speaking of the owner(s) they were there working their tails off greeting, serving & generally chatting up everyone. Super nice people! I couldn't be more impressed with the food, service, or overall experience.This is now on my very short list of favorite places to eat.
5	This place was clean, the service was wonderful and the food (we were there for lunch) was fantastic! The portions are large and the sweet potato chips were light and crispy.5 stars!!
2	Service is friendly, pancakes are great.I had the veggie omelet, and it was alright, really nothing special.  It does come with home fries cooked in bacon, which would have been nice to know.  I only found out because I notice the bacon in my home fries.  Small menu, not a lot of choices, only one lunch vegetarian option.  I probably won't be back, but I wouldn't avoid the place.
5	This place was great! The two lady's that helped us where extremely helpful and fast. She gave me extra whipped cream =) and the food was excellent too! Lastly the old movie style feel really set a great mood would totally recommend this place to anyone =)
5	Joe is the man. I went here with my buddy one time and he came right over to the table to talk to us both-- about the business his life and ...oh yes I almost forgot. pancake batter. Yum yum yum. Joe's pancakes are legitimate. I come from NE so I am pretty picky about my pancakes -- these were great and also they came with eggs bacon all the good stuff solid Americans love. Great diner with a chill classic feel (its connected to a garage-- that you can even look into!).
4	Great little place, good food, super-friendly service!
5	Biscuits made from scratch, not frozen.Homemade pancakes with real buttermilk, not from a mix or box.Homemade blueberry jam, no jar or can.True diner coffee.A group of friendly, engaging staff.Five stars..... Need I say more.
3	My bf and I wanted to try something new for breakfast one morning and decided to give Joe's Diner a try.  The inside is pretty cool, it is like an old style diner.  The people are super nice and seated us right away.The menu is pretty basic but everything comes with your choice of biscuit or toast.  I ordered the scrambled eggs with chorizo and it was just ok.  The flavor was decent but nothing really to write home about.  I always try chorizo at non-mexican food places and I am almost always disappointed!  I also never got my biscuit which I was really wanting to try.I may go back there just for the atmosphere and the nice people but it isnt one of my favorite breakfast spots!
4	We went for a Saturday morning breakfast, and it was packed.  We didint have to wait for a table, and the service was very fast and friendly.  A lot of kids in the place so it was very loud. I ordered the chorizo omelet. It was fantastic! It came with old country potatoes, and biscuits with gravy. The biscuits stole the show.  I usually don't drink OJ, but i  am glad I ordered some because it was fresh squeezed, and fantastic! Not the crap you drink at ihop. Overall it was great breakfast food.  Good place to go if you can handle the noise factor.
3	I needed a place to eat breakfast while my stuff was en route from NC -- Joe's Diner is nearby so decided to give it a try.  The place was packed, so I snagged a spot at the bar. The breakfast burrito looked good, and it was -- huge too. More than enough for one person.  It came with a side of salsa and sour cream. The sour cream helped to cool it down in your mouth, and, well, there isn't much I won't eat sour cream on anyway. The coffee was just okay -- a bit too strong in my opinion. They make homemade pies for the holidays for you -- too bad I'm watching calories or one of those would be mighty tempting! I'm sure I'll come here again -- it isn't someplace I'll find myself dying to go every weekend though. Cons:--Parking (lack thereof)
2	I went by myself to have some french toast and a cup of coffee.  I ordered a couple of eggs on the side and never got them.  I ordered ONE sausage patty and got two; both were not very flavorful.  The french toast was nothing to write home about; the coffee was so-so.  The people there were really nice and they adjusted my bill with no fuss.  I doubt I'll go back to Joe's.
4	I met M for breakfast on a Sunday morning.  The parking lot was FULL!  I was lucky that someone was backing out, so I did not have to circle the lot or park in on a side street.  M was there already, got a table and ordered me an OJ.  =)The server was nice to give me a few mins to review the menu before she came back.  I ordered the Croissant Breakfast (two scrambled eggs with cheddar with sausage on a butter croissant).  And I had to order the French Toast too.  I love French Toast!!!  The eggs were a little too runny for me but other than that it was good.  The French Toast was pretty darn good too.  The service was friendly and quick.
4	The food is good quality. The atmosphere is nice. The owner and his wife work hard to make you feel welcome.Skip the chorizo gravy, everything else is a solid B.
5	I recently moved in across the street from Joe's, and have been walking over every Saturday morning. I get the border omelet and potatoes everytime, so I can't speak for anything else on the menu, but it's good for what it is. Joe usually stops by the tables and talks to everyone which I really like. The guy knows how to run a business. Coffee is good too.
4	Been here once before. Great traditional breakfast/lunch diner. The pancakes are fantastic, the service is friendly, and the prices are reasonable.
5	Best diner in the valley!  Best of all, its privately owned!Food here is great!  Biscuits and Gravy mmmmmmm yummy!  Food is fresh and delicious!  Will be going back here over and over again!
4	Sometimes I just want an omelet.  And sometimes it is at lunch time during the middle of the week when the only options to fulfill this craving would be going to Denny's or IHOP.  Lucky for me my office is near Joe's Diner and they serve breakfast all day!I convinced one of my co-worker's to join me for a mid-week brunch and off we went to Joe's.  If you blink, you might miss it, and even then you might think you are at the wrong place because it looks like a car repair shop.  But inside is a quintessential 50's style diner complete with black and white checkered floors!We got there a bit before noon and there were only 2 other tables with people, but that soon changed and the place started to fill up.  We both ordered omelets with potatoes and I got a single pancake on the side.My omelet was delicious, fluffy and filled with ham, peppers, cheese, green chilies and tomatoes with a side of sour cream...and it was huge!  The side of potatoes were delicious, I am normally a hashbrown girl, but these cubed potatoes were seasoned so well that they went perfect with the eggs.The pancake was one of the best pancakes I have ever had, it was a bit crisp around the edges and when covered in syrup it was melt in your mouth good!The servers are very pleasant and attentive and the food comes out quick.  I would think that on the weekend this place gets pretty packed....so I am glad that I can get my omelet fix here during the week with no wait!
4	"Best diner in Phoenix"That's what my husband said as we left our brunch at Joe's today.  We love our diners when we actually decide to go to them.  We got pretty spoiled when we lived in San Francisco, frequenting the Mel's Drive In on Geary which was within walking distance of our apartment.  We can't walk to Joe's (though we could bicycle) but it certainly hits the spot.We've been eyeing it for quite some time.  We live in the Coronado and drive past it often.  Always with a full parking lot, we say to each other "we really need to try that place".  We've seen the reviews here on yelp... and yet again we repeat it.Today we went.  In 30 minutes we'd been seated, fed, paid, the whole shebang.  Joe came by the table and hi.  We both got the Number Two with pancakes.  Yum.  My husband was thrilled with his poached eggs.  I was just happy to have pancakes for the first time in months.  It was busy but not too busy.  We were seated right away (just after 12pm on a Sunday).Next time I really want to try the biscuits & gravy.  We'll also be taking my parents here when they come into town to visit.  The price is right and the food is good.Yum.
5	Great food! Great prices! Mmmm!
1	Sometimes you just feel like getting up, grabbing a hat and going out to breakfast.   Meh.  I can make better eggs at home.  Scrambled eggs were dry.  Potatoes way too salty (could have used some onion).  Sausage was just OK.  $2 for two slices of toast.  I should have saved my $ and went to McDonalds.  I'm just saying ... This place didn't do it for me.  The place had lots of "regulars" in there ... older guys stopping in for their "regular dose of Joe's".  Ho hum.  I doubt if I will ever return.  So it's back in the saddle again heading to Matt's Big Breakfast.  When I want breakfast again, Matt, you're my man.
4	The service is very good except the coffee was a little slow to get refilled. Give them the benefit of the doubt, they may have had to make a new pot, and they were busy. Ordered the Hash with 3 eggs, it comes with biscuits and gravy. This is the gravy I've been looking for, many places can't seem to get it right. The decor was 1960's diner, booths and pictures of Marilyn, even a jukebox, but it didn't seem to be working. The coffee was Arbuckle's Ariosa, the coffee that won the West, very good. I'm tracking it down to get some for home. Roasted in Tucson.
4	Great diner.  Huge portions.  Good service.  The biscuits and gravy is actually good as per yelp recommended.  A little hard to find if you're driving by and not paying attention.  The bill came out to $38 for 4 people.  Not going to lie...the patrons here are a little on the heftier side....
4	This place is awesome, but they left me in a food coma. I asked for an extra slice of bread instead of their breakfast potatoes, but they gave me them anyway and a pancake. And toast. And my omelet. I used their jam (I assume homemade?) on the pancake with some butter and I was in business. The omelet was okay, but didn't hit my spot like the pancake did so maybe that was a good thing. Also, I don't normally like hash browns or potatoes in the morning, but those breakfast potatoes were GOOD. Orange juice was great and they were friendly, so I was happy. I'd go to this place over a Denny's any day.
5	I live across the street from this place and which I had gone when I first moved in.  I've been several times now and would like to consider myself a "regular"  I can come and and see Amanda and she knows exactly what I want.  THE CHORIZO BISCUITS AND GRAVY.  That stuff is amazing.  My last time there, the owner sat down with us and talked to us about how to make the gravy.  He clearly knows his food and loves what he does.  Kind of a random location, but def worth stopping in.
4	Always busy - which is a good sign!  Sometimes means you wait for service, but breakfast is always good.  Great pancakes, coffee is locally roasted and decent, and the owners are always around.  Good neighborhood diner.  Great for kids - they love it here.
4	Yum. Seriously yum. I still kind of feel guilty about this massive breakfast I ate, but... I'll get over it. The pancakes are the star. As many people have pointed out. They're fluffy and have great flavor, and they're dripping with butter. Heaven. I had a plate with two pancakes, two sausage patties, two strips of thick and delicious bacon and two eggs over easy. Ridiculous. Joe himself even came around to see how things were. One star off for the kind of runny, undercooked eggs. Here's a solution to that problem, skip the stupid eggs next time and stick to what's good... Pancakes.
4	A great local find. The breakfast buritto is big and very tasty. The server was very friendly. A throwback to the old diners. It is worth a try.
5	Great local place.  Great for a fast breakfast/lunch or a relaxing one.  The pancakes are stellar.  They're even better than Original Pancake House.  Seriously.  They're made from scratch and always perfect.  Very good prices for perfect portions.
5	Was treated to this little diner on a trip to Phoenix and was amazed! Great diner food and priced just right.
4	Great place! Joe and Joan are about as friendly as you can get and the 50's decor is a sweet and charming way to start the day. Delicious, friendly, and the coffee is mmmmmm gooood!
5	Had to check it out...  Let me say, Joe's pancakes were wonderful.  They took me back many years to my favorites.  They're not the thick fluffy pancakes my wife loves.  These are thin and they are simply wonderful!
4	Okay, I guess I'm a regular; but my favorite sandwich in Phoenix.  Beef on a Weck!!! Saw this sandwich on Diners, Drive-Ins & Dives; after I had this sandwich at Joe's...Don't know what the sandwich is like in Buffalo; but I love this sandwich!!!
4	What can't be faulted: Food and coffee are terrific. Especially the coffee. Also, I have been seated very quickly at each visit. The servers are delightfully cheerful and Joe himself comes out to speak to each table directly. It's a high-quality, old-school diner experience and well-worth the minimal price.What is a bit of an annoyance: By applying all of that personalized service, the speed of the service suffers when they are even a bit busy. I don't believe Joe has enough help behind the line, and it's probably further hurt by his zeal for customer interaction. And it seems that maybe order turnaround time might be slowed by the apparent lack of any  computerized order management/POS system. When get your check you're supposed to pay your server, but if she's not around and you go to the front desk (because you need to get on with things), you won't find a dedicated cashier. Just a hostess. Who is very nice and cheerful.It could be that this is how long service took back in the day, and I have been spoiled (with the other members in my party) by the super-speedy almost-flawless delivery of cold, corporate places like Chili's, Denny's, Applebee's, and other places who have teams of industrial engineers and MBA's to hone their model. In that case I fault myself.  I barely remember how things were back in 1978 or whenever.I remain a fan and will return, but will need to keep in mind that Joe's requires more of a time investment than do other places.
4	Found out that he tries to use local Arizona products; but one thing I am now a huge fan; is the homemade jams.  The biscuit with the homemade jam, my new craving!!!
5	Went here based on the yelp reviews.. It was not disappointing. I had the biscuits and gravy (chorizo gravy) and my boyfriend had the chicken fried steak. We got there so early we even got to eat breakfast with Joe (the owner).. I recommend!!
5	I've been wanting to try this place for awhile and we finally did last weekend. We will definitely be back soon!I got eggs cooked over-medium, potatoes, bacon and toast. All was delish and their coffee was great too. My fiance got pancakes along with some other things and they tasted good too!A great place to go when you want a diner atmosphere. The place is pretty big too, so if there's a wait, you probably won't have to wait long.Oh and the service was spot on!
4	In the middle of the worst recession in 80 years, Joe and his wife Joanne ventured to open their cafe, taking on the chains in a fight for diners.  Opening the door to this nondescript exterior north and east of Indian School Road, you walk onto the clean, black and white checker-boarded floor of a nostalgia-styled restaurant with a variety of vintage signs throughout the place.  There's also a garage full of pretty nice performance cars visible through the interior windows.  I had only coffee and a fresh-baked cinnamon roll.  The cinnamon roll was big, soft, covered with the required icing.  Very good.  The coffee was also very good, inspired by Arbuckle's Coffee of the ranching and farming west.  With this minimal order, my coffee cup was kept full, the milk//half & half arrived in a small stainless steel pitcher.  I drank endlessly from the bottomless caffeine fount and caught up on the morning news delivered from the large flat panel near the back.  We'll be back for breakfast or lunch.    In the tradition of his two generations of ancestors owning Arizona businesses in  rural locations, Joe will come by if he's got time, visit and little, and see how you're doing.  He's also open to suggestions of how they can improve product and service.
5	I have gone back four times now. Pastrami - the very best I have ever had. Meatloaf - very good but not superior (I would order it again though). Tuna salad - very good. A burger - exceptional. But you really have to get the apple pie with a slice of cheese. Real apples with some crunch and a pile of them. The crust is not just pushed up by steam it is full of apples. Coffee? I grew up ranching and yes that is ranch coffee. So it is now a regular for me and I really like the friendly contact of the owner and his wife. I like that I can sit in there until 3:00 pm and work. The WiFi is seamless and the music is not so loud you can't think. This is a family diner and it harkens back to when people spoke to each other. I love it.
4	I was looking for a good diner to eat at and this place hit the spot. Tried the biscuits 'n gravy everyone on yelp talked about. They did not disappoint. They where fluffy, warm and covered with chorizo gravy. Delicious! A great deal at $2.99!! They also have a special everyday. I went on a Sunday, so it was Eggs Benedict with home fries for $8.99. They where also great.  I placed my order and it was out and on my table in a flash. The only down side was the price of a large orange juice, $3.99! A bit steep for orange juice even if it was fresh squeezed. Not even sure it was. That won't stop me from going back. I left there full and satisfied. Over all it was a great meal.
3	We have gone to this cool local diner three times already and each time have had a very good experience. The staff, servers, hostess, and cooks are all very friendly. The food is excellent as well. We're definitley happy to have a place like this so close to home, for those Sat AM breakfasts. I recommend the meatloaf entree as well as the muffaletta sandwich..
5	We had just landed in Phoenix to start our vacay and were starving for breakfast. Luckily Joe's Diner was open - lucky for us! It is nice and cozy inside - seating and a bar area to add to the diner appeal. The food was made to order and came out pretty quickly (though we were so hungry it couldn't come quick enough!)! Hubs ordered the breakfast burrito - it was the biggest, thickest burrito I've ever seen - and we are from Texas where burritos reign supreme! I ordered eggs and a waffle - both were perfect. The service was with a smile and the owner, Joe, even came over and chatted with us for about 10 minutes about family and how he ended up running a diner. The ambiance can't be beat and the food is great too! We didn't get to try the pancakes on this trip, but next time we will have to for sure! This will definitely become a permanent stop for us every time we are in Phoenix :)
5	Love this place!  I'm surprised I haven't reviewed it yet.  The service is friendly, the place is cute and comfortable and the food is delicious!  I usually get their pancakes which are really good and my boyfriend alternates between the chorizo omlette and the corned beef hash both are yummy!!  Joe often comes out from the kitchen and chats with the customers when he's able.  Anyway, I highly recommend this place!
5	I'm not a breakfast person. It takes a lot to get my lazy ass out of bed so breakfast never was my thing. Joe's is one of those dining experiences that is an exception to that rule. The bacon and sausage are hearty, they know how to poach an egg and their coffee is great-really a rarity for a breakfast and lunch place.Everyone who works there is friendly and cheerful and the owner himself asked how my meal was.This is another place that I would encourage all Yelpers to go patronize because they serve up great food with a smile and a lot of heart and are more than worthy of our hard earned dollars. Definitely worth getting out of bed early for.
4	Always love an honest to god good diner!  Nothing fancy here.  But the food is yummy.  Try the biscuits and gravy.  MMMMMMM.  And the service was friendly and competent.  We will be back for more!
4	The Chorizo gravy can be habit forming.
4	Excellent service, very good food.  A real gem.
4	went here with matty for some french toast. it was reasonably priced and super yummy. one thing though, was that i wanted a side of ham, instead of bacon or whatever, that ham was almost four bucks! it wasnt listed on the menu as an a la carte item but i wanted it with my french toast and eggs anyway and i was totally shocked! their juice is also expensive- around 4 bucks a glass, but it taste so good(like they squezzed or pressed it there) that i was satisfied. its not very kid friendly because its pretty loudand seating is tables and booths. was super busy when we went but it was totally worth it, we wanted to try matts big breakfast, but saw a review for here and went here and skipped the two hour wait and we are glad we did! definitely check it out. just dont bring your babies,theres not a kids menu and the hustle bustle is a little over stimulating, our five year old would have not eaten a bite !
4	I love this place, its had a 1950's feel to it, but the food is fantastic.  I always go for the Monte Christo Sandwich, its the Saturday special, but you can get it any time, if you ask for it.  The portion sizes are very good.  They have different daily specials every day.  And if you work around the area, you can call your order and pick it up.  I took my husband for his birthday yesterday for the first time, hes a fan now too, and I am sure we will be going back there again soon.
2	I really liked Joe's; the food and service was always good. But one bad experience has me wondering if I will ever return. The problem I had was with the service. We walked in on a weekday around 11, the place was pretty packed and there was only one server on the floor. We grabbed a table and waited about 10 minutes before she came over with water. We told her were ready to order, to which she replied "I am really busy and have other people who need to order ahead of you." In my 16 years as a chef, I have never heard a server say that. She didn't even offer to bring us coffee or anything. If anyone from Joe's is reading this, here's a little crash course in restaurant 101...if a customer says they're ready to order, TAKE THEIR DAMN ORDER! Anyway, we ended up walking out. Guess we'll be eating exclusively at Matt's Big Breakfast from now on.
5	Very good breakfast food, great prices too on biscuits and gravy, pancakes, french toast. Yum! We come every year we are in Phoenix.
5	What a fabulous dining experience! My boyfriend and I are always looking for new places to try and came upon this place on Yelp when our regular Saturday spot decided to no longer be opened for lunch Saturdays. Right upon entering we were greeted by someone behind the register and he sat us down at a booth. The decor was great and the place was spotless. We ordered the Saturday special of Monte Cristo, the potatoes and the biscuits and gravy among other items. The Monte Cristo was perfection and the home made blueberry and strawberry jam was excellent! The potatoes were seasoned to perfection and eggs cooked perfectly. I would definitely recommend this place to anyone and this is now going to be our regular weekend breakfast/brunch place.
4	My husband and I came here after hiking Camelback Mountain. We were hungry and wanted some hearty diner food and totally found it in Joe's.Two eggs poached for me. Perfect, especially for $0.99. My husband had the corned beef hash covered in two fried eggs with a side of chorizo gravy and biscuts. The hash was as he puts it so well: "Tastes like it's out of a can, just like I like it." The eggs were cooked well. The only negative was the biscuit. Like good southerners, we're a little picky and it was a little doughy for our taste. But the chorizo gravy is a must. Delicious, and I know my gravy.The service is friendly, quick, and attentive. We'd definitely come back next time we're in the area.
5	Been to Joe's twice now and I certainly plan to return.  The chorizo biscuits and gravy is addictive.  The diner feel is authentic and service is excellent. It is clear that Joe and his wife are in the right field as they have truly created something special.  I want to try something else on the wonderful breakfast menu but cant get past the biscuits and gravy, the chorizo is unique and delicious.  Looking forward to hitting them up for lunch.
4	Lunchtime! Great little place for the deli type of food.
4	Finally found a great traditional breakfast spot close to home. The wife and I hit Joe's Diner this morning and we both loved it. I had the corn beef hash with eggs over medium, biscuits n gravy, and potatoes and it was probably the best breakfast I've had since the Hash House a Go Go, San Diego. Excellent food and a great value. Can't wait to try their lunch options. Staff was very cheerful and friendly as well...
4	Always friendly and have yet to be disappointed in their breakfast. Have tried almost everything on breakfast menu...great!!
1	Oh Phoenix you did it again.  How can you screw up breakfast?  Cold eggs congealing on a plate?  Yes!  Raw, yet greasy potatoes that taste like chorizo? Yes!  Cold limp bacon? Yes!  Possibly the worst breakfast I have ever had in my life.  If you want a bad breakfast, I would recommend 5 and diner, for a truly horrific experience I would go Joe's Diner all the way.
5	Love this place! The food is great at a great price. We were surprised on our first visit when the owner Joe came and introduced himself. Then our car battery died and he came out not only jumped our car but took the time to pour baking soda on the wires. Thanks for the great warm service.
3	The location is central, good parking, and internal ambiance is very nice and friendly.  All waitstaff were very helpful, pleasant, and happy to be there.  Very crowded on a Sunday morning, so get there early to avoid the rush.  Food is what you would expect from a diner--prepared by the kitchen, but does not taste like it is home-made.  Maybe "home prepared" from food-service supplier ingredients?  Pancakes and Belgian waffles are really good.  Potatoes are great.  CFS was more of a breaded, seasoned hamburger patty than anything.
4	You can eat breakfast for breakfast. You can eat breakfast for lunch. You can eat breakfast in between and call it brunch. Regardless of when you eat it, I would suggest you eat it at Joe's diner!Based on my recent meal here I would rate this somewhere closer to a 4.5 and tipping toward solid red stars. We arrived around one and received a very friendly greeting. I thought at the time it had been a long time since I received a genuinely warm hello simply upon entering. There was only one table occupied and in front of the gentleman was quite a fastastic looking array of food.My friend and I both had more difficulty limiting our choices, than finding something that sounded off limits. Literally we probably could have closed our eyes and pointed and been happy.BFF ordered one of the combo plates that came with eggs, biscuits and gravy, and a ginormous peice of grilled ham. I opted for the hash topped with fried eggs and my very own B&G. We both were wanted the full carb experience, as we are gearing up for a restrictive diet, so we opted to split a single cake at the very wise suggestion of the hostess/server/friendly hello giver/joe's wife. As the food arrives we dig in and all conversation ceases... well unless you count the intermittent "mmmm" and "ahhhh". Each item was better than the last. The hash was standard diner fare, but it was grilled until it was toasty brown, which set it apart. The eggs were prepared perfectly as defined by their handy menu guide alerting customers to their standards (soft wiggly vs. done with a slightly soft center). The B&Gs were uber good. The gravy is chock full of flavor, without being overly so and the biscuit held up to its liquid mate, which meant you could actually eat it without it becoming a gummy mess.  But the pancake. Oh the pancake. It was the star of the meal. It was fluffy and moist, topped with a beautiful blob of butter that actually was enough to cover the massive cake.As others came in, it became very clear that coming to Joe's is like coming home for many people. Faces and names were recognized. Hugs were doled out, etc. Maybe someday I will be able to make it over to the lunch side of the menu, but for now Joe's Diner is moving in the to regular rotation for breakfast. For it's comfortable vibe, friendly family owned environment, and off the chart diner food - you will love it too!
5	This place is not much to look at, at ALL!In fact, it has windows that look directly into a tow/auto repair shop... so that is weird but interesting.And if you're thinking that you can compare it to a hole in the wall breakfast joint with some up and coming chef that's slumming it in a breakfast joint, you will be sorely disappointed.It's a diner.A DINER.That doesn't say Fancy, Urban, Fusion or any other random word in front of it... just DINER... owned by some guy named Joe.So as long as you're expecting diner style food, then you'll be ecstatic because the food here (well, the food I had) is delicious!I had the biscuits and gravy, because it's a staple in diner food, but with Chorizo and Ooooohhhhhh my gosh it was rich and delicious!!! I also had the coffee, and it was alright. Not amazing, just alright. But that's expected at a diner.And I ate some of a cinnamon roll that was freakin' om nom nomz in my mouth.I would go here over Denny's, IHOP or any of those other chains because they suck. A lot.This place does not suck.So, come to your own conclusion.
3	Got the daily special (Eggs Benedict) with a coffee. Nothing special but service was fast and friendly and it was a clean place. We sat at the window looking into the garage with the creepy stereotypical Native which was odd.
5	Can't say enough good things about this place...from the service, to the atmosphere, to the food, everything was EXCELLENT!! Visiting the area from Ohio, and so glad we stopped here!! LOVED IT!!
4	Friendly people and inexpensive good breakfast food
5	Followed Nader's advice and tried the #2, but I got it with the potatoes instead of the pancakes. It was awesome! Excellent quality and flavor cooked to perfection. Service was quick and friendly. I saw lots of other things I want to go back and try,like the pancakes and the biscuits and gravy. This is going to be one of my favorite breakfast places!
4	Great little hidden diner right on 16th st. Monte Cristo's are on point. The muffalata is good (would be better with authentic bread, not a hoagie). Nice staff. Old school feel. Great prices. I'll be back for sure.
4	There are a lot of things to like about Joe's.The food is fresh and tasty.Prices are quite reasonable.The coffee ROCKS!The diner/greasy spoon vibe is comfortable.The servers are fast, friendly and competent.And I can walk there from my house!Now - if I could just get a better appreciation for breakfast. (Haven't tried the lunches yet...)
5	Huge pancakes, crispy and chewy toast, and the breakfast bowl is amazing. I love the atmosphere and the staff are super friendly.
4	Ordered the number two with two eggs over easy, home fries, and sausage & bacon..brother ordered chicken salad sandwich on wheat with fries...both menu items were delicious after a long flight in. The place was packed on this late morning on Saturday...the waiter was very energetic and friendly, checking up on us more than once especially about the coffee. Great place for a quick breakfast/lunch at a very affordable price.
4	I used to go to 5 & Diner up the street from Joe's Diner before I heard about this place all the time. But now that I know this place is here, I would much rather come here to support a mom-and-pop shop that serves basically the same food.I've only ever eaten breakfast at this place, but every time I do it's never disappointing. I ate here a few days ago with my wife and her family that came into town. I had the Denver omelette which was a little over-cooked, but was still good. The last time I came here, I had the pancakes which were seriously very good. But because I'm trying to cut flour out of my diet, I didn't have them this time. Instead, I looked longingly at my wife's cousin's piece that went largely uneaten. (He's a kiddo). The service was quick and our server was friendly and helpful. I think this place needs a huge sign to show that they're here, because if you're not looking for it, you could easily pass it. It's also right next to some motorcycle shop. The outside is really nothing to look at, but once you're inside, you'll know you're in a diner. It's a little dark inside, but that's okay. The red booths are reminiscent of the 5 & Diner up the street. The only drawback to this place is the hours of business. It's open 7am-3pm. Diners need to be open 24/7! If they polished up the exterior and made their presence known, they'd probably have more people in too. The last few times I've been, there weren't too many people. Good find though!
1	Tried it for the first time this morning and will never go back. The potatoes were to peppery and the bacon didn't even taste like bacon. My husband and I both got sick. The manager scolded one of his employees in front of customers. The only thing good were the pancakes.
5	Great food and great service!
2	It was ok.  I was seated fast and I chose the counter.  Service could have been better for sure.
4	Great food. Great conversation (Joe, get back to work), terrific value.
5	Love this place. The corn beef hash is my favorite!
4	The thing that defines a diner is the coffee, my cup was never empty and the flavor was bold and not bitter.  The eggs were served hot as was the biscuit the homemade jam complimented the taste.  My favorite thing was the sausage patties, the flavor reminded me of the breakfasts I shared with my parents my Dad was a big fan of pork sausage and he would have enjoyed these.  I am not a fan of home style potatoes but I tried them and they were good well seasoned.  I will be back.
5	This diner has the feel of a local establishment that's been successful for 30+ year's. The Pancakes are awesome! My wife loved the eggs Benedict.  The service is excellent. The owner, Joe, was very nice. We will be back and bring our friends next time.
3	Good home cooking.  Decent prices.
5	I can't believe I haven't rated this place yet! Mmmmmm... Joe's food is so good. First, the place is attached to an old garage. Which is super super cool. The whole place is well decorated, the theme is really fun. The first time we went, it was great. The second time we went, we met Joe! He came over to the table and chatted for a bit. Very cool. The kids always have a good time here. The prices are very fair. We've had a little of everything on the menu and I've never been disappointed. I just love this little local spot.
5	First Impression: The owner greets you at the door and welcomes you into the restaurant, which is a nice touch. The location isn't the best but that's typically where you find the best restaurants. The food was delicious. The pancakes are yummy! I will definitely come back again.
4	The bf and I went to get breakfast at Joe's yesterday and it was shockingly good! I didn't expect much, despite the good reviews, hence my hesitation to go to this place after living nearby for over a year. The food is simple, but good. The bacon was super crispy, which I really enjoyed. Their biscuits are buttery and delicious. Their potatoes were ok. The bf liked the biscuits and gravy and the coffee was good. I'll definitely be back soon! Ps- they're going to be moving over to 7th ave soon.
5	Had the Breakfast Croissant with Ham & extra crispy Potatoes - BOMB! Get it, Get it! Next time I'm Gettin' a Side of their Chorizo Gravy to dip the potatoes in......Can't wait!Fabulous true to form Diner! Definitely recommend!
5	This is THE ONLY place that I will go for pancakes! They are so buttery, smooth and heavenly. The potatoes are also a must have. For the rare occasions that I decide no pancakes at Joe's they have a vegetarian option of eggplant parmesan. It is fantastic! Pair with the slaw and you'll be in heaven. The owners also help with serving and they are super nice! As a matter of fact, all of the servers are amazing.
4	Though a bit crowded on the weekends, this is a great breakfast spot. And they also serve their own version of a Buffalo-area speciality called "Beef on Weck" on the lunch menu which my Western NY boyfriend says is quite authentic. In fact, according to him, the substitution of the Kosher salt and caraway seed Brioche roll for the traditional Kaiser roll the dish is usually served with makes it even better. An added bonus is the strange and kitchy garage next door (which can be seen thru a viewing window inside the restaurant). Not sure the history behind the Native American mannequin but it adds to the appeal of this great independent eatery.
4	Good biscuits & gravy
4	5 star pancakes, 3 star service and facilities. The pancakes are perfect. Super light and fluffy. A "short stack" (two big pancakes) is perfect for a normal human being. Service is just so-so -- nice enough, but slow/infrequent. And what's up with the low/no AC policy at 11:00 a.m. in August? You do NOT want to be sitting in the front section of the restaurant. At least there was a big floor fan sending air to the back room, but nothing up front. I'd enjoy my breakfast a lot more if it weren't 85-90 degrees in there.
1	I read the other reviews and thought I was coming for a great meal...boy was I wrong. The girls and I showed up for an early lunch to celebrate a birthday. It turned into a 2 hour dissapointment. The birthday girl and I ordered the Thursday special, open roast beef sandwich with mashed potatoes over texas toast. What I was expecting wasn't what I got. What I got was a gray gloppy slop of what I guess was supposed to be gravy over store bought beef, so-so mashed potatoes and texas toast. And the taste? I can't describe it. What would it take to get some good beef and cook it. Why use store bought? The other girls in the group ordered various breakfast items and from what was said they also were disappointed. From the cold potatoes to the bland biscuits the whole experience was bad. I know that every restaurant has it's bad days but I get the sense that this was a normal day for them. As much as we like small locally owned places to eat we won't be back
2	Average Joe's Diner. The new location opened just down the street and after reading some reviews my family and I decided to give it a try for breakfast. This was very much your typical greasy spoon breakfast and I would say that I have had much better breakfast else where in the neighborhood. We were seated within 8 minutes of walking in however the total time was over an hour and a half. It took what seemed forever to get out 4 food items and it was not worth the wait. Everyone's plate was cold and eggs over cooked. Kids did not like the pancakes and I would say they are not very good either. This place offers nothing special and not worth the long wait for cold food.
4	They were packed so it took a bit to get breakfast but the staff really hustled and the coffee was very good for a diner. 'Joe' even came out to check on people who were waiting.
5	I eat here for breakfast every Saturday morning. Never had bad service, never finished my coffee, someone is always there to fill it before you hit bottom.  I'm pretty picky how I like my eggs and bacon cooked, I tell them and they nail it every time. I am in this area because my son has practice down here, if he didn't it would still be worth the drive.
