2	Stopped by to have a drink with friends on the patio to watch the ice skaters. We had a couple local drafts and "cranberry mimosas". Drinks were ok, but the girl hanging holiday lights around us was kinda rude. She even asked some people to move from their table so she could string up a row. Didn't even say excuse me when bumping a few other patrons. Could've found a better time to do this instead of a busy dinner hour.
5	Great food, fun and quick service. It's got a bit of a hip and sometimes hippie vibe. Like a NYC coffeehouse. A bit pricey, but that's Downtown. Plus food is all fresh and to order.
5	The corner knows how to throw a party! Amazing food! We're having the salad and flat bread! Fun atmosphere with a friendly staff! Large sinning room and close to all the action downtown Phoenix!
4	The Corner is a great fun place in CityScape.  If you are tired from some ice skating or need some pep in your step to ice skate or enjoy a fun night, I would recommend coming here.  I came here on a Yelp event and found the people extremely friendly and accommodating.  The feeling inside was cozy and warm. The food variety was excellent. I would come here again.
5	I came to the Corner in December for a wonderfu;  event. And I was super pleased with the venue. The Corner is a wonderful place to  check out for a nice meal! I will definitely try this place out whenever I'm back in town! At this event, we had the option of trying out several foods they serve here. I really need to commend The Corner on their Southwester style salad. It was absolutely delicious and very fresh. I'm a huge fan of corn and avocados; both of which were both included in the salad. I also really like how their pizzas are quite unique, but still tasty. I'll always say yes if there is bacon on the pizza. I really recommend checking this place out. It is refreshing and seems pretty healthy! Happy holidays everyone!
4	Let's talk about the food. The menu is just straight up American. No, not that nebulous American (New) stuff I see popping up. We're talking great for sandwiches, pizzas, flatbreads (I love when a restaurant can differentiate between the two), and salads. I stuffed my face with a lot of stuff here, so let's talk about the good, the bad, and the ugly. The good: The pizzas are on point. Sure, the pesto gets a bit sloppy, but tastes great. And the tomato bacon variety is top notch, especially because they appear to be one of the few restaurants out there that actually puts effort into serving good bacon. I was very happy with that selection. Pair it with a salad. Doesn't matter which one, they're all really freaking good.You know what else is cool? The huge to-go section, like a grocery store deli. If you can't sit down for lunch, you can just grab it off the shelf. There's a huge beverage selection as well. It almost makes downtown feel as though it's not a food desert. Prices are totally reasonable, and if their hot dishes are any indication, the quality makes Paradise Bakery look like Subway. The bad: Flatbreads are kinda lame. Salmon and capers make for a snoozefest with nothing else to really let it shine. The chicken variety tastes like someone really wanted to make a chicken salad sandwich and gave up half way through. I wouldn't go for these. the ugly: Nope, there is none. The worst I can say about The Corner is that only the majority of what they serve is good. Don't expect anything adventurous for your palate here, but rather the classics done correctly, and you'll leave satisfied. If I'm ever in the area for lunch, this is on the top of my list.
3	I was so overwhelmed when I walked in.  I did not know there is a menu, a hot food area (scope and go) and a cold good (scope and go).  Since we were on a time crunch, I decided to get the hot food bar.  I pick a to go container and got:  pasta and meatballs, bread, and i think it was mac and cheese?  I got a pink lemonade.  The food was just ok.  They had made an extra sandwich, the server asked if we wanted it.  That was so nice.  Next time, I will try to order from the menu.
4	Love the location especially when the ice skating rink is up and running. Sitting on the patio is pretty chill watching all the people happily skating around. Every time I have come for happy hour drinks with or without snacks, there is some kind of hassle ordering-- can't find wine, or glasses or how to ring it up on cash register, but I keep coming back because it is  a relaxing place to hang out without a ton of creeps--- it is what is is and for the most part it is just fine.
4	We ended up here because they were open. That's the truth. We were pleasantly surprised because we hadn't even known they existed. All we had was a pizza and salad, some drinks. All fine. And we sat where we could just about grab the hats off skaters. But we didn't. I will try this place again when I am not in such a hurry. It's an interesting "dinery" sort of place. I can't complain about one thing...
4	God Bless the hands that crafted the smoked turkey sandwich, and the mimosas are decadent.  Patio is amazing with a great views of children falling on the ice. Hurray.
4	I stopped in the Corner with a friend while walking around and watching the ice skating. The Corner is a great fun place in CityScape. It's next to the ice skating so I'd recommend you check this place out when you need a break.
5	I rarely give 5 stars and while part of me feels like I am being overly generous, another part of me says,"Your here more often than most other eateries nearby."It's my first choice for lunch hands down. Their salad and hot food bar makes it super easy to get quality, as healthy as you choose, food to-go or dine in. My favorite lunch dine in option is to grab a stool at the counter and order off the menu for full service. Or order at the register,  get your #, find a table and they will find you. It is so fun to sit out on their patio and people watch the CityScape crowds. A nice coffee, tea, beer or wine in hand and watch city life buzz around.  My favorite items there:- The salad bar of course.- The meatballs off the hot food bar.- The chicken strips off the hot food bar.- Their BLT! - Their Spinach Salad.-
