5	If you haven't been ...a great place for interesting swag... stocking stuffers and little gifts.  Located at the Holsum Lofts on Charleston...which is a cool gallery space on top to roam..
5	it is THIS kind of store that is going to make Las Vegas a fabulous place to live and not the mega shopping centers that are slated to open soon although I'm an equal opportunity shopper). LVPD is so adore able, and with an owner who is usually happily perched behind the counter ready and willing to talk about her products or the art scene in general, it makes for a happy visit either way. I always come out with a couple cute cards for someones birthday, a nice notepad of some sort and a cute gift.If you shop with  later birthdays and holidays in mind, you will be happy when you look into your card collection at the last minute for cards and things. Great Job!!!
5	Having recently moved from San Francisco and my favorite stationary store in Japantown, I was super pleased to find a flyer for Paperdoll at Dead Poets Bookstore.  We went to check it out and I ended up leaving with far more than I expected to. Some cute notecards and postcards for myself, plus this neat Day of the Dead-esqe Mexican bingo game. The two people I went with also walked away with plenty of fun swag.I definitely recommend this place if you're looking for gifts for the artier folks in your life. I'll definitely be back myself.
5	Adorable. As if any shopper comes to Vegas to visit ANOTHER Sephora, Neimans, Coach or every other store they have here that reeks of everywhere else, this is actually a little independent gem not far off the Strip in Vegas. A great place for stationary and cards, I also found some great gift items I've never seen anywhere else before after poking around awhile. The cute rock n' roll newborn onesie and matching bib were a hit at a friend's baby shower. The owner is great  and I always go back to a store the wraps purchases up without asking and with awesome style.
4	Haven't been to this store in a long time, because it is really far from where I live.  BUT the last few times I went I spent lots of time and money!  At Christmas time, my shopping budget goes way up just because of this store!  I mean that in the best way.  As far as I know, it's the only place in Vegas to get finely designed stationery that's not covered in glitter and lace and crap found on overpriced garbage that some other stores carry (too harsh??).I also like the fact that I can take FOREVER perusing the store and the person at the desk doesn't shoot me looks like I'm crazy.
