3	The food is good - both breakfast and lunch, however every time we have eaten there, it is a little slow.  One time we were there for 30 minutes after we finished eating - waiting for the bill.  Seems to happen quite often.
1	Food is so-so ( if you end up getting what you ordered!) and the  service is awful. Last visit we were overwhelmed by the scent of a possible sewer back up?! Yuck!
1	We stopped over the weekend for lunch. Both had a sandwich and some chilli. The food was acceptable. As with other posts service was a little slow. We sat at the bar and noticed how dirty it was behind the bar. Ice machine vent was full of dust and the floor was disgusting with dirt that has been there for a long time. The place needs a good cleaning.
4	The food was very tasty bar food. Our service was also very good.  The prices were reasonable. We will definitely go back.
3	Oh Black Bear Inn... You have so much potential! It's been almost a week since I devoured your sweet potato fries and I'm still thinking about them! SO GOOD! I'll go as far to say they were the best I've ever had! Super crunchy on the outside, sweet, and soft on the inside. My chicken sandwitch was also delectible. The chicken tasted like it was cooked on a char-coal grill, pounded thin, juicy, tender, and slathered with pepper-jack cheese. Yum Yum! You are right on par with food!The downsides...Service was friendly but slow. It was Taco Tuesday but your specials were hard to understand and unfortunately, our very kind server had pretty broken english. We wished there would have been something on the tables to reference in writing what they were. We would have loved to try those tacos! Also, your place is ditry! A thick coat of dust covered every surface in the dining room. While that's not the end of the world, it makes me wonder how the back of the house looks if that's how the front of the house is.  Also, our beer tasted a little funky, clean your tappers please! I really want to make this a regular go to spot, ooohhh those fries, but it needs a really good cleaning. You have potential to steal the scene in Cottage Grove! Your food is delicious enough for people to make a special trip but you need to clean and organize your front of the house a little better. This is one foodies plea to you. I want to spend my money there!
3	Visited the Inn for lunch with a friend a couple of weeks ago now. We ordered their sweet potato fries, and I had a chicken wrap, both of which were delish. Decent prices too (around $5 for the fries, around $7 for the wrap). Friendly service as well. SO why only 3 stars? Well, unfortunately, I ordered a Fat Tire, and it definitely tasted off...so their taps need to be cleaned. Another downgrade is the decor, which could use some updating. Also, their specials were not super-clearly explained, and could be placed more prominently somewhere in the restaurant (like those table tents or something?).
2	We went on a Saturday night. It was OK.  I hate giving bad reviews but this place was definitely not destination worthy.  My GF had the prime rib which was tender but bland.  I had the crab legs. They were pretty small. The "juice wasn't worth the squeeze" on a couple of the legs.  Both entrees came with a salad bar which had maybe 10 ingredients to choose from. Not impressive.  To top it off there was a fan running full blast right above our table. When we asked the waitress to turn it down she told us that the manager was the only person who knew how to turn it down and he was on vacation.  So our food got cold really quickly. If you are in Cottage Grove and want a bar burger I'm sure this place will suffice but not much beyond that.
3	The prime rib breakfast special is great. It is only served Sunday till it runs out though.I prefer my hash browns crunchy and they were perfect today.
