4	***This is Bellagio's main gift shop and it is a big one (open 24 hours like other Las Vegas hotel gift shops); you will find touristy stuff here like Bellagio apparel, Bellagio glasses, Bellagio magnets, and gambling themed candy; you will also find small Ralph Lauren and Nike sections; most interesting is their snacks and refreshments area where they have a wide variety of packaged savory items and sweets as well as an impressive selection of spirits with many different brands and flavors; there is a lot here to complete a hotel room party though your best bet would probably be to hit up Costco beforehand given the high prices at this gift shop***Like most Las Vegas hotels on The Strip, Bellagio offers both free valet and self parking.
5	Bellagio's upscale convenience store located right across from the main tower elevators and in the esplanade. If you have some money to drop and are looking to get some quick snacks, drinks, hard liquor and some souvenirs for those folks back home, then come to Tutto for all your basic essentials.Yes this store is overpriced but that's aimed at tourists who have no where else to go from there hotel room and don't want to walk too far from the hotel to get what they need. If you don't want to pay a lot for water, snacks and etc, then I suggest to walk to the ABC store across from Bellagio in the Miracle Mile Mall in Planet Hollywood just to save some money and trust me. The prices in the ABC store will make you come back for more basic stuff and you can save some for the casino
4	Since I was in Vegas, a friend of mine asked me to pick up a particular coffee cup from Tutto.  Loved the Spring garden at Bellagio atrium on my way to Tutto.  The store is conveniently based across from the "O" theatre.  They have a huge selection of Bellagio novelties and boutique goods.  Aside from getting my friend his coffee cup, I ended up getting few things for myself. I love how they wrap everything up.  Bubble wrap and tissue (monogram) wrap of all glassware.  The staff are helpful and friendly.If you have an MGM card, use it.  They do give discounts according to your credit limit.
