5	I thought I would never find a Mexican restaurant in Madison I liked.  Then came Fiesta Cancun.  Cheap prices, no orange cheese anywhere, good portions, and delicious food.  I loved the spinach quesadilla I had, and the margaritas are only $3.75 at regular price.  Really good service too.  I love it!  -NOT like Cancun in Madison either.  Completely unrelated and a million times better.-
2	Meh. The food was plentiful and relatively inexpensive, but it was also boring. I'll never understand how so many Mexican restaurants can make refried beans bland.I've had much worse, but I've also had much better. It was worth a shot, but I probably won't be back.
5	Very simply: great food, done right, great prices, great service. We were so pleased with our dinner here. We wanted to go to pasqual's but I had my mind set on shrimp. The shrimp fajita quesadilla I had here hit the spot! And the chips and salsa are free. yum!
3	I got Fiesta Cancun as takeout with someone, so my review is based on placing the order over the phone and eating it at home.We placed an order for pickup at about 6:00 on a Tuesday. An order of chicken enchiladas and an order of beef chimichangas. They told me it'd be ready in 12 minutes, which is much quicker than I'd have expected, and awesome because we were starving. Upon getting home, I opened the bag to find some ups and downs. + they gave us two bags of chips and two containers of salsa, something usually reserved for dine-in patrons+ they put the lettuce, tomato, guacamole, and sour cream in a separate container to keep it from getting all melty in the hot boxes- the beef chimi turned out to be chicken- the salsa was super sweet, closer to tomato sauce The food is pretty good, but nothing special. Both items were pretty skimpy on the filling, the enchiladas moreso. For the quality and amount of meat you get, the food is a bit on the pricey side - $7 for three enchiladas, no sides, and with maybe a third the amount of meat you'd find in average burrito (total, not in each - there was definitely more tortilla to the dish than chicken) is a bit steep. I wouldn't be opposed to going back to Fiesta Cancun, but I don't think I'd suggest going back either.
2	took a long time to even be noticed to get seated.  Once done service was good.  Food was rather oily.  Mom had a burrito of some sort, and me fajitas.  I would rather go to Laredos for fajitas.That day waiter seemed interested in flirting with some girls down the row of the tables, but whatever.  I wasnt asking for that, just asking for a little more attentiveness from him as a restaurant server.
5	Awesome
