4	The bakery is fantastic but so is their food. I worked briefly for a real shithole in downtown but the one bright spot was it allowed me to lunch at Azteca almost daily. I fell in love with their carnitas burros, which are HUGE and about 3 bucks if I recall correctly. One of the things I miss about being in California is how you can find those huge $3 burros just about everywhere, well Azteca is your place for that sort of thing.Please go there and help support a great local restaurant and bakery.
2	Mediocre tacos. I'll have to come back for the baked goods and see if they can earn more stars from me. Ended up there for lunch because some colleagues and I had a break from a training class and it was close. I was hoping to make a great find, but alas, they didn't impress. I figured a classic carne asado taco dinner would be a good barometer for gauging the place. The corn tortillas - now those were 5-star. the carne asada was so-so seasoned, not bad flavor, but somewhat bland, and quite tough. The mass of shredded lettuce on the tacos did nothing for it except make the lovely tortillas a bit soggy. Same for the blob of guacamole on the tacos. OK, but but so unpromising that I won't bother coming back for another meal. The baked goods on the other hand, I'll be back to try.
4	Great place for Mexican Baked Goods (Pan Dulce). They have cochitos, churros, zinger rolls, Mexican wedding cookies, empanadas, and several other festive pastries.  I like to drop in on my way to the office when I'm feeling nice and want to treat my co-workers to a little culture. Unlike bagels and store bought doughnuts, these treats are always gone by mid morning and that's how I like it.  Also good for a hearty breakfast burrito.  Try the Chorizo, Potato, Bean and Egg 4-way. Que Bueno!  I can't vouch for any of the lunch/dinner combo meals but will return for the baked goods and burritos.
3	So the wife and I woke one morning and were dying for a breakfast burrito. We could only handle Einsteins and Gag-in-a-bag some many more times. We decided, what the heck, let's give Azteca a try.After all, we had partaken in El Norteno and La Canasta (both really salty in our book) and were like, come on, we live downtown, there's got to be at least one place with a decent chorizo and egg burrito? Well, low and behold, Azteca is better than most. The tortillas are probably the best part in my book - really tasty.My favorite is the Egg and machaca, although its like mostly machaca and little egg, not a bad thing. Don't forget to ask for cheese with it though, my preference for sure. My wife likes the egg, potato and cheese, and I have to admit its tasty as well.Before you leave, grab some pastries - specifically the empanadas. I'm typically not a fan of mexican bakeries (they always seem bland in my book), but the empanadas have a little flair.Not my choice for lunch this place, you can do better at Asadero Toro or America's Best Tacos in my book.Give a shot, you'll have fun.
4	Wednesday at work has always been Mexican food day. Over the years, where we got our Mexican food has varied, but for the last year or two, it has been Azteca more often than not.  It is a favorite of one of my coworkers, and he was the one who convinced us to give it a try.  And, how thankful was I!Their tacos are fantastic -- shredded beef with a bit of kick to their seasoning, in a crispy, thick hard shell. And, even their beans and rice are wonderful. They make it even better, in my opinion, by sticking some chips in with your beans and cheese. It's like a mini nacho surprise. Plus, they always add a small slice of orange with every meal. I usually don't eat it, but it always adds a nice touch and smell to your eating experience. I've not ventured too much beyond my yummy tacos, but my fellow coworkers always rave about their chimmi's and burritos with just as much gusto as I do about my tacos.  Oh, and the other day, I tried a sampling of their breakfast burritos, and I must say they were muy delicioso. Eggs and potatoes and bacon wrapped in a fresh, homemade tortilla -- that is what I call a heavenly breakfast.And, finally, of course, are their baked goods. Again, I haven't tried their whole selection, but in the past I've been lucky enough to partake of their empanadas, and I've never been disappointed. All in all, Azteca is a fantastic Mexican food experience in the heart of downtown Phoenix. It is affordable, it is welcoming and the food is delicious.  What more can you ask for?
5	This place off 7th Ave north of Van Buren is my favorite Mexican food place for lunch since its the closest one to Downtown Phx that offers some delicious Mexican treats. I have tried several things on their menu and hijole, todo esta bien rico, everything tastes yummy. My co-workers and I always recommend different plates from here to each others and each one of them has been a delight.Let me start off with the fact that their flour tortillas are the best ones I have had in ALL OF PHX. They taste homemade and you can taste the authenticity of its flour mix, its just simply the best. Lets continue our tour of the food menu with the CARNE ASADA BURRITO, wow! The meat is seasoned to perfection and their lettuce is always fresh and so is their guacamole. I am NOT  a fan of burritos but this is one of the few places in which I WILL order a burrito because of its deliciousness.The flautas plate is also yummy, the flautas are long and deep fried with shredded beef and they are delish. A co-worker recommended that I try the Green Chile w Pork Quesadilla and add lime to it, and WOW, man, no words can describe the explosion of flavor that invades your tongue, its SO GOOD. Furthermore, this place always feels warm and welcoming. The two girls that basically run the place always seem to know who their repeat customers are and they spoil us with our requests for more salsa and guacamole and one of them even has our drinks ready for us as soo as she sees us walk through the door.
4	What a pleasant surprise. I can't say I was expecting much based on the outside appearance. In fact, if you're coming up 7th Avenue from the south, you'd think this place is called Aztec. The "A" at the end of the name has been missing for a real long time.The inside is pleasant and tidy (but not too tidy), with an array of pastries that would rival any supermarket bakery section. The combos are a superb deal -- most under $7 -- and you get a lot of food quickly. The refried beans and rice are nothing to sneeze at (a subtle necessity to any Mexican cuisine in my book), and the slow-cooked machaca is deliciously tender and flavor-packed.I really like the covered patio out front. There are some nice skyline views from the west, but it feels less stuffy than the indoor seating.
4	Nice place for breakfast. Good machaca w eggs. Friendly, clean. Didn't try pastries but looked good.
5	Been going here for about a year.  Its great and on our regular rotation of places to eat.  The only 2 things I have had there is the Green or Red Burrito but its so good that I don't want to try anything else.  The ladies at the counter are ALWAYS nice and the food is ALWAYS great.  The burrito I get is 3.99 and they give you a cup of chips with salsa.  The best I've had in central Phoenix and we tried most of em.
4	I stopped in for the first time last week and had a great lunch! The shredded beef has a little heat to it...Tortillas are fantastic...Great rice and beans...An INCREDIBLE value for around $5.00. I will be going back quite a bit.
4	Super yummy.  I've moved to  Phoenix from the south east and thus I'm trying out Taquerias every chance I get. When I stopped in to Aztecas all the beer delivery guys were having lunch... you know if 6 or 7 local delivery guys are meeting there... it must be good. The machaca and potatoes breakfast plate was yummy and the tortilla it came with... although there was only one it was a foot and a half across. Good!!!! And inexpensive.
5	Great food with great prices. Very fast service and hot sauce is wonderful. Must come in on parking lot on the avenue side.
5	The most authentic and good Mexican food I have eaten north of the border!  Even better than Carolina's! They are not open for dinner.
5	Get the carne asada burrito! You won't regret it!!!
4	Really great Mexican food local hole in the wall. The beans and rice are fantastic, and the tortillas are homemade and amazing. I have had the chicken tacos and found the meat a little bland, but had the Carne Asada the next time and it was very good. Can get crowded at lunch! I always call ahead and go pick it up so I can get back to work.
4	If my fiance were writing this review, she'd automatically give it 5 stars bc she's obsessed with their carne asada burro (i will admit it's damn decent)! We come here mostly for breakfast because I wake up every monday craving the macheca and egg burro! Two burros, chips and salsa, and a large pepsi comes out to about $10... which you really can't beat for how big they are!This place isn't fancy, but their food speaks for itself. It gets really busy right around lunch hour because they're very popular with the downtown work crowd!
3	The tortillas are very good, but the quality of the meat that they place therein is a bit of problem.  The first time I went I had the carne asado burrito, and although the taste was good, I chewed the meat in that thing for an hour and half and my jaw hurt. So the second time I went, I got the chicken burrito figuring the meat would be more tender. It was, but still the quality of the meat was lacking.  Again, the taste was decent. The third time I ordered a egg burrito for breakfast, and I must say that the quality of the eggs they put inside the burrito are just great.Really low prices and some nice baked goods.  I would certainly buy a bag of the tortillas they sell at the counter.
2	Highly disappointed today. BEWARE non BEEF and PORK eaters... Today, I ordered the 'combination 2 tacos' . Apparently, most food orders are for BEEF instead instead of CHICKEN. Needless to say, I don't eat beef or pork - their website doesn't specify BEEF or PORK - And the kicker is, when I called their establishment to speak with a manager, I couldn't get past the young lady on the phone to leave my comment. It was stated "that the customer needs to specify CHICKEN with their order". Granted, I take partially responsibility for that - how about not assuming that all customer's eat BEEF and PORK and ask them their meat preference. Furthermore, when speaking with the young lady there was no recommendation to try to fix my order, no apology, no nothing to try to amend this. Azteca update your website to reflect chicken/beef/pork or what have you instead of assuming that or a great majority of them eat BEEF. You live and you learn huh! On a more positive note, my rice and beans were edible and quite delicious.
4	The place has good food and friendly service. We were waiting in line while someone ahead of us was counting out pennies and taking a long time etc. No big thing to us we weren't in a hurry, but one of the ladies behind the counter came out and took my friend and I's order. I thought that was a nice touch.The food was good, plenty of it and they have dandy pastries. I don't know the names of all of them but they are good.What I really like it the atmosphere. I don't know great mexican food from decent but I do know when I am eating something I like. This place just makes you feel like you are getting the real stuff, whether you are or not.I ate there three times on my last Phoenix visit and will do so again this spring.I recommend it, not that my recommendations on mexican cuisine are anything to write a book about.
4	When there are many choices, consumers win. In NY this is true for pizza and in down town phoenix this is true for Mexican food. Azteca fills the void between a generic Arizona Mexican fast food place and a sit down restaurant. You order at a counter, but the food gets delivered to you. The food is on a plate with a garnish, but the plate is disposable. The menu has all of the items one would expect, tacos, burritos, flautas, tortas etc. The one unique part you might notice stems from the "& bakery" part of the name. On the wall there are shelves full of fresh Mexican baked goods, like cookies.I opted for a Chilie Rellno burrito $4.25. Like all meals this includes a small carboard tray of corn chips while you wait. The only salsas are the traditional red and green sauce, they were good but nothing special. The burrito was quite good, inside a nicely warm and toasted tortilla was a fresh chillie rich cheese and smooth beans, all garnished with lettuce and cheese on the side.There are a few tables inside and a few more on the patio I think I group of 6 or 7 is the max I would recommend for this casual dining spot, that is  good for a cheap lunch.
4	I love that there is some authentic mexican food close to  downtown!  I just found this place and decided to give it a try. It was a little chilly that day and was really craving my grandmother's homemade soups. I ordered the albondigas soup. It was really good! Now, it was not identical to what I'm used to but it definitely had good flavor and they didn't skimp out on the meat! The broth had a very strong taste of spices which was not overpowering. The tortillas de harina (flour) were pretty good. They could work on their salsa but it wasn't bad. I'd definitely come back and try their other soups!
3	A veg burrito is not where it is at.On my second trip I went for the vegetarian burrito $3.75 again it came with a small tray of chips and a lettuce garnish. The wait was a bit long this time. I felt the tortilla was far too large for this burrito creating large amounts of extra tortilla, and it did not seem that soft to me.  The filling of beans, lettuce , a few veggies and guacamole was not well distributed and lacked inspiration.The hot sauce is still good but  I am in no rush to head back here.
4	Quaint place close to downtown. After touring the heard museum we headed over here in search of authentic mexican food. The food was indeed delicious! They also had a selection of home made cookies and rolls and things like that in the 'bakery' section. My friend was absolutely in love with their salsa which you can buy in an 8 oz. portion for I believe 3 or 4.99 or something like that. I was a little concerned when the person ordering in front of us had their order taken completely in spanish. I have zero language skills other than english but was pleasantly surprised when it came our turn and the girl took our order in 100% fluent enlish. Would go here again if I was ever in the area.
5	THE RANT:This place has an air blower only to dry your hands, no paper towels.  You have to use toilet paper to open the door & your shirt tail to open the hallway door if you want to get back into the dining room with your hands clean!     :-OSO, 1 Star & we're out of here, right?  Well, not so fast!     :-))THE RAVE:This little place is nice inside & very comfortable for dining.  When I was here there were a host of regular customers yucking it up & my service was friendly & nice.  (You order & pay at the counter, they give you chips & salsa to munch on, & then bring out your main order when it's ready.)Pretty soon my lunch came out.  OMG, look at all this food!!I ordered a #10 Chile Relleno Plate, & added a hard shell shredded beef taco on the side.  Along with my chips & salsa unexpected, here came my plate with salad, a cup of Guacamole, a generous serving of refried beans & Spanish Rice, & a huge flour tortilla wrapped up in aluminum foil.  What a feast!  I couldn't even eat it all, & the taste of everything was FANTASTIC!!  The Chile Relleno, wrapped up with a corn tortilla (!) with it's own toppings, was a match for the best one I've ever had, & I'm a big Chile Relleno fan.  Also, I haven't had refried beans this good since Gourmet Tamale over in San Fernando, CA...  SUPER CREAMY & GOOD!!The price?  LOW for this meal at $6.55 + $1.75 for the taco!This place is SO FIVE STARS that the missed paper towels don't even matter.  I'll grab a couple of napkins in the dining room the next fifty times I eat here!     :-))PS:  There's a nice enclosed, covered patio too.
4	Love this cute little local place! You have to know about it to go, but damn is it good! Huge portions, cheap, and good chips and salsa, I'm in!!My dad discovered this gem a few years ago, and I love it when we go. Love the hole-in-the-wall vibe and the staff is really friendly. Green chile burro=YUM.
3	Pretty standard Mexican fare to be found here. Had read about some great Chile Relleno's here, but they were not as good as the hype. The place is pretty ancient and they have a back patio that more closely resembles a small prison yard where the birds will steal your free chips if you venture back inside. That area could be nicer with some sort of makeover, but when is the last time a Mexican joint ever underwent a makeover? The food looked nice on the plate, but I don't need a small pile of lettuce/salad in this ethnic cuisine. The side cup of guac was good and both hot sauces had some kick, but the Relleno was marred by a mushy crust and the use of yellow, not white cheese, in the middle. The rice and beans were probably above normal quality, but the Relleno was just run of the mill for 7 bucks. Still a good crowd at 1:30pm, but most bakery items were sold out by then.
5	Such a fat kid they know my name. I basically come here every saturday morning, looking like death warmed over seeking the warm and reassuring sustenance of their delicious fare. The Carnitas are amongst the best I have ever had, the Machaca is succulent and moist, the confections are glorious and probably my favorite amongst the various panaderias Phoenix has to chose from, even my tiny little 89 yr old spanish grandmother loves them, and she is one tough galleta to please. Azteca is one of my favorite places to bring my famz for a quick breakfast, since they all love it and it's easy on the wallet. So many memories I have of this joint I just love it and hope someday when I have a little snot nosed brat to tote around I can bring him here and shut him up with some pan dulce. Viva Azteca!
5	I'd like to start by saying that anyone who rates Azteca as three-star or lower is either a damn fool, or is not well versed in Mexican food. You know who you are. This is about as it good as it gets for the Phoenix area. Everything is homemade and delicious.The green corn tamales are absolutely stellar. This beauty comes out wrapped in waxed paper and corn husk to maintain the moisture and heat. It's like unwrapping presents at Christmas time, a pure delight! Top this bad boy with green sauce and dive in to find kernels of corn complemented by the perfect sweetness. The green chile is also superb and highly recommended. The staples even stand on their own. Your meal begins with crispy chips fresh out the fryer! Throw a little salt and green sauce on them and enjoy. The consistency and flavor of the beans is just right and they are not offensively overwhelmed with cheese as so many other restaurants. The rice always has great flavor, but can range in moisture from slightly dry to very moist depending on the day (I'm assuming different cooks.) And lastly the flour tortillas. These goodies are concealed by foil to keep them piping hot. Every time I unwrap them I get a little giddy. The smell is just so damn good! There are few things better than flour tortillas with rice and beans. This is just about the best threesome I have ever had. The only downside to Azteca is the limited daytime hours, and the large lunch crowds. If you love Mexican food, and have not eaten here you must make it a point to come. You will NOT be disappointed. I almost forgot it is also very inexpensive with most of the combos ranging from $5-6ish.
3	I like the combination of pan dulce and breakfast or lunch burritos all in the same place. I can take a meal to go and some pan dulce for the next day! The food is very tasty, not the best ive tasted, but no where near 'not good'. Only draw back was the salsa was a lil watered down, overall, i likes, i would recommend and would go back, I give 3.5 stars.
3	Good food!
5	Love this place. Grew up in So Cal and live in Tucson. I've had every kind of Mexican food possible. This place is way up there. Legitimate homemade style food that satisfies. Great sauces. The baked goods are also to die for. If you're around you should definitely try it.
5	Been going for to this place for years... the red chile and green chile burritos are the best... the pan is bomb a spot you should check out .....
3	A good place to have some really good burritos. Place is neat and has a good atmosphere. Price is decent enough. Not much to expect here though.
4	I literally group up right around the corner from here and every time I go back and visit Phoenix this is my #1 stop :) I don't even visit my family 1st until I have grabbed a quick red burrito.  Very authentic and they cook their own pan (sweet bread) as well.  I also love their soups well actually I love everything they cook! #realmexicanfood
5	I have to say that I have enjoyed this place. I found it by accident on the way to work one morning after another place would only take cash. Breakfast burritos are good, fresh tortilla and ingredients. I have been back a few times now, service and food have been great. Besides the bk burrito, I had a steak ranchero lunch special, tasted like home made beef stew in a burrito... Very good.
3	Azteca has some great breakfast burritos, too bad they don't open till after I have to be at my desk in the morning.  My coworkers love this place, I think it's so-so. Their carne asada is small, not very flavorful and the meat is boiled not grilled. The place is super busy and small so if you sit in at lunch it's a circus. For carne asada that's much better hit another joint.
4	I walked in and everyone eating there was Mexican, that's a good sign.  The food and soda were good and so was the service.
5	100% amazing.As I made an early morning leave from Phoenix we popped in here for a breakfast burrito which was AMAZING, and some tamales that were absolutely perfect. The big winner here though.. the homemade tortillas I purchased and took home. I can't even begin to tell you how GOOD they were. I even had people in LA freaking out at how delicious they are and I must find out if they will ship me a bag or 2.The place is pretty bustling in the morning and I would easily, EASILY go back here for more. Staff is great and the food is authentic.but seriously.. buy their tortillas. I'm not even kidding.
