4	Always good pizza and friendly staff!  For a fast food kind of pizza I've yet not to like a pizza from this location!
4	4 stars for a pizza place? 4 stars for DOMINO'S? YES!Why you ask? WELLLL bc of their customer service of course! I decided one day after the gym I wanted a pizza, what kind you ask? The ONLY kind I LOVE! Buffalo chicken pizza! I swear, I love it with all mah heart! Soooo I call in and try to describe what toppings I want. The sweet little gentleman took the reigns and said he will make me a perfect pizza!20 mins later I check out the pizza and it looks AMAZING! I get home and take a bite and almost die! SOOOOO GOOD!!! Go here for wonderful amazing customer service and pizza!
4	This Domino's is awesome. You always get your food super fast, in fact I don't think we have ever waited more than 30 minutes from when we ordered it. The delivery guys are always friendly and happy when they greet you at the door. And the most important part, the pizza is always yummy!
1	Delivered half an hour later than quoted. Pizza was cold, the driver not particularly polite, and they didn't bother to include the marinara cups that they charged EXTRA for to go with our stuffed cheesy bread. There was next to no cheese or toppings on the pizza. The stuffed cheesy bread was pretty good, or at least could have been if it had the marinara sauce. It's the first time I've ordered from Domino's in years, because the Handmade Pan looked good. It looks nothing the ads, which I know to expect. Still, it would have been nice if they could have gotten right.
4	Not a big fan of Dominos, but decided to try them again since the special was going to save me some money. My simple pizza, with only diced tomatoes and sausage was okay except that it tasted heavily salted. The pasta dish was not for me, with its "bowl" made of what could be thick crust of pizza dough. No way am I adding this to my diet. The enclosed macaroni with tomato sauce and chicken was good, but not worth the cost. Delivery was fast, employee polite and hunger satisfied.
1	Ive ordered from this store before and it wasnt that bad but this time was ridiculous. It took an hour and a half to get a medium 2 topping pizza and a small gluten free pizza. When it finally got here it was cold!! :( I watched the little tracker thing on my computer and according to it, it took 20 mins to "prep" only 8 minutes in the oven and 30 mins to "quality check" and the rest of the time to finally get to my door which means it was out of the oven longer than it was in there, how do they expect a pizza to stay hot?!. In the end, it was cold and not very good.
2	Good food and fast deliveries but not to my door.  The drivers get to the parking lot and make me walk out, they refuse to leave there cars and walk to the apartment.  If I meet them in the lot and say the money's in my home they get an attitude.  It will be a while before I order again.  Pizza was good guess it's carry out for now.
5	This particular Domino's Pizza is the location I use for delivery when I would like a pizza at home.  They are always prompt and very polite when they deliver, and the pizza is hot fresh and baked perfectly.
