1	STA IS MISLEADING AND TAKES ADVANTAGE OF INEXPERIENCED STUDENT TRAVELERS.Initially, I had a good experience booking my Fulbright ticket to Tirana through STA. They understood Fly America requirements for US-sponsored aid programs and found me a flight that departed from Washington, D.C., as I had requested. I realized when I was booking my flight that my travel plans might change. Makayla, the agent who booked my flight, informed me that changes to my ticket, if made prior to 30 days before the flight date, would be $50 plus the difference in fare. Sounds great, right? Flexibility for the student life style. What Makayla did not mention is that the phrase "changes to your ticket" only applies to changes in date- not to changes in city of departure. Today, I tried to change the city of departure on my ticket from Washington, D.C. To Chicago. This was not permitted by United, the US carrier that STA had booked the ticket under; I was later told by customer service rep Ken and manager Megan that "It's actually not really allowed to do rerouting at all anymore." In order to make the change that I had requested, my ticket would need to be refunded and then rebooked with a charge of $400. I asked if STA would consider waiving the $400 refunding fee, since I felt that I had been misled when I booked the ticket. Megan refused. In conclusion, your STA ticket is not as flexible as your STA agent may make it seem. They never discuss the specific parts of your ticket you can "change" when you "change" your flight.  You ought to be cautious about the terms and conditions when booking through an STA agent, online or on the phone. That's especially true if the flexibility of the ticket is what's holding the appeal for you.
1	FOLLOW UP ON BETTER BUSINESS BUREAU COMPLAINT TO STA FILED ON 07/26/10.The conclusion of my complaint to the Better Business Bureau arrived on August 5th, 2010. The response consisted of a letter from STA and two .wav files. The STA sales manager responding to the BBB advocate had included as evidence that the agent with whom I had dealt had not misled me in our discussions of changes in flights and fees. When I tried to play the .wav files to review the conversations, neither of them would open. I did not contact the Better Business Bureau again to find out if they had been able to actually play the files, although it is a point that I would be curious to know. On Facebook, I have had an active discussion thread describing my dealings with STA. The board moderator has encouraged me to write to him to discuss the matter, but I have instead preferred to reply to his messages on the board because I have wanted to keep the pressure on STA to respond to my case. I have kept my tone firm but insistent, as the tone of these reviews have been framed. Today, I went to post the result of the BBB complaint, but I found that the board has now been disabled by the moderator. Congratulations, STA. You managed to neutralize a single solitary broke, dissatisfied graduate student. A solid day's work.
4	THANK YOU for helping me plan an amazing holiday! I actually thought the service here was really good and surprised at the other comments. I had a pretty complex travel schedule and everything, from my flight to Vietnam to my tour through Thailand / Cambodia went smoothly... I would recommend.
