2	Ok, I have some major criticism for this place.  I feel a bit bad about it and I struggled with giving US Nalis a 3 or a 2.  I should say that I have a few pet peeves concerning nail salons and some of these things may not bother you.  So, I will be specific...#1 pet peeve-  bad color choices!  I hate, hate, hate choosing from old nail polish colors.  My career forces me to know what colors are in each season, so I am probably more sensitive to this than most.  Nevertheless, please keep your colors current!  OPI comes out with new colors all the time, every season in fact.  I shouldn't have a better selection at home. In addition, I found several bottles that were not closed all the way, further limiting my choices because the nail polish became thick.  This is a wide spread problem among nail salons.  I have even walked out because of it.  #2 pet peeve- rundown/dirty equipment.  This place needs to be spruced up a bit.  There was a dingy, wet towel on the floor by my foot bath that looked like it had been used already.   The massage chair next to me had an upside down chair in it.  Why?  It was the middle of the day.  If the place is open, it should look presentable.  I could also smell the stench of sewage, not a comforting feeling.  These few things made the place seem unclean.  One final turn off, when I was seated the water was not in the foot bath and there was no towel on the foot rest.  I don't want to put my feet on a naked foot rest, the towel is like a little barrier between you and the others before you.  Since there was no water in the tub it seemed awkward for me to put them in there too, it was just weird. #3 pet peeve- obvious up-selling with no regard for who your client is.  I was asked if I wanted several extra services in a row.  I didn't mind until she said, "do you want an eyebrow wax?"  Um, I'm here for my feet, how did you jump from there all the way up to my face?  Also, I am naturally blonde, as in I have no eyebrows.  What were they going to do, wax them off?  I have so little to begin with and they are freaking translucent they are so blonde.  I have to fill in, not take away.  I think they just run through their list of services, but they should stick to things you look like you might actually need.  Other than that they were fine.  Nice people, but they need to make things more presentable.  It was a real turn off to me.  Impressions are everything.  Keep things tidy, clean and current.
3	Forgive me, Rose, for I have sinned...(Actually, I'm hoping that Rose, my go-to pedicure girl, will not see this review, but by writing, I'm hoping my guilty conscience of cheating on Rose will go away!)So this is the story... I had very limited time late yesterday afternoon... I was in major need of a pedicure (especially now that the weather is getting beautiful again and it's open-toe shoe time).  However, I did not have enough time to make the drive all the way from Old Town to North Scottsdale to see Rose at Allure where I usually go.  But, I really wanted a pedicure.My thinking process was this:*if I search yelp and find a pedicure recommendation within a few miles of my house, I will call to see if I can get an appointment*upon seeing Julia's recommendation for "Candi" at US Nails, I called, and sure enough Candi could get me in*Rose will forgive me if I 'cheat' on her just this once...So, the next thing I know, I find myself picking out a color and enjoying a pedicure from Candi!Julia was right - she did a really good job... and gave a killer massage too.  The only negatives about this place were 1 - it didn't seem as clean as Allure, 2 - they do upcharge for callus removal (which I didn't need but I got it and it kind of hurt so I won't be doing that again anyways) and 3 - they charge an extra $1 for you to pay by credit card.So, I will continue to see Rose when I can plan ahead, but for a back-up place when I'm in a rush and need a quickie, I like knowing that Candi is right around the corner!  I guess what they say is true... "Once a cheater, always a cheater."  And if cheating on my pedicure person is the worst of my sins, I think I'm doing ok... don't you?!
4	Hi, I read the review from Gabi and it made me want to get a pedicure. I had a work colleague in town, so I told her to wrap up her stuff and we were taking a break. I work in old town area so it is only about a mile to the US Nails location. We snuck out and got our toes/feet done. It was so relaxing, should have carried a cocktail in there though!! Anyhow my friend thought it was nice and now I might get "treated" when I give her  a ride to the airport later.
3	I am sucker.  These people are just so darn nice that I decided to give them one more star. It doesn't change my previous review, but I'm sick of trying to find a better place and the only other convenient nail salon is closed on Sundays.  For some reason I only have time on Sunday, so obviously that doesn't work out too well.  Plus, the girls at US nail are just so sweet.  Damn, I'm a sucker for nice people.  Seriously, I once yelled at  a homeless guy (there is a back story to this that will make me not sound like an asshole, but I don't wanna bore you with it) and he was so nice about it that I gave him my breakfast.  I walked up to him, apologized and handed him my breakfast, then I went to class and felt like the world's biggest jerk.  I kinda feel like that after I leave US Nail, so maybe giving them 3 stars will ease the pain.  I think I can go back with a clear conscience now, but you might see one more update soon.  Also, I still have to bring my own polish- their color selection bites big time.
2	This is definitely not a place I would recommend. The lady giving me my pedicure cut me twice! Although the owner was very friendly the lady giving me my mani/pedi was rude. I definitely agree with the other reviewers in regards to the clealiness of the salon, it's pretty dingy on the inside. I will definitely not be going back.
3	I have to say I really enjoyed getting my nails done here, and they did a great job... however, it did not appear clean! That really bothered me. The glass on the front counter was so dirty it almost looked frosted. Sorry girls, good work but you need to do a little spring cleaning.
4	I am probably one of the pickiest people you know as far as my nails are concerned. ViVi at U.S. Nails does a good job. Her English is fluent and she actually holds a great conversation. She seems genuinely interested, too. I am not sure why people say this place is dirty because it isn't.Ask for ViVi and tell her Sharon (she says Shannon) sent you.
5	I've always loved this salon because the staff are all so nice and the services are reasonably priced for the quality of work received. I've never left here with a bad manicure or gel nails.  The nails don't lift and I can usually stretch over two weeks in between fills.  When I don't have tips put on, US Nails also does a great traditional manicure and really takes the time to groom my hands for a fair price. Even better, the staff and owner always remember me!  I moved away and came back three years later and the owner remembered who I was and asked why I had been missing. Great customer service always brings me back :)
4	This place is clean, they got me in very quickly without an appointment, they did exactly what I wanted, and they fixed the screw ups that I had from a different nail salon that I went to a couple of weeks ago.I will definitely go back!I don't know the name of the guy who did my nails but he was very quiet and very careful about his work - which I appreciated after a long stressful day at work. All I wanted was some peace and quiet and he seemed to know that.The only bad thing is the parking sucks in that shopping center and I couldn't tip on my card. I had to first go to Sally's who doesn't give cash back, then I had to run into Albertsons. But he did a great job so it was worth it.
4	Newly remodeled with fancy, comfortable massage chairs.Thank you, Tiffany for the pedicure with flowers on my big toes and the red tipped  nail fill with flowers on my ring fingers. They are beautiful...and now I am broke. Vivi remembered me...and my name when I walked in. Cya in two weeks.
4	Since the last time I was here, they really updated the place.  All new furniture and a fresh coat of paint.  David did a great job with my toes and my gel manicure.
3	Have gone to this place in the past and it was mediocre, yet the closest place to my home. I heard they remodeled and it had improved, so tried the place again. While it was better then before it still has room for improvement. I came in just for a pedicure ($23) and was there for over an hour. Thought that was a little long for the service, but it was good. I will go back until I find something better.
4	Love this place, no wait and the gentleman tech did an awesome job with my terrible feet. He tried to up sale, no problem though if you didn't want the service. Good price, good service, I will return when back in Scottsdale.
4	I needed to get my nails done while running errands and found this in the Albertsons shopping plaza. I called to see if they were busy and the gal who picked up the phone said they weren't busy. So I immediately walked right in. I was the only customer for about 20 minutes before some other people came in. For a gel manicure and normal pedicure it was $47.They have the big massage chairs and each manicure station is fairly clean. They do have OPI and a couple of ESSIE colors. For their gel manicure, they use a UV light (which I don't really like) but I have yet to find a nail salon that offers a LED light option for gel manicures.
3	Was in the area and decided to get our "toes did". Great chairs and not a long wait. They did a good job. Affordable $$ paid $23. The girls that worked on us were really nice and funny!
2	This is not to bash anyone. To be honest I really like Vi Vi, she ALWAYS remembers me and talks to me on a personal level, and she is very patient. But no amount of niceness in the world can make that wait bearable. I went in on Friday the 21 of December, I waited 40 minutes JUST to be seated. I remember she said come early because they are usually busy in the evening, well it worked perfect because I was heading to San Diego that evening. I went in around 2:09 PM, I was greeted by her husband. (Vi was in the back) he told me it would be a 20-30 minute wait which was an obvious lie. Another person came in right after me he told her a 30-40 minute wait. Little did I know that wait time was for me. They pass up A LOT of business people won'[t wait. And I personally don't blame them. To top it off because there is a wait they aren't through at all but have no problem charging me 65 bucks for a pedicure, and full set. I don't have any problem playing for good service but this service could be a LOT better. I have been going here for about three months, and I always tip. I am not a bad customer but for the money I pay I expect a lot more. My advice find another place? I promise you won't regret it.
2	I came to this place because it was convenient. I didn't have an appointment but was able to just walk in which was great. I wanted a gel mani and a regular pedi. I was told to go to the wall and pick my color for the pedi. The polish selection is pretty bare. A few OPIs and fewer Essie. I was not impressed at all. Not a good mix of brands and an even less diverse mix of color choices I'd say all together they had maybe 50 choices? (Take that with a grain of salt as I didn't count each bottle)I sat down to get my pedi done, the chairs are big and comfortable and the area seemed clean enough. Overall it was an okay experience until she asked me if I wanted my feet scrubbed. (Isn't that standard for a pedicure? I didn't just come for a polish change) I said yes and she went on to inform me that it would be an extra $5 (what a joke!). I really needed it done so I obliged. Overall the pedi took about 30minutes. I then went to get my mani, again she did an okay job but I wasn't impressed by any means. She somewhat hacked at my cuticles and did not put enough cuticle oil on to soften them. They had a good selection of shellac/gel colors, which was a nice change. She took her time and was careful about not missing any spots/ allowing for sufficient UV dry time. I ended up paying $52, which I think is a robbery for quality service I received. $28 for the pedi ($5 charge for exfoliation) and 24 for the mani. They of course don't take tip on the credit card so I had to go next door to Alberston's to get cash (super annoying). It's been about 5 days and I've noticed that my mani is starting to fall apart. I haven't been doing and extensive activities which would wear-down my manicure, so it's a bit disappointing. I most likely wont come back here, the convenience aspect does not outweigh the lack of quality.
3	This place is close to my home. I walked by it many many times, finally decided to give a try. I came in late Saturday afternoon. No wait time. Seated in 5 mins. Hygiene condition seems good.  The lady who did my Medicare and pedicure was very sweet. Her massage was really good and she took her time to perfect every detail.  In the end, I was the only customer left. Feel like the male owner cannot wait to get me out and did not want to answer my questions. For this reason, three star only
5	I have been going here for almost two years now for mani/pedis every two weeks like clockwork. The first time I came was with a friend and the owner remembered me on my second visit like it was the next day, even though it had been over a month. Everyone always so friendly, does a great job and is very accommodating. The polish selection is great, I only use OPI and I rarely get the same color twice. Today I called to make my bi weekly appointment an hour later than usual because my work day ran late. When I showed up and discovered that they had shorter hours bc of the holidays, and was practically the only one there, they voluntarily stayed late to make sure I was taken care of. Great service and much thanks :)
1	I was just at US nails, and I was really unimpressed.  I used to come here all the time, and they used to be so friendly.  I took one of my family members to get their nails done for their birthday.  Right after she cleaned my niece's nails while my niece was still in the chair, she told me the total amount of money due.  I said, "okay, thank you, I will pay in cash."  Then, the lady insisted that I pay right then and there at the chair.  I responded,"I've been here many times, and I've always paid after...has that changed?"  She responded, "yes."  However, everyone else paid AFTER their nails were completed.  I felt like that was unfair, very, very unfair.  Plus, I thought that was really unhygienic of her to handle cash in the middle of cleaning and polishing my niece's nails.  My niece received the French styled nails, and the lady left white smudges on the un-tipped parts of the nails.  I am thoroughly disappointed.
4	It's close to my house been going here for almost 3years on and off!love hate relationship but always seem to come back due to the comfort BUT the girl who does my nails short wears glasses is da bomb!
2	I have been on the search for a good nail salon for some time now and I thought this was the place.  I get gel manicures every two weeks like clock work and you would have thought that even after an accidental triple charge on my credit card that they would remember me( Which I was extremely polite about and explained that understand that accidents happen).  I would always show up first thing in the morning when they opened so they weren't busy but it was always like they were pawning me off you eachother as if i was a pain in the butt customer.  I don't think I was because I never talked and I ALWAYS tipped well and in cash! The last straw was that I had gotten this one lady that did a terrible job three times in a row and when I asked for someone else who was not with a customer they told me that someone just called and made an appointment with him to come back in 45 minutes.  I went out to my car to wait and sat there for 25 minutes to watch nobody show up! That was the last straw! Not going back and the search continues..........(1)
5	Ladies did a great job. I get my toes and fingers done every other week and was in town visiting, happened upon this place. The best part was they set a timer for the massage to make sure you aren't cut short! All places should do this :-)Prices were good, place was clean, would highly recommend!
2	The cost of a pedicure and exfoliation here simply were not worth it!  While the lady did a thorough job during the massage and exfoliating, she tore at my heels a bit too much and they are still very tender days later.  The pedicure itself was just average; might look better than I could have done, but not as good as most places.  I'll keep looking for a different salon.
1	THIS HAS TO BE THE WORST NAIL SPA IN ARIZONA!  It was so awful I didn't even let the lady polish my toes.  I walked out.  First of all she was too busy watching tv to focus on actually doing her job.  At times during my pedicure she would just stop and stare at the show on the television.  I had to ask her to cut my cuticles 2x.  Like I said, I walked out without even havng my toes polished if that tells you anything.  I left the store and went straight to another nail salon.  I had 2 pedicures back to back because the first place (US Nails) was beyond awful.  I never received such a horrible pedicure in my life.  I can't even call it a pedicure.  Sad because they have a nice location but the wrong staff.
5	I have been trying nail salons all over Scottsdale looking for good quality service. This place is affordable and they have GREAT customer service. Even better, your nails ACTUALLY do not chip after a few days. I went elsewhere a few weeks ago, paid a ridiculous amount to have my nail chip the NEXT day. I will be back here very soon!
4	I love this place! I have been coming here for awhile now, but unfortunately moved away from the area.Honestly though I love this place so much that I realize that the drive here fromNorth Phoenix area is totally worth it!! Vivi is the BEST !She always makes myEyebrows and nails look amazing! This place will always be my go to.Thanks Vivi!
2	This place sucks!donkeys ass..I was a frequent flier as I reside down the street!i always gave them a pass after a day or 2 my polish would chip cuticles still visible etc..all because they were the closest place to get My nails!NOT anymore!as soon as u walk in they Bombard u"waxing ,manicure,pedicure ?gel regular?Jesus ur foot is barely in the door!blah!i had one episode that really turned me off completely!i took my business 10 mins away to Kens nails!!
1	H
5	I like this salon and have been coming off and on for years as rather hit and miss about nail upkeep, but what I really like about this place is that I can bring in my Dad for a  basic pedicure as he has too much trouble seeing and bending to see his feet.  All the staff are kind and pleasant to him which says a lot about an establishment .They not only provide a beauty service but a health service and I'm sure we are not the only ones who are treated this way. I appreciate the way they do business.
