5	Always greeted very friendly when I walk in everyone eager to help me! Awesome managers always ready to accommodate me!
2	I have banked with Chase since way back when it was Washington Mutual.  A very long time customer.I have also, for the most part been a happy customer - until recently.My niece took a Chase money order that I gave her down to cash it at the this branch, the branch I purchased the money order from.  They would not cash it.  Though she had two pieces of ID and I even called and told them that she was my niece  - I was told in no uncertain terms that her state issued drivers license had a number that was not clear and therefore they would not cash it.She went two blocks down and cashed the money order.  Last I recalled money orders were like cash and she presented what they asked for.  Worst I think for me, was that the person I spoke to had zero interest in what I had to say.  She was short, to the point and cared not whether I continued to bank with them or not.That was two days ago. Today I called to verify that a cashiers check that I had purchased at Chase had indeed been cashed.  When I called the 800 number I was treated as I had become accustom to being treated by Chase.  The home office folks did all they could do but told me that I had to call the branch I actually got the cashiers check from, lucky me, the Peoria branch.And guess what, when I called they listened..then the person who answered the phone said "You do know it's 4:45 and we close at 5:00... I am with a customer at the moment (they answer the phone while they are with a customer??) so she proceeds to say... I will have to take your name and number and someone will call you back.Do you know... she only asked for my first name and when I asked her to repeat  my number she said "no I got it" and hung up.I do not know what is going on with this branch or chase as a whole but it is pretty disappointing as I have been one of those customers that frequently recommends them.  In fact, I hold a position in a very large company with thousands of employee's.  We are a company who requires direct deposit and I use to encourage my employees to use chase.That will no longer be my recommendation.  I train folks on customer service and it only takes a few bad experiences to change an entire companies reputation.  This branch is putting it all on the line for Chase in my opinion.I have not changed banks yet, but I have definitely changed branches.
