2	THEY AUTOMATICALLY ADD GRATUITY, even for small parties.  WATCH OUT!!  I find that to be very LOW CLASS!!  It irks me because I overlooked it and tipped them double one time.  I'm sure that happens often, and that's why they do it.  They should at least inform you of the added gratuity.   Sad thing is,  it USED to be a great restaurant with good, friendly servers.  Don't know what happened to those employees..
2	Food is terrible. Fish does not taste fresh. Only sushi spot in town that I've experienced having a hard time eating the most common item due to strong "fishy" flavor associated with old fish.
2	I was sent for training on Olive Avenue and this sushi bar was right across the street.. The food was okay... I've had better and I've had worse... The prices were pretty good... The server, though, was not. I went with 2 of my other coworkers and one of my coworkers asked for eel sauce; the serve thought it was within her right to question the request and THEN snub her nose and make the snide remark "Well your the one eating it".... on top of that... definitely not a fan about the automatic gratuity... a tip is privilege and something that has to be earned... its not an entitlement... So... 1 point off for the lousy service, 1 point off for that snide comment, and 1 point off for their gratuity.... will I go there again? The prices were decent, food was okay, and the quantity was a lot; but no, I doubt I will ever go there again... I don't eat sushi that much anyways and there are a lot of other places in the area where I can spend my hour lunch break-- that is if I have training there ever again. Will definitely not go out of my way for this place.
4	Best roll i've had at a sushi bar, Nebraska roll.....sooo good!They have a roll named after all 50 states plus all the traditional rolls.$24.95 all you can eat deal, which is a deal to me after i ordered 6 different rolls....Service was great, waitress was nice, quick and helpful.I don't know the happy hour prices, sake bombers were $7 when i went.I will go back and try and make happy hour.
1	DISGUSTING-the cucumber in the roll was thick along with the spicy tune being slathered on the top of the roll was too thick-Just DISGUSTING. Also order the chicken friend rice-the carrots were crunchy not cooked-Just DISGUSTING-We order honey glazed chicken which was actually good but the fact that they ADD gratuity doesn't make sense when it was just my partner and I-Will NEVER go here againg and I suggest you dont either its DISGUSTING!!!
2	Gratuity is ALWAYS added, so be careful!That "tip" is what is most important here.  I mean, it's a sushi restaurant in Arizona.  That's about a 6-hour, over-the-speed-limit drive to the nearest ocean.Oh yeah...one more thing: the all-you-can-eat-sushi limited menu is rice HEAVY.  I wonder why.  :P
1	I've been to a lot of AYCE sushi places and this is one of the worst. First, you only get FIVE (5) pieces of Nigiri (i.e. fish over rice), which isn't exactly AYCE... then, while all AYCE places are "rice heavy", this one is like triple rice heavy with half the amount of fish... Finally, and importantly, the fish didn't look or taste fresh at all... and the Nigiri was almost inedible....
3	This one is a 3.5 stars rounded down to a 3. Mostly because not every place can be 4-5 stars, and I'm not so sure this place quite deserves 4 yet. It's a nice place in a so-so neighborhood. Honestly, if my girlfriend hadn't recommended it I'd never have come here. The sushi's pretty decent. They have a neat concept where they have a roll for every state. We go there for girl's nights, so we all pick a few rolls and devour them together. The rolls are nice- nothing amazing, but good enough! The nigiri is a bit better. I split the hamachi with a girlfriend the last time, and that was pretty darn decent.The drinks here are great. We always go and get the apple saketini. They pack a punch and taste delicious, and the price tag is very reasonable. My girlfriend is a regular though, and I think because of that we get taken care of very well. The server Jade is a hoot, expect to be sassed and taken care of all at the same time! She's great.Overall this is a nice place. Decent, with pretty good food and drinks. Don't go for the ambience, but if you live nearby and are looking for a fairly inexpensive sushi meal, why not?
5	Awesome sushi!  Best in town!  Try the spicy tuna roll.
1	I've been to numerous sushi restaurants and I have not had such a horrible experience until I visited this place. First of all, they yelled at us to "Sit down" even though there was a "please wait to be seated" sign. We chose a booth and noticed that there was a gratuity included and didn't think much about it. Everytime we asked for something, the waiter would question why we needed it, such as more wasabi and then roll her eyes and get it. Extremely rude despite the fact that we were extremely polite the entire time. When we got our check, we asked for separate checks. She irked back and said that we should have told her in the first place so she doesn't have to go back and forth. The problem with included gratuity is that they don't have to put in any effort to earn it. Never again.
3	This sushi joint in West Glendale was a complete roll of the dice and we went in with low expectations and serious hunger.  Coming out, we were stuffed and pleasantly surprised.  If there is such a decor as a sushi dive bar, this place would be it.  Nothing fancy and a woman who we assumed was the owner was not afraid to call my friend out for ordering a Corona in a Japanese restaurant.  She even mocked him for ordering a small one.  Gotta love it when a restaurant challenges your order!Was the fish the freshest?  Well, we are in the desert, so I'm not holding my breath.  But everything tasted good and the chef even made us one of their daily special rolls on the house.  If you are in the area, I would give them a shot.  And make sure you order a Sapporo!
5	K Sushi deserves a way better review! It sounds like all the bad reviews come from people who can't take a joke, or are too cheap to give tips. The staff is ridiculously friendly compared to any other sushi bar I've been too! The chefs always cook us up a special treat, and it is always delicious! You people need to get out of your angry bubbles and live a little...
1	There isn't a restaurant I'd be happier to see go out of business. The staff is terrible, they add gratuity, so there's nothing to work for for them. Food is ok, but the staff is the reason I would never.come.back.
4	This place is awesome they don't always have the best service but the employees are always nice and the sushi is fresh and always good. I have been to a lot of sushi around Phoenix and this is by far one of the best
4	My husband and I have been coming to this sushi restaurant for many years.  There is a wide variety of sushi rolls, and my favorite is the eel roll.  We have friends in California who visit us every December, and they always ask us to take them here for dinner. Last week, I brought a friend here for dinner.  She had never tried sushi before so we didn't order anything too exotic.. California roll, salmon, tuna and, of course, eel.  She is now a fan!  Prices are average for a Japanese restaurant.  It's the food and friendly service that keeps us coming back.
4	I just went a few days ago. I'd seen this place a lot since I got out of the Army, and wanted some good local sushi. I was very surprised to find that it is a relatively classy place in this part of town. I've also read the reviews and seen that people were irritated by the added gratuity; they removed that.All that aside, I found the host to be playfully sarcastic. Being ex-military, I enjoyed being ribbed a little about not knowing what to bring home to my mom when I told her I was doing so. "You don't know what your mother likes?" I thought it was funny.We're in Arizona, so there's no fresh coastal fish, but that didn't seem to hurt the quality of the food at all. I saw some really good specials in the place, and a very nice menu selection. The 50 States Rolls option is pretty cool.I got the Las Vegas roll and my Mom got the New Mexico roll; we both loved it. This place holds its own. I'd recommend it to anyone.
5	Fantastic service. The Sushi chefs here are hilarious and the food is amazing!! The happy hour pricing is available almost all the time, which has me buying way more than I can eat with my little family. 5 enthusiastic stars for this little gem.
5	Went here for the first time yesterday with a couple of friends. It was Thursday so it was happy hour all day. That was a wonderful surprise. We ordered the Kansas roll and sake/beer. The roll was so good we ordered another. The service was quick and friendly. There is plenty to choose from on the menu. I will be back again to try a different roll.
5	Been here a few times and each time the sushi was great! Love love love this place, it's a must try next time your in the area!
5	THIS PLACE IS AMAZING. I love this place so much where i drive from tempe to get food there! MUST TRY THIS PLACE. Great staff, great sushi, and great kitchen food. They have 5different type of tobiko! Their Sundubu is bomb.. Ask to get little bit spicy though.
5	Best "crazy roll" in town!
4	Decent sushi for the price. Awesome happy hour, but I would only go when it is happier. Full price is very expensive.
4	The Mississippi Roll. DO IT. So delicious.The fish wasn't the freshest, but all in all this is a nice little Sushi joint that has a good happy hour. Friendly waitstaff.I got sick the night I ate here, but I'm pretty sure it's because one of the rolls had avocado (I'm allergic), and I wanted to try the roll so I just took it out. There must have still been a sliver of avocado in the roll...oops!I'll be back!
