5	I live in Henderson and first started using them because 4Wheel Parts would use them in their store. Then I started going straight to them and have always loved the work they did.  I've have them do 4 of my tints and have never been disappointed. They're fast and the tint doesn't fade for a long time. I highly recommend this company if you live in the Henderson area.
5	Green Valley Tint was recommended to me from a friend who recently used them for window tinting on her car.  Always willing to visit a word-of-mouth suggestion I thought I'd give them a try when I finally broke down and decided that I would like a little shielding from the sun in my own car.  The front desk staff was friendly, they brought me right in and were done within the timeframe quoted, and the tint job looks great.  Plus, the price was about 25% less than I was expecting, bonus!  Cheers to feeling less like a frying egg when traveling in summer!
1	Customers beware. This is a business that does not stand behind the quality of their work. And their quality has gone down the drain in the last few years. I recently bought a new car and needed tinting. They tinted my previous car and was fine so I thought they'd do a good job this time too. Big mistake. Each window had anywhere from 3 to 10 bubbles. I waited about 2 weeks leaving my car parked under the sun hoping the bubbles would go away. They didn't. I brought it back for them to fixed it and was told there's nothing wrong with it. They told me this was not factory tint and that bubbles are to be expected. I'd be fine if it had 1 or 2 bubbles but not over 30 bubbles in total. In my rear right window, there's a cluster of 10 very visible bubbles. They obviously did a lousy job and are not willing to redo it. They were rude too.Don't make the same mistake I made. Avoid this company like the plague.
5	they have done four cars for us in the past 24 month. they did a good job at a reasonable price.
5	I have had several cars tinted and all have turned out great. They are fast and friendly people to work with.
5	This is the place to go to in Las Vegas/Henderson to get the windows on your car tinted. They have always done a great job on our cars and have been very good at addressing any of my wife's concerns. I would recommend this place to anyone who wants to get a little tint work done on their car.
1	Ripped me off for an expensive front hood bra they put on my Mercedes, lots of promises to fix it but they managed to NOT get it done.  Their $ 600 + service actually ruins the new paint and hood work that was done.  Wouldn't let them tint my dog house.
5	I went in this Saturday we had 2 car done in the past and we had just purchased 2 new cars. We just dropped in no appointments and they we able to get both cars done the same day and even give us a ride to pick up the other car. The tint looks great and with this heat it has made a huge difference in the car temps, no more burning my but on the seat. I recommend them to everyone I know and will keep coming back.
5	Great price, fast service, excellent job!  My husband has been wanting his windows tinted since he bought his new car in April.  Green Valley was a recommendation from a friend and very close to our house.  He went there first, asked a ton of questions, and got a quote.He attempted to get quotes elsewhere, but two other Henderson tint places where closed before closing time when he went over to get quotes.  He felt comfortable with the quote and the past job we have seen.  He went in on Saturday morning without an appointment, was told an hour and a half, and they completed the job in that time period.  Looks good and we will return for all our tinting needs.
5	Great Business!!! They did our whole house and when we had a problem with a window 4 years later they came out, were very nice, then fixed and replaced for FREE!Amazing these days. The owner is a family man and one of his sons is military just the place we want our money to go to as support. SJ Las Vegas
5	GVT couldn't be better.  They are wonderful, give great advice, do a fabulous job and are very friendly.  They will help you decide what is best for you and the products they use are the best also.  We've had 5 vehicles done and we couldn't be happier.  Ask them about the ULTRA PERFORMANCE FILM, totally cuts down on the heat in your car and on your skin.  In Vegas there is no better place to go!  HIGHLY RECOMMEND.
5	Used GVT to tint my 2014 Camaro, and had an all-around pleasant experience.  The shop is clean, the staff is friendly, and the service is delivered as promised.  Brought my car in at 9:30a, and was out the door before 11am.  The tint looks great and I have no complaints.  Awesome work!
5	I've had 6 + cars done by them over the years.  Never had a problem.  Recently I had a home intrusion while I was home during the day. I live in a relatively crime free up scale area. But I did not have a heavy security steel first door, and my home was the only one without a car in the drive way.  I've added motion detection spot lights and 4 video cameras.  BUT the back sliding door had the potential of being the weakest point of entry. I called. Green valley tint. My call was returned promptly in a very professional manner.  The options for security films were described as well as price. Yes, I did have a 40% discount coupon.  The very professional installer was here within1 hour. I was going to go with the clear film, but when the installer showed me the tinted material, that is twice as thick,  i chose it. And I'm  glad that I did. Just the amount of tint and should stop a brick from penetrating the glass. Green valley Window tinting deserves 6 stars.******
5	Awesome job. Tinted 3 south facing windows and cut the heat down bigtime. Very fast service...no complaints at all. We are very happy
5	I've taken 4 vehicles here (2 Hondas, a Camaro, and a Yukon) for window tinting and clear-bras, and have never been disappointed. I cannot begin to express how great this place is. Prompt, friendly, and just an all around great place to get your ride tinted. They have a great selection of tints and their installations are flawless. They offer specials sometimes, but even if there aren't any specials, you won't be at all disappointed with the finished results. I wouldn't take my vehicles anywhere else for tinting needs! The house is next!
