4	I can't add anything to Fiona's review, she nailed it. Good place and the burgers a famous around these parts.But The Edinburgh University Goth & Rock Society need to stop meeting in here, they've killed what was a perfectly good jukebox!!!
4	The Auld Hoose is excellent.  Located just off of the bustling hive of student frenzy that is the main streets of Newington, it offers a great alternative for those who often find themselves craving a change of scene from the mainstream unions and bars.  One of the things that dramatically stands out about this place is the music.  The jukebox is full of metal and rock, allowing a more subtle means of enjoying these genres than the more extreme establishments such as Opium on the Cowgate. The choice of drinks here is vast, lots of ales and wines are available including Hobgoblin on tap! This offers a welcome relief from the common draught lagers that are usually prominent elsewhere. There is a great variety of wines, and the choices are handsomely presented on blackboards located within.  The food is great, and the large portions offer excellent value.  A particular highlight for me would be the nachos, they are HUGE. I went with three of my other guy friends, all of whom are large loons requiring a good feed, and we struggled to finish it. They come lashed with chilli, sour cream, guacamole and a generous quantity of cheese. Delicious. I haven't tried any of the other meals on offer but scrolling down the menu there are many traditional dishes such as fish and chips and steak pie.I guess the main downside of this place is that it can sometimes seem a bit dark and claustrophobic when it gets busy. Finding seating usually isn't a problem unless you leave your arrival until quite late on Fridays or Saturdays. However, the music can sometimes be too loud and not to everyone's taste.
4	The Auld Hoose is a great pub, and despite being a off the beaten track, once found is a keeper. It is one of the few rock pubs in Edinburgh and this is immediately obvious upon entering and seeing the bar staff and customers. This is an advantage though, as there is always a community feel in there and you get very few obnoxious lads so it all lends itself to a pleasant drinking environment. This is only let down by the Jukebox; The Auld Hoose prides itself on having one of the only goth and rock jukeboxes in Edinburgh. I do love my punk and hardcore, but the music is just too loud, especially as the pub has a sit down and chat kind of vibe to it not get up and have a mosh. When the jukebox is turned down a bit though (very occasionally) it's a really good place to have a natter.They also are proud to sell real beers, not just lagers. Yes you can get a Tennents if for some unknown reason you would actually want one but they have good ales as well and one of the best pints of Guinness around. There are good bottled ciders and also Crabbies.  But the jewel in the crown is that as soon as they heard Sailor Jerry was taking the Vanilla out of its rum they bought up a load of the old style bottles so it's one of the only places in Edinburgh to get the good Sailor Jerry before it turned rubbish. You will pay a bit more here than most places for a pint but as long as you go for a good one and not just some crappy lager then it's worth it.The food is immense here as well. Students get a 10% discount but the reason it's so great is that it is huge. The plates are massive compared to other pub portions. The burgers are great as well, as is the Sunday lunch. They have platters which can easily fill two people and all for a reasonable price. Overall it is a great pub, the only downside is that the music, whilst great if you like rock and metal, is just too loud. If you get there on one of the few days where it's turned down a bit then you will find yourself in one of the best pubs around
5	The Aulde Hoose is a hilarious combination of old man pub meets metal heads. In the best possible way. There are quite a few awesome things about this pub, one of them being that it's massive, so there's pretty much always a place to sit. Another being that it has a very very good selection of ales and cidres. And and and! They serve Cairn O'Mohr by the glass, though I normally go for the whole bottle (with friends!). Ahem.Even though it's a massive space, relative to all the other good pubs in Edinburgh that tend to be quite tiny, it's not overwhelmingly huge and doesn't get obnoxiously loud. On tap, they've got a delicious cidre, the name of which escapes me, though I remember it being rare and tasty. They have Fraoch and Hobgoblin, too, which aren't that easy to find on tap anywhere in Edinburgh. Definitely stop by the Auld Hoose if you're looking for somewhere full of delicious ales to have a drink. Especially if you're in a larger kind of group.
4	I had done a little research in my quest to try out some Real Ale pubs.  Any beer fan from the US and probably all of North America will understand the novelty and interest in cask conditioned beers.  The Auld Hoose came up in my research to be within walking distance to my hotel.  So, of course my first night in Edinburgh I made a beeline straight for this establishment.It was early on a Wednesday evening so the place wasn't packed.  There were a few tables occupied and at that moment it was nice and quiet.  As I had expected, I had several real ales available to try.  Since I'm not local, I asked the bartender about my options and he happily helped me with my choice.  My group and I were only a little hungry so we thought we'd have a few items to share while enjoying our beers.   Ok so I'm from Texas which is arguably the world epicenter for tortilla chips, salsa and nachos.  Please don't laugh when you learn that yes I did order their nachos.  It was part curiosity and part frustration with my group's different eating preferences.  So yes, the Texan in Edinburgh kicked off his first night with...nachos.  If you've ever played Jenga, that's what these nachos reminded me of.  The sizable plate was stacked dangerously high.  Fortunately, the mass did not collapse and fall on the floor while we strategically snagged bites to eat.  You know what?  These nachos  were also pretty good.  Definitely not Tex-Mex, but still tasty and better than I had expected.The other reviewers were spot on with the music played here. It's definitely not easy listening but it also wasn't being blasted either.  It was easy to have conversation.  So even if you're not a fan of heavier rock music, I don't think you'd be too put off visiting at this time of day.My only complaint was the name. Every time I said the "Auld Hoose" it sounded like I was trying to speak with a very bad Scottish accent.  Actually, I secretly loved that part...hehe  This place delivered what I expected.  I got to relax for a bit, enjoy some real ales and snack.  This is a place to visit and visit again.
4	Of all the metal/rock/alternative bars I go to this is likely the one I nip into most. It is close to my work and next door to possibly my favourite Indian (Kismot) so it has an added convenience factor.Recently repainted a more gothic inspired purple outside the Auld Hoose is also a proper pub, keeping good beer (Hoegaarden and real ale) and cider (Addlestones) and spirits.The Hoose also provide some proper "Man Vs Food" style portions of tasty pub grub. The nachos clearly stand out but even the steak pie or chili will fill you to the brim. I also like the jukebox, it is the proper CD playing kind and has a little sign requesting that folks don't repeat an artist/tune meaning the music (while all industrial, rock, metal or goth) is ever changing.So there we are, good drinks, food and music, go on give it a try.
5	Well kept beers, both regular and guest ales. A fine whisky list too. Simple pub grub but in large portions for very reasonable prices. Beware, if ordering the large nachos bring friends, lots of them...A great metal/punk/industrial/goth juke box keeps the alternative crowd and student regulars happy.
5	This was my regular haunt while studying at the University of Edinburgh.  Couldn't be beat for a pint or a dram, and above all else their Mega Nachos.  So good they deserved capitalization.  I miss this place just thinking about it.  The bartenders felt like friends and the atmosphere was relaxed but upbeat.
5	No. I'm not a lagerboyWell...more likely, not a "lager-auld-boy", if age still matters :)My intention, going to the Auld Hoose, was to try a genuine and traditional Scottish Breakfast. The place looks happily aged and the people at the tables on the left of the entrance, under the direct daylight looked happy (and chatty) as well. I went on the rightside (where daylight looked like an exotic promise) not because I love the cosy darkness, but because there I saw some smaller tables, good for a single tourist like me.Before I was able to understand how the ordering policy was, a very friendly bartender was waving his hand asking me if I wanted something to drink (now I know that I should have ordered at the bar desk :/). Firstly I ordered the desired Scottish breakfast, then I asked him for an advice about beers and ales on tap. His answer was effective and tasty. He simply took two glasses, describing the flavours of a couple of hand pulled nectars he kindly pushed towards me.Both were delicious. I chose the Hobgoblin because I thought it could be the best option to drink with the breakfast. This choice made me desert the field of the lagerboys :)The food was less memorable, but good enough. The slice of haggis was the best part of the dish, in my opinion. Haggis has been a great surprise and a wonderful one. I never suspected that from those ingredients it was possible to create such a flavourful "delicatessen".Great beers, good food, friendly atmosphere, music not too loud it's all what I was hoping to find, and I found it all.
4	Beer rocksNever knew there was an awesome rock bar so close to my flat, and my life is better for it! So on the pub crawl with my Aberdonian chums, this is pub two, and it was a bit of a suck it and see approach. I knew it was somewhere near us and luckily we found it thanks to dumb luck, we were pleasantly surprised.It's a traditional decor, dark wood with wee stools and archaic lamp shades. A long island bar with a glorious single real ale pump, serving nuclear craft ales, this session was Tiny Rebel's Hadouken, and it was like a drop kick in the face. The staff were suitably punk, and I'm not talking brew dog hipster punk either.Now, the special thing here is the jukebox, its jam packed with some of the most awesome rock and punk albums ever, and one of my drinking companions could have spent a fortune on it. Lucky for him we were on a strict 2 beer max per pub rule.I want to go back to this pub on a Friday night and meet some of the locals, I think this would lead to some great drinking stories. Awesome selection of shots etc also...
4	Is student friendly...Good prices on single malt...Don't miss the nachos!
4	Really GREAT local pub and dog friendly! winner!They play good music, serve proper beer and the wine is alright too. Now the food is real pub grub but the nachos... oh my word what a portion! (we ate it all though) Really oddly they didnt put any salsa on them which left me a little heartbroken but they were a treat.
4	As locals go, this one is probably hard to beat. I liked the vibe and clientele (mostly students but good craic and atmosphere) and the bar looked well stocked and plentiful. Where this place excelled was its food. I ordered a veggie burrito and it was damn fine. Daaaaaamn fine. The plate was rammed with a massive burrito, loads of rice and sauces to boot. Hugely enjoyable pub grub. Pals ordered a plate of nachos and they were the largest mountain of chips and topping I've seen for the price. They looked amazing! So in short this is the place to come to catch up with pals and get fed to bursting. Yum!
5	Great pub in many ways. The food is great--nachos and a haggis are enough for two to share. They've got a couple of different ciders, one still and one sparkling, both pleasantly dry.Wonderful place to get away from tourists, most of the folks there are university students.
3	Not the best looking pub, but nice enough.We found one staff member very nice and helpful and the other not that great. He seemed to be working alone at the time he served us and the pub was busy, so maybe that's why.The range of drinks wasn't the best but sufficient for a quick drink and rest after climbing Arthur's Seat.Feeling a bit peckish we ordered the giant nachos... And they were huge! They easily served the 7 of us.We did ask for more sour cream and guacamole as half way through there were loads of tortilla chips left but not as much topping. We had to pay extra for this - it would have been nice customer service just to add a little more and no charge in my opinion.When checking in we received a free shot of Sake. Nice to have a freebie but thought Sake was a bit random. We received a 10% student discount on the nachos which was handy.All in all okay, but I wouldn't rush back.
