5	If you're in need for a top notch  home theater system consult or installation then Randazzo's Home Systems is the top choice! The owner, Steve Randazzo, is experienced, exremely knowledgeable and can be trusted to provide you with great recommendations and solutions for your any of your home entertainment system needs. He's not only fast and proficient, but does a great job with delivering outstanding customer service!!
5	I am personally very specific (likely obsessive) about all things A/V, and when remodeling our home, I knew that if done right, it would be my favorite part of the house.  After doing a significant amount of research into multiple local A/V and home automation companies, Randazzo's was the clear choice.  My first impression of Randazzo's Home Systems was great.  The owner, Steve, showed up promptly at our scheduled time (where others had not), was professional, courteous, clearly knowledgeable, and took the time to answer all of my questions in detail.  What really stood out to me was the fact that Steve designed a system around exactly what I described to him, and did not recommend or quote me on items/components that were not needed or overkill (as others had).  Steve was clearly vested and interested not only in delivering a great looking and sounding system, based on exactly what my family and I wanted, but his continued service long after installation has been phenomenal.  The finished product exceeded my already high expectations, and we constantly receive complements from house guests on how great our system is and on functions they didn't realize were even possible.  We could not be happier with our A/V system from Randazzo's Home Systems.
5	Got HD? Randazzo's Home Systems Does!!!  RHS did our complete office setup and we were so pleased he has now done our homes and most of our family's homes for over 10 years.  Steve is meticulous and leaves your place looking cleaner than when he got there.  I highly recommend his services.  Feel free to shoot me a message if you have more direct questions on my experience.  He is also a huge part of Barrett Jackson every year.
