5	How To UYE: Bingo With Khatherine T. and the Yeeps-First, have dinner at the designated restaurant.  My first experience with UYE Bingo, we dined at Sushi House Goyemon. Last night, we ate at Cornish Pasty.  It was my first time at both establishments and so far have been delicious ways to kick off game night.- Trek over to the South Point Casino and head up to the bingo hall on the second floor, near the movie theaters.  We've been going to the 9:00pm game on Saturday nights, so we've arrived around 8:30pm to get in line and purchase the necessities.  Khatherine always tells me what to do since I am no bingo expert.  I get the small rainbow pack with double action; just repeat that phrase to the person at the window, give he/she your cash, and receive your pack of bingo sheets if you choose paper to daub or get a receipt if you choose the electronic machine that does all the work, no dauber required.  The first time I came to bingo, I used a dauber and found it to be a little stressful and not so fun when Christie O. was sitting next to me and playing on her cellphone while I tried to concentrate and find the numbers to daub.  I paid the extra $2 last night for the machine and had more fun because I got to take pictures, text my BFFs, order more drinks, look around at all the bingo players (who are a motley bunch), and wait for my machine to sing to me. It must have had laryngitis because it didn't, but I'm not going to give up hope.  Whenever Khatherine hosts bingo night, you should join in the fun.  The first time I went, no one in our group won, but last night Sylvia Q. and Ife A. had machines that sung to them, which meant that they were winners!  - Last tip:  you are supposed to actually yell, "BINGO!" loudly if you win.  If you do not, one of the South Point bingo crew will admonish you for failing to do so.  Waving your hands in the air like you just don't care or twerking are apparently not acceptable methods of telling everyone that you are a winner.Hope to see you at the next UYE!
5	I finally got the chance to attend a Bingo UYE with Khatherine T. and a full table of Yelpers.  What fun!  Since several of us were going to see the Spazmatics in the showroom after bingo, we were encouraged to dress 80s style.It was interesting to see how some people came to bingo.  Not just our group, but others who were also going to see the Spazmatics.After getting our tables under the large chandelier, Sylvia Q. went and got reserved signs to hold our seats.  Then a short wait in line to get our bingo games, pick up our electronic bingo machines, and we were ready to go.  The technology has improved so much you really have nothing to do but watch your screen and swear--well perhaps!With the electronic machines, we were able to chat, laugh, and make fun of our friends.What a great way to spend an hour with some very fun and nice people!  I hope I can make the next one!
5	The stereotype of bingo being just for old people doesn't exist in my mind anymore. What a fun night. Get there a bit early to line up to get your cards or machine. I am old school so I opted for the paper cards. Get those complimentary drinks beforehand and get ready! Playing can be a bit hectic if you are a newcomer but it was easy to catch on. The smoke that wafted over was a bit much even though we were sitting on the non smoking side. But other than that.. a quick hour of fun with all your friends and the possibility of winning- can't be beat!
