2	I should heed the warning...don't go to sandwich shops for their anniversary special!Schlotzskys has turned 40...and they had an offering of a small original sandwich for $1.99.  In the growing up years, Schlotzskys held a special place in my world.  Their bread was fresh, their toppings generous and the fact that they were one of the first restaurants to grill their sandwiches, they were unique.  From age 12-18, my birthday dinner desires were all fulfilled at Schlotzskys.Fast-forward 2 decades...The original sandwiches are still available.   The location in Tempe, unfortunately, is closed for a remodel.  Discovering this, I returned home to look up another location.  The tossup between 44th and Thomas and Warner and Alma School...!  As I'm at Baseline and Mill, the biggest consideration was traffic.  At 7 PM on a Tuesday, I figured the run east would be easier.I drove...and got to the store 7:20 PM.  On walking in, while the exterior of the location is kind of dark, the interior certainly works.  Recessed lighting, the feeling of faux rustic in appetite-stimulating colors...tables full of folks eating many discounted sandwiches...it felt like a good location for serious sandwich aficionados.When I got to the register, the guy before me had been courteously rejected when he asked to order 10 of the discount sandwiches to go.  In placing my order with the manager/owner? I requested 3 small originals (the offering advertised).  My preference for the jalapeno cheddar bread was greeted with an expression of relief.  Other customization: no lettuce, extra onion, extra olive and add jalapeno on each.  10 minutes later, my sandwiches are bagged and ready.  Driving home, the aroma of toasted bread and warm meat, along with savories tempted me to dig into the bag.  I resisted, as this was dinner for me and mine.  Arriving at home, I brought the conquest in.  Unwrapping the first, I observed no jalapeno or cheese on the bread.  On taking a bite, there was no indication of significant onion, olive or jalapeno.  Lowering the sandwich and taking the top off was a disappointment.  1 slice of tomato, a scattering of onion and olives, and no jalapeno.  The receipt showed the order correctly, but the end result did not match.After the unfortunate discovery, I called the restaurant.  As the person who answered had a very thick hispanic accent, I knew I was not talking to the manager/owner, who is working to lose her Brooklyn accent.  I asked for the manager, and on she came.  In advising the sandwiches are incorrect, she asked me to return the sandwiches...so she could make it right.  I advised that this would be 40 minutes round-trip, and I would not be back in the neighborhood until next week.  She suggested I freeze the incorrect product and bring it when I get into the neighborhood...she will make it right.I appreciate the effort to fix an order that's wrong...so I will return the remaining incorrect sandwiches.  Here's to hoping I can upgrade this review from 2 stars...!
4	They made it right!I took the incorrect sandwiches back to the store.  The manager took them out of the bag,  verified the wrong bread and missing toppings, then she went back and made the two sandwiches again, with the right bread and toppings.  She also upsized from the small, which was the anniversary special, to medium.
3	Was getting my car washed and this place is next door. When I walked in it was obviously my first time there ( I was giving the menu a squinty eyed look and looking around a lot. ) I then asked if there was anything in particular I should try, the cashier did give a suggestion and knew the menu well. The sandwiches are hot also in case you were wondering. Took roughly 4-5 minutes and I was out of there.. I tried the sandwich upon arriving at home, and it was.... decent i suppose. My stomach had been a bit topsy turny lately so I blamed it mostly on that... I suppose ill be back sooner or later.. but not going out of my way.
4	Always a good sandwich. Chips and pizza also good. New ice cream desserts offered now.
2	Closed
