4	The Penguin is a great place for a bite to eat, but make sure you have time to enjoy it - because you might have to wait on a table.  If your party is small, the bar is a good place to eat too.  Check out the sweet potato fries and the black bean burger, you can't get anything like them anywhere else in Charlotte.
4	The Penguin is great for everything from lunch to late night.  The bar is great at night and the crowd is mainly locals and neighborhood kids.  The pimento cheese and friend pickles are both awesome, and they serve food late which is convenient.  A great place to go if you want to party hard on any holiday, from Halloween to the Fourth of July.  Go on a Saturday night around midnight and expect a packed bar full of drunk people no matter what time of year it is.
5	Best hangover food in CLT hands down!!!  it is greesey and good... it is not the nicest place in the world but the food is wicked and service is super quick... you need to get there early... on the weekends there is a line to get in before they even open!!!  but the food is worth it... i like the souther style small blck with cheese....
4	This place gets packed at night and they also get a fun mix on sunday's for lunch.  The bar has a typical biker crowd coupled with the after church crowd, there's always a wait, but it's fun to see all these people in the same place at the same time.  You then understand why they are all waiting when you get your food, their burgers are great and they have alot of veggie options if you don't do the meat thing.And it might not sound delicious to everyone, but at least try the fried pickles with ranch dipping sauce, ummmmmmm
4	Good luck finding a parking space. This is an old building with the character of a 50's type luncheonette. Huge Line, and we came right behind a fire engine with about 8 firemen. (so we knew that cheap, good food was on the way)Fried pickles and peanut butter and banana sandwiches-fried, of course-this is an Elvis-type place.
5	Sweet Tea, Fried Pickles and the Small Block Burger - souther style, of course- (mustard, white slaw and chili) w/ a side of sweet potato fries. So so good. Great hang over spot. Just the right amount a grease!Prepare to stand in lines. Prices:$2.75 for small block (1/3 lb) burger$2.95 Fried Pickles
5	I'd heard all the rage about Penguin, and had tried to eat there quite a few times to no avail because of the long line, but after eating there on Sunday afternoon, I now understand why. Great diner atmosphere complete with a fantastic wait staff and all the while with a simple southern charm - love love love it. My friend and I got lucky and scored seats at the bar right away. I ordered the some sweet tea, the falafel sandwich on pita - he got a burger - and we split some fries. Neither of us could even touch the fries because we were so full at that point. Great food, cheap, awesome atmosphere and fantastic wait staff with attitude - I'll be back the next time I'm in Charlotte-
5	Penguin is the $hit if you're wanting some good, greasy burgers, dogs or fried pickles...Best in town, no doubt about it!!  Great location, too, as it's right off Thomas and Central...so, after you grab a bit go walk around a shop a bit on Central.  Wait staff is very good and quick, as well.  The only drawback to the place is everyone in the city knows how great it is...parking is difficult and the small room for seating means it's both tough to get to and sometimes long waits.But trust me...it's absolutely worth it!
4	I have to bust out the four stars for this place. There comes a time when a trendy niche spot become too trendy. At lunch you'll see old couples, bankers, and punk kids sitting down at the same place. Its almost surreal, but at night it'd mainly very smoke filled.      After moving from Vegas four years ago, I'm glad i found this place to quail my In-n-Out Burger obsessions.  Their fries are often overly oily and if you get their chicken fingers which are really good, they let them drip dry onto your fries.  So, I'd highly recommend trying their brunswick stew if a 3000 calorie meal isnt your thing. Also check out the Penguin  off hours unless you like to wait in line or eat in a heavily smoked filled room during  dinner time.     I haven't been brave enough to follow Elvis' coronary desires with the fried peanut butter and banana sandwiches, but any places that has that on the menu is just plain cool.  Bring some spare change as well and play some old western tunese on the jukebox.
4	Great Burgers, fried pickles are OK, cool to try for the first time, but a little greasy to get every time, they also have really good thin sliced onion rings here too.  Cool hipster, punk rock crowd and a staff covered in permanent ink adds to the flavor of this long time Charlotte hang out.  The Penguin also serves up some of the best Bloody Mary's I've ever had, strong, spicy, and with a nice chunk of celery to stir it all up, a great place to grab lunch after a night on the town...but be careful ordering all that fried fare, take my advice and don't OD on all of their delicious fried foods... sure its delicious, but one or two fried baskets will do trust me...it does not make for a pleasant drive home.
5	i love you penguin. i love your fried pickles. you are one good reason to visit my hometown.
5	My husband and I nodded in agreement as soon as we walked in the door. Yep, this place is The Pike of the South. See http://www.myspace.com/thepike for reference. That's our favorite local bar/grill/jukebox/hangout/burger/cruise-in spot here in Cali. The Penguin In is Charlotte's answer, and what a good answer it is!The burger is great, the onion rings are great, the beer is cold, the jukebox is good, and the place is tiny enough to feel like a party with only 8 tables full. A wait forms quickly, but everyone seems to be enjoying themselves so much that it's not like waiting for a table anywhere else.This is a great place to meet a group of friends - or make new ones.
5	Maybe I go at a different time than a lot of the people writing reviews, but I've never had a problem parking here.  The stores in the lot across the street are usually closed by the time I get there, plus there is street parking on Thomas and Commonwealth and parking in front of the restaurant.Fried pickles are easily the best in Charlotte and you'll probably not be able to finish the full order unless you have at least 3-4 people.  I'm not a big burger fan and would love if they added turkey or bison burgers to their menu.  Sweet potato fries are good but not the best I've ever had, while the hushpuppies could rival any I've had at BBQ places.Overall, good variety in their menu but they could have a couple more chicken entrees.  The lines are long, on the weekend nights especially, but well worth it.  Wait staff is awesome and attentive.
4	I grew up in the (now demolished) Morningside Apts. right up the road from here and the Penguin has always been a great place for a burger or hotdog. Their renovation really changed the place, but I think the new management has kept the authenticity alive. The menu also offers some variety and a break from more traditional burger joints. I will say that the crowd has changed a lot-where there used to be bikers and drunks looking for $1.25 BBQ sandwiches there are now socialites looking to be trendy.
5	If you're looking for an unforgettable burger, go to The Counter.If you're looking for a sloppy (in a good way) diner burger, unbelievable prices, and authentic dive atmosphere, go to Penguin.$2.50 super-cold Coors Light 24 oz-ers, piping hot hushpuppies, bands you only wish you'd heard of before on the juke box, and, of course the dopest mascot of any restaurant in all of the Queen City...I left smelling like smoke and feeling guilty for not having any tattoos, but any less, and I would have felt like I had been shorted.PENGUIN HAIKUHamburger sammich?From flightless tuxedo bird?Whole...nuh-va...le-vuhl.
5	My rule of thumb is that you'll send twice as long waiting for your table as you will enjoying your meal -- and the meal will make it worth it. Order take-out if you're in a hurry.
2	As a former sous chef I have to say, the only reason this place gets two stars is just for the atmosphere -- the food is awful.  People who state they have the best burgers in town have never had a good burger.  Good burgers are not dry and hard like a hockey puck, and great burgers can be cooked to order.  Cooking below medium-well is against the law here, but the cooks at the Penguin do not need to press every bit of juice out that they can.  The fried pickles are too salty -- meaning pickles are salty enough on their own, so the batter and dressing should have no salt or at least low salt.  Almost all food is luke-warm.  I have eaten there numerous times with people who insisted I just hit the place at the wrong time.  They were wrong.
4	Mmmmmm......Penguin.  A former drive-in that's trying really hard to be funky....I definitely give them an A for effort.  One of the first places I came to eat when I moved to Charlotte because, yep, you guessed it......I saw it on the Food Network!  The most delicious fried pickles I have ever had....even good the next night re-heated in the oven after several beers.  The cheeseburgers are also excellent and the falafal is nothing to sneeze at.   Overcrowded?  Yes.  Tiny?  Yes.   But, for diner fare at a good price, it's hard to beat this little dive overrun with nostalgia.  Try the pimento cheese.....it's the bomb yo.
4	It's just plain greasy fun!  The fried pickles are GREAT.  The servers and patrons are the real show here....a mix of Myers Park geeks, and funkadelic freaks!  The jukebox is pretty groovy as well!
5	A Charlotte classic!  Not for the feint of heart or those on a diet.  This is your standard greasy spoon dive.  Great burgers, fried pickles, and other assorted grub.  Was spotlighted on Diners, Drive-ins, & Dives a couple of years back.
5	The Penguin is a daytime, hipster Waffle House with much better quality of food.  However, there is always a line during the weekend, so you should bring a book or a newspaper along and prepare to wait.  Don't be discouraged though, because the wait is well worth it.  The Penguin is packed with many interesting people and the staff is always right at your service.  I would recommend this place for families during the day, and Pabst Blue Ribbon drinkers at night.
5	Perhaps the most famous restaurant on Thomas St, The Penguin serves it up hot and greasy to every demographic. It's easy to spot a few scenesters enjoying a PBR, while mom and dad finish their Winky Dinky dogs (yes, hot dogs with pimento cheese, so so good).Everyone already knows about the Penguin and that doesn't (always) work to your advantage. Get there early  to miss the lunch and dinner rushes, and order some fried pickles to start things off. If you're down with Rockabilly, you won't mind the loud Johnny Cash, but if not, at least stop by to enjoy the food this famous greasy spoon has to offer.P.S. sweet potato fries +1
5	Well the word has been out about the Penguin for some time now, so don't expect to find a seat without a wait. But while the lunch crowds may be out the door, it is well worth the wait. From the outside, you may ask yourself if you should turn around, & it doesn't get much nicer inside. But once you taste the food you'll be glad you came. I've only ever ordered the burger & for good reason. Why would I order anything else when it's the best burger in town. They have all sizes, with the smallest burger still being a beast. They make their own patties & you can definitely tell, you won't find a better burger.So check out the Penguin & I suggest the burgers, but I'm sure the other stuff on the menu is just as good.
4	The Penguin is one of the first places I ate when I moved to Charlotte 2 years ago, and it's a place I return to regularly. While it can get a little overwhelming for late-night when the hipsters come out to prowl, you can't beat the casual environment, the fantastic food, and the friendly service. The Penguin veggie burger is one of the best I've ever had. It's got this spicy mayonnaise that makes it all stick together, and it's a homemade patty instead of the standard Morningstar Farms Griller that most restaurants serve. You can't pass up their fried pickles, either...I tend to overdo it with the pickles and leave the Penguin feeling a little sick, but that's my fault, not the pickles'. They're just that good!When people come to visit, the Penguin is one of the first places I take them. It makes Charlotte seem cooler than it really is, as a lot of the town's cool is concentrated in this area. It can get crowded at nights and on the weekends, so have some time if you're going to go for dinner. If you call stuff in ahead of time, you can get takeout reasonably quickly without having to fight the crowd. The cigarette smoke can be a little intense for late-night; so if you're a smoker, it's great for you...if you're not, you might have to hang your head out the door to gasp for air. Overall, though, this is a Charlotte institution, and it's reputation and success is well-deserved.
4	The Penguin has the best burgers in town! I usually get mine "southern style" . It's a small place, so there's usually a wait. But, I don't mind waiting because the food is soo good! They have a nice bar selection as well. It's also in a cool, eclectic area in Charlotte.
4	Where else can you get huge greasy burgers, fried pickles, and liquor drinks?!  This place is a local favorite for good reason.  Also a great jukebox.
2	It's a cool place to go grab a drink with friends and wolf down some greasy food. The atmosphere is definitely "ironic-hipster on cocaine", at least on weekend nights. It's an interesting confluence of elements, and certainly one of our areas more famous diners, so it's worth checking out at least once.I usually end up there at least once a month at the urging of drunk friends, which is fine because I don't really hate the place. Ultimately, though, (and I swear I'm not that old) I just feel that it's too loud, too crowded, and that the food is only mediocre. If you're not a drunken hipster or just really hungry and walking past the place, then I really can't recommend the Penguin.My food experiences were mostly ok, but never anything special. The burgers are fairly generic, with meat flavor that rates about the same as most fast-food joints. The corn-dog was pretty good, but it's kind of hard to screw those up. The bbq sandwich was decent, but below average for this area. And the steak sandwich I had was downright crappy. So to sum up, not terrible if you're in the mood, but don't go out of your way for this place.
4	Deep-fried pickles?  Check.Ultra cheap beers?  Check.Everything too sloppy to eat by hand?  Check.Wait-staff that looks like a bunch of myopic Jr. Varsity Hell's Angels?   Check.All systems go!  Blast off into the greasy heavens!
3	Great place to grab some cheap beer and cheap food. As one would expect, fried food reigns and it's very easy to leave the Penguin emulating Fred Sanford clutching his chest. I've definitely had better diner/dive food, but the Penguin is worth a stop if only for the friendly staff and cheap beer.
4	This place is awesome and has a really old-school authentic Charlotte feel, which you'll understand as soon as you walk in to this diner-type place. Again, it's not far from downtown so it's easy to get to--and definitely good for a mix-things-up lunch. Fried pickles, if you've never tried them, are a specialty here, and they're amazing, if a little strange. and probably not that healthy. I love their burgers, but they have tons of great chicken sandwiches as well as bbq type options (pulled pork, great cole slaw, that sorta thing). Not a lot of healthy options, but that's not why you're there. Grab a cheap beer, a cheap burger, maybe some cheese fries or sweet potato fries, and be happy.
4	The wait is pretty long but if you are a fan of a piece of greasy Americana, this is the place for you! The sweet potato fries and fried pickles are a guilty pleasure. The wait staff was friendly and the jukebox selection is to die for!
2	We decided to try the Penguin "diner" once for "brunch."  The restaurant didn't open when we thought it might for brunch (I think it might have been noon?) and then there was a rush of people to be seated.  Thankfully, we were near the front of the crowd and got seated.  We got our brunch menus and found that...brunch consisted of their lunch menu.  No egg dishes.  So we had hot dogs for brunch.  The hot dog with pimiento cheese and chili sounded yummy, but it felt kind of awkward ordering the "Winky Dinky Dog" from the tattooed, pierced waitress.  We passed on their unique fried pickles (I don't care for regular pickles, so I don't think I'd like 'em breaded and dipped in grease!).  If I was younger (and I mean really young), I might enjoy the Penguin more, but the air was stale, the room was small, the food was average, the "diner" was more like a shack, and the brunch...wasn't brunch.
5	I'm a fan of superheroes: comics, movies, you name it. Typically, you'lll find me in a big debate on superhero powers: invisibility vs. flying. Tonight, I longed for bionic arteries that could withstand daily dosages of Penguin's delectable greasy food. Penguins is an "establishment." Landmark restaurant, arguably in a historic location, complete with the tiniest, antiquated porcelain drinking fountain , fit only for pygmies, out front. It feels more like a bar than a restaurant inside. Lots of wood on the walls and bar, a jukebox blaring David Bowie, Foo Fighters and some hairbands. The burgers are straightforward and delicious. Soft, moist bun, lettuce, tomato and a hand-shaped burger patty, that tastes like the heralded In-N-Out burger on crack. The Ribeye Sandwich is surprisingly delicious. Horseradish mayo compliments the tender beef, a messy mass of perfection. The stars of the show are their generously portioned, translucent tissue paper inducing, greasy sides. We ordered sweet potato fries and thin onion strings. The sweet potato fries, when dipped into honey mustard sauce are addictive. Although not super crisp or battered, the sweet potato flavor rings through. The onion strings were lightly battered, sweet and tasty. They are the kind that are just oniony enough to satisfy, but not too oniony where you'd run for some mouthwash right after.  I seriously could imagine me pounding both down after a night of drinking. Speaking of which, beers: $2 domestics, $3.50 imports. Not bad. Rarely will I take leftover fried food to go, but I took a box home tonight. Hoping somehow the oven will revive the amazing cravability factor of my onion rings and sweet potato fries. 3 beers, 2 entrees, 2 sides (lots leftover) $24.
5	Love, love, love the penguin!  I can't wait to come home for Turkey Day and grab some fried pickles and a burger!Much love!
4	With an abundance of deep-fried food, cheep beer and eclectic clientele, the Penguin Drive-In is the definition of a dive bar.  If you come expecting anything else, you will be disappointed.  If you're looking for some greasy, deep-fried comfort food, you will be ecstatic.  This busy, crowded establishment really knows how to pack them in and the service is very good for as many people as they push through their 15-20 tables.  I went for just the second time yesterday with a party of four adults and three young children (3, 3 and 6). We started with the fried pickles.  The first time I saw these on the menu, I didn't think there was any way that they would be good.  Since then, I've had them at several places and crave them constantly.  The Penguins are definitely the best.  So much so, we ended up getting a second order for the table.  The burgers are above average, but not the best I've ever had.  The onion rings (which are really more like onion straws) and the sweet potato fries, however, are insanely good. The Penguin is a great place to stop when you're in Charlotte and succeeds in everything it sets out to do.  Large groups can be difficult due to space constraints, but this is definitely a place you want to share with friends.  Everyone in our group had a great time, and despite what other reviewers have said, the Penguin is quite kid friendly for lunch.  With french fries, onion rings and corn dogs, all three kids were very happy.
2	I've been going to the PEnguin since Greg, Brian & Jimmy re-opened it in 1998-99 and have been one of their biggest supporters, and turned a ton of folks onto them, and have become extremely disillusioned with them in the last year or so...and since they must have taken down their website, i was hoping to get confimation of my opinion on them from other regulars and maybe someone will pass this along to 'em.1st of all the food was and is GREAT, no problems there...my complaint is the way you get treated when you go there and the waitstaff you deal with now....they've always been a  place where during peak hrs they gave the impression they want you to eat and go, and i know about turning tabletops in restaurants, but now they seem to want you to go before u sit down, very rude and abruptadd to that that none of the owners are there much anymore, and most of all the old waitstaff we all love have left (where are you, Nikki, my love?) or Jenny or any of them that we depended on being there...it just seems like its lost a lot of its personality and isn't a MUST GO TO place as it was even a few yrs back...anyone else experience this?, this loss of familiarity, for a better word?ALSO would SOMEONE please tell the owners to get people to work the seating list who have a clue (this is aimed toward the older, bald, short troll-like guy who has zero personality)..we were in there a cpl mo's ago and had 7 people...the big booth came open, there were 2 PEOPLE in front of us, they gave them the huge booth for 2 people, when we (a 7 top) were next, and tables were being cleaned as we argued w/the troll guy...i ended up buying the guys a round to let us sit there, and some of the folks we had were newbies so they were very unimpressed, and haven't been backanyone else feel any of this, that its lost some of its charm lately...as i said, for food it can't be beat but i'll hang somewhere like THE THIRSTY BEAVER where they act like they like u there
5	I lived in Charlotte for two years, and pined for Denver the entire time. When I finally moved back, The Penguin, is really the only thing about Charlotte I miss, and remember fondly. The atmosphere is cool, and divey just the way I like it, and the food is spectacular. I have never had anything come close to being as good as their black bean burger or fried pickles. I spent many awesome nights at the Penguin, and wish that I could transport it to Denver. Unfortunately, since that probably won't happen, I'll just have to stick with the impeccable memories.I love you penguin.
5	The Penguin is my MUST-eat stop when we have visitors to Charlotte. It just has such a unique feel. Although it has a small dining area, employees are seemingly required to have a tattoo, and it'll typically have a lunchtime horde of folks waiting for a table outside, we'll keep coming back. Things i love about the Penguin:1. Service. It seems like they tag-team every table. Any employee that passes your table will offer you drink refills or get you what you need. 2. Prices. Good prices on food. Cheap drink prices: $1.50 draft Yuengling and Shocktop ((Shocktop may have ended in December?)) 3. Food. My old standby is the Winky Dinky Dog (chili and pimento cheese hot dog) and sweet potato fries cause they are awesome. i tried a ribeye sandwich and thought it was pretty good, the onions on it were really tasty.SUMMARY: If i want to take visitors somewhere unique to Charlotte, this is the place. Don't let the line outside scare you, the quick service turns the limited tables pretty quickly. Enjoy.
5	This is the best spot I've found in Charlotte for getting a burger.The Onion Rings are amazing.The Hush Puppies are plentiful.The Fries are crinkle cut (which is the most negative thing I can say about the Penguin).The Burgers are tasty.The Beer is cheap!Last, but not least, TRY THE BANANA PUDDING... thank me later.
2	I have gone here three times now, because everyone talks about it soo much. I have ordered something different everytime and I just don't see what the hype is about.  The fried pickles are good and thats about it.Maybe I will try one more time and try the banana pudding?
4	Best falafel I've ever had. The atmosphere is fantastic and it's in my favorite neighborhood in Charlotte. This is my favorite restaurant to visit when I'm in Charlotte. Now, there is a rather simple reason for not giving it three stars. For an establishment that serves so much alcohol, it's rather unfortunate that the grill closes at midnight. Maybe it's because I'm not a local, but I'm not used to that but, aesthetically, the place looks like more of a diner than a bar, so I expected to be able to stop here after the other bars were closed. I feel that it's bad for business, but good for the employees. Heh. Either way, I'll keep coming back.
5	The Penguin is one of two or three of my favorites places to eat when I go home to Charlotte to visit my mom and dad.  (The others will probably be reviewed sometime in the future.)I know what your saying... Penguin?  what?  what does that have to do with good food?  Let me tell you, its a little something called fried pickles with ranch dressing, hushpuppies, onion rings, and one damn good burger!Everything is made fresh and comes out hot and yummy.  I love to get a cheeseburger (sometimes with chili and slaw) and start out with the fried pickles and top it all off with a PBR tall boy or a Yuengling.  This is one of those classic dive bars in the artistic area of town - great for grabbing something up until about midnight.  The Penguin has a great atmosphere with all kinds of people, a small bar area.  This is one of those places where you might want to plan on waiting for a little while, especially if you go on a weekend night.  By far one of the most best classic places to eat in Charlotte.
4	I felt like i had won the lottery because I found a parking space during lunch hour on a friday (around 1:30pm) and walked in and placed my "to go" right away ( what luck!).  I ordered a Southern Style Big Block burger, onion rings and i was curious so I ordered the fried pickles too.  The burger and onion rings were great.  The fried pickles were a litlle salty for my taste, but everyone in the place was ordering them so I guess they are great too! I like the taste of their coleslaw on the burger and I like the "Live and Let Live" atmosphere of the place.  The staff seems to work well together and I can see why it stays crowded.  It's very comfortable vibe with tasty burgers and real people.
5	Great dive place with an amazing atmosphere..... burger was great..corndog was like the ones i would get at the fair as a kid...
5	Oh hell yes:Fried dill pickles? check.Cheap beer? check.While its always packed, and I mean always, we'll stand around for as long as it takes to get a seat. Jukebox is classic, food is cheap and fried (great ranch here) AND veggie friendly (jumbo soy dog, yes yes), wait staff is rad. Not like the Penguin needs anyone else blowing it up, but this is a place you can't miss. Super comfy + cheap = win.
5	A staple in Charlotte food culture.  Tattooed waitresses and cigarette smoke mixed with artery-clogging, inexpensive and satisfying food.  You'll have to leave your monocle at home for this one.   Service is uncharacteristically good for a venue of this type.  When the gent who's wiping down tables asks you if you need another beer on his way back to the kitchen, you know the working culture is positive.  The Beer list offers a good mixture.  With options ranging from Schlitz for $1 and Bud Light tall-boys for $2, to Shock Top, Yuengling and Guinness on tap.  Check the chalk board for specials and special beers.The crowd ranges from middle-aged bankers to college kids and bearded beatniks.  If you're looking for the a cold, cheap beer and the best fried pickles in town, The Penguin is your place.
5	Any place that serves Corn Dogs and Banana Pudding is always a winner for me. Has one of the best Juke Boxes in the city. I have never had a bad experience here. Watch out for Friday and Saturday evenings because it gets busy fast.
5	I went here with a date when I was in town after I saw this on yelp!! 64+ reviews, I knew i had to give this place a try! I got the pimento cheeseburger. omg. i have never had pimento cheese but it was oh so delicious. our server was very friendly, we got our food fast and hush puppies, wow were they delicious. piping hot & fresh :) im moving to the matthews area soon and im definitely making this place a staple!!
5	I absolutely love this place. Anytime someone comes into town for a visit or if I meet someone that just moved here, the Penguin is the first place I recommend....I'll try to tag along if possible! The servers are great and very well decorated, the food is fantastic (I have made many people converts to fried pickles), the atmosphere is very diverse and relaxed, and the prices are unbeatable. I had the privilege of being there on the night the restaurant was featured on the Food Network. All the cheering and applause only made an already fun night out that much better. If you've never had falafel, now's the time!
4	Please note the date of this original review (4/09) and that it is prior to closure, renovation, and reopening with same name and sign.  Based on reading the reviews of Charlotte Yelpers (instead of out of town guest Yelpers), if you find this review appealing, you should head to Diamond or Pinky's. (1/11).-----I knew it had to be good when our friend reminded us every five minutes (revelry-induced short-term memory loss) the night before that we'd be going to Penguin and we had to be there right at 11 to avoid the crowds.  Sure enough, at 11:05, there were already folks there, and by 11:15, all the tables were full.  Fortunately we got the corner booth.  We were waited on by at least 3 servers - great team work guys!  I was the only one bold enough to start with a beer - the rest of them are Carolina kids who can't stand the thought of not ordering Cheerwine in the bottle - and the waiter said that he'd like one as well, so I knew I was going to like this place.  We got an order of the sweet potato fries and the fried pickles to start.  The sweet potato fries were a little on the dry side, which I would actually consider a good thing, since that means they weren't too greasy.  The fried pickles were a little on the floppy/soggy side and over-battered.  The first few were great, but we should have stuck with the small order, since the last ones to be eaten were not as good as the first.This place is so cheap!  Maybe I'm just used to high Atlanta prices, but everything seemed to be so generous for the price!  I opted for the pimento cheese, which ended up being a little too rich for my stomach after all the sp fries and the fried pickles, but I still managed to snag a few bites of Jimmy's corn dog, which was on the sweet side, but still excellent mustard.Some days you just want burgers and corn dogs.  Most days I want fried pickles.  Will we be back?  Definitely, and promptly when the doors open.
3	Good but greasy food, stuff you can't get just anywhere, good crowd, good staff, good beer prices. My only beef is they don't answer the phone for take out orders. It's a tiny place - maybe a dozen tables, it gets LOUD and smoky. Our offices are nearby and we all selected our faves off the take out menu they happily provided only to find we can't get anything. Additionally NONE of the e-mail address on their web site work. We are planning to all go down at one time and stand around taking up what little space they have waiting on our eleven take out orders. Not too tough to pay someone $10 bucks an hour during peak times to catch take out orders and keep patrons.
5	I was hesitant to write a review for The Penguin because it is very popular and I am sure 90% of Charlotteans have sampled what it has to offer but I figured it wouldn't hurt to share my thoughts. I have been to The Penguin quite a few times and I consistently get delicious food at a very reasonable price. Their burgers are juicy and their fried pickles are crispy. Their menu is small but big on flavor. It is always so busy but worth the wait. I recommend going in the evening around 10:30 or 11:00, their is usually no wait then. I have recommended it to so many new Charlotteans and have never had someone tell me they didn't enjoy it!
5	Hot damn that was some mighty tasty food. Penguin is a reason to visit Charlotte.The fried pickles and the hushpuppies were excellent. I'm pretty sure I've had hushpuppies before (maybe at Dinosaur BBQ in NYC) but they weren't memorable. These were. Live it; love it!
4	Good food and drinks at a great price!I love the big and messy burgers here and the sides are greasy enough too!  Gotta try to fried pickles and sweet potatoe fries.This place is usually packed and there is a wait for a table but if you're just craving some greasy food, just go up to the bar and place your order to go.
4	Penguin is a cool spot. The fried pickles are good as sh?t, the burgers are good also. Good luck finding a seat though.
4	Hushpuppies? Aren't those shoes for the elder crowd? Brunswick Stew? Isn't that a soup served up in a Canadian Province? Smoking while dining? Oh yeah, this is a tobacco state. Listen, I'm just a guy from San Francisco, you know, the land of foie gras, locally grown organically produce, the slow cooking movement, I didn't really know a lick about Southern cooking ... until last night. Sure, it was all fried and oozy and a week on the treadmill still won't burn off the number of calories from just a single serving of sweet tea, but now I understand why Charlotte is ranked 34 out of 45 on the American Fitness Index, a ranking of the 50 most populous cities that determined the least fit cities. Fried, fried and fried goodness sums up the local goodies available at The Penguin, such as the salty fried pickles, a huge batch of perfectly battered slices served with MSG laden ranch dressing. Hushpuppies, while a crowd pleaser, were a little lost on me, although I'm sure the same can be said about California politics to those from this part of the country. I also indulged in a wonderfully battered corn dog and a Southern Burger, slathered with coleslaw. My biggest impression was not the interesting mix of clientele, very typical of some of the districts of San Francisco, but the prices. At these rates, we would have ordered the entire menu for what an entree costs at a typical resto back home. As one of my dining partners said, if you become homeless, this is the place to be.
2	Having lived in Charlotte for 7 years, and having enjoyed the Pengiun for couple of years before that I feel like I have a pretty good opinion on the restaurant for the past 8 or 9 years.  Here's the deal, on the one hand, they have a fantastic 4th of July celebration -- do not miss it!  On the other hand, the quality of the beef in the hamburger has really declined.  Last 3 or 4 times I got one, I picked out a couple of pieces of gristle.  Yuck.  I could move past that though, because my favorite is their blackbean hummus -- delightful!!  But what has been most disappointing is the huge decline in customer service since  2002.  Our first couple of times there, we had great, quick service -- beers were always full and food delivered quickly. But the last couple of times I have had to flag down a waiter for everything from asking more water to asking for our check.  The last straw happened last week -- we were in line to pay when some guy jumped in  line to pay.  Hubby said, "Hey the four of us are splitting the check and we need to stay together".  This dude got ANGRY, pushing and shoving and so  on.  What did management do?  Nothing, they told hubby to just let angry-dude pay and not to look him in the eye.  Apparantly this dude has a problem, and they allow him to come in and muscle the customers around .  What used to be a nice, family-friendly place seems to have let their popularity go to their head.  And for that reason, I won't be back.  Not when you can get great burgers at Common House, great pizza at Intermezzo or Hawthorne, or great veggie dishes at Dish.  Go once for the experience, but I wouldn't recommend going again.
2	I don't get it.  What's the big deal?  Small, smoky and greasy.  I guess that is the point.   Maybe I should try it again.  Everyone else seems to love it.  I was just disappointed after all I had heard.
5	If you are ready for the best burger in Charlotte then you need to head to the Penguin. There is a reason this place is typically packed. Once you get in - try a nice big burger and my personal favorite - sweet potato fries. This is not a health food restaurant but it is a comfort food restaurant. It has a great atmosphere and great service. Looking forward to another burger.
4	The Penguin is a great spot for good cheap eats. I don't get fried pickles but everything else was great. Burgers, fries, good coffee. It gets pretty busy and the service isn't very fast or professional but thats part of the charm. Excellent people watching (NY habit) and an eclectic crowd - blue collar, burners, artists, etc.    The hush puppies are excellent, you need old oil to make them right that's why they are better in the south. Previous bad review said smokey but that's impossible since NC has anti-smoking regulations at least now.
1	Burger Nazis!!!!     Simply the worst experience I've ever had in a restaurant!! Go to The Dish instead. Had a party of 5 but 2 of us got there early. No one offered to seat us so sat down on our own. Told busgirl/hostess we'd have 5. No fuss made until I told waiter who promptly sent us into time out and lectured us because our party not all there. 2 more showed and asked to be seated & manager/bouncer called over and said no and acted like a totally unprofessional jerk. Told me I had a right to my "wrong" opinion. There were at least 4 open tables with no one waiting. He got very confrontational and asked if I'd like to take it out to the parking lot. I never criticized him or cussed at all! He(Andy with bad goatee,tattoos & wierd ear rings) acted like he wanted to fight me. He said he didn't want our business. In this recession I found his attitude alarmingly arrogant! I was very very angry. The food isn't worth the trouble. I've had it before and it isn't that great! Greasy and small burgers. Bathroom tissues will be needed quickly. 5 years ago it used to be cool. Now it's just filled with arrogant pseudo rock star wannabes. I will never ever go back and will tell everyone I know not to bother. Parking lot is pathetic and they don't care about their customers!!
3	I'm not impressed by the Penguin as much as people talk about it.  I will definitely give them their fried pickles, but I like the fried pickles just as much at the Whitewater Center or Jackalope Jack's.  Maybe it's just becuase I don't like huge burger patties, but I just found the burger to be ok and not spectacular.  I prefer Mr K's, which is much less well known but very good as well!I would go back sometime, but won't be anything I ever HAVE to have again.
2	again, after reading the recent so-so reviews.....the one thing i can't stand about the place is the way the waitstaff SWARMS on you, constantly rushing you to hurry up and order...as soon as you've told one waiter you need a few more minutes, you're immediately telling another one the same thing, and so on...i can't see why they can't break the place into wait sections and assign servers; i mean, you're talking about a dining room about as big as a good size living room....i love the food tho, and like the guys who own it also, its just that i don't like the constant pestering by the waiters
4	I had a blast here... cool spot, great folks. The food was delish as well. Chicken sandwich was great, fries were great, hot dog was great... you get the picture :)
4	Sweet place, only had a little of the food, the sweet potato fries, although new to me was awesome. A busy place because it's popular, but you meet the a lot of cool people and the staff is always friendly.
4	My first fried pickles were delicious... so was the beer.  I was in town for business, and heard that this place was a definite.  Evidently it is one of the oldest spots around.
2	I am a big fan of Diners, Drive-Ins, and Dives... so I thought I would really enjoy the Penguin. Sadly, on each occasion that I have eaten there, I have been very disappointed. I have tried their black bean  burgers which I normally love but found theirs lacking. I also did not care for their vegetarian chili and found nothing special about their sides either. Personally, if I want good fried food, I prefer either the Bar-b-que King on WIlkinson Blvd or The Clock on South Blvd!2011 Update: NOW CLOSED
3	I've been here twice, here are my thoughts:The fried pickles were unique, I've never had them in sliced form before.  The batter had potential, however it was extremely salty and even ranch dressing couldn't mute the saltiness.  Salt in the batter plus the salt native to the pickles was just too much.  As for the Black Bean Burger I had with Pimento cheese; I was unimpressed.  It tasted like a falafel sandwich with cheeze-wiz on the top.  I would recommend skipping the Pimento cheese and leaving the chipotle-style mayo on the sandwich.  Previously I had a burger, the burger at Big Daddy's was much better.  I don't think Penguin seasons their meat, it was quite bland.The beer was pretty good at a 1.50 for a wheat beer on draft that I'd never had before.  Also, being able to get a meal at Midnight after I got off work was an added bonus.  They stopped serving at 12:01 so I really appreciated them serving me right before the grill closed.  Overall an experience, but I wouldn't go there expecting to be blown out of the water.  FoodNetwork probably checked out this drive-in because of it's unique atmosphere rather than for the food.
2	i've posted in the past about the same stuff the recent posters posted on...hey guys thats a lotta bad reviews in a 2 wk period here recently...maybe you ought to look into it.....and i'll add to the list quit trying to rush folks off like they're being a pest by sitting at a table..i know you're still packed all the time but it don't take much bad word of mouth to get folks to stop going to a place..AND ALSO why don't you get some sort of outside area where you can drink and wait on a table?..i know its a diff. liquor lic., but you guys have been talking about doing it for a cpl yrs now...wheres that at?
4	While looking at houses in Plaza Midwood, this place was recommended to us by several people.  What they didn't tell us was just how awesome this rockabilly burger joint is.  From Brunswick stew to hushpuppies to $1.50 pints (!!), this place has it all.  Oh yes, I shall return.I should add that I've been to a few places seen on Guy Fieri's abomination of a TV show, and for the most part they are entirely overrated.  The only exceptions I've found are The Grubstake in San Francisco, and Penguin Drive-In.
4	Just one of those good ole fashion drive-in style places. Tons of history behind the establishment in a trendy area. Atmosphere was great and the deep fried pickles were bangin'. I would highly recommend a dose of The Penguin
4	While it may not sound that appetizing, the fried pickles REALLY are something to be tried.  Other highlights included the Asian Chili BBQ wings which had a nice balance of sweet and spicy, and the "all the way" small block burger (vs. the" southern style") burger and traditional fries.  Combine the good food with some solid drink specials, and you have a place that is absolutely worth visiting!
5	Quite possibly the best burger in all of NC.  Lucky residents of the Queen City have it right there in town.  Try the fried pickles and get yourself a Big Block burger...
4	This is a Charlotte classic.  Only order off the right side of the menu, as the left side is for those who are clearly lost... Burgers, Fries, Hot Dogs, and beer. Enjoy the fact that bankers can rub elbows with bikers here, watch the game on that one tiny television, and marvel at the excellent operation these guys run.I love the waitresses and the food.  Once monthly maximum, otherwise, I'd have to run there and back to maintain my health.
4	I used to go to this place with an ex-boyfriend who lived in Charlotte and I miss it so much! I'm amazed no one has mentioned the Penguin Fingers... They are the best chicken fingers ever! The hush puppies are to die for... I just wish this place had more seating...
5	Amazing food and atmosphere!  The fried pickles and the winky dinky dog are my favorite, but honestly I've never had anything bad there.  The staff is always friendly and nice.  When ever we would go up there to do a show, one of our favorite parts was to be able to hit up The Penguin while we were there!
5	I flew over 3,000 miles from Seattle to Charlotte, got off of the airplane and went directly to the Penguin.  The black bean veggie burger is the most spicy, gooey, cheesy, crispy, smushy, salty, amazing thing ever.  I practically had a religious experience eating the damn thing for the first time in a year. Om nom nom. Also, of course had to indulge in some fried pickles and hush puppies for good measure.  Used to be $5 pitchers of Yuengling back in the day... now $5 pitchers of Shock Top seems to be the special.  The Penguin does what they do well: cram a bunch of people who don't really go together into one teeny-tiny restaurant, pump a bunch of hot music from the jukebox, get everybody a beer (well, not everybody), and lay on the greasy, sloppy, cheesy, ranchy southern eats like nobody's business.Well done, little bird. Well done.
4	I do not like pickles, but Penguin's fried pickles with Ranch are amazing! As with any good restaurant there will probably be a line, but it is definitely worth the wait!
5	I moved from California to Charlotte in October 09 and had heard about the Penquin several times. I went and loved the fried pickes a bit salty but great.  the southern burger topped with the cole slaw was just great.. Love the place and  you have shock top that was like dessert.  then  dang the prices are great... My sister is flying in today from California and the penquin will be our first stop...
4	so apparently this joint was on drive ins, diners and dives.  I watch that, but i don't remember this place.It's definitely a dive.  it's tiny, a few booths, a few seats.  full board bar, but it's generally burgers and hot dogs.  We got some fried pickles - nice golden brown and delicious.  yum.and some cheese fries - they were cheese fries, nothing spectacular.I got a burger, just the single one and an order of hush puppies.  The burger was decent, it was like if you made it yourself at home.  The hush puppies were also golden brown and delicious.  yum.  I might just have to try the wings with the asian chili sauce the next time I'm in town.  We came just at the right time, right before the dinner rush.  By the time we left, it was so packed, we had a hard time leaving.Our waiters were great. Super nice.  One had a handlebar mustache and looked like Jamie from Mythbusters.  Come to find out his name *is* Jamie.  We couldn't stop laughing.   Definitely enjoyed out time there, hopefully we'll head back.  I'm sure my friends will even after I've left town.
4	Cool grungy diner! Crazy menu and great prices. We had the pimento cheese sandwich and the tupelo sandwich (peanut butter and banana). Fun servers too. Not a typical diner. Apparently award winning burgers too, by the plaques on the walls. Don't miss this out on this one! Crazy good.
5	Some of the best food you will ever eat EVER
4	Dear Big block burger, we miss you.  Please visit us in California, I think our state is too concerned about health to serve you- but if they tried you, they would change their mind.
5	This is always a place I love to take out of town guests and visitors when I want to show them a true piece of Charlotte.  The Fried Pickles are always a must for  our table.  The light breading and perfect crisp of the pickle has yet to disappoint anyone I've been with.  The main entree options are where it gets tricky (only because I love them all).  The grilled homemade pimento cheese on texas toast is to die for.  Sometimes we will get that as an appetizer and have it split two or three ways so we still get to try it... mmmmm, YUM.As far as the burgers go, you can never go wrong.  I always like mine with cheese and I get their chipotle mayo on the side, amazing taste with a lil kick, what's not to love.  If you're a corndog person, or even if you're not, you need to try the ones here.  They hand dip them in a special batter that' I have yet to find elsewhere.  I never leave the Penguin with a cheap tab, but that's only because I usually order ALL of the above mentioned items for JUST MYSELF.  I know, it's a lot, but it's THAT GOOD.  If you're going out for this type of food anyways, and it's the best around, you might as well enjoy yourself :)  The Penguin is so good that when I was in an accident and in the ICU step down at the hospital, my father came to visit he left for an hour to eat at the Penguin!Long Live The Penguin!
3	Hard to get a table. The service is good. The food was good for what it was, but I wasn't crazy about it.
5	A quick, simple math equation to describe my feelings toward the Penguin:Pixies + Frank Sinatra + cheap, delicious burgers = my kinda placeI'd even say it's a good alternative for a weekend spot, as it's open late, has a full bar and just a fun atomosphere.
3	I know this is a very popular place but I've just never cared for it.  The crowd is always interesting but other then the fried pickles I've never ate anything there that I thought was that great.
4	Came to Charlotte for the race , all the way from NJ. I saw some of the reviews and was nervous . Boy am I glad I did not listen to the negative posts. This was by far worth the trip .Ordered the fried pickels but not a great fan of them , Buffalo wings were great . I got the small block southern style which was also great .
1	I was NOT impressed. Food was just OK. The service, except for one waiter, sucked. One server walked around the whole time with an attitude and acted as though we were bothering him. I will not be back.
4	The food is really really good and is not very expensive.  I love hush puppies and they were probably the best I have ever had.  The burgers and sandwiches are all really good and the service is fantastic.  The only problem is that the place is small and the wait is usually long.
5	Penguin is literally a place for everyone.  There is usually a wait but the food is VERY much worth it.  The crowd is so eclectic that no-one feels out of place.  This place has the ultimate bar food!  Burgers, Fried Pickles, Onion Rings, Hot dogs, HUSHPUPPIES...and all that delicious goodness!  It has even been on FoodNetwork!  Penguin started as a 'blue-collar' bar on the outskirts of uptown and still retains that look and feel.  You can still get a glass of Shocktop here for $1.50 while everyone else in Charlotte thinks a glass of anything non-budwiser should cost $3-4.  I ALWAYS bring company here first when they are int town and EVERYONE has raved about it!
4	I think this place has been featured on the Food Network.The burgers are great. The foot-long hot dog was just okay, I asked for no slaw. If you don't like slaw, don't get the foot-long hot dog at all. Fried pickles which seem to be famous here are tasty but a bit too salty for me. Super cheap food!Definitely not a place you take your parents. ...Especially if you're Asian. Tattooed servers with cut-off jean shorts and t-shirts or tank tops. Loud rock & roll music and lots of tables in a small space. Juke box in the back. My parents were scared of the server and made their order as quick as possible.Great place to go with friends though... catch the unpopular times to eat if you don't want to stand in line for 10-15 minutes outside.
5	I love it for the ambiance. The only fried pickles in Charlotte that I truly like. Delicious sweet potato fries.You can't eat here on a regular basis or you will end up obese. This is where you take out of town guests. They are always impressed by the tattooed wait staff and the cheap burgers (or maybe that is just my in-laws..)The hummus is surprisingly good and a little spicy.
5	There's so much to like at The Penguin:a ridiculously large basket of sweet potato fries,the best black bean burger I have ever had,great music,a fun-loving staff,etc.It's small, funky, and a lot of fun. If I lived in or near Charlotte, I'd eat here all the time.
1	There was a time I really enjoyed this place, those days are gone. The wait is too long for sub-par, over-priced bar food. I will say they do have good beer specials, kudos to that.
5	Fried Pickles.
4	Wow - I like this place - I wish I lived in Charlotte so I can stop by here every weekend! Thanks Yelp for leading me here. Sorry Bay Area folks - but this burger place moves to prime location on my burger list!Pros- Tasty fresh meaty tasting burgers. They had the single block (1/3 lb) & I tried the double block (2x 1/3 lb patties). The burgers were flavorful, moist, crumbly & just right w/cheese. Prices were great - single $3.95(?) & double $4.95 (?) - approximately, I cant remember exactly.- great sides: tried the fried pickles, sweet potato fries, onion rings - prices were about $3 ea- Fried Bologna sandwich - tasty - had to try for 1st time in my life.- Other dishes looked great & can't wait to try (Chicken fingers, Shrimp)- fast service, nice waitressesCons- very crowded small place - wait was 30min, but  that's a good signReturn Visit- Definite Yes
5	Hands down the best fried pickles in th city.
4	Any place that serves fried pickles at least gets three stars from me. The Penquin is a small resturant on the north side of Charlotte. The key word there is small my girlfriend and I waited to eat for 55 minutes if not longer (I stopped counting)... So was it worth the wait... Well since I don't live in Charlotte it wouldn't have been worth a trip just to eat here. However if your in Charlotte the food is cheap and very good... Another reason it wouldn't be worth the trip is if you live any where in the united states then chances are you have a burger shop just as good as The Penquin in your town. So I'm not going to go crazy and claim that The Penquin is anything other then a great little resturant with a ton of character. The true test of how good a place is if you'll comeback as for me all I can say is maybe.
5	Chances are, the ratings under 3 stars were probably written by people who don't want their popped collars to get wrinkled from waiting in line or their Prada shoes to be scuffed up on *gasp* the concrete as they wait outside, since this place does seem to bring in the crowds night after night. It's a great place to go with friends. Their menu is typical bar food, but the taste is anything but typical. Fried pickles and cheese fries and burgers - OH MY! This is not the place to go if you're in a rush especially on a Fri/Sat night; expect a hefty wait. But you can order a drink from the bar while you wait and trust me, the food is worth it!
4	fun place for burgers and fries.
1	The gentleman who built this operation has left... The owner and his daughter were apparently not the best of people.. I sure there are two sides to every story, however no two people can make food the same.. having said that.. GO TO PINKYS!!
5	Penguin is a surprise find for a vegetarian.  The spicy black bean burger is delicious!  We also tried the fried pickles and sweet potato fries--huge portions, inexpensive and also fantastic.  The cheap Carolina beers ($3.50!) round out your meal.  The chill staff is very welcoming and also accommodating.  Being new to the restaurant my boyfriend and I wanted to try a bunch of different things and said we intended to share. The waitress asked the cooks to split the black bean burger and served it as two servings, a surprising gesture you don't often see.  Not only did everything taste great it was incredibly cheap! About $16 for two with beers!  I definitely recommend Penguin.
5	You might not believe me if you just saw the place in passing, but one of the coolest spots if you're vegetarian or have friends that are.  Black bean burger is made from scratch and if you add the pimento cheese, you're on your way to the best burger in NC.  Side of veggie chili cheese fries, and you're on your way to the best induced nap in NC!  (I was actually told by the staff several times, that even their meat eating patrons opt for the veg chili because it has more flavor!)  Wait there's more.   Fried pickles that are so thin and crispy that they've converted many so-called pickle haters.  They've got so much more as well, hush puppies, veg hotdogs, a falafal wrap that is an amazing combination of textures and flavors and best of all - a banana pudding that will make you an addict.  I dont even think the banana pudding is on the menu, so maybe its just for people in the know :)   Either way, no matter how full you are, you owe it to yourself to order this, even if to-go.  I've seen near riots ensue when they are out, so I'd advise you to order this FIRST (even if you have them bring it for dessert later).  The place is always packed and filled with a perfect mix of people from all walks of life, and the service is consistently impeccable.   I love the fact that they dont assign tables to staff, and anyone that walks by your table is constantly checking on you and refilling glasses.  There may be a wait, but its well worth it, and then some.Best veg-friendly joint I've been to that is not either asian themed or thinks vegetarian food consists of salads and wheat bread.
4	My wife, her uncle and I arrived shortly after 1:30pm. 1st note: parking is a premium at this locale. 2nd note: Dining space is cramped and all I've gotta say is be preprared for a short wait - ours was 10 min.The overall ambiance is loud - an elevated voice to combat the strains of rock 'n roll being played is enough to have a decent conversation. Our menu choices consisted of Shuffletown BBQ plate w/fried pickles (1/2 order) for me; my wife had a corn dog w/sweet potato fries and her uncle had the Turbo Tuna Salad Melt. All in all, no real disappointments mainly because we didn't know what to really expect, but I'd say that all the flavors of saltiness(fried pickles) and sweetness (sweet potato fries) really worked out very well. Definitely a "favorite" bookmark for us ;)Last note: Guy Fieri (The Food Network's "Drive-ins, Diners and Dives") has been here & left his mark (not very difficult to find as long as you don't continuously look at the floor.)
4	I love the Penguin! Great place for a hamburger. I recommend the hush puppies!
5	I must start this out and say this was my first visit to The Penguin and I've been in Charlotte for 3 years...insert shock moment. The shock was the same reaction I got from the owner who I sat next to last night at the bar. Brian went through the menu with me, told me what's popular and what to order my next time in too. He even bought be my PBR for my first visit, which was appreciated. He even made sure 15 minutes later wen he left to say good bye and give me a menu to take home with me...great service, especially from an owner! Had the Small Block Burger all the way with bacon and pepperjack cheese (recommended by Brian). It was big, juicy and full of flavor. For the side I tried the small order of fiend pickles which were a HUGE portion and were awesome! Thank you for a long overdue welcome Penguin. I will be a frequent visitor and encourage everyone else to experience the same!
5	This place kinda rocks!  Had their burger and fries and felt transported to greasy spoon heaven. I plan to start P90X next week, so I'm glad I was able to scratch this place off my bucket list beforehand!
5	Greasy food and cheap beer.  Light on the wallet and heavy on the style.  Tattoos and bikes everywhere.  A must stop in Charlotte.  Burgers, fried pickles, and coney dogs are all awesome.
1	The wait was over an hour, and the staff was rude! The food was bland, everything needed salt. The fries were cold, and the burgers were small. I went with a family of 5 and tried a bit of everyone's food and was not impressed. I asked for the waiter to put my grilled cheese on texas toast rather than the pita, and he said no. BUT both grilled cheese and texas toast is on the menu! Rude. Do NOT go here. It is not worth it. There are only 10 tables, this place is not good for large groups of people OR children. It is loud and the kids will not enjoy the environment.
5	I had 1 amazing run-in with this place about 2 years ago.  I remember it well.Great food, all around, the fried pickles were delicious.  The burger was so good I put down a 1lb 1/2 (I think they call it the hemi, or something) no problem.  Go out of your way for this place - it's worth it.
5	The main reason I even dropped into this place is because I'm absolutely OBSESSED with Penguins. Upon entering my initial thought was 'wow, not what I expected'. All of the waiters/waitresses are super down to earth with tattoo's, tons of piercings and a down to earth attitude. Don't confuse this as me giving them a bad review, because in my opinion, I absolutely LOVE that part of the atmosphere. The place is great for just sitting and hanging out with friends, family or strangers! The people are super friendly and helpful and the food is great! My boyfriend often expresses his love for their cheeseburgers. All in all, GREAT place and if you haven't stopped in, you need to STAT!
4	I first made a note of this place when it showed up on the Food Channel. So when I found that it was within walking distance from my hotel on an over-night, I decided to check it out. It was worth the walk.  Great tasting burger and sweet tea that hit the spot. But the reason I went was to check out the fried pickles. To date they are the best I've tried so far. The workers were eclectic and really nice. Service was right on!
5	OK, let's be clear here, The Penguin is NOT closed. It is reopening in January 2011, that's been established by the family that has actually owned this awesome place for over 50 years. I can't wait to get in there an harden my arteries once again! Great burgers, fried pickles, cheap beer!!
1	In P/M this diner was born and raisedThe Penguin was where we spent most of our daysThe Burgers, Pickles, Dogs all coolAll drinkin' some pitchers up on a barstoolWhen a family of peepsWho were up to no goodStarted makin' trouble in our neighborhoodThey got greedy for cash and in a scandalous moveStole the place from the owners, don't no one approve.We pulled up to the place - it's in such a weird stateAll emptied and closed, gettin' coats of new paintWe looked to the sign, It was still up thereYet another sad victim of corporate warfare.
4	I was depressed for about a month after this place closed.  I would go at least once if not twice a month ever since I moved to Charlotte a year and a half ago.  Everything I've had there was so tasty and cheap.  My favorites were the chili cheese fries, chili cheese dogs, southern chili burgers....(you get the point, the chili was amazing), grilled cheese pitas, corn dogs and of course you can't forget the fried pickles. They always had a $5 beer pitcher special, full bar, and the infamous PBR tall boys.  I could go out with my girlfriend to eat and get a couple pitchers for under $25 including tip!  I went to grab my 'last supper' the night it was closing down and ended up having to get it to-go because of the wait.  They actually stopped taking to-go's right after my order because the place was so jam packed!  I felt so lucky to be stuffing my face with that greasy diner food on my couch when I got home.  The only thing keeping it from 5 stars is the small space they have.  It gets really packed and uncomfortable sometimes.  I really hope the rumors the staff were floating around about the owners renovating the Diamond are true.  If they can turn that old place around the corner into anything even resembling the Penguin, I will once again be a frequent customer.
2	**This review is for my experience from last year**I'm a Charlotte native born and raised, never heard of this place until last year. I even grew up on the east side!  After seeing it on food network, I was excited to try it out. The wait was horrendous! We stood in line for at least an hour. When we did get a table, the waitress was rude as could be, I felt so rushed I just didn't know what to get. I tried a small block burger and the grilled peanut butter and banana sandwich, my wife had the pimento cheese sandwich and we shared some fried pickles.  Not to overly impressed with any of it. I was feeling so pressured to eat quickly that I couldn't enjoy it at all. It was overall ok, but just not for me and mine, when I go out, I don't care how popular your place is, I demand respect as a consumer. The wait staff here lacks that. It gets two thumbs down from me just for how they treat the people that make them who they are. also, we had 5 adults and 2 kids in our party, bad idea. I would suggest if you go, go alone or with maybe one other tops.
4	The Bird is one of those places that has managed to stay in business over a span of quite a few years.  In my neck of the woods, it would be equated to Sammys #3 in Downtown Denver.  You can tell that this place has been around a while by the clientele: a mix of the older and younger generations which I love!  The food is very good, diner type, with healthy portions and good burgers.  The wait staff is a little blunt but never rude and while it may take you a while to get a seat, it is well worth it!
1	I don't plan to go back to the schmucky new Penguin. My business will follow the delightful original owners to their new location, the Diamond.
1	so apparently this isn't the one it was anymore.  sad.  The place I went to has now since closed, and is now run by other people and the food is so different now. BOO!Also - don't fake like you were the ones on Triple D.  That's just sad.
4	OK, I went to the Penguin on Monday (I heard it was open again), and I left stuffed with fried food, a hamburger, and a cheap pabst blue ribbon. Used to go to the old place, not seeing much difference, fried pickles are still good, burgers are still greasy and fat. Oh, and they had waffle fries, which I prefer to the old ones. I also liked the fact that everyone was dressed down, obviously no dress code here, and there were all kinds of people. The most important thing was the price, the two of us ate for $16, you just can't beat it. DoCan only give a Drive-In 4 stars though, even a really good one like The Penguin don't care who owns it, just want a cheap place for lunch.
1	Since my previous review about the new corporate version of this once loved establishment was flagged and removed i'll try again. It was removed  "because it does not contain a new firsthand experience with the business." Now why they think it wasn't based off of an experience is beyond me. (mind readers maybe??) Anyways, this is not the "Original Penguin" that gained all the acclaim. Notice the "TM" after the name now. It is a lame, shell of a version of the restaurant that once lived. Wait staff was inattentive, food was greasy, I don't expect it to last long. If you are looking for food inspired by the original Penguin, try Pinkys Westside, or The Diamond. Corporate entity's have no business swallowing up a local legend, and demanding the same respect of the community, please support local business.
4	I have been there several times. It is a real treat. There are only two problems. They don't heat the buns. The burger is nice and perfect and they stick it on a cold bun. Why?? The second problem is the bathroom is a pit.
1	I love how the new ownership is trying to flag bad reviews for removal. What's the point of a review site if people can't share their honest opinion?The Penguin is NOT what it used to be. It completely lacks the original atmosphere, and the food quality has slipped as well. This place used to serve the best burger in Charlotte and we would take friends there just for the burgers- but the one I had on my first (and last!) visit since it reopened was a complete let-down: dry and overcooked. We ordered fries to split, but the portion was smaller than before and came out cold. Worse yet, no hush puppies! I'm one of those people that identifies an establishment by the one thing they do best, be it breakfast, pasta, chicken, whatever- thinking about the Penguin always made me hungry for a Block Burger with hush puppies. We will not be going back. Time to find a new "best burger." :(
1	The original Penguin closed its doors on 10/24.  Now, different people run it. If you're looking for the food and atmosphere that you found before October 2010, you'll have to look elsewhere.  The wait staff wear uniforms, the menu is trademarked, and they didn't even make this stuff in the first place.  The pickles are much worse, and the burgers just don't cut it.  They also got rid of some staples too.  Hit Pinky's or the Diamond for remnants of the real Penguin.  The Penguin may have the same name, but it's as different as if a Burger King closed and a McDonald's opened in its place.
5	In Charlotte this is still one of my very favorite places to get a burger. I know that this nplace has gone through many changes and I feel as though the people removing their 5 star ratings due to new ownership should reconsider as reviews have to do with the service and food and not the personal feelings of a coporation taking over a local small business (politics are getting in the way here folks) I have been to the old Penguin and the new and if anything I like the "new" pengiun a bit more. The wait staff were kind and attentive, they got my huband and I in and out in a timly matter (compared to the old Penguin) they (the staff) also thanked us three times for stopping by before we hit the door to leave. The lighting was much better and it was cleaner than it used to be. Now the most important part... The food.. The food was just as good as before. The burger I had was delicious without overstuffing me. My Husband and I had Fried Pickels, Waffle Fries, I got a single burger and he got a double burger with chili and slaw, we also had two beers and walked away paying $28.00 for everything... WHAT A DEAL! I love this place.Now there is one major con to the new Pengiun, and that is they don't have a great beer selection like they used to no Oak Barrel Stout, or local brews. The most exotic thing they had is New Castle (Which is a fav of mine anyways) I wish they would look into support local breweries(May add some local brownie points as well)Long live the Penguin... No matter who is running it! As long as it stays the same or improves I am a loyal fan.
3	I am not rating the management - I AM RATING THE FOOD & SERVICE. This is a review of the "New Penguin". This is the first time I have ever been here on a Sunday at noon and was immediately able to sit down at a table (weather outside was 67 degrees). I think the old usual crowd might be boycotting the new joint. I liked the old Penguin - I like the "New Penguin". I had the Pimento Cheese with fried pickles Double Burger - no mayo - it was deeelish! Great hangover cure from the night before - Also had the 24oz PBR to get the day started off right. Our table shared sides of onion rings, french fries and fried pickles. We enjoyed the onion rings the most, then the pickles but the fries were your typical "frozen from a bag" - I would love to see some hand cut fries or oven some tots as a choice. The service was just above average - nice and attentive, but nothing stellar - Would not keep me from coming back. Overall - I would go back, especially to cure a hangover, but probably not for dinner...
5	I am from Atlanta, so I don't know or care about the politics of the ownership of this place.  All I know is the Penguin Burger I had (pimento cheese and fried pickles) was DEE-LISH-US.  It's tough to find a good burger in Charlotte, because of the dumb medium well law, but this place is fantastic.  All the other burgers looked good too and very inexpensive.  The staff was a little flirty (just the way I like them) and they even have cheap booze.
3	I'll admit at the outset that I was a regular fan of the Penguin's previous incarnation.  For the long and short of it - the new one feels like Applebees does the Penguin.  The food is still generally good, but the menu is much more limited in scope.  Gone are the interesting sandwiches like the grilled peanut butter and banana or the tuna melt.  There are still burgers and dogs, and they remain good.  There are still a significant number of veggie options, including versions of the dog and burger.  There are salads for those seeking healthy food at the Penguin.My partner got a veggie dog with pimiento cheese and fried pickles on top.  He liked it quite a bit.  I got a small burger and dog--both southern style (chili, slaw, mustard, 86 the onions) and both good.  I also got fries, and they were crisp and hot.What has changed is that it no longer feels a part of the neighborhood.  The waitresses are all perky and friendly, but there isn't a tattoo to be found anywhere.  The music throughout our visit was soft hits of the 80s.  There are lots of t-shirts and merchandise that tout the long history of the Penguin, but also feel alien to it.  They look more like they would be sold on the boardwalk in Carolina Beach.  I don't know whether there will eventually be more of a sense of community in the new Penguin.  Perhaps with time the staff will get to know regulars and it will feel more authentic.  Until then, the food is OK, and it is clean and safe.  It is also MUCH easier to get a table now, but you can take that to mean what you like.
5	This is dollar for dollar one of the single best dining experiences I have ever had. All three of us chowed down in style for about $22. The burgers and dogs are excellent and so are the pickle chips. This is also a prime location situated to some of the best nightlife that Charlotte has to offer. Just do it!
1	Now that the Diamond has opened and the Penguin lot looks like an abandoned KMART most evenings, we won't have these arguments (hopefully) much longer. It'll just do the corporate thing and close because of lack of profits. One reviewer hit it on the head "Applebees does Penguin." CMON...free pickles w/a shirt purchase???...a dress code?????......a great restaurant about 100 yds down the road???...If you could get a building to put a gun to its brick head and end it mercifully, then you'd ask the Bird to do it....
4	You no loner have a long wait and burgers are still just as good. They even toasted the bun, which the old Penguin didn't. The fries were awesome! Even if it has gone corporate, it will still be the original location. If you want a good burger, give it a shot.
3	A typical diner.  Burgers, fries, hot dogs, etc.  The food is decent.  They have a jukebox that you can play much from so it gives the feel of a real diner.  I have eaten here three times and each time it has been decent.  The service is not anything to write home about but it is not terrible.  The noise level can get pretty loud with a small space and all the people crammed inside.
4	Great burgers, fries, sandwiches and just about everything else. $5 pitchers of yeungling is a hell of a plus. The wait can get kind of ridiculous for a burger, but so worth it, especially if you grab a beer while you wait. The only thing I've had from the Penguin that wasn't good were the onion rings - they're thin and super greasy. I know lots of people that love them, they're just not for me.
1	The "new" Penguin Drive In leaves a lot to be desired. The server got our order wrong twice (on a slow Thursday night) and the food was cold and bland. No more crispy tater tots, greasy buns, or hot, juicy, and delicious burgers. A sad, sad, sad experience.
4	We are new to Charlotte and my husband had seen this restaurant on Diners, DriveIns and Dives, so we wanted to give it a try! So glad we did. GPS took us right to it, so pretty easy to find. The place was packed & we go the last table open. The entire time we were there people were standing waiting in the door. Staff was very friendly & helpful. I got a cheeseburger (add bacon) YUM!! Onion rings were good, just not hot enough. My husband got the hamburger with the pimento cheese - he thoroughly enjoyed. We got a banana pudding to go but I would surely skip next time :( But all in all, would surely return. Great place for a burger & rings. Oh, the best part - the penguin sauce. I was very skeptical. It was unusual but GOOD!
5	Delicious! Best burger in Charlotte.
4	i live in the neighborhood and i get it, we're all supposed to hate the penguin because they sold out and blah blah blah but seriously, i love the penguin. since all the cooler than life kids are at diamond i can get a burger in no time flat. the fried pickles are still good and late at night there arent as many extremely loud hipsters. it makes for a great place to go with friends because now i can hear what they have to say.its nothing phenomenal, but i'll continue going because the food is good, the drink specials are awesome (for my friends that drink) and there are no more douchebags there trying to prove how awesome they are. im too old to be awesome. i just want dinner for a reasonable price. lay off the penguin you guys, they're fine.
4	So I've heard there are a bunch of issues surrounding this Charlotte original, but being from San Francisco I wanted to try the original.  Their pulled pork sandwich was awesome!  The fried pickles and pimento cheese appetizers were tasty and unique.  If you're not from here and want to try a classic Charlotte diner, you must check this place out.  Your booze prices are very fair as well.  Thanks for a great evening.
1	Wow, I visited this place less than a year ago. It was amazing. Best corn dog I ever had, and a really great, eclectic jukebox.Now the jukebox sucks (Taylor Swift? Edwin McCain? Freaking Jewel??? Yikes!)... and they took the corn dog off the menu. I had the chicken tenders basket instead. It was something I could get anywhere. It seriously tasted just like Burger King tenders. Nothing special about this place anymore....
1	This used to be a regular stop of mine.  Grungy, down to earth and a cross section of humanity.  Went in after they opened and now it is sanitized, commercial and lacks character.  I can't rate the food, as I did not eat, but noticed that the prices were a bit more as was my PBR.  Sorry folks, but 4 dollars for a tall boy is one dollar too much in Plaza.  I will not be back, as there are better alternatives in the neighborhood.
5	I love the Penguin, I know if you are a hipster they sold out to the man and whatnot. But the food is still great and its still a cool place. But if you wear skinny jeans and snap to poetry you may possibly not like it as much as before but they still have great fried pickles and good prices on drinks!They are also on living social for half off! Here is a coupon for $10 for $20 worth of food. "http://livingsocial.com/deals/32372?ref=personalized-link-box-%23%3CPurchase%3A0x18e55818%3E&rpi=9195187"
5	OMG!  This is definitely the best burger I have ever had.  Hands down.  I am from New York and have had my share of good burgers (see regular at Shake Shack), but Penguin far exceeded my expectations.  I had the Tommy Boy, which is a burger with cheese chili and cole slaw.  While oftentimes a burger described as such, would be gimicky and sloppy, this was put together with care, high quality ingredients and great proportionality.  My girlfriend ordered the Penguin burger which had pimento (homemade) cheese and fried pickles.  You could hear her mmmmmmmmhhhhhing reverberating throughout the bar.  Also, great live music.
1	I was looking for a place to watch a TV show and get some food, I saw the Penguins menu and thought I would give it a try, though I needed to know if I could watch my show there. I call the restaurant to ask if they carried the channel my show was on. The person on the other end of the line let out a big sigh and said "I don't have time for this" and hung up on me. Not even interested in trying this place out now, with staff that act like that they probably spit in peoples food.
4	I know there have been a lot of people saying that the Penguin is not the same since it reopened. Well I completely disagree. We went there for dinner the other night because I really wanted a good burger and fries. There was hardly anyone in the place. This may be one of the best, if not the best burger I have EVER had...and I love my burgers! Being from New Jersey I only discovered fried pickles a few years ago and let me tell you I think they are one of the greatest things out there so when I saw them on the menu I had to give them a try. They did not disappoint. They were perfectly breaded and practically melted in your mouth. I think everyone needs give it another try.
1	How far the mighty has fallen!  This is exactly what I thought while trying to stomach my meal at The Penguin.  It started off on the wrong foot and continued that way throughout the entire experience.  We sat down and reviewed the menu, intrigued by it's changes, however after 5 minutes had passed and still no service I had lost interest in the menu.  A couple enter a few minutes after us, sat down, and received service, as the waitress made her rounds, seeming to avoid us, I eventually hunted her down to ask who was waiting on our table, "oh, I can help you." GREAT!  We started off with fried pickles, once a great choice, now a soggy, thick cut chip that was less than spectacular, you have been warned.  They had many burger choices which was a nice sign, but the burgers were nothing but ordinary.  Both burgers had bacon, but not in strips, they came with bits, you've got to be kidding me.  I felt like I was eating a reheated mess, doesn't that sound appetizing?  As I sat there and waited for my check I looked over at my girlfriend and didn't even have to say the words, she said it for me.  I know; we're never coming back here, to which I said exactly.  The Penguin was once a great spot for a quick meal, with excellent service, but is now a shell of its former self; so unfortunate. Good luck franchising this mess!
2	For the sake of arctic creatures... Change the name. This is a disgrace to arctic dwelling finely dressed penguins everywhere. The Penguin use to be all that and a bag of nuts. They closed up and relaunched and I have to say that I think they are trying too hard. The names on the menus are ridiculous. Just call a burger a burger. Not a "Billy Ray Ballentine" ?!? This being the burger I had wasn't awful... Dry. But not awful. Fried pickles were standard but good. Drink came in a styrofoam cup and cutlery came in a nice plastic carrying case (to-go). I like the penguin better when service was poor, I was treated as an inconvenience, and the place had character. Now it just seems like a bland cookie cutter restaurant. First step to success. Owners should pay for all staff to have complete sleeve tattoos and a minimum of 6 piercing. And turn the lights down. I feel like I'm under a spot light. All joking aside the penguin use to be good. The penguin could be good. Just needs work.
1	OK so the signature fried pickles, seriously low quality pickles fried to a sopping oil consistency, less oil in the gulf. Followed by the "Tommy Boy", chili cheese burger with slaw, again low quality ingredients once again. Dry burger, chili (Hormel), slaw (grocery store), cheese(or yellow melted plastic). Next my daughter ordered the chicken wings. I know better than to order wings at a burger place, now she knows too! She tried to be polite for an 8 year old, and say it tasted weird. I took a bite, shes right, if there going for salmonella chicken they succeeded! So we ate 2 bites total and asked to take it off the bill. The positive is the staff is very customer friendly and offered my daughter a free desert, she turned it down. In the car she said she never wants to go there ever again and the guy from the TV show was wrong about the place. Number one sign the food is low quality is when they have the " House Recipe Ketchup" I hate ketchup but even I know if you cut costs on something so obvious I can assure you they cut it everywhere.
5	Ok, so admittedly in my head I was like what is all this hype about the Penquin?  It's just a divey diner and there's always a line outside.  Seems overrated.Yesterday after church my husband and I wanted to check out Plaza Midwood to look at the neighborhood and houses for sale and the The Penquin was suggested by him for lunch.  I was hungry so I said sure, why not?There was no line on Sunday at noon and we picked a booth along the wall.  The waitress came right away and of course convinced us to try the fried pickles.  They were great!  Also after noon it's $2 drafts so my husband scored one of those, I had a sweet tea which was also good.I figured since this was a burger place I'd try one, I have a new found love for pimento cheese so I went with the Penquin burger - pimento cheese, lettuce, mayo and fried pickles.  I picked off the pickles cause I'd already had my fair share in the appetizer.  The burger was delicious, juicy, and the toppings and bun made it excellent.  My husband had the Freak Flag or something like that which was bacon, queso, and some other stuff.  He loved his as well.  The fries and potato salad were our side choices and both were good.  Lunch for under $25 and I'm sure we'll back to try some other things!  I guess it IS worth the hype as long as you don't have to wait in line!
3	I think the new Penguin is still pretty good, but it doesn't measure up to the old bird.  I ordered a burger and it was tasty, just not the same as the old Penguin.  They have cheap beer though and I really liked the fried mac n cheese.  The chili cheese fries weren't that great compared to the old ones I used to die for.  They use queso instead of cheddar cheese, hmmm....The staff is much nicer and accomodating which is cool with me, but it seems to have lost it's ambience.
3	Almost as quickly as a new edition of Hamburger America was released, I was lucky enough to be out and tasting the newest findings. This time, it was the Penguin Drive-In in Charlotte, North Carolina. We walked in shortly before six on a Friday and didn't have any trouble getting a seat. Our server came over quickly, and she was pleasant during our whole visit. She offered us the house special appetizer, fried pickles, but I'm certainly at a loss for shy see are so popular. My hometown favorite, Memphis taproom, blows them out of the water.The beer selection offered standard big brews from across the us and world, as well three craft beers on Draft. I drank a beer from Old Meck  right in Charlotte and Widmer Pale ale.  Fat Tire was also on tap. The temperature on these beers was a bit warm, and the pours were anything but generous. Still, when the bill came out and I saw they were $2 each, my complaints vanished.I was dining with Mom, Charlie ,and Laura, and everyone went for burgers. I stuck with the name sake, which came with lettuce, onions, friend pickles, and smothered in pimento cheese. The cheese isn't bad, but is still a novelty. American would taste be better. George Motts wrote about huge 1/3 pound patties, but these are nowhere to be found. Instead, small, griddle cooked burgers were served. They had that distinctive char taste, and the only disappointment with the patty was that it didn't cover all of the bread. It was a good burger, but certainly doesn't deserve a write up in a book that chronicles the country's best burger joints.The best burger was ordered by Mom: southern style. Essentially a chili cheeseburger, it was quite tasty. We also ordered a few sides, onion rings and sweet potato fries. The fires were covered in cinnamon and sugar, making them like a dessert and frankly, ruining them. The onion rings weren't terrible , but lacked any real flavor and crispiness.The atmosphere here is fun. Seat yourself, and look at pictures from the business over the last sixty years. It's part bar, part family restaurant, but it works. There's even a Rockola jukebox in the corner with an impressively bad playlist offered.The bottom line: it seems this place recently came under new management, and maybe not for the better. Still, the burger is good, the beer, like everything else, is pretty cheap. Worth a stop, but don't go out of your way.
1	I was in Charlotte yesterday and was awfully excited at the prospect of stopping by my old fav, "The Penguin" for lunch. This was the coolest, most iconic restaurant/diner in Charlotte--the place where I would tell people visiting from out-of-town that they "had to visit!" Now, not so much.The atmosphere was gone, the people (regular patrons/employees) were gone; the fried pickles were so-so, the cheese fries were not the legendary ones I remember, the hushpuppies were gone, and the black-bean veggie burger was some dried out piece-o-crap vs. the delicious runny mess that I longed for. What the hell happened? I came home and did some research on the Internet and apparently the former owners got the boot last October and the current owners are trying to franchise this once legendary establishment. Shame on you for turning the best diner experience EVER into some "Applebee-esque" nightmare.
3	Ah... The Penguin and all it's polemic. I wasn't part of this sissy fight between the Ballentines and the McCoys... I mean, Jimmy and Brian, but I do remember the way The Penguin was when J&B had it and the new Ballentine Penguin.So let's start with this so called "soul" everyone was so up in arms about losing. Yeah, I can admit, it's not there anymore. The place looks more polished and, at least when I was there, our waitstaff did not seem to blend in with your typical Plaza-Midwood natives. (But I've also been to The Diamond and the "soul" that once resided in The Penguin certainly did not migrate to The Diamond either). Aside from that though, it was like any other day at The Penguin during the day.We went around 6 or so on Friday so the place was fairly dead except for some families. Our waitress was very nice and engaging and suggested food and came around often and overall did an excellent job. The, whom I am assuming is the manger or owner, came over to our table and politely asked how our food was which always adds brownie points.We shared an order of fried pickles and they were as salty as J&B's version so nothing new there. I ordered the Killer Pimp dog which comes with Pimento Cheese and 3 fried pickles. It was NOT bad by ANY stretch of the imagination but there was nothing special to it either. I was expecting something different since I'd never heard of pimento cheese and fried pickles on a dog but ultimately it wasn't something I'd ever crave or order again. The onion rings were good for me, again, nothing to write home about but Becky thought they needed more salt.Our order came out fast and our beer was nice and cold. I can't say that I've any complaints about my visit to The Penguin. I don't think the food is any better or any worse and I certainly don't have to worry about picking favorites over The Diamond and The Penguin since they are now both comparably mediocre at best.
1	So sad! :-(The Penguin TM is a shadow of its former glory.  It seemed clean, didn't smell like smoke, the servers were friendly and lacked both tattoos and piercings. The prices are a bit higher (but not too high).I could get past all the cosmetic changes, but the onion rings were very bready (compared to the wonderful stringy goodness of before,) the burger was okay (the bun was too thick) but it didn't all melt together like it did before. The banana pudding was the proverbial lack of icing on your cake, it tasted a little lemon-y and was topped with enough whipped cream it you couldn't really get the actual flavor.Overall, the re-opened Penguin TM (yes, all instances of The Penguin in its new incarnation have a Trademark symbol which adds to the corporate feeling) seems like an attempt at its former glory by someone who'd visited the former Penguin a few times.If you never got to visit the Penguin in its previous incarnation, I'm sorry.If you did, join me in pouring one out.
1	Quoth theYerg, Nevermore...
1	Oh so disappointed.  I had not been back to the Penguin since it closed. Loved the old Penguin:  the food, the servers, and the atmosphere.  Took my Dad there all the time because he loved it - especially the single blockburger, fried dill pickles and the onion rings.  We were going to try the Diamond, but as we drove past the Penguin, my father noticed the Penguin was opened again and wanted to go (despite there being only 3 cars in the parking lot during the noon hour on a weekday.)  So we went to the Penguin.  A mistake.  Unlike the old Penguin's burger that was moist, not over-worked, and tasty, the hamburger was bland, tough, dry.  The onion rings were tasteless - some salt (not a lot) in the batter might help bring out the flavor.  And the fried dill pickles that were so good at the old Penguin were tough, dry, and tasted nasty - like fishy fried fish.  There were only three other tables with people.  The staff was ok, but not particularly friendly and seemed more interested in attending to themselves at the once crowded bar. What food they had to serve, gathered waiting in the kitchen.  Really very sad.  I hope they can get their act together.
5	This Diners, Drive Ins, and Dives joint is awesome. The grub is unique and affordable, and the prices are extremely low. It is not as "cool" as I thought it would be, but perhaps it is because it changed owners or something like that.It is a little past its 50's atmosphere though; it is more updated in terms of decor, but it still holds on to a tad of the grease spot flare.My Killer Pimp dog offered fried green tomatoes, pimento cheese, and a weenie on Texas toast. At $3, it was a great filling and messy piece of grub. The pimento cheese was creamy, and the pickles were thick cut and provided a crunch.I guess a lot of people dislike the change in ownership or whatever, but I enjoyed my experience there, so I do not have anything against the change. Sorry! Head to The Penguin if you are in Charlotte.
3	Although incredibly unhealthy, this place WAS pretty good. My most recent visit however was slightly disappointing. It appears, under new management they have started to remake a few of their recipes which has changed the taste of most of their dishes not too mention they have lost their much celebrated hushpuppies. I mean c'mon what's the South without hushpuppies!!
5	One of the spots on my bucket list, I'd been reading quite a few recent posts regarding the new ownership and how 'it's not the same'. Our visit the other day made me wonder how it could have been any better. The Penguin burger, a masterpiece, was instantly vying for a spot in the personal top-ten. Normally not drawn to 'theme' burgers - the Penguin was topped with homemade pimiento cheese and the fried dill pickles that helped put this place on the map. It was tremendous. Just enough toppings added to enhance the woulda-been-great-on-its-own burger -would order one on any trip back. Back to those pickles: Fried dill pickles, to the uninitiated, would not evoke cravings. These are the ultimate - perfect, crispy dills lightly battered and flash-fried. Served with house-made ranch that sent us scrambling for a recipe to recreate it on our own. The fried bologna sandwich was very good - they had the right bologna, smooth and sliced thick, but the smoked versions in Memphis are at the top of the list. Their interpretation of the pimiento cheese is excellent. Elevated with bacon and grilled on Texas toast, it will not let you down. The fries get a 5 outta six on the six pack scale. Service was friendly, attentive, and took just long enough to remind you that everything is made to order (we went around 2pm on Saturday of July 4th weekend). Can definitely say that its worth a detour - would go out of our way to return anytime we're near Charlotte.
4	Perfect hangover food. Greasy and yummy. Im pretty sure I gained weight last night. I love the combos idea. I like having my fries and drink included at one low price. Sweet tea was very good. The sweet potato fries come with a honey butter dip (pretty tasty) and the Onion rings came with ranch (mediocre). I ordered the chili hot dog. It was good but not fantastic. My friend ordered the black and blue burger. MUCH better. I may have to get that next time. We tried to order the famous fried pickles and they had sold out (it was about 9pm) so we ordered the chili cheese fries instead OMG I thought I was going to die and go to chili cheese fries heaven. Apparently the place gets pretty darn packed, but you can sit at the bar and get served immediately.
5	We first enjoyed the Penguin last year. A classic place with favorite-greasy-spoon/secret-gem-dive appeal. We again ate there this last week after buying a discount voucher through Livingsocial. After my purchase I learned it was under new ownership and that many former patrons were complaining. I was a bit nervous until we got there and saw the big crowd waiting to get in--just like before. We love, love, LOVED it! The food was absolutely fabulous (even my picky-picky, Princess and The Pea, never-ever-pleased, hard-to-take-anywhere-mother loved everything!) and the staff were outstandingly attentive and friendly. Every one of the kids, teens, and adults in our party of seven was completely happy with our experience at the "new" Penguin Drive-In. Fear not--it's as good as ever (though it's true there are no longer hush puppies on the menu.) Nothing Applebee's about it!
5	I have lived in Charlotte for much of my life and I have never been to this place. I happened to be over in the Plaza Midwood area (cool place) and I had heard that I should try the Penguin.  I never knew about old owners, but this was a during the day need some lunch type trip.  As soon as I walked in everyone was very friendly and welcomed me in.  Not in a CiCi's way though.  It was a little past normal lunch hours, but still people seated around. Crowd was diverse.  Couple drunk old timers at the bar were funny.I figured I would try the staple burger named after the restaurant. The Penguin.  As some have said its pimento cheese with deep fried pickles and onion rings as my side.  For all the comments Ive seen on here talking bad about it, I even made a comment to the bartender about how good it was.  Pickles were thick cut, burger was juicy.  Bun was a little large for the size of the burger, but it tasted really good.  I was surprised.  I had a couple beers for dessert.  The mug was frosted and refreshing on a hot summer day.  They even let me keep the mug because I asked for a souvenir cup and they were out so overall a very enjoyable lunch.  Not sure why the reviews are so mixed, but like I said didnt know the old place and went after peak hours.
2	I just moved to Charlotte and heard that Penguin was the place to go for the best burger in town. Unfortunately that is not true. The fried pickles were good, but the Penguin Burger was just as good as a burger you could at one of the many Cook-Out Restaurants around town. Also the service was mediocre and way over priced for the quality of food. So its best to avoid the Penguin Drive-In. There are so many better burger joints in town.
4	They ran out of their combo glassware and I was really looking forward to getting one with my chicken wrap combo!  Regardless, I appreciate the history behind this hole-in-the wall joint and even with the management change, I think the crowd of people waiting for a seat speak for itself.The food was greasy and delicious, just as I remembered it from my previous visits years ago.  Kids running galore and a full house definitely brings a family vibe to the place. Penguin, you are one star away from perfection.  Clean up the place a little bit and give my my combo mug- then you'd be perfect.
3	good stop, but didn't live up to the hype that I had heard of.  The service was great, I can't find any fault there.  The had a problem with their kegs, no big deal, but a little dissapointing, but not their problem.  Went with a group of 4, and they had burgers, while I tried the killer pimp.  Everyone liked their food, but it was nothing to jump up and down about.
2	The place was cool and had a fun vibe but was not overly impressed with the food. Nothing special about the burgers, fries, pickles etc.... Service was good, I guess I was expecting more from the reviews and the "legend" that is the Penguin.
1	Used to love this place but it has gone to s**t. The food isn't the same and neither is the atmosphere. My friend got food poisoning from a chicken sandwich he ate here and it messed him up for three days. Save your self a bad meal and walk around the corner. Its no longer the charlotte staple it once was
3	Ok...so this was actually the very first place I ever ate in Charlotte and I was pretty drunk.  I had never eaten fried food and and I love pickles (I admit to drinking pickles juice in my profile).  So when I tried fried pickles for the first time, I new that my move to Charlotte was the right one.  The Penguin has great cheap bbq, cheap beers, and a great location.
4	i've ate at the penguin several times now and it's always been delicious.  the fried pickles are by far my favorite menu item.  cheeseburgers are very good and i love the old fashion bottled soft drinks.the staff is very friendly and service is quick.  it's always packed & there is always a line waiting, but it moves fast so don't be turned off....stick around, it's worth it.if you sign-up for the "text club" you get an instant discount & they text you specials, freebies, & discounts each week.  pretty sweet deal!!
4	Had to go here - after all it was on drive ins, diners and dives - just ordered fries - these pickles were on the house - southern hospitality - staff was great - beer was cold And the food was good - fries and pickles - if u are on charlotte check it out
1	Visit THE DIAMOND for the Penguin goodies now.
2	I took an out-of-town friend to the Penguin in May for lunch.  They have legit burgers, but definitely fast food-esque.  We did get the fried pickles, and although I'm not a fried pickles fan, they are good.Likes:  Decent burgers when you're in a mood for fast food, the food came out really quickly and we didnt have to wait for a table.Dislikes:  It doesnt really have a divey atmosphere, it more feels like they're trying to hard to be divey.  I got pimento cheese on my burger (usually one of my favorite burger toppings) but it was just so-so.  I know I'm a Southern girl who is picky about her pimento cheese, but I had higher expectations.Take it or leave it:  I'm glad I went once, but I wouldnt go out of my way to go back if I were passing through Charlotte.
5	Yes I know this was on Food Network but it is well deserved.  Been here twice in only 2 wks visiting Charlotte.  The fried pickles are great and the burgers are great as well.  The staff both times have been extremely friendly and nice.
3	I've been to the Penguin a few times, and I'm pretty impressed by the food.  I've gotten different types of hotdogs each time, and they were great.  Their sweet tea is some of the best in Charlotte, which I think is really saying something.  However, their menu says it comes in a "souvenir cup," and I've always gotten it in a regular styrofoam cup.  I don't think that's a very good souvenir. I've also gotten pretty good service each time I went in.  One time, it was very busy, but we still managed to get our food pretty quickly.  That being said, even when it was very busy, they did not have someone sitting people at tables.  You had to fend for yourself, which led to some glaring from a group of who's potential table I might have stolen.  And it's so tiny in there, it's hard to find somewhere to wait for a table.  Plus, they have the tiniest bathroom I've ever been in.
2	Writing this review breaks my heart.  I have raved and raved about the penguin and been there several times. This time however was a big disappointment. They changed the management and the food went down hill with it.  Me and my friend drove across town because I could just imagine the juicy turkey burger and the fried pickles. Immediately I noticed something was different. Actually a couple of things were. It wasn't super crowded for one and the menu was significantly smaller. The description of my massive turkey burger sounded great but when it arrived it was on this plate and it looked very lonely not exactly what I was expecting.   I asked the waitress if they changed the menu and she said yes. Not good... Anyway the turkey burger was bland- it had no heart. My friend had a fried fish sandwich and she said it tasted like a ball of grease. I was disgusted. The one saving grace was the fries. They were nice and salty with some crunch and just the right amount of limpness from the grease. I can't say I will ever be going back unless the old menu comes back.  So sad....
5	Place is awesome and is always busy. When you go you HAVE to get the Fried Pickles they rock!! Service is awesome and the people are very friendly. It is real cool that when you leave they say "see you tomorrow."all in all you got to go and check it out!
1	drove by a cpl saturdays ago about 9 pm and i swear it was closed...lites off/2 cars,dark inside......sad that in checking the records it was almost a yr ago today this all blew up, and sad it took less than 9 mo's to ruin this place also heard from someone close to this situation; the savior who partnered wthe ballantynes and started all this, Martin Sprock, has bailed out on them and that some of the family are making overtures to brian/jimmy to come back home, lassie...come back home....be interesting to see: if this is true/if so will they reinvent the place again and get it back to its glory days or tell them to f-ck off.
5	I'm in college, i eat a lot of burgers. this place has always had the best hands down. people say the owners changing ruined it but i've been going here since 1994 and its still F***ing epic. if you want the old people to 'chill' with visit the diamond but if you want awesome food, service, and atmosphere, go here.
5	I love this place.  Total dive atmosphere.  Super Ice COLD beers.  I am not a huge hot dog fan, but I have to get one when I come here.  I usually get a small burger and a hot dog.  It is a small place, you almost always have to wait for a table, but it is worth it.  just get one of those ice cold beers while you wait.  It is a Charlotte landmark.
4	Popped in here on a late night run with only 20 minutes until they closed, which I hate doing because I know the grilles are clean and they are probably ready to leave.  Oh well, you wouldn't know that by the level of service and the greeting my girlfriend and I recieved.  I was sold on the pimento cheese hamburger served on a grilled and toasted slice of bread.  OMG....it was right on point!  I loved every ounce of it.  I highly recommend it to the pimento cheese lovers out there.  Along with the burger we munched on some fried pickles and literally were just in heaven!  I'll be back to the Penguin....and honestly...I don't care who owns or runs it if they serve food like this :)
4	The burger was really good and the fried pickles were awsome.  Although the wait staff was very friendly, we waited a really long time for our food!  Looked like there were alot of other people waiting too.  If the food had come in a more timely manner I would have said 5 stars.
2	Horrible waited two hours for food with  a party of 5...while two tops were served first.  If I were staying in Charlotte longer I would have left as one table did and my brother told the server to take the food back.  I thought the food was delicious, everyone who ate enjoyed it, but the server had no clue, the cooks seriously had their heads up their asses.  The pulled pork was great, the potato salad with its strange goopy appearance was tangy and went well with the pork.  However, my brother will not be reccomending this diner to any out of town visitors; I might with serious serious warnings to mowe down a bite of protein before you wait a hour to be seated another hour or more for food.  At least the famously delicious fried pickles arrived hot and on time.  Overall,  the food was not over the top, the atmosphere and decor, great, the clientele I wouldn't exactly classify a dudes with their hats on backswards as hipsters, too clean.  More like backwoodsy tryin' to be hipsterish.   Unfortunately for the server though apt...we agreed not to leave any gratuity.  His answers of 30 minutes turned into 2 hours.  Although they were featured on food network...that just might be a slight downgrade.
1	this place has been Charlotted. that means a place was once cool and now the soul has been sucked out of it.
5	I don't really know much about the politics behind the Penguin, so I'm just going to play the dumb blonde card, but I do know much about their delicious food.  I went with a group of 4 for lunch on a weekday.  We had no problem getting a table.  Parking was tight and I had to head across the street.  For an appetizer we ordered the fried pickles with their homemade dressing - OMG (sorry, I had to).  I'm honestly not a huge fan of fried pickles in general - these are the only ones that I will devour.  The dressing was like the icing to my perfect cake.  Truth be told, most items on the menu are not, shall we say..."healthy."  However, I decided to try my best, and ordered the grilled chicken salad with "the penguin" dressing on the side.  It was so big for just $5.99!  I was very content with this selection and in case you're curious, the dressing is a homemade vinaigrette (mmm).Our service was great.  I suck down diet coke like it's nobody's business and she was right on top of my ridiculous need for constant refills.  PS - I just don't ever think I'll have the guts to order the "I can hear you getting fatter" hot dog but I give props to those that can do it without having to unbutton your pants!
1	I had been to The Penguin many years ago and when Casey mentioned he had never been to the Charlotte landmark, we up and went. We ordered onion rings as a starter. Let me just say, WOW. Freaking delicious. Salty. Crunchy. Oniony goodness. I would go back, but only for this one item. Pretty much the best onion rings I've ever had.Then my entree came. I thought, Hey, a dive! They must surely do up a mean 'dog, so I ordered a pimento cheese hotdog, with a side of blackbean salad. Gross! The hotdog was flaccid as.. Well I wont go there, but suffice it to say that I was tremendously unsatisfied with that wiener. The pimento cheese wasn't bad, but it was nothing to write home about. And it made the bun so soggy that by the time I picked it up from my plate the dough was melting off and there i sat with a boiled weenie in my hand. I turned to the side for refuge, but the flavor was off. The cold corn and blackbeans looked deceptively inviting, but tasted like someone had cut up a spoiled onion and then put too much of it in the mix. I tried to eat it, but seriously couldnt manage. Thank god for those onion rings. I must have ordered all the wrong things.. Maybe burgers or grilled cheese would have been better. Either way, I dont recommend anyone go out of their way for this one, unless they are in the neighborhood, and hankering for some tasty onion rings.
4	A solid 3.5 ( come on 1/2 stars yelp!!!) What happens when my healthy-eating kick is going solid and I've started getting in a nice gym routine? Someone gives me their Groupon for the penguin that's about to expire, so obviously I am forced to use it right?!The place was SLAMMED, the owner (the daughter) explained that they usually serve roughly 60 sandwiches on a normal Tuesday night but that night they did 600! Woah, so we obviously knew it was going to take awhile.We went with the fried pickles for an app which were as delicious as ever.. I had the grilled chicken club on a wheat wrap with dressing on the side (attempting to be healthy-sorta) and then the sweet potato fries. My boyfriend had the Billygoat burger with fries. Both were very good and we were super full afterward. My boyfriend who is not a sweet potato fries fan loved mine - as they were a little different and dusted with cinnamon. There were some hiccups in the service as expected, my dressing on the side was missing- then the wrong kind given but I didn't say anything, they forgot to ring up a take-home item, drinks were slow...we saw a lot of food sitting under the lamps for awhile ( kitchen was kicking ass back there), but all in all our service was pretty awesome considering the severe shortage of staff and overflow of people.  We sat at the bar since we thought it would be quicker (it was), and she was extremely friendly and I must say without her I think the other servers would have crashed and burned...it wasn't looking too good for awhile there.  She did comp our food after the groupon (tax/tip etc) and I notice her do that for a lot of people. She had a great attitude and it really made the difference, servers should take notice! I will say the service (despite being slammed) and good food earn it enough of a reason to come back
2	Beware! Fried to die for.
4	For my 300th review.... a dive!So this is one of those places in Charlotte that makes me feel like I am in Venice Beach or Downtown LA...  it is a dive in the best sense of the word...Everyone has a favorite hot dog place, right? Mine is in East Los Angeles in a seedy part of town.. well, Penguins is one of those places where eating a hot dog makes total sense!Great diner style food, super cool atmosphere.. bordering on hipster, but not cheesy. The area surrounding the place is very complimentary to the it's style.I enjoyed the fried pickles as a southern treat that I usually wouldn't have and the dogs were very good. I haven't tried a burger here, but I will say they look delish.Dive-tastic!
3	Went to The Penguin after hearing about it from coworkers.  I was expecting a dive so I wasn't surprised, but it really wasn't that bad.  The burgers weren't really what we like, we aren't fans of pimento cheese which seems to be in a lot of the burgers.  The burgers were good but not fantastic like we had heard.  The fried pickles were really good with (I believe) homemade ranch.  The fries were awesome, stayed hot for a long time, super crunch.  Everything came out PIPING hot....which sucks when your really hungry:)  I don't know if we will be back but it was worth a try.
5	Tried this place 2 years ago after seeing it on Diner's, Drives, and Dine-ins, and fell IN LOVE! I went with a girlfriend before we had to go to work, and OMGOSH was it delicious. We both ordered a hotdog with chili, and I threw it out because the chili made my bun soggy and looked gray. The taste was so-so, but not worth finishing. We also ordered bbq wings, that had some sort off chilies in the sauce, and Oh-My were they AMAZING!! To this day, I have not had better wings. The fries were also tasty.Now to present day: my bosses went out to Penguin for lunch and brought me back a burger and fries. My burger had, chili, ketchup, mustard, lettuce and bbq sauce. Let me say that after eating that burger, I was in pure bliss. With each bite, the flavors exploded in my mouth! I was in heaven! I have been back and ordered that burger twice! I am soooo happy that Penguin is back and in business. But I will say their wings are NOT what they used to be. Those I will not be ordering again. But the burgers, oh yea, count me in!
2	Fried pickles were really good but the service was slow and it wasnt crowded so it shouldnt have bewn hard to keep up. Took forever to get a couple drinks to the table and the food entrees weren't anything to shout about. I had the Tommy Boy and it wasn't something I would say I have to have again. The atmosphere is kind of posh and unexciting as well.
4	This place is as heavy metal as a diner gets so if you're not down with some rock in the background on reasonably high volume don't bother.'But if you want a decent greasy burger with a generous portion of sides (the side of onion rings is a whole order!!!) you've come to the right place.I thought my penguin burger with fried pickles and pimento cheese was solid. This would be a great place for a post work beer and burger
5	Best fried pickles and food.  Wished they would open one up closer to home.
3	I hadn't checked out the Penguin before I moved away from Charlotte 5 years ago.  So on a recent visit I decided to check out their hamburger I had heard good things about.  Got there late and the place was packed.  I was fortunate to find a small table to sit at.Service was quick to take my order, and the burger appeared in an appropriate amount of time.  The burger was nice and moist, and all the flavors were solid.  I'd rate it as good for bar food.Didn't have time to hang for long, or check out the beer offerings as I had a long drive to go.   I'd definitely choose the burger again if I ever have a chance to visit in the future.
1	The people who made the penguin what it is were pushed out by the late property owners greedy ass daughter. WILL NEVER SPEND A DIME HERE
4	This place is somewhat of a staple so it is silly to write a review.  I mean, this restaurant has appeared on diners, drive-ins and dives so it has been nationally recognized! Either way, this isn't a place I frequent but when I have friends in town I like to go to the Penguin.  I am not a big burger and hot dog person but I come strictly for the fried pickles and the sweet potato fries that are accompanied with a honey butter sauce.  FINGER LICKING GOOD!!!!  The pickles are crunchy and the batter they are dipped in is perfect...not too much but not too little.  The homemade ranch sauce is also incredible.  It is a little runny but that is just the style..the flavor is perfected! I ordered the chicken Caesar wrap which I know is an unlikely option but it was really good.  It was fresh and just done really well!  One of the best I have ever had.  We ordered the sweet potato fries on the side and they were honestly amazing.  Long, lean, crunchy but not too crunchy..lean but still full...they were amazing.  The honey/cinnamon/butter you dip the fries in was worth making the whole trip.  If they had a bathtub full of that butter I would dive right in and eat up the whole tub.  SOO good.  The little side cup it comes in wasn't enough.  I found myself literally licking the bottom.  Again, I can't speak to the burgers and hot dogs but I will say it is worth coming just for the fried pickles and sweet potato fries.  The service is good and you can just relax in there.  They aren't trying to upsale or put any amount of pressure on you.  Come just as you are and eat just how you want!!
2	Don't be fooled, this place is nothing special! Had a BBQ sand and was nothing but disappointed. Why would anyone go out other their was to do a fried pickle? The sweet potato fries were nearly uneatable, once you got past the greasy exterior I think there was a sweet potato interior.
1	Folks, this isn't the same restaurant you've seen on Food Network and Travel Channel. In a nutshell, The Penguin was opened in 1954 by a man I'll call "Mr B". Around 10 years ago, two guys - Brian and Jimmy - took over the restaurant from Mr B, who has since died. Brian and Jimmy hired Greg to be head chef, and the "new" Penguin was a smash hit. However, when Brian and Jimmy's lease was up for renewal, Mr B's family decided to kick them out and hire Martin Sprock to turn it into a franchise.But how's the food? Sadly, a shadow of its former self. The fried pickles, once the star of the show, are greasy and soggy, and not nearly as good as before. I ordered the "Freak Flag Fly", a burger with queso, bacon and slaw, and was bitterly disappointed. The meat was dry and overdone, and flavor was... lacking. My fries were way too cool (almost cold) and lacked salt. My GF's onion rings were entirely too "bready", not like the delicious ones I remember from before. For the record, the new menu is actually larger than the previous menu. But one wonders why they should have a bigger menu if they can't even get basics like fries and rings right. And I also wonder why it took so long to get our food when there were only three other occupied tables at 7PM on a Thursday night.What's worse is that the ambiance is totally gone. It's still the same building, but the servers lack tattoos. The jukebox, once one of the most eclectic in Charlotte, is now Top 40. They even sell souvenirs now! It's like a Disney-fied version of the restaurant I once knew and loved! If you want to have the same food that made the Penguin such a success in the first place, try The Diamond next door (Brian and Jimmy's new place) or Pinky's Westside (Greg's new place). Both are delicious and authentic. The "new" Penguin is neither.
1	Frankly...I think Yelp needs to close this whole review section down and start over.  The reviews that come previous to the new ownership are for an entirely different restaurant all together. I'm not sure what happened or how it happened, but the whole appeal to the Penguin in the first place was the fight between its incredible ambiance and their wonderful food.  I guess if it were up to me...and I wanted to take over a 5-star diner...I would have kept around the people that knew what they were doing.I would certainly be pissed if I went here because of the Yelp reviews that refer to what the Penguin used to be.  This place is not worth your time or money.  I'm guessing it's owned by greedy people that decided to cash in and sell T-shirts.
1	I could just put a sad face here, and leave it at that, but then you wouldn't know the excruciating time we had at this place. Wow. I am EXTREMELY disappointed and I don't give one star reviews lightly!! After hearing how great this place was over and over and over, and that it was on Diners, drive Ins and dives I HAD to go. I'm a sucker for that sorta thing, and man did this place miss the mark. I can honestly say unless they make some serious changes I may never go back or give it a second glance. Parking was an adventure at this place.. the only spots open were close to a curb, so I decided to take my SUV and pretend it was a Jeep Wrangler. I got so frustrated trying to find a place to park on an empty stomach that I seriously just baja'd over the curb and bounced into the small spot that was waiting. When we came in, I was excited about this place. It had that old divey dinerish feel that I love and I figured there was NO way this place could be a miss. We got the menu and I thought everything sounded amazing! I ended up opting to make my own burger. Egg, mozzarella cheese & mayo. Pretty simple right? Well not for our server, she was apparently still drunk from her binge the night before. I know this because she told us, in her half arsed attempt of an apology. Sigh. I'll get there, don't you worry. I got my burger with fries. I'd asked for onion rings.... That wasn't that big of a deal, but it was only the beginning to the train wreck that was coming. The burger looked fantastic, and I couldn't wait to try it! Well I took that first bite and there was a taste I wasn't expecting... ONIONS. Really? So you forget the onion rings but you apparently added them to my burger, and went sans mayo. Good thing I like onions I guess. I just ate the burger and didn't say anything at first. My boyfriend ordered the BBQ sandwich with the sauce on the side and no coleslaw. She brings him the BBQ with no sauce, and coleslaw slathered on the top of it. He has to remind her that he asked for no coleslaw and the sauce on the side. She brings him two types of sauce to try and the sweeter of the two is a mustard based. How do I know this? Because she mixed the mustard in and a fat layer of yellow was on top the the smokey red. She didn't even mix it up or anything. Normally I'm not this picky of a person, but with every single thing that happened, I had enough. We asked her for a box twice, and took home the leftovers. She did apologize about her screw ups, and said, "I'm so sorry, I think I'm still half drunk. I'll give you a free dessert." I almost didn't get the dessert because by this point I had better things to do than spend any more of my time at the penguin. But she said banana pudding and I thought maybe that would bring them back up a star. She brought it over, I took a few bites and I just wasn't impressed. When we got home my stomach was all torn up, and I ended up throwing away the left overs. I didn't want to feel that way two days in a row. UGH. Sorry for the long winded review, but I warned you. My take on this place: :( Save your money, and keep the experience of what you saw on TV in your heart. This place is sure to disappoint.
5	GREASY GRUBS GALORE! Be prepared to feel insanely guilty post indulgence... but trust me, it will be WELL worth it! My cousin is visiting from California and I thought "Why not show him one of Charlotte's finest??" He ordered the food network's featured meal "Man VS Penguin." Ironic because penguins are fairly small and that pound burger was GI-NORMOUS (yes, that would be gigantically enormous)! Fair warning: it is a 3 patties burger that comes with TWO sticks.. how else would it hold up??  Let me teach you how to conquer this massive creation. Think of the burger as a skewer and just ATTACK! Once everything falls apart, transform the sticks into chop sticks and simply pick up the pieces. Well, that was my cousin's technique. Best way to top off a greasy burger you ask? FRIED PICKLES! SO crunchy, SO greasy but SOOO good!I ordered the Kitchen Sink burger with sweet potato fries. A burger with an onion ring, coleslaw AND pimento cheese.. mmm mmm yeahh! I rarely finish my burgers, but how could I put this to waste? OH and the fries.. Crinkle cut sweet potato fries! The fries had an interesting flavor.. possibly a hint of cinnamon in the batter. Does it matter what they put in it? NOPE, not really! Only disappointment is that I saw Funnel Cake Fries on the menu but had to save that for my next trip.This place opened in 1954 and is still around for a reason. Great people. Great prices. Great food! I have a warm, squishy part in my tummy for all the local mom and pop diners/restaurants and I'm glad to have Penguin around to satisfy my forever-hungry foodie needs!
3	The fried pickles were great, and the fries were so-so. I really wish the ownership never changed. From what i hear it is not the same as it used to be. Still i wont be too harsh on the ol' penguin. 3 stars for me
1	This place is not the same anymore.... Waited about an hour to get mediocre food... even the atmosphere is pretty lame now.
2	Food tasted fine once it actually got there but the service was terrible - everything took forever. We split a chicken sandwich with fries and a cheeseburger salad with the black bean burger. It was too expensive for what it was, especially considering the service.   After reading reviews more closely, we will try diamond next time instead.
3	We stopped by this place while passing through Charlotte. After hearing about this spot on TV I was excited to try their burgers. I got the Billy Goat (Bacon, Cheese, Bacon, Slaw) and was not overly impressed. The slaw was too dry, and the toppings over powered the patty. I wish I would have paid the extra $2 to make it a double. The service was just okay. When we walked in we were told to just grab a seat where ever. Once we were seated it took about 20 minutes to get our order in, and another 20 to get our food. They had 2 servers for about 15-20 tables, so it took forever to get anything. Overall, I wasn't too impressed with this place despite all the hype.
2	About 6 or 7 years ago I had the best fried chicken sandwich I've ever eaten at The Penguin. It even had a killer jukebox and atmosphere to match. I raved about it to anyone who'd listen since then, and tried to go back anytime I was in Charlotte.A couple months ago I was in Charlotte with two friends looking for grub late on Saturday night, so I thought "where better than the Penguin?" "Almost anywhere" would have been a good answer. Before we even walked in something was amiss. The crowds I remembered were gone, I think there was maybe one other table. There was a mediocre one-piece guitar/singer playing. The sandwich wasn't even on the menu anymore. We stuck it out, the food was okay, not anywhere close to what I remembered.I was embarassed to have brought my friends there, after talking it up so much. I was also very sad to learn later that apparently the management had changed, and that my experience likely was no fluke.
4	While in town for leisure, my foodie friend recommended that I go here. In all, I am glad she did. My friends and I came here around 11PM and though from the outside, it looks closed, it's just the inside lighting is very dimmed. Upon entering the place, there was a live solo acoustic performance. The performer was singing everything from Van Morrison to various classic rock. For the appetizers, we ordered the famous fried pickles. What also caught my attention was the fried mac n cheese bites. Though I'm not a big fan on fried pickles, I must say that the mac n cheese bites were bursting sensation of awesomeness. Crisp, crunchy, and "delicious mom made mac n cheese that reminded you of your glory days as a kid" were phenomenal. Must try! As for the burger, I had the kitchen sink. Very delicious indeed, especially the pimento cheese. Overall, if you're craving a delicious burger late at night, hop on over to this place while you enjoy some great music and beer!
2	My stomach is mad at me.  I wish I could tell it that it was all for a good cause, but the food was all salt and grease with no redeeming flavor to back it up.  I've read a couple reviews referring to a change in the restaurant.  I'm not sure if it used to be owned by someone else or something, but I expected a lot more from a place featured on Diners, Drive-ins and Dives.  The fried pickles were pretty spectacular but unfortunately was the only highlight of the evening.  The chili was too salty and seemed almost gritty and the "cheese" they put on top was mysterious.  The burgers were a bit dry and the onion rings were flavorless.  I did like the African hotdog, but the chili kind of ruined it.  I really wanted to love this place!  I wish I could go back in time and see what this place used to be.
4	BEST fried pickles in my life! I only travel to Charlotte occasionally on business, but when I'm in town the first place I hit up is the Penguin- just for the fried pickles.The sweet potato fries are also the best I've had- they have this brown sugar based dipping sauce that is out of this world. It actually was no longer on the menu last time I made a visit, but our hero of a waitor went in the back and whipped it up himself.The burgers are good and the BBQ is also pretty straight. But if you make the trip out to Penguin, you will be kicking yourself for the rest of your years if you don't order the fried pickles.
4	Another diners Dives and Drive-ins location.I believe this place was a drive in, but now its a Dive/ Dinerfood was amazing! service was great.prices were fair.ORDER THE SWEET POTATO FRIES!place is VERY loud. we took the kids, and while they LOVED the food, i found we all had to scream at each other to talk.I would def recommend this place, just make sure you are not looking for a quiet spot
4	It was the middle of the night, I was half drunk and hungry, and there was the Penguin Drive-In.  I knew it was on Diners, Drive-Ins, and Dives, so I headed in and grabbed the African Hot Dog, with bacon, chili, and cheese.  Very tasty. The surprise though was the fries.  Man, those were some good fries.  Hopefully I'll make it back to try one of their burgers real soon.
4	S.E. Hinton and her Rumble Fish/Outsiders friends love this place.  Greasers only.  Cuff your jeans and tuck in the white T gents.  Ponyboy and motorcycle boy would approve.  I am a man that enjoys a burger, and I like the meat to actually have taste.  The burgers here aren't the biggest, but they are tasty.  The buns don't assassinate the flavor of the meat.  The burger has great flavor (unlike 5 guys, which so many people love for some odd reason...they have the worst fries ever too; bland) and the bun is soft.  The atmosphere is great, it reminds of burger joints and diners back in NY.  I want to try some more food from here.  The onion rings are homemade; the batter was "ok."  I suggest this place.  I advocate supporting restaurants that provide good food, that don't overcharge, that have great character.  Time for a Pulp Fiction Travolta twist.  Motorcycle Boy - out.
3	Heard about this local establishment thanks to my sister who saw a profile of it on some Food Channel show. Stopped in at lunchtime to a full restaurant. My server was great. Wait time was a real pain in the booty though. The burger I had was delicious, but nothing special. It's one of those local places that gets too much hype.
1	Very disappointed in this restaurant.When we moved to Charlotte, The Penguin came highly recommended by locals so we wanted to check it out. We stopped in around 2pm on a Saturday hoping to have a good time. The waitress (I hesitate to give her this title because her apathetic attitude hardly lived up to anything resembling that of a waitress) was slow, inattentive and rude. I ordered the chicken tenders and 25 minutes later she stopped by the table and stated "what else do you want besides the chicken tenders" rather than apologizing that they were out of chicken tenders and offering to show me a menu so I could choose another option. I reluctantly  chose the mac and cheese and over the next 25 minutes was actually looking forward to them, but maybe that was just the intense hunger I was feeling after the long wait. When the food arrived, a basket of chicken tenders were placed in front of me as the waitress mumbled "oh, guess there were chicken tenders"  The entire order was incorrect and and the food was almost inedible. I don't complain about waiting a little longer  food if the food and service is worth it. Unfortunately, the food fell short of mediocre. Our food showed up cold and was not good.
4	Great food, great service and an overall great time. Have been meaning to try this place for a while and then last Friday, when having the reoccurring where to eat conversation I made the executive decision to finally give it a try. It wasn't overly crowded when we walked in and we were able to snag a booth- I love sitting in a booth, this already makes my meal 10x better. Before any discussion could even take place I was ordering the fried pickles based on the reviews. The hubs and I are not huge fans of the frickles but let me tell you, we were fighting over these. Yum! Both of us had burgers which were equally delicious. There was just the right amount of beef that was seasoned and and cooked to perfection!Top it all off with cheap beers- which showed up as being $.50 extra each on the bill, but before we could even say anything the server came over and apologized and gave us a corrected version. I mean how great is that- things happen and I love that he owned it and took care of it without us having to say a word! I want to eat here all the time- but my body won't have it so I will have to save it for times when the burger craving is simply just too much to ignore!
2	This was our first visit since the ownership has changed.  No longer "THE Penguin"... the fried pickles that used to be epic are now overly fried and not as juicy and tangy.  Overall, food was just not the same and grease abounds.  We were shocked that we were literally the only people eating dinner there since we've never been in a situation that we didn't have to wait for a table, but then after the new versions of the food... I unfortunately understand why.  What a bummer.
1	Just went there at 11pm on a sunday and they said they were closing because they weren't busy.  3 hours early and nothing else open in plaza midwood.
2	We waited 1.5 hours for a burger and chicken sandwich and I did not see the cow or the chicken in the back.  There were only 12 people here.  The manager comped us our meal and gave us free dessert - which was nice.The burger was bland, the chicken sandwich dry, and the dessert banana pudding was gross.  This was 100% miss for us.  This is our first DDD miss.  Guy F. What were you thinking, but hey, everyone has a bad day.
3	Once upon a time this establishment was one of my favorites, but since the change in ownership I can't exactly say the same anymore. The service and food have suffered in the aftermath and it seems that its customer base has noticed.  it used to be that I could go to the Penguin and have to wait almost an hour for a table and a mouthwatering Hemi and fried pickles but it seems like all the customers have jumped ship which gives the restaurant a very eerie ghost town fill to those of us that are used to the penguin in all its Food Network glory.  This  makes the food not taste as good in my opinion. Sometimes people don't care as much about the product as they about the story behind and hows it's sold to them.  The wait staff seems less that enthused to be there which also adds to the lack luster effect. If your looking for a good dive joint,  this will satisfy the urge but won't leave you wanting more.
2	Just like some other people have said its just not what it was. Burgers are just so so and ofcourse you can buy an overpriced shirt or glass go figure
3	The Penguin by name is a Charlotte classic. Unfortunately we didn't go earlier before the original place closed down, and only had the opportunity to go under the current ownership. While I can't compare it to how it used to be I can say that it is currently a decent burger joint. Not the best in the area, but still offers a solid burger experience.The place looks like a real dive on the inside and out, but it's more about the food than the ambiance (at least in my book.) The menu is a bit confusing since the one on the website is not the one same as what they give you in the restaurant, so if you saw something you liked online you will have to figure out it's new name listed on the restaurant's menu. Not a huge deal, but the least they could do is keep the website updated. I was surprised to see that they offered Stewart's Root Beer...something I haven't had since leaving New York almost two years ago. We each got a bottle of that delicious soda ($1.95) and enjoyed sipping on it while awaiting the arrival of our burgers.I ordered the Adelie burger ($7.95) and it was scrumptious. It's your basic "Carolina" or "Southern" burger in that it's topped with chili and cole slaw. The burger was a decent size and was delicious. The chili was a good chili and the slaw was crisp and tangy, bringing a variety of flavors to the overall burger. I had the sweet potato fries as a side and they were pretty dang good.My wife ordered the King Penguin ($7.95), simply because she is a sucker for pimento cheese and fried pickles. She really enjoyed both on her burger. She tried to be a bit healthier and ordered the cole slaw as a side rather than some fries, but that didn't stop her from stealing a healthy portion of mine.From a standalone point of view (not comparing it to the "glory days") the Penguin is a decent place to grab a burger. They are not the best burgers around but still a solid joint. The fact that the menu isn't up to date with what they actually offer and the cold, drafty interior definitely take some points away. I'd go back if I was in the area, but living in Huntersville it's a bit of a hike for us. And with Bad Daddy's serving up better burgers less than five minutes away I doubt we'll return.
4	Great food!
4	I saw this place on an episode of Man V. Food. So since I was on vacation in Charlotte I decided to try it. I had the hushpuppies which were good and the Billy Goat/the Kitchen Sink. I wanted to try the fried pickles but was in the mood. The burgers are a good size with quality meat and I am just sad that they didn't have any Penquin sauce available. But overall I like the place the food is good and the people are friendly.
3	Food: four-star, greasy diner food.Service: two stars. Slow as $&!%.We came in and ordered just after another group of four. They ate, paid and left before we got our food.Another couple came in about 15 minutes after us. They were nearly finished with their meal before we got our food!We probably sat for 45 minutes before getting our food, and ate it in less than ten. Weak, weak sauce.Decor: sort of a dive, has been an institution in the neighborhood for years.I had the Pittsburger with bacon. After being touted best burger in town, it's only just very good. Just average. What puts one burger over the top? I don't know, but service has to come into the equation somewhere...
4	Something I've learned here; never judge a book by its cover....it took us almost 15 minutes to decide if we wanna go in or not. Glad we did. Best fried pickles ever and the burgers are so delicious. I hope I can go there again before I kick the bucket. Oh, and PBR on tap...
1	I remember the days when I used to come to the penguin and you couldn't ever get a table. The food was great and the atmosphere was even better. When I recently went there everything about the restaurant was off putting.  The whole restaurant was dark and empty. I walked in no one greeted me. The covers on the windows were all peeling off and the whole building seems like an eerie shell of what it once was. I can't even review the food this time .... Couldn't stay long enough to eat.
4	Boy have there been LOTS of reviews on the Penguin Diner over the last few years. Many of them have been quite negative recently, but that appears to be changing. Well, I'm one of them who is trending upward, as I just ate here for my first time and I loved it! Understand that this is NOT the same Chef who was here when Guy Fieri came.First, I love a good juicy burger. I haven't had a ton of them here in Charlotte, but yes, there are a few (Liberty, Bernardins, Halcyon, etc.). I purposefully came well after lunch to avoid that crowd. The menu was simple, so I chose the mushroom swiss burger. Being a big guy and a burger lover, I ordered a double for $2.00 more. I asked for the Onion Rings as my side.Well, the burger was big, and very juicy! A lot of burger places grill them to "depleted uranium" doneness. Not here. It was medium to medium well, a discernible pink in the middle. Good toppings and nice bun. Overall a really good burger!But I can't say the same about their Onion Rings. I don't know what it is here in Charlotte. It seems that too many places Onion Rings are just plain flower with some seasoning, which makes for a flat, dry Onion Ring. I'd like to see more soda water batter. Their "Penguin Sauce" for the Rings was good.....almost like a milder Cholulu sauce. But the Rings need work guys!The wait staff was good, and the Manager (maybe Owner?) was there to greet and say goodbye and thank you. Overall I really liked the Penguin! I was apprehensive due to the many recent negative reviews. But I know my burgers, and this place does them good! I definitely will go back to try their other offerings!
2	I was really hopeful for the Penguin because I had 6 years ago and it was a pretty good experience. Unfortunately it was an awful experience this afternoon for lunch. There were only 2 other small groups there and our food took over 30 minutes. We ordered the fried pickles as an appetizer, which are close to $7, and they came in a SMALL cardboard container, enough for maybe 1 person's share of an appetizer. It was a rip off. The burger was mediocre, slightly dry and nothing spectacular. I've had better at home. At least the waitress was nice, but the overall restaurant was not a good one.... Spend less on a better burger elsewhere!
3	A friend of mine saw this place on a TV show and decided to drag me along to check the place out. I know this kind of restaurant well. The inside it clean but a little rough around the edges, which there is nothing at all wrong with. When I get on my motorcycle I hate riding to an chain restaurant simply because it is the same cookie cutter crap we all know and accept. This place was unique.The Waiter was very friendly and quick to joke. I would have given this place 4 or 5 stars, but while he was friendly he was a bit forgetful. My friend had to order the same drink 3 times before he got it, which took about 30 minutes. Also they had a number of things they were out of. The burger was very good. Not world class but worth every penny. My friend tried the burger challenge (1lb of beef plus a ton of other stuff) and was defeated. Not a bad place, but some supply and service issues.
4	While in Charlotte, we just could not pass up The Penguin.  I can eat a southern burger everyday and Ms T wanted the pimento cheese version.  So we drove up east and found it.  What a great greasy drive-in, a classic place.The burger patty is 1/3 lb with a loose, handmade texture and just right salt.  I had mine with slaw and chile.  The slaw is just not right for a burger.  I found it bland and the chop is much too coarse for eating on a sandwich be it dog or burger.  I added Texas Pete and salt to make it useful.  The chili was interesting, pretty mild with not really any chile flavor.  Though it had a good dose of black pepper and was actually pretty good.  I did not let the slaw spoil the burger though, I enjoyed it regardless and could have used another one but I ordered a chili dog.  I really liked the chili dog.  The dog itself was large and smoky in flavor.Ms T's pimento cheese burger was also very good, but she commented that it could have used a lot more of the pimento cheese.  It was kind of undetectable, but again it was a very good burger.The potato salad was mayo based, not sweet, which we liked and included some pimento.  This was well seasoned potato salad regardless of the potatoes being underdone.The sweet potato fries were very rippled and really very good.  They have a touch of cinnamon which I liked and Ms T does not.  They were served with honey mustard which was not really needed or even a good match. The Penguin has a definite attitude or personality that shows up in not making things like every other place and I'm sure that is part of its appeal.  Cole slaw preferences aside, this was a great burger and I would return in a heartbeat assuming after I eat a few, my heart will still function.
4	Like many other people, I try things after I see them on TV and after seeing Man v. Food feature this place, had to of course try it out.  Man, I am so happy I did!Situated in my favorite neighborhood in Charlotte, Plaza Midwood, Penguin is an unassuming place, save for their rotating sign up in the front.  When you walk in, it looks like a hole in the wall and then you enjoy the company of some fun, friendly servers and delicious burgers and you are so glad you decided to pull up to it.  Their burgers are really yummy and their pimento cheese?  To. Die. For.Be warned, their portions in my mind are pretty hefty, so I would recommend saving yourself the heart attack later and splitting with someone.
1	When my family and I walked in the restaurant was full, and no exaggeration, not one table had any good on it. Finally someone got up to leave, so we sat down. After waiting for about 10 min with no attention other customers leaned over and said they had been there for over an hour and half and were still waiting. We finally left with no service whatsoever. I am upset because I was really looking forward to eating here. The menu looked great! If they can get their act together, I may try this place again. Otherwise, don't waste your time.I've actually been back since this review. This time the waitress actually came to the table. She was nice, but the food is horrible. Fried pickles and hotdogs are fine. The actual burgers resemble a texture as if someone liquified the meat and then congealed it back together to form a patty. I had a hard time putting this mess in my mouth. The toppings are unique because you get pimento cheese and fried pickles on your burger, but who cares? With patties that bad, toppings don't matter.
4	It's almost impossible for me to visit a new city and NOT find a Triple D (Diners, Drive-ins & Dives) or a Man vs. Food location to indulge myself with delicious and unhealthy food.The Penguin is a place you'd definitely miss unless you were looking for it (you'd probably only catch a glimpse as you sped on by of the huge revolving sign that's detached from the actual establishment), but please don't discount this restaurant based off the look of it! The Mac n' Cheese bites are delectable and the burgers are to die for! Massive in size and satisfying in flavor. I had The King Penguin - nothing special as to the ingredients, but it was absolute perfection.Sit at the bar and have yourself a great meal while chatting with a British bartender/waiter!
2	Despite being told by our waitress that The Penguin had NOT changed hands, one taste of the food proved otherwise. The fries that used to be batter dipped and fried to perfection were greasy and tasted of rank oil. A table of five people couldn't manage to stomach one side order of them.   The pimento cheese and fried pickles on my Pimp Dog were ice cold. I expected gooey melting cheese and fresh out of the deep fryer pickles...the "chef" had other ideas. My son had the tempura fried hot dog, he peeled the batter off because it was not good. The coleslaw was not good. This was the first time I had taken my husband and daughter and they both said they would not eat there again. The menu is different than it used to be also. They no longer have the sides listed on the menu, the server tells you what is available that day. They had their disgusting fries, potato salad,  and coleslaw when we were there. Want onion rings?  You can get them, but not as a side..not even as an "upgrade". They will charge you over 5 bucks for a basket of the salt less, over fried things. The only thing that was actually good was the Penguin sauce. We were the only customers in the place, so I wouldn't  think that expecting hot, freshly prepared food was too much to ask or expect. The other times I have been there the food has been amazing and worth the drive, but it is obvious that something has gone horribly wrong over at The Penguin.  Sad to say, but considering the bad food and the high prices they expect you to pay I probably won`t be going back anytime soon.
5	When approaching it looks like an old fashioned diner but with a lively look and feel.  The theme appears a bit NASCAR to my idea. Red and black checkered floor, red tables and bar stools.  Just taking it in I loved it.Tonight (Saturday), isn't crowded at all therefore service was attentive.  Try one of their Drama Dogs or the Top "Fly" Burger selections.I can totally see why Guy Fieri stopped at Penguins. My "Bruised Bird (Bleu Cheese Burger) was incredible!  Since it didn't come with this burger I asked for the Famous Penguin Sauce on the side.  Wow, I nearly fainted (unforgettable!).  And the burger was cooked to perfection.The frys were not your typical, they were blackened just as the burger was.  I took a chance on the Famouse Penguin Fried Pickles---they too were out of this world.My only disappointment was there were no more hush puppies :(Well I guess I will have to......COME BACK :)))
4	We went to the Penguin after seeing it on DDD.  We went as soon as they opened on Sunday morning.  We started off with the Pimento cheese fried pickles with bacon.  I am not a huge fan of fried pickles - but wow - I COULD NOT stop eating them.  I got a hot dog - it was pretty good.  The husband got a burger - he said it was really good and juicy.  We will def be going back to visit.  Warning - the place is pretty small - so I'd go when you know it won't be crowded.
1	A few of us from my office went to the Penguin for lunch. The quality of the food is great, but the insouciant attitudes of the waitstaff made this a very poor visit. It took fifteen minutes before we were approached to place an order. When we received our food, it was nothing like we had ordered! I had ordered a 1/3 pound burger with mayo, lettuce, american cheese, and onion straws - what I received was a hot dog with the very same condiments. Seriously - lettuce on a hot dog?! I actually had to laugh. None of my other office mates had their orders done correctly either. The fried pickles made up somewhat for the messed-up food but the whole experience left a bad taste in my mouth. I will not be back to eat at the Penguin - sad, because it looked really promising.
1	The food that made the Penguin famous is around the corner at the Diamond Restaurant. I was at the Penguin on its last night before the ownership kicked out the cooks and staff over a lease dispute. The fried pickles and burgers that got the Penguin on Food Network and Travel Channel are at the Diamond every day, and they are every bit as good. I went to the penguin tonight to give it a chance and see if it still offered something worthy of its iconic name, but was sorely disappointed. The fried pickles were thicker, not breaded enough, not fried enough. The service was halfhearted. The burgers, which had before instantly earned best burger of my life honors, were horrible. Less than family barbecue quality. Fries were undercooked.  Buns disintegrated. Toppings unremarkable. Terrible patties. Overall service bad, restaurant empty. The small block at the Diamond is the burger  I fell in love with. As are Charlottes best fried pickles. The Penguin Drive In lives on with the people that made it what it was, and they are cooking up food every day at the Diamond Restaurant.  A name is just a name.  Do yourself a favor and try the Diamond instead.
5	This is a must for anyone who lives in Charlotte and its a great place to brings friends who are in town visiting.  A true Charlotte landmark.
2	Diet coke? We're all out (regular coke too!)Coffee? Don't have that hereSub fried pickles for your side of fries? No substitutionsBurger cooked anything but medium well? No way! ("It's illegal..."??)We figured we should visit this "iconic" Charlotte drive in but were anything but impressed. Between the three of us we tried a couple burgers and a chicken salad.Verdict: the fries weren't crispy, the hamburger buns were stale and the wait staff wasn't accommodating in the least. Not sure what all the hype is about.
4	Went on a Friday night with my tween daughter.   We ordered the macaroni & cheese bites as an appetizer.  DELISH!  yummy, cheesy and moist inside.  Crunchy on the outside.   For our main entree,  I had the Pimiento Burger which was AWESOME! The seasoning on the meat was like a homemade burger.  Juicy and Thick.   My daughter had a Hotdog with Onion Rings on top.  She liked it a lot, but I don't think she was super impressed.   Dessert:  Funnel Cake Fries were very interesting but didn't care of the Hershey syrup on the side.  I had the banana pudding and it left much to be desired.  Mushy slop and not visually appealing.     All in all,  the experience was good because the burger was a BIG HIT and the mac n cheese bites were EXCELLENT.  Will return for sure.
4	My boyfriend and I love the show Diners, Drive-Ins and Dives, so we were looking for some places to check out while we were in Charlotte. The Penguin wasn't too far of a drive from where we were staying, so we decided to head over there. It looks a bit like a hole-in-the-wall  and the inside looks like an old-fashioned '50s diner, but that just added to the charm.I'm a Pittsburgh native, so as soon as I saw a burger called "The Pittsburger" my mind was made up (though ALL the burgers sounded delicious). Since fries already come on the burger, I opted for fried mushrooms as my side. They were delicious! My boyfriend thought so, too. My burger was great as well -- perfectly seasoned and cooked.Our waitress was very pleasant and attentive, though one of us didn't get quite what we ordered. The 7-year-old we were with ordered the Kids Minis (two mini burgers) but ended up with what looked like a regular-sized burger like mine and my boyfriend's. But the food was so tasty we didn't complain.This also seems like a cool place to come later at night. I'd like to sit at the bar and have a few $2 PBR tallboys!
5	I effin LOVE the Penguin!I fly my effin' freak flag at the Pen every time I'm in Charlotte.  That burger rawks!  Pair it with a nice 2012 Pabst or a bottle of Cheerwine and throw in some fried pickles and you, my friend, are good to go.  You're in the South, mothertrucker!  Don't!  Do NOT!  DO NOT EVEN THIIIIIIINK about leaving without grabbing a banana pudding.  You can even take it to go, but do not leave that restaurant without banana pudding in either your stomach or your hand.  It's one of the few places on this planet I actually invested in the apparel they had for sale.  That's how much I like the place.  I had to get myself a Penguin Drive-In trucker hat.  Then my Charlotte girlfriend's dog ate it and it's been lost until I return to the Pen for another one.  Then again, the more I think about it, the whole "my dog ate it" sounds like bewlshlt, right?  Now I'm pissed.  But I still love the Penguin.  Five stars, bitches!
1	Not the same place from triple d. Service was piss poor and food came out cold. Didn't even get the check just put money on the table and left after waiting 30+ mins but wish I would have dined and dashed.
1	Wow!! BIG! BIG!! BIG!!! DISAPPOINTMENT!!!Road-tripping from the A-T-L to Greensboro. Found this landmark place on 'Best Ever Road Trip' App. Went out of our way to get there.We're traveling with our dog so my hubby took her for a walk and waited outside for me.My first impression was great - the ambiance was retro-chic, nice and clean. (I was even open to to overlooking the strong aroma of fried-food and somewhat smoky haze from said fried food.)However, almost as soon as I was diggin' on the cool vibe, my perception was dashed.There were 3 waitresses on duty - no acknowledgement from any of them. Dining room wasn't even half full (it was mid-afternoon, between lunch and dinner times). No customers at the bar. I wait there. And wait. And finally get the attention of the waitress behind the bar. She smiles and says, "Hi". I smile back and say hi and ask if they do take-out. She shakes head, yes. I go to restroom and then go back to the bar and wait for someone to offer me a menu. Nope.I find them stacked up behind the cash register and help myself and ask the waitress behind the bar for a sweet tea and am served. I take the menu outside to my husband. He makes his selection and I return to the bar and proceed to stand there waiting for someone to offer to take my order. Still no dialogue or a request to get my order.I ask the waitress behind the bar if I could order with her. She timidly indicates that I can. I place my order (a side of onion rings, fried bologna sandwich and coke for the hubs and a 12' Killer Pimp hot dog [pimento and fried pickles] for me). Pay the $24.22 total and leave $2.78 on the bar and then I wait. And wait. And wait. And wait. And wait. And wait.Finally! Two 6" dogs are wrapped in foil and placed on the food line. (The 12" dog is actually two 6" dogs - but, whatever.)Then the onion rings come up - so I take them out to my waiting husband and head back in and finally get the bologna sandwich.With order in hand, I join my husband sitting outside on the beautiful old church pew. I open one dog and it's naked. I inspect the other and it's naked as well so I head back inside with them and tell the waitress behind the bar that they are not what I ordered. She asks, "What did you order?" I reminded her.Mind you, she had maybe ONE order between the time she took mine and when I got it - a lot of time did pass in that timeframe - I guess that's easy to forget - if you're mindless!Anyway, she told the cook behind the line. He told her something and she relayed to me that she entered the order incorrectly and added a half-assed, "I'm sorry".I told her it was okay and this is where it went wrong.In the meantime, several tables had filled and meal orders were placed.Having worked in many, many dining establishments thru high school, college and beyond - if an order was wrong, efforts were put in place to get the corrected order out to the customer - no matter how many subsequent orders have since come in.As I sat at the bar, I watched AT LEAST 10 meals come up. So I asked the waitress, "When will my order be ready?" I told her that we are traveling but came out of our way to stop and didn't think it would take so long.She went over, asked the knucklehead behind the line, came back over to me and said, "Ummm, probably another 5 or 10 minutes."RIDICULOUS!!! I went outside, got the trash from my husband's lunch to throw away - no trashcan outside. I took it back inside, left it on the bar and we left The Penguin Drive-in.If we ever drive through Charlotte again, we will NEVER go back to The Penguin Drive-in. The neighborhood seemed like a happening place and there were several other options so we'd give one of those a try.This Penguin should be an endangered species!
4	Great Fried pickles. The burger was excellent. The fries and onion rings were fantastic. A true Charlotte Gem. Highly recommended if you want a good hamburger.
2	Just OK in my book. I've had better burgers in Charlotte. The sweet potato fries were very good. The regular fries were fine - but the portion was pretty small. The service was efficient - no complaints.Never been there in the past, so I don't have an opinion on the old management/new management debate.
3	You call it. Night already starting right. The burger was ok . I like the pimento chesse. The burger was seasoned. If I had to come back to charlotte , I would comeback , but I wouldn't say it a place you have to try.
2	This place was rated so many times to be so "atomic" because of it's dive-y atmosphere, but the food wasn't all that?? After indulging in the excitement, we realized, it was just your every day burger and hot-dog joint. No special tasty to any of it. Sorry Penguin Drive-in. We tried to side with you bc of Food Network. Try adding some salt and pepper and fun toppings to make this place tasty.- Mac & Cheese Bites- The Penguin King Burger - pimento cheese, fried pickles, lettuce, mayo- Killer Pimp Hotdog - pimento cheese, fried pickles- Seasoned Fries
1	Apparently this is NOT the Diners, Drive Inns and Dives Penguin. I was informed that the original owners moved to a different location. This one is under new management/ownership. First impressions were not good to start with. The bathrooms are gross and they have a condiment squeeze bottle for the soap. The service was friendly and I think that they did try. It was very loud in there and the waiter got one of our orders wrong and he forgot to bring out more drinks. This was after waiting over an hour for hamburgers and hotdogs! Ridiculous! The fries appeared to be fresh hand cut however, they were limp and cold and tasted old. They were also way to heavily salted. All of us had such a bad experience that you could not convince us to return. It was gross and very disappointing. I really don't understand how this place stays in business
1	If you look closely, there is a 50 cent charge for water. It is not itemized on the receipt. The charge is hidden. Extra sauces are $1 (pricey in my opinion). Usually out of several menu items at a time. Sodas and tea are $2.75 (more expensive than a beer).
1	This place is a mere shell of what it used to be.We went on a Tuesday night and when we got inside, we saw that there were only 5 other tables seated. We made the assumption that our waitress was either the manager or the owner, but she did greet us with an over joyous greeting that was laced with saccharine sweetness. She took our order very promptly and brought our beers and waters just as quick. The beer was perfectly chilled, but the water obviously came from the soda fountain, which by the sweet taste, had not been cleaned in quite some time. After she brought us our drinks, she never once returned to our table for the remainder of the evening. We then proceeded to just sit there at our table and be  ignored by what we assume was the entire staff, which we think there were only two. The only other waiter did check on us once, but that was when my beer was half full. He spent the rest of the time making apologies to the other tables for various reasons, but it was clear that there was some major confusion going on between the wait staff and the kitchen staff. I noticed that two tables' orders had to be sent back to the kitchen, of which one table decided to not wait for the correct order to come back and went to the counter to cash out. The other table, which was seated beside us, received their appetizer after the meal and commented that the order was wrong, but they would deal with it. In the same conversation,  they asked for the check as well. The table behind us didn't wait for their food at all and got up and left. We followed suit by telling the waiter that if our food wasn't ready at that moment to bring the check for the beer and we were going to leave. He dropped our check, took our money and then disappeared for 10 minutes. He finally brought back my change and I grabbed it all and left.On our way out, our hostess stopped us to apologize and we told her how disappointed we were and that something obviously was wrong if the entire restaurant was leaving. I was upset that I didn't get to try the new Penguin, but I was relived that the Diamond was open and that they got us in, seated and eating in under 10 minutes. Our waiter also got a 40% tip as well.Our advice to the manager of the Penguin is that if you want to keep this place open, do more at the beginning of a patron's visit than at the end. It's harder to repair a negative visit than it is to prevent one.
1	10/7/2013This restaurant is unbelievable I go to this restaurant to order hamburgers and french fries it took 10 minutes for the waitress to come back to tell me there out of ground-beef REALLY & offers  Me to order  a hot dogs instead and it took 10 minutes  to figure out that you don't have any more ground meat in your establishment a hamburger place???
2	Well here I am doing an update a couple years later on the good ol' penguin. There was a rapid decline of this burger joint once new management took over. The original chef left and with that he took the delicious tasting burgers and fried pickles with him! There is nothing great about this place any longer and I have complained to the manager at least once about how the prices went up and the quality of the food went down. They never had anything to say about it, just "Im sorry you feel that way" maybe they should get a clue before they go bankrupt. I refuse to go there anymore and that is a great loss for me, since this place was my number one choice for a tasty burger.
1	We came here on the recommendation of a friend who saw it featured on the Food Network.  When we got there, the place was full, and the waitress told us that there was one group of 4 in line in front of us and she didn't know how long it would be. Kind of annoying, but we were willing to be patient even though we were starving (note, we came here post-half marathon, so we may have been a little hangry).We found 4 stools at the bar, and the customers at the bar were willing to shuffle a little to let us sit down there, but once we sat down, the waitress behind the bar told us that the group at one of the booths were leaving and we could sit there.  We sat, and the other waitress came over and scolded us for sitting! The other group that "was in front of us" was nowhere to be found, otherwise we would have just stayed at the bar.We ordered. Then waited. And waited. And waited. Over an hour and a half passed, and we still had no food, no apps. We all ordered water to drink, so that's  all we had, The only good part is that the waitress did come refill our waters fairly regularly. We watched a few other tables get their food, only to see that the order was completely wrong, and one table just left money for their apps and left after 2 wrong orders served.Finally, we called the waitress over so we could ask about how much longer it would be, since we were starving! She said she had no idea, and didn't even offer to check to see if our orders had been started. She just offered to cancel them, so we did and left.So, hugely disappointing.  We didn't even get to try the fried pickles. I guess if you have plenty of time to wait, this would be ok, but for burgers and fries...? Not worth it.
1	So I am sad to write this review but my wife and I just had the worst food and service at the Penguin. For such an iconic venue and reputation for good food it doesn't make sense to have to wait one (1) hour for two burgers and fries. There were three tables that sat down after us, got their food and left before we got our food. The bergers were fair at best and the fries raw and full of grease. We have too many berger choices to waste time here again. I guess the 3 stars is as good as it gets for the Peguin.
2	My husband and I met 2 friends here last night (Saturday night) around 7:30pm. There weren't many people there, so we were able to get a seat immediately. The place just seems like it's in shambles.They were out of several things (including black bean burgers, some of the beers, only had 2 sides, out of coke)The menu is totally different (significantly smaller selection - only 1 page front)Sweet tea was not sweet Took an hour to get our food once we ordered 2 of the 4 people had incorrect food (I.e. Mayo when requested no mayo, switched 2 people's orders, lettuce when requested no lettuce). When we sent back the mayo burger that had requested none, all they did was wipe off the burger patty.We left around 9:15, so had an overall almost 2 hour dinner at a fried food restaurant. No one apologized or took anything off our bill to make up for the chaos. The burger was decent, cheer wine was delicious, but nothing that justifies the terrible service and confusion.
5	Put the penguin in my mouth. I want all of it, hell I'd even dumpster dive for sloppy seconds if I wasn't so sure my girlfriend would consider it cheating.I had the Billy Goat burger, and I will be returning to try the rest. Our waitress was also hilarious, this place doesn't disappoint.
4	I'm a fairly newcomer to the Penguin, having only been here three or four times.  So, I can't really speak much on how the drama of the management change has affected the place, as many others have cited.  Still, the plain truth of the matter is it's a great burger joint.  Is it perfect?  No. But the food is tasty and the staff are nice.  I got as I most often do, the Pimento Cheese burger.  Also got a fried pickles basket.  The burger was delicious, but falls apart one or two bites into it - consider asking for a fork.  The fried pickles do need to be thinner and have more breading, but again, they are still yummy.  They also need to offer a "side" of fried pickles for those who don't want to order the giant basket.  The movie "Bad Grandpa" filmed a scene here I'm told, and the waitress was very excited to tell me about it today.  My only complaint for today's visit was the wait.  It was long, but again, the food was worth it. They always seem to be understaffed here, and that concerns me a a bit.  I was pleasantly surprised today that they had free wifi.  These days that's pretty important to me.  So, if you want a no frills place with great burgers, you can't go wrong here.  Don't expect perfection, but you'll have a good experience.
4	Was in town for business since the movie Bad Grandpa just came out had to stop by.I have to say I was disappointed there was no large penguin in the parking lot (added for movie).  Kitchen sink burger was okay (nothing special).  Onion rings were really good as were the deep fried pickles (just changed the oil).  If you need to grab a quick bite to eat maybe try a to-go order instead.
2	Holy moly!  Don't come on a Sunday!   Out of veggie burger's, mac & cheese bits and coke!  Then the fryer went out!!!There were 7 of us and at least half of us got something spilled on us by our server!
5	OK, stopped by The Penguin with a couple of friends when we were in town this weekend for a playoff game.  Was sat night around 9 and the staff were still super courteous and friendly!  The young lady at the bar and the tall server guy were extremely polite, even though we supported the 49ers, and were always quick to serve!  We each ordered something different off the menu and each one of us really enjoyed the food!  The kitchen sink burger was by far our favorite, and the fried mac and cheese balls were outstanding!  Great food for a great price, wonderful staff!  We were so impressed when we left on Monday we stopped in again for lunch! Same great experience!  The owner was there when we stopped in for lunch she was a very pleasant, beautiful woman who you could tell really enjoyed her restaurant and did everything she could to make sure the customer had a wonderful experience!  Would come back again!
1	First of all, burgers have buns, not toasted white bread. 2 out of 4 orders were wrong toppings. No refills on drinks, never once asked how the food was, and it took 45 minutes to get us 4 orders. What the hell has this place become?
5	Second visit! Staff was amazing and food was awesome.  Gotta try the hot dogs and fried pickles.
3	Cool little spot! Food is decent but nothing special. Service is friendly but a little slow.
2	Waited 2 full hours till our order came to us.. LITERALLY 2 hours. Food was okay but not great. Waiter and waitress are fine but what a lousy excuse they had.. "We ran out of hamburger buns" then... "Your first waiter put in the order but we somehow lost the order"
1	The only reason I rated this place one star at all because the waitress was so sweet. She was very nice. But the food... was greasy and gross. I am very dissatisified. I have the grilled cheese which appears to have been made with wonderbread and kraft chese, with grease coated fries. Everything is fried and hard to swallow. No sodas (which did not bother me because I do not like soda, but it is unusual) , and no milk/lemonade, and you are served in plastic cups... I come for good food and a nice resturaunt experience. Only plus is the waitresses are darlings... Do. Not. Eat. Here. If. You. Love. Your. Body.
1	Soooo disappointed!!!  Took some friends who had never been and it was terrible!!  $83 for 2 adults and 3 kids and almost 2 hours waiting for food!  Service was terrible!!  They were out of chicken, juice, tea, lemonade and half the menu.  Cooks looked like they were cooking but NO food was going to tables!  They didnt even comp our apps or club sodas for the long wait!!  Seriously, charged us $1.50 for club sodas! Come on!  Get it together!!  Will never go back after that!  DO NOT go here!  There are plenty of amazing restaurants in NODA that deserve your patronage!  This one is not one if them!
2	I first went to the Penguin in 2008 and it was awesome.  Hip vibe, crowded, cold beer, and delicious food.  Alas, time has not been kind to the penguin.  I have tried it several times since then when I found myself in downtown Charlotte and it has gotten progressively worse each time.The food is still good - how can you go wrong with pimento cheese?  However, the servers are clueless, the service slow, the menu is smaller, the beer selection is limited, the kitchen is slower.  It is sad because the neighborhood has finally caught up with the coolness of what the Penguin used to be.  Do yourself a favor and try one of the many new restaurants that have opened while the Penguin was resting on its TV appearances.  Going to the Penguin will just leave you disappointed.
1	I am really, REALLY sorry The Penguin seems to have taken such a dive - no pun intended. Went there Saturday: one server, one cook, no french fries, several menu items weren't available. Hot dog was ok, onion rings were pretty much unidentifiable. SAD. This place needs someone to go in, take over and bring it back. This place need some definite love. It couldn't be in a more perfect neighborhood.
3	As soon as we sat down my friend and I were told they we're out of bacon, chili & queso... Those three things are on half the menu. I did get the burger with fries on top which was very tasty. They also had a special house sauce "penguin sauce" which went well with the fries ... Had a bit of a kick! I did want to get some penguin merchandise... But I couldn't bring myself to spend $20 on a shirt!!
1	I have zero inkling as to how anyone can rate this place more than 1 star.  I went there today after looking up great burgers and seeing that Food Network was there so we gave it a go.WHAT A MISTAKE!!!Horrible service-  the weirdo guy forgot orders of drinks and food every time we asked for something. (Makes me really question the person that hired this guy)Drinks- the 'unlimited soda' is pretty limited to sugar corn syrup.  We sent back our cokes and thought the ginger ale would be better off... NOPE.Food- the burgers were overcooked, overpriced, and plain flavored.  The fries and onion rings were so greasy that it was instant heartburn.The ambiance- blasting radio station and dirty table tops.... Yummmm!Booooo!!!! to Food Network and Guy Fieri for putting their stamp of approval on this place.Don't do it. Save your money and your appetite for the other foodie places in CLT.
5	Oh my gosh the food was so good!!!! You have to try the chili queso and jalepeno hot dogs I got that along with some fried pickles and a coke. You can't beat it service was amazing with new staff that is 10 times better, owner personally greeted me while I was at the table and gave me some of the history from when her dad started in 1954. This place is landmark for Charlotte and a must try!!
4	Sampled the onion rings, fried pickles and had a vegetarian hot dog. Very pleased with everything I had. Neighborhood is a little eclectic which mad for interesting people watching. Minor disappointment, after a long day driving to Charlotte, I was looking forward to a glass of wine with dinner. But, they do not serve beer or wine! Wait staff friendly and service prompt. Well worth a visit.
1	Sigh. I'm updating my yelp reviews. As most people in QC know- the penguin is no longer the penguin.I'm not one of those zealots who wants to throw a brick in their window. No, I legitimately tried to stay open minded about the greedy change.IT JUST ISN'T GOOD ANYMORE. The prices are higher. The food isn't as good. Boo.
1	HORRIBLE service! Half of the staff walked out of the place while we were sitting there. Not very clean either.
1	Guess I'll give it 1 star since I can't give any less. This is surely not the same Penguin that was featured on two TV shows. Apparently it has changed hands. How much longer can these new owners ride the Triple D and Man V Food wave before everyone finds out how crappy the place is now. Service was the worse I've ever experienced. One worker even appeared high or hungover.  It was hotter than Hades in there. Probably didn't have the A/C on since they're not making money. Watched 3 groups of people walked out since no server acknowledged them. When our food finally arrived it was missing our appetizers. Turns out they didn't even start making them.  Servers blamed the cook, but I noticed they didn't offer in any way to help catch up on orders. Sad to see such an icon in the Queen City just go to waste due to poor management.
2	Had to try it- couldn't resist, but can't say I loved it.  Or, really even liked it all that much.  Fried pickles w/ pimento cheese and bacon should be the food of gods, but we didn't even finish a plate between 3 people.  A little soggy and a LOT salty.  And before you say what can you expect from pickles, bacon, and cheese- I think they actually ADDED salt.  So, something was off there. Burger was decent-  patty was a little plain and grayish, but overall tasty w/ onions, mushrooms and swiss.   The bun was falling apart though- way faster than it should have. Service was okay- lady was friendly, but she forgot nearly everything- even when she wrote it down. Overall, it was a little sad to come here after looking forward to it for a long time. There was one really interesting guy there who offered us Junior Mints several times. That was amusing.
1	As bad as food gets.  It's to bad because their located in a very pleasant quaint downtown location, very good for people watching.  I ordered the fried pickles and their famous smoked pork bbq sandwich.  Both were awful.  The fried pickles were the worst I have had and I've eaten many in various locations.  They were soggy and very salty, absolutely horrible.  Their sandwich had no BBQ, not even the Carolina vinegar variety and if it is there you barley notice it.  Barley noticed any smoked flavor in the meat, it's to bad it looks like a great place to hang out and drink.  The servers were nice, but the food is just that bad.
1	What a disappointing lunch! I haven't been to the Penguin since it changed hands. Without reading Yelp, I thought I'd give it a shot. It used to be hard to get a seat in there. Today, there were 3 tables including mine. The radio was on, instead of the jukebox, so I had to experience screaming car commercials over lunch. The menu was a ratty piece of paper, printed from a printer in the back likely, with things marked out on it. I asked about Root Beer and was given a list of drink items that weren't available. A hotdog, small fry and drink was over $11. None of the items were particularly good. I didn't even care to finish any item ordered. Despite having an office right up the street, I won't be returning. There is far better food in the area for the same price and with a better experience.  If you're considering going here because you saw it on the Food Network, think again. It's not the same place. Try the Diamond or Pinky's West Side Grill instead.
1	Just tried the famous Kitchen Burger, was very disappointed. The bun fell apart, the burger was burnt, one waitress at lunch time. Took forever and was not worth waiting for. Won't be back...
3	burgers are pretty good, not the best ever. I got the fried pickles because guy fieri did and they were a little greasy and bland, had to send them back.
1	Let me start out by saying that I USED to love the Penguin- before it switched management. (If you want the old Penguin awesomeness, see The Diamond.)The new Penguin is not great. Used to be crowded and jovial and loud- now it's virtually empty and so, so quiet. They were out of a handful of things that our group ordered (some of the sodas, chicken wings, etc.). Our waiter would take orders, come back, tell us they were out, take a new order, come back. This happened 2 or 3 times.I also requested a veggie burger with no bun, but iceberg lettuce in place of a bun. Like a veggie burger between 2 pieces of lettuce. This request absolutely blew our waiters mind and, while he treated me like a culinary genius from that point on, it really isn't an innovative enough idea that a waiter should be surprised by it. Or need a 5 minute explanation about it. When the food came (it took a while), most of us were missing toppings or sides. None of the veggies that should have come on my burger were there. The onions that my husband requested were not there. I actually feel bad for the staff. I have a sneaking suspicion that our waiter hadn't gotten proper training and maybe communication between staff and management is poor. I blame management, not the wait staff.  It's such a shame- The Penguin used to be so awesome.
