5	Las Vegas has seen a few "hardcore" arcades come and go. From Race for Atlantis, to the Golden Age of The Orleans, to GameLand (rest its soul), there has usually been at least a decent spot for locals to get their gaming fix.The arcade scene in Vegas, unfortunately, has laid dormant for some time now (since the closure of GameLand and the Adventuredome's VR Center). The Orleans has maintained a decent selection of fighters, but Bemani fans have been largely out of luck outside of the occasional new DDR or hacked In The Groove machine.Today, I visited a newly-opened arcade called Gemini Arcade Palace. When I saw pictures of the place, I was frankly in disbelief. DDR X, DDR Disney Rave (I know, but come on), three ITG machines, DrumMania and GuitarFreaks V6 linked for session play, and two Taiko No Tatsujin machines under one roof? Be still, my Gamer heart! Naturally, I had to get down there and make an informed decision about this new contender.After being woefully misled by Google Maps, whose directions led me to an apartment complex, I found Gemini Arcade Palace at the southeast corner of Flamingo and Sandhill. Walking in, I knew I had found -- at long last -- the successor to my dearly-departed GameLand.All the aforementioned machines were indeed present, along with a PropCycle machine (PropCycle!!) and a few others I don't recall. I sat down at my distraction of choice -- DrumMania -- and plunked down fifty cents for a three-song session. After a few games and conversations with old arcade scene friends, I wiped the sweat from my forehead and left as satisfied as I ever had back in the GL glory days.Any budding local business will live or die based on how well they listen to their customers, and thankfully Gemini seems very open to the suggestions that have been offered by its earliest patrons. There has been discussion about adding Bemani games that aren't currently present (namely Beatmania IIDX, a highly sought-after machine for many local enthusiasts), which will help to please potential arcade-goers who aren't already convinced.The suggestions I have for Gemini are to get some high-powered fans or a good A/C system to keep the dancing game fans feeling and smelling rosy, and to get some popular fighting games in there to bring in a wider audience. The establishment seems to be catering to Bemani fans right now (which is fine with me personally), but they need to broaden their horizons if they want to get a diverse (and large) local following.I'm giving Gemini five stars based not on its current offerings, but what it means for the future of the Las Vegas arcade scene -- that is, that it isn't dead and that there are still business owners out there who want to build a local and loyal following by listening to its customers and giving them what they want.
5	After coming here a dozen or so times since my last review, I decided to write a short follow-up.I mentioned before that the owners seem open to suggestions from their customers, and after meeting and befriending them personally I can attest to this. They are some of the friendliest, most sincere people I've ever dealt with in my life, not to mention at a business.A large re-organization of the games in the building has occurred, and the new layout is a large improvement over the initial one.There are many new games and ideas in the works for Gemini, mostly suggested by its patrons. I don't want to mention anything specific for fear of any of them not working out, but know that the people running this arcade are very serious about keeping their customer-base happy and loyal.One thing they did change recently is their hours of operation. They got a lot of feedback from their customers who wanted them to be open later, so now they're open later each night.If you enjoy video games at all, do yourself a favor and go check out Gemini. Talk to the people there, make new friends (you'll probably find me on the DrumMania machine -- say hi!) --and if you're like me, find a new favorite spot to hang out every day after work.
5	I'm not an expert on arcades, but this place is great! The owners are some of the nicest people I have met in Las Vegas, and are so willing to make their customers happy. It's an awesome place to just hang out with friends and have fun playing games. All the machines are maintained properly and it's nice and clean. Who needs a gym? Just go there and play DDR for an hour.
5	Walking in to the Gemini Arcade I was pleasantly surprised by the clean floors and well designed floorpan. The arcade is primarily set up with rhythm based consoles "DDR, In the Groove, and Guitar Freaks, and the rare Taiko no Tatsujin".For a nostalgic take they do have the classic "Super Mario and Pacman" however one will be going to the Gemini Arcade for its rhythm based games.Over all this is an arcade worth trying out, and with its friendly staff, addictive games and cheap price you will be hooked.
4	The place is nice, offering the above mentioned games. It's just I feel the place is in need of a little more variety for other types of gamers. Of course, the place just opened so I'll give them that. S
5	I used to be a hardcore bemani player, always hanging out at the infamous Arcade Infinity playing DrumMania and Guitar Freaks until my fingers were ready to fall off. While I've been out of the "scene" for a few years, my friend told me about this place to check out if I were in area.So I happened to go to Vegas one weekend, and I remembered, "oh I gotta check out the new amazing arcade!" Basically, if you are a fan of DM/GF/Beatmania IIDX/Pop n' Music/DDR/ITG, this is DEFINITELY the place to check out.The owners and staff are reeeeeeally nice and knowledgeable, and really opened up this arcade just for the bemani and dance/rhythm gamer community, and are even doing it at a loss. And the care and love really shows as this place is impeccably clean, well stocked, and spaced out really well. Many arcades are cramped with mediocre ventilation. This place positions games really well and just has a good vibe to it.Even if you aren't a fan of music games they have a few fighting games, even an old school mario cabinet, claw games, air hockey, pool, and even (free!) foozeball.Oh..and the prices are amazing. No tokens, they take quarters. 50c for three songs on DM/GF, that is probably the best price I've ever seen for the game not set on free play. The DrumMania machine is also in the best condition I've ever seen it in, anywhere (yes I've played a LOT of DM in Japan, and all over California as well). Very good sensitivity, very good bounce on the pads, and clean and in new condition.The other vibe I like about this arcade is that serious or nice casual gamers come into play (at least when I was there on a Saturday afternoon), there are no random kids screaming or people abusing machines.There is also an open section with TV where people can bring their own consoles or games to play with a friendly environment.If you like music games, curious about them, or just love a well maintained and great arcades in general, this is definitely not to be missed in Las Vegas.
5	Gemini Arcade Palace is hands down my favorite arcade in Las Vegas and one of my top 5 favorite arcades of all time. No other arcade has ever catered so well to the dance game community. There are 3 excellent In the Groove machines, DDR Extreme, Pop'n, IIDX, a pool table, and more! Everything is always really well kept, the bathrooms are super huge and clean, and there are lots of sofas, benches, and barstools for hanging out. Definitely appreciate the fans and paper towels by the machines, as well as the 50 cent water bottles and the recycling bins. The owners are some of the nicest people you'll ever meet and treat everyone really well. Julie is the best! Be sure to check out the massive dance game tournament on New Years Eve (more info to come).
5	I visited Gemini for the first time today and it cheered me up after a long day of stress, stress, stress at work.  I love playing ITG and DDR and even though I'm still pretty much a newb at it no one made fun of me while I was there.  The place is super clean and the equipment isn't thrashed like most I've seen.  They have paper towels, baby powder, and fans to keep you cool at the dance machines which is incredibly awesome for those crazy river-dancin' peeps.The UFO Catcher crane game is addicting and is filled with plushies that I really really wants.  Especially the taiko no tatsujin ones...so damn cute.  I'm not good at those games so I paid my best friend to try to win me one.  No luck this time, but we will be back.   They had other things I wanted to try also, but being new to the place and only having $20 left  on hand kind of prevented me from having my fill of all the machines that were there.   The benches, couch, and disco ball are pretty rad too.
5	Gemini Arcade is the most amazing arcade I have ever been too!The people who own the store are so amazingly sweet and nice! Julie is like a young teen! :]All the dancing games like DDR Extreme, DDR X, and ITG2 are there and the pads are very well kept clean. They fix it well and the inside is so organized and clean. It's really a nice place to play dancing games and Taiko too! The Taiko drums they have seem to be pretty updated compared to other arcades that have old and busted drums. Plus they recently updated their IIDX machine to the most recent one from Japan! :]This is the place to go for arcades and to meet amazing people! ^^
5	Las Vegas is a city not known for stand-alone arcades, the last one I have been to dating all the way back to 2004.  Gemini is that oasis in this desert.  The machines are very well kept, and it especially caters to those interested in Bemani/Music Games including ITG, DDR, IIDX, Pop N' Music and Taiko.  For the more physical games like ITG, they have fans, baby powder and paper towels.They also have many special events, like IIDX Newb days, or Rockband nights every other Thursday.  This place is the best arcade for music games here in Las Vegas, and the clientele are extremely friendly, whether you're a beginner or veteran.
5	Love the prices and games! Lots of fans, paper towels and baby powder for the dance machines! It would be cool if they added para para dance arcade! Definitely a favorite :)
4	Pros: Good place to play some old school arcades. Most of the machines seem to be working properly and charge at a pretty fair price. I hear the owners are nice so thats really good customer service.  The place seems pretty clean and spacing is good enough. A friend of mine said there would be certain days where you can bring in your own console and play your favorite games with others and that they have tournaments at times, mainly fighting games which is pretty cool since i didn't see to many fighting games. Its definitely A good place to kill some time if your bored or take your girlfriend/boyfriend to just have a good time. Cons: I've never seen a place with a bunch of losers. Most of them have no life and/are anti-social. There all out of shape who looks like they've never seen the sun who just sits in front of a computer and chokes it all day. I remember walking past a couple of guys and I wanted to throw up due to the massive body odor they were producing forcing my  girlfriend and I to leave right away. I'm guessing they had been there for several hours and it could be due to poor ventilation. Regardless they should be taking care of themselves and health before anything.
5	Simpsons Arcade game!Prop Cycle!Music games!WHAT MORE DO YOU WANT FROM THEM!!!Shut up and give them your money!
4	Gemini Arcade Palace, when you walk in, you notice will cater to exactly one group of gamers. They don't have any shooters, nor any racing games. They have a couple of skill games like the UFO catcher, and some old Fighters like Street Fighter 2 and Marvel 2. There is also a Donkey Kong so points for retro.They specialize in dance games, and that is what they do well. They have every brand, from In The Groove to the latest version of Pump it Up, and even old school Dance Dance Revolution and a Disney version. All the games are kept in near-flawless states of repair, with small fans and paper towels to help with the sweating that occurs when the gamers really get into it. There are a few other music games like Guitar Freaks, Beatmania IIDX, and Taiko drum master. There is a section for Console games, where people can bring in their own equipment to play games - This is a very thoughtful gesture as there isn't much else to do here.While I am disappointed that there are no racing games, It's clear that this place has honed in on a demographic of the Arcade scene that is still alive and well and damned if that doesn't make it a perfect spot for anyone still interested in dancing games!
5	I live in San Jose, CA.So I was on my vacation to Vegas, I had a though to myself that if there is a  Technika 2 machine in Vegas? so I Google it, and it lead me into this place, about 15 minute bus ride from my hotel. I love the friendly service this place has, and also it cost less to play, 3 coin rather than 4, which it pretty much last me entire day on $20. I sure be visiting again the next time I visit Vegas, I made some new friends and I love this place. :)
5	I've been to a a few arcades around town and this is the only that has me coming back. Not even Gameworks gets as much business out of me. The employees are all friendly and the manager is so sweet that you might accidentally slip up one day and call her "Mom" haha.  They have a wide variety of games from classic Donkey Kong to the newest In The Groove. They also have a big TV that you can plug your own video game console into and play for free. This place is great for hosting gaming tournaments at. They have enough outlets, tables and couches to accommodate for any local sized tournament. In between matches, you can go play any of the various arcade games to pass the time.They put out fans by the ITG and DDR machines to help cool off the players and the price of water and snacks in the vending machine is beyond reasonable. I only wish that the crane game was a little less difficult because they fill that up with such amazing toys. Toys from super Mario, Pokemon, hello kitty and a few marvel characters from time to time.I love this place. It's perfect for family, friends and even dates. I'll definitely be coming back at least monthly.
5	Gemini is a great place to visit if you like bemani games. It has DM/GF, IIDX, Taiko, DDR, ITG, PIU, PopN.  I'm sure every game has been listed in a review at least once. Anyway they are all well maintained and very reasonably priced because the owner, Julie, is amazing at keeping the place tip top. They recently got "Ultracade" type cabinents with hundreds of games to play on each one for 25 cents a play.
5	This place is amazing!!Pros:  *  hard to find arcade games (classics and imports alike)  *  they usually have numerous games set @ unlimited credits.  * pool table  * tournaments  * operates on quarters not tokens  * tvs to bring your own console to play  * tournaments are held hereCons:  *  looks a bit outdated inside, but no biggie  *  far east location (I wish it was more central)  * tvs for console play are pretty small.  This place is pretty awesome with games from Donkey Kong to Technika 2!  The service here is nice too!  In my opinion, good service boosts you up an extra star!  They have games here that I haven't found anywhere else in town.  The DDR machines have powder for your hands and they have strong stationary fans facing towards the more physically demanding games.  Last time I went I was on Prop Cycle forever since it was on unlimited credits all night.  I like how they have tables, chairs, and sofas throughout.  It's also cool that you can bring your own console and play on their televisions.  This is definitely a must for you gamers.Tips: *  bring your controllers and consoles and play on their TVs * don't forget to see what games are on unlimited credit mode * stop by the cashier's booth and take a peak at the board for tournament dates and information * make sure to hide valuables in your car and lock the doors... this doesn't look like the safest of places hah.
4	Decided to swing by after a visit from Bejing Noodle Cafe. Didn't partake in any games, but they hands down had the most dance type games I've ever seen in one room. They had a free.99 flying game in the corner too! It wasn't too packed, just a family and 2 cats that were just, "in the zone" with their respective games. One kid was seated on a couch playing a console game and another kid that looked like he was on a tear with a DJ/rhythm type game complete with his food and drink all within reach.. had me wondering how long he'd been there (not judging). Oh if only I were 9 again this spot would've almost certainly been my $#!+.
5	My brother and I have been to dozens of arcades all around the southwest, and Gemini is by far the best we've ever been to. The owner, Julie, is incredibly nice and chats with all the newcomers. The regulars are all really cool and very passionate about music video games.If you love music games, this place is worth traveling across the country for!
1	99% music and dance games with a couple old classic arcade games. Employees didn't even seem to acknowledge our existence. Felt more like a mortuary than an arcade.
5	A music and dance gamer paradise.  This place is awesome.  It has all the dance and rhythm games you ever want.  Julie is the best.  She is the nicest person in the world.  She greets and chats with all of her customers and is absolutely amazing.  I love how she has set ups for people to bring in their systems and play.  Being a big fighting game player, meeting up with people and playing here has been a dream for me.  This arcade really lets people have a place to hang out and just play games and meet new people.  One of the best arcades I have ever been in.
5	I live in Columbus, with a metro area of about 1.8 million -- only around 100,000 fewer people than the Las Vegas metro area.  In 2012, if I want to play a rhythm game here in an arcade, I have the following games to choose from:  DDR Extreme, two DDR Supernovas, two Pumps, one Drummania, and the terrible DDR X.  We just lost our last In the Groove machine.  Our only Taiko is long gone.  Even at the height of DDR's popularity here, about 8-10 years ago, when there were many more choices, we never had games like Pop'n Magic.Well, here's Gemini Arcade Palace, which has just about any rhythm game you'd want to play in one room, including all those mentioned above, most in their latest versions; the awesome Technika 3, the very rare Pop'n Stage, Keyboardmania, Guitar Freaks, Disney's Rave, IIDX, two ITG2 machines LOADED with player-created edits; ParaParaParadise and Dance Maniax.  There's also a Police Trainer and several cabinets that collectively have hundreds of old arcade games.  All the games are at top volume, player-maintained and in tip-top condition.  To say this is utopia for rhythm-game fans is the understatement of the year.There are a bunch of little touches that I appreciated.  I got thirsty at one point and started pumping quarters into the vending machine to buy a bottle of Dasani... then I realized it was only 50 cents.  Some of the games are on free play.  There are posters and decor from the games on the walls.  I was most impressed, though, with the owner, Julie, who took time to get to know me and encouraged me to try some of the games I wasn't familiar with.  It's obvious she's very passionate about rhythm gaming.  When the coin slot didn't work for me on one game, she opened it up and put six free credits on it for me.  When I failed quickly at another game, she refunded my money.  She complimented my DDR skills several times, even though I know she's seen dozens of players who are far better.  She told me it was an "honor" to have me there from Ohio and gave me a hug when I left.  In my experience, most owners of arcades are surly at best, and generally indifferent to the desires of patrons, so this was a pleasant surprise.  There is no question I will revisit Gemini next time I'm in Vegas.
5	"Best arcade in Vegas. I've been going there since Geminis first days of life and I love everything about it. Juli (one of the owners) is a truly amazing woman. She makes sure everyone is happy and having a good time."
5	The people who hang out here everyday are really cool!! It's almost like you are not in Vegas anymore. I mean....these people are really friendly, social, funny, and charismatic. I talked with this kid for like 15 minutes and he was like the most politically correct and culturally sensitive person I have ever met in my life. I have never met anyone like that here in Vegas. What a group of friendly regulars.One of my shorter reviews.
5	Such a random find... Driving by after eating nearby we seen the figures of some familiar Japanese symbols and arcade like symbols.  Well, nuff said my boyfriend saw that and we HAD to stop!  Of course I am open to anything because any missed opportunity is wasted time.  As we are walking up and woman says "Well Hello!  Gald to see you here welcome!'  continues to tell of a lock in they have tonight for charity until 8am I say "Charity is awesome and will donate but trust me I am to old to stay up that late and you don't want me ruining the party by sleeping on the floor! ;)" So we wander inside.  HOLY CRAP!  ALL japanese games which to some won't mean a thing but to others it will mean a lot!  For 1 super hard to get!  For 2 super hard to play but once you know how you're the man in any circle.  For 3 in my opinion after being to Japan the cool factor is so high over there that I think you may be cooler just by walking into this arcade!  So as I said the games are hard to play but take some time to come check it out cuz it is FUN!!!!
5	This place is way too awesome. First of all, they have my favorite 3 machines: DJ Max technika (ver 3), para para paradise (1st mix only for now), and Dance Maniax 2nd mix. WOW. They continue to have:Keyboard Mania 3rd mixDDR X3 vs DDR 2nd mixITG2and more! I was originally writing down all the games they had but I got distracted...for 5 hours...and forgot to finish listing the games they have. I'm sorry! It's awesome though, and even if you're new to all these games and have no idea what I'm babbling abou you should drop in and give these games a try. They're all really fun!
