5	Great little butcher shop featuring all natural meats, sausage, eggs, etc. Gluten free lunch meats as well. Everything is as local as he can get.
5	DJ's Butcher block is an asset to our neighborhood. It has become part of my weekly stops as I shop and walk my dog along Liberty Ave. I've been going to DJ's since this years Little Italy days.  Its a place to get fresh meat, cooking tips, and great service.  You can tell DJ is enthusiastic and knowledgeable about this products. He was able to source a locally raised, free range, and organic turkey for my family this year.  Also, ordered some beef for my Christmas Kaldereta stew.This is also a great place for specialty sausage. Our favorite is the chicken Chorizo which hits you in the face with zesty garlic then finishes off with the essence of corriander.  I believe he doesn't use any nitrates. Just good old sugar and salt for curing.  I also have some duck sausage sitting in my fridge right now.This place is down to earth, prices are good, service is awesome and the meat is fresh.
5	So nice having this place in the neighborhood. Great sausages, including summer sausage. Have also enjoyed steaks, bacon, chicken, etc. DJ is really helpful and will try to get you whatever you need.
5	I love this place! I now officially have a butcher and I live walking distance to both Whole Foods and Market District but I will drive to DJ's.  The quality and prices are unbeatable.  Everything is so fresh which also means that the products change or run out often.  I love coming in here without having a specific meal in mind and letting DJ steer me towards whatever.  He has great ideas for how to prepare his products and often more than one suggestion.  He does local and all natural as much as possible.  It's so great to see someone contribute to the long standing close knit personality of Bloomfield.Also they do not accept credit cards.. yet.  There's a sign on the counter that says they will be accepting CC soon.
5	Hell yes. Last Thanksgiving, I picked up abt 10# of sausage and bacon while visiting my mother-in-law who lives nearby. I'm pretty sure I've stopped by DJ's on every subsequent visit to Pittsburgh. Solid product, great prices, and friendly staff? My only complaint is it's 5 hours from my house!
5	This place is amazing. All grass fed meats. No anti-biotics. All local product. I recommend it to everyone I know.
5	I love having a traditional butcher nearby.  DJ is friendly and always has great suggestions for dinner at very reasonable prices and his selection is as locally sourced as he can get.   If you can't find parking on the street, there's a lot right behind Crazy Mocha. He prefers cash but there's two ATMs within walking distance so it's never a problem.  He makes his sausage right in front of you, cuts your meats on the butcher block and always has something a bit different. I've had goat, alligator, duck in addition to the regular fare such as thick cut bacon, ribs, sausages and jerky.  If you want a tongue, he'll cut it right out of one of the heads in the fridge.       Don't forget, on Thursday nights you can find him at the Bloomfield Farmer's Market in the Summer.
5	I didn't know that I needed a butcher. But I did know that I care where my meat comes from, and I also knew that while Whole Foods does offer some information about where their meat comes from, their prices were pushing it for me. This is where DJ's came into my life. He knows his meats, like every single thing he has in shop he can tell you what farm it's from and what kind of life the animal lived. I think that is just amazing AND his prices are super reasonable. Top everything off with the fact that DJ himself is very nice and always has recommendations if you aren't really sure what it is you want, and basically this place cannot get any better.I now do all my meat buying here and often egg buying and me and my budget are both very happy about it. I'd definitely recommend you check it out.
5	I have never been to DJ's but my girlfriend and her brother discovered him over the summer. Love the strip steak and he makes a solid kielbasa. My grandpa was a butcher and I know he would have loved hanging out with DJ. I also appreciate that the meat is local and humanely raised (grass fed.) Plus, it's cheaper than GE or Whole Foods.
5	Just had some of their Irish Bacon for breakfast....hard to find back bacon in these parts, and his was utterly delicious, I will definitely be going back to try other things when I can.
5	Great Place, echoing all the other excellent reviews. I had been planning to go for ages and finally made it, primarily to ask about dry-aged steaks. Found out that they are available, although not on that day. Instead had some first rate rib lamb chops, expertly trimmed as I watched, and some great bacon. Have now ordered a Thanksgiving turkey and am very much looking forward to that, and to my future trips to DJ's.
5	Ok, update: ordered a fresh turkey, about 22lbs. Picked it up the earliest possible so as to brine it, brined for 2 days, salt and bronw sugar, lemon halves, pickling spice, soy sauce, vinegar.  Took it out and stored open in the fridge to dry the skin. Roasted at 325 for 5 hours, basting with melted butter every so often. Came out golden brown, cooked just nicely, meat juicy, tender, and as tasty as turkey ever gets I'm sure. So, same time next year for my turkey from DJ. Wonderful
5	Today was our second visit to the shop. I would give this another star and a half if I could.why not two more stars? Their meat display case is not as organized as I think it should be, but I am  OCD.  Their lamb is great, sausage made in house and wonderful. Bought two N.Y.  Strip steaks, which were great. But what I must say...is today we bought a chicken pot pie that they sell. DJ told me they don't make them in house, but they provide all the meats to someone who does make them up. They are beyond great...orgasmic! They also make an all meat pie with veal, beef, pork, lamb and something else I'm forgetting! I can't wait to try that...they have great product..DJ has a great beard, couple tats, but is very helpful...don't be intimidated...just ask...please support them...they are working hard, support local farms, and are doing a great job
4	I'm a very satisfied with the meats I have purchased here (especially the lamb). Some of the meats are priced a bit more here than elsewhere (e.g. boneless chicken breasts are about $0.70 more per pound), yet I have been satisfied with the quality and am happy to support a local butcher like DJ. His service is what separates this butcher shop from some of other places you can buy meat in urban Pittsburgh. He is able to answer questions and offer keen recommendation. He is also willing to cut up meats for you if you don't have adequate cutlery. This shop is definitely worth stopping in if you live in the city. It is one of the best butcher's shops I've been to in Pittsburgh and is certainly worthy of a four and a half star rating.
5	This place is  totally awesome!!!!  A perfect addition to Bloomfield.  Who said that the days of the neighborhood butcher shops are gone.   DJ is just a real down to earth guy.  All of his meats are fresh.  I rarely eat meat and love the idea if I. Want one chop or a small steak, I don't have to buy a large pre-packed package that will be going to waste.
2	Went here for the first time and service was horrible. Prices and food is 5 star worthy but the young dude behind the counter looked pissed he had to stop what he was doing and take my money. On top of that just "what do you want" hands it off and nothing else. Went in planning on spending a lot of money and just got one thing. DJ tell your staff to cheer up a little. Went into 6 different shops in bloomfield today and this was the only place with bad customer service.
5	This place is awesome. I went for the first time yesterday to surprise my fiance with a rack of lamb for dinner. They frenched it right there on the spot for me. I made sure to take a look at some of the other meat while I was there. The steaks all had a beautiful marble. I wanted to order pancetta but they were out. The guy behind the counter sliced up another thick kind of bacon and let me try it, and I ended up purchasing it and throwing it in some risotto. It came out great! We were very pleased with the lamb as well. I will definitely return very soon!
4	DJ's is a gem in the Bloomfield neighborhood. They have an incredible selection of local meats, I have to decide what I'm getting before I go in there, or I come out with far too much meat-stuffs. In addition to the local meats, DJ's has Brunton Farms. Their varieties come in these big glass jugs, and I have to grab one every time I stop in. The 2% Chocolate Milk is a dream.My only issue with DJ's is their credit card policy. You can only pay with a card over a certain amount, and even then there is a fee. No worries though, there's a Citizen's Bank ATM down the street that I frequent before grabbing meats.
5	Stopped in after we had dinner at a friend's place and the chicken was spectacular.   My wife and I decided to get some chicken and a steak.   DJ pulled out the strip and cut our steak to our desired thickness right there!  Both were great, we will be back.   Fantastic place, could not recommend more.
5	So I went here on New Yrs eve to pick up a nice steak. My husband actually had come to this place before and was quite pleased, so I decided to give it a shot. This place is small, what you would expect from you neighborhood butcher... although I have never really been to one before. Anyway, I asked for a sirloin, but unfortunately, they had run out of it, which is undersantable being that people would want to eat a nice steak of new yrs eve or day.  So I went with a nice NY strip. Me being not a fan of fat, the butcher trimmed all the fat and made it leaner. I also specified what thickness, which is something I am not used to as I tend to go to the grocery store and get their pre cut stuff. Anyway, this was much better. I also got some of their eggs from a local farm, which I had this morning and they were pretty awesome although a little on the steep side for $4, but if you want quality this is what you pay.  I also noted that hey had milk from a local dairy and had a large variety of sausages, and meats.  I also enjoyed the butcher's sense of humor and the patrons were pretty cool... seemed like it had this community feel, which I really like.  Despite the fact that it is street parking right off Liberty and kind of a pain, this place is totally worth it. I will certainly be back
