5	My breast pump broke right after I left my 7 mo. old baby for a 5 day trip away!  I emailed Lisa of Breastfeeding & Babies, Yeah!  while on the flight to Salt Lake City.  She called me back and we spoke on the phone during our lay-over... She instructed me on how to hand express to relieve the pressure and gave me so much support right over the phone!  One hour after we arrived in Vegas she met us at our hotel at the Palazzo and set me up with a rental pump.  My trip would have been ruined if not for her! She eased my pain from engorgement and helped me keep up my supply to return to my son.  I could not believe how true the term "sisterhood support" was... she  did exactly what a sister would do.  Spread the word, this company is fantastic!!
5	Being able to nurse my 2nd daughter was very important to me, and when she was 2 months old I became very discouraged by the way she was feeding and acting. I started doubting myself and my ability to breastfeed her when I called Lisa one evening in tears. Nobody could tell me what was going on (pediatrician, another LC, LLL, chiro) so calling another IBCLC felt like my last hope.I am SO thankful for Lisa. She talked to me that night on the phone and helped instantly just by encouraging me and calming me down (haha). Lisa came to my house the very next day and used her scale to find out exactly how much my daughter was eating and to watch how she was eating. She did not rush us and listened to all my concerns, answering each one. We came up with a plan and she even emailed me a detailed reminder of what we had talked about the next day so that I could always refer back to it.She is not only an IBCLC, but also a nurse which makes her even more knowledgeable. I highly suggest anybody use her as a consultant. There is so much bad information out there given/told to nursing moms, I strongly believe having someone on your side (like Lisa) from the very beginning of your breastfeeding journey is crucial to success. She is wonderful, affordable, flexible, understanding and I will never forget how much she helped us. We are still going strong at 4 months and I couldn't be happier about it.
4	Anyone having a baby these days has been bombarded with information regarding the importance of breastfeeding, and I was no different. I took all the classes and read the books, and I thought I was prepared. However, after giving birth to my daughter, I immediately ran into difficulty, namely intense pain. I called Lisa of B.A.B.Y. on my 1st day home from the hospital, knowing that it was crucial to get help quickly if I was to continue to nurse. Lisa came over the same day (!) and immediately set to work figuring out the source of my pain and possible solutions. Though the pain did not immediately go away, she came back to my house 4-5 times over the next week, each time examining and weighing my baby, watching me nurse, and offering suggestions. It was extremely helpful and encouraging for me to hear her words of support and suggestions, and simply to just be able to vent to someone. Moreover, as both an IBCLC and a NICU nurse, she had a ton of knowledge about newborn babies in general, the amount of food they need in those early days, their sucking patterns and behavior at the breast, and other topics that were just reassuring. I also appreciated that even though I did not end up supplementing with formula, she was not virulently opposed to it, stating that the most important thing is the overall health of the family, NOT avoiding formula at all costs including mom's sanity.My daughter is now 4 months old and still exclusively breastfed, and I owe much of my success with nursing to Lisa.Another perk is that she hosts a Facebook group with a membership of nursing mothers who you can quickly and easily ask for nursing advice or support. It's very handy!
5	Lisa is great ! Very helpful with all breastfeeding concerns. She offers priceless support and breastpump rentals at a great price. Don't hesitate to call her if u are having issues..her support has kept me breastfeeding and my baby is now over a year old. Greatful for Lisa !
5	Lisa was recommended to me by friend. I called her from the hospital after delivering my second baby. My first would not breastfeed and I was determined to have a better experience the second time around. She came to the hospital that very night and started teaching me and my new baby everything we needed to know to successfully breastfeed. Lisa gave me support from day one and is still answering my questions 7 months later. I have exclusively breastfed my baby and it would not have been possible without her. I highly recommend Lisa's services, she is a breastfeeding genius!
5	Lisa Really is as good as it gets. Never have I had ANY health care professional go as far out of her way as this AMAZING woman has gone! Even my husband loves her to death and brags about how awesome she is and the level of care she provides AND has called me several times from work to get her # because there is always a guy at work who's getting ready to have a baby and he INSISTS they need her!I WISH I would of had her around 12 years ago when I had my last child and was faced with so many challenges I almost gave up. But because of that I did some research while pregnant with my son because I was prepared for a disaster! That is how I managed to find Lisa, and honestly believe she has been a blessing. She came to my house BEFORE my son was born and sat with me and my husband for a few hours going over every detail that would help us be prepared to have a smooth, successful delivery, breast feeding experience and everything that goes along with it. I love that she is straight forward and to the point because i don't know any new/expecting mom that has time to mess around with flakiness or guess work. She will always give you facts backed by research and answer all your questions no matter how silly they seem. She also has meet ups for support and many other resources she offers for support. Not only did she help me with my breast feeding issues, but she helped me deal with my insurance company AND she came to the hospital when I was in labor! I swear I don't know when this woman sleeps! She is worth EVERY PENNY and my husband calls her priceless. I could go on and on about how wonderful she is and everything she did for our family, but i could be here all day... Just call her and find out for yourself!
5	Lisa was fantastic, my son was losing  weight, her advice helped instantly! She also gave me great advice about feedings and galactogues. She was even flexible with payment. I continue to call on her for all my breastfeeding advice.
5	I had already seen another LC and she pretty much gave up on me. I'mso glad I found Lisa. My milk supply was dwindling (even lower than before) and Lisa worked with me to get to the bottom of it, in order to fix it however we could. She is thorough, honest, and understanding. I would've given up on breast feeding if I didn't find her. My baby is 5 1/2 months and is still nursing well.
5	Lisa is truly and angel sent from heaven.  I struggled with my first to nurse, and I didn't want to struggle the second time around.  When my second wasn't gaining weight as she should've been at her two week checkup, I called Lisa.  She scheduled me for an appointment within several hours of my call for the very same day.Lisa was kind, caring, and attentive.  I've honestly never had another healthcare professional make me feel like s/he actually cared that much about me or my baby.  Lisa helped my daughter and I figure out how to breastfeed and bond.  While I can't say we didn't struggle initially, and it was hard work at first, my little one, who's now six months old, is happily nursing and fat and happy.I can't recommend Lisa enough.  She goes out of her way to take care of her clients.
5	Lisa is an amazing lactation consultant that is non-judgmental, supportive, and extremely knowledgable. I had a lot of trouble BF my son and a rough few weeks postpartum. I reached out to her as a last attempt before I gave up. She taught me to take care of myself first so that I could take care of my baby. She taught me how to breastfeed, the most efficient way to pump, provided some 'baby whisperer' techniques, and helped build my confidence as a first time mom. Honestly, Lisa was so much more than a LC. She made herself available 24/7 and was supportive every step of the way. My son is now 4 months old, I'm back to work, and the breastfeeding is still going strong. My only regret is I didn't reach out to her sooner. I will definitely call Lisa when baby #2 comes to ensure I start off on the right foot.
