4	It is a CVS but it is a clean CVS! The staff is also nice and helpful here and they also usually have some nice deals here.I just paid $10 dollars for some buffer cream to clean my car headlights and it worked great. It got rid of the fogginess in the plastic.Be sure to get the savers card as your savings add up and the more you shop the more you can save.Best Regards,James "Culinary Schmooze" Williams
1	This is by far the worst pharmacy I have ever had the displeasure of using. It's so close to my house that I've given them more chances than I should have. The pharmacy is a catastrophe. They advise you a time to be back, then when you show up, they're out of stock saying they tried to call your phone # (even thought my cel phone didn't ring once.) They are always losing my prescription, or using my wrong insurance info from 2 years ago, or understaffed, etc. The cosmetic selection in the store part is also very skimpy compared to other CVS locations. Steer clear of this place.
4	This is a very nice cvs pharmacy. The people are really friendly  & are willing to answer questions. They are very helpful, even the people who run the store part. I would go here vcersus other pharmacies in the area.
3	This is my CVS of choice because its closest to my house. Everyone is really friendly here in the pharmacy. When you go inside the service does seem to be more prompt versus going through the drive thru. The one main problem with this CVS is that it has a really really really weird smell when you enter the store. It almost makes me want to gag. Not sure what it is but i've smelled it every time i've entered the store. Otherwise, this is your standard CVS nothing fancy, but clean personable staff. As long as they don't put a CVS closer to my house.. i'll be back..!
1	If it was possible to give zero stars, it would definitely be justified here. This is absolutely the WORST pharmacy I have ever been associated with, EVER! After being mandated by my insurance company to switch to CVS, I chose this joke of a location because it was the most convenient. To begin with, they are slow. I have been going back and forth with this place over the phone regarding a refill. They called to let me know there was a delay because the insurance now requires three month refills. They said they would call the doctor and get it squared away and let me know when it was ready. Voila! I get the automated call saying your prescription is ready for pick up only to show up the next day to be told "your insurance requires a three month refill, so they aren't ready, but we have one for you. You need to call your doctor." The same doctor you talked to about the one that has been filled? I asked. But YOU called me to say they were ready. Round and round we go until I walk out with one prescription, higher blood pressure and an overwhelming desire to find the nearest watering hole and drink! This was not my first bad experience at this location, but will be my last. The insurance company is going to get an earful too.
1	Never really liked coming here since o e of the managers accused me if stealing, I was just adjusting my holster .... I just looked at her and she asked me to lift my shirt. All she saw was my .45 , which I carry legally. She apologized but still wtf.
1	Worst pharmacy I've ever dealt with in town.  Pharmacy tried to charge me $56.00 for my blood pressure meds...took my script to Costco and had it filled for $12.00...staff is not knowledgeable about insurances and unwilling to help resolve the situation.  Pharmacy personnel just looks at you with a blank stare. First and last time I will go here..Costco or the Walgreens down the street would be a better place.
1	CROOKS!!! Trying to steal money from me multiple times!!! If you have a coupon they ll make sure to forget to scan it or pretend its not applicable and will try to charge you twice or wont give you back the right change! Do not shop there!
