3	Some friends and I popped in to The Fountain for a post-dinner drink last weekend. We went with their special of the night, screwdrivers with fresh-squeezed OJ. It was pulp-free and you couldn't taste the vodka, so it was fine by me (I'm not a big fan of OJ or vodka). The bartender (and presumable owner) was very friendly and very excited about their food menu - it's nice to see someone who is passionate about what they're doing. The bar is warmly lit and has an old-timey feel, and they did a great job of opening the flow between the front and back room, something the former occupant TIki Shack lacked. I'm interested to give them another go-round.
5	It's kickoff time at the start of the Wisconsin-Nebraska game. Looking for a haunt for a group of 8, I stumble upon The Fountain, nearly deserted despite drink specials and HDTVs showing the Wisconsin domination beginning. Meanwhile, the Tiki Shack next door hopped with a boisterous, sloppy crowd. Was this a bad sign?Not in the least. The bartenders and waitress took great care of us over the whole game. The smart tap list (all Wisconsin, mostly Madison) is accompanied by a good selection of bottles. We were surprised by the complementary chips and salsa, and at one point the chef even brought out some delicious beef sandwiches for the group to sample. I didn't try any, but I've never seen people react that positively to a beef sandwich before. A few of us ordered cheese curds and fries, which came quickly and were also very good. Lots of little touches made this place stand out, including a gluten-free beer offering, the aforementioned freebies and the great mural on the wall, which I didn't have much time to study on account of too many Badger touchdowns.We'll definitely be back. Looking forward to trying sandwiches and the "Beers of our Fathers" list, if only because Blatz has been the punchline of many a joke since I've moved here. Wisconsin Regional cuisine seems to be on the up-and-up in Madison, and this place offers an easy-going, friendly version.
5	I've eaten lunch at The Fountain twice since its recent opening.  Both times the food was excellent.  My first meal was a grilled cheese sandwich, made from cheddar and provalone, grilled perfectly.  I enjoyed a rich tomotoe bisque soup with the sandwich.  Today, I wanted a hearty bowl of soup to help take the chill off.  The Fountain served up a delicious, large bowl of baked potato soup, with bacon, cheese and sour cream.  The service was friendly and accommodating.    I hope to try the place for dinner soon.
4	Went for lunch on a quiet pre-holiday Friday afternoon with a friend.  The outside of this building is nothing to get excited about, but they have done a wonderful job on the inside.  The center piece is classic old mahogany bar that they rescued and installed.  I love that old-world look and they have done it well.  My lunch partner and I each ordered a sandwich and then had half each.  Before the sandwiches arrived, our server brought us a free order of house-made humus and chips, which we both thought were very good.The first sandwich was the 122 Tom Turkey Club... we both agreed that it was absolutely outstanding.  It had a sort of light dill flavored follow-up that we both found quite pleasing.  I'm definitely going back for this again.  This sandwich is huge and could probably be split by a pair looking for a light lunch.The second sandwich was the Sliced Prime Rib.  Again, my lunch partner agreed on our assessment, which in this case was above average, but not quite as outstanding at the turkey club.  A little more bite to the horseradish cream sauce might have raised it into the excellent category.Service was friendly and prompt and they showed a seemingly genuine interest in what we thought of the food.  We were told that they had just changed the menu the week before.  As a final note, The Fountain is big on local sourcing - gotta love that.  This place has potential... I hope they make it.
5	I have eaten at the fountain 3 times now, and I have not been disappointed. The Reuben, which I ordered two of the 3 times, is now my second favorite Reuben in town. The Cecil, a venison summer sausage sandwich, is also excellent. My friend called the Forward Burger one of the best burger's he's ever had, which is high praise from a guy who's tried most of the burger's in town. Their cheese curds are fantastic as well, definitely in my top five.The bar itself is a very nice space, small but cozy, with nice decor and an awesome old school back bar. We were lucky enough in a couple of our visits to get a chance to talk to the chef, who we could tell took great pride in his menu and really cared about the experience he was delivering. The bartender, also an owner, was friendly and attentive too. I've been talking the place up to my friends and co-workers, and I hope to come back many more times.
4	After a rocky first visit (burger was cooked well done but the saving grace was the chef coming out to apologize), the Fountain has really delivered quality consistent food.  Their burgers are made from local ingredients and are very solid.  Cheese curds are amongst the best in town (Graze are still the best).  Very friendly waitstaff with a barback that is over 100 years old.  While not as diversified as the Tipsy Cow (and not even close to the Old Fashioned), I like coming here for the great people and food.
3	I ended up heading here after an awesome review in the Isthmus. My dad was in town heading to a hockey game with my brother and me. I thought I'd bring the boys here since I wanted to try it and it wasn't as busy as some of the college hang-outs (e.g. The Nitty). The food was good and the servers were kind, but it was a little small and not a lot of variety on the menu. We all got burgers/sandwiches, and they were tasty, but nothing out of this world. I would head back soon for the bar, however, as they have great drink specials, and the staff was nice. Cool bar.
5	After being informed that the wait time was close to an hour and a half at The Old Fashioned, my boyfriend and I stumbled across The Fountain. It seemed to be pretty similar to The Old Fashioned as far as the menu was concerned so we said why not. It wasn't very crowded at all. The food is made from local products, which is always a plus. We ordered some cheese curds to start, and I ordered the Red Lager Brat (single) and my boyfriend had the Pulled Pork Sandwich. The cheese curds were really good. They're kind of like cheese sticks but a million times better. The brat came on a pretzel bun with a ton of sauerkraut. It made for messy eating but was hearty and delicious. My bf said his sandwich was good too. Our server was very, very attentive and would show up every 5-10 minutes to see how we were doing. I'll let you decide if that's a bad thing or not. The other sandwiches and burgers on the menu looked like they were worth a second visit, so I expect I'll be coming back in the future.
2	Just had my third experience at The Fountain and based on this time alone would give 1 star. The first time I went the burger was at least cooked to specification. The service is always slow, and I should emphasize slow. The first time it was a good 45-60 minutes to get our burgers, but it was packed. The second time, I had their brat, which was delicious and great service (would give 4 stars that time alone). This time, over 30 minutes and barely anyone there. Order my burger medium. I haven't had a burger or red meat in awhile so had a  major craving. Imagine my disappointment biting into a well done dried up burger with barely any cheese. I will never return on my own will. HUGE disappointment! Hopefully the bartender was able to pass along my message to the kitchen because my server was too busy flirting to check on me. Bottom line, if you are going to go to The Fountain, don't order a burger, or order it rare and hopefully it will come out medium.
5	Well I heard about the Fountain from many people so I decided to give it a try.  I refuse to go to any restaurant that isn't local and corporate run, and seeing how this is local, I ventured over there. I love my reuben sandwiches, and to find one in Madison that doesn't use marbled rye is a tough act.  Not only do they use dark rye(pumpernickle) they put little chunks of apple in the kraut, very tasty.  I rate it the #1 reuben in Madison now.   I do have one complaint about it though...they put so much in it some drops out...oh well, more to eat after you finish sandwich...wish all restaurants put too much in...good selection of beers, cheese curds and mushrooms are great, and my favorite are the sweet potatoe fries...I guess they now have a fish fry dinner Fridays, can't wait to try it...love the over 100 year old bar in front bar and wallpaper is something to look at and the staff is all very friendly...back bar is very cool, stuffed furniture near a fireplace and plenty of tables to sit at and nice bar...when it was packed one night the wait was about a half hour for food, but it is well worth it!!!  I know that I have a new favorite place to go to in downtown Madison!!!
5	We chanced upon the fountain when turned away from the old fashioned and it's 1.5 hour wait. I'm so glad we did!!! After a long day on the road (we are traveling across the country from California) the fountain was a haven to our tired bodies and hungry bellies. We started with the cheese curds, and could have stopped there--so yummy! My husband got the fountain burger. Now, he is quite a burger connoisseur, so when he said it might be the best burger he ever had, I knew it must be fabulous! I had the Ruben (suggested by our sweet, attentive, knowledgeable server) and wasn't disappointed. The bread alone made the sandwich, but the flavorful corned beef, apple sauerkraut, and dressing put it over the top. The kids shared a basket of chicken strips and gobbled the generous serving size up. So glad we made the effort to find a local place for dinner. Such a respite from the fast food fare of the last few days. And our bill was under $40. That's rare for our family of 5. You must eat here!!
3	Tried some beer and cheese soup for the first time. IT WAS GOOD!!!! Also had a bacon cheeseburger with sweet potato fries. The cheeseburger was very good the cheese was inside the burger like some super cheesy treat! The bacon was really good too (I think being in Wisconsin has something to do with that. I mean it is a dairy state!
3	The Fountain flows with beers galore in this industrial bar.  Packers fans come together to hoot and holler at the football screen and chow down on some pub grub.Thumbs up for burger alternatives.  I chomped on a grilled tuna steak burger with a lemon aioli.  The burger was filling and super meaty tuna with just enough sauce to juice it up.  This is a great place if you want to play pool.  The ceilings are sooooo tall, and even though there was a big game going on, you didn't have to yell to speak to your buddy.
5	Went here for the first time this last weekend - very impressed. I had a steak sandwich and sweet potato fries and my brother got a burger - we both got bloody Mary's. All delicious. Gouda with the veggies in my bloody Mary? Good call. The waitress was super nice and knowledgable about the great beer selection they have. The place reminds me of a smaller version of the Old Fashioned, and I don't have to wait forever to get a table. Going back for sure.
5	Probably my favorite new place downtown - like an unpretentious, friendlier, and easier to get a table Old Fashioned. Good drink specials, love the pretzel bun, and their bloody mary. They also have a Belly check-in for those of you using that service.
5	We ate here before a show at The Overture Center. What a great casual place. Service was very friendly and knowledgeable. My food was great, I got the 122 Tom Turkey Club, basic club with their own twist, delicious! I will be back.
4	My best friend was in town and we were looking to grab a bite to eat before heading over to see Dueling Pianos.  This place was nearby and I had heard good things about it.  It was busy and crowded and quite a few people milling around when we first walked in (surprisingly though, it wasn't loud until the live music started up).  I was confused as to how seating worked because there did not seem to be a hostess, but there was no seat yourself sign either.  Luckily, a few seats at the bar opened up, and we nabbed those right away.  The bartender was very nice and attentive and we only had to wait a few minutes before he asked what we wanted.  My boyfriend and I split chicken tenders and cheese curds and my best friend ordered the turkey club.  Their beer selection was expansive and the prices were fantastic.  After about 10-15 minutes, the bartender came over and told my friend that they were unfortunately out of turkey.  He was very apologetic and asked what else he could get for her.  She decided on chicken tenders as well.  My boyfriend and I got our food shortly after that.  The cheese curds were great; they were fried in batter that reminded me of onion rings.  They were not super greasy or heavy which was a major plus.  The chicken in the tenders looked and tasted like actual chicken- not something you find very often anymore!  I also really liked all the sauce choices they had available.  Because the kitchen had run out of turkey and because my friend had to wait so long for his food, the bar comped us a round of drinks and took half off her food.  They really take care of their customers at this restaurant!  I noticed the owner chatting to various patrons, many of which appeared to be regulars at the bar.  If you want to go to a local bar/restaurant that has great food, good selection, and actually treats its customers like people, definitely check out Fountain.  The only reason I took a star off was because seating was confusing.
5	A hidden gem!I've worked in this area for about a year now and thought I had found all the good lunch spots in the capitol square area.  Add this one to the list!  Came here with some colleagues for lunch during the week.  There are two areas, the front--- which is mostly a bar area. The back area-- which also has a bar, but more dining tables.  Our service was great and so was the food.  If you're on the search for good cheese curds, check this place out.  They were light and gooey and the ranch matched perfectly (funny, but true).  They're hand breaded and locally sourced from Westby, WI.I had the rueben which was pretty solid.  picture attached.  And yes, finally a restaurant that takes their cole slaw seriously.  Very good.My co-worker had the Shaved Ribeye Sandwich.  The dude wouldn't shut up about how good it was! He kept saying stuff like "this sandwich changed my life"   and "Wow, I didn't even need to dip it in Au Jus."  He had a cup of the beer cheese soup which was also very good. Add this place to your list.
5	I have been here three times by accident. We were always just around and the place was convenient, usually luring us in with some kind of special. I have never been disappointed. Their food has always been so good -- get the brat! The cheese curds are amazing. The bloodys -- oh yum and only $5. Really, everything on the menu is very reasonably priced, especially for the location. I would say the seating can be a little confusing, that's okay. The service makes up for it (I swear, there was one guy doing everything when we were there, yet you could not tell).
5	Loved the food (had a reuban), great service from the bartender, and did not wait more than maybe 10 minutes max for my food. My impression of the decor was that it kind of seemed like a smaller, less pretentious version of Old Fashioned and kind of reminded me of the basement bar of the Heidelberg in Ann Arbor (if there's any chance someone would understand that reference). Also loved that it wasn't too loud and seemed a little more intimate than a lot of the other bars around the square. I would recommend this to anyone looking to have dinner and/or drinks where they can easily talk to people in a relaxed setting.
5	Honestly, I know people are nice to you when you're paying them, but I hang out at The Fountain and can honestly say that the three people I've talked to on a regular basis are not only courteous and good at their job, but SO cool and nice. I have a regular rapport with Ruthie and Ryan, and Heather, one of the chefs is incredibly nice and real as well. Their reuben is also really good and I think I'm literally going to go grab a Hopalicious and eat one right now!
4	Pick from the front bar or the back. Some of the best cheese curds around. Burger was top notch as well. Stop on in for see great food and good beers.
3	Ok Here is the scoop: Went here on Sunday because I have had the place bookmarked for ages. Pros: The Outdoor Seating was great for a nice spring day. The burgers were absolutely incredible, as were the cheese curds.  Lastly, my sweet potato fries were delish. Cons: The Service was super slow. They seemed to be understaffed for the business they had. Only other complaint is parking can be a pain. Go when you have some free time!
2	First time here last night.  Live jazz combo was great, but the food was just ok and quite over-priced.  Our server was fair at best.
5	We brought 100+ people from out of town  to The Fountain for a Lacrosse team party.   Harold and his team did a great job taking care of us.  Way to go 'D', Miles and all the bartenders!  Great service and really good food!  We'll be back!
2	We tried the cheese curds because we told they were among the best in town.  The might be, if you like lots of breading with bits of cheese. The portobello sandwich had to be marinated in salt.  The mozzarella on it was dry and lacked any flavor. With all the salt you wouldn't be able to taste it anyway.The chicken salad sandwich....the filling was minimal, the toasted bread was brushed (soaked) in butter. The Rubin was tough and hard to eat.  The 4th person in our group ordered the bbq pork sandwich. He said it was good but certainly not worth coming back for.  Our water glasses were never refilled. Over all it is a thumbs down for all of us.   As a positive the sweet potato fries were good.
3	I'm disappointed. I came with such high hopes from other reviews and found that the burgers are not that fabulous after all.  Yes yes. I love the vibe, I am curious and am planning to be back for live music. The place was kinda confusing.. I entered from the front door at state street, saw a drumset and a bar but there was no one to help us. So my boy and I headed to the area at the dark area at the back and finally saw something like a reception. FYI, there's the front bar and back bar....So what to try?Cheese curds was good as mentioned. The crumbs were special, reminding me of a fish fry batter at Long John Silver's if you ever had it. But i still prefer the ones at Graze cos the ones at fountain have empty cheese curds (batter with no cheese)Fried onion straws - similar to the old fashioned. Skip the following, BOO!!!Pulled pork sliders. Not enough sauce so the pork was rather dry. Taste was good. And it was cheap and came with chips.. The server was so puzzled about us getting the 2 free toppings -.-Fountain burger - no patties here please. It was supposed to be medium rare and turned out charred on all sides
4	Trying to find a place to eat on a Saturday is crazy, luckily we came across this place. The burgers were delicious! The BBQ Cheddar Burger is SO good, I was pleasantly surprised as to how yummy it was.The beer selection was decent and the service was really good.I would definitely go back, especially for the BBQ Cheddar Burger!
4	Absolutely wonderful food with a fresh, local take on their items. I highly recommend the Tom Turkey and sweet potato fries. The only downfall depending on when you go is the service - it at times can be quite slow or not the most noteworthy but the sandwiches
2	We tried the fountain as a gathering spot for a group of us headed to the comedy club on a Saturday night.  It served its purpose. They have an extremely limited menu- burgers, soup and salad.  I had a Fountain burger.  It was an absolute mess- 2 patties with cheese smooshed between them.  It was definitely the talk of the table as it was huge with meat juices dripping all over.  Its what i was looking for-  a big mess of a burger.My girlfriend decided to try THE Reuben.  Now if you are brave enough to put "THE" in front of any sandwich name, it better be exceptional.  It wasn't.  Corned beef was dry and there was little or no dressing.  It was a disappointment.  My girlfriend said reubens at her work cafeteria were better.  This place has a ton of potential.  Its a large space with 2 bars and outdoor seating in the summer.  Expand the menu. Give me a reason to go back besides its location
2	Last night was our first (and likely last) time going to The Fountain. We went in with realistic expectations of pub food but were surprised by how limited the menu was. A few "bar plates," some burgers and sandwiches. Oh, there was one salad listed, but more about that later.  Our waitress had little or no knowledge about the beers available, and told us they did not have a list she could show us. Based on her limited and unhelpful information, one of us settled on a Corona, which arrived warm and without a lime. It only took two more requests to finally get that lime (but to give the waitress her due, she did remember it for subsequent rounds.). As for the food, it was hit or miss. The tomato soup was truly delicious, and appeared to be homemade. The chili had decent flavor and a nice kick, but the meat was greasy. The shrimp risotto, one of the bar plates, seemed out of place on the menu, but two of us decided to chance it. It was quite good, but the portion was ridiculously small (maybe half a cup) and included just one shrimp. The burgers were also very good. The sweet potato fries were commercially made - tasty but nothing special. The menu offered no description of the market salad. The waitress told us it featured pickled asparagus and cherry tomatoes, but it arrived without either of those items. When we pointed this out to the waitress, she went back to the kitchen and returned with a small cup of asparagus, but told us they were out of tomatoes.  Overall, the meal was disappointing and the service was worse. The only thing The Fountain had going for it last night was the jazz trio. They were great!
5	Awesome. Tommy was incredible. We had a party of 7 and were treated like royalty.  Food is amazing!
5	Great fish fry! Our bartender Tom was truly a jack of all trades!  He worked the bar like a well oiled piston! Friendly, mixed great drinks, told a joke or two and recommended a great dinner selection.. He even danced a little to the awesome blue grass music. Tonight, Tom was firing on all cylinders!! Definitely coming back!
5	We will DEFINITELY be back...the food was great, the server was super friendly and attentive (but not annoying/let us sit and chat too) and the atmosphere of the dining area can't be beat...a definite gem in the Madison area that I would not have guessed from walking by it in the past...The burgers were huge and cooked perfectly!  I would definitely recommend "The Fountain" burger.  Super yummy!
5	Very cool place - we were the first people in on a Saturday - sitting on the bar side - had some amazing little burgers.  Server was very nice - food was really good - place was really cool.  Glad we came in and hope to be back.
2	Torn between one and two stars here. The Fountain is conveniently located on State St. The concept is so cool - Wisconsin style bar with Wisconsin style food but sadly the execution is not well done. The group I was with was not thrilled with the selection for beers on tap (this should be a must at a Wisconsin style bar). Our server was slow and really didn't know much about the menu - but he did tell is in detail about why the Mac and cheese option was terrible. Some people on our group got burgers and they said for the price you can get a much better burger in Madison (try Cooper's Tavern!). I had the roast chicken and it was fine by me anything stand out. Probably won't try his place again.
4	Really great burgers.  Lots of nice menu selections with a Wisconsin theme and locally sourced ingredients.  Well thought out beer list, again with a WI focus.  Good wines too. We'll be back!
5	My burger experience in Madison has been absolutely phenomenal thus far.The Fountain Burger is the way to go. Although it changes with the times, I just remember how rich the aged cheddar was on my burger. Throw in some of their special sauce and you have one of the best in Madison! Why stick with one burger joint when you can have them all??They had a man playing the piano as well, which set a great vibe.
4	Very loud for my taste on a monday night, but the man working the bar was beyond attentive. I tasted the well-balanced Reuben and some gooey fluffy delightful battered cheese curds.
5	This place is often overlooked, but it shouldn't be!Things I've tried:Fountain Burger - I've had a lot of good burgers in Madison and this one is high up there. The aged cheddar is so rich it dominates the palate but still plays nice with the other toppings. This is a very tall burger but I was somehow still able to bit into it without everything being forced out the backend. Highly recommend if you don't mind $15 for the burger. Cheese curds - I've been a long time fan of OF's but these just might be better! I enjoy that they are lightly breaded and didn't seem as greasy as most places. The ranch was also pretty good but was more of a mild flavor that complimented the natural flavor of the curds nicely.
4	My favorite thing about this place is the ability for small appetizer style ordering.  I often want several things off the menu and I love that their appetizers are well priced and portioned so that I can order 2 or 3 and satisfy my fickle ordering nature.  I ordered a housemade seasonal pasta dish, pickled vegetables appetizers and a slider.  Their slider is totally worth it at $3.  It even comes with a little bit of fries.  It's the perfect size.  The pickle dish was also delicious.  It's drizzled with a reduced balsamic vinegar giving it the perfect sweetness to balance the acidity.  I found their pickled ground cherries delightful, and for someone who normally doesn't like mushrooms, their pickled mushrooms had a beautiful meaty flavor without being slimy.  I wasn't super wowed by their pasta dish, but it's listed as seasonal on the menu so it changes and I would definitely be interested in their other pastas.  The Fountain is also a pretty nice music venue.  I like that when there is a band, it's not so loud that I can't hear my dining partner if we leaned in a bit, but also loud enough that I can tune out the other patrons determined to talk over the music.  The entrance to this place is a little odd, but overall, a charming place.
1	Had a 6:30 reservation for six on a recent Friday night. There were empty tables so the super slow service was unexplainable and unacceptable. Finally served basic menu items (burgers, Reuben, fish fry) about 7:30. One person had to wait an additional ten minutes for a BLT. Forced to shovel down very average food to make 8:00 show at Overture Center. Waitress comped the appetizers, thus the one star.
1	I'm very confused.  How does this place have a high rating?  The space is bizarre but could be kitschy if it weren't for the service, food and cleanliness (or lack thereof).  We sat at the bar and the new bartender didn't know how to make an old fashioned.  Wow.  Piano player is a cool touch but it doesn't make up for the shortcomings on every other level.
