1	I came here once a few months ago because I was headed out of town the next day and wanted a mani/pedi. The result was of meh quality.  It looked decent at the finish, but started to chip the within the next two days, so I wasn't bowled over and had no intention of going back.  I recently left work late and didn't have time to drive to my usual place, so I decided to give this one another shot.  I asked if they had time to do a manicure only.  The nail tech said that he did and he would be right with me.  I waited about 15 minutes.  Another person (likely a regular, judging by the level of familiarity with the tech) walks in and asks if he has time to take her.  He says he does and he'll be with her in a bit.  She sits down, then gets up in a few minutes and walks off to the back of the salon.  I go back to reading my Glamour and finish the magazine.  Which was apparently awesome because the next thing I know, I've been sitting there for over an hour and the person that came in after me, is sitting at a station, being worked on by the nail tech that was going to "be right with me".  I wordlessly got up, left and have never been back.
5	This place is awesome!!! All the techs are very great,i can honestly this is the best salon i have done my nails! Starting from the nail products all the way to the owner! They offer you always something to drink and not just water but soda and wine! I mean what other nail salon will make you feel so pamper and relax! I enjoy going to do my nails at this salon when im tired and feel i need to be pamper, because i know i will be in good hands! The nail products they use are amazing,the color and shininess last. All  the girls from my fam go to this nail salon and we have never complain!! Def recommend this place to anyone who is new or a resident in charlotte! Please DONT listen to these 2 bad reviews!! I been going to My Nails &Tan for 3 years you wont regret it !!!
5	Great! Great! Great! Salon!!!! The staff is extremely professional. My personal fav is Peter!!! He is extremely knowledgable and doesn't use cheap products !!! You get what you pay for!!! This is now my Salon!!!!
5	Great place for quality of work!!! Your not rushed the pedicures are awesome!! You pretty much get what u pay for it's about the best salon I've been to in the five years I've been in Charlotte I recommend this salon 1000x over
5	Excelent...     I recently moved to this area and needed quality service to take care of my beat up runners feet. I tried numerous places in the Charlotte area and no one can compete with this place.      My girlfriend has been going here since she was in high school (almost 15 years) and kept telling me to go. The staff is very friendly, efficient, and most important, consistent with their level of service. I was surprised to be greeted with my first name after only 2 visits. Very pleased all around. Sometimes the wait can be a bit lengthy but trust me, as with anything great, it is worth the wait and there is a reason that the line is long.      Overall, it is a must for anyone looking for quality service. I go for the pedis but my girlfriend visits at least once a month for eyebrow waxing, gel manis, and even tanning. 5 stars all the way.!.!.
4	I've been going to My Nails & Tan since they first opened which is about 15 years ago. And over the course of those 15 years, I have only been to a few other nail salons for only 2 reasons: 1. I'm in a rush and don't have time to wait 2.I'm out of town and failed to get my nails done prior to leaving.Bottom line, I've yet to get a better pedicure or fill-in ANYWHERE.  And let's face it...who doesn't like to go to an establishment where when you walk in the door you're greeted by your first name?  That small effort to make EVERYONE that walks through their door feel like a valued customer is awesome to me!  There are other clients that have been going there for years as well so it feels like one big happy family.The only reason I'm not giving a 5 star rating is because they continue to struggle with being fully staffed so the wait can be long at times.  Yet if you're not in rush, ( LIKE I ALWAYS AM!), then it's well worth the wait.
5	This place is awesome!!! All the techs are very great,i can honestly this is the best salon i have done my nails! Starting from the nail products all the way to the owner! They offer you always something to drink and not just water but soda and wine! I mean what other nail salon will make you feel so pamper and relax! I enjoy going to do my nails at this salon when im tired and feel i need to be pamper, because i know i will be in good hands! The nail products they use are amazing,the color and shininess last. All  the girls from my fam go to this nail salon and we have never complain!! Def recommend this place to anyone who is new or a resident in charlotte! Please DONT listen to these 2 bad reviews!! I been going to My Nails &Tan for 3 years you wont regret it !!!
5	I love My Salon! Best gel manicure in Charlotte. Wait times can be long but it is worth it. The owner, Peter, is amazing and pays close attention to detail. His gel manicures last OVER two weeks. Only place in Charlotte I will go!
1	Would not recommend this salon to minorities because of racist workers. I love the clients at the salon but behind the scenes its very unprofessional and unsanitary however I still wish Peter and Holy much success in all they do.
