3	This is the fourth YOOP in the Montreal area. This newest one is located in a heritage building (1850!) on the north shore of Lac Saint -Louis. Your standard Irish pub with pub grub................with a twist. They serve Sri Lankan food! It seems one of the owners is Sri Lankan and he has staffed the kitchen so. I tried the lamb curry. Big helping of curry on a bed of rice. Tomato garnish. Waitress said it was spicy.........but I would have liked it even more so. Even then the curry was tasty and went well with my two draught choices (from local craft brewer McAuslan):  St-Ambroise Pale and Griffon Blonde. Soup and salad Also tried the egg roll and samosa for an app. Average tasting...and, again, could have used a bit more spice.My colleauges enjoyed the more traditional fare i.e. Beef and Stout Stew.
4	The first time I came here was back when it first opened. The place was packed and the waitstaff were pretty disorganized. Luckily, the food was good. I had the pork & apple pie and enjoyed it, though wouldn't call it a must-have. I recently went back at a less busy hour. Had the fish & chips, which were delicious. I ordered their curry dipping sauce as an extra since I'd heard it was good, and indeed it was! My friend and I were both happy with our food, but the service is still a bit shaky. There were periods where it felt like they were hurrying us along, and then just as easily it would seem like we'd been forgotten. Our waiter, though charming, was scattered and left my friend waiting to pay with her card until finally another waitress did it for us.  Still, the food is good and the atmosphere/clientele is thankfully not-Clyde's. If I had to change anything, I'd take down the damn TVs. I came here to socialize, not be constantly distracted by your big flat-screens.
4	We needed a good irish pub around here.  Excellent choice of beer on tap and great ambiance (for a pub).  Usualy pretty packed but nothing wrong wtih sipping a nice irish stout standing around the bar with friends.  Great service.  As for the food it's a 3 star for me.  Wings are great but the Sri-Lanka execution could be bettter (I love that type of food and I was not that impressed).  Fish'n Chips = 1 good & 1 bad.  I have to go again to break the tie.  Oh yeah, you can bring the kids too!
2	Weekend breakfasts are tasty. Soups tend to be good at lunch and dinner. Otherwise food is fairly mediocre. Too many TV's.
4	Have frequented the pub 10 times or so and  found it packed with locals enjoying a beer and food. The food is quite good for pub food, especially like the stews. Beer selection more than adequate and service very good. Nice addition to the West Island. Drawbacks: 1/  the bar area to stand is too small. Eight to ten people and it is packed. 2/ a couple of the higher tables  have a TV 3 inches from your face. The TV is positioned for people sitting at other tables but encroaches on the people sitting at the higher tables. TV's not positioned well. ( or do they even need this many ) Ceiling too low for TV's. 3/ fireplace a nice touch but takes up some ciritical area of the pub. A couple of tables close thus enjoy the fire... rest of the people in the bar not able to enjoy at all.
5	I would have out a 4.5 but as this  is not possible I upgraded them. The service was spot on and the food itself was delicious and plentiful. We didn't feel at all rushed even though it was a Saturday night and the place was packed. It is true it is a bit cramped but to me that just added to the atmosphere of a pub. Definitely will be back.
5	The gang at Ye Olde Orchard are always welcoming and accommodating, especially as we normally go there as a group of 10 or more scuba divers from Action Scuba. Great food, great service and a terrific atmosphere.As close to a genuine British gastro pub as you can get in Canada (and a Brit and someone who lived in London a long time, that's saying something!)
4	Finally, a good, hearty Irish pub. This is what McKibbin's SHOULD be.Pros- Great selections of scotches and irish whiskeys- Extensive selection of domestic and imported beers, but nothing I haven't seen before- The Sri Lankan appetizer are the best thing to have with a pint both because they're a good, filling stomach fodder so your beer doesn't throw you too overboard and because the rolls have just the right amount of spice to contrast the beer nicely.- Friendly staffCons- Their hours! I sometimes don't go there because I know that they close relatively early. I don't like walking into a place and being told "Just to let you know, the terrasse closes at 10 and the bar closes at 12." My BEST drinking happens after 12!- The air conditioning for the whole resto is centred in one place. Pray that you don't have to sit under it.
2	OK atmosphere, however, quite expensive.  Food is only mediocre.
1	Ye Old Orchard Pub in Pointe-Claire.....probably the worst fish and chips I have ever encountered outside of those waxed boxes of frozen nasties. It was soggy, virtually tasteless and the small taste that was detectable, was stale. My companion had a burger or what may have started out as a burger in some other time and place. It was floppy, thin and he is sure it was from frozen. The fries were greasy and not in a good old-fashioned fries way. The waiter took our order quickly but we had quite wait for the food and believe me, it was NOT worth wait. The place was not crowded so that was not excuse. I could not finish my meal - it was that nasty.  As a matter of fact, the mean came back to haunt me throughout the rest of the evening.  While the waiter was a nice enough young man, replete in a kilt - the table and the menus were sticky.  We should have clued in and left when we stuck to the table. This was our first and last time going to the Ye Old Orchard. We are not food snobs by any means.   This ranked as one of the worst meals we've ever been served.
1	I'm not sure what has happened here, but to say there has been a food quality nosedive is putting it mildly.  Used to be a great stop for pub food, bring the kids and so forth.  The last two trips have turned us off completely.  Teenage son wouldn't touch his poutine.  Fish and chips have gone from one of the better to the absolute worst imaginable.  They look, feel and taste like they are coming out of a grocery freezer section.  Just terrible and a shame because the ambiance is great.  Service not so great.  Drink orders arrived after we finished our food! Unbelievable.
3	All the pro's from my initial review stand.Though I can't evaluate the air conditioning this time of year, getting a table next to the fire ensured we were toasty from minute 1.I was skeptical of recent reviews about the food would only trust my own taste buds when benchmarking a pub which I hold in high esteem. Unfortunately, I have to agree that the food has taken a downturn. My sweet potato fries tasted stale and twice fried. It's a shame because greasy foods are what fodders my drinking and what will ultimately push me to buy just one more round. The quality was far from justifying the price, which should include the curry mayo they tack on for $1.I'll of course be back, but I'm unsure if it will b for food. I'll have to judge by the reactions of my fellow Yelpers
2	So disappointing. The quality has taken a nosedive overall. They shrunk the menu as well but didn't shrink their prices.  Nothing came out of the kitchen that looked appetizing, unfortunately sitting my the kitchen so got a birds eye view of it all.  The burger was ok but that patty shrunk!  It's been progressively getting stickier and it has now reached, for me, maximum suckage.
