2	This isn't a great place.  It's not bad, but it's so far from great that it leans in the not so good direction.  It looked great from the parking lot so I figured I'd give it a try.  Walking in the door at 12:05pm on a weekday, I expected to be one of several folks rushing in for their lunch hour.  Just one other table in the whole place.  Should have tipped me off.  The place is good sized, has a nice bar and a pool table in the back.  2 tv's were showing different sports channels above the bar.  I couldn't help but feel like this was more of a bar that served Italian food than an Italian restaurant w/ a bar.My service was fine.  The girl serving me was pleasant, but not exactly interested in being there.  The food was nothing above ok.  The sauce was fine, a bit sweet, but ok.  The pasta hadn't seen al dente in so long it would have needed a map to get back there.  And the garlic bread on the side was so dry it felt like they used stale bread before toasting it.  This was their special of the day.  Don't you want your special to be the things you do well?  If you're interested in their Texas Hold 'em tournements, I bet this could be a good time as a locaction.  The bar is really good sized and it's in a good spot in town.  Just make sure you've eaten dinner before you go.PS - And don't use the bathroom unless you really really have to.  Kid you not - the toilet bowl cover was duct taped together.
4	This place is a ton of fun, particularly when karaoke is being done.  The first time I came to Carmen's I didn't know it was karaoke until I heard the singing, and I was hesitant about eating with that going on.  I had always thought that people who did karaoke at bars and restaurants sucked really bad.  At Carmen's at least, the singers were really good!  I actually enjoyed listening to them, which I really didn't expect.  Tonight we were actually disappointed that the karaoke didn't start until after we were done.  The food here is so good.  They have huge calzones, delicious pasta and surprisingly delicious salads.  Yum.  The portions are so big that I have yet to try the desserts, but I have high hopes.The service has also been really superb.  Really friendly people who do their best.  The atmosphere is dimly lit and bar-like, with nice comfy booths.
3	Good neighborhood restaurants are hard to find, a place that you can call your own, where the food is good and reasonably priced.  And in the southwest it's even harder to find a good neighborhood restaurant that serves Italian food.  In today's world of fast food and chain restaurants, people tend to choose the Olive Garden over a small business when the craving for good pasta and/or pizza dishes.  Carmen's Bistro on Baseline in Tempe lets one go back for a nice Italian meal without the hassle of corporate America's set menu.  A small place that mixes neighborhood bar with neighborhood restaurant, Carmen's is perfect for a night with friends or even a quiet setting to bring a date for the first time.  As you walk up, the kitchen if fully exposed so that one can watch the cooks prepare tasty delights that come out of the kitchen. Upon arriving with a group of friends from out of town for an early afternoon dinner, we took a seat in the corner of the dimly lit restaurant.  The menu is traditional American Italian cuisine, serving everything from anti pasta to spaghetti with marinara to pizza.  Everyone in the group had the same thought as we looked at the menu, and a round or calzones was ordered by all, with two people getting fried zucchini sticks and a salad to start.  Arrival of the first course was quick, though the person that ordered the fried zucchini was surprised to see that the zucchini he ordered magically turned into fried mozzarella sticks.  Instead of sending it back, he ate them with much delight.  A small mistake turned into a lovely appetizer that was served with marina sauce for dipping.  The salad that came out was simple, your basic garden salad, that was portioned for a quick bite before the main course, not to filling. The calzones then came out a little later.  Wait time was about twenty minutes, acceptable considering that they are made fresh in the kitchen.  The crust on the calzone was very basic, and not seasoned all that much.  A little garlic power would've gone a long way.  The same marinara sauce that was served with the mozzarella sticks came with it, for the same dipping purposes.  The sauce it self was a little sweet to taste, and served cold.  Heat would've made it a little more enjoyable, and of course a little garlic might take away the extra sweetness that was brought on by the tomato.  The filling in the calzone was hot, but not too hot to where one might burn their mouth.  The mixture that was in the calzone was your basic pizza toppings and could've been seasoned with Italian herbs for extra flavor, a little disappointing to say the least. A very filling meal for everyone in the group, though not as satisfying for one's taste buds.  Service was not bad, but the screw up with the appetizer might be more a reflection of a lack of attention to detail by our server and not the cook.  Carmen's Bistro has a nice foundation in place, but still has some work to do if it wants to be considered a fine Italian food at a decent rate.  Still, it was better than the corporate menu and over trained service at the Olive Garden, making it a nice place to walk up to and eat, but not a place to set your plans to for an evening.
1	So we were looking for something different in Tempe. Well, we found it. So far the worst Italian I've had in the valley. Look at my stats. One star reviews are rare for me. I'll usually go back at least once to give them another chance. But I'll make an exception in this case, because there's no way I'm ever goin' back to this place.Should have known something was up when the waitress brought our drinks over talking on a cordless phone. "No," she said. "I can't talk right now. No. I'm working. I'm kind of bringing someone their drinks. Can I call you back? I'll call you back. Bye." When she put the phone down we ordered the eggplant parmesan. Big mistake. Looked and tasted like someone hid it at the bottom of the deep fryer and forgot about it. For 3 days. There wasn't much eggplant left, and what eggplant was left didn't taste much like eggplant. More like... cardboard. mmmm... cardboard parmesan. Seriously, it was gross. Sad thing was we were absolutely starving and on our way to a show so we ate it. Well, most of it. It came with a side of spaghetti, which was all right. Not as gross as the eggplant, but still not good.Thought I'd give them a chance to redeem themselves with a canoli for dessert. Worst canoli ever. The dough was hard and stale, and the filling was strangely sour and so thick that technically I don't think it could be classified as cream. More like... gel.Bad service, bad food. Beware.
1	I'm sorry Carmen's but you are getting a one star review. I should have known as soon as I walked in this was not the sort of place to eat at. Should have just bellied up to the bar instead of ordering food, but we were starving. The eggplant parmesan was paper thin and extremely over fried. There we were pools of grease on the plate that they tried to mask by covering it with sauce and cheese (nice try) but you still could taste the overused deep fried oil remnants.The drinks were weak. Very weak.The canoli had the same deep fried stale taste and it was filled with cream that resembled the consistency of toothpaste.The meal was one of the worst I have had in ages. Hands down, I will not be returning.
3	I met up with a friend here for a quick dinner after work and I took it for what it was worth. We grabbed a beer and some half price appetizers from their 4-7 happy hour menu. We were the only table in the place at 7PM, however there were others at the bar. The food was average. They had really good ranch dressing and a salad that used actual green lettuce (romaine) which I was impressed with, considering. I had the Chicken Alfredo and my friend had the Chicken Parm, we split them. It's super affordable for a sit down dinner and feels good to support local businesses as much as possible.I would go back if it was convenient - but I wouldn't bring out of town visitors.
1	Absolutely awful --  the atmosphere and the food.  We have never had such a terrible meal..  Don't know how they stay in business as a restaurant serving food like that.  We were there from 5:30 to 7pm and the only customers in the place.  I would hate to see the place with the lights on!!!  Even the service was only fair.  Don't waste your time or money!!!
1	I hate to pile it on to a local restaurant that is struggling, but it is what it is.  Walked in to the pizza side, very hot, was directed to the bar side, waited ~15 minutes for my pizza.  Had the 12" white pizza for lunch, with the advertised lunch specials being unavailable @ 11:40.  Ricotta, mozzarella, whisper of garlic.  Very lackluster, the cheeses seemed old, with the ricotta being especially clumpy and not creamy.  The crust on the outside edge was terrible, with the crazy sensation of toothpaste somehow.  A cavernous bar area that was completely empty from 11:45-12:25.  A very depressed owner matched this soulless mockery of a restaurant.  Pay your respects for 15 years of service... and move on.
3	Arrived at 10pm, ordered a $7 personal pan pizza with tomatoes, mushrooms, and broccoli -- it was fresh out of the oven, w/ a slight amount of cheese and slight amount of sauce. (Be sure to ask to personalize it, if need more of either); plus a merlot, $4.50. Waiter was either on speed or had not had his downers yet ;)My buddy had arrived earlier to get songs out of her head...and into the ether. So I joined her for a few, my first karaoke experience :)The sound system was pretty crappy and the song selection was very country, somewhat 90's rock, and a few from several genres otherwise.Crowd was a small group of friends (10), a small group of college students (4), and pairs of drinkers at the bar (3 pairs, come and go). Dimly lit, comfy booths, ordinary tables/chairs, pool table for $ (did not try), and clean bathrooms.Reminds me of places I've visited in small highway towns when driving cross country road trip'n.
3	11 bucks for a large cheese pizza was actually a bit refreshing in a market of overpriced food items these days.  Clearly not the best pizza I've had, but definitely good on the palate and worthwhile.  I'd order again if the moment was right.
1	We stopped by at 6:30p on our way home from a fed x pick up and thought we would try somewhere new.  We should have known when we walked in and not a soul was there but us and the eerie bartender.  We ordered 2 burbon and diet cokes and what arrive was 2 drinks both only half full with partially melted ice.  I would have sworn that they were left overs from someone elses table but there wasn't anyone else there.  They tasted like watered down coke.  The bartender took out order and he had no idea what time happy hour was over and it was on the plastic (nasty dirty) flier on the table. He certainly could have read it cause it looked like he had plenty of time since he had zero customers.  He took our order and had no knowledge of the menu.  I really can't rate the food cause we told the guy to forget it and left.  What was really strange (besides the weird music he started playing) was that he was not surprised at all.  Not in the least.  It was like he never intended to ever have to serve food in the first place.  After we left I read the reviews and noticed that the place has been open since 2007 and never had a good review or even a fair one.  Hmmmm  Something tells me this isn't really a restaurant,  I'm thinking this is a front for something, drugs, money laundering, anything but food. THe whole experience really creeped us out.  Maybe it was the 110 yr old bartender.  Go back??  I won't even drive by it again!  It was just tooo creepy.  Oh and the only reason I gave it 1 star is because you can't give zero!
2	we ordered a white pizza to go.  what we got was a regular marinara/cheese pizza. (of course I didn't discover this until we were already home)the pizza was just ok, far from amazing.there was a cat roaming the bar while we waited... I adore cats, but not in restaurants.  overall, the place just seemed dark and greasy.  we won't be returning.
5	Really can't say much bad about this place. Went with family, had a extra large sausage pizza. First let me start off. I'm a snob, I only put stuff in my mouth that is good as I have a problem with eating bad food. I enjoyed it. The sauce is a bit sweeter then what I'm used to, but good. The crust is crispy, New York style. I ordered the lasagna. Much to my surprise, it was also delicious! Down side, beer snob, and not a huge selection, but seems like a nice place to relax. The older gentleman was super nice and overall a good experience. Kinda shocked at the reviews on here. If you want crappy pizza go to pizza hut. If you want good pizza stop here.
1	The place is a joke, the food is horrible, the service is just as bad! Save yourself some time and keep driving.
1	Unfortunately there isn't a lower rating for this joke of a bar. Al the owner is an unbelievable douche bag, surly with customers and slow with service. Not only did he drop racist comments about Asians, he would describe his violations and covering them up for the inspectors (who was a female Asian). Answering questions like "how have you been al" answered with a snide comment and a rude attitude. It's clear he gives zero fucks about the bar itself, his staff and even his customers. I will not be going back and urge you to support another local establishment.
1	DO NOT, I REPEAT, DO NOT WASTE YOUR TIME WITH THIS RESTAURANT!!!  This restaurant deserves no stars.Foolishly and uncharacteristically, I did not check Yelp because my wife said she had been here in the past and it was fine.  She obviously blotted it from her mind as a horribly traumatic experience.When we walked in, we didn't need to be seated because there was only one other couple in the restaurant, the first bad sign. The second was there was not a server in sight.  After about 5 minutes, a sever did appear from the back somewhere.  She asked for our drink order and I told her we were ready to order our dinners also, My wife ordered lasagne, which was an early bird special.  Bad sign #3.  The waitress asked her if she wanted the lunch or dinner portion (it was 6:30pm).  My wife replied that she wanted the early bird special.  The waitress grabbed the menu to examine it stating that she wasn't familiar with it because she was just here temporarily.  I ordered the Chicken Cacciatore and iced tea.Bad sign #4.  The waitress brought my iced tea. What could be wrong with iced tea? It was the foulest, most undrinkable concoction I ever attempted to drink.  When the waitress came by, I told her the iced tea was undrinkable & to bring me a Diet Coke. She came back shortly with a glass of regular Coke because they didn't carry Diet.  I said fine.  Shortly thereafter, an older man came out and said he heard that my tea wasn't good so he would bring me a fresh one.  He brought me the (fresh) one.  I didn't think it was possible, but it tasted worse than the first one.The salads came and they were OK.  They had fresh leaf lettuce, with tomato and onion, but the italian dressing tasted like Wishbone (Thank God they didn't make it themselves).Now for the entrees.  I won't go into any detail, but suffice it to say, if Taco Bell & Jack in the Box made lasagne and Chicken Cacciatore, I would eat it there before I'd set foot in this restaurant.  By the way, I haven't been to either of those places in the past 20 years.My wife and I agreed, this was the worst restaurant we have ever eaten in and I'm talking about literally thousands of restaurant meals.  I cannot fathom how this "restaurant" is still in existence.I have definitely learned my lesson.  I will never ever forget to check Yelp before I go to a new restaurant for fear that I might have blotted this nightmare out of my mind as my wife obviously did.
1	This was the worst pizza I have had in the ten years I have been in Phoenix. The crust was flaky, like when you freeze bread forever and finally eat it. Cheese and sauce were some odd orange color with a awful taste. I threw this pizza out the next day. First time I have ever committed such a shameful act. It was 730 on a Saturday night when I picked up my pizza  and there were only two other cars in the lot...now I know why.
