1	Name of establishment Village Bistro                      14185 John J. Delany Drive, Ste 150                      Charlotte, NC 28277                      704-369-5190Owners we contacted: Gary Murray, Lars JohnsonDate of occurrence: October 31, 2006Ballantyne Area of Charlotte NC-Village Bistro.Ate there 3 times. First time when opened. Quite good and service was attentive. Owner came by to ask how things were.Second time fair but I like to give places the benefit of the doubt. Could be an off night.Was wrong on third time when Fianc' were out celebrating a special event and we both ordered the same thing. We both got sick. She became very ill and had to spend the rest of the next day indoors. Doctor diagnosed this as food poisoning over the phone and gave her some instructions on what to do.We informed restaurant who denied that such a thing could occur within 4 hours of after eating. PLEEEZE.We spoke to one of the owners who took down some information and said she would mail a check of some amount to reimburse us for the $72 meal. Check never received.We wrote the two owners a letter via postal mail. No luck, no response.I have been told that if this ever happens again to immediately call your doctor like we did. Then call the Board of Health within a day or two. Found this second part out a bit late.I also learned to use my charge card in restaurants rather than pay cash. Then I can cancel with good reason.Village Bistro--no more!! However we may send friends there we do not like so they can experience poor service, false promises, denial and just need to clear out their bodily fluids.Peter
4	I really enjoyed this place. It's in a cute area that has a cluster of restaurants surrounding it, as well as a wine bar and dessert restaurant, plus some shops, and a movie theatre. We went on a Saturday night and ate outside, and they had a guy there playing acoustic guitar who was really good. He did covers as well as originals, and he sang a lot of Dave Matthews which I loved. Okay, back to the restaurant. If you are a seafood lover you HAVE to get the grouper -- it is amazing. It was served over an almond polenta and had grapes in the dish. It was cooked perfectly and was soooooo tasty! They also have a really good hummus, served with pitas and several other delicious spreads. We've been here several times, sometimes on a Saturday night for a nice dinner and sometimes on a Tuesday for a simple salad and soup, and it's been great every time. My only issue with it was the "fresh mozzarella" they add to the salad. Maybe I'm biased being from New York and eating the real mozzarella, but you could definitely skip this. If I hadn't read it on the menu I wouldn't have known what I was eating! Definitely eat here and you won't be disappointed -- and ask for Jason to be your server, he is awesome!
2	I've been here twice.  It was tough to assign a star rating to this one.  I'll just start writing and maybe by the end, I'll come up with something...-  The steak salad - a NY Strip served w/a big side salad - is definitely worth going for.  For $12,  it's worth 4 stars-  Everything else seems very pricey for the venue.  Put simply, if I wanted to drop a hundy for drinks, apps, and dinner for two, there are far better places to do it-  The manager there needs some guidance.  She constantly wanders the small dining room, stopping nowhere, just seemingly monitoring.  Seeing her do a walk-thru every 5 minutes or so without actually doing anything or checking on anyone was just oddOk, I figured it out...the steak salad gets you four stars, the rest of the menu gets them 2 stars,  One menu item isn't enough to get them a 3 star/a-ok rating.  Again, I wish we could award halfsies...
1	Two of my rules for trying a new place: - Never eat in an empty restaurant - Never order from a menu with typos.I violated both of these rules and paid the price.The food there is nothing special. The chopped salad isn't chopped and is a random combination of flavors that don't go together, including some kind of processed meat substance that seemed to be either chicken or ham. My friend's sandwich was completely lackluster.Service was totally underwhelming and our server was doused in way too much perfume.Skip this one.
3	I have never been for dinner but have been many times for lunch as it is close to where I work.  We go here for team lunches, etc. and have no cause for complaints with one exception: the price.  Way too pricey for what it is.  Today I spent 20 dollars on my lunch entree (including tip). That's with just water to drink.  I can say that the food is hit or miss.  My two personal faves are the Lobster Roll and the Shrimp Scampi. The Lobster Roll is as good as you are going to get outside of New England. The Shrimp Scampi is delish.  The salads are so-so, especially the chopped salad which comes in this ridiculous odd-shaped bowl making it hard to eat out of.  I haven't tried them but I hear the paninis are good.
1	Where do I start?  Our server was clueless and couldn't tell us what beers they had on tap. Instead of telling (selling) us the special for the night (yes, only 1), he tossed a photocopied sheet of paper on the table with the one and only dinner special listed. The manager/hostess sat us and then forgot there was a band coming in and had to move us.  The table she moved us to was right in front of where the band was setting up and I spent the majority of my dinner getting knocked and pushed by various pieces of the band's equipment as they moved in. As the reviewer above noted, the manager seems to be wandering through the dining area - yet never really checks on anything.  Then again, maybe past experience has warned her not to ask the customers how their dining experience is going.The chopped salad was definitely not chopped and the turkey on it was a grade below oscar meyer - some sort of processed stuff out of a can.  the dressing was oily and tasteless - for $10 - it was a rip off.  All in all, an overpriced, tasteless, disappointment without much atmosphere.
3	Never clicked on "update" so, along with you I'll find out how this works...Went back for lunch over Thanksgiving.  The crab bisque was really good.  I'm not one to rave about a simple sandwich but their tuna salad w/bacon, cheddar, on buttered wheat toast was pretty darn great.  Since "Yelp Stars" mean different things to different reviewers, here's how I justified the upgrade to 3 stars:  The food is pretty darn good and consistent and deserving of 4 stars.  I just think it's too pricey for where and what it is...a neighborhood restaurant/bar, and that gets them 2 stars.  So overall a 3.
3	Ate lunch here. our food was good.  We shared so we could try 2 different things. Drank water so price wasn't a problem. Other items on the menu were pricey.
3	Went there for brunch one time. Food is ok and a bit pricy too. May not go back any time soon...
3	First time here for brunch and I really enjoyed it- 3.5 starsI went with a classic Caesar salad wrap with potato salad. The wrap needed a little something more - maybe some tomatoes or red onion...It was definitely mostly lettuce. I ordered a side of dressing and that made it better. Paneras is much better -sadly. The side potato salad was super awesome- it had bacon and chives in it. I find potato salad in the south tends to be too sweet so I was really happy with this variation. Another person in the group had the chicken salad with chips. Chips looks delicious (homemade) and she was happy with her meal.I got to try some samplings off the $15 brunch buffet. I liked the biscuits and gravy, eggs benedict, and prime rib. They did not have mashed potatoes as advertised so I was a little sad about that, and I wasn't a huge fan of the goat cheese crepe (I thought it sounded great...). Overall I am not sure if it is quite worth that price tag.The mimosas were delicious I'd like to try it again and may try those filet lollipops or ahi salad
3	They had some great drink and wine specials here, but unfortunately they are now out of business!  I saw a sign on the door the other day that a new restaurant will be opening sometime this summer.
1	closed
1	They are closed. New restaurant is Terrace Cafe and it's amazing. Welcome to the hood.
1	Mothers Day brunch was a disaster, poor service no food . We waited for over an hour for our order, and when part of it showed up it looked like a child's portion.
