3	This place isn't all that great for anything on the menu, but there's nothing really wrong with it either.  If you're on Walnut street you'll probably wind up eating here at some point in your life.
4	Union Grill has great burgers. I've never gone wrong with one. I have had some things I didn't love there before - though I can't remember off the top of my head what they are.
4	Good place for lunch.  I am at this place once or twice a month. Get there before 12 and there is no wait for a table. Voodoo chicken, crabcakes and salmon plate are pretty good.  Portions and drinks are on the large side.  Desserts have good. This is the only restaurant I have been to that has a *very* reasonably priced wine selection.  Decent wines (wine spectator rating on the menu) for less than $15.  One extra star for this feature alone.
4	I'm a bit surprised the rating/consensus isn't higher. To me, this is the quintessential college bar, and one of the best meals in Oakland.I love the Turkey Burger (the beef is good too), with their french fries, and a tall glass of lemonade. They have excellent drink prices, and have some city fame for their wine specials. However, these deals also forced all these stipulations on the menu about loitering, how long you can stay, things/amounts of you money you should spend, etc. That's a turn off. The menu is simple but pleases all. The inside and small outside seating areas are cozy.I love going here a few times a year, and I wish there was a steady twin in Philadelphia.
4	It's somewhat of a secret, but they have the best burger in the 'burgh. Like everything else here, it's unoriginal, plain-jane American - but executed perfectly. The Union Grill is probably the most honest, most comforting, most down-to-earth, American restaurant I've ever been in. All of the food comes in ridiculously large pittsburgh-portions - and it's pretty much all great. They also have Pierogies so you can show your friends a Pittsburgh tradition. They have sidewalk seating - so on the 4 days a year when it's pleasant outdoors - you can enjoy it. Lastly, they have pretty cheap, pretty decent wine by the glass. A glass of cheap red goes great with those burgers.
3	"Honest American Food."  Haha!  My friends and I were laughing about their logo on their sign.  Is there dishonest American food?Came here to kill some time after a wedding.  It seemed like your typical American grab grub and go place.  My friend ordered the hummus and pita chip appetizer.  It was pretty good and a nice touch was that some veggie skewers came along on the side.  Another friend of mine had the she-crab soup and I could smell the creaminess to it.The best part about this place is how BIG their glasses are.  It would be easy to be a waitress here because you would NEVER have to worry about running around to do refills.  My coke was about a foot tall.Seating was nice because the full-length window that looks out to the sidewalk can open up.
4	This is a great place for lunch . . . but get there early or wait until the massive lunch crowd is gone . . .everyone wants to eat here.  The food is always good . . at least I've never been disappointed.  And the fresh warm sweet potato chips are worth it, if you eat nothing else.  There are a few tables outside, but the inside is cozy and inviting.  The service has always been good.  The only reason they lose a star is that sometimes you could faint from hunger driving around trying to find a place to park.   Like I said, you are not the only one who wants to eat here and they all have their cars in the limited street spaces!  Walk to get here . . . you are going to need the exercise after a big lunch!
3	The name says it all in a way. Eating at this place is like joining a union. What I noticed most about this place is all the rules they have for their patrons. It's not that the rules are particularly heinous, just that the rules are so blatantly advertised. First there's a big sign that says they won't seat you until your entire party is there. Then the menu has rules about no sharing, they will charge you extra. I think there were more rules on the menu than that, but I don't recall them exactly. I found these well advertised rules condescending, unnecessary and made me feel like they were doing ME a favour by letting me eat at their restaurant. Thanks, but no thanks.There is nothing particular noteworthy about this place, except there are no other "American" translation "Middle-class white suburban" sit down restaurants on that part of Craig St. I wasn't particularly impressed. They do not have the best burgers in the 'burgh or even Oakland. Maybe they have the  best burgers on Craig St. in between Forbes and Fifth Ave? I don't know, I haven't tried the burgers at that pizza place with the aluminum foil swans.
3	In what may be typical Pittsburgh style, there were fries in my buffalo salad... right under the buffalo chicken. I don't think the menu mentioned that. Not that I mind too much. Almost any American food you order around this area comes with them.The service is pretty decent, though your food may take a while to come out if you happen to go during the lunch hour rush. (There are a limited number of restaurants in the area after all). The place also serves as a bar, so the lighting is pretty dim inside... unless you happen to be seated right by the full window wall.I definitely don't mind coming here on occasion. Everything is pretty standard, and I usually know what to expect.
4	As someone already said this is a very good college bar/restaurant -- and I suspect all the rules are for the college kids. I try to get there for dinner before there's a long wait (by 6pm), and it's usually crowded. Very friendly staff. Good drinks. Good prices for a bottle of wine. Best burgers? Don't know about that, but I rarely get a bad meal. This is inexpensive, homestyle food (meat loaf, etc). I also like the bustling atmosphere.
3	Another restaurant on my list of "Yeah, it was good, I guess," places in Pittsburgh.  They make a really big deal on their menu about their huge portions and prices that haven't changed in many years despite them having to pay more for food.  I kind of felt like they were pandering for my sympathies, and maybe I would say, "No!  Charge  me more, Union Grill!"  I ordered a $4 pint of Yuengling, which seemed high to me. Since their menu said they have really big portions, I ordered the $11 chicken pot pie which didn't come with anything else.  It was bland, the potatoes and carrots were a little too al dente, and I easily finished the portion.  Granted, I was full, but with a disclaimer of big portions, I was hoping to have some to take home for dinner.  So, it wasn't insanely good, wasn't really bad.  I will go again to try out the burgers.
4	I always get the A.L.T. here (avocado, lettuce, and tomato) because I don't like meat, but I think my friends like the burgers.  The fries are pretty good too, and I'm picky about fries.  Although the service is rather slow, I come here pretty often because it's the best combination of "tastes good" and "within walking distance of my dorm."
2	The Union Grill served me the worst fish tacos I've ever had in my life (complete with rotting avocados)! I've only been here twice, but was not particularly impressed either time with the food or the service. This place will do in a pinch, but it is nothing special.
4	Union Grill gives Tessaro's a run for it's money for the "best burger" crown.  On the short strip of shops on Craig St, Union Grill stands out.  It is a neighborhood restaurant - very "American" food.  It isn't healthy, not even the salads, but that's what makes it good.The service is what you expect, nothing great but I haven't encountered a rude waiter.  During lunch expect a wait and it to take a while to get your food, the grill gets crowded.If you do get a reservation it is kind of annoying, but they will not seat you until everyone is there so make you are prepared for that.
4	Union Grill serves one of the best burgers in Pittsburgh.  I ALWAYS get the "Chophouse."  You get to choose from a large selection of topping... for example I got swiss cheese and avocado (guacamole) yesterday.  It comes with your choice of sides... I got waffle fries.  SO delicious and I think very reasonably priced for the quality.
3	went here the other day for an early dinner. we had to wait until our WHOLE party was there as it was their policy. granted the place was only 10% filled, but i understand the reasons.. the server was super nice. he was attentive and let us have room to talk and i always appreciate that. he even was nice with my ordering questions. sadly my rainbow trout was dry... i mean DRY. even though its grilled, i've had fish that wasnt this dry. no one wanted a piece of my fish because they saw how dry it was. but why does union grill gets 3 stars? well thankfully my fellow dining companions got the scallop and gave me a piece.. it was perfectly done. i'm not sure how you get scallop right and fish wrong but o well. bad days do happen. we got the brownie dessert that was HUGE. it was yummy, but anything with chocolate and ice cream will be amazing. overall i enjoyed it. will this be my first choice in pittsburgh? maybe not but i wouldnt mind coming here again. **popcorn served at bar is super cute idea and loved the gesture over peanuts..
4	This place has great giant burgers, yummy, crispy criss cross fries, and one of the best butternut squash soups I've had.  Its the kind of place that you go to when you know you'll also be going to the gym later that day.  Even when I've gone and had the grilled salmon and veggies with fresh herbs over greens, I can't help but get the fries also because they're sooo good.  My husband always gets the fried fish tacos, which he really likes, and a pretty good side salad, which is an upcharge from the side of fries, potato, or sweet potato chips.
4	My first time in Pittsburgh, I decided to eat here after walking around CMU. The restaurant is a cozy place to sit down and enjoy your lunch. The margarita was decent but their Cuban sandwich was great! The portion was large. Definitely American style.  I'll definitely come here again!
2	I think this is a weekend problem, but the cook has an extremely heavy hand with salt -- on the Turkey burger, the fries etc. it ruins very good food
3	I walk by here on the way to work, and spied some amazing looking humus, waffle fries, and burgers sitting on tables on the patio more than once, so I decided to take my mom and sister when they visited.  Stupidly, I ordered a salad, which was only "fine."  So think of this review as actually more like ***?, with extra stars potentially reserved for when I go back and order the dishes that looked good enough to lure me in there to begin with.
2	Maybe I have been ordering the wrong menu items, but the only thing I have tried that was really good was the baked brie.  They also serve decent desserts. I have never tried it, but  the Turkey Devonshire was featured on the Food Network.  The Buffalo Chicken sandwich was really messy, and not very good. During another visit,  I had some kind of other chicken sandwich that was completely smothered in bleu cheese.  The last time I went, I ordered a burger, cooked to medium.  It was very undercooked to the point of being practically raw.  As they were very busy, I didn't mention the problem to the waitress, who seemed friendly but overwhelmed.  The restaurant itself has a nice, neighborhood bar and grill vibe.  If I ever go back, I would probably just sit at the bar and get appetizers.
4	Sometimes I don't know how to feel about the Union Grill... it really varies on my experience, but overall the food is very good.They seem like they CONSTANTLY change the menu, but in general is very traditional "american" food.The service here is typically very poor and they almost seem annoyed when you ask for accommodations like large parties.  Don't even try to seat with less than everyone in your party, they won't let you.  Even if you have something like 9 of 10.  I despise going here with more than 1 other person.
3	The food was good but nothing to blow your mind.  The portions were huge, all of us ended up getting a doggy bag (and I'm a fatty so that's saying something).  I would check it out if you are in the neighborhood!  Prices ranged from $9-22, so you could eat for cheap if you wanted.
5	Probably the best place for all-American food.  I stuck with fish which was really good.  Never can go wrong with this place.  Next to CMU and just a couple of blocks from Pitt.  Grilled salmon was done perfect and also had the rib-eye steak with was good as well.  Good mashed potatoes and green beans too.  Take your friends out and never get disappointed.  Plenty of specials during the week to take advantage of.
4	So i came here A LOT when i was in college cuz it was so close. The burgers/fries are pretty good - as well as the fish tacos, especially coming in from the cold. i usually got either a regular cheeseburger/turkey burger or the fish tacos and the portions were large enough for lunch the next day. Waffle fries here are a guilty pleasure.They also have salads with the fries here=p
3	There are plenty of places to drink in Oakland, but it can be tricky to find somewhere with alcohol and food AND where you can have conversations with people without shouting.  Union Grill fits the bill pretty well, and has a cozy atmosphere to boot.The hummus plate is a pretty good appetizer to share.  While the hummus isn't out-of-this-world good, it's decent.  Bonus points for warm pita triangles and the feta, olives, tomato and red onion also on the plate.  The pan-fried pierogies, served with plenty of sour cream and caramelized onion, isn't too shabby either.  (Though the appetizer is a bit on the small side--just 3 pierogies).  Waffle fries also make for good sharing.  The chocolate silk pie is a solid choice as a dessert.I ordered the spiked apple cider drink special, and was surprised when it was a cold drink as opposed to a warm one.  It was delicious, however, and a good balance of apple cider and alcohol.  Waters and fountain sodas come in huge glasses here, and the beer selection looked decent.Overall, this isn't a bad choice if you're in Oakland and not in the mood for a noisy bar.
4	I have found that Union Grill Makes one of the best burgers in Pittsburgh.Its pretty much the only thing I get when I go there.  The burgers are massive meat heavy objects that come with whatever toppings you want.  I get feta, cheddar, and bacon on mine.  cooked medium.  They usually cook the meat to the perfect temperature.  Not too overdone (I ask for medium)  an dI almost always get waffle fries as a side.I have to say, its great.  I usually never finish all the food as the portions are huge.  Every seat in the house fills up for lunch, so if you dont mind a wait go then, otherwise the afternoon is the best time I have found.The other food I have had there was average.  I would stay away from their version of a California fish taco.  pretty lackluster.  the salads are huge and often have too much dressing.  otherwise the menu is good.And they usually have a handful of microbrews on draft to help wash down your food.  good service, good food, good place.
3	Decent prices for above average food. I highly recommend the fish tacos. Good place for a lunch in Oakland
4	Giant portions. Unless you're really hungry, or big, you should expect to take some home. Consistently good food, and their specials keep the menu interesting.The seafood I've had here has been just okay. I recommend the Five Hour Pot Roast, the Reuben, and the burgers.
5	Excellent establishment.  The prices are fairly low for the quantity and quality of what you get.I am also in love with their Happy Hour.  Half price drinks!!  Every day of the week!I've been here a few times, usually to unwind with some friends after a long week of classes (or for a homework break during Happy Hour...).  They also have the cheapest fish sandwich out of all the places I've been.  I've never been disappointed with anything I ordered here, be it the fish sandwich, their signature dish (I forget the name, but it had slices of turkey, ... you won't miss it on the menu), and their Pittsburgh salad.The ambiance is excellent.  Very comfortable and home-y.  Also, when the sidewalk seating is available, it is just top-notch.They also don't turn you down if you go at 11:50pm and want a few drinks.  In fact, they check up in 10 minutes to see if you want more.  Really nice staff.The only downside is the tap selection, but seriously, Happy Hour makes everything better.
4	Huge fish sandwiches, not as good as North Park Lounge, but still pretty good. Great waffle fries too! Happy hour is after 5, so hit it up for some after work drinks.
3	Went here on a working lunch and had the crab cake sandwich. In hindsight, I should've tried the fish sandwich, which they claim can't be eaten by one person alone. The food was fine, though, and it was relatively inexpensive. Decent lunch place.
4	Stopped by for lunch, short wait and prompt service.  Drink and food portions are more than generous.  The fish taco is excellent, as were the mini burgers. Definitely reccomended.
4	Union Grill was a 10 minute walk from where I lived and this place was a frequent stop for dinner on Sundays and Saturdays. They usually don't have a long wait if you don't have a reservation and the staff is really friendly and checks up on you frequently. I usually only got the Rich Boy sandwich. Ciabatta bread loaded with shrimp, celery and some other stuff. My friends and I would usually all order this because it tasted like Heaven. I have tried the crab cake sandwich which isn't too bad but it is not as good as the Rich Boy. I did start getting the crab cakes as an appetizer though. For the fries, make sure you get the waffle fries. They are absolutely delicious and complement the sandwiches completely. I have also tried the buffalo chicken salad with blue cheese dressing which is topped with waffle fries and that too is also terrific. However, If you want a good sandwich, get the Rich Boy. Best shrimp sandwich out there.
3	I met a friend here for lunch on a Thursday at noon.  Though there were plenty of tables when I first arrived, it started to fill up quickly - clearly a hoppin' lunch spot!  Since I had a few minutes to myself before my friend arrived, I looked over the menu and I was really impressed with what I'll call their "attitude" toward serving alcohol.  They are apparently famous for their $10 wine list, and it says on the menu that they believe people shouldn't have to pay a premium to enjoy wine with their food, so they serve wine/beer basically at cost.  And all drinks are half-off every single day from 6-9pm.  All that made me wish I was there for dinner so it would be appropriate to have a drink!Instead, alas, it was just lunch, so I stuck with water - served in a ginormous glass so nobody needed to refill me.  I ordered the tuna melt with swiss cheese and waffle fries.  The sandwich was pretty huge - I could only eat half of it before I was full.  I thought it was very tasty, and I know a tuna melt isn't always the most appetizing thing when done improperly, but I liked their spin on it.  The cheese was melted and yummy.  It was a bit awkward to eat, being so big, the filling had a hard time staying contained in the bread.  The fries were a nice accompaniment as well.It took us forever to signal to our waiter for the check, which is not normally a big deal, but at lunch on a weekday people usually want to get in and out within an hour, so perhaps he could have been a bit more attentive.I have the feeling that if I return for dinner to take advantage of the drink specials, and the food is still as good or better, I'll be adding a four-star review!
3	If you happen to be wandering the area around CMU and have a hankering for some traditional American fare, the Union Grill is a decent choice.One thing that you might like when you step inside is the warm interior with soft lights and dark, wood-paneled booths. When the lights go down, this place definitely kicks up in coziness points. It may not be the ideal place for a date, since it can get fairly crowded, but for going with friends it's alright.I had the 4-hour pot roast myself. It's a fairly heart combination of your choice of a side (I had the sweet potato, it was pretty good), steamed vegetables, and some thick slices of a tender, crumbly pot roast that definitely lives up to its name. Everything I had was a bit on the buttery and rich side (from the beef juices) so if you're looking to eat light, the pot roast may not be for you.All told, not a bad night at all. The only knock I'll give it right now is on price, which is a tad too expensive but not too much to be griping about. I'll probably go again in the future, because there are definitely other options on the menu that I'd like to explore (particularly their sandwiches).
3	I have dined at Union Grill twice, both times for dinner with coworkers.  I have found the service to be good and the food to be a good value (i.e. large tasty portions).On trip #1 I had the fish sandwich, which was certainly hearty.  2 large pieces of fish (cod? perch?) deep-fried on a bun with tartar sauce and waffle fries on the side.  The sandwich was filling and tasty, if a bit bland.On trip #2 I had a cup of the chicken and sausage gumbo (very good) and the Pittsburgh-style chicken salad with the house dressing (a garlic vinaigrette).  The salad was large, and the standouts were the sauteed mushrooms and onions, as well as the waffle fries (which I could probably eat for days).  The chicken was bland and a little bit dry.There are plenty of other items on the menu that I want to try (including the Turkey Devonshire) so I will surely return.  The location is super convenient to CMU and Pitt, and drink specials look promising (although I haven't actually tried the Union Grill for drinks).
3	Another stop on my Pittsburgh culinary adventure was the Union Grill.  It has a reputation for one of the best burgers in Pittsburgh, so I thought I would give it a try.As it was known for its burgers I decided to give the UG blue burger a try.  This was a burger with a healthy does of blue cheese on top.  They had several burgers to choose from including the artisanal UG burger that had different artisanal cheeses every day to try on your burger.  A  Gouda was the cheese available when I was there, but I still went for the blue cheese.The burger itself was actually some type of steak burger.  I am not sure what exactly the ratio they used for it, but it was a little lean for my liking.  The blue cheese they used was delicious and with the lettuce and onion it made for an overall nice burger.  They definitely could improve on the meat.For my side, I picked the waffle fries which got good reviews.  They were pretty good, but nothing spectacular.  They remind me of the waffle fries from Carl's Jr.  You don't get a lot of places that offer waffle fries, so I consider it a pretty good option.The service was good.  The atmosphere was nice.  Overall the place was a good stop that I would recommend, but for a place that is considered one of the best burgers in Pittsburgh the meat paddy needed to be a bit better.
4	I like Union Grill despite all the flies hanging out inside.  Their burgers pretty good, but they are HUGE.  I can never finish a whole burger, especially with the fries.  I got their mashed potatoes once, and it was really gross, but other than that, everything a-okay.
5	I had the "Artisinal Burger". It was one of the best burgers I've ever had, big, juicy, perfectly cooked.
2	The drinks are humongous (not a good thing), and the food is mediocre. I guess it's a slight step up from fast food, but for the price it isn't worth the trip.
1	Went for lunch, after reading good reviews.  I ordered a fish taco, which was supposed to be good according to what i had read on yelp and urban.  Our food came out, after about 30 min.  Apparently, when they say fried fish with avocado, they meant a whole fillet of oily, battered (not-crisp) fish with a whole avocado sliced into thick strips and crammed into a 12 inch tortilla shell on a bed of fries.  It was absolutely disgusting.  The price per the amount of food was absurd, which begged me to assume the quality of the ingredients must be low.  I'm talking about two to three meals worth of food.Best part of the meal though was after we finished eating we find ourselves unable to find our server.  We had seen her step outside a few minutes prior and we just assumed she had come back or would come back, so we wait. Ten. fifteen. twenty minutes.  Finally we just assumed we would never see her again and we went to the bar and asked the bartender to access our check.  We paid and left - never to return.
4	Honest. American. Food.That's what the door reads, and Union Grill stays true it's tagline. Despite Tessaro's claiming the best burger in Pittsburgh, Union Grill's Artisanal Cheeseburger is my favorite, especially when the cheese that month is Swiss Gruyere. The steakburger base handily trumps the crumbly patty at Tessaro's. While "the local" has toppings that sound good, I found it disappointing and have since ordered the Artisanal another half dozen times. On days when I didn't need any more beef, I've tried the fish sandwich and the fish taco, both which use a huge fish n' chips style fried filet overflowing whatever piece of carbs it happens to be between. They are a good value, but don't match the awesomeness of the Artisanal. Union Grill also has a rotating tap, reasonably priced, and if you ever see Anderson Valley Summer Solstice, it is a must drink.Once I even left my credit card here and they didn't mind me stopping by after they closed to pick it up. Nowadays, anytime I suggest a restaurant other than Union Grill to my Iranian friend, he has to ask, "but is it honest, American, food?" To which I reply, "havercrafte man pore mrmhi ast."
4	I love this place. I had an artisanal cheeseburger (yesterday's cheese was manchego) and it was beautiful. My burger came medium rare, just like I ordered it. It was juicy, tender, and perfect. I felt like I was eating a steak! I really don't like burgers, but this burger...I would go back anyday. One thing I had a problem with was the shoestring fries. Okay, like.. I feel like they took leftover parts of a potato and just tossed it in oil and called them fries. They are hard, tasteless, and oily. I ate 5-6, trying to salvage some taste...but utterly failed. However, the waffle fries are AMAZING!!!! I've never had waffle fries before and I have now declared them my favorite kind. My friend got the Pittsburgh salad. I tried some and decided that I would have a burger over the salad any day. However, the salad was decent, though it seemed like a burger without a bun, replaced with chicken, and with more added lettuce. It had everything else a burger had like sauteed mushrooms, grilled onions, cheddar cheese, chunky tomato, etc. I definitely recommend this place !
3	Good burgers and mac & cheese.
4	It's true. Their burgers are damn good. And I fell bait to the Artisinal Cheeseburger the first time - best decision ever. Second time, I had the Local, which was still good, but not as good as the Artisinal. Their burgers are definitely big, hearty ones with just the right amount of dressings. It's really all in the meat that makes it so good at Union Grill, cooked to perfection, juicy and super satisfying!The atmosphere is kinda dimlit but really cozy feeling. It's got a charm of an English pub sort of. I suppose it's one of the classier places on Craig Street, a place where college students would get their takeout fix at neighboring restaurants like Maximum Flavor, Little Asia, Orient Express, and Lulu's Noodles.  As a CMU student myself whose lab was on Craig Street, I can certainly attest that going to Union Grill for a beer and a meal was a treat. I never made it out to their wine night specials but it seems worth checking out.
1	Union Grill turned out to be, by far, one of the worst meals I've had in Pittsburgh so far.  Strangely, this place is frequented by many people, which I assume is attributed to its location along Craig St, next to CMU.  A large number of middle-aged diners also frequent the place.  From what I've heard from a friend who had been in Pittsburgh longer than I have, Union Grill has seen better days.  Their food used to be cheaper and more delicious.  I assume that the middle-aged clientele results from brand loyalty, and the college students obviously from its location and lack of other "gourmet" burger joints within walking distance from CMU.  My group ended up here via the suggestion of another college student who was hosting 3 mutual friends from CA, visiting for the weekend.This place prides itself for being one of the best values in the city of Pittsburgh.  Statements (I paraphrase) are littered all over the menu stating that "One can't get the quality of meat we use anywhere else for as low a price as we charge" for the burgers, and "noone has ever been able to finish our fish sandwich because it's so large".  And to top that, another printed sign as our centerpiece states (in a number of different font size and styles) "byob! no corkage fee!"  Although they do keep the place quite clean, i felt that the place had been worn past its time.  Environment typically doesn't affect my opinion of a place too much, however. The food itself was enough to render this place no more than 1 star to me.Our server was friendly, although she seemed to have more trouble being able to hear everyone's voices in my party when we came to ordering our food. Our food did not take long to come out considering how full the restaurant was.  I had ordered a fish sandwich with waffle fries, while the rest of my party ordered burgers, some with waffle fries, others with shoestring fries.  A couple of points:1. One should NEVER cut shoestring fries as thinly as they do. At that thickness, there's no way one can end up with successful fries after going through the fryer.  each of these ~1.5-2 inch fries were translucent from oil absorption, and all seemed to have a portion of skin, prompting me to wonder whether they just sliced up potato peelings to make these fries.  I've never seen something like this, and I hope I don't see it again.2. You definitely get your fair share of meat, based on observation and testimony by my friends.  I can't make fair judgement of the taste of the burger as a whole, but based on the smell and little taste of the meat, it lacked any type of seasoning.  My fish sandwich was the blandest thing that I had ever tasted.  When I ordered, they asked me, "Do you want any sauce with that?"  Little did I know how crucial that sauce was needed to bring ANY flavor to my sandwich.  It was as if the cook literally defrosted the fish, threw it in flavorless batter, and threw it in the fryer.  The fish certainly took up a large area on my plate, but lacked any thickness, causing the whole fried filet to have the consistency of a chip than any type of fish.  The enriched flour bun that the fish sat on tasted like weeks-old bread that had been heated quickly on the grill.  Once again, it lacked all flavor.  1/4 way through my sandwich, I was starting to feel sick from the blandness.  I threw on some ketchup to save the sandwich.  1/3 way through, I had to take one side of the bun off and eat the fish sandwich open-faced.  1/2 way through, the amount of batter on the fish and the size of the overwhelmingly huge, stale, and dry bun was too much, and I decided to eat the rest of the sandwich with half the half-bun i had left, and took off half the batter on the fish.  Having finally barely downed the sandwich, I was starting to dry heave but kept my composure, as I was dining with guests in town.3. Even the waffle fries were not completely crispy on the outside, and almost tasted as if they were left out for a bit before being served.  Because they were better than the shoestring fries, I exchanged these with my friend who had regrettably ordered the shoestring fries.This place caters to those who value quantity over quality, and those who order food to accompany alcohol.  I'll be sticking to my other burger joints and fish sandwich joints in Pittsburgh.
3	Union Grill caters to the local university crowd offering delicious burgers and beer.While the burgers are good, I can not really say the moment of consumption will forever linger in my memory.The service is quick and attentive.Was not a challenge to get my group of 8 seated around 7pm.Overall, I would go there again when in the area.
4	Food was great. Their Burgers esp. so bigggggg and good!!
5	Pretty awesome place very near CMU.Amazing Waffle Fries, plus they have a good selection of vegetarian stuff as well.. pastas, burgers, etc.Really good ambiance, a lot of non-student patrons unlike everything else in the area.They are supposed to have a pretty good bar as well, which I haven't gotten around trying yet.Relatively classy place for casual dining .. 5 stars.
3	Mediocre food. The quality is inconsistent. Beer is OK. Burgers, you'll have to ask someone else.I usually try to get grilled fish when I (have to?) go there. The salmon pita platter is sometimes OK, but the last time I had it, the salmon had little taste. The grapefruit juice was stale.The interior is nice. Outdoor seating is available. If only the owners improved the quality of their food and exercised care... this could be a good place.
4	If you can actually get a seat, the Union Grill is quite the place.We've been coming here for years, and although the menu is large and updated with specials, I always come back to the same thing: Pittsburgh chicken salad.  It's a huge salad, with little piles of veggies all over it: cucumbers, tomatoes, mushrooms.  It comes with grilled chicken, crispy, seasoned waffle fries and a hearty but soft breadstick.The menu recommends the house garlic vinaigrette, but I really prefer this salad with the honey mustard dressing.  Honey mustard and waffle fries were just meant to be together.My husband got the steakburger this time around, which was also quite good.  You can get this bunless or bun-ed, but make sure to order it with the cheese.  It's a creamy blend that makes all the difference in flavor.We also got the hummus plate at our latest visit.  It, like the salad, has veggie piles, of red peppers, tomatoes, cucumbers, and onions, as well as a big heap of feta cheese.  The hummus and pita were awesome, but we ran out of pita early on and still had massive amounts of dippy stuff left.  The staff was super accommodating though, and I would presume we could have gotten a refill on pita if we'd asked.They are currently promoting their $10 wine list - yes, that's $10 for a BOTTLE of wine, not just a glass - but we didn't get to check it out, as we went in for lunch.  They have a nice happy hour special in the evenings (I believe it's after 6, although I'm not 100% sure, and they don't have a website to verify).  Their drinks are quite good, especially their rocks margaritas.  I think this is one of the reasons it gets so packed.Oh, one other small note that I love: they have those gigantic glasses for your water or pop, like the kind Pizza Hut always had in the 80s.  If you get a salty meal on a busy night, this will keep you stocked if your waiter is running around.The biggest issue here is getting a table.  On the weekends, it fills up really quickly.  It's right between Pitt and CMU, and it's a reasonably-priced, but nice restaurant where you can take your parents when they come to visit, so there will be lines and waits quite frequently.  But if you time it well, this is a great place to check out!
4	I love ethnic cuisine, but I don't usually get excited about American food.  It tends to be bland, boring and greasy.  The union grill is a notable exception.  It's food is all fresh, flavorful, and extremely reasonably priced for massive portions.  Also, the wine prices are the cheapest I've seen and you can BYOB without paying a corkage fee.  Whether you want gourmet burgers, sandwiches, pasta or salads, this is your best bet in Oakland.
3	I walked over here from the Carnegie because their cafe closed early or something.  Anyhow, I followed the advice on here.  I stayed away from the seafood everyone dislikes, and ordered the Artisanal cheeseburger and waffle fries.  The burger was very good; the waffle fries were waffle fries (please - no one has ever been to a Chik-Fil-A? Ore-Ida also makes a frozen version that should be available at your local supermarket).   It was expensive, $11.99 for the burger and fries.  The menu seemed to indicate that this had something to do with $10 bottles of wine.  So maybe if you drink wine the price is right?  All I know is their draft prices ($5) seem a tad on the high side too.
3	Low-key, laid back atmosphere. Beer was good and you certainly get your monies worth of food. I ordered the Mahi Mahi sandwich with sweet potato chips. I should have just eaten half of what was on my plate but I ate it all. I liked how the dressing was on the side but the bread was deliciously coated and toasted in butter. Mahi Mahi was cooked well, not greasy which was what I was expecting but didn't have much flavor without the dressing. Sweet potato chips were tasty with some ketchup.Two other people ordered  burgers and enjoyed but again the portions were large. Another person ordered the Union fish sandwich which I almost ordered but didn't , which I was glad for. Perhaps it did taste good but when it came out it was basically two large, very large, pieces of deep fried fish that were ballooned up put into one sandwich. Wish I had taken a picture of how funny looking it was. No complaints nor anything to rave about. Would eat here again if someone wanted to meet there but wouldn't come back here on my own.
3	I found myself at this fine establishment last night with my roommate. Since I was in a abnormally random mood, (I blame the nap prior) I decided to partake in a nice cold beer, salmon with hummus and brownie smothered in mint chocolate chip ice cream all at once. The very experience itself was fun and I have to say the staff was very supportive of my meal decision which was refreshing. The service was not the best but also not terribly slow. Price was right in the middle between cheap and expensive.The lighting was dim and reminded me of an old time hotel. The food itself was pretty good but not something to write home about assuming you still write letters which is pretty unique and I applaud you.
4	Probably - the best place to eat on Craig Street. I only started going here last year and was immediately hooked. The Kobe mini-burgers are my staple food there along with the shoestring fries. If I go with friends, we usually end up getting a bottle of wine from their $10 wine list. The service is generally good and the ambience is really pleasant. I usually see a lot of older Pittsburghers there. They have TV's there which is usually tuned to any game that is airing. It looks a lot more expensive from the outside than it actually is. Would definitely recommend it to anyone.
4	This great place does NOT take reservations!
3	After reading reviews saying that the burgers from Union Grille could dethrone Tessaro's as the best burger (and my personal favorite) in Pittsburgh I had to give it a try. I had the Local Burger which is topped with tomato chili jam, cheese, lettuce, and onion. I requested the burger to be cooked medium and it was a bit over cooked. This, however, in no way affected the juiciness or taste of the burger. Is it better than Tessaro's? No, but it certainly was good.My only beef about this restaurant is how in their menu they continually tell you how cheap everything is, and how good of a deal you are getting. (i.e. "Most places would charge $26 for a burger like this) I personally didn't think that a burger and a Budweiser for $16 plus tip is that jaw dropping of a great deal. Yes, the food is good and the service was friendly and I will definitely come back, but let me be the judge of how great of a value something is. I don't need to be forced into believing it.
4	I was recently in town attending a conference and I had the opportunity to eat at Union Grill.  I was impressed how lively the place was, more activity then what I would expect for a Tuesday night although that may have been influenced by the beginning of school.The food was excellent.My only complaint was with the waiter, up until it was time to pay he was very pleasant.  He assumed that we would either pooling our money to pay the bill or that one person would be picking up the tab, we informed him that we would need separate tabs and his mood changed dramatically.  Since our group was above the number in which the tip would be automatically added in had no risk in acting the way he did.
4	I've always liked the Union Grill and have been coming here since I moved to the city in 2003. It's traditional American fare and by no means will the menu blow you away with creativity or culinary ingenuity, but it does serve satisfying hearty meals at a reasonable price. I've went here with friends, I've went here with dates, I've been here by myself, so it's the kind of casual place that suits whatever you might be looking for. The menu changes occasionally depending on the time of the year, but I usually stick to the basics like the Reuben or the fish tacos. I've had the "famous" Turkey Devonshire which is good, but very heavy which makes it sort of overwhelming. If you don't feel like waiting for a table or are by yourself take a seat at the bar and order your food there. It's a nice little restaurant bar with a nice beer and liquor selection which also has some nice happy hour specials.
4	The ciabatta chicken sandwich was good, but slightly unexpectedly spicy (I probably just didn't read the description carefully enough).  It's worth noting that it has mushrooms, so if you don't like those you might want to ask for them to be removed.It's slightly pricy for a college town, but not overly so (~$10 for the chicken ciabatta sandwich).The mashed potatoes and gravy were decent, but nothing all that special.Overall, for a college town area, it's a rather good restaurant.
4	"It was a dark and stormy night...er...rainy afternoon..."This is the perfect spot when you're not sure what you're in the mood for.  With a little bit of everything it has some great specials and you can modify almost any item to your liking.  Union Grill was packed and embodied a "where everybody knows your name" vibe.  Other places we thought about going were on the empty side.  We ended up snagging bar seats, the usual MO for us anyway.  The wait staff was so attentive.  They all shared the bar tending responsibilities, so there was never a moment when no one was checking in on us.  You can tell this place runs like a well oiled machine.The clientele ranged from college students to men in suits.  Decor lends itself to this range of customers as its very homey/irish bar feeling.  Great place to grab a bite on your lunch break or sit down and chill for a couple hours with your favourite cronies...a la "How I Met Your Mother".Prices were certainly reasonable and they had an expected range of beer on tap as well as a full bar.  The ciabatta chicken sandwich and the  burger, whichever version or toppings you get on either, are fantastic. I wish I had a place like this in my college town back in the day.
4	A welcome departure from your typical Oakland eateries, the Union Grill is a quaint sit down restaurant with an admirable selection of food and libation. J is obsessed with their burgers, "they do medium rare just perfectly, every time" he says. But I wouldn't know anything about that, I'll stick to the Hummus Extravaganza which can be shared but I usually get it with as a meal or I'll opt for the 6 Grain Veggie Melt which is a roasted veg sammie on locally made 6 grain bread. Service has always been reliable and the prices are unbeatable.P.S. They no longer offer the "shoe string" potatoes, I'm sure a lot of people may be pleased to hear that.
3	With so many reviews for this place already, I'll stick to my typical list of pros and cons as an addendum to the important things other people have written. TO THE LIST!PROS!+Nice atmosphere - Dark wood, good lighting, bistro tables outside (weather permitting), and front of the building completely open when it is nice outside. This place has a good vibe, kind of masculine but somehow cozy.+BEER  - Decent beer selection, full bar, nice place to go after work and relax.+Portions - Expect a lot of food for your money. Even the soda cups are mega-sized.+Service - Friendly, professional, well groomed.Cons:-Rules - They have a rule that your whole party must be with you when you are seated. I've seen them enforce it, and let me tell you who is happy with that situation when it is all said and done: no one, because it is kind of a nasty rule. It also seems they have stopped enforcing this rule because it makes customers cranky.-For you vegetarians, there's little to eat: potato and cheese pierogies, salad, fried thingies. The waffle fries are good though...Good to know:It is great for lunch, but the turn around isn't quite quick enough if you are on a 30 min lunch break. The restaurant is a decent size, but a group of 8 is probably on the high side of what they can accommodate for one party.
4	I like this place A LOT.I went to CMU and didn't have a car, so especially during freshman/sophomore years when my friends also didn't have cars, this was the convenient place to go if you wanted to go somewhere decently nice.  But aside from the location, I really do like this restaurant.The food is largely portioned and mostly delicious.  No, not like delicate-beautiful-dish kind of delicious, but I've always walked away happy with my experience.I've had a small variety of dishes here, including a burger, a fish burger, and the Californian salad.  And since I've had my first Californian, I've stuck with it....and I am craving Union Grill as I type write this review.
4	Nice selection of items, good pricing and friendly atmosphere. We'll be back.
3	This is a solid Pittsburgh gastropub with a big menu, decent prices, and a good atmosphere.  The portion sizes are substantial, and the food is almost always pretty good or better.  It's a nice place to sit down for a meal or watch a game.There are several drawbacks:(1) They won't seat you until your entire party is present, which makes it not the best for a casual group outing to a bar if people will be coming and going.  I find this rule more suited to a nice restaurant than a bar.(2) I have never gotten them to cook a burger "medium rare" so I've stopped trying.  They overcook it every time.  Why this place appears on a few "best burger lists" is beyond me if they can't even get "medium rare" right.(3) Nothing's amazing.  There's no real specialties.  I can't think of anything here I can't get better somewhere else.  (Though the variety makes up for that if you're with a group.)(4) They close at 10 or 11 every night, even on weekends.  This is a little odd for a bar.  So if you and your buddies came here to watch an evening game, better hope it doesn't go into overtime or extra innings.All that said, I still like it as a convenient place for two indecisive people to grab lunch or dinner.
4	The Union Grill has a very nice atmosphere and good, hearty American food. Situated on one of the quieter streets of Oakland, the interior is all wood-paneled and gives off a very warm and comfortable vibe. I've been here twice for dinner and once for lunch, and I have to say that I was very impressed with the dinner. The first time I had their roast beef, which was excellent. The gravy was especially tasty. The second time I had a strip steak with a baked potato and a Caesar salad; the steak was big a juicy and cooked to a very good medium-rare. The salad a potato were also delicious. For dinner I really like the Union Grill because of it's atmosphere. It feels like a real restaurant/pub, not some hipster lair like so many other Oakland restaurants. There were no drunk college kids, mostly professionals it seemed. Both times I had had a very relaxing dinner. I forget on which nights, but they do offer $10 bottles of wine; you can't beat that!One small drawback; this place seems pretty popular, so when I went there for lunch I ended up being there a little longer than planned. This isn't the kind of place where you can order a burger, eat it, and be gone in 20 minutes. The food was still excellent; we had the jumbo wings (really good buffalo sauce), Caesar salads, and a few bowls of a delicious wedding soup. In short, the Union Grill is a good bet for lunch and dinner in Oakland. Don't come if you're on a schedule, though. Sit back, relax, and enjoy your meal.
4	The food was good, as was the service for dinner.  Not much of an ambiance to the place, but definitely a relaxed atmosphere.
3	I find the decor very odd and the menu limited. The infamous burger I was supposed to order (I forget the variety) disappointed me as it was very dry and overcooked. The oft-mentioned fries were also underwhelming.
3	The food here is solid bar food with big portions.  Turkey Devonshire is a Pittsburgh specialty, and the cheese sauce on it is heavenly.We had a nice lunch at the bar, the bartender couldn't have been nicer- but I had a major issue with the woman they have as hostess.  She is a younger brunette with a bob and serious lack of social skills and customer service.  She turned people away, had to pry it out of her that you could order food at the bar.  When I asked her if we could see menus as we sat at the bar ( she was 5 ft from me putting menus back into the stack of 50 behind her) she said only the bartender could give them to us.  ( They are the same exact menus FYI). What really put me over the edge is how she stared at this 85 year old woman with a walker who made he way off the street in 85 degree temperature.  I got up to open the door for the woman as the hostess stared blankly at her like what the hell do you want.  This poor lady is getting her walker stuck on the carpet about to trip and the hostess was flat out cold dismissive toward her.  It's really a shame because I love the restaurant, and this particular woman and het attitude do not fit in with the character of the restaurant as a whole.
3	Went dinner hunting after a matinee at the Pittsburgh Irish and Classical Theatre, and after a disappointing brunch that morning at Porch, we decided to venture toward Craig Street. Ali Baba was out, since we'd had Middle Eastern the day before, and the Indian places were all closed or under renovation.  So, after a long day, we just decided to plop them at Union Grille.Because of the early hour, it was reasonably quiet, and the cute little guy behind the bar seated us, and within a few moments our waitress came to the table for drink orders. My friend had experience with Union Grille and knew exactly what she wanted, so I took a few minutes to scan the menu.  There wasn't a whole lot jumping out at me, all being pretty basic American fare, so I opted just to give their burger a try. The menu listing had enough bells and whistles to make it seem like the most amazing thing since the first cow died, and being a total burger whore, why not.The food arrived in a reasonable amount of time, and Ilene had the five hour pot roast. It is a slow cooked pot roast with mashed potatoes and some kind of very red gravy, and a side of the veggie of the day, and this day brought fresh green beans.  The portion was enormous, and a healthy dose of it was taken home. Just be very careful how you hold it. It's juicy. It leaks. But it was thoroughly enjoyable, and enough for two meals.My burger was large. Before mine arrived, I saw a burger being delivered at the far end of the restaurant, and from across the room it looked ginormous, and it was pretty darned big up close as well.  And it wasn't all just a big fluffy bun. I also saw the beef from across the room.  The burger was cooked to order properly, nicely brown on the outside, and bloody pink on the inside...the kind than runs down your arm upon biting into it. The toppings were plentiful, and the bun wasn't too big or too small. Instead of the waffle fries, I ordered the mashed potatoes and mushroom gravy, and was a little disappointed. There was something just odd about the texture and flavor of the mashed potatoes, and the gravy seemed a little on the pre-fab side.  Even though the waitress insisted that the potatoes were so real that the guys in the kitchen hated making them, my tongue still got the feeling of chem spuds. That kind of consistently slightly grainy texture and not so potato taste that usually comes in styro with KFC printed on the side, but in this case came with a hint of garlic as a disguise. They may say 'real', but my tongue had serious doubts.The burger was good, but being that said burger whore, it didn't come close to Winghart's or Burgatory in actual flavor. It was large and filling, but it just filled a void instead of hitting a spot.The prices were the usual, not extremely overpriced, but not inexpensive.  The service was attentive, and the atmosphere was ok. As I've said in a few other reviews - seriously people - those TVs DO come with other channels than just sports and news!I wouldn't call this a go-out-of-my-way to eat there kind of spot, but if in the area, and all other choices are exhausted, it'll do without being absolutely disappointing.
5	Ah, Union Grill.  My favorite underrated restaurant around CMU.  You've been my go-to restaurant for whenever I feel this inexplicable gaping void that just needs to be satisfied.There are oh so many reasons to love you:1. $10 wine list!2. Burger, medium-rare, with Stilton blue cheese, grilled onions, tomato, lettuce, avocado, bacon, and waffle fries on a beautiful, hearty, golden bun.3. Good salads for when I feel guilty about my lack of vegetable intake4. Gigantic portionsI could go on and on...Alas, I have to admit that I haven't been the most faithful in our 4+ year relationship.  Yes, there's another restaurant I've been frequenting.  A younger one with, well, more sparkle.  But The Porch simply isn't the same.  Although it may have some new shiny dishes with more bells and whistles, I still feel so comfortable with you.  You'll always hold a special place in my stomach.
3	If it weren't for the fact that my Partner In Cuisine and I can walk to the Union Grill whenever we want, we'd probably never go there.  The food and service are pretty decent, but they aren't really anything you can't find anywhere else.  Between the two of us, we have pretty much tried everything on the menu and nothing really sticks out as being superlative (except maybe the waffle fries).  The old stand-bys are the fish sandwich, the French dip and the salmon salad.During the warm weather the Union Grill offers a lovely opportunity for al fresco dining on Craig Street.  Unfortunately, because of the lax smoking rules in Pittsburgh, there's always someone standing 5 feet from you smoking a cigarette.  Because of that, we sadly always have to eat inside. I do like if you order a soda, that you get it in a gigantic glass - this avoids the need for your server to keep running back and forth, refiling pop.  Their alcoholic drinks are somewhat more expensive than the other bars in Oakland, so between that and the fact the place closes so damn early (I think 10 during the Summer), the PIC and I rarely go there unless we are too hungry or lazy to think of anywhere else go.
5	The food and service here are amazing! I've never had a bad meal and I HIGHLY recommend the Burger or the Fish Sandwich with the waffle fries. For something a little healthier, get one of their salads (the California with Grilled Chicken is very tasty). They also make all their own dressings, the ranch and honey mustard are to die for. The $10 bottles of wine and reasonable draft prices are also another reason to come here.
5	We have been going here for the past three years and never had a bad thing!  The service is always great, and the food is amazing. You can't go wrong with the $10 bottle of wine menu.  All of their prices are reasonable, sometimes you have to wait but it is worth it!
5	Their burgers are quite good and ridiculously large. One thing's certain: you won't be going away hungry. Also be sure to check out the $10 wine list...you can't beat the price.Overall: Union Grill has good food, is reasonably priced, and is very close to CMU. It's definitely a bit pricier than the other offerings on Craig Street, but there's a reason why.
4	Very cool american bar off the main campus of Carnegie Mellon. I ordered the special of the day, the crab cake sandwich, and I really enjoyed it. It came with huge steak fries that definitely met all my carb needs. It also came with a good little corn/salsa that I topped on my sandwich. Nice staff and the food came out in good time. Happy all around.
5	I think I just had the single best burger I have ever eaten! Wow! Had the steakburger with blue cheese, blackened tomatoes, and avacado. The burger was gigantic and came with a huge portion of waffle fries. Washed it down with a Green Flash IPA, which turned out to be an excellent choice. Fortunately I had just returned from a long run, so was very hungry -- otherwise there would have been food to spare. The she-crap soup I ordered as well was superfluous, but also delicious. You can bet I'll be returning here next time I'm in Pittsburgh!
4	Awesome service..burger n French dip were Amazing!!.. 10 dollar wine bottles??...just go here!!cant wait to come back!
4	This is the place that my friends and I migrate to.  We always go back for more, the burgers are HUGE. This is not for the weak stomached. If you're expecting a sandwich consisting of 10% patty, then NO. No. It's 70% sustenance (beef). Didn't get anything vegetarian on this menu so I can't say anything about it :/ but for meat lovers it's amazing.
3	I've biked past Union Grill countless times as its $10 wine list sign blinks tauntingly but never stopped until recently.Besides the $10 wine list (yes, Union Grill has about 8+ different bottles of wine to choose from all for $10), Union Grill is known for its burgers. These half-pound burgers are made from dry-aged ribeye, sirloin, brisket and chuck, which are then ground into a burger. Burgers are accompanied by lettuce, tomato, onions, and a dill pickle and served with your choice of cole slaw, waffle fries, sweet potato chips, vegetable of the day, or rosted garlic mashed potatoes.Even though the Five-hour Pot Roast was so very tempting, I went with the Blue UG. It came topped with imported English Stilton Blue Cheese and the accouterments. I choose waffle fries as my side and also the Homemade Steakburger Sauce.While I waited I entertained myself with some of that $10 wine. Always a good choice in my book. The burger came out a smidge more done than I asked (medium) but the quality made up for that. The flavor of the beef was exceptional. You can tell no pink goo was used in crafting this behemoth. This thing was thick and juicy (the bun suffered a bit) and as a result I committed one of my cardinal sins: I cut the burger in half. Gasp. I quickly got over it. The blue cheese was mild and creamy as it melted and the steakburger sauce (tasted like a richer, and spicier A1 sauce) really pulled the whole thing together. The waffle fries were tasty but didn't seem like they were made on-site.It was throughly enjoyable and hit my burger craving spot oh so right.Union Grill's menu has classic American favorites like Turkey Devonshire and Tuna Melts, and the atmosphere is friendly, inviting, and reminds you a 1980's game room (in a good way). These reasons plus more are why it was jam-packed with diners at 9 p.m. and will continue to be so for a long time to come. I'll be back... for that pot roast. You can count on that.
3	Holy American sized meal! I mean, if you're looking for a hearty lunch, this is your jam!I was between a burger and the tuna melt. All the burgers looked really good, but I thought I'd go with something a little lighter. Um, lighter was not happening though, as I later found out! My plate came with a HUGE helping of tuna in between two slightly too small white pieces of bread and a massive mound of waffle fries. The tuna was okay, if not a little bland. There was cheese on the sandwich, I think, but I couldn't taste it with the mound of tuna that they plopped in between. The waffle fries were just the amount of crispy, but was so much that I barely made a dent on my plate.I my have had a little brewski during lunch. But it's the their fault! The beer list looked too good to pass up. I had to indulge! I also hear rumors of a $10 bottle of wine night. I'd be into that if I lived/worked around this part of town.So the moral of the story is, foods good but drinks rule here!
4	Nice homey atmosphere with great food and service.  This place also has a few specialty beers on tap, which rotate throughout the year. Entrees range from $10-$13. I recommend the steak burger or the Turkey Devonshire.  The Devonshire comes with no side, however it is a very filling open-face sandwich coated in an Alfredo-like cheese sauce. The waffle fries were very good too, which tasted like Arby's fries. I will definitely come here again.
4	The burger. Oh my god that burger. Did I ASK for a meat football delicately wrapped in a hearty dose of avocado and bacon? No, but that's what I got. For $13 out the door? Yes. Also, something I really like about this place is that the burger comes with three toppings free, no discrimination if you want avocado and bacon. Thanks for doing that.I wish the construction of the burger were a bit better (I have to hold it once I pick it up, lest if fall apart). I also wish the ambiance were a bit less sportsy, but that may just me me. Try this place out!
3	this place was pretty good! now, i went for lunch, so i don't know if the dinner menu is different, but if you're looking for gourmet twists on classic american lunch foods, this place is for you.entering the place, you might be a little thrown off.. it was super busy and there isn't much room, and it's pretty loud. kind of just looks like a nice diner. which is kind of what the place is, but the food speaks volumes.i ordered a crazy grilled cheese (you pick up to 4 toppings) and it was sooo good. i chose wheat bread, feta, provolone, roasted red peppers, and spinach. it came with a side of waffle fries as well and i couldn't even finish the whole thing, but of course i took the left overs back home!the servers were busy, but still pretty attentive and the prices weren't bad.
4	I really like the Union Grill and I have fond memories of the place! All the times that I went (both lunch and dinner), it was usually pretty crowded. The restaurant had a policy about not seating before the entire party gets there. I know some people didn't like that but it seemed reasonable since there wasn't a large waiting area. Because the restaurant was usually crowded, it also felt cramped sometimes, like I had to squeeze between chairs to get to my table. However, it's a great place to go try American food with a twist.The hummus and pierogies are both great appetizers. The burgers and melts are fabulous. The food all comes in large portions and are tasty and hearty. The drinks are great and reasonably priced, especially during happy hour! I wasn't a huge fan of their lemon drop or mojito, but that's a personal preference.
3	I tried the Famous Union Fish Sandwich today with sweet potato chips. The restaurant was full and it took forty five minutes for our food to be served. The waiter apologized and thanked us for our patience, but I will be hesitant to return at the same time.The sandwich itself was good. It included two fair portions of fish between grilled patties. I added the lettuce, onions, and tomato and enjoyed it. The fish came out very warm while the sweet potato fries were on the verge of being cold.The price was very fair considering the portion size. I would have been content with one serving of fish, but the fact that they served two will likely lead me back to the Union Grill for another chance despite how long it took us to be served our food.
5	This place is great.  Good beer selection and awesome food.  Not a place to go if you are on a diet or prefer smaller portions!  First time I went I had a burger which was one of the best burgers I've ever had and I really liked how there were a range of awesome toppings you can add for free, including bacon, avocado, mushrooms, brie, etc.  The second time I went I had their grilled cheese special which I hope they keep on the permanent menu since it was the best grilled cheese I ever had.  Similar to the burgers they give you many options to choose from at no extra charge.  I choose Brie, bacon, mushroom, and spinach and it was so delicious.  The Brie came out melted perfectly which is hard to do just right with Brie and the bacon was thick and crisp.  It comes with a variety of choices for side items and I chose the "field greens garnish" which was way more than a garnish, and was in fact a decent sized salad taking up half the plate!  When I had the burger the first time I chose the waffle fries which were crispy and delicious but waaaay too much food.  I also got a cup of the gumbo soup as an appetizer (in retrospect an appetizer definitely was not needed..) which was delicious and had a good spice to it, but as a native from New Orleans I can say it wasn't traditional gumbo (sauce was way too thin and it had tomatoes and corn in it which are not traditional in Cajun New Orleans style gumbo).  Maybe I'm a gumbo snob but considering that gumbo originated in New Orleans I kind of feel that if you are going to call it gumbo (vs chicken soup) you have to stick to some of the traditional key features of gumbo.  Also great cozy atmosphere.  I wish the lighting were a little better since sometimes I like to come at my lunch break and bring some articles to read.  In the warmer months they have outdoor seating which is really nice.  Service is usually good but it can get busy at times and then servers may be less attentive.
1	Hotel recommended this as the best place, owned by a local family. My vote is to go elsewhere.The food was okay. I had a California salad with salmon. My companions enjoyed the burger plate and hummus plate and onion soup.What really ruined the evening was the boorish table of men next to us. Very loud, Very out of control, Very threatening.  When asked to keep the conversation quieter, the middle aged man threatened to assault me, a woman in the company of women. If you want to be safe, choose another establishment.
3	I'm giving this place 3 stars STRICTLY for the happy hour.  $10 bottles of wine can't be beat (one of them I've bought at ABC for more than that.).We came here during the warm days of Pittsburgh to enjoy their outdoor seating and happy hour.  Don't come here for the food.  Don't come here for the service.  But if it's 5-7, you're in Oakland, it's sit outside weather, you're thirsty for wine, and 1 of the 3 tables outside are vacant, this is your place!!
4	Everything here is supersized from their drinks to their burgers, fish tacos, and "small" salads. Everything I have had there has been good. I really like the grilled cheese. You can get a ton of stuff on them with 3 different cheeses. Fish tacos are HUGE and have an awesome cilantro sauce. The "small" salads are like $5 and piled high on a 12 inch (i think) plate (more than enough food for me). I haven't tried any of the meat stuffs (veg here), but Mom says the french dip is amazing and I have heard good things about the burgers.They also have a $10 bottle of wine thing and pretty diverse selection of beers. I think they have brunch Sunday too.
5	Visited Pittsburgh recently, decided to go here for lunch based on the reviews here on Yelp. I definitely wasn't disappointed. I ordered a burger (med-rare) with provolone cheese, banana peppers, and onions, and it was perfectly cooked. It was nice and crisp and browned on the outside and the inside was exactly medium rare. They definitely use a unique blend of cuts here, because the burgers don't taste like regular burgers. They're on the steak-y side, which is really nice. Best burger I've had in awhile or maybe ever.My girlfriend got the grilled cheese special with spinach, provolone, mushrooms, and roasted red peppers. She enjoyed that and was quite satisfied. The service was excellent too.
5	Amazing as usual! We come here all the time and LOVE it! Try the pot roast, trout or basa! Prices are reasonable. Everything we have ever had is delicious but the best part of the Union Grill is the staff. The bartender Drew gives awesome recommendations of wine (from the unbelievable $10 wine list) The chief Mike is without a doubt one of the best in the city, our favorite though is the waiter Tom! Ask for Tom he is knowledgeable about the menu, friendly and makes the meal truly enjoyable. If you want a great night out come to the Union Grill! ( p.s. miss the dates on the side salad though, maybe they will make a come back?)
4	Always love their burgers even though I'm not a burger fan anywhere.this time I tried the grilled salmon, great texture.
4	Let me tell you, fish taco wrap. You will not be disappointed. And try the waffle fries with a side of their mustard (you can't miss it because it is mentioned on almost every page of the menu)! That mustard was amazing with the fries. I want to go back soon!
4	We just recently rediscovered this spot. Huge portions and good prices. We have found the service to be excellent and welcoming. In the last two months alone we have tried the awesome fish sandwich, the crab cakes (very good), a huge and satisfying avocado-topped burger, a solid reuben, several servings of addictive pierogie appetizers and  the french dip (the sauce is the phenomenal, which made up for the slight dryness of the meat that night).What kept us coming back? One thing. The penny-over-cost Belgian bottle selection!!! When we stumbled in here a few months back for dinner, I was already aware of their $10 bottle of wine special, but it wasn't something I had ever taken advantage of. Our rockstar server suggested we try one of their Belgian big bottle choices, which are priced at just a penny over cost for anyone purchasing a meal. We got the Ommegang Three Philosophers that night. Oh my Lord! So good. We like to bring our own fancy bottles of beer to BYOB shops, but this new perk at Union allowed us to drop in whenever, without a bottle, and sometimes end up paying less for a top-notch sipping beer than we would anywhere else. Wine specials are nice, but this big bottle special is the first I have ever heard of and seemed like a really food-progressive move given the increasing sophistication and popularity of craft beers in Pittsburgh (and everywhere for that matter).Sadly, we visited Union about two weeks ago and heard they cancelled this Belgian bottle special. Noooo! I hope they reconsider. I'm sure we'll pop in again regardless, but not with the same regularity. And once again, big bottles or not, quality food, good prices, great service.
3	The portions here are pretty large. Even the water glasses are super sized. I got the Ug Super-premium Steakburger, it's a pretty large burger, could barely fit it in my mouth. The patty was juicy, but it seemed to be a little lean. It didn't have much flavor. The waffle fries were pretty good too. Also got a bottle of wine from their $10 wine list, which was excellent.
4	a good place to go with friend when you are very hungry!
4	One of the best places to have a good meal near Carnegie Mellon. I highly recommend the crab cake burger.
1	Why can't I give 0 stars or better yet negative stars? Never, ever, ever again! Though the atmospheres is extreme old school and borderline depressing we used  to stop in frequently because the food was pretty good and the prices reasonable. Having not been there in a while we recently ventured to Oakland to revisit an old standby only to be extremely disappointed.The DH ordered a hamburger which was pretty good and generous in size. It's a good thing too because he ended up having to share with me because my crab cake sandwich was inedable. Two bites into it I knew something was wrong - extremely fishy tasting and obviously no where close to fresh. I don't mess around with seafood. Food poisoning is no fun! I pushed my barely touched sandwich away and there it sat for the remainder of our visit. Never an inquiry from our server if there was a problem or if I wanted something else. We won't be back. Why bother? Who wants to fight Oakland traffic and parking challenges to eat at a restaurant that hasn't updated their decor in 20 years only to walk away hungry or even worse with food poisoning?
4	what can i say?! They have waffle fries!
4	varied menu, very good, $10 bottles of wine great for groupsmiss the daily soup and certainly don't like matza ball soupalso miss the home made key lime pies and daily dessertsfish tacos should be grilled not friedwhy put bacon in the burger, the steak burger was great without bacon\
5	Union Grill has one of the best burgers I've ever eaten. The flavor of the meat and the cooking method - crispy on the outside, juciy on the inside - were flawless. I was really quite impressed, especially given how reasonably price everything was. My total bill came to less than $15. That is all.
4	Good beer selection, FANTASTIC fish and chips. I also enjoyed the pierogies. Looking forward to going back to check out the 10$ wine list, which is not something I've seen before. Can be tough to get a table, but thems the breaks.
3	Conspicuously, I crossed the threshold.  The varnish of the oaken door was peeling, worn away, the brassen latch-pull tarnished.  "A table for three," I said.  "The remainder of my party will be here directly."  The maitre'd condescended to fix upon me a stern look.  "I'm sorry, sir."  She said, her bangs bobbed in front of me.  "We cannot seat you until everyone who will be joining you is here.  Feel free to have a seat at the bar until they arrive."I glanced barward.  Smart suits and ties, polished oxfords.  Where was I?  I thought to myself.  What in God's name are these people on about? I sidled up akin a middle aged woman, her dried out blonde hair had given way to brunette roots, a sprinkle of grey visible from my proximity.  She sipped a cocktail of some kind, probably some kinda vodka.  I signaled to the barkeep, asked for a whiskey;  I had a gut ache from the night before and only the hair of the dog could combat it.  "Seven fifty", the barman said sliding a curled slip of white paper my direction.  I fingered around my changepurse, pulling out a handful of all I could find.  "This is robbery," I said as I tossed the money his way.The entryway bell jingled and I looked back hoping to see my companions.  No such luck.  An elderly couple dressed like they just come from a church service stood there, the woman's yellow scarf waving in the soft breeze.  I guessed my comrades weren't gonna make it.  Maybe they'd been caught?  Or worse.  I put the thought out of my head and my mind rested easy on the sack of loot on my back and the warm sixgun by my side. You know, a guy like me could add quite a few more greenbacks to today's haul in a place like this.  My hand fell to my side.
4	Good old American food. What more could I ask?Had the burger without cheese, others had the french dip and fish sandwich. Burger was very good, but not the best I'd had, or as good as they'd advertised. But the portion was huge and the burger and waffle fries were both very flavorful. I loved the french dip, which also was a giant portion, and both the roast and au jus were extremely tasty and satisfying.Service was a bit slow, but the place was full of people. Would certainly come back if I was in Pittsburgh.
5	They have some of the best burgers in Pittsburgh for a very affordable price!! The staff there is really nice and professional. The only down side is there are no reservations, and its typically a long wait to get a table and food, but you can't rush perfection, I guess
5	This place is great. Great food, great wine specials and great service. I've had the same waitress the last two times I've been here and she has been great both times. I highly recommend this place.
5	old steak burger was just ground steak and was great, new one has bacon in it which I don't want baconmiss the soup of the day and the steak burger dinner with 2 sides and the house made key lime pie and the pot roast
4	Good American fare. Favorites are the Fish taco, Fish Sandwich and Turkey Devonshire which was featured on Travel Channel a few years back. The fish in their fish sandwich is huge and very crispy. They also have the best waffle fries ever. Wonderfully crispy, freshly fried and seasoned. This place does get kind of crowded, but is definitely a must go especially if you go to CMU or Pitt.
5	I love the Union Grill.  Where do I even start?  I love the atmosphere and the location.  The vibe is always relaxed and the people who work there are always very friendly and provide excellent service.  I love the $10 bottle of wine list that they have and always get a bottle (or 2) with dinner.  How great is that?  The food is great and I especially love the Pittsburgh salad, the fish sandwich, and the burger.  Also the French onion soup is delicious and is making my mouth water thinking about it even as I write this now.  Well done, Union Grill -- you are one of Pittsburgh's treasures.
4	Kind of a midscale greasy spoon, with good service, large portions and great taste.  They don't have wings though, if you're looking for that.
5	Recently went to the Union Grill with my mom and daughter. I believe we had a Matt as a server- he was amazing. The food was great. The atmosphere is to die for. The decor is charming in a speakeasy kind of way. It's nice, but still comfortable. Menu is a little small for my liking, but it's worth it. They make some damned good food, and if that means a smaller selection to choose from, it's well worth it. You will NOT be dissappointed in the Union Grill.
5	I want to come back here!  A wide selection of beer and a really eclectic menu make for a great temptation.Service was great - especially at seating large tables, of which we were - and everyone was pretty friendly.  The decorations consist of board game posters, which is an A+ in my book.The food is pretty great.  I had some sort of grilled cheese where you can pick 3 items to put into it.  Bree, Roasted Red Peppers, and Feta - mmmmmm.  Perfect food to mix with a good beer and all the other attendant goodies - including WAFFLE FRIES.  Oh, it's been too long since I've had them and I'm happy we were able to reconnect.This place may be busy, but definitely give it a try.  Portions are good, a lot of people will find what they want on the menu (perhaps not vegan friendly, alas), and good beers all around.  And did I mention the board game posters?
4	I'll admit, despite all the times I've been here, my knowledge of the menu is somewhat limited. So I'll stick to what I know and give you my impressions.The pluses:  - The $10 wine list is fantastic. While there's not a ton on it, it's awesome to be able to get a good bottle of wine for a tenner.  - There are several appetizers that I would recommend; I've never had a bad experience with any of them. Personal favorite would be the hummus platter, but the wings are good, as are pierogies. And for the Lord's sake, get yourself some waffle fries with whatever you're eating. - The burgers are among the best in town (IMHO). There are others I prefer, but these guys know how nail the difference between rare and medium rare, and the flavors are terrific. Also, if you're carb-conscious, you can get what they call a "Steakburger dinner," where you get the burger and fixings without a bun, plus a salad and vegetables. Pretty durn good. - The salads are also delicious, though monstrously large. If you're eating salad to cut back on calories, probably don't bother here. But if you eat salad LIKE A BOSS, then go for this.The minuses: - It gets awfully crowded and can be difficult to get a seat at times. (Though, service never seems to suffer from this.) - It's on Craig Street, which means you might have to knife-fight some Carnegie Mellon students for a parking spot. - Not a huge fan of the decor. I don't mind dim, but this seems a little underlit. (In the restaurant; the bar is actually fine.)
4	The pierogies were delicious!!! Our server seemed very rushed which was understandable because it was so busy, but it would be nice to be treated as a guest and not just a customer.
5	Awesome restaurant!! Great comfort food. Plentiful portions.  You can bring your own wine with no corkage or buy a good bottle for $10 and take home what you do not drink.
4	I made my way to Union Grill for a turkey devonshire and pierogies. Two local foodie finds! This is a bar so it was very loud and it was a Friday night so it was also very busy.  I already knew what I wanted so I found a seat at the bar and ordered.  I didn't have to wait too terribly long for my food.  Longer than I'd like but there was a lot going on, especially because there was a free concert and homecoming or something a few blocks away. The food was great, especially for a bar.  The pierogi's were large, warm and well stuffed.  I wouldn't say the taste was anything out of the ordinary but they were hearty and delicious. This was my first turkey devonshire experience so I fell madly in love right then and there (I later found out that a Hot Brown in Louisville is the same thing, which I sampled at the Brown Hotel. The ingredients were top notch so it made the dish even better, but still, this was superb).  Turkey Devonshire is an open-face chicken or turkey sandwich invented in Pittsburgh in 1936 by Frank Blandi at his first restaurant, The Stratford. It's known as on of Pittsburghs greatest contributions to the culinary arts (named after nearby devonshire street) and was created in Oakland in 1934. The Union Grill's turkey devonshire is world famous, featured in numerous newspaper and magazine articles and on the travel channels Taste of America. The sandwich features oven-roasted turkey, bacon and sliced tomatoes on toast points topped with our famous cheese sauce. Yes, folks, it's a heart attack waiting to happen but if you've never had one or you just feel like indulging, this is it right here. Mmm mmm mmm.Just a heads up for an out-of-towner, parking is difficult to find.  It's a very busy area near a university and the street is lined with cute stores and restaurants. Lucky for me my rental was a Fiat! :)  Don't miss out on a turkey devonshire folks!
4	I like going here for a fairly priced sit down dinner if I happen to be in the Oakland area.  My two favorite dishes there are the fish tacos and the Pittsburgh chichen salad buffalo style.  The waffle fries that they use on there are amazing.
3	I've been here twice now. The food is great. Both times I've gone I got the build your own grilled cheese, loved it! The wait for our foodthe first time was a bit long, but it was a friday night and I was out with friends so it wasn't a huge concern. Until I noticed that the two tables that were seated after us were served way before us. The second night I was there was much slower, but still not perfect. Just a messed up order.  Other then that I liked it and I'd still go back!
4	Huge burger for me and it's really attractive price of the 10 dollars wine list. The environment is good.
2	I have been here last night for dinner. Everything was good except the hamburger. They served a "medium" burger with complete gray inside, which was definitely a well-done. When someone orders for a pink, a full of gray is unacceptable. Although the meat looked good, I don't think I will go here and let a cook screw up a nice peace of meat while cooking.
4	I wasn't sure about this place but the Turkey Devonshire was really good totally comfort food! Didn't know what to expect reading the description but it was so worth trying it, you have to give it a chance :)
4	I'm a big fan of the Union Grill. Me and my friends meet for lunch in Oakland once a week, we will try to make it to UG at least once a month. Everything I have tried is good. Today I had Mahi-Mahi fish taco and it was excellent. UG is known for their burgers, of which i have had several and have all been big and delicious. With their sandwiches they have a variety of sides which is nice. The mashed potatoes are my favorite but today I had a little side salad. Not to shabby. They usually have a nice beer selection which rotates, and in addition to beer there is a full bar and a cheap wine menu. Their soups and desserts are great. They dessert menu rotates so everything feels fresh and seasonal. This is a great place to meet someone for a business lunch if you are in Oakland, or if you are in college, this is a nice place to take your parents.
4	Love this place. Guacamole should be a condiment at every restaurant. This place really knows how to make a sandwich: whether it's their homemade turkey burger (on a homemade bun) or a chicken melt with a myriad of topping options. Cozy, warm, friendly. Casual dining in Pittsburgh at it's best. (They even have a smore dessert where you roast your own marshmallows!)
1	All I can say is that I will NEVER go back! The food was awful and the wait staff is sick of hearing how bad the food is they won't ask you how your food is, they already know , they don't mean to be rude they're just looking to pay their bills.
5	A favorite of my husband and I - always a solid stop in Oakland with comforting dishes, waffle fries to write home about and fantastic service!
3	This used to be the place for burgers in the city.   I has also been here forever.  We were seated promptly and our waitress came by a few minutes late r and look our orders.  The fancy nacho appetizer and two burgers. The appetizer arrived in minutes and was quite good.  The chips being freshly made along with the guacamole.  Not the best nachos ever but not bad.Both our entrees were very good.  We both got standard burgers and liked them a lot.Service was pretty attentive and I got two or three refills on my iced tea without asking.
2	The Atmosphere was pretty nice when we first stepped in. They accommodated to our party of ten in a reasonable time. Upon seating we ordered our drinks and a few bottles of $10 wine. The catch is that you have to order $10 of food in order to take advantage of the deal. Then the wait began. The food took what seemed like forever and a day, I was thinking about eating the slice of lemon in my water  to stave the hunger. However, when it finally came I was surprised at the portions of some of the meals. I ordered fish tacos and what came out did not resemble anything like a taco. It was a bunch of ingredients thrown onto a tortilla and that was it. I've had better attempts of fish tacos at Rubio's. This was a true testament that sometimes it's better to get quality then quantity. We had dessert of S'mores and that was probably their only saving grace. Although it's nothing more than your normal ingredients, but the fact that they served it there made the end a little more tolerable.
3	On a Thursday evening, around 7pm, this place was pretty packed. We had a group of 10 so the wait was about 30 or so minutes. Our server was able to accommodate us to a nice long table in the back. We decided to order 3 bottles of  wine at $10 each--a Riesling, Pinot Grigio, and a basic red wine. This is where I found out you needed to purchase a minimum of $10 worth of food for each person in order to take full advantage of the $10 deal, otherwise you would have to pay $17-$20 per bottle of wine. After we ordered our food, we received our wine within 10 minutes, which was great. However, it took approximately 35-40 minutes before any of us received our food. I understand that they wanted all of our food to arrive at the same time but it took a pretty long time, nonetheless. When the food arrived, the portions were huge. Despite my friends being satisfied with the rather large portion of their dishes, I didn't really hear anyone say that the food was amazing. I'd say my highlight of the evening was toasting the marshmallows to my s'mores. Also, I was around good conversation and good company. Overall, I'd have to say that the food was just okay, but nothing too memorable. And though our server was nice, the service was a bit slow, even after the crowd started to dissipitate towards closing time. This place is a solid 3 in my book.
4	Best french onion soup around. This is one of my old school Pittsburgh go-to spots. Large portions, enough for 2 meals
5	A delicious burger made of turkey...check.A swank looking place on the inside that is somewhat hidden from the outside...check.A staff all dressed alike that distinguishes them from the guests...check.All in all, I would say this place nailed it.  From the look of the inside to the friendliness of the staff.  Granted I did not dine in house, but I was able to scope out the place.Upon arriving after I placed my order I walked in and was greeted warmly by the hostess who informed me that my order would be ready at the bar.  It was so very tempting standing by the bar and not ordering a drink.  But being that I was at work and on my lunch, I could not imbibe.  From the looks of the drinks that nearby patrons had, I may have to come this way for a nightcap.  Once the bartender was finished making up the drink she was in the process of perfecting, she was onto me.  Swiftly she grabbed my bag, rang up my bill and swiped my card.  After that I was out the door.Once I was able to eye my food, I was not disappointed.  The turkey patty was enormous.  To say that it was flavorful would be an understatement.  The cooked it perfectly and somehow had this delicious crispiness surrounding the outside of the patty.  The bread was fresh, very fresh and slightly toasted.  I opted for their in house made mustard sauce and was that ever pleasing.  Creamy and with the best combination of spices made it compliment everything else that was on the patty.  No need to worry either if it will overpower the whole burger as everything melded together in my mouth.  That, my friends, is how you do a turkey burger.Along with the burger came a pickle spear and a side of waffle cut fries.  Both good, but not as amazing as the burger itself.  I will definitely be back to get another turkey burger from here, and hopefully this time I will be able to sit and enjoy the atmosphere on the inside as well.
3	I've had a decade (or more) long love and hate relationship with the Union Grill.  The "hate" part was always directed towards their "rules".  Rules like, 'your entire party must be here before you're seated', and 'if you share food their is a dollar up charge' ...etc., etc.  While I haven't been affected by these rules lately, and I'm not even sure if they still exist, I'll stick to the "love" part of my relationship with Union Grill.If you're in Oakland visiting the Carnegie Museums, or Pitt, CMU, or on business, this is a great place to have a long lunch.  If you're a local business person, the Union Grill is more of a place to go occasionally as a treat to yourself.  Unless you're accustomed to eating large lunches and dropping $15-$20 for lunch, than it's not somewhere you'd become a regular.I tried something new off the menu today, roasted beet sliders.  Probably not a go to choice for most, but I am a beet fan, and I also like mini sized sandwiches, so score for me!  The beets were topped with feta, red onions, and spinach and were pretty darn good.  I also had a cup of delicious onion soup.  This, along with an iced tea, came to $16.  That is why I don't make this my, I-forgot-to-pack-my-lunch-and-need-to-eat-out destination.
4	While I didn't go to CMU or Pitt, which share this beloved place as a go-to spot for good food and drink, I still frequent it when I'm in the city. The vibe is an old college town bar from the 70s or 80s. In fact, my mom, who went to Pitt, said it hasn't changed much over the years (and that's not a bad thing).There are two reasons I go here: 1. 10 dollar bottles of wine. Yes, you heard me. 10 DOLLARS. They are actually decent wines, too! The Sea Glass Pinot Noir is my favorite. 2. Fast and fresh food with quality ingredients. I usually get the NY Strip steak salad and I've never once gotten sick from food allergy cross contamination. The meat is always seasoned well and tender. You really can't go wrong with any of the sandwiches, salads or other bar fare. I admit I have not tried many entrees due to food allergies. The only reason they lost a star for me was because during my last visit, the waiter put a breadstick on top of my salad (I am allergic to it) and they had to make me a new one. Honest mistake, but I did warn him about my allergies prior to the meal. And anyway, it was more of an inconvenience for them than me! However, I didn't get sick, so life is good!
4	My dear friend Maria was supposed to head back to Columbia the Saturday before Easter. She ended up postponing her trip ('till June!!!!) so we decided to have a dinner to catch up & chat. She had been to Union Grill & we always planned on coming since we live 2 blocks away as a double date. A few times it was under construction and eventually finals and her packing to move created hectic schedules. Thankfully, we were finally able to make it.Our server was Ashley and she was a sweetie. Maria had a late lunch and only ordered the loaded nachos. I tried some and they were great. I ordered the chicken dinner special, which is only available after 5pm and until they run out. I couldn't decide if I wanted the herb crusted or BBQ. Ashley suggested the herb with a side of BBQ sauce to experience both. I'm glad that I had decided that because the chicken dinner is huge. I have no idea how I wouldn't successfully managed that chicken lathered in BBQ sauce. The veggie of the day was brussel sprouts and I also got to choose another side. I chose the baked sweet potato which came with a side of cinnamon butter. Baked potatoes are only available after 4pm. I really enjoyed my dinner.We were full & didn't get dessert, but the s'mores platter looked great! It comes with graham crackers, Hershey bar, marshmallows & your own little grill to roast the marshmallows! (FYI: you have to order food in order to get this certain dessert. You can't just go in for it specifically) Maria had it before and said it was her and 3 friends and they still couldn't finish it. I'll be sure to save room for it next time around! The other dessert option is a (brownie?) sundae. You don't have to order food to receive that.We decided to chat over a cup of coffee after dinner. Maria ordered hers black and I asked for cream. I waited a little while for the cream and finally the server came back for the bill. Maria brought up about the cream & Ashley brought out a fresh coffee and took it off my tab; A kind gesture and she was really nice about it. Our time here was fun. I'm excited to bring bobby here. He would really love this place.As if it hasn't been mentioned before, the $10 wine list had multiple options and seemed like a great deal.
5	$10 bottle of wine is a great idea, great placelook at what other places chargehttp://www.post-gazette.com/life/libations/2014/05/01/Tastings-Gouging-by-the-Glass-of-wine/stories/201405010130
4	I've eaten here a few times while in Pittsburgh for work and don't have any complaints. The food is excellent and the service is pretty good. I've had the Turkey Burger 2x and loved it. Beer selection is small. Overall a very nice place.
3	I had one of the burgers. It was cooked very close to perfection and was very juicy. It came with a side of a spicy mustard that was truly exceptional. It would be great on pretzels. The burger, while pleasing, was unexceptional. The waffle fries were nicely spiced with just the right texture (crunchy on the outside, soft on the inside). I was pleased with my meal, but certainly won't wake up tomorrow craving it again.
4	I really like the Union Grill for lunch.  The turkey burger is one of the best turkey burgers I've ever had.  It's a huge burger weighing in at a half pound.  The fish taco is good but it's really big and hard to pick up... still delish!  The pierogies are great.  My husband has really enjoyed the turkey devonshire,  trout almondine and the burgers.  I also like that they usually have a hard cider available.
3	The ten-dollar wine list is, in my mind, the main reason to come here. The food is otherwise okay, but a little on the high side for nothing that great.I only ever went here when my friends near CMU wanted to go, back before I'd made the vegan switch and was still vegetarian. At one point, they offered a Build-your-own veggie burger with a homemade patty that was outstanding! Unfortunately it didn't last, I think they replaced it with a similar deal for grilled cheeses now. I've asked about the veggie burger every time I've been back, in hopes that they will bring it back with enough requests.The hummus plate and Greek salads are also good, but if you're vegan, you'll want to hold the feta, and no breadstick. Those are pretty much your only good choices, although the grilled veggie sandwich might be an option without the provolone.
4	I really  wish I could give this place a 5/5 stars, but the service forced me to knock this down a star.  Our waiter seemed for whatever reason to really hate me and my briend. After being seated, our waiter seemed very brisk and uncaring. He didn't even bother to introduce himself (we later found out his name was Justin...only by eavesdropping on the old ladies next to us who were flirting with him!). After our very delicious meal (more on that to come!), he gave us our checks. My friend paid with a card, no problem. But I paid with cash. I knew with all the items we got, it would be at least $20 a person, so I laid down a 20 and began counting out some more cash to lay down. Justin came swooping in and snatched both our bills EVEN THOUGH I STILL HAD CASH IN HAND THAT I WAS ABOUT TO LAY DOWN. He returned to both of us and very brusquely told me what I already knew: that I needed to pay a little more. My bill was ~$23 so I put I accidentally put down $22 and he said with SO MUCH DAMN ATTITUDE, "This is $22. The bill says $23." LISTEN SIR. If you gave me even 1 second to put down an extra $2 dollars, we wouldn't be in this predicament! Taken aback, my friend and I were talking about his brisk attitude and came back and had the audacity to say "Do we have a problem?" YES. YES I DO HAVE A PROBLEM. The meal went swimmingly up until the last 3 minutes when we left pissed off.Onward to sunnier topics...THE FOOD!! I ordered the fish taco with sirracha sauce with red cabbage and corn salsa. Beyond the fact that the taco was literally the size of a small child (I'm kidding, but it actually was huge).  Let me tell you friends, IT WAS BANGIN!! So good. The cod was perfectly fried, flavorful, moist and just plain delicious. My friend, on the other hand, went with the classic cheeseburger. This burger had cheese on the top AND bottom. She typically doesn't finish meals all the way through but this burger was apparently so good she could finished it all! She also got a baked sweet potato on the side that included this incredible brown sugar cinnamon butter spread. SO TASTY!We also had to order off the $10 wine menu and got ourselves a bottle of Riesling because why not? I had never had Riesling before, but I'm glad I lost my Riesling-ginity  here because, man, was it good!  For dessert we ordered the s'mores and received a cute little grill to toast our marshmallows. It was basically like we were out in the woods camping, except not really at all. But totally worth the order! All in all, I highly recommend this place, minus the service. Maybe our pal Justin was having a rough day, who knows? Regardless, as paying customers whose combined bill was ~$50 not including tip, we deserved far better treatment.
3	Union Grill is one of the better options on S. Craig.  I've been here several times, the latest being a week ago.  On my most recent trip, I ordered the turkey Devonshire, based on the comments of other reviewers, and since I'm always keen to try local specialities.  Although it was filling, I found it a bit bland in flavor.  My dining companion ordered the "barbecue" chicken (read: roast chicken with barbecue sauce) with waffle fries, both of which were good.  During past visits, I've ordered the church pierogies, which are a good specimen of the dish for PGH (I've heard that they get them from a local church, though I can't vouch for it), and come with a generous helping of sour cream and caramelized onions on top.  Though I've never personally ordered from it, they have a $10 wine list, which my labmate tells me contains wines that sell for at least twice that at the upscale bars in PGH.  (I'll have to try it next time I return.)  Service is generally good, and I like the atmosphere.  (Try to get one of the outdoor tables if the weather's nice!)  3.5 stars.
4	Rolled into Pittsburgh for the Carnegie Mellon graduation, the hotel recommended this place for a nosh that was within walking distance of the hotel. A great selection of local beers on tap. AND PEROGIES! Traditional and pot roast. YUM! There's a menu item to scratch any itch. Portions are ample. What you see is what you get. This is a straight out drink and stuff-your-face kinda place.
4	Great location near Pitt. Relaxing atmosphere, older professor and professional crowd. Good beer selection.....and....smores at your table!!! Yes, I said smores. No I did not partake though patrons were. The perogies were GREAT!!!! The burgers are cooked to order and could feed two people. Portions are generous, service is adequate..staff is very nice. Easy street parking via meter. Very nice range on the menu and cheap wine for those who partake. Give it a shot, worth your dollar.
4	Union Grill has great food in huge portions! My fiance and I loved to have dates here. There is a list of bottles of wine you can get for $10, which is a great deal. I don't think we ever found one we didn't like off that menu. The turkey devonshire was ridiculously tasty if you can get mentally get past the amount of cheese you're putting into your body :) In the evenings, it's usually very crowded with a wait, and they don't take reservations (if I remember correctly). Service is usually pretty good!
2	Turkey Devonshire, a "celebrated" dish, was tough and dry.  Chef's response was that the turkey still back in the kitchen seemed OK.  Should have sent it back as waitress suggested.  Just didn't want to start eating after my husband finished.  His burger was good, though.  Wine bottles priced fairly, only $10 if you buy enough in food. Might give another try, but would order something else.
5	What a gem!  Had dinner with my daughter here tonight.  The place was packed but we were able to be seated right away.  Our waiter, Drew, was busy but made sure to greet us as soon as he could.  He was personable, warm and made eye contact.  I had the rainbow trout which was cooked perfectly and full of flavor.  My daughter had the Carolina BBQ sandwich and loved it too.  Even the house salad...a very simple basic salad was full of flavor with the balsamic vinaigrette dressing it came with.  We were too full for dessert even though we could only eat half our meals and didn't have starters.  The portions are huge, the price is low, the food is wonderful and the service is great?  We will be eat there again and recommend strongly for casual dining.
4	Ya know, sometimes things just kinda fall into place.Following more than 4 hours enjoying many of the treasures at the Carnegie Museums I was very hopeful of finding a local spot where I could rest my sore feet and enjoy a late lunch. Thankfully I made one right hand turn and ended up at the Union Grill.The place filled the bill for me. I sat at the bar and was immediately assisted by Laura who remained friendly and helpful throughout my meal. I opted for the BBQ-style sandwich w/ cole slaw and fresh fruit ( I'm afraid the good Dr. has advised me to reduce my intake of waffle fries...ugh.). The order arrived quickly and well presented, The bun, fruit and tasty pickle were all fresh. While the hefty sandwich was a bit difficult to eat without decorating my shirt, it was very tasty and hot. At about $18 including tip, my lunch was an excellent value.   Union Grill has a good selection of beer (I'm not a big $10/bottle wine guy), what appeared to be an efficient staff and a clean restroom. When combined with the tasty food and a location near the Carnegie Museums/Carnegie Mellon and Pitt, it's a place I'm recommending to any of my friends who might find themselves in the neighborhood. I hope you'll enjoy it as well.
3	Eh - all of my experiences here have been pretty average. It's not bad - but I've had better and the dinner wait is not worth it.The two times I've been here for dinner I've come in large groups - around 8-10 people. Because they don't take reservations, you have to wait around an hour to actually get a table. Then once you get a table and order, it takes at least another 30-40 minutes to get your food. I know service is generally longer for larger groups but this place is particularly slow.The first time I got the pot roast and the second time I got the six grain veggie. I thought the pot roast was good at first but then after the sauce ran out I realized it was actually quite dry. The veggie sandwich was good - but it didn't taste as good as the description sounded. My boyfriend got the steak burger and turkey Devonshire - the turkey entree was okay, and the burger was pretty good. I've also gotten the French onion soup as a starter which I liked.I also did come once for lunch - this time only in a group of 2. While we were seated immediately, it still took awhile to get our food - not ideal for lunch. I got the turkey burger with sweet potato fries. The turkey burger was good, the sweet potato fries - eh I've had better. The one good thing I will say is that the portions here are pretty big - you will probably take home some leftovers! Some of the food at this place is good - but I don't think it's worth all the waiting. If you're in a large group, go somewhere else.
4	This is a fun staple in Pittsburgh where the locals and university students alike come to dine. $10 bottles of wine is an attraction as is the fried fish sandwiches. They have delicious fish sandwiches!
3	My girlfriend and I have eaten at this restaurant for years now and we've generally enjoyed most of our time spent here.The food is your typical American fare that you could find anywhere else in the US with a touch of Pittsburgh influence (Pittsburgh style salads and pierogies).  We normally go for the chicken sandwiches or the cheeseburgers, which feature a variety of ingredients as well extremely tasty waffle fries.If you like mustard at all, I would definitely order some of their homemade mustard on the side since it is some of the best mustard I've ever had (coming from a mustard lover).I do have a few gripes however.  Some of the staff here are clearly miserable based on their permanent frowns no matter when we come, and on one occasion we overheard our waiter criticize another parties "poor tip" while he was talking to the busboy in the middle of the restaurant.  We have also experienced extremely slow or otherwise poor service a few times such as being ignored by our waitress for half an hour intervals.  As a side note, the menus here are written in an extremely talkative, personal tone which is very distracting because of how unprofessional it looks.
4	Nice place to take the kids while visiting them at Pitt. Good selection of sandwiches, salads and beers on tap. Reuben sandwich was lean and large. The Fish Taco made with chargrilled salmon was excellent. Big servings you can either share or take half home for later. Crowded during peak hours but not too long a wait for a table, maybe 10 minutes. Hummus appetizer platter was good but pitas had a bit of an off taste. And the Chiles Rellenos appetizer promised to be as good as any Mexican restaurant . It was not. Main courses definitely were better than the apps.
2	NO WINGS anymore. Went there 20 times before the renovation for the best wings I. Pittsburgh. Not anymore.Fish taco was tasty but one slab if fish on one taco. Not quite what I expected
4	This was probably my favorite place I ate while I was in Pittsburgh.  They had a very eclectic menu sampling foods from many different cultures.  All of the foods we ate at our table were delicious and the items on other tables looked appetizing.We had an order of cheese pierogi's (sorry for spelling).  These were ok.  A little bland, but I was informed that this is slightly normal for pierogi's, especially if you are used to other types of dumplings. We also ordered hummus.  This was fantastic.  It came with a generous serving of hummus as well as pita, olives, tomatoes, peppers, and other toppings to combine and eat with the hummus. Our third and last item was the Matzo ball soup.  Very delicious Matzo ball soup.  Extremely simple, but bursting with flavor.  This was hands down the best item we ordered.
5	Good burgers and fish tacos. The fish taco is 1 gigantic taco though, by the way. Still good.
5	Everything on the menu is great but I highly recommend the fish tacos. Amazing and inviting staff make this one of my favorite spots in Pittsburgh.
5	Our group of 20 rolled in for lunch after walking nearby to raise money for type 1 diabetes. We all had on our team t- shirts. The owner picked up our entire tab, which had to have been $300+. A classy gesture by a generous person, who we never got the chance to thank. Oh yeah, the food and service was great too. Highly recommend!
4	Fantastic food and huge portions. It's a great bang for your buck, and the $10 wine bottles are also a plus. This would be a 5-star review, except the service is extremely slow. Even picking up take-out is a challenge due to sluggish service and a lack of coordination between the kitchen and staff.
3	This place is okay!It's not awesome or a restaurant that I would travel from the suburbs into town for, but when I worked in Oakland it was a regular lunch spot.They do have very good fish tacos, and really good hamburgers.  They had me at waffle fry.  If you're in the area I recommend this place.  Your mind won't be blown but you will get a good meal.  They get really crowded bc of their perfect location on Craig street, so be warned service during lunch can lag.
4	Their salads are huge, there's no way you'll ever finish one. I always get the California chicken salad and can maybe get through half of it. They also give a nice thick slice of lemon if you ask for it with your water and I personally really appreciate that. Great veggie burger there as well.
4	I stopped here on a Sunday with a few friends. Its a good spot and there was no wait on a Sunday. There are a couple of TV's so its a decent place to watch a game. Good service, diverse menu and nice atmosphere. I liked a lot of the seasonable beers that they had available and the burger and fries were good. Good place for lunch or to watch the game.
5	I didn't know what a turkey devonshire was before I came here today, and now I am contemplating starting a religion around it.
3	I came on a Saturday evening and there was a good amount of people there and there was a wait for tables. Fortunately I found a seat at the bar. I ordered the salmon dinner with baked sweet potato and vegetable. The salmon was perfectly cooked and was pretty tasty. One half of the sweet potato was undercooked and while I thought about having it cooked more I just let it go. The cinnamon brown sugar flavored butter was divine. I suppose the reason for the 3 stars was because I felt the price was a little bit high for the fare. Don't get me wrong though 3 stars is still a good rating. I just feel that the food, although good, was not as good as I've had in other establishments in the same price range. I also felt that the meal sat in my stomach afterwards and I didn't even go out that night as I had originally planned. Again, not a horrible experience or anything, but wasn't overwhelmingly satisfying either.The establishment itself is nice but seemed to have a stuffy older crowd feel to it. Thus it really wasn't my kind of place as I either prefer a place either that is more ethnic or has a younger livelier crowd. I probably won't be returning not because the food and experience were bad, but just bland, and there seemed to be nothing else there that would really entice me to return. Again, not a bad experience though and I would recommend going at least once to see if you may like it.
4	Well, the bar's good. :-/Seriously, I haven't tried too many of their dishes but I like the atmosphere. Decent service that's courteous and moderately fast. A very lively place and a good variety of people. Not really a dive or anything, but not too stuff or formal either.
4	Good food and big portions! I usually get their burger, which is very filling. It has a nice, casual atmosphere.
4	I've been here for a Sunday lunch and a weekday lunch. Sunday was pretty crowded and kind of loud, weekday was calm.I have ordered the Fish Taco and the Turkey Devonshire- huge portions, worth the cost because you can get two meals out of it. Service was fine both times... but parking is tough, as is normal in Oakland. No parking lot.
3	Decent! I'd always heard about this place or passed by it on my way to Lulu's, so I was glad to have had the opportunity to eat here. It's old fashioned home cooking, and the portions are HUGE. Plus, it's BYOB, but if you didn't know that, you can purchase a bottle there for $10! That's right! $10! I had the bacon cheeseburger with fries, and although this wouldn't be in my top 5 for burger joints, it's pretty close. The service was good, and I'd go back for sure.
4	I have been to the Union Grill at least five times. I always enjoy the food and the service is good. It's definitely a hidden gem in Oakland.
