4	As a former Starbucks manager, I hold Starbucks stores to extemely high standards. I frequent SBUX a lot. By a lot, I mean more than the average Starbucks freak. With that said my input is based on what I know the founder of Starbucks wanted out of each store, and how close the store is to achieving that level of quality service. If any of the points below has an "N/A" next to it, that simply means I was not able to form an opinion based on our interactions.1-Below Standards2-Meets Standards3-Outperforms StandardsStore ReviewAvg Visits: Once/weekPartner Friendliness: 3 Partners smiles, cheery, helped customers around me with issues unrelated to business, initiated conversationPartner Appearance: 2 A couple baristas had a lot of facial growth (unkempt) but still looked professional)Partner Knowledge: 2 Knew how to make my drink.Store Appearance (decor): 3 very stylish, progressive appearanceStore Cleansliness: 2 chairs scattered througout store, some tables very worn. Store Comfort:1 The chairs are not comfortable at all. *Either 1 or 2 for this section. Its either right or wrong*Beverage Taste: 2 Iced Single Venty Hazelnut Breve Iced CoffeeBeverage Consistency: 2 Never had funny tasting drinksBeverage Temperature: 2 Always ice cold or steamy hot.Beverage Preparation (I watch): 2 No health hazards, shortcuts, etc.Beverage Mistakes: 2 Never had a wrong drink made. Will I return?: YESI personally don't care for Starbucks food and do not believe that is what Starbucks is about. Therefore I do not review their food offerings.
5	This is my morning place. A quick drive from my house and conveniently located on Tatum. The lines here move quickly, coffee is great, staff are friendly. What's not to love? It's what you'd expect from a Starbucks, but what few actually deliver.
4	-Consistant -Friendly staff.-Quickly helped customers in line.-Clean store.-Plenty of places to sit.
4	I wish I could just copy Susan's review, but that wouldn't be right.  So here's mine:Friendly employeesWi-FiComfy seating, inside and outGet my order right every timeReliable experience all-aroundAlways cleanNo drive-thru, but close easy parking
4	This is my local Starbucks around the corner  near my apartment. This location is very fast....has a friendly staff....and of course the half off Fraps from 3-5 pm are the best deal in town right now.  Eat, Drink, and be Merry my Friends!!!!
2	Dirty, generic, and loud. They have a few funky chairs in the corner, but they're awkward and uncomfortable. Other than that, it's a Starbucks.
1	Go to Dunkin Donuts!
5	Whenever I venture to this Starbucks I always find a ton of people just hanging out reading or playing on their computer. I, however, am always the one parking unevenly in the parking spaces in front and running in and out with my beverage of choice. There are plenty of chairs/tables inside and outside for you choosing...oh and they have misters for those hot months!The employees here are friendly and fast. This location must be doing something right cause there is always multiple people here which is nice to see.
1	Ok, it's a freaking Starbucks, what do you expect - well, I expect overpriced but consistent coffee and the barrista to NOT BE AN EVIL BI-OTCH. The least they can do when charging $4 for a cup of coffee is attempt to be friendly. I used to go to this one several times a week but NO MORE. I'm done. How many times can you stand at the counter and be totally ignored while the employees chat behind the pastry case? Almost always, apparently. Went there 2 weekends ago with my kids and ordered a sweetened iced coffee, like always. After getting an incredulous look from the woman behind the counter - an older woman wearing a headscarf, in case her manager is reading this  - like I was crazy or something, like no one had EvER asked for an iced coffee before, she asked me how I wanted it sweetened. I said, nicely, just the way you always do it, with syrup or whatever. She LITERALLY rolled her eyes at me and said, so like you want sugar, or vanilla syrup, or what? I said no, no flavor, just the syrup sweetener you guys normally use. She says, so do you want a vanilla latte then or what? and just stands there looking at me like I'm NUTS. So I said forget it, I'll sweeten it myself. After slamming my credit card down in front of me, like I'd personally insulted her mother or something, she hands me a sloppy lukewarm cup of coffee half full of melted ice. Nice!!!! If it had only happened once, no big deal. everyone has a bad day now and then - but it's a pattern with this Starbucks. Too bad.
2	Forewarning: I am not a Starbucks frequenter. Nor a coffee snob.I stopped at this Starbucks on Christmas Day. I realize that virtually no one wants to work on Christmas and it was nice that it was open! Ok, now that the positive stuff is out of the way...I don't fully understand the Starbucks jargon. So I struggled through ordering a medium blended vanilla coffee drink with skim milk & no whipped cream. The woman taking orders was extremely snobby and stuck up through the whole thing. I thought she was going to tell me to "get out" when I ordered a medium instead of a "grande". Whatever lady.I had 3 people in line in front of me and about 5 people behind me. It took, no lie, EIGHT minutes for my drink!!! For real?! The barista could not have been slower & offered no personality, conversation or pleasantness. The employees were just chatting amongst each other while, at this point 7 people are waiting for drinks & only the snail barista is poking along with the drinks while the other 2 watched.Also, man a few people behind me wanted coffee ground. Apparently, "Sir, there are TWELVE ways we ground our coffee. I'm gonna need you to be more specific". Again, in stuck up mode. Oh get over yourself lady.
3	I was here for a business meeting at about 8:30 at night. It was nice and quiet.
1	This is a bad Starbucks.In 15 years of drinking Starbucks in hundreds of locations in as many cities, I have not found a worse run Starbucks, consistently.My office is near, and I have resorted to going out of my way to get my Starbucks at a different location.  Unfreindly, inefficient, unqualified and just horribly managed.Amateur employees who play grab @ss with the others while they are serving you the wrong order, while the line is dozens deep is frustrating.  Dirty condiment stations ALWAYS and usually out of something until you tell them.  If it were one or two experiences, I would never write the bad review, but it is every time.  So frustrating.I have written Starbucks corporate several times, they have acknolwledged the problem but obviously done anything to fix it.  It is a shame and a black mark on a good corporation.
4	Nearest Starbucks by me, me and my boyfriend visit all the time. Its a great Starbucks to attend but depending on the Barista, some tend to pound those up-charges on your drink. I recommend it, its a great location!
4	This is just my first stop to this Starbucks, but I'm impressed with the versatility yet non-complicated design and execution of the way this Starbucks operates. While I find the entrance a little too tight (when you open the door you have 2, maybe 3 meters before the ordering counter), I find the overall horizontal design of the cafe compensates for this entrance flaw. More importantly, the variety of chairs, couches, and sofa chairs gives options to the patrons here, along with a moderate amount of power jacks for those running electronic devices that need a constant power draw.The baristas here are very friendly and will be chatty with you, providing valuable insight of the surrounding area, areas of interest depending on what you are looking for.The clientele here is varied, if you are a people person like me. I have seen elderly couples here already at 7 PM, but I also have seen students of various edges step in and out for a quick coffee, from the nearby dance studio next door.I've seen middle aged couples come in, along with people of my age group (23-29) pop in to just grab a cup of fancy Starbucks joe and sit down to study or read off a Kindle.All in all, I think this place definitely gets the job done, and the Google powered wifi here gives this place a major plus that most Starbucks do not have. (Seriously, AT&T wifi is crap, it can barely support ten users at a time, Google hotspots are FAR more powerful).I may or may not come here in the future. I think there are other Starbucks I want to venture to first. The baristas here mentioned that there are Starbucks in Tempe that open far later in the night and would offer the kind of people I would probably get along with. Who knows, I am still new to this strange and busy city! :)
4	This is a great Starbucks! Reliable and has good service!
5	I frequent this strip mall often. Every time I walk in, the baristas are friendly. I don't really drink coffee- many times I've gone in just to get iced water then sat at one of their tables to use their wifi. Which by the way, the signal is very strong and always worked when I was there. They've consistently served me with a smile and friendliness and have never asked me to leave. For my birthday, they happily serve me my free birthday drink. The other day I finally ordered something and was .40 cents short cause honestly the day before I cleaned out myself making a charity donation. Without blinking an eye and without asking for a reason, she covered me even though I most likely can qualify for "the regular customer that never orders anything."With the frequency that I've been there, I've seen regular customers who unlike me, actually buys something and their drinks just get made to their liking without being asked and ordered.  They walk in, receive their drinks with a smile, pay and walk out. I've seen the baristas chatting with the regular costumers like they are family.  Once, a customer started smoking at one of the outside tables and one of the baristas bravely told her Starbucks is strictly non smoking. I was doing the secret, silent fist pump over this one and wanted to go over and hug her!!!With all this, how can anyone write that this Starbucks location is not the best one ever????
1	I cannot wait until my son is done with pre-school next door to this Starbucks.  That is the only reason I step foot in this store.  The lady with the red glasses at the register is so incredibly cranky and the manager NEVER says a kind word to anyone.  My quite simple order is usually wrong and they must find it difficult.  They hand me the drink and say if its not right I can change it.  Well newsflash make it right the first time and with a smile on your face.  It just must not be a pleasant place to work!!!
