1	Slumlords.  That's the only word I have for these people.  We're stuck with them until October, but I highly doubt we'll renew.  This has been the absolute worst rental experience of my life, and I've only been here two months.Let's start with the application process.  The person at the front desk is the most rude and unprofessional person I've ever had the displeasure of working with in a customer service position.  For starters, giving me directions to the place, the directions are wrong, telling me to take exit 2B instead of 3B.  An honest mistake as she likely thought I was coming from the opposite direction, but when I informed her she got snippy and argumentative with me.  So I get the keys to go and look at the place and it was a mess (little did I know they hadn't cleaned it yet - I can respect that but I should have been told).  When I bring up my concerns, some black in the bathroom I wanted to be checked if it was mildew or mold, carpet stains, stuff like that, the front desk person told me, and I quote, "If it's such a problem for you, you should consider renting with someone else."  What?!?  She is argumentative and I have no idea how a person like that even has a position like that.  A trained monkey is more polite than her!We still ended up renting the place.  In retrospect, we sure should have seen the red flags.  When I put in my application, they came back and told me I had a felony theft on my record.  News to me!  The only time I was ever arrested was when I was a kid playing mailbox baseball 20 years ago and that was a misdemeanor!  Turns out, there was a guy with the same first and last name (a common combination by the way), and same birth day and month (9 months after Christmas anyone?).  However, the guy was a different race, 20 years older than me, and - the kicker - DEAD!  Not that it mattered when I told them this, they still would not reduce the extra $300 security deposit they required due to it.  They also claimed credit issues, but my last landlady was blown away when I mentioned that as my credit came back great for them.  Whatever, we go with it.  Then when I'm signing the lease, the incredibly rude lady is actually rushing me and saying under her breath, and I quote, "Come on, I want to go to lunch."  I'm sorry my financial future is infringing on your overly loud tummy rumblings.  Let me just skim this lease instead.  Sadly, time was an issue for the move, so I couldn't back out now and continued on.  I'm sure this will bite me later.  I request that the place be sprayed for bugs before move in and get new carpets and they agree.  Moving on.We move in, have all kinds of problems with utilities that we are still having because the place used to be one address and is now another.  Can't really blame that on Berryhill though.  What we can blame on them is the cockroaches we saw starting on day 2 and continuously from that point forward.  The place is infested.  It's wintertime now so they're not as active, but I'm going to have to pay out of my own pocket to have the place sprayed come springtime.  Remember when I said I requested the place be sprayed before move in?  Yeah, scratch that!Then we begin to have problems with the house.  First, the refridgerator starts leaking inside itself.  We contact Berryhill, and to their credit they get someone out there quickly.  His fix?  Put some wood under it to tilt it back so it'll drain better. I'm not kidding here.  Next on the docket?  We're getting a washer installed and the installer notes that the floor is soft in the area it's supposed to go.  We contact Berryhill and they come out and look at it.  The fix?  Put some wood under the washer machine!!!  I swear if the toilet was clogged I already know their answer.  Put some wood under it!  Broken window?  Put some wood over it!  Tree fell on the place and lightning is raining down into our living room like the wrath of God?  Put some wood over it!!And now the kicker.  We got our second electric bill.  I thought the first was pretty high, but since it got to us late due to the previously mentioned address problem and we were in a rush to pay it I didn't really look into it then.  This second one though is where I notice that we're supposedly using 1200 kwh/month.  Just me and my girlfriend.  With our gas heat.  The majority of the electricity being used coming from the refridgerator and our computers which I already used a meter on to see those together should be costing us under $10 per month.  I call in to request they get an electrician out there to check the wiring and I get little miss rudeface again.  She actually tried to sell me on the idea that the extra electricity was being caused by our thermostat.  When I pointed out that a thermostat that uses 600 kwh/month is extremely broken(since that's how much extra is on our bill from what we should be using), she argued with me and treated me like I'm an idiot.  Guess they couldn't fix that with a piece of wood!
1	First, I would like to state that I have never given an online review for anything. If I could have not rated a star at all I would have done so. We were lied to and deceived from the very beginning of the application process. After going through hoops to provide financial information for them we were informed that they had rented the property to another applicant. We are financially capable and responsible adults. What is most disturbing, is that we were personally told that they were NEVER going to lease the property to us. This is the most unprofessional and misleading company I have ever dealt with. I will encourage anyone I know of, who is searching for a rental property, to not have any dealings with this company. Ironically, just days after our dealings with Berryhill , we have found  a house that better suits our needs and are dealing with true professionals. That is the silver lining in this horrible experience.
1	TERRIBLE customer service.  Quite interesting that their motto is: "Our motto is the customer is our top priority and we place emphasis on the value of our name and reputation."  They provided the exact opposite to myself and others when looking to rent one of their rental homes.  They should be ashamed of their integrity - they lied to us and were extremely misleading.  I previously worked in property management, and would never, EVER treat customers the way they treated us.  I now work in real estate and will never recommend their company to anyone I know who is interested in renting.
1	Terrible experience -- consistently AWFUL from application through (eventual) deposit return. Rude, unhelpful staff who seek to gouge renters at every turn. They are not working on the owner's behalf or the tenant's behalf, they are completely out to line their own pockets. They drag their feet, not returning calls, giving incorrect information and generally trying to do as little work as possible.Ex: When a water pipe broke (2 different times!) and we had no water inside and a flood outside,and I called their after-hours emergency number, they told me to call the water department and hung up-- which was not the proper advice anyway. I ended up having to contact the landlord directly and he came and fixed the issue. They keep your deposit for 30 days after you move out. No reason given, just "it's in your contract."Thankfully, the house owner was cool and helpful and at times interceded with Berryhill on our behalf (which makes you wonder what he is paying for.)
3	My move out with Berryhill is final and I'm here to update this review.  Initially, I was going to blast them because I received a phonecall while at work from the owner yelling at me for this review.  It was pretty unprofessional and, coming from a landlord of a property I was renting, seemed borderline threatening.  It actually led to me speaking with my lawyers for advice on how I should proceed.  I took their advice, but ultimately decided to change my final review when, after other reviews begin showing up on here from other yelpers, I noticed a marked change in the attitude and professionalism of this company.The professionalism of this company was spot-on following this with a marked improvement in the politeness of all members, including the person I had the most issue with.  The move out process was a breeze and I received my entire security deposit back with no fuss whatsoever.  I especially want to throw a shout out to the property manager who has been the picture of politeness and professionalism even when everyone around her was not.If there's one thing I can appreciate it is people taking criticism to heart and improving and this company has done that.  So thumbs up!  I can't really give a 5-star review considering the negative issues I had originally, but they're showing huge improvement so I'm upping my initial review to 3 stars and encourage people to at least give them a shot, but keep your eyes open.
1	Company with staff that isn't concerned with the tenants or even potential tenants.  The company has pictures that do not represent the actual property and when asking if they will make the property habitable, they look dismayed that one would ask such a thing.  But I have to say thank you to the poor customer service skilled staff because I am much happier where I am currently than I would have been with Berryhill.
