5	Jeff Sparks is a completely amazing, profesisonal, guy. He came right after I called him, and he is totally on top of it. It was like $15 to get my door opened. He swung by, unlocked it, and chatted for a bit, and that was it! Easy as cake! I would definitely use him again, especially since theres no "after hours" charge. Senior, Student, and Military discounts as well. Schweet.
5	I have had Jeff Sparks (Sparks' Locksmith) ply his trade twice at my home. Both times he was prompt, efficient, knowledgeable, and fair. I will call him again when I need any type of lock work performed.
5	Best locksmith and prices in town!!! I never write reviews on Yelp but this company deserves it. Jeff is a true professional. I needed help keying my new home and mailbox. Jeff quickly did all 7 key holes and made them all match one key. He is very understanding w service call prices and key hole prices. I definitely recommended him! O and he has an Epic mustache for some flare! :) Thanks Jeff!
5	My brilliant dog locked herself in the bedroom - the only room whose hardware we didn't replace when we bought the house so we didn't have a key. I called at 6 on a weeknight and the room was open by 7, including new keys. I would definitely use Sparks again.
5	Jeff did an awesome job! He arrived promptly after I called and was super friendly and quick. It was the best deal I could find without any of those hidden fees. He's there to help, not screw you over. I am definitely going to recommend him to everyone I know. Thank you so much Jeff!!!!
5	Jeff is amazing with a very reasonable price. If you need a locksmith I gurantee you jeff wont let you down!!! Excellent service.
5	Wonderful service. Locked my boyfriend's key in his car and called this service, showed up in 10 minutes and the guy unlocked the door in 5 seconds. It made me feel pretty stupid but he was so kind and friendly! I definitely need to invest in these tools he uses. Haha
5	What can I say about Sparks' Locksmith that hasn't already been said? We just purchased a new home and were prepairing to change the locks on the home soon...well on Chrismas Eve we found someone looking around our home just enough to make us feel uncomfortable. We called Sparks and he was out within 20 minutes! Not only was he fast, he was friendly AND I was able to take advantage of the student discount that was offered! One of our doors also had a broken piece and he replaced it for us without any charge. He was absolutely amazing and we now feel much safer in our new home. I would highly recommend using Sparks' Locksmith to anyone and will use him again!
5	Sparks Locksmith did a great job unlocking and re-keying an interior door.  He was fast, accurate, and reasonably priced.  Will definitely call again.
5	I was locked out of my car and Sparks was quick, very nice and affordable. Definitely a better experience than I have had in the past. I highly recommend them!
5	The way we would hope all businesses to be like- upfront, honest, and reliable. Very happy with Sparks' and will keep this in mind for any future locksmith needs that arise. Thanks!
5	Called on a Sunday and had 2 doors unlocked within the half hour. Great service and excellent price. Knock on wood I won't lose my keys again, but if I do, I know who I will be calling!
5	What a great guy! Ease and affordable.  Mr. Sparks was kind and professional and not only fixed my front door lock he made sure all the external doors were working and locking. He had an apprentice with him who was young and attentive and I sincerely appreciate that fact that Mr. Sparks is teaching a young man a trade.  Nothing but professional and respectful! I put them in my phone under locksmith ~ you should do the same!
5	Best in the biz. Called three lock smith's before getting these guys. Just to come to my car to start unlocking the fee was average $50 + the fee to unlock my car which they said anywhere from $90 up. What a rip off!!!!! These guys came out within 20-30 min no questions asked $60 bucks and I was on my way hassle free. They even told me the final price over the phone. Other companies were arguing with me and would not tell me the final cost. Love these guys right here Mr.Sparks your the man!!!!!
5	The owner, Jeff, was extremely professional and friendly.  He responded to our emergency call for service at 10:30 PM on a Wednesday evening without requiring us to pay a nighttime upcharge.  He did a great job rekeying our entire house at an extremely reasonable price.  We highly recommend Sparks' Locksmith!!!
5	Not much to say.. Called and answered right away. Needed to get a new house re-keyed the next day and it was no problem.I was able to give him the number of locks over the phone to get a price quote. The price is very competitive. There is. $60 service fee so ask any questions while you have him out there.I will keep his number handy you never know when you need a lock smith!
5	Jeff Sparks is an easygoing, kind, and thoroughly professional gentleman. I was not only totally pleased with the work he did (rekeying seven locks including one I kinda messed up - tried to do it myself), but I was also HAPPY to have him in my home. He's available 24/7, he does cars, and his rates are on his website. Call him. He's good.
5	Called for a house service. He arrived quickly and made the experience as smooth as possible. Extra thanks for sharing some advice on improving the lock mechanism!
5	Locked my keys in my car when i stopped at the grocery store this evening before I had to go to work. Jeffrey came out within 10 mins and got me on my way, his daughter Courtney was awesome as well.I definitely recommend Sparks Locksmith and will call him again if and when I lock myself out (which is often).
5	Needed a business re-keyed asap. Showed up within an hour and a half and took care of us. Thank you so much. Will definitely tell people about you!
5	My Mesa AZ house keys were stolen, and I called Sparks. They came that same day and re-keyed all my locks. I was fit into an already busy day, which I very much appreciated. Their prices are very reasonable, and I will definitely recommend them, and will absolutely use them again!
5	I was sent this contact via my close friend who used this company to help her get into her car. I have used This company twice now in the past few years and he has always been on time, very polite, re-assuring that he will take care of the lock situation at hand. I have referred him on to my friends, family and neighbors because of his excellent work and quality job! Pricing is very reasonable too! I would highly recommend this company for all the reasons above. Thanks Jeff for your consistent service!
