4	Stopped by today looking for a quick bite to eat. The service was great, seems like a mom & pop shop and I love locally owned/operated businesses. Gentleman was very friendly. I'm not a big bread fan, but ordered on wheat and it was excellent, far better than other sub shops. Food was all really fresh and prices were very good. Only complaint, he was a little light on the toppings, could have been a bit thicker.Will definitely go again.
4	Locally owned sub shop that also sells bubble tea and coffee drinks!  We came here initially looking for Quiznos but found that Sub Zone is here instead.  The deli meat here and veggies are very fresh, and the owners take pride in using high quality ingredients.  I was hoping to get a Quizno's type sub with premium veggie ingredients such as guacamole and mushrooms, but veggies here are more of the standard type you'd see at Subway.  The bubble tea option is new here, but I know that the tapioca used here is fresh, not frozen.  The owners here are very friendly and want to make you the best meal.  I'll definitely come here again to try more subs.
5	The best mom and pop sub shop ever! The bread is so fresh and the quality of meat is awesome! Best of all is the pricing. You can get a 6" sub, chips and drink for only $4.99 oh and they have BOBA! Check this place out, I bet you will be glad you did!!!!!
5	Nice couple running a cool littleSub shop. Good prices. Good alternative to subway.
4	Went in today and there is a new name (Grinder's) and owner. The owner spoke with myself and another patron and was very interested in our opinions and if we were local. He seemed eager to please. I got the Italian Combo sub and it was pretty tasty. The owner said the menu will probably be changing a bit soon, but the only specific I got was that he was planning to go with an all Boar's Head offering. The place needs a little love, but he said he'd only been at it for 3 days and it happened rather suddenly, so they are trying to hit the ground running.
