5	First, I'm not a family member or direct friend of this dentist.  I've been going there for years and have been very happy so want to write a review.Dr Dominick (I call him Sam) is the owner and only dentist there.  The guy is solid.....he always gives me options to help keep the costs down but also pick the best option.I've had some back luck with dentists in the past.  But, I trust Sam with a sack full of money......he would not touch it.Bottom line:  this guy is a solid dentist, and honest person with great customer service and care.
5	After a bad experience with another dentist I found on Yelp, but still needing more work done, this one came highly recommended and I had to check him out. I had just been at the other dentist a few weeks before with an emergency situation but I found that dentist to be quite impersonal. I absolutely adored my old dentist before moving to AZ and wanted someone I, at least, liked and couldn't settle for someone I would dread seeing every 6 mos from now on. Finally, I have found the perfect dentist for me in the valley!Dr. Dominick's office is super clean, state of the art, his staff is very personable and I felt at ease as soon as I walked in. Before going into an exam room, I met with the dentist in an office to go over my expectations for the visit- not something I had ever experienced at a dentist's office before but made for a wonderful first impression. The hygenist was almost like an old friend by the time she finished taking all the extensive x-rays, and I noticed as she and the dentist worked together on my teeth they truly enjoyed working together and it felt like they probably always had fun while they worked- not a normal word I would use to describe a dental office! Dr. Dominick was very thorough with my teeth and told me everything he was doing as he worked, and also took time out for me to rest my jaw to make sure I was always comfortable. He was also very extensive explaining what I could expect later in the day when the novacaine wore off and with the sensitivity of the tooth he filled for the next day or two. I have to agree with Paul's review of this office- I would totally trust Dr. Dominick with a sack of cash- never did I feel like it was about what he could charge to repair my teeth, it was just about the care of my teeth and my level of comfort in his office. There was another lady at the office I didn't meet but I assume she normally does the scheduling, etc. She was at lunch when I left and I was impressed the dentist himself checked me out, scheduled my next appointment (no pressure if I didn't want to make one, but of course I did!) and even answered the phone while pulling up the calendar for me. He just came across as very down to earth. I took several business cards to pass out to my coworkers when I got back to my office. My boss now has an appointment coming up as a result... Oh-- I am forgetting one of the best parts of my whole experience!!!! While he was drilling my teeth, probably the most uncomfortable medical experience known to man, I got to watch "Who Wants to be a Millionaire" on an HD TV above the dentist's head!! I got to learn a tid bit of trivia and get my mind (sort of) off the sound of the drill! I love there is a TV to watch while I am just sitting in the chair and can't contribute to a conversation. Even though I would definitely go back if the TV's weren't there, and still recommend his office to others without it, I think it's a great feature for a dental office! I'll have to start scheduling my dental appointments around my favorite TV shows! :)
5	Sam treated me for a filling that fell out......it was somewhat an emergency, and my regular dentist is in Seattle.....he was polite, friendly, painless, and gave a great explanation.......when I retire and move down there permanently, he will be my regular dentist...I highly recommend him!!!
5	My husband I have been "dentist shopping" since we moved to Chandler and have been very unhappy!  I found Dr. Dominick on Yelp and we tried him out. We are very pleased to say that we have finally found a dentist that we trust and like. His office staff is great and very welcoming. Dr. Dominick explained everything he was doing and even did the cleaning himself!  We will definitely be referring people to him!
5	Our entire family goes to mosaic dental. We even take our 4 year old. He is great with kids!  We are very picky people when it comes to dental work. We have had bad luck in the past with other dentists. It is hard to find a dentist that is honest and helps keep costs down. This dentist does both. We have been going to mosaic for just over a year and think Dr. Sam is great. Very clean office too.
5	We love Sam.  He is funny and kind and makes you feel at ease. His office staff is just as friendly.   Highly Recommended
5	Based on the other ratings here on Yelp I tried Mosaic dentistry today for a cleaning and general dental health check and I wholeheartedly agree with the other reviews.  The office is modern and very clean which is always a good indicator.  The staff was friendly and knowledgeable and on time! I had Heather for a hygienist and she was super considerate of a sensitive area in my mouth that really makes me jump.  I liked the dentist (Dr. Sam Dominick) I found him to be knowledgeable and very personable.  Will definitely go back.
5	Dr. Dominick is hands down the best dentist in the valley.  My daughter started going to him after he opened up his office in the Chandler area and it was close to our home then the rest of us started going there as well.  He truly truly cares about all of his patients and is always looking out for their best interest.  Who really likes going to the Dentist anyway?  Dr. Dominick makes it so relaxing and comfortable I could honestly go and get my teeth cleaned monthly. So could the rest of the family.  I can''t see ever going anywhere else.  He TRULY is the best of the BEST and for that we will forever be grateful for.  You ROCK!
5	I recently changed dentists.     A very good move.    I have had two appointments with Sam Dominick III.    I am very impressed with his office staff and him as a dentist.    Such a friendly staff and everyone is very helpful.    I am generally not a real fan of dentists but I am very comfortable with Dr Sam and staff.    Highly recommend you check him out.       I do not believe you will be disappointed.     The other reviews are spot on.
5	I have NEVER had such a great experience with a dentist.  Dr. Dominick is fantastic!  And his team, they are great as well.  I had to move an appointment up two days due to an insurance issue and they worked with me and got me in to finish my work.  In addition, they were able to get my wife in on the same day, and she is a new patient.  My experience has been excellent and I would definitely recommend Mosaic!
5	I've been visiting Dr. Dominick for years, and hands-down he's the best dentist I've ever had the pleasure to work with.  Professional, kind, forth-coming... words just cannot do the man justice.  I'm about to move out of town, but will seriously consider flying back to the Valley when my 6 month cleanings come due.... he is that good.  Thank you Dr. Dominick!!!!!!!!
