3	Incredibly low prices for the food, and the food is average - which means this is a good deal.  No complaints, no bad tastes, just rather average.  Butter crust was somewhat buttery and the 3-cheese bread had nice herbs on it as well.  Exceeded expectations for the price.  Good review is primarily because of value, in case you haven't noticed.
1	The prices are good, if they actually make your order right.  We used to order from different hungry howies all the time, but we went to this one and they didnt make our order right.  We called to let them know and they basically said we were lying.  They made it seem like I was trying to get free food out of them.  When I'm used to ordering from them 1-2 times a week, I know what I want when ordering from them, but won't be ordering from them again!
5	Kids love this pizza.  They have a family night on Monday Night.  $5 Pizza cannot go wrong.
2	Like Randy Jackson used to say "it was kinda pitchy, dawg. It was just a'ight for me." There's no such thing as bad pizza, but there's a lot of mediocre and HH falls into that category.This is a bunch of pre-fab and frozen ingredients, hoisted onto pre-fab dough, to be baked and served up as a notch above bowling alley 'za. Luckily, it is priced accordingly.Cheap, fast, convenient, but not at all exceptional. However, if you have one of their frequently mailed out coupons, I don't think there's a better value when you need to feed 12 kids.
4	I just had Hungry Howie's for the first time in awhile and it was most excellent. I can't believe how good the pizza is for it being a value place. We loved it and got a kick out of the special herb crust. They have some great deals here, which I love. I'm definitely going to be ordering from here on a regular basis from now on.
5	Love it; more choices for crust flavors and good deals for pizza, drinks, and appetizers.
3	So, I've changed my tune a bit on HH. It's not frozen dough (I've seen them making the dough fresh) and it's not bad tasting at all. Try the garlic seasoned crust and with one of their frequent coupon mailers, it's hard to find better quality for the price. The staff are super-consistent and pleasant to deal with.
4	2 words... Flavored crust!
3	Pizza is really good. Especially with the sesame seed crust. But the bread is literally death. There is so much garlic on it you can't taste anything but that. Delivery is alittle on the waiting forever side.
3	For the price, Hungry Howie's is all right. I like the choice of crust flavors, and the coupon deals are reasonable. The Howie's bread is super salty, but otherwise it's the way I like it--crispy on the outside, soft on the inside. I ordered a pineapple pizza, and there wasn't much cheese. Otherwise, it tasted good. I would say this is a step above Little Cesar's.
5	Few pizza houses do deals as good as Hungry Howies does. It seems like every month there's new deals to be had; me and my roommates were fans of the 3 Large one-topping pies for $21 deal. Most, if not all, of their pizzas are good. Not to mention, they make some of the best Hawaiian pizza this side of the country. While the wings aren't the best there has been, they're good enough for any fan of the stuff. The howie bread, on the other hand, is great! It comes in regular, cheesy, cajun, or cinnamon. The cinnamon topping is the only one I'm not fond of, the others are all delicious. This is definitely a must-have for college students or roommates. Cheap tasty pizza doesn't come around often!I've had one or two friends complain about the greasiness of the pizza, so if you're particular about your pizzas (or a self-admitted pizza snob) you might not like it much. Personal favorite dishes:Pepperoni pizza w/ Buttercheese crustHawaiian Deluxe (AKA Howie Maui) w/ Garlic herb crustSausage w/ Cajun crust
4	I had a bit of a saga with HH recently. We placed an order for pickup, and they gave us a pickup window. I went to pick up the pizza, and it wasn't even close to ready. It took them an additional 15 minutes past the end of their window to get us our food. They were very apologetic and told us there would be a free pizza on our account next time we ordered there. These things happen, and they offered us a fair recompense, so I could live with that.Or rather, I could have, if they had actually given me the free pizza. The next time I called in with my account information, the person who took my order had no idea what I was talking about. That made me very unhappy, all things considered. After canceling that order, I wrote an angry note on their website and wrote off HH for good.The next day, I got a call from the store manager. She was very apologetic (a theme with them), and this time offered to place three free pizzas on my account. I figured what the hell- for three free pizzas, I'll try to order again sometime. The manager assured me the three pizzas were in their system, and told me to have the employees there call her if they couldn't figure it out. So, next time I wanted pizza (and had a bunch of friends over!) I called. This time, the free pizzas were actually there. Better late than never, and three free pizzas was a fair price for all the aggravation I went through.Long story short (I know, too late), I feel like they did a great job in retaining me as a customer. I prefer HH pizza to any other store near us (their asiago crust is SO good), so I'm just as happy that they managed to get everything sorted out in the end.
