3	Rather than going to a gun range and shooting automatic weapons in Nevada (since you can't do that in CA), we chose to take a daytime bachelor party activity to Combat Zone Paintball.  We thought this place was going to be on the Strip given it's on Las Vegas Blvd but it's actually about 15 minutes away.This was my first time ever paintballing.  I'm not really a gun/shooting/violent person so I never really get into these things very much, but I had a ton of fun and you do get a good adrenaline rush when you're on the field, crouched down in a bunker taking heavy paint and firing back.  I was happy that getting shot by a paintball travelling 200 mph didn't hurt too much even though I was left with some pretty decent welts.If you come here in a large group, I highly recommend playing capture the flag.  The staff was super nice, and friendly.  They seemed very grateful and excited that we chose to go there.The other amusement about this place is being exposed to the culture of paintball.  Some guys who were there were ridiculously obsessed with paintball.  We are talking full camo suits, decked out like rambo and wired with two-way radios.  I think it's safe to assume these guys paintball all day and play Call of Duty all night.  It might be surprising to some but these guys were all actually super nice and wanted to paintball with us until the sun went down.Last point.  Paintball can be pretty exhausting.  Real Talk.
4	Lil Man and I just got back from a birthday party @ Combat Zone Paintball. It is located on Las Vegas Blvd just south of the M Resort shortly passed the RV lot. The party started @ 12 pm (island time). I sat on the side to watch the kids go at it. My son had so much fun and it looked like so much fun, that we are planning on going back for a second round and plan on taking our cousins and some friends back there. It was my son's first time ever to paintball, yet he had so much fun that he did not want to leave. He likes military stuff and video games. I went paint balling a few years ago, but now I definitely want to go. It will be a great time for us to bond! I would definitely recommend this place for anyone to have fun.
4	I purchased a groupon prior to my trip - it was a fantastic deal, $30 for 500 paintballs, and all the necessary gear / admission fees paid.We rolled up on a saturday morning and it was a pretty busy spot, the owner was working the counter was super friendly and even attempted some Canadian humour when I told him I was from Vancouver - solid.This place had 4 different playing fields with a lot of variety which was pretty fantastic.     We basically played against a bunch of 12 year old kids and some adults and it was pretty competitive.  Overall, this was a very worthwhile experience.
5	I had my son's bday party here. He said it was the best birthday ever so I think that speaks for itself as it is extremely difficult to make a 17 yr old and all his friends happy. I defiantly won some brownie points here. The only bad thing is it gets kind of pricey ( well worth it though)Oh and I wish they had some sort of awning for the picnic areas. Other than that it's great! Super helpful staff and great 'fun'!Oh they also let u bring in your own food and ice chests if u want!! Obviously u can't bring in booze.
5	Great place for paintball!  They have 4 fields (1 was currently being renovated).  2 paintball and 1 giant speedball field.  Plenty of picnic tables and awnings which was appreciated in the early afternoon as it was starting to get hot.  The owner at the counter is extremely friendly and will try to accommodate you as best as possible.  Just beware that weekends it gets very busy to give them a call first to make sure they have rental equipment available.  Rental equipment was very clean and not smelly.  If you are a girl, they also give you the body armor, which is a very nice touch.  Keep an eye out for the $30 groupon deals, or if you are a local, it's $30 for half a day with all equipment, plus $15 for 500 balls.
4	Staff was really nice.  You can start a game whenever you want.  Courses were pretty good also.  Have to admit, it was the best paintball I've ever played.  12 Kills, only 1 Death.
4	This was my first time playing paintball. We came here to celebrate my fella and another friend's birthday. We all decided to come here because we saw the Groupon deal a few months back and our friends had been here before and raved about the experience. We arrived around 9am, thinking it would be best to come early to avoid the hottest part of the day. Service was friendly and informative. As a first-timer, I was quite nervous and they put all my fears at ease. Instructions were clear and they had us up and playing in no time. All the equipment was well-prepared and well-maintained as far as I could tell. Each of the courses were great fun.Obviously August isn't the best time of year for outdoor activities in Vegas, but we still had a great time and were able to avoid getting too overheated. We all left with a few bruises and muscle aches, but we all had a great time. I highly recommend this place for birthday parties or outings with friends.
4	We came here the other day to celebrate both my birthday and another friend of mine. One of our friends gifted the Groupon. It was pretty hot, but if you come early enough it isn't too bad and you can get quite a few rounds in before you feel like you're about to pass out. This is a good thing to do to help you realize just how out of shape you really are, but it was fun.
4	My son went for a b day party for his friend.  He was so happy and had such a great time. Staff was friendly and very helpful
3	Good place to go play and burn energy but they need to get speed ball open again. Referees have gotten really lazy lately not wanting to ref a game. On the plus side they were able to fix gun free of charge and cleaned it out. I would go Lots more often of they fixed up there fields and got some better bunkers. Really focus on the fields and there refs and this place will be 5 stars.
3	3.0 StarsLocation Overview:This location is in the middle of nowhere which is good so that it protects against any damages to on going pedestrians or cars, etc. It is an out-door paintball field. A place that is small with 3 fields (building their 4th) is actually not crowded. It is off the road of St Rose Pkwy by the M Resort. Be careful not to pass it, it is tucked away.Customer Service:So this is the main reason why I did not give Combat Zone 5.0 Stars. I have been here 5x and every time I have come in the younger staff has always been a little on the rude side. Their demeanor is just blehh and careless. There is an older gentlemen that owns the place who is absolutely about customer service and making sure things are good.*****However, after my last visit I feel that I may not be going back. As we were      leaving (in the parking lot) I heard a ringing noise and my boyfriend turned around and saw that my truck had been hit by 2 paintballs. I was not upset but I did walk back into the front store and told them what happened. Again like the careless kids that these employees are... the guy put his hands in the air and shrugged. he said "Well, i can't do much to help you". He couldn't come to look at my truck, give me paper towels, give me a big F U... nothing. So I left and that was the last time that I returned to Combat Zone. Customer Service Cont.:Referees are okay. They take their time getting to the field but they make sure for the most part that no one is cheating. Quantity/Quality:Quantity as far as fields is pretty good. It is a small place with three fields (4th being built). However, being that it is mostly hard rock and dirt its a little uncomfortable. Quality as far as equipment for some reason the paintball markers run out of air fairly quickly. I have had a couple of rentals jam up because of paintballs that have popped inside. It is good to get seasonal passes or Christmas tickets because they have awesome deals. For a full equipment, gear and paint expect to pay around $150. Quite pricey but if you have your own gear and equipment then you should only have to pay for in-house paint. Side Notes:Expect to pay around $150-$200 for equipment, gear, paint, and other necessities per PERSON.
4	First time playing, a group of us went and had a blast!  It was great for first time players.  Staff was helpful, rental equipment was good and the refs were eager to help out.  Only negative is their store had sold out of a lot of their product and being a first timer I was lacking gear.  It was painful...
5	Took my boyfriend and his friends for the first time for paintball and they all had a blast! This location had few different zones that was all fun! We would so go back!
5	Purchased Groupons for our large party. Although we had a slight scheduling issue, the management was more than accommodating at getting us into the experience.  I purchased these tickets for my wife's birthday. She is huge Zombie fan!  She wanted to do this sooo bad!  So we bought the tickets for the zombie experience.  The experience!  It was a lot of fun!  We all had a blast. The zombies were fun and the checkpoint and safe houses are very similar to Left 4 Dead.  Minus the health packs!  Personally, I want to thank the Staff and management for allowing us the opportunity to work through the problems and giving us an excellent experience. We will be back for sure!  You should go too!  It's a lot of fun!!!!
5	ZOMBIES!!!!! OMG this place is so freakin awesome! We went in last night with a group of 10 for the Zombie Apocalypse Experience. It was everything we wanted and more! It's $25 for locals, they give you all the gear and you have a "guide" with you and run and shoot your way through zombies from safe house to safe house. The zombies are super zombies that don't die so even if you shoot them, you better keep running because they will not stop coming after you lol. Our guides were really fun, never breaking character and actually pretty funny when explaining how to use the guns to us n00bs. They have a stray zombie that walks around inside and outside scaring the hell out of everyone. And after you're done killing zombies you're allowed to take pix with some awesome guns and the zombie girl. The guns aren't super high powered so you're not hurting them (I was pretty worried about friendly fire lol). My only complaint would be not enough zombies, there's like max 4 on the course between each safe house. Perfect for my first time though lol.Overall this place is fantastic, we will most definitely be back to kill more zombies.
4	Went for the Zombie shooting thing with my buds and I was really pumped for it. The workers do a really good job of making you feel like you're in a first person shooter which got me pumped. There are 4 sections and you get 15 round for each section. I suggest taking your time and really utilizing your 15 rounds for each section because me and my friends didn't and it went by really fast. The zombies won't come up to you and hurt you but they do keep up with your pace if you run fast they kinda run fast if you run slow they run slow. Over all it was really fun i did feel like there was a lack of zombies in each section which was a bit of a let down. But when I did find any zombies it was cool trying to shoot them all.
4	My kiddo was zombie bait and she loved every minute of it. It can be hard to find entertainment for teenagers. The zombie apocalypse experience does an awesome job. We bought a Groupon for 4 and went on a Friday night. The retail area has well priced T-shirt's and other paintball gear. They manage to keep waiting patrons entertained with zombies waking around outside. The course was short, less than 10 minutes. I would recommend finding a way for lengthen the end experience, even at a high her cost. After killing or being killed, I think erect is a photo area and staff enthusiastic about taking pics with visitors. Definitely not a bad time
3	About to put zombies down!  This was an easy task to do because it wasn't very challenging.  We'd expect one person from our group to be "bitten" or tagged.  We also expected our paintballs to splatter, but they didn't.  So the visual affect just wasn't there.  They were more like round pellets and you'd have to stand and watch to see if it actually did hit your target.  If they know that they are going up against adults, they should make it more difficult.  I expected the last zone to be filled with walkers and have you cornered.  But we practically just breezed right through it.  After you're done, you can take pictures with some of the walkers and be on your way.  Taxi ride from the strip to this location is about $40 each way.  Try to make an appointment with the taxi co. because we had to wait for about 30 min. after a cab was dispatched.  They do have shuttle service from their store that's off the strip, but they didn't have it available for the day/time that we were there.  Call ahead and ask for that if you can.  You'll save gas and money!  Also, their generators kept turning off so it was really dark and hot in the waiting area.  Safety hazard.  They have Groupon deals so if you're interested, visit Groupon and you'll be able to save some cash.  It came about $30 per person.
4	This place was cool. They have about 4 fields but one of them is for a zombie run.  First field I've been to in vegas so I couldn't compare it to the rest of the fields out in town but from the ones I've been to in California, this one isn't all that. The reason I say that is because 1. Reffing wasn't really important to them, you get guys going out to the field but not really doing their job; just hiding out using their cell phones. Staff was real cool  though and down to earth and 2. Would be that they weren't as strict on you like other places I've been to. At lots of other field I get yelled at for liftin up my mask or not having a cover on my barrel, at combat they really ask you nice which might be more comfortable for a lot of people. But overall, if you don't mind reffing your own game then this place has everything you need.
1	Terrible!  I'm glad that I didn't pay full price and bought the "Zombie Experience" off of Groupon because I would have been even more frustrated if I would have paid full price for 10 minutes worth of running. In my opinion STAY AWAY and just get on the treadmill for 10 minutes while playing arcade game it's much better and MUCH CHEAPER! Keep your money people and do something that's worth the time rather than running for 10 minutes and shooting a crappy gun.
4	Zombie paintball was a cool experience, but was it really worth the price? I'm not sure....i dont think it was...intense enough... make em run....thatll be scary :)
