1	We went to this T-Mobile location today to find out some information about our plan. We have never been to this location and figured it would be less crowded than the one at the Superstition Springs Mall. I was greeted by a woman named Melissa and she promptly looked up the account information so she could answer my questions. She informed me that we were eligible for an upgrade with a new 2 year contract and encouraged me to look around at the phones. Almost all the phones had a special price (Buy today for $105 and get a $100 mail in rebate). My husband and I looked around and informed her that Costco had better deals on phones. Her attitude totally changed and she began telling lies about what happens when you sign a contract through Costco. She told us that we would be signing a contract with Costco and T-Moblie which isn't true, you are only entering into a contract with T-Mobile. She continued to tell us more lies and told us that we shouldn't waste our time going there, they wouldn't be able to give us what we need. They wouldn't have better prices and they wouldn't be able to access our account. We understand that she is working on commission, but her tone and attitude were enough to make us say we would never go back to that location. I wouldn't recommend this location to anyone who is looking for assistance with T-Mobile after dealing with her.
5	Let me say that T Mobile customer service hotline personnel have been the cause of my screaming profanities many times over the years. No more! The best, most helpful T Mobile employee ever, Rudy Chavez, has arrived at this location! When I upgraded my phone recently he gave me his card and told me to contact him personally for any issues. Unfortunately I called customer care last night and after arguing with them for 30 minutes hung up with my issue unresolved. Aaagh! Today I contacted Rudy, he fixed the whole problem in 5 minutes and with a smile. Hooray! Good customer service can be so hard to come by these days.
5	After touring Washington, Oregon, California and now Arizona, we finally had great success with our communication needs when we met Christine. She is remarkably savvy with her product knowledge and showed a keen interest in helping us settle a dispute with a prior T-Mobile agent in California. We wish we had met her at the beginning of our trip. We hope her talent and knowledge is recognized and rewarded.M & L
