5	Awesome Pizza, pasta, wings, heros, salads, & cannolis
5	Looking at these 2 and 3 star reviews I am shocked.  This place hands down has the best pizza in town and if you eat in the service is to die for.  I am not familiar with the NYC style pizza aside from my knowledge that the pizza slices are huge, but man o man this was good stuff.  The ingredients are fresh and the service was second to none.  I also thought it was very reasonably priced.  For $25 me and my wife got a 16 inch pizza, a dozen hot wings, and garlic knots and did not finish it all by a long shot.  I thought the marinara was delicious and I love extra cheese on pizza.   To put this in context my wife HATES pizza, and will never go near the stuff.  She will however eat here.  That's how good it is.  Don't miss out.
3	Another stop on my Pizza Bender 2011 Edition Tour, I decided to check out Broadway Pizza.  Since I was dining by myself, I opted to order 2 Slices.  Cheese Slices are $1.95 each with $.40 ea for additional toppings.  I ordered 2 Sausage & Pepperoni slices.After a short wait, the Pizza came out.  The slices were huge....a little bigger than what I normally see around town.  The Pizza is NY Style thin crust.  After a few bites I was underwhelmed.  The Pizza was just OK.  I didn't really care for the Sausage and the Pepperoni didn't have much flavor.Overall, the Pizza didn't leave me wanting more.  They serve other items like Wings and Calzones....maybe I'll come back to try one of those.Return Factor - 40%
5	They have the best NY pizza! Everytime I come here they always have terrific service which seems hard to find these days. Would greatly recommend this place!
5	Just on the basis that this place has the most incredible cheese pizza on the planet, and I usually don't order plain cheese, I give them a 5. The rest of their menu has been hit and miss for me, but dagnabbit, this IS a pizza place and I cannot get enough of their cheese pizza. Did I mention the cheese pizza? A perfect blend of cheeses, with a wonderfully home made sauce that's so yummy. I don't make any special requests but the service is always friendly and excellent, so I'd be certain that if you ask for more or less sauce they would readily oblige.
4	We had a craving for pizza and wanted something fast.  My husband arrived early and had it ordered, once I got off work, I met him here and sat down to enjoy a really good antipasti salad.  We also got the broadway special with pepperoni, mushrooms, black olives, meatballs, green peppers and onions.  It's a really good pizza and definitely worth going back for!  The service is usually good, it's a really small place and today, the cook was the waiter, so we did get extra attention.
4	The crust is different. I don't care what anyone says, the crust is thicker than the crust at their Rancho location.I've been eating regularly at the Rancho location since they opened in 1996. And when I say regularly, I mean weekly. I'm sure I've ordered several hundred pies from this place, so I know what I'm talking about. The crust at the Sahara location is definitely a little thicker. But even if that is indeed the case, it's still the wonderful greasy New York pizza that I've come to love and crave. I highly recommend the cheese pizza. I am not  normally a cheese only kind of gal, but there's something special about their cheese blend - it's just so sweet and luscious.And their buttery warm garlic knots...mmmmmmmm!Chicken fingers and wings are available in plain, mild, medium or hot and their french fries are big and thick, no shoestring fries here.Tableside service and quick and friendly.
5	Great pizza but this location is now closed Have to go to Rancho and Charleston for the best pizza in town at their location in Smiths shopping center!
