4	Finally, a much needed alternative eatery in the growing Downtown area for a causal breakfast or lunch. The feel is refreshing, welcomed natural lighting, comfortable and conversational, similar to a walk up cafe you would find in larger cities. The menu fresh, distinct and elevated comfort food. Can't wait for a Sunday brunch there hopefully soon!
5	What a great place. Location was great and parking was a breeze. MTO is attached to the city parking garage so looking for a spot isn't a problem. Also, the parking is cheap ($3 for our 2+ hour visit). But let's talk about the real stuff here....the food...The menu isn't huge, but the variety is. While that might make you think the choices would be easy, they are not. EVERYTHING looked good. I ordered the bacon pancake dippers and my wife had the Skuna Bay salmon omelet. Both were out of this world. The omelets can all be ordered as wraps or skillets so the "not huge" menu will force you to make difficult choices (guess we will have to return). Oh, and the peppercorn syrup that came with the dippers was so unique that I wish they sold it so I could use it at home.We were there with other friends and their choices were all delicious as well. Here's a tip....if you are there in the morning and there is even the slightest chill in the air, sit at the rather large (14 person) community table with your back to the window and the sun beaming in on your back makes your comfort food meal that much more comfy. This will be my new brunch spot for sure.
4	It's refreshing to finally find an eatery that reminds me of home. MTO is conveniently located and it is easy for parking. I haven't been able to find a cafe that is warm, inviting, and perfectly priced. The food here was phenomenal, I particularly enjoyed the broccoli omelet along with the mashed potato hash browns....the fresh menu and selections were difficult to choose from and there wasn't anything we ordered that was not great. I would definitely recommend this place for all settings, the staff was warm and friendly, and the service is inviting.
3	MTO Cafe just opened at 1:00pm on Oct. 22nd so the timing of the 1st three reviews are a little suspicious. The cafe is on the smaller side, but well designed and welcoming. I ordered the Skuna Bay Salmon wrap, which was not what I expected. The wrap had eggs in it, which were not listed in the description, and I do not like salmon and eggs cooked together. I was expecting something more like a wrap version of lox and bagels. Aside from that fact, I think other people would like this combination. For a $12 wrap, I would have expected it to include chips or fries, but it didn't so I also ordered a side of fries... which where unseasoned and "floppy". Overall, it's nice to have another dining option downtown, but I think MTO Cafe is a little on the pricey side for breakfast and lunch offerings. It will be interesting to see how they do over time.
5	An oasis of tastiness in downtown Vegas!Easy to find and park as the parking garage is right above it and cheap at $3.  PLus it is an easy walk to the Smith Center.  The menu is seemingly small but confounding as there are so many yummy dishes.  They just opened but I have been there twice.  I loved the Chicken and Waffles, which I've never tried before and they have killer omelettes and pancakes.  Then there's the Fat Elvis.  French Toast with bacon, peanut butter, nutella and bananas.  So good.  The hash browns had me going until I realized they were crispy on the outside and stuffed with mashed potatoes inside.  Wow.Definitely a must stop-by when dealing with anything downtown.  Or just because you want to check out the evolving scene...
5	I have now been twice in the last week.  Once for breakfast and once for brunch.  I LOVE THIS PLACE!   Easy to find, easy parking, unique and delicious food options  (Avocado Omelet was awesome and the fried apple ring concoction is not to be missed....tastes like fried beignet dough over an apple ring!), cute space.  Great coffee and also great big coffee cup (which is important).  All employees were grateful for my business and I felt very welcome.  They even have a limited liquor license for I think beer and wine, which can add to the ambiance when you are deciding on a brunch spot.   I definitely will be back and I love this addition to the emerging downtown scene.
5	Had the hangover burger... the best burger I've had in a long time.  Cooked to perfection. The dressing on the little side salad is haunting me. DELISH!
5	This is a really cool new place.  My wife, 4 yr old daughter along with two friends hit it up this morning after  charity walk at Fremont St.  We were seated immediately, brought our drinks and promptly ordered. All five of us ordered something different, and everything was fantastic. I had the Chili Omlette, it was great. Wife had Dunkin Pancakes (I think that is what they were called) and she enjoyed them. Our daughter ordered the Apple doughnuts and they were amazing! Can't recall what the friends ordered but they both had nice things to say.It was a tad pricey ($75 for 4 plus child) but I will return.  The entire menu was loaded with stuff. I would like to try.
5	My two girlfriends and I chose MTO as our newest discovery (as part of our irregularly scheduled brunches together). We were pleasantly surprised by the modern and warm decor. The staff was very pleasant, friendly, and efficient. We all loved the over sized coffee/tea cups. The menu choices were awesome. I had the MTO breakfast with 3 eggs and different meats, and their amazing hash browns. I'm not one to eat sausage, but when I took a bite of the homemade chicken sausage, I was blown away at how nicely flavored and fresh it tasted. The turkey bacon was one of the best I've had. My girlfriend had the lemon poppy seed pancakes with fresh blueberry compote. Her words were, "wow, these are like a party in your mouth, they're so good." Of course, I had to try them & they were amazing! The blueberries were the best flavored and fresh tasting. My other friend had the chicken skillet and raved about the fresh tomatoes and perfectly blended flavors.When we were finished, the owner came over and spoke to us for a while. He shared that they get their produce from a farm in northern California - all no pesticides. They don't keep a freezer on the property because all of their food is fresh & free of all the "bad stuff." We could tell, because it was a two-thumbs up, five star place! I'll recommend this to other friends and will definitely return.
2	I checked this place out with a business client of mine the other day after seeing the various yelp reviews about it. The interior design is very cool inside and welcoming. Staff is friendly and engaging. They have outlets at the booths that are convenient for laptops and getting work done.Food: My friend had the MTO breakfast platter. According to him it was good. Bacon was cooked perfectly. Although for the price, I was expecting a larger portion size. I got the chicken in a waffle dish. It was good, but I wasn't in love with it. Once again price was a little steep for what you get. There's a lot of great breakfast places in town where the food is spectacular, the portions are large, and the price is cheaper. On a side note there Mashed potato Hash browns are really really good and unique. Unfortunately I found a piece of hair in them......... Being the person that I am I didn't say anything to the waitress as I could tell she was new and didn't want to give her a rough time.Overall, place is nice, food is a little over priced. Food quality not bad.Idk if I would come back here again.
5	Great decor and cute signage for the restrooms. Love the plate glass storefront that looks out on Main Street and City Hall. You can also dine al fresco. The food, I had the MTO breakfast which had 4 different breakfast, toast, 3 eggs and those very good hash browns you're going to hear about. Everything was cooked perfectly. The chicken sausage was my favorite. My dining partner had the salmon burger. Two highlights - homemade pickles on top and they really treat that salmon filet nicely. Highly recommend. For dessert, we had the suggested fried apple slices. Seriously fresh and delish! High points for really happy and competent waitstaff. I recommend this place and I plan on returning.
5	Great new downtown breakfast/brunch/lunch place. We ordered two different "skillets" which are basically scrambles. The one with tomatillo salsa is divine. We also had the mashed potato stuffed hash browns- loved those! We met Ben, the congenial owner, who insisted we try the fried apple rings- they were excellent. Great service, very nice interior and exterior. My kids loved the etch-a-sketch menus. My husband didn't love the shallow, wide coffee cups (coffee got cold quickly) but the coffee itself was good.  MTO Cafe is a great addition to downtown Las Vegas. We're looking forward to going back and trying many more items on the menu.
5	Not enough good things to say about this place. So happy to know that downtown Vegas has places like this to just come and enjoy a nice Sunday brunch, casual breakfast or a weekday lunch.Food. Well. AMAZING. I felt like the "needy" client because I ordered several things from the menu and they graciously helped me with my order. The server, her name is ERIN by the way. Not only a beautiful girl but so pleasant and sweet. It made the experience even more incredible. Perhaps one of my favorite places in town. It is definitely A MUST CHECK OUT!. One extra pointer. Please try the hang over burger. Out of this world!
1	Went here for lunch with some coworkers.  We were excited to something new Downtown.  I ordered the Hen House, it was a decent size but unfortunately it had no flavor, so I only ended up eating less than half of it.  My coworker ordered the Grilled Cheese and she absolutely hated it.  It was SO SMALL, it looked like croutons. It came with a "salad" which were some mixed greens on the plate, no dressing nada. My other coworker had the Chicken in a Waffle and she really liked it.  The place is very nice and the staff are amazing so I was sad that my meal was so disappointing.  Also, a bit pricey for what you get.  I know they have not been open long so hopefully things will improve!
5	What a great morning we had. We decided to support a friend and her new adventure at MTO cafe. When we arrived we were greeted in the most friendly manner. The staff here is amazing, our waitress was very friendly and her food knowledge was tremendous. There were five of us so we decided to try many dishes. Started of course by the ladies having bottomless mimosas. Food, yes we had food. I had the 3 egg with meat breakfast. The meat was as follows. Bacon, turkey sausage, turkey bacon, AND spam. That is right I said AND not OR. I guess AND is better. The other folks atheist table ordered many more blends of food. I will start with "The fat Elvis". A French toast sandwich with bananas, Nutella and bacon. This was very tasty and very rich in flavor a salty, sweet. Masterpiece. Harry's Berries, waffles with this delightful mix of Berries on the top, the waffle was light and was not too filling. Lemon poppy seed pancakes also with a fruit medley on top and a fruit compote drizzled over the top. Light and flavorful mix, the lemon not too overpowering. Chicken in a waffle, chicken fried chicken inside a waffle sandwich covered in chicken gravy. Chicken was moist, and the waffle light and airy. The gravy on top was definitely home made and filled with flavor. Smoked salmon omelet. This omelet has pieces of salmon and cream cheese soaked into the middle. Eggs were fluffy and the smokey flavor of the salmon with the combination of the cream cheese was like lochs and cream cheese in an egg dish. Amazing. What is a meal without desert. Yes we had desert, recommended by one of the owners. Forgive me for forgetting his name. We had Mini Donuts and Fried Apple Ring. The donuts were coated in powdered sugar and drizzled in honey grown over the hump in Pahrump. Very tasty, but over powered by the fact we still had the fried apple rings. These fried apple rings were awesome. A cut Granny Smith deep fried and served with a cinnamon sugar sauce that we could not get enough of.  We will be back to this new Gem of downtown. The staff was very attentive, our drinks were never empty. Always a plus with me. The menu is simple one page of choices. They are open for breakfast and lunch. We cannot wait to try the burgers and wraps. Some breakfast items can be had as a wrap as well.  Please check this out you will not be disappointed.
4	Ate here for brunch, got 'The MTO Breakfast'.  What a lot of meat!  My goodness.. I appreciated the variety but wasn't a huge fan of either the sausages or the turkey bacon.  Regular bacon and spam were of course yummy.  My eggs were cooked as I asked, no complaints there.. so why 4 stars instead of A-OK? The best part of this breakfast was the Mash Browns.. I don't know what that smushy stuff was on them but it was delicious!  Also the sourdough that came with breakfast was just perfect.  Good coffee too - this is definitely a nice brunch spot - worth a trip outside the strip to try something different..
4	Great Breakfast, Friendly Staff.  3 of us went for breakfast and had a pancake stack, chicken and waffles and the egg white omelet with la carte hash browns.  Everyone thought the food was great but $51.00 for the breakfast mentioned above plus coffee and iced tea is a little steep for breakfast. Add to that parking fees and gratuity and you have strip prices for a very good downtown breakfast.
4	Had brunch here on Sunday- great food,Great service and great atmosphere. I met 2 friends and everything we had to eat was tasty.  One of the owners, Ben, came by to make sure everything was ok- a nice touch.   I'm looking forward to dining there again soon.
5	came in  for  breakfast  with my family  of  four  on  Sunday the 17th  not  only  were  we  seated  promptly  but my  kids  loved  the etch- a- scetch  that  they got  to play  with while waiting  on food,  so much so  that they now  have that on  there xmas  lists.  food  was melt in your  mouth  good, I  got  the  chicken in  waffle  and a  side  of  sausage, my son  got  the  crustless pb&j,  my daughter  got Mickey mouse  pancakes,  and my boyfriend  got a  skillet!  our  table  was so quite after the food  showed  up  cause we were  too busy eating,  which  can be a  challenged  with kids sometimes  as all  parents  know  to well  :)service  was attentive  without  being  too  attentive, and super  friendly.  you  can tell  the staff  really  are  as happy to be there as  the customers.  this  quickly  has become  our  new found  Sunday spot!
4	Been hearing about MTO for a bit. I found out about it at the Downtown 3rd Farmers' Market. At this point, I really prefer to go places where I know they are getting good ingredients. This was recommended by the folks who work at the market, and they told me they were buying a lot of their ingredients there, sooooo....I finally got there, they had an etch a sketch for my 2 year old son to play with, and we ordered the bacon (excellent), the fries with gravy (very good), the hash browns (awesome!), an onion soup (tasted like it was made today, fantastic), and the caesar salad and strawberry fields salad with chicken. The Caesar was good, maybe not great. The Strawberry Fields salad was amazing, the arugula, the strawberries, the balsamic dressing! Magnifique! Also we tried the walnut tossies, mini pecan pie like cookies, yum. I will be back, and they may even deliver to where I live!
3	Great place, comfortable atmosphere. Everything looked great but I was unfortunate enough to order the vegan carrot and coconut pancakes. A great example of everything that can go wrong with vegan cooking: gooey, dense and overly sweet to cover up the extra baking powder. Basically a flat ball of dough on a plate with nothing else on the side. I really don't want to be hard on the place but of all vegan things, vegan pancakes are probably the one thing you shouldn't have an issue making ;)
4	Had the treehugger sandwich. The quinoa bun had a nice time toasted flavor. Very attentive staff.
5	Great food, super staff, a pleasant environment--5 stars all the way.  After an appointment, I came here to have breakfast.  I had looked at the menu online and read other reviews and I was all set to get something more on the healthy side.  When Ashley came to take my order, I opened my mouth and out came, "Didn't I read that you had some kind of Elvis breakfast?"Folks, don't be confused like I was.  There it is, hiding in the sandwiches and not under the breakfast section of the menu.  Ashley showed me where it was and that's what I ordered.  Peanut butter is healthy, no?Breakfast consisted of two slices of French toast with bananas, bacon, peanut butter, and Nutella inside--something from each of the five food groups so I deemed it healthy!Before ordering, I was brought a very large cup of coffee.  You almost need to use both hands to pick it up and it was refilled quickly when I needed the push to be able to do stupid things faster.My breakfast was brought and it was delicious!  I think Elvis would be pleased that he's being remembered with some good food like this.All the staff at MTO was outstanding.  One of the bus persons asked me how my breakfast was as he removed my plate.  When I said, "Excellent," he replied with a, "That's what we like to hear," and a big smile.  I chatted with another staff member about restaurants in Los Angeles and he gave me a tip about a place to go in San Gabriel.  I have to come back and get the pancakes with carrots and coconut.  It looks too good not to try!
5	Delicious food. Hangover burger, chicken and waffles and especially the queso carne. Fries with gravy were great. Love the comfort food here.
5	Amazing food!!! I had the Queso Carne and it is the best hangover cure. Great service and it's a trendy spot for DTLV.
5	Damn, MTO is delicious and everyone here is so nice. The food was fresh and plentiful and the owner, Ben, is incredibly nice and gracious. Our server was very attentive and the place is very very nice. Highly recommended. Oh. And try the Crabbies ginger beer.
5	Even better than the last time. I went with one of my dearest friends and let me tell you. This woman is THE MOST COMPLICATED PERSON I HAVE EVER KNOWN and the waitress was stellar. Food always awesome. Definitely try the apple pies. Make some room at the end of the meal. You won't regret it.
3	Overall this was a good breakfast with a descent menu selection. Word to the wise, share a plate. I ordered the MTO breakfast and ended up waisting half of it. I HATE WASTING FOOD!!!! but whats a man to do with breakfast food hanging out in his car all day?the eggs were good and the bacon was perfect. There was was this other rectangular looking meat thing tat was super salty and not that great to taste. It also lost a star for not validating parking. It doesn't have it own parking and, is instead, connected to a parking structure. It was only $3 bucks, but who wants to pay to park for a restaurant?
5	Great food. I love the innovative decor, menu and ideas - like etch a sketch kids menus and electric delivery bikes.
4	MTO Cafe: Made To Order.This is a nice, new, cheery spot located across the street from City Hall, on the first floor of the parking garage right there. A friend and I met for a meal on a recent Friday at 11:00am and were seated right away. The menu offers up breakfast and lunch items, many of them comfort food style: chicken n waffles, grilled cheese sandwiches, as well as a Fat Elvis sandwich (French toast, Nutella, bacon, peanut butter, and strawberries).  The 'made to order' part applies to the breakfast, where you can choose a wrap, omelet, or skillet form for options that include avocado, salmon, chicken, chili, and broccoli.I had the MTO breakfast:  3 eggs, chicken sausage, 2 slices of turkey bacon, 2 slices of regular bacon, 2 slices of Spam, mash browns, and toast.  Opting for egg whites and sourdough toast, it was a larger than normal meal for me with all of that meat.  The bacon was made just right, but the Spam wasn't cooked long enough and the turkey bacon was buried underneath the eggs and just limp. The chicken sausage was good, too.  The mash browns are a combo of mashed potatoes and hash browns and I enjoyed those very much.  I left one slice of Spam and half a slice of chicken sausage on my plate, full from all that food.  I used my Yelp check-in offer of free Walnut Tossies when we got there.  Our server had never seen it before so she took my phone over to another waitress who cleared it with her boss.  Said boss, Ben, came over to our table and introduced himself as one of the owners.  Apparently I was the first person to use the check-in so he asked how it worked on the phone app, I showed him, and he was very happy.  I was happy with the Walnut Tossies at the end of the meal for dessert, 3 little mini-pastries of walnut and brown sugar.  Overall, it was a good experience, especially since my friend treated me to this meal.  I don't spend $14 on breakfast on a normal basis, but I'll come back to try some of the lunch items.  MTO Cafe is a cool addition to Downtown and nice to have as a dining option there.
4	I'm a breakfast guy... and after my favorite breakfast place in town took a big hit on Dirty Dining and got a "C" rating, I was looking for an alternative. When my wife read an article on this place she said I should check it out. I'm glad she did.My first issue was trying to find parking that was free. It was early on a Sunday morning but the only free spots on the street (still a block from the restaurant) were all taken. MTO is conveniently situated in the bottom floor of a park garage, but inconveniently it cost $3.00. I got there right at 8:00am and it was pretty much just me and the staff.  I was greeted very nicely and my server was very attentive.I wanted the Poppy Seed pancakes but also wanted some eggs, sausage and potatoes, Everything is a bit pricey, My bill with coffee (good coffee) for just me was $29 and change!  Add in the tip and parking and it was almost $40 for just me!  I think it is the most I have ever paid for a breakfast, and I have had breakfasts is some great places.I did get the MTO breakfast that came with assorted meats... (more than I expected or wanted) and the pancakes(3) were big and pretty good.  I am a big guy with a hearty morning appetite but I took half the meat and half the pancakes home and had them the next morning.It was a very good breakfast, but I don't know I will be back.  The parking cost was a surprise.  (The waitress said they are working with the city to be able to validate).The coffee machine (I think it was) made a terrible shrieking noise every five minutes or so (like crying cats standing off against one another)  that went on much longer than my early morning brain was ready for.  I like good heavy, hearty, crusty European style breads (La Brea Bakery style) and they offered only light weight fluffy types (Wonder bread was actually a menu option!). I ordered whole wheat, (which was thick sliced but also light and fluffy) which I barely touched (I had the pancakes).I think there are better breakfast placed for much less... and they have free parking.
5	OMG. People! If you haven't been to this GEM of a restaurant yet, you are missing out. It's my new favorite spot. They opened up downtown only two months ago and I've already eaten there (or from there) like 8 times. And if you know me, that's pretty impressive. First off let me talk about the food, it takes center stage. The hangover burger is ridiculous. Angus beef, Tillamook cheddar, fried egg and their house slaw IS OUT OF THIS WORLD. I rarely go back for seconds on burgers, this one i cant get enough of. Also their Caesar salads are just the right amount of garlic (for peeps that like that sort of thing, which i do) and caressed by flaky tender croutons. The breakfast is also amazing. Try their MTO special, 4 kinds of meats, eggs and this amazing mash browns (WHAT...) It's bananas. I never knew how good SPAM was till now. Guys, check this place out. It's ridiculous good, I for one am going back to try everything on the menu at least once. The staff is super friendly and attentive, and the ambiance is hip and inviting. Truly a great find on my part (good job Dre, your welcome bro). ALSO, 15$ bottomless mimosas or bloody mary's...cant beat that. Trust me guys, check this place out, your stomach will be thankful.
5	Breakfast and Bansky art ;) If you're tired of the Vegas strip, crappy overrated old fashioned restaurants, and you're in search of a cool place to eat, then this place is definitely for you.It was my last day in Vegas and I wanted some nice breakfast that wasn't going to be greasy and large just for the sake of it. Americans love their large portions. Anyway my yelp search brought me here. Actually I was heading to "eat" but all the roads were closed off and I didn't want to walk alone with my 19 month old amongst all the foul smelling homeless people so I had to yelp search again but I'm glad I did!I shared the MTO breakfast with my son. OMG it was one of the best breakfasts I've had, full of protein and lots of YUM without feeling greasy and grossed out afterwards!! Three eggs, chicken sausage, FOUR pieces of bacon (I think two was Turkey had two normal), spam (I wasn't too keen on but hey I'm not American), tomatoes, cheesy hash, some berries and two thick pieces of toast. I wasn't keen on the bread only because I'm from Europe and I'm not a fan of American "bread". I wish I took a photo of it but as soon as it came my son was all over it so I missed my chance :( you really have to see it to appreciate how yummy the breakfast is. I love my chicken sausages and turkey bacon so it really was a perfect breakfast for me. Coffee was good too. If you checkin on yelp, you get a free pastry. We got a free muffin and a small pastry as a substitute because we had to leave and the walnut toastie was still baking. I saw some cool looking pancakes with grated carrot (?) on top and also bacon pancakes!! Which my husband would've really liked if he would've come with us. I'm sad we have to leave today, because I would've come back again tomorrow if we were still in Vegas.
5	Holy cow!  This place is amazing.  FRESH local food sourced locally and stored only in refrigerators with no freezers or microwaves in existence.  Best breakfast we had in Vegas; the blueberries, strawberries, and blackberries were great accents to our meal, and I loved that they have real lettuce (arugula, greens) versus non-nutritional man-created iceberg lettuce.  This place just opened 2 months ago so it's still relatively unknown by mainstreamers making it fast, quaint, and personable.  It's family run versus corporate and so there's a lot of pride in how this place operates even by staff.  Every booth has outlets that are USB ready.  How convenient!!Parking is free on the street on Sunday.  Conveniently located next to the Mob Museum, Neon Museum, Fremont Street Experience, and Pawn Stars.
2	Food was good however very very slow service. Small restaurant. Our order was put in wrong and we were brought a wrong waffle and also our side of toast was forgotten. Not sure if I would recommend this place or come back again. Also, they do not validate parking (only 3$ but still)
5	Tired this place yesterday with my cousin, she told me about it and this was my experience. It was really busy, as it was Sunday at noon, and our wait was less than 10 for a table! It's a small space but it's so modern and elements of different cities is all around. Our server was really friendly and attentive throughout and I noticed the owners were there talking with everyone, I loved that! I ordered the chicken "in a waffle", it was sooo good! Super tender crispy fried chicken sandwiched between fluffy waffles and then gravy alll over! I added syrup to it, wasn't served with any and def put syrup on it. Great portions and a bonus, they serve it with fries. Made my Sunday! Coffee was great too :)
5	This is a perfect spot for breakfast, brunch, and/or lunch in downtown. Located on Main Street, it is easily accessible from the parking garage directly behind the restaurant. Bright, open space with large windows looking out towards the new Las Vegas city hall building with a choice of an outdoor seating area that would be best enjoyed in warmer months. A bestie and I decided to share all our dishes so we could get a better idea of the menu. We enjoyed the baked potato soup with crispy slices of bacon to garnish (which was the perfect warm-me-up, comfort-food starter); the tomato basil soup accompanied by a miniature grilled-cheese sandwich; the Elvis Breakfast French toast sandwich (which was more like dessert rather than a lunch sandwich but I was not about to complain about it); and the buffalo Rueben sandwich (I'll eat sauerkraut on anything and this was a unique pairing to me). I had a soup-bowl-sized cup of coffee and my friend had a fresh juice made with a plethora of healthy green goodness that helped balance out our carb-loaded lunch. All the dishes were DELISH.Service was great as well. Our server was very attentive and kept my coffee cup full which is a requirement for a good review when coffee is involved at a sit down restaurant. I will also come back to try the $15 mimosa brunch special with the ladies. I think Mimosas make any brunch just a little bit brighter.
5	Awesome downtown gem. Just had a fantastic lunch with great service. Can't wait to come back for breakfast, they look amazing. And remember it's never too early for a Crabbie's ginger beer!
5	Friendly Staff and Amazing food in a hip up-beat atmosphere! Dont miss the Walnut Tossie
4	My mom: "I like the feel of this place."Me: "What would you say 'the feel of this place' is?"My mom: "I don't know how to describe it. Yuppie?"I brought my mom and bro-dizzle to MTO in their first foray of downtown Las Vegas and the place was hopping for a Sunday morning. We were greeted right away by the gentleman working the counter who turned out to be the proud papa of one of the co-owners. While perusing the menu in our quoted 5-10 minute wait, he suggested what to eat if we were "really hungry," and what to order if we were "just hungry." Among the 3 of us, we ordered the avocado breakfast as a skillet, though it was also available as a whole wheat wrap or omelette; the queso carne sandwich; and the bacon dippers. The avocado skillet had a green chili topping that gave it a kick so even though I asked for ketchup and hot sauce, it turned out I really didn't need too much of it, if at all. The queso carne was exactly like it sounded - lots of queso with lots of carne topped on fluffy slices of bread. The bacon dippers was a platter of Americana lovin' - carbs and bacon, married in one item - essentially strips of bacon right in the middle of pancake mix. The presentation wasn't as mind-blowing as the other two items, but the flavor was there. +1 for bacon lovers! The cafe is bright and a very modernized, contemporary step up from the usual diners throughout the city. There aren't any $3.99 steak and eggs, but there are $15 bottomless mimosas and bloody Marys! P.S. Check in on Yelp for a free order of walnut tossies - they were out when we went, but sent over an equally-winning mini apple pie! :)
4	Had a great breakfast with my friend here. The ambiance is fun and colorful. In regards to food, my veggie omelette was tasty and light, my friend got the lemon poppy pancakes which she also really enjoyed. The owner came by our table and was also very friendly... I guess it had only been open a little while when we had visited.
4	Losing a star after after my last brunch visit... I will begin by saying that I'm super jazzed that MTO is now open downtown and the food and servers are great. The Fat Elvis is delicious and the chefs/owners have a real commitment to creating excellent food But...now that business has picked up, service has slowed down.. An hour is way too long to turn food around and get it on the table. If the food is going to take that long, please PLEASE get some carafes of mimosas! It shouldn't be a battle to partake in the unlimited mimosa on a Sunday morning, especially if you're paying for it. Just some constructive criticism to ensure the service continues to match the quality of the cafe.
5	Interesting retro vibe, friendly service, smooth  Lavazza coffee and delicious lemon poppyseed pancakes! We found this place by accident but will be back the next time we're in Vegas.
5	Went here twice during Christmas week. Food is delicious, huge cups of coffee, great homemade donuts and apple rings, delicious green and red drinks, reasonable prices, fresh ingredients, and above all, great service. The restaurant is clean, with charging ports in the booths. Try the MTO breakfast, it can serve two people. Burgers are amazing! The place is off the strip but really easy to get to by car. Nearby is the Gold and Silver pawn shop, where you can snap a few pictures of yourself after your meal at MTO. Would definitely return.
5	I'm glad we chose MTO Cafe for our first breakfast of 2014.  I ordered the MTO breakfast that was truly amazing.  My friend had the Fat Elvis french toast sandwich that also turned out to be fantastic.  Friendly staff, great food and supercool Banksy art on the walls make this a must visit if your downtown!
1	Worst service in town!  Why can't I leave a -1 Star review???New Years Day 2014.  My uncle and I sat at the bar as we didn't feel like waiting for a table.  Our waiter promptly brought us our drinks after sitting (coffee).  After that, everything went downhill fast.We both ordered the $14 MTO breakfast.  We waited 20 minutes for our breakfast.  Sitting next to the open air kitchen, we watched at least 6 party's seated after us receive their food before us.  Every single server there works with blinder's on, so don't expect refills on drinks and the like from anyone other than your server.  All servers there avoid eye contact and all of them walked past our empty coffee cups we intentionally placed at the edge of the bar.  It was almost laughable as servers prepared their drink trays next to our empty coffee cups.I ordered my 3 eggs scrambled and received 2 eggs fried hard & 1 over-easy...all 3 over-cooked.  I brought this to our waiter's attention and told him that I'd eat them anyway (didn't want to wait an additional 20 minutes for scrambled eggs).  I asked for jelly for my 4 pieces of toast and was given just 1 plastic serving.  My uncle asked for jelly and received the good stuff in a small dish (we shared).  Their hashbrowns are mushy...don't understand how that's possible.I eventually received coffee refills after throwing dirty looks at the young waitress who brags about also working at the Hard Rock steakhouse.The manager came by towards the end of our meal and asked how everything was.  I looked him directly in the eyes and replied "awful".  He turned his back to me and walked away with no reply.*Note to locals*  If your considering the MTO special for breakfast here, you'll fair much better at Wildfire with the "Gambler's Special" without paying 7x the price (seriously...the Gambler's Special is only $1.99, $2.99 with choice of meat).  The difference (besides the outrageously higher price) is the couple pieces of fruit on a toothpick.  Further, the food and service are much better at Wildfire.Sitting directly across from the kitchen, we did get a good look at other dishes offered and they looked delicious (especially the wraps).  As much as I'd like to go back, I can't get passed the atrocious service and will never return.
5	Had an amazing breakfast here. The fried apple rings, chicken and waffles, and mini donuts with local honey were all outstanding. Hangover burger was also excellent and service was fantastic. Coffee was also exceptional.
4	Love this place! The food, atmosphere and service all were A+. I can't wait to go back and try their lunch menu.
5	This is one of my new favorite places to eat in Las Vegas. Especially downtown (besides Eat). Believe me when I say that EVERYTHING we ordered was bursting with flavors and the freshness.  I can't wait to go back and bring new friends for lunch or breakfast.PROS: Corned Buffalo Hash             Grilled Cheese (brie, honey and toasted walnuts)             Queso Carne (steak sandwich with drunken red wine onions & velveeta cheese)             Red Juice (beets, arugula, lime, red bell pepper. . . (other things)             Fresh salad             Bacon Dippers             Carrot & coconut pancakes             Outside seating (if you have pets)             The decor This was one of those places I thought would be a overpriced corporate lunch stop so I didn't rush here. . . As usual, I was wrong! They have something really good cooking in that kitchen for everyone!  And like most places I gong before trying. . . I'll be back SEVERAL more times because it's that good.
5	I love the ambiance of this cafe. The owner's dad was making his rounds and was very friendly. The servers and the hostess were also very considerate. The food and drinks were amazing. I ordered the green juice and my husband ordered the red juice. I had a skillet and I was completely full. Great portions for a great price! I didn't stop there, I tried both of the fried donuts. The fried apple donut is amazing!!!! Can't recommend it enough. You might have to fight someone for the last one. I know it hasn't been open long, I hope they continue keeping up the good work. Great service and real food are appreciated.
4	Love this place!!! Great Mac n' cheese! Love the bottomless mimosas!!! Thanks Jennine!
5	This place is delicious! Yummy comfort foods with a little twist. I had a skillet which was very yummy, needed a little salt, but hit the breakfast spot and was loaded with potatoes. My friends got the chicken in a waffle which was heavenly, but very rich. The gravy on top just makes it. Be sure to check in and get your freebie :)
5	cute little eatery off the strip! the food was fresh and delicious. you must try the chicken in a waffle. it's the perfect blend of savory and sweet for brunch; and the gravy is absolutely mouth watering. the service was great, the food came out quickly and the GM, Ben, came by our table to see how we were doing. if you're looking for a brunch/breakfast in Vegas that's reasonably priced and a few minutes from the strip, this is the place to be!
4	The breakfasts here are amazing (and huge)! I have been here several times and the wait staff is very friendly and truly believe in service. The doughnuts are ode-worthy, and the eggs extra tasty. Now one of my regular breakfast stops. Have had lunch there--also good--and huge! The only cons are paying to park and I wish the menu had a few more options...but don't let that stop you. Go. Go now.
4	Yummy! Ordered the Vegan Carrot pancakes. Arrived in front of me were 3 large, thick, fluffy, perfectly moist and heavenly pancakes sprinkled with crunchy coconut, pecans, grated carrots and agave. I could barely eat 1 pancake the serving was so huge. My partner got the chicken & waffles which came with gravy and fries. I loved the crispy crunchy coating on the fried chicken! Very tasty. The Green vegetable juice also pleased me. The place is modern, simple but cheery atmosphere. Reasonable pricing. Good service. Wholesome and fresh food.
4	Vegas is a tough place for vegetarians. It's a city that equates meat with success. So I did some research before we went, and chose this place for a nice brunch on my wife's birthday. We were both pleasantly surprised.We were welcomed warmly by the staff and by a woman who I'm assuming was the manager or owner. When I mentioned that I'd found the place on Yelp, and that it was my wife's birthday, we were offered a complimentary amuse bouche - two tiny walnut tarts.My wife had the Skuna Bay salmon skillet, and I had the vegan carrot and coconut pancakes. Even though we didn't need them - hers came with home fries, and my meal was already pretty carb-laden - we also ordered a side of these potatoes that melded the best of hash browns and mashed in one dish. Decadent, and necessary.We also ordered bloody marys, made with Soju, a Korean liquor that's lighter than vodka, so we didn't need a nap when we were done.Everything arrived quickly, and was consumed with gusto. The food was fresh, inventive and delicious, and the service was attentive without being overbearing. The room has a nice, warm ambiance with plenty of natural light. Best of all, the place takes its job seriously, but also knows how to have fun. Social media is embedded in the experience, and the tables even offer USB plugs on the wall to recharge your devices.The short walk to Fremont Street  burned off a few calories. We'll be back for more,
5	Great cafe in downtown Las Vegas. Loved everything I had on my first visit & already planning on when I can return. I had the green juice, the Chile omelette, & tried the fried apple rings. So good!!! And love that the food is all fresh, much of it direct from the farmers market downtown.
2	Way overpriced, stay away during breakfast. Omelets are $11-$14 and they come with no bread or potatoes (which add for $2 each).Food was good but we found the same quality for half the price at other nearby places.
5	Excellent food and service.   Fresh and unique breakfast options.   Everyone is friendly.
3	Okay food and okay service.   Might be willing to try again but not impressed
3	Food was good... the fat Elvis was delicious same with the walnut tossies and the French onion soup.They forgot to bring out a few items of ours and for some reason one of the managers/owners came to talk to us like every five minutes to talk, and kind of stood right by us interestingly enough and watched us eat and it made us a little uncomfortable.
4	This place is great! Its a nice little trndy spot off the strip by City Hall. Everything we had was great and the service was very friendly. The portions are large.I  would rather eat here than a buffet. Side note: This is owned by a gentleman in the military. I will be back to support the place next time I am in Vegas not only because it was good, but because we need to support our military.
5	We were thrilled to discover this spot. It is a relief to have a normal breakfast, with normal prices, that is not in a casino after many days on the strip!!!The MTO breakfast was excellent, as were the seasonal vegetables (brussel sprouts perfectly seasoned). The lighting and decor is pretty!We went for the bottomless Bloodies & Mimosas... WARNING: the bloody's are made with SOJU so they don't taste like what you are used to.* and were impressed with everything. Cute, fresh, pretty, light. Super friendly staff. Go here and enjoy.
4	Great find downtown. Queso Carne was delicious. Waitress was attentive and also hilarious.  Ordered ranch as a side, told me white people love ranch.  She was spot on, the ranch was great, dip and stick type. They have Estrella in bottle which is great, brings me back to days in Spain. Overall great service and great food. I want to go back to explore the rest of the menu. Apparently they deliver as well. Give it a try.
5	One of my top spots in Vegas for breakfast. Organic ingredients, friendly servers, away from the strip.. everything I like. I had the Chicken in a Waffle.. I wasn't expecting it to really be waffle sandwich with chicken. That was pretty amazing. The price was about $13 which is pretty standard for breakfast. The coffee came in a pretty big cup but the vegetable juice was kind of small.I received the free walnut tossie with Yelp Check in which was delicious.The only gripe I had with this place is that parking isn't free and you have to pay $3 but otherwise, definitely love this place. I usually stay in Downtown Las Vegas so this place is super close by.
5	Amazing!!! My husband and I are here from Chicago. Everything is fresh there's no freezer food. Staff is amazing, Ben and staff were so friendly. Something were not used to being from Chicago, so were were grateful. I had the avocado omelette, red juice which was delicious. My hubby had the poppy seed pancakes topped with blueberries. And he loved them surprisingly being the picky eater that he is. And last you cannot leave without trying the fried apple rings. AMAZING!!!!
4	Everything was perfect except service... Took a very long time to be acknowledged. Food came out wrong and was left with no silverware to eat..
2	Came on a Sunday around noon for breakfast after reading about this place and wanting to see if it would become one of our new favorite downtown spots. They were pretty busy when we got there and there was a 10 minute wait, but we were seated in about 5 minutes.Our drink orders took a little longer than hoped to come, but that was fine. After some deliberation we decided to try the MTO breakfast and the lemon poppyseed pancakes. Our server, Ruby, may have just been having a bad day but the service continued to go downhill. We had to ask for silverware so we could stir our coffee. Another server brought the food out and it took her several minutes to even come by and ask us how it was. We asked for jam for the toast; she came by and forgot it, and when she brought it we asked if she had anything other than grape. by the time she let us know they only had grape jelly, we were done with our meal. She asked us if we wanted dessert, and as I said "no thank you, I think we're ready for our check," she walked away. To me that is just rude. The rest of the staff seemed much friendlier and more attentive, but our particular service experience was sub-par.Unfortunately, the food couldn't make up for the bad service. The turkey bacon was limp and had poor flavor. The fact that they only have Welch's grape jelly is kind of weird considering they offer 3 kinds of toast. The sourdough toast was really just warmed bread with a touch of butter, it wasn't very toasty. The bacon and sausage were fine but forgettable. The pancakes were good (not great) but the compote is poured on with none on the side, so at times the stack is exceedingly dry. Overall the portions were good for the price, but their signature breakfast combo is pretty lackluster and the flavors just didn't really come together.If you're looking for a good breakfast downtown I'd recommend Eat instead.
3	I'll keep it short. The decor is boring, chicken sausage skillet flavorless, walnut toastie dry and forgettable,BUT french onion soup was delicious.All in all for the price there are other options nearby to "EAT"
5	My friend and I were looking for a quick breakfast before we hit the road back home, and we stumbled upon this little gem. The food was delicious and definitely Made To Order.  Don't forget the MTO mini donuts!!!!
2	Went to have some brunch at MTO it is a neat space, with minimal decorations that kept our attention. Being from restaurants we always watch the operations of the kitchen and the wait staff. The first red flag we saw the expediter eating French fries in front of the line, in front of all the customers, gross. You have an open kitchen yes but duck in the back and feed your face. From the waiter he said his name was Jose or something like that. We asked if the chef was on duty and the waiter also said no, probably why the whole kitchen was a free for all and slow. First we ordered the pancake dippers. It was a plain over mixed pancake with bacon in it sliced into strips. Nothing fancy. Then we watched the expediter "Jose" walk over to a table and shake someone's hand with his gloves on.  We then ordered our sandwiches. I had the tree hugger. I think if I ate a tree it would have had more flavor than this. It was a good concept and that's all the good I can say about that. It was a quinoa bun two patties. That had absolutely no flavor at all. It had some kind of sauce in the middle and a few leaves of spinach and a few small tomatoes. It had the potential to be good if they used a little seasoning salt or some herbs or anything that could flavor the cardboard patties. The coffee was good. The hangover burger we ordered was cooked perfect and was juicy. If we were going to come back I would order the burger. It  The fries are bag fries nothing special. We ended up paying fifty dollars which seems very expensive for a mediocre brunch. It is Comparable price to EAT, with less flavor in the food.
5	Quest Carne was deliciously naughty! And the Skuna Bay Salmon Filet was to die for! Couldn't stop eating the fries!!! MTO Cafe is a refreshing addition to the Downtown restaurant scene!
3	Looking at the food coming out of the kitchen,  the sandwiches looked really impressive.  However, i opted to try the breakfast.  The food is very average, nothing really amazing for breakfast.  I ordered lemon poppy seed pancakes with blueberry ginger compote.  Each of my 3 pancakes was unlevened or flat and totaled less the 3/4 of an inch high for the stack of 3. The compote was thin an runny, more of the consistency of a thin sauce. The flavor profile was ok, what was lacking was the execution of technique. However the ingredients were fresh. I will have to try them for lunch hopefully my experience will be better.  For now I will stick to one of my 7 favorite places for brunch.Cost: $15 pancakes & soft drink+ Tax & Tip $3 + $1.50 for 1 hour of paid parking = $19.50 for below average pancakes with no meat side.  Time: 11 am Restaurant:  less then 1/2 full. Service, is friendly yet attention to guest needs improvement. In my observation servers could work specifically on anticipating guest needs.
3	This is a solid restaurant. I especially loved the decor and friendly staff. Ultimately, it comes down to the food, and the food to me was meh. It was okay but nothing great. I had the avocado skillet. Besides the tomatillo, which was great, the rest of the dish was very average. I wish my potatoes had more flavor. My sister had the chicken and waffles. Neither were very good, even with the gravy. Both lacked the flavor or kick I was looking for.
5	Wonderfully comfortable restaurant with good food.
5	A beautiful, beautiful cafe.Sleek, clean and has big glass windows for beautiful sunlight to shine the restaurant. I like how there is a mixture of a few tables, bar seating, booths for more privacy and a long, sleek high table table with bar stools along side their large window that over looks the street. If you need a place to relax and study, this would be it. You can grab one of their booths and set up your laptop and order some food to settle in. They provide power outlets for you to charge your electronics---something Starbucks needs to do. Their ambiance is awesome! From their seating arrangement, lighting, art work display, to their kitchen and food presentation. Their food is great!! They offer am array of options from the green eater to the extra grease lover. Their side orders are quite large, so be sure to share with two or three people, or, have that as your meal :)I would definitely return to this cafe.
4	Thanksgiving burger and hangover burger.Thanksgiving burger was excellent, the balance between truffle bread pudding and turkey patty was perfect.
5	MTO (Made To Order) is an absolute amazing find in downtown Vegas. It is almost hidden near the City Govt Center under a parking structure (they do validate your parking for up to $1.50, just ask your server for a validation ticket when you leave), but well worth the search.When you walk in you immediately feel the energy of the place. Its open layout and very comtempo vibe from the bright and warm accent colors and funky artwork to the made-by-the-owner furnishings, it is instantly inviting! We were immediately greeted and sat when we walked in the door and our waitress was at our table taking our drink order in no time flat. The easy to read menus have a eclectic selection of "made to order" items that are designed to feed your need for farm fresh, locally grown food or to nurse a hangover with something a bit more savory. Either way you are in for a treat!I had the Red Juice, which was a fantastically healthy mix of beets, arugula, lime, carrot, red pepper, and pomegranate. It actually tasted delicious! To counteract my health conscious, I ordered some coffee (which is Grade A btw) and the Fat Elvis. This hunka-hunka pile of WTF-is-happening-in-my-mouthness is peanut butter, bananas, Nutella, AND bacon on legit french toast! To offset the insanely delicious gluttony, the dish is accompanied by a healthy heap of strawberries and blackberry garnish. I was definitely a fat, if not completely satisfied, Elvis (impersonator) when I was finally finished!I had mentioned to our fantastic waitress that this place belonged in Austin as the vibe, decor, and menu just screamed Hyde Park, Rosedale, or SoCo and as luck would have it the very nice owner, Ben was sitting in a booth across from us. He graciously came over to say "hi" (he actually interacted with almost every single customer in the place) and we had a fantastic convo. Honestly, a great guy and his awesomeness definitely translates into this great restaurant. He had us try the fried apples (which literally hurt to eat I was so full, but man, it hurt soooo good!) which were also to-die-for delish!I was so sad to have discovered this place as I was leaving Las Vegas (see what I did there?) because I would have eaten here for every meal for my three day-two night stay! I guess I'll just have to wait til the next time I'm in downtown Vegas, or better yet until the grand opening of their new location in ATX!
4	MTO was a good experience.  My boyfriend and I went for Valentines Day (drawn in by their bottomless mimosas).We had the Kentucky fried chicken, the Broccoli breakfast and the bacon pancake dippers.  I loved the Kentucky fried chicken!  I like the gravy they use and the hash mash, chicken and eggs go together so well.  I like how the pancakes for the bacon pancake dipper are thin.  I wasn't a big fan of the broccoli breakfast.  It was a little bland.  It's a healthier option, but I felt like it would benefit with more seasoning.  However, you have a choice to make it skillet, omelet or flatbread style.  The skillet style serves it with potatoes.
5	Came here for the first time staying downtown at the golden nugget. It's a short 10 minute walk and definitely worth the wait!  I'm vegetarian and they didn't mind the special orders and recommended a recently added item to my gf, which was awesome!  Bottomless Champagne was delicious and I asked the owner Matt for some extra as he was managing on Saturday. I will totally come back when I'm in Vegas as it reminds me of NorCal type food and great service. Their iPad was having trouble sending orders and out order didn't go through but they were cool about it! Other than the order not going through they were a little unorganized and only 3 waiters for a busy Saturday and the owner sort of walked around like he did not know what he was doing, I even asked him about where the food came from and he was very unsure and his response was "I leave it to the chefs"Food was worth the wait though and I will be back!!!!!!!!!
2	So you better come here early...because everything I wanted on the menu they were out of! Bottomless mimosas...Out! I was so looking forward to it. My Sunday brunch in Vegas kinda ruined. Then I order a salmon omelette and their out of that too! Come on! Ended up just getting a fruit cup. Thanks a lot MTO cafe for ruining my Sunday brunch :)
2	Really, really wanted to like this place. But alas, food just ok. For the $, totally not worth it... Doughnuts sucked- don't waste your $7 for 3 tiny, dry things. Latte up-charged $1 for vanilla syrup. Seriously??! Located attached to parking garage for which, wait for it, they don't validate. And there was piece of plastic wrap in our skillet. Service not great, but that may vary with your server.
4	Wow, the decision to put this quality cafe right next to the new city hall was genius. This is likely related to the fact that they don't need to be open past 3pm.Anyway, if you're going to come here, come early. It will fill up quickly. The waits aren't crazy long, but just be ready for one. Why is there a wait at all? Well, as MTO states... everything is made to order. It's a quality cafe. If you browse through the pictures, you'll salivate over something. We drooled over the burger and the apple rings.We ended up ordering a chicken skillet and the MTO breakfast. The skillet was served in... a skillet! On the bottom, potatoes. On top, whole eggs turned into a sort of omelette containing bits of an excessively sweetened chicken sausage. A sprinkling of greens on top and a few slices of tomatoes. I'm not sure if the eggs were made in butter but they were suspiciously tasty. Good textures and flavors. Fresh. The MTO breakfast is basically a classic breakfast plate made with eggs, hash browns (with mashed potatoes inside), and a selection of meats from bacon, sausage, spam, to turkey bacon. Both plates were enough food for anyone. Just enough I'd say.I also sampled a bit of the poppy seed pancakes topped with blueberries. The pancakes themselves were fine. Nothing special. The sauce on top was much better - made with fresh blueberries. Also tried a glass of their green juice. Very tasty and full of lime flavor. I would only question the point of the juice staying in a container until it's ready to serve. That's not only "MTO," but it allows the enzymes in the juice to die and thus killing the point of drinking fresh juice.Service was fine, as was pricing. Inside there's a TV and a fresh design. Is it worth going out of your way for if you aren't downtown? I'm not so sure, but this is something downtown definitely needs. Quality food paving the way for more.
5	Military discount? Great food? New favorite place? Yes, YES and YES!!!!
5	MTO! You're fantastic! Traveling from LA, we stayed in Aria on the strip, but I convinced my friends to brunch in downtown. Most of the other brunch places I called in DTLV had a 30-1 hr wait and I just wasn't down for that (Hash House A Go Go and eat.) Both of those places also didn't let us put our name down over the phone as we were traveling from the strip to downtown (first come first served). MTO had high reviews, but not many, so I assumed it was new and we took a chance and just showed up. Luckily, we came at a good time and only had about a 5-10 minute wait. First off, I have to applaud the service here. The server and the wait staff are excellent. They are so enthusiastic, helpful, honest, and provided some of the most warming service I've ever received. It wasn't phony or stagnant; it's so transparent here that the people love what they do! I have to give props to the chef as well; the menu is eclectic, interesting, varied, but comfortable and delicious! When asked for recommendations between the salmon skillet and the Kentucky Fried Chicken, our waitress quickly said to get the chicken, hands down. I love when the staff has an opinion on the food-- it helps out so much!I ordered a coffee, which was bold and delicious! The dish came out pretty fast; it was beautiful; so colorful and it smelled amazing. The chicken is not for the faint of heart; it's heavy and hearty without being super greasy. Hash mash, fried chicken, country gravy, over-easy eggs; crazy combination, but it works out beautifully. Food was cooked to perfection (over-easy eggs were done RIGHT!) and everything was really tasty. We left stuffed and happy! I'll definitely be back when in town-- thanks for a great experience!
4	MTO cafe is a nice addition to the downtown restaurant scene. Good variety of sandwiches for lunch. Unique breakfast dishes and good service. The interior is bright and colorful. The only thing keeping me from frequenting the restaurant more often is breakfast menu is a la carte. Toast and potatoes are extra. I had an omelette that I had to order a side of toast and potatoes and spent $16 before I even ordered coffee. Way too much money.
4	I tried the chicken and waffles and the dish was good! Next time I'm in the area, I will definitely come back. I got to meet the owner and he was very friendly and he genuinly wanted to hear our feedback and opinion about the service and food. Great experience!
5	Fried apple dessert is amazing!! Love the free Wi-Fi and power outlets in every booth & parking is convenient :)I will def be back to try out the vegan carrot pancakes!
3	Great menu, great food but they're horribly understaffed. Hopefully they can hire some people and keep up a level of service that matches the quality of food.
5	Vegan carrot & coconut pancakes were excellent. At least as good as they look, if not better. The fried apple rings were delicious. I also had the red juice. It was good, but it's really more for the health benefit than the taste. They do not have sugar free syrup. I tried a taste of the agave with my pancakes, but then used my own Walden Farms pancake syrup. Gotta save some carbs where you can. This was a postworkout meal for me. It was a great breakfast, and I would definitely go again.
2	Was very disappointed at the lack of choices on the menus and the fact that a place focused on "healthy and vegan friendly" items has Absolutely no Gluten free choices other then an omelet and tomato soup.  Food was good but not great. Probably will not eat here again.  Cute decor.
5	Loved it here.  The cafe was clean, orderly, open and airy.  The breakfast was divine and the ingredients (Organic and Local) are perfect.  We enjoyed ourselves and our meal was very satisfying.
5	PDSF Review:  PARKING is validated; 50% off in the structure.  DECOR is clean and modern.  SERVICE was absolutely excellent; server was Michael (gives good recommendations and checks on your party regularly).  FOOD was absolute delight.  Wife and I got the KFC special (fried chicken with mashed potatoes/hash brown)... finger-licking clean!   We also got the chicken skillet = healthy and fresh tasting, but after eating the superstar KFC special, the skillet was less memorable.  We also got the red juice, which was healthy and refreshing.  Will go back for sure.
5	My Beautiful Wife and I spent the weekend in Las Vegas, celebrating her Birthday and our Anniversary. We were staying in Downtown @ the Four Queens and quite frankly, felt inundated with all of the so-so choices for breakfast. We Yelped and thought that MTO sounded interesting. What a great decision. My wife had the High 5 Stack, very light and perfect pancakes. I had the Kentucky Fried Chicken and I have to tell you that this is Fantastic! Their Hash Browns are excellent and they top these with the best breaded chicken breast that I have had in a long time. Cover that with GRAVY and fried eggs, well I had to go back and have it again this morning.Very friendly staff and great service. I met the owner today and he is just a warm, genuine and friendly person.I can't wait to come back as I want to try a Fat Elvis, a Hangover Burger and I can't remember the name of the sandwich, but it has Spam and a Mornay sauce on a Brioche Bun! Wow! What a fresh and innovative menu. I wish you nothing but the best of luck.Wish we had an MTO in LA.THANKS, Steve
5	Came here to have breakfast with a friend. I loved the place as it was very modern with a incredible view to the court house! :) For breakfast I ordered the vegan carrot & coconut pancakes which were topped with walnuts and shredded carrot & coconut super delicious! We also ordered Mac & cheese (best I've ever had) I would definitely come here again as there's more things to try from their menu!
4	The food and staff at this place is fantastic!  The reason for my 4 stars (and I'd only take off 1/2 a star if Yelp allowed me) is the parking situation.  On the weekends, it is $3 to park in the garage (EVERYWHERE around is pay for parking) and MTO validates- however, they only validate $1.50.  Well its not a lot of money, it is the principle of the matter to me.  I am going to a restaurant and spending money, why validate if you are only going to validate half?So while the food, service and ambiance are all great- this little detail annoys me and will probably stop me from going back... unless they start validating the full $3 on the weekends.  Just doesn't make sense to me.
4	Came to catch up with a friend.  I saw this on yelp and overlooked it.  Then I saw a great photo on Instagram by @unlokt  decided to try it. It is located right in front of a parking garage.  Seemed to be the only parking there.  Ashley was our server.  I wanted the green drink, but I don't like celery.  The drink is premade so you can't customize it.  I ordered the Fat Elvis. Thick and goey French toast with Nutella, banana, and BACON in the middle, garnished with strawberries, blueberries, and blackberries. I think the bacon smothered in all that Nutella was the best part!  Very yummy!   Ashley was super attentive, I feel bad we were so busy chit chatting we probably stayed 20min too long.  They close at 2pm, I thought there were other customers, but upon leaving realized they all work there. Unfortunately they only validate $1.50 (1 hour) of your parking as well.
3	Went here yesterday for lunch. Pretty busy little place at lunch time with the downtown business crowd.  Anyhow, there food is solid but overpriced. Nothing exceptional but nothing bad that I have had either. I had the salmon burger yesterday. The shoestring french fries were good, I am pretty sure they are fresh and that was probably my favorite part.  The salmon burger itself, which was recommended by the waitress, was extremely dry. I was hesitant to try it as they stated it was not a piece of salmon . I surmised it was salmon flakes with filler aka what I would expect from the frozen section at any grocery store. So going back to the dry salmon patty, the salmon burger had cream cheese - which again I am not a big fan of but I think the cream cheese and the copious amounts of mayonnaise helped offset the dryness of the salmon patty.  The menu stated that the salmon burger had a balsamic aioli, however I could not taste that at all on the burger and there did not appear to be any balsamic dressing on the burger.  I did like the bread and butter chips on top of the burger (there were five held on top with a toothpick).  My total for the salmon burger & fries, with no drink including a $2 tip was $15. I just don't see going back for the price that they charge. I overhead another waiter saying that the hangover burger was great, and my friend who got the hangover burger liked it but I just can't justify paying $13 for a burger unless I was at BURGR or the like.  If I am going to get a hamburger and it's not high end then I am an In-N-Out girl because, hey, that's what a hamburger's all about... but I digress. I went to MTO once before, about six months ago, and remember getting the salmon wrap. Again I remember it being okay but nothing really noteworthy. I split it with a friend and it is definitely not big enough for splitting. As a side note, they serve beer for $5, there were some good choices Dogfish Head 60 - although they also had PBR, I question who would really pay $5 for PBR - although a friend pointed out he noted a resurgence of "cheap" beer as being trendy - I haven't noticed that but I pay more attention to micro brews and wine myself.  But MTO seems to attempt to appeal to a sense of nostalgia by referencing wonder bread and Velveeta amongst other items, so maybe that is their justification for $5 for PBR? Anyway, long story short - okay to try but don't get the salmon burger unless you are in the mood for a patty that has the moisture of the Sahara desert and expect to pay a premium for pretty much anything.
4	Decided to try this place out. It was on a Saturday afternoon. Parking is in an attached garage. You have to ask for a validation ticket from MTO Cafe. Parking wasnt free but its discounted. Service was good. The cafe was quaint and modern. Now on to the food. I only had a chance to order the Skuna Bay Salmon Burger. It was topped with balsomic aioli, chopped romaine, cream cheese on a potato bun with fries. I thought it was pretty good. The salmon came out moist and the aioli wasnt overpowering. There may have been too much mayo/cream cheese though but it wasnt smothering. The potato bun was nice and soft. I was pretty full by the end of my burger but wish I had room to try more items on the menu. I will definitely come back.
5	Great restaurant. Great food, great atmosphere, great price. I have tried almost every item on the menu and everything is great. You can eat healthy or decadent. I would highly recommend stopping by and trying this place out. If you are down on Fremont St. Walk down and have brunch.
5	It was my first time in this restaurant and it was amazing...had the Fat Elvis... I'm not really a banana person (like the minions...lol) but it was fantastic...mimosas were also good...staff very personable... loved the wall mural and the total package of the place...owner was very well loved by the customers and it is apparent that it is not for show because he knows that parents of his customers are visiting the city...
4	Love this place for brunch!!We came here on Sunday because another place we wanted to try out was a very long wait. So, if you are so hungry you can't wait, try this place out!They don't have a very extensive menu, but the dishes were very good. For brunch, we had - Chicken Sausage Skillet. It was very good, very flavorful and it was a very good portion of food. Fried Chicken w/ gravy, eggs and hash browns. This was very very good. The chicken breast was so tender inside and perfectly crispy on the outside. The gravy was very tasty as well. It had a very distinctive nutmeg  flavor to it. We also had some mimosas - a little more on the orange juice side, but they were cheap. And their bottomless prices are very cheap compared to other places in town.I love to look around at what other people are eating and their hamburgers look delicious. So, I can't wait to go back and try more goodies :)
4	Went here with some friends for a birthday brunch.  The location is right by the Las Vegas City Hall and presumably provides dining options in a specific portion of downtown that otherwise lacks options.  The restaurant validates parking for patrons.  The decor is very urban, concrete jungle with industrial looking tables and high ceilings.  The place has a very modern but friendly feel and offers plenty of seating with a properly proportioned dining room.Service was very good and the waiter made sure those of the patrons partaking in the bottomless mimosas had refills when needed.  I had the MTO signature breakfast which consisted of turkey bacon, spam, sausage, eggs, mash browns and toast.  This was a tasty combination and I'm not a big spam fan from prior experience.  Another member of our group had a chicken wrap which was fresh, and appropriately portioned.  The french fries were shoe string or thin fries and were very good.  The pricing was not bottom basement denny's level but was fair.This is a great place to go for breakfast, lunch or brunch.  If you hate hipsters and cop an attitude about any place giving a hipster vibe, you should probably go somewhere else.
5	One of my favorite places in Downtown LV! I first ventured in for a weekend brunch and have been back multiple times since then. Some highlights:Bacon Dippers peppercorn maple syrup - literally bacon dipped in pancake batterChicken "In A Waffle" yup, it's chicken in a waffle - comes with an incredible 'hash mash'Turkey Melt avocado, tomatoes, jack & cheddar, chipotle aioli (spicy) on sourdough + friesFried Apple Rings cinnamon-sugar butter icing (genius)Fresh Green Juice
5	Glancing at the menu I wasn't that excited. Breakfast items sounded typical and lunch items were slightly more intriguing. What drew me in was the name of the chef/partner, Johnny Church, who doubles as the chef at RM Seafood and Rx Boiler Room and previously worked at The View in Tivoli Village. The concept of elevated comfort food made from mostly locally sourced ingredients pays off in a big way. Dishes are expertly executed with passion and refinement that you won't find in most breakfast and lunch spots.With a Yelp check-in we received complimentary walnut tossies. I've never heard the name before, but they're similar to tiny little tarts with a thick, buttery crust. That was followed up with an order of MTO mini donuts ($7). Firm in texture with a lightly crispy exterior, they arrived three per order covered in powdered sugar and honey.My favorite dish was Chicken in a Waffle ($13). Tender chunks of breaded chicken smothered in a country gravy were sandwiched between light and crispy waffles and topped with fresh berries. The dish had everything you could want -- savory proteins accompanied by the sweetness of the fruit, the airiness of the waffles and the combination of tender, crispy, crunchy textures. The mound of skinny fries that came with it weren't bad either.On a somewhat lighter and healthier side was the vegan carrot and coconut pancakes ($11). Don't let the vegan label scare you. The light and fluffy texture make them as good as most pancakes out there.The biggest, and maybe the only, low point of the meal was the Fat Elvis ($13). It's French toast with banana, bacon, peanut butter, strawberries, and nutella. Sounds like a mouthful, right? It was and not in a good way. The peanut butter and nutella combo made it so dense and heavy that I could only stomach a few bites. Ok, maybe more than a few, but it was one dish i couldn't finish. And I almost always clean my plate.Next up was one of the best grilled cheese ($11) sandwiches I've had containing brie, honey, and toasted walnuts between slices of brioche. And, finally rounding out the meal was their Thanksgiving burger ($14). An open-faced moist turkey patty sitting atop a bread pudding "bun", topped with an orange-cranberry sauce with a side of mashed browns. It was all delicious. Turkey burgers are usually gross, but I'd come back for seconds.I was skeptical. The menu at first glance didn't sound inspiring. But, their ability to almost flawlessly elevate comfort food won me over. With a menu that is scheduled to change based on seasonal ingredients, there's plenty of reasons to return.
4	REALLY creative menu!   I stopped by MTO cafe a few weeks ago when the b/f and I were feeling like a trendy brunch spot.  The menu is awesome - really innovative food combinations and a nice offering for different dietary needs.  Oddly, I had a steak salad for brunch.  (Don't judge me...brunch means breakfast AND lunch people.)  The steak was awesome - and so was the coffee.  The b/f had The Fat Elvis - some concoction of banana, nutella, peanut butter and carb-loaded goodness.  It looked incredible and from the empty plate he left, I suspect he thought so too.Two OJ's, a coffee, 2 breakfasts, and a side of fruit DID really hike the cost up though - I think it was like fifty something dollars for brekkie.  Not a cheap spot, but worth it for the ambience, the quality of food, and creativity of the menu.
4	We decided to try a new restaurant off the Vegas strip on our last Vegas trip.  We tried the "Kentucky Fried Chicken" and grilled cheese for brunch.  We really liked the fried chicken with hash mash and topped with two eggs.  The chicken was really juicy and cooked perfectly.  Everything went well together.  The grilled cheese with brie and honey was also really good.  We got the fries with the grilled cheese and we couldn't stop eating them because they were sooooooo good.  We also tried the green juice which I thought was okay, just a tad pricey for a small glass.  We finished our brunch with the mini donuts and honey which were seved warm and really delicious. Amazing food experience at MTO Cafe, we'll definitely be back next time we're in Las Vegas.
5	4.5. Very nicely designed space. Great menu.  Excellent service. Good pricing. An excellent weekend brunch choice. (Bottomless mimosas!)Meats on the MTO plate might have been browned a bit more for better color and texture but were nevertheless good. Great breakfast wraps as well (which can, alternatively, be omelets instead).  Fresh juice choices as well as coffee and espresso. Very impressed.
5	I think this place is great!! Was looking for a brunch spot and this was the top rated on yelp-totally didn't disappoint. Venue is new and modern. Love that it's attached to a parking structure (so much easier than searching for metered parking downtown) Menu is funky and I love that they have vegan options. Vanilla latte-better than Starbucks Red juice-I hate beets!!! But I actually found this juice really pleasant.Chicken waffle sandwhich- the chicken was salty and the grAvy not overpowering. Super good!! And decently portioned, great dish to split so you have room for apple rings!!!Apple rings- super simple, the best part of my my meal. Next time I will go back just for a latte and apple rings :)
3	MTO Cafe is a sight for sore downtown eyes. Anything original that falls outside the orbit of Freemont east and The Downtown Project is to be hailed out of the gate, and the good news is that MTO offers a fun menu, an inviting space, and cheerful service. Bonus points for mobile charging stations in the booths, a bottomless mimosa brunch, local delivery, special event suppers, vegan options, etch-a-sketches for kids, and a kitchen that likes to mix things up. These cats are hitting many right notes, and I'm happy to keep returning and supporting. But there's a "but." It's small "but" but it's crucial and can be summed up with the following moral principle (which I think comes from Psalms, and say it with me): A Tomato is a Privilege, Not a Right. MTO touts itself as the place to get "fresh comfort food."  It's a solid concept. People love diner fare like skillets and pancakes. People also love the idea of garden fresh ingredients. MTO has both! Together! Fried potatoes and eggs WITH ARUGULA! Pancakes WITH FRESH BERRIES! Montague, meet Capulet.  But then the plates arrive, several times in a row now, and there they are. Three desperate slices of roma tomato that have no earthly reason for existing. Three pale pink, dry, mealy, insipid round disks that make a mockery of the whole "fresh ingredients" concept. It's a larger and more generally disturbing societal trend, this habituated tastelessness, but it's particularly glaring at a place that hangs its hat on the notion of seasonality. A tomato, say it with me once again, is a privilege. It grows for a few months in the summer, arrives in our kitchens bursting with the juice of sun beams, and merely asks to be sliced thick and dressed with some sea salt and cracked pepper and a drizzle of olive oil. Torn fresh basil if you have it. When you taste it you taste the earth and the sky while nymphs play the fiddle and dance. It is a near-sacred experience that we get to enjoy for a short time each summer, and then we pack away our longings until next year. We accept a life without tomatoes for the better part of the year. We ignore those crunchy, gassed-up grocery store imitations from Mexico. We hold out, we say "no," because we understand that proper tomatoes are worth the wait.  The existence of the pale, crunchy roma tomato is our collective failure as a consuming public. We should be better than this. We should all think we deserve better, because we do. The MTO kitchen staff can't fully be blamed for this sad culinary ritual, because apparently we have all of us simultaneously fallen asleep at the tomato wheel. But a restaurant that prides itself on fresh ingredients and seasonality should have a finer sense of what counts as fresh, and what doesn't, and if these pale pink impostors can sneak under the kitchen's radar then one's confidence is a little shaken. Don't settle for what your customers settle for, MTO. Not everything is fresh all the time. I'd happily settle for roasted red peppers, or pretty much anything pickled. Or simply nothing at all, which would be better than negative-tomato.
3	I have mixed feelings about MTO.The first time I came here with my husband and my Dad. I ordered a breakfast of 2 eggs over medium, bacon, and a side of toast. Also a coffee and orange juice. All of it came out just great. The eggs were cooked perfect, the bacon is great and the toast was great as well. My husband ordered the chicken and waffles and said it was also exceptional. My Dad ordered the "Hangover" burger and said that while it was really good, it was a little undercooked for his taste and he didn't like the sweet pickles on top.Overall, we were really excited to come back!The second time we came here was disappointing....I came here again with my Husband and my Brother in Law. I ordered a Coffee, orange juice, and the mini donuts to share. First of all the waitress forgot one of our coffees and water, no big deal it just took her a while. When I received my orange juice it had a *thick coarse black hair in it!*I told the waitress and decided I didn't want OJ after that. She barely said sorry...The mini donuts I received were more like mini dough cakes. They were very dense and not really donut like at all, they were smothered in honey and that didn't even help with the incredibly bland flavor, I dunked them in my coffee and that made them edible. Even tasty. Not sure if they come like this every time though, I would hope not.My husband and I also split the Chicken and waffles, this time my hubby and I noted that while it was still pretty good, the gravy on the chicken was extremely bland this time around. My Brother in Law ordered the Bacon Dippers and the Fried Apple rings. He said the Bacon Dippers were awesome. But the Fried Apple Rings were cut extremely thick, they were fried in batter but the apples were so thick they didn't really cook at all and the batter just fell off, he took one bite and didn't want the rest. Again, not sure if they are always cut SO thick. It's like eating a sliced apple...not what he was expecting. Atmosphere is super nice here, it's so nice to sit by the window and have a nice view. The decorations are pretty cute and the place was very clean both times we came. We decided we will still want to give this place another try, everyone has off days! But hopefully our experience will be more like the first time we came! If not, we probably won't be back.
2	So my chicken was extremely bland and tasted undercooked, same with my waffle. I'd say don't get their chicken and waffles because it's just not that good at all.I thought maybe in Vegas they might have good hearty meals......turns out this place wasn't worth the gamble.
5	Easy parking, killer menu, delicious juice juices, friendly service.  The owner comes to every table and makes sure the experience is perfect.  Can't wait to visit again.
4	Great food and great service! Went for brunch and I had the egg white broccoli skillet and it was delicious. My husband had a special that was deconstructed eggs Benedict that was equally tasty! Not only was the food good it fresh and healthy. Also got to meet the owner who was friendly, funny and gracious :-) I will definitely go back. I look forward to trying lunch and supporting a local business!
5	Most amazing brunch loved the vibe and the cool staff.  It was so welcoming new favorite place
5	I was looking breakfast and found this place on yelp. Glad I did it was really good I have the avocado skillet, grilled cheese and apple donuts. All was very good!!
4	Whether you find yourself exploring downtown or reporting for jury duty (like I was), this place offers quick service and is located within walking distance of Regional Justice Center and caddycorner to City Hall. The service was fast enough that I was in and out and back at my jury seat withing the alotted hour.I had the hangover burger which is a delicious mess of a burger and so yummy (Not for dieters) They also have super yummy crispy skinny cut fries. All of their food looked great.This place is small and fills up fast, but turn around was pretty quick. You can also place orders to-go. They also have counter top seating.Etch-a-Sketch's are available to distract yourself or the kiddos.
5	My second visit won me over! They have flavored lattes and koolaid. The mini donuts are insanely fresh and delicious. And the Hangover burger hit the spot just how a burger should. The egg was cooked to perfection and the yolk ran over the meat and bacon perfectly. I love that you can go all out and eat healthy, or go all out and get fried chicken and koolaid! The service this time was far from mediocre as I mentioned in my first review. We were treated great and even given a free parking validation slip by the hostess. They offer a salad that is made different each week depending on what the local farmers market has. And they didn't mind giving me a side salad instead of fries with my burger. The beet vingerette was unique and flavorful. But the fries are a safe bet because I snuck a couple of those too. Overall a great, unusual, addition to downtown and I am glad I gave them a second chance.
5	This place is a great place to start your morning . . . unless you are hung over and don't want to be greeted by the bright sunshine of morning . . . the floor to ceiling window bring in lots of sunshine and really make this place sparkle.Oh the food . . . I had the "Kentucky Fried Chicken" with fresh, and I mean fresh squeezed orange juice . . . the food came quick and hot . . . the chicken was crispy and juicy . . . the hashbrowns were good, would have liked then a little crispier.The only thing wrong . . . and it had nothing to do with the restaurant . . . the pay stations at the parking garage were not working . . . and it took an extra 45 minutes trying to get on with the rest of our day.I will be back . . . I just need to find a different place to park.
5	This is a great breakfast/brunch option if you are near the downtown area.  The prices are moderate, but the quality and portions justify the cost. The interior is spacious, modern and open. I didn't feel like like I was elbow to elbow with other patrons. I guess traveling to places where real estate is much more expensive and most restaurants are tiny and claustrophobic has made me appreciate the spaciousness of many restaurants locally.  I had the hen house wrap with fries and the red juice. The juice was excellent with a unique flavor inspired by beets, carrots and red pepper. The hen house wrap was a simple chicken wrap that was surprisingly flavorful.  The husband had a plate full of breakfast foods consisting of turkey bacon, hash browns, eggs and spam. Everything was fresh and prepared as requested. The service was attentive without being overbearing. I will be back to sample more of their delicious menu.
5	Easily top 3 breakfast spot in Las Vegas. Incredible service, food, and style. I would give 6 stars if the Benedict was on the menu.
4	Decided to take the short walk from my hotel to check this place out and I'm glad I did. It's cozy (you can see the kitchen staff and give them a thumbs up a after your first bite no matter where you're sitting) with lots of natural light. Generous portions and moderately priced. Has a very Ann Arbor vibe. Coffee was good but not memorable. Ordered the KFC which was tasty and potentially outstanding hangover food (I was sober at the time, mostly) but still light enough to leave room for the Fried Apple Rings which was the real star of the meal in my opinion and the must have item between the two. Worth checking out if you're downtown.
5	I was pleasantly surprised by this place! The food was excellent, I had the hangover burger with an egg, A-MAZING. And the donuts were delightful as well. I really like the look of the place too, really modern. Park in the garage, they'll validate the parking for you in the restaurant. Definitely recommend it.
5	The hangover burger was the. best. burger. I've ever had. I also tried the green juice=for hipsters but good none the less. My 3 year old kept calling my green juice "poop." So there's her review. Haha! My daughter got the kid pancakes, they were delish, and the fruit cup it came with was amazing. Strawberries, blackberries, blueberries, apples, and bananas. This place is worth going out of your way to visit. Just beware of the hours-open til 2 or 3.
2	After a delicious first time in, I happily brought my elderly friends in to try the food. The food was great. The only problem was the staff. Our server Fred had no intuition or common sense. When we asked him for extra napkins, he brought 1 (1!) napkin. He forgot to get my toddler a drink and when he remembered he brought it in an enormous glass cup. Toddlers are fantastic with large full cups. After our food was delivered he checked on us (duly noted, points given) then disappeared for 45 minutes. I had to ask another server for our check, and she seemed so annoyed that we dared to bother her. As for Fred, he was too busy flirting to pay attention to his tables. I hope he got some numbers. I understand that hiring a young waitstaff is exciting because they are cute & nice to be around. They can also be inexperienced. That inexperience can come off as arrogance and hurt your business. I'll be back, when I do my hair & makeup so I can keep my server's attention, but I won't be bringing my friends or family.
5	Such a great experience we had here for breakfast. I was so tired of casino food and the Fremont area and needed a solid (hungover) meal. This hit the spot!! Ate here 3 days in a row and loved everything about it.
5	The food was excellent and the staff was amazing! The chef sent me out a taster of their clam chowder special that day and it was one of the best chowders I've ever tasted. I also loved all the artwork and atmosphere of the restaurant. I will definitely return with friends or family (: (:
5	Great place for breakfast, I have decided to try everything on the menu as I continue to come back.  My favorite is the avocado skillet, and the carrot and coconut pancakes.  I know it sounds strange but it works very well, what amazing taste.  This place is a "Must Try".
5	I took my girlfriend here, and the service I received was absolutely flawless! I can't express that enough down to the hostesses and the food I had received, the hangover burger blew my mind and it is what I would recommend to anyone that enjoys food !!I return shortly !!!
3	Food is good. Service is not so good. If you're already in the area its a good option, but I wouldn't go out of my way.
4	I came to Vegas with my BFF and wanted some good breakfast. So I went on yelp and found this place. The location is off the strip which I liked and parking was easy. The place felt cozy and as if we were in nor cal at a health nut place. But actually it was the opposite to healthy. The food was good and well priced. Not too big on the donuts they sell. They were hard and tasted like cardboard.. But on the other hand juice was on point, coffee was good. Me and the "BFF"will come back again or I will when I'm in the area..
5	Great sandwiches! I got the Reuben - it was really tasty.  It would have been fantastic if it were sliced thinner because it was really tough to bite through. Friends got the turkey melt and the bob.  Both said they were really good.  The pickles are awesome!!!
5	Amazing!! My gals and I came here twice in 48 hours. Great, fresh food. Huge cups of coffee, attentive cheerful service and we voted- cutest chef and owner in Vegas!Highly recommend. We will be back.
5	I had my typical experience when I try to go to a new area: made a wrong turn, then realized that parking isn't free (a definite pet peeve). Then the food seemed to take a long time before it came out. I started wondering if the favorable reviews are flukes. In the end, I'm happy that I came. Everything that others have stated about the food--higher price, but higher quality and portions, are entirely true. The menu is full of interesting, but not necessarily always healthier, twists to typical comfort food. I had the "Kentucky Fried Chicken." Boy was it good! High quality meat, gravy goodness, egg on top. Winner!  The fresh juices were pretty good too.  We tried both between our threesome.Open windows with grand views of City Hall--sexyPosh interior with available plugs to recharge in the booths--sexy$3 parking, even with $1.50 off validation--not sexy, but acceptableGreat quality comfort food--awesomeOther than the parking cost, the only downer is that I feel like I need a nap after devouring my plate. Good thing I'm going shopping at the outlets nearby afterwards. I will be back. Heck, I wish there was one of these near my neighborhood!
5	Great food the decor is modern retro and the service friendly and welcoming! The special of the day was amazing!
4	Good breakfast, mash browns are the bomb. Good coffee, great bread. Great ambience, variety of breakfast meat in the MTO was plentiful. Find them before everybody else does, and everybody else will!
5	I randomly came here and it was quite amazing.  The atmosphere that this place gives off is very inviting.  With places like this, it makes it nice to go to the MTO.  The food was really amazing I had the Turkey Melt and it was quite exquisite, the ingredients in the Melt tasted really fresh and delicious where I also tried the Fat Elvis and it was greasy and delicious.  I also tried the Apple Doughnuts thing which was interesting because it was basically a healthy doughnut.  The one main thing that I really liked was how fast the food came out as well as the service you receive from people.
4	Very friendly, welcoming place - both wait staff and owners! Was looking for a good breakfast place away from the Strip and we found it. Berry waffles for me, and omelet for the husband. Good coffee too.
5	The food is great! We ordered a wide varitey of food.  The staff is very friendly and there is a great ambiance.  Plus, you can't beat $15 bottomless mimosas!
5	Tried the chicken n' waffles.  Nom nom!  Vegan pancakes on point. Oh. Do. Not. Forget!  get the fried apple rings. Jesssus!  It's worth the weight gain here
5	Once again meeting a colleague for breakfast taking in consideration her healthy lifestyle I chose to schedule her here :) with that said this time I ordered the waffle with berries (12) and a side oh hash brown (2) Loved it! The waffle was pretty well portioned that I couldn't even finish it, it was fluffy and full of flavor :p the cream and berries complemented the waffle soo well it was even too pretty to eat!.. Loved what they did to those hash brown! Hands down it's very good! Must try it on your next visit! Love this place
5	Located in an older part of LV that is being revitalized. The decor is tasteful and upbeat. Service is very good. Food is great! Visiting from out of town, our family of five brunched at MTO on Easter Sunday. They take reservations for large parties; I should have checked that in advance. So we had a bit of a wait, but it was totally worth it!Portions are huge. We ordered 3 meals for the five of us (three teenagers and two parents). The Lemon Poppy Pancakes with the Blueberry Ginger sauce was amazing ($11)! My husband happily found a vegan, gluten-free carrot/coconut pancake option that was delicious ($11). My two teenage carnivores split a three-eggs, chicken sausage, sour dough toast meal ($14). (Again, the portions are huge!) The diner coffee was delicious. They even had soy milk for the vegans. The fresh squeezed OJ was refreshing. Each beverage was $3.I would definitely go again when in the area. Plenty of paid street parking nearby.
5	Gave this place a try after seeing the other positive Yelp reviews. The good looking photos of the food and interior didn't hurt either. It's always nice when a new restaurant feels like it could be from almost any urban city. I must say, it feels much nicer in person than the photos suggest. Mainly because of the 14 foot ceilings and the floor to ceiling windows that look out onto the new City Hall. This is a breakfast to lunch place so they close at 2:00 PM on weekdays. We arrived at 1:00 PM on a Tuesday and completely missed the crowds. We were promptly greeted, seated and had out drink orders taken by the enthusiastic waitstaff. Tried to order the Chocolate Chip Cookies with Whole Milk and the Strawberry Cheese Cake, but they had sold out. We did split the Ruben and an order of the Honey Donuts. They were both great. Another pleasant surprise, they serve decent coffee! Personally I would prefer a cup of their coffee over a Starbucks, if only for a change. I am a fan. We will return to try out some other the other menu items that looked good.
5	If your in downtown Las Vegas make sure you stop by here for some amazing food! Went in this morning and got the hangover burger. Wow, one of the best burgers in town! Plus the waitress was really cute too! :)
5	I like it!  I got an brocolli egg white wrap.  I can appreciate the portion of the wrap.  It's hard to make a lot of egg whites taste good, and you guys manage to do so.  Turkey melt was also great.  Those skinny fries are addictive.Nice addition to downtown, well done.  Great place for a big cup of coffee and hearty food.
4	I love love love MTO!! The food is amazing and the atmosphere is delightful. The only complaint I have ever had is the lag on getting beverages and check backs. You have to pay for parking but they validate for half so it's like 75 cents. Totally worth it!!!
4	In the area for lunch, I was excited to finally get to try this much-hyped eatery. The interior is modern and open with lots of light and very cheerful decor. We were greeted quickly and given the chance to peruse the menus as our drink orders were taken. I was drawn to many of the menu items that were available, so it took a while to figure out what to order. My mom and I opted to share the Kentucky Fried chicken and eggs (gravy on the side) and grilled cheese with brie and honey with walnuts. The chicken was great. Lightly battered and not oily. I'm glad she chose to have the gravy served on the side since neither of us cared for it. It was a little too sweet for our taste we skipped it altogether. The hashed browns were great and the eggs were cooked well. I enjoyed the grilled cheese quite a bit. I had hoped for more crunch or char on the bread, but overall the tastes were all very complementary. A little more crunch to the bread would definitely have take this dish to the next level for me. Service was great and the vibe was just right. I didn't love the parking situation, but since most people who dine here likely work in the area and walk here, I don't see that being an issue for most.
4	What has taken me so long to check MTO out? Better late, than never.  MTO is clean, located near downtown, has a decent breakfast/brunch selection, and the cost is just about right.  What's on their menu? -Wraps, Omelets, Skillets-Pancakes and Waffles-Sandwiches and Burgers-Salads and Veggies-Desserts and TreatsI ended up playing it safe and got the MTO Breakfast for $14.00.  This came with 3 eggs, bacon, turkey bacon, chicken sausage, spam, mash browns, and your choice of bread.  I got mine with egg whites (additional $3 charge) and wheat.  So what's the verdict?  I got a satisfying, hearty breakfast, and at a great price.  Yes...you get a lot.  The egg whites were just your average fluffy egg whites, but everything else was well prepared and delicious.  I love their mash browns, which is a mix of mash potatoes and hash browns.  If you're a fan of both, then you'll love this hybrid. MTO's motto is "fresh comfort food".  Definitely fresh, definitely comfort food. There's so much that I still need to try and I can't wait for next time.  What's my plan?  Maybe a burger? Maybe their Chicken & Waffles?  Maybe a skillet? I guess I have to come back at least 2 more times to get my food on.  Peace Out!!
5	First time here...got the Hangover burger and a Kool-Aid.  Food was great , service was even better ....even though I showed up 2 mins before they closed.  Gonna be a regular for sure!
4	The music is too loud.Sorry, had to get that out of the way. I've been to MTO twice during my lunch breaks from work since it is so nicely close to my place of employment. It is certainly a nice place, with a vibrant color scheme and fun TV screens that display cute sayings and funny pictures. Food is scrumptious and varies between fatty and healthy. You can find a mix of ingredients, interesting and quirky, while also on the menu, you have traditional items to please the crowds. Last time I was here I had the FAT ELVIS. I couldn't help myself, french toast with bacon, strawberries, blueberries, bananas, peanut butter, and nutella, served with maple syrup. COME ON, even if you don't want it, you have to be interested, right? It was a heaping portion, for $13 and I only ate half. The mix of flavors is decent, french toast was done right, fluffy, not mushy, nice char on the bread, but not over-powering. Bread used it perfect, big and much like Texas toast style. Fruits were fresh and helpful since the meal is so very filling. Peanut-butter and Nutella flavors go well with the banana, but not so much the bacon in my opinion. I would opt to have the bacon on the side. I've also had the Hen House wrap here, and I believe it's better than the Fat Elvis. Wrap was not mushy or dry. Lettuce was crispy and fresh. Chicken was grilled well and honestly, probably one of the better wraps I've had in my existence of eating wraps. And I don't regularly consume them. Coffee is also good and comes in a nice, large cup.Bonus - they have PINK lemonade on their menu. Yes, I ordered it. Yes, it was good. Overall return factor very likely. Recommended for breakfast and lunch.
5	Best breakfast in Vegas. Kentucky Fried Chicken with the mash browns was off the charts.  Don't miss this place!
5	As an expert in good fried chicken, I was compelled to try the Kentucky Fried Chicken. On top of a mash brown and topped with an over easy egg, the chicken was the tastiest that I have had in a long time. This restaurant is the place to be. Wonderful food!
2	Long wait on a Sunday. Food wasn't what we expected. The French onion soup was slimy and tasted more like wine than anything. The tomato soup was really thick and tasted like spaghetti -o's. Water was from the tap. The French fries were cold and tasted old. Maybe we ordered the wrong thing but no one liked their food. We ordered the fat Elvis, Turkey melt, Turkey burger. It was expensive and not worth it.
3	Talk about an interesting location. This restaurant is in the parking garage for the city of Las Vegas. The service was really good the menu is kind of plain.  They have a few breakfast items and a few lunch items.  I had an omelette and it wasn't anything great but it wasn't bad.  It was slightly pricey for what you got.  I wouldn't say no to this place but I don't think you want to go here a lot.
3	The parking here is a pain, I drove around for at least 10 minutes looking for a spot. I was annoyed before I even sat down. This restaurant has a funky vibe and all the employees are friendly and seem to be enjoying their job. I ordered the hen house wrap with a side of fruit. The oven roasted tomatoes were a nice change from just basic sliced tomatoes. There was a tad too much lettuce but overall the flavors worked well together. The fruit was better than most sides of fruit. Each piece of fruit actually tasted like the fruit and there was not one fruit such as pineapple overpowering all the other fruits.  The person I dined with ordered the queso carne without velveeta cheese. She said it needed a sauce and was expecting it to be thinly sliced instead of cubed meat. The sandwich was supposed to have drunken onions and there were literally three small pieces that blended in with the meat. The sandwich was tasteless until she asked for a side of the chipotle aioli.I will be back because it's close to my house and all the food seems to be freshly prepared.
5	Tastiest breakfast I've had in Las Vegas. Really pleasant staff and a nice space too. Well worth a visit.
5	New fan favorite!!  We love this place. The food is fantastic. The "Kentucky Fried Chicken" is amazing. My husband devoured the Reuben.  We have been few a couple of times and love the energy here!  Sounds like they will have a new location in Summerlin Centre. This place feels "local". We met Mike, the manager, on our first trip in. Great guy that has a great staff. Next time we walked in, they totally remembered who we were.  That's a great talent to have, especially in a city like Las Vegas, where people are in and out all the time.
2	Slow service.  I got my wrong order. Our bottomless mimosas were soo slow. Though I have to say the food was good.
5	The turkey melt was DELICIOUS! I added grilled onions... So good!!! I got a salad instead of fries, and while it was really fresh and tasty, after I saw someone get the fries I was bummed out that I made the healthy choice! They were thin and crispy... I was very tempted to order a side. This place was so good I plan on going back before I leave Vegas... I have to try the Philly.. and the fries!
5	The scene wasn't really my style and the mimosas were pretty expensive but my waitress was made everything worth it! (Carrie)  . Anytime I'm in Vegas I will def. come back just to see her pretty smile!!!!
5	This hipster brunch spot looked a little iffy outside but I definitely recommend going inside. The hangover burger is out of this world and our waitress was the best. Cary or Carrie (not sure how you spell it) just made my day. She is so sweet and super real. I will definitely stop by anytime I'm in Vegas. I felt like a hungover piece of crap this morning but Carrie and bottomless mimosas just turned that around. Might not be my scene but I appreciate the awesomeness this place throws at you.
5	Great atmosphere, good food and very friendly staff. Local hangout. The Manager, mike is super nice and professional! Really enjoyed our breakfast here and we will definitely be back next time we are in Vegas!
5	I went with my family, there were a lot of us and they were very accommodating. Our food came out fast and it was delicious. I had the avocado omelette - really tasty. I also had a bite of the vegan carrot and coconut pancakes- really good! Highly recommend MTO!
5	Most def my new favorite breakfast joint great times good service and AMAZING FOOD I will recommend people to come here and I will b back over and over again to try everything on the menu! Thanks Mike Estrella for everything definitely come back again
1	Something has happened to MTO. The service is not up to par, with wait staff rolling their eyes when you ask a question, or like today when my ketchup bottle was taken away when I was still using it. The manager promised to wipe down the table and bring us utensils, which didn't happen until after our food arrived. And what's up with Kool-Aid? It's a fun drink and yet they never have any. Lots of excuses about why they never have it, but no one ever seems to figure out how to stock it. This is probably my key point: systems seem in short supply at MTO. As for the food, today I ordered the Vegan Falafel, which came in a wrap. Flavorful falafel strips with lettuce, tomato and a vinegrette dressing. It made a good salad when the wrap fell apart with the first bite. I planned to take the leftovers with me. I changed my mind when my go box was a thin paper box with no foil or wax paper to keep it from leaking. I just left the box and the remainder of the meal; too risky to return to work with leaking vinegrette. Finally, my waitress couldn't work the register. Again, systems, training, and a better go box, would improve the experience.
2	I haven't even tried the food. I came for brunch in April with my dog because it states on Yelp that this restaurant is pet friendly. However, the tables outside are in direct sunlight and the waitress informed me there were no umbrellas to provide shade. When I asked for a bowl of water, they didn't have one. So I left and went to Bar + Bistro at the Arts Factory where they have a very dog friendly covered patio and bottomless mimosas during Sunday brunch.Restaurants should NOT advertise that they allow dogs if they're not willing to make basic accommodations.
2	Dont waste your time. Party of 3 on 6/1/2014 1030am. Parking $2.25 the payment machine was BROKEN dont STRESS the exit pay machine also takes credit cards. The only reason this is a 2 star and not a 1 is due to the fact that the front desk hostess young girl was on point. * AVOCADO Omelet - TERRIBLE! Why? The Avocados hard as a rock. The Asian male Supervisor stopped by our table asked hows the food? I said taste the rock hard avocado.  He said no thanks are you finished? As he laughed and smiled. My Thai wife was stunned. * Tap Water is nasty - Chlorine - Asked for 1 water for some reason 2 waters arrived at our table. Hey LAKE MEAD is almost empty slow down on the water wasting MTO waitress. * Chicken and Waffles - nothing special. Best thing on the plate? Fries!  Here comes the bill aka check... Strange the 4 inch $ 11.00 AVOCADO Omelet still on the bill. I was stunned it wasnt removed by the Supervisor...I didnt want to wait for them to go thru the drama of removing the item so I just left a note on the TIP LINE.... SEE YELP!My wife was crushed she was hoping this place was going to be dreamy. Not a Kitchen Nightmare....  We will never go back...Waste of  time and money.  Parking drama... I approve this message J K KUHL...
4	Great food! A must have are the bacon dipper pancakes yummy! Service is good attentive and cool ambiance!
5	Great food with healthy options and not so healthy but do yummy options.  Great atmosphere with nice urban artwork and modern music. I didn't feel that the music was too loud. Good service: The waitresses greet you very nicely and are very personable. When it's busy, the waitresses can be not so attentive at times. However, the manager is very active and keeps it flowing. On a separate occasion, the manager comped my table some mini-donuts.
5	Been in Vegas for over 10 years. This was probably one of the best food experiences I've had living here. Thank you.
5	Breakfast was very good with hospitable service! I tried a scramble and it was very good! Can't wait to come back here & try more items on the menu! The Owners were very nice & both checked in on me during breakfast!
5	The moment we walked in we were greated with a smile by the hostess and welcomed us to MTO. We were promptly sat and our server Kerry was very knowledgeable of the menu and taking her time introducing the popular food items.  The items we chose were the melt and KFC, both were delish and the coffee was exceptional. Great job MTO for putting focus on service and quality to a great product. Will deff be back :)We're big supporters of small local businesses and want to make sure they succeed and create jobs for our local economy. ...and to those negative Nancy's out there, " if you dont have nothing nice to say dont say anything at all " your parents should have taught you that. Be courteous and talk to someone when you have a bad experience as opposed to bashing them via social media and give them the opportunity to address the issues.P.s...apple rings are the bomb.com
5	One of the best breakfast options in town! Huge portions (especially on the MTO breakfast & the Fat Elvis) and the chef brings a refined touch not usually found in breakfast fare. Sandwiches and burgers are great, too! Great food and a friendly staff make MTO a winner.
5	Thanks Ashley, Ben, Mike and all the kitchen stuff for making my daughters graduation brunch amazing!!!
5	Went with my mom and brother. The service was great both the manager and owner came to see us they were very friendly.  They made us some fresh cookies since they were out on the strawberry short cake. The cookies were "melt in your mouth" soft. We ordered a bowl of clam chowder and a Hangover burger. The clam chowder is to die for I would travel literally to the other side of town for the clam chowder soup. My brother had the hangover burger this burger was like a slice of home all in one burger for a local person this burger was like a loco move exactly but with a bun. We all will definitely come back.
5	My husband and I ate at MTO on 6/7/2014.  I had the Hero sandwich and my husband had the Kentucky Fried Chicken.  Both were excellent.The KFC had a subtle flavor in the gravy and when we asked the manager he said they add a little bit of cinnamon.  WOW great flavor.Definitely recommend this place.
3	Loved this place but the service was not so great. Our server basically disappeared on us once our food was delivered. We had to flag a different server down in order to pay our bill. However, food was really good. I had the Reuben which was awesome. Way too much food.  All menu items are LARGE portions.  I would go back if staying downtown. Hopefully their service will get better.
3	Cute little breakfast place downtown. It's got a parking garage right next to it so parking is pretty easy. It is 75 cents per half hour tho but that's given when you're in the downtown area. The ambiance is pretty neat. The glass windows allow the restaurant to be brightened up. They have $15 all you can drink mimosas. If I wasn't already hung over when I went here I would of taken advantage of that but instead I just got a water with lemon lol. I got a chicken skillet which I thought was pretty good. It had chicken sausage, eggs, potatoes, spinach & red peppers. It was the perfect amount to eat. Nieves D. got the Chicken in a waffle Which I thought was a cool idea. She did mention that the chicken lacked seasoning and flavor. But the fries that came with it was pretty good. They were nice and thin and crispy.I thought the food was good but if I was in the downtown area I'd prolly rush to Eat. for breakfast instead of coming here again.
4	Cute little breakfast spot Downtown. I had the carrot and coconut vegan pancakes. They were really delicious. My mom ordered the salmon skillet which was pretty darn good as well. The staff was very friendly and the orders came out quickly. It's right next to a parking garage so its a convenient location. I would definitely come back again and try other items.
4	Been here a few times, I get the burger with the fried egg on top and it's always been great. What I like about this place is that every time I go, they cater to my wife and her eating choices. Tho its not on the menu, they always make her a vegetarian sandwich and it makes her happy. Gotta love a place that serves coke products!!Also, if you choose to go here, be prepared to eat a meal in one of the loudest settings possible. I can't explain it, but this place gets amazingly loud with a combination of hipsters talking about wearing beanies in the summer or whatever they talk about, a large wait staff taking orders and a kitchen full of pots and pans crashing around. So don't expect to have a good conversation here.
5	I had the Avacado omelet style! It was amazing. The service was excellent and will definitely come here again!
4	Cute little place. Manager greeted us and was so nice and friendly. They had etch a sketches for the kids which was great to keep them entertained. Everyone enjoyed their food. Kids raved about the fries. The only down side was our waitress didn't Crack a smile and was not friendly. She looked like she wanted to b anywhere but there. If we are in the area again we would go back.
5	This place is absolutely amazing in every way.  I've visited here several times and always enjoy my food!  I've tried everything from the Queso Carne to the Mini Donuts.  Everything is fresh, delicious, and made with care.  The staff here is super friendly and truly make me feel like they enjoy coming in to work everyday.  I challenge you to go here, enjoy some Lemon Poppy Seed Pancakes served by their lovely staff and try...just try to not smile for the rest of the day in utter satisfaction and delight.   Trust me, you can't yelpers...you just can't.
5	The hash browns are TO DIE FOR! I loved this place. Everything was delish and also the service was great.
4	I was just there on Friday June 20,2014. I love the KFC for breakfast. The smashed mashed hash browns are great. The chicken crispy but moist. Our waitress was alittle un attentive ,but the manager & his father were gems. The place is a one of a kind & I wait to go there whenever I'm in Vegas. Their menu is nothing like anything close to us. I will definitely be back again.
5	My wife and I ate at MTO on  a Tuesday morning at 9 AM.  When we arrived, there was nobody else eating the restaurant, which is usually not a great sign the food is going to be good.  However, given the many positive reviews we read, we were willing to stick around and try this place out.  We are really glad we did.My wife and I each ordered the MTO breakfast which was priced at $14; kind of steep, right? No, not really.  When the food came out, it was a humongous portion of food.  You really have to be hungry finish your meal (which I did).  You get three eggs, 2 large links of sausage, 4 strips of pork bacon, 2 strips of turkey bacon, two pieces of spam fried crispy, 2 slices of toast, and a huge order of hash browns.  Again, a lot of food.  I have to say, this meal was great.  Everything was good; we were not disappointed.  If we lived in Las Vegas, we would visit often to try other items on their menu.  One baffling aspect of this restaurant is that they are only open 8 AM - 2 PM.  Perhaps this is because they are surrounded by the city court complex and city hall areas.  However, I think they could do a stiff happy hour business in the 4-7 PM time-frame.  They should really consider staying open later to boost their business.  I have no doubt they would be busy as their food and service is top-notch.
5	I don't usually notice service unless it is outstanding or terrible, but I couldn't shut up about how attentive and alert out waitress was. After a night of heavy La Bayou Yard-Long drinking, this hit the spot! The salmon skillet was on point, and the KFC chicken is a nice alternative to its greasy cousin, but I feel there is a lot more to the menu -- such as those delectable honey donuts.Portions were sized appropriately and you will not leave hungry or disappointed. Price was fair for the quality you receive. PS the beet juice (red juice) is THE BOMB - nourishment with every sip!
5	Wow! This place is fantastic!!!! Went here on a whim after the children's museum and so glad we did. This was one if the better restaurants I've been to in Las Vegas. My kids split the chicken and waffles. The chicken was perfectly cooked and the waffles were delicious. My wife had the Philly cheesesteak with fries and I had the Reuben. The reuben was the best I've ever had. BEST.EVER.SERIOUSLY. It was made with buffalo meat! Yum! Our table also split the apple rings and they were to die for! I don't know how long this place has been here but I hope it does well. I will be bringing all out of town guests here.
4	I was hesitant at first to come down just because I didn't want to deal with the parking situation down time. The parking garage was a plus, it was only $3 when we went, and the waitress did validate it for $1.50 off, another bonus. We had a group of 5, one being vegan, and she found plenty of items to order. I ended up splitting the Fat Elvis and the Fried Chicken & Waffles, I wasn't really into the Fat Elvis, but the Chicken & Waffles were fantastic, not the best I've had, but they were tasty. We also tried the donuts and fried apple rings. Both were good, not something I would order again.  There were a few other menu items I'd like to come back and try, the Quinoa Burger looks great. I'll be back when I find myself in need of a breakfast spot downtown, this is way better than eat.
2	There were several good options for breakfast when I checked Yelp for our visit to Vegas (we were staying off the main strip that morning). We decided on this one as it had good reviews and was closest to where we were at. We were quite disappointed. I feel like they were trying to be too creative and forgot some of the basics. I'm from the Bay Area and have been to plenty of trendy restaurants similar to this, but thought this fell flat. My wife got the Fat Elvis (bananas, nutella, and peanut butter stuffed between two large slices of french toast with strawberries on the side) and I got the chicken and waffles. We basically split the two plates to try them both. I like sweet breakfast foods, but the flavors of the Fat Elvis just didn't work for either of us. It may have been the combination of the nutella with peanut butter. Aside from that, the actual french toast was pretty lackluster. The waffle part of the chicken and waffles was bland--I can make much better waffles at home. The chicken was fine, but the sauce they used on top of the chicken wasn't that great. I've only had chicken and waffles one other time, and it was amazing there, so maybe the bar was set to high for me. The fries that came with the chicken and waffles were pretty good. We came in at an odd hour (about 10:40am), so we were the only ones there part of the time. The service was very friendly. But the two meals we got were ones recommended by the waitress, and we just were not fans of them.For the price (our meals were $13 each), I would have hoped for a lot better.
4	Off the strip but it's worth it the drive. Great customer service with hardy comfort food. Interesting twist on familiar dishes.
4	I love this trendy little spot. I love that they have an outlet at the table if you wanna bring your laptop and offer free WIFI.. We stopped in for breakfast on the 4th of July so it was pretty quiet. It's near city hall so I imagine during the weekday non holiday it's preeteh busy.  I had the vegan pancakes which were good and my husband had an omelet. The food was good and the service was as well. Didn't take long for us to get our food and it was hot and fresh when it arrived. I loved how it had that downtown feel and loved how personable the staff was with everyone. I'd really like to go back and try more options on the menu, not that I have many but the hubby does. I am just happy to have this as a choice, it gives me a  downtown  casual type place to eat. Its these little spots in Vegas that keep this local feeling normal.
5	Wow..... Were we surprised by this place. Finally a real downtown cafe!!!   We explore various new places to try around Las Vegas on a weekly basis....this week we tried out the MTO Cafe.....well let me tell you we will be back.We arrived early Sunday morning to find that we were the first ones for the day. We were greeted by Matt, one of the owners. He welcomed us and we sat down immediately. The place is  a mix of modern with a retro feel to it. Warm and inviting but very metro.  We were promptly greeted by our waitress and ordered our drinks....the red juice and green juice.  Both were cold and refreshing. The red juice was full of various fruits and vegetables such as beets and pomegranate.  I could have drank a whole pitcher. My partner loved the green juice. The menu for breakfast was short but still full of plenty of hearty choices to satisfy all. We were tempted by the various sweet donuts ( which we ordered to go eat later on .....they tasted sweet, with powered sugar and honey from Nevada . It was friggin fantastic!!!). We ordered our meals after speaking with Matt who suggested a few I dishes such as the Kentucky fried chicken, but as tempting as it sounded, we opted for the skillets. My partner had the broccoli with egg whites, cheddar cheese, mushrooms and I think sun dried tomatoes.  The eggs were fluffy and full of flavor. The cheese  was gooey and colorful. I ordered the chicken skillet with eggs, sun dried tomatoes, spinach and turkey sausage. It was just as delicious as my partner's dish. Both were served in a timely manner. Our drinks were refilled and our waitress made sure we were ok a few times. The atmosphere was full of music but we were able to have conversation without shouting. We will gladly return to try out the lunch menu.
4	The food was great! Went to play catch up with old friends and... To my happy surprise... They have vegan options! The red juice was amazing and the quinoa was unique and had a great texture. My friend ordered the carrot coconut pancakes and I stole a bite... Delicious! The mimosa... Way too much orange juice... Need more champagne and less oj, however the juice did taste fresh which was a plus.We parked in the garage. Hate paying for parking but, it was worth it. The service was on point and the food came out in a timely manner... It also came out hot. It wasn't very expensive and we loved the ambiance.
4	great food but restaurant itself is a little small.
4	I've been here twice and I really like this place. The food is good and fresh. Last time I had the lemon poppyseed pancakes with blueberry compote, and it was the best pancake breakfast I have ever had! Yesterday I had the grilled cheese with salad. The sandwich was grilled perfectly but I didn't really care for the type of cheese, just my personal preference. My friend had the turkey melt with fries and it was perfect. The portions here are really large, we've had to take half home every time. The cafe is only open until 2pm, and if you get there between 12 and 1 you will have to wait. The hostess was very nice and attentive, our server the first time was great but the second time (different server) a little brusque and impatient. No biggie, everyone has a bad day sometimes. Both time a managerial type came by to check on us. Beware if you have a hearing problem, the music is really loud and you will get that annoying echo because it is all hard surfaces in there. This is really the only reason I didn't give it 5 stars. All in all a good breakfast/lunch experience. I like to support local businesses and will be back.
5	Wow! What a treasure.  Came here after visiting Pawnstars on a Sunday morning with my husband, brother, sister-in law, daughter and her husband.  Everyone loved their food. I had the red juice and lemon poppyseed pancakes and tasted the hangover burger.  All were delicious!
5	So far I have only ordered delivery but it has been AMAZING!  The mash browns are addictive and everything has been so fresh and delicious.
4	Quite possibly the French Onion soup I've ever had!.... Ruben was less to be desired...Bread to meat ratio is very bad
2	Food was good. But service was very poor. We did have a big party and delays are expected (over an hour for the food). But when the bill came we were told the check could not have been split. So we spent 15 minutes figuring out what everyone owes. In my opinion I believe it's because of the 20% auto Grat. I might try it again, but this first experience left a bad taste in my mouth (pardon the pun).
1	Waited over and hour for our food our waitress never came near our table after taking our orders. We attempted to wave her down to find out why two tables who had only been seated 15 minutes already received their food and we had been there over an hour and nothing (keep in mind there were only two of us). After watching everyone around us come and go and waiting another 10 - 15 minutes we finally decided to just leave. We walked past our waitress on the way out and she said nothing. I give them one star because zero isn't an option which really sucks because we were extremely stoked to try this place :(
5	Their pancakes are amazing!!!!  The hangover burger was great and the treehugger was interesting and delicious.  I love that they have a kids menu as well.  This is a great place to eat downtown.
5	I LOVE MTO!!! I work downtown at Moveline and Ive literally had them deliver the same Vegan Falafel to me for the past 3 months. I love it! & I love their GM! Their customer service is really what sets them aside from most restaurants down here. They build connections with people and really aim to please, which is what its about, if the customer is happy, business is happy. I am anxious for the new location to open up in Summerlin soon, MTO has really become my favorite place to eat and being Vegan with many options to choose from its rare to have a place you dont mind eating at 4 times a week! They are making me go broke! lol, all in all, I am a permanent customer. Keep on doing what youre doing
4	This cafe had great food, along with friendly service. The best part was the kid meals. My daughter ordered chicken tenders and fruit. For just $7 she got actual chicken (not your typical frozen sticks) and a legit bowl of fruit. The fruit bowl had apples, bananas, and berries. My only gripe is all the food was too saucy. Being comfort food though some might like that. Overall I will go back!
5	We trusted y'all yelpers, and you did not let us down!!!!Poppyseed pancakes the best pancakes EVER!!!!The MASHBROWNS!!!! GOTTA HAVE THE MASHBROWNS!!!
4	Been here twice now: lunch on a weekday and brunch on a Saturday. There was no wait for a table either time and parking is very convenient in the garage connected to the restaurant. They even validate parking! ($1.50 off, so you might end up paying 75 cents for an average length brunch)The place is bright, inviting, and clean. The food is hit or miss. Drinks: The coffee is delicious and bottomless mimosa deal is killer at $15. Between their two vegetable/fruit juices, I liked the green juice more than the red. The flavor of the green juice is more citrusy and refreshing. Treats: The apple rings are tastier than the donuts. Apple rings are perfectly fluffy with tender apples inside, but the donuts are dense, dry, and lack flavor. More like biscuits than donuts.Lunch menu: I wasn't crazy about the Hero sandwich, but the Caesar wrap was pretty good and the fries are awesome. Brunch menu: We tried the waffle with berries and chicken MTO omelette. I wish the omelette had been served with a side of something more interesting than just plain raw spinach and Roma tomato slices. Both items were pretty good, but not outstanding.I would go back to try the vegan carrot pecan pancakes and to have the apple rings again! It's a very pleasant place for a leisurely brunch without a long wait time at 11:30 on a Saturday.
3	I've heard so many good things about the MTO cafe but just haven't had enough time to go and check the place out in person. So for lunch I went ahead and ordered delivery through Yelp. They took about an hour to deliver my food. I don't mind, its delivery. Though I should have ordered a lot sooner if I knew the wait time.Since it was my first time eating here, I went ahead and ordered a good amount of food. For starters, I ordered the tomato basil soup. Let me tell you it was pretty amazing. The flavors were just right and the didn't taste like too much tomato. I wasn't too happy about the grilled cheese that came with it though, but I got two servings of soup rather than one so I guess that makes up for it. I saved the other bowl for dinner. I then had the vegan falafel wrap. The falafel met expectations, though the wrap in general could have had a little bit more flavor. It was pretty dry. The box that it came in had a small side salad which I was pretty excited for after the dryness of the wrap. I looked down and my dressing spilled all inside the box. Didn't look as appetizing as I was hoping. To pair these two items I went ahead and got the red juice. Pretty delicious but a small serving for only $5.To finish off my meal I had there apple rings. They were very tasty and reminded me of the ones that my mom used to make. The only problem that I had with this was my sauce, again, spilled all over the box so I couldn't enjoy the sauce as much as I would have loved to.All in all it was a pretty alright meal. The delivery time was okay. The food was ok. The presentation, not so well.  For now, I will give this place 3 stars. I didn't experience any service nor do I know the ambience of the place. I will keep an open mind to my second visit there, where I will actually go to the cafe. Who knows when that will be. Perhaps, even give this place the five stars that everyone raves about.I do have a tip for the cafe. Either make sure the sauces are fully clothed, or cater wrap the sauces so they don't open. Like you did with the juice.
4	The really do mean comfort food. Heavy large portions. Pretty setup and good, but my mood didn't match the gravity of the food. Not in a rush to come back. Fresh squeezed juice was quite good.
3	Came here with my family this morning,  family of 10. We were seated right away. We walked over from the Golden Nugget, it was about 3 blocks away. The food was OK nothing out of this world.  The pancake bacon dippers were alright,  the pancakes were too thick and slightly over priced 11$ for 4pcs. Everything seemed to be a la carte,  except for the burgers which included fries.  The service was good, one of the owners was there and made sure we were taken care of. I wasn't too crazy about the food, all my family pretty much agreed.
5	I had the salmon skillet and my daughter had the turkey melt. We both finished every single bit of food! We shared one of the lemon poppy seed pancakes, and we loved it too. The atmosphere is relaxed. It somehow made me feel like part of a community - maybe due to the table layout, but I enjoyed that because that's not something I ever feel in a restaurant. This'll be a new hangout of mine for sure.
5	Food is great been here three times and tried something different everytime haven't been disappointed. Service is great and food is fresh.
4	Food was great and the atmosphere was very open and relaxed. I had The Bob which was great. I liked the fact that it was saucy and not dry at all. The french fries were my favorite part. They were crispy, fresh, and not oily at all. The ranch was also delicious. We were greeted right when we got in and they have parking in the garage for MTO specifically.The only thing that was a slight bummer was they couldn't split checks amongst 4 people they could only do it with 2 cards max! Not a big issue though, at least we know to carry cash for next time!
5	I've seen it whenever I've driven in and outta DTLV but, never thought to give it a chance til me and the BF had to kill some time before I started work.Unlike other cities, finding street parking for MTO (right next to City Hall in Downtown Vegas) was a breeze; and only $2 for 2 hours.We entered to a very cute interior, think modern diner. Turns out that BF knew the manager, Mike, and he seated us and intro'd us to the menu and what's really good (which is truly EVERYTHING). Considering it was just the two of us, we ordered quite a lot of things.Green juice, latte, black ice tea, salmon skillet, tomato basil soup, the Hangover burger, side of (chicken apple) sausage, and complimentary apple donuts.My salmon skillet was HUGE. I was not expecting it to be that big. Generous portions of lox on top cream cheese on a bed of fluffy dill scrambled eggs and potatoes. I don't normally eat scrambled egg but, this had to have been my favorite part of my meal.The BF's tomato basil soup came with grilled cheese and he was pleasantly surprised because he still had the burger and fries coming.I thought the tomato basil soup and grilled cheese on texas toast was the best I've had...I think much better than Nordstrom's infamous soup/grilled cheese combo! The toast alone was delicious and tasted better when I ate it later in the day. The soup wasn't too sweet or basil tasting as others tend to be, which I loved!THEN, the Hangover burger came out and it was deliciously huge, too. Who doesn't like it B.I.G.?!!!Fried egg on top of burgers can never go wrong. The bun(s) were toasted which added a little crunch to the burg. Fries were thin and not oily which is always amazing. It was, also, accompanied with buttered sandwich pickles, YUM.Apple donuts were a pleasant surprise, too. Mainly cause I was expecting a donut type of dough with apple flavors but, it's actually an apple ring with dough and cinnamon & maple syrup around it. Reminds me of a mini apple pie =)Overall, amazing experience and I'm surprised I was never here sooner. Excited to go back ASAP!!!!!
5	Great service! Mike the GM is very professional took care of us. Food is amazing!Definitely coming back!5++
5	My family and I recently visited Las Vegas for an end of summer get away.  Vegas as always was fun but the MTO Cafe was definitely one of the highlights!  The great food, great atmosphere, and super excellent service will make the MTO cafe a sure stop on our next trip.  We will be sure to let friends and family know!
4	Came here on the advice of some of my colleagues at work. They exclusively suggested the chicken sandwich or the hangover burger - they said I would not be disappointed.And they were right. I ordered then hangover burger - medium well - and received a fluffy soft bun, angus burger with bacon, a fried egg, and topped off with what seemed to be bread and butter pickles. The burger was cooked perfectly, and the condiments on the burger enhanced the flavor of the burger itself. The fries are shoestring style, and cooked to perfection. Now, I love the burger bar. Hubert Keller is my go-to guy for a perfect burger, but MTO seriously gives the burger bar a run for their money. I would definitely return to the MTO cafe. And at $14 it makes the burger bar look ridiculously overpriced. My only complaints is that the waitress refused to separate checks which can make eating out with colleagues for lunch difficult.
5	Great food. One of our friends wanted to down a pitcher of mimosas. "Well I'm not sure that's legal, but here's two cups."
4	Great wrap. I would return. This will probably be my new breakfast spot I take visitors.
5	This place is a must try in Vegas!  It's super close to the strip and tastes delicious. We got the lemon seed pancakes, Fat Elvis French toast, hash browns, eggs, and chicken sausage.  Everything was amazing!  You can taste the high quality in the food and it's uniqueness!  Definitely recommend to anyone who wants a good breakfast or lunch!  The customer service here is outstanding too, the hostess (we came on a Sunday morning at 12) was really energetic and friendly while the waiter, Ryan, was great at recommendations and fun to talk to!  Awesome experience with flavorful food!  Will be back for sure!
5	Don't sleep on the tomato basil soup!!! I've never had soup like this before. I left MTO about an hour ago and I keep thinking, "That soup!!!" Seriously, best soup ever!!! And it comes with a giant piece is sourdough and cheddar!Also, the owner and staff were very friendly and the atmosphere was fun!
5	It's only fitting that my 100th review is for a place that I'll probably never forget going to.  My buddies and I were on a guy's trip to Vegas and we were staying on Fremont Street.  We were struggling out of bed looking forward to a low key day after hitting it hard the night before so we took a walk over to MTO Cafe for breakfast.  It seems like it's in the middle of nowhere but when we got there the place was pretty full.  Luckily the bar was empty so the 7 of us took over and lined up the entire bar.  That's when we noticed the deal...  $15 for all you can drink Mimosas and Bloody Marys.  Done and Done!So we turned our low key day into a challenge to make our $15 worth its while and I would argue that we accomplished our goal.  In the meantime, I ordered an avocado omelet which blew my mind.  At one point during the meal, one of my friends challenged my other friend to chug a pitcher of mimosa for $40.  He accepted thinking the restaurant would never let him do it.  So the bartender went to ask the manager and his response was "well I don't think it's legal to give him a pitcher, but we could serve it in 2-20oz glasses".  Challenge accepted! My friend made it through one and a half glasses and won $20.  We proceeded to stay well past our welcome drinking more Mimosas and Bloody Marys and they somehow put up with us with a smile on their faces the entire time.  I would happily come back here the next time I'm in Vegas, which probably won't be too far away.
5	Saw good reviews for MTO on Yelp and a really reliable food blog (bite and switch), decided to give this place a try for breakfast, and am happy I did. For context and credibility...I'm new to Vegas and so far I've eaten at Eat for breakfast, Honey Salt for lunch, DW Bistro for lunch, Yanaka for dinner, Frank and Fina's Cocina for diner and these are all places I've enjoyed and would eat at again. I'm not a chain gal and would never say that Denny's and IHOP have delicious pancakes. With that said...MTO does make a great pancake. I had the lemon poppyseed pancakes with blueberry and ginger compote (ask for extra compote) and a cup of coffee. The pancakes werent too sweet or oily, almost a muffin consistency. Solid cup of coffee. This is a perfect breakfast in a "clean well-lighted place." The restaurant has a great vibe, a hip, but not pretentious decor, and Mike the owner is welcoming. I'll be back and would like to try out their lunch menu too.
4	I took my kids to experience MTO Cafe and once again... we weren't disappointed.  Not only was the food imaginative, it was just downright YUMMY.  X got the Fat Elvis.. what a dish.... French Toast with Nutella.... bananas, strawberries, black berries.. both generous AND fabulous! T got the Farmhouse wrap.... so healthy, tasty, and delicious, love the thought of a Caesar dressing on it instead of the usual Ranch.  Nice touch. I had the Falafal Wrap... Great choice.  Very tasty AND they brought me extra Tzitzaki sauce for my pleasure!!  The whole staff bends over backward to make the dining experience friendly, fast, and fabulous.This place has that hipster / Portland feel to it so it's like traveling and never leaving home!  Great music, too. Thanks MTO for making the "foodie" in me happy!!
5	I found MTO on eat24 when I was searching for something to eat for lunch while I was at work. They offered free delivery with a minimum $10 purchase (before tax). I researched them on yelp and found great reviews so I had to try them. I ordered the hangover burger and it was delicious. The burger is huge! Meat was seasoned good, fried egg dripped down my hand when I bit into it (good thing they gave me a nice thick napkin with fancy plastic silverware) and fries were hot and crispy. I had a coupon from eat24 for $2 off so the order came up to $12.05. LOTS of food for the price.
1	Went for lunch got seated at a micro table .since I am 6'6 I asked for a bigger table I was told I would have to wait fifteen minutes despite there being ample seating at the counter. I left and went to bronze cafe my go to spot downtown. Mto is possibly to hip for me.
4	I walked here from jury duty since I was hungry but felt like I deserved a treat. It was definitely worth the 6-minute walk from RJC and 12-minute walk back to my car.They were closing in an hour when I got here so I want sure why the hostess was hesitant to give me a table where I can charge my phone that was out of juice. No group of more than 4 people showed up the entire time I was there and there were sure more empty tables than the one my appetite and I occupied. I didn't get service until somebody saw my Grumpy Cat look on. They were apologetic about it and they tried to overcompensate by telling me they have a new employee and everyone was checking up on me every 5 minutes when I just shoved food in my mouth.I ordered a few items enough for 3 people. People who passed by stared at my food. One actually said, "wow, that's a lot of food!" I'm aware.Green Juice:Apples, cucumber, lemon, zucchini, green pepper, celery and baby spinach. This was pretty good. If you don't mind the taste of celery, you'd love this. 3.5/5Apple Rings:They look like doughnuts but it doesn't have a lot if dough at all. They're filled with apple rings drizzled with cinnamon glaze served piping hot. 5/5Fat Elvis:Thick French toast with peanut butter, bacon, bananas and Nutella inside and dusted with powdered sugar, with berries on the side. You'll feel extremely fat after a few bites but it's delicious so, you'll end up with mixed emotions of guilt and happiness. 4/5Broccoli:Egg white skillet with spinach, broccoli on top of potatoes. This was good but a bit oily. 4/5I would say my experience was 3.5 stars. But they actually give back to the community. They help Childhood Cancer/ Leukemia so, I'll give the extra half a star for that.
5	This was such as awesome find! Sometimes you just get tired of Hash House when in Vegas and crave something fresh and new! This was definitely fresh and new, at least for us! And, OMG this place has vegan pancakes!!! I don't think I've had any pancakes at any restaurant since I went off of dairy 10 years ago, so this was so exciting for me! and they were GOOD!In fact, everyone in our group was happy with their meals. It was a lot like Hash House, but with many healthier options. But there are still indulgent options for those whose diets were left at home. The portions are definitely comparable to Hash! Non of us could finish, I would probably share my plate the next time we go.  The location is great too, just a little bit North of the strip. It's worth it to venture off for a good meal!
2	I have eaten here many times and love the food but today's service was horrible! Hire more staff and smile ladies! I probably won't be back for a while.
5	Love love love this place.  I've been here several times for lunch because my office is nearby.  The food is always great.  A few items are a little difficult to eat (i.e. The Bob, the chicken slips all around and falls off the bread) but always great taste.Some unexpected items on the menu as well. "Kentucky Fried Chicken" looked great from the view I had of it on another table. Vegan Falafel is probably my favorite.  Warning though: this one doesn't travel well.  Tastes great in the restaurant but was pretty bad a few times we ordered it via Delivery. They do a nice job of creating new tastes.  For example, adding honey to the grilled cheese, genius and delicious!The atmosphere is also nice.  Up beat and fun but not too loud.Oh, and bottomless mimosas.  Everyday.  $15.
4	This is a surprisingly nice spot considering it is in a parking garage! It is just one of the oddest little places I know of, and it is pretty cool. The food is good, albeit a little high priced, but I think it is worth it. I have to say that the hangover burger was a tasty awesome mess of happy. Fried egg cooked just right with avocado on a perfectly spiced burger, just rocks. The atmosphere is very modern and trendy, designed extremely well. They have a bar that usually has spots open to muscle up and order. The staff is also modern and trendy, and have good service. My favorite thing is the coffee, it is really good and the cups are big. The price is not jacked up, either. With the price of the food where it is (lunch average $15-$20), you would expect $5+, but it's not, it's just a few bucks and they keep it coming.I will keep coming back for sure. My love for downtown Vegas continues to grow because I am surprised with something new on a regular basis, MTO is one of the reasons for it.
3	If you're that hungry.. order the MTO breakfast.My plate was about the size of a medium-sized pizza pan. I didn't even finish it.It was honestly ok, but not the best i've had considering that there was a lot to choose from. A feast for my eyes. I also ordered Mimosas and it was horrible. Not sure if the lady really knows how to make one, she keeps gradually adding more and more OJ like she's not sure what color it should be to stop.My mom seemed to like her philly cheese steak. Might be back to try other stuff.
5	coconut carrot pancakes are to die for! I couldn't believe it was vegan. It comes with a stack of 3 pancakes and the flavors are amazing together. I can't wait to go back!
5	This was my 1st time here. And I had a great experience.  Emily was my server and answered all my questions. And help me with the decision on getting a mto breakfast which was awesome.  Whoa! Thank you
5	Searched yelp for a close by breakfast place as we were leaving Vegas. Parking was easy (and cheap). Loved the check in special! Make sure to show the waitress, and receive a free, fresh cookie. It was super delicious! I ordered the turkey melt and my husband got the Philly cheesesteak. You can taste the time taken to make these foods. The sourdough bread was to die for. Also, I really like the shoe string fries the sandwiches come with. We also got 20% off for Active duty military.  Would definitely recommend this cafe to my friends. The atmosphere is casual and super friendly staff!
5	I went here a week ago with my family while we were visiting Las Vegas, and we actually found out about it on yelp while looking for a place for brunch before heading back to LA! Location - MTO Cafe is tucked in downtown Las Vegas away from the craziness and chaos of the strip. But if you are looking to gamble after a great meal, the cafe is only a few blocks down from the Gold Nugget and other DTLV locales. The cafe itself is simply decorate with a bight interior paint job and large wall art. The food - MTO had a decent sized menu, and everything on it sounded de-lish! I ended up getting the "broccoli" (egg whites, spinach, Tillamook cheddar, jalapeno, mushrooms) as an omelette (other options were a wrap or skillet) and it was AMAZING. I am in LOVE with breakfast foods and this was one of the best tasting and well-crafted omelettes that I've had, and it was just the perfect amount to boot! I also had their green juice which had the perfect mix of fruits and veggies so that it didn't taste like the "typical" green juice which is basically liquefied salad, hold the dressing. My other family members ordered the "avocado" (tomatillo sauce, red onions, cilantro, poblano peppers, jack cheese) and the "Kentucky fried chicken" (fried chicken with two eggs, mash browns, country gravy) and they were also equally amazing. To finish off our breakfast, we could not resist trying their mini donuts, and it was definitely worth it!Overall, if you're looking for a great place to eat that isn't a buffet or cost an arm and a leg to eat a delicious meal, this is the place to go to.
5	Really great food. The salmon omelet was amazing!!!! Will definitely come back again.
1	Don't order online - I place an order - was not only charged twice - after an hour and not receiving any food I called and they didnt even have an order in their system for me.  First and last time trying this place.
1	Love the food here if you can get it. Waited 15 minutes for a table - to be expected on a Sunday morning. Waited around an hour to get food- never came. Asked waiter to check on order. 5 minutes later still hadn't heard anything. Should have been offered a beer or something. Just sat and stared at my empty table with no explanation. Even though I like the food, probably won't return. Too many other options.
5	Cherylynn...possibly spelled wrong.. was the awesome server who brought us our amazing brunch. I had the kentucky fried chicken which was supurb. All the food items (poppy pancakes and quinoa salad) were plated beautifully and tasted even better than they looked. Overall the whole staff was above and beyond friendly, knowledgeable,  and warm and welcoming.  Ill be back
5	Sheralynn is the best! She possibly outshined the food (which was amazing). I'm not a big table service person, but she kept us happy!
5	Very good food 1st time there I will come back. The manager David was very attentive to us
5	Went for brunch. Sherolyn was our server. She was great.  She gave great suggestions for vegetarians. The tree hugger was amazing. Will definitely be back.
5	This place has a super cool atmosphere  and the food was incredible!! We ordered the MTO breakfast with a pancake. It was a perfect way to start our Saturday. This place is a little ways off the strip but definitely worth the drive!
5	Food was amazing and great outstanding service from all the team. General Manager really attentive. Definitely coming back!!!
3	Their dishes are pretty delicious and healthy for the most part; give or take an ingreient or two.  Great service.
5	This is the best place I've eaten in Las Vegas...the food is so tasty and fresh. The menu selection is so good -- everything looks amazing. I ended up with the poppyseed pancakes with blueberry-ginger compote. It was large enough for two meals and it was delicious. My friend got the vegan carrot-coconut pancakes so I got to try them too --- they were so fluffy and yummy too. I also ordered the green juice and it was so GOOD. I think the best I've had yet. The service was good. I wish there was a MTO's in Portland. My only regret is that I couldn't stay long enough in Vegas to try out the whole menu. If you are into fresh healthy and delicious and creative food, don't miss MTO.
5	Referred by the  concierge at the Aria.  Donna was our waitress and was great!  Had supper at Ramsey's Burgr last night and this was better.
2	Meh decent food, it really throws me off when my food isn't Hot, My wifes was on point heat wise but mine was obviously waiting on the side til her's was done, cold toast luke warm everything else witch means the cook has no timing witch means to me you don't take pride in what you do, The service was good though
5	Great breakfast place with bottomless mimosas! Sherolyn is a fantastic server--attentive, great stories, great attitude! Delicious waffles with berries!!! AND bottomless mimosas :)
5	Oh Goddamn. This place is the best place in Vegas for breakfast. Do you like alcohol? Check. Do you like good food? Check. Do you want to try the beautiful invention that is mash browns? Check. Do you like freedom? Gottdamn muthafuckin check. I can't even say how amazing the food is, but the bottomless mimosas flowing keep everything moving in the right direction. Sherolyn kept us going and was an awesome person. Tip your waitress 30%.
2	After reading the yelp reviews I couldn't wait to try this place.  A couple of friends and I went down and tried it out. The hostess was very sweet and personable. The decor and feel of the place was nice. Our server was very friendly and made some good recommendations.   We waited awhile for our food. The manager did comeBy at apologize. Then two of us got out breakfast. But my friend who is 8 months pregnant was still missing her food. They sent us some dessert. The food was just okay but the mimosas were good. To make things worse the server ran our credit cards on the wrong bill. So that took awhile to clear up. I may try to go back to see if my experience will be better. It felt like a bit of headache. We appreciated all their kindness but we were over it by the end of it.
3	MTO Cafe has outstanding vegetarian and vegan options, like the falafel wrap or the grilled cheese sandwich.  Great location, with decor that is warm, bright, and cheerful; but the service needs to match the decor.  Upon entry, it felt that the staff needed severe assistance with the "warm and fuzzies".  It's the simple things that can ruin an otherwise great dining experience.  Personally, if I choose to take the time to eat at your place, then take the time to make me feel welcome and care about the dining as a whole.
3	I thought this place was ok..not memorable..sorry.  I do like the decor and all though. I ordered the green juice which is nice since it was a healthy drink option for breakfast.  I also got the chicken apple skillet which was ok..not memorable.  I didn't care for the potatoes under the eggs and chicken...the potatoes reminded me of those potatoes you get at a Buffet at a hotel.The staff was friendly and attentive.  I don't think I'll be back unless they make a change to make their dish more memorable and different.
5	This place is excellent! The food was great, was a bit of a wait, we went at about 10 am and by the time we left it was packed and for good reason! I had the Kentucky Fried Chicken which was so good! the mashbrowns, gravy, and chicken were cooked to perfection. The coffee was smooth and had a great taste. The owner came by to ask how the food was and made us feel welcomed. I will come back and will definitely check out the Summerlin location!
4	The Ruben is the best thing ever, it's bison meat... very lean and tasty.  You've also gotta try the mash browns!  The lemon pancakes poppy seed pancakes with blueberry compote, not so good.  Very dry and not enough lemon flavor.  Very good service, on the spot with the bottomless mimosas.
5	Favorite new brunch place in dtlv! Loved the fresh green juice and fried Apple rings! My boyfriend had lemon blueberry pancakes which were delicious and full of flavor. The inside is bright and welcoming and the staff are all lovely. Everything came out perfectly timed and great, also a big fan of all the vegetarian options. There's something for everyone in this cute little place!
5	MTO is a great place for brunch in downtown Vegas!  It is definitely located off the beaten path but don't let that deter you.  The ambiance inside is really cool and modern.  Lots of windows and natural light pouring in which is pleasantly perfect for mid-morning brunch.We were a group of 5 and had to wait about 15 minutes for a table but we didn't mind.  We sat at a big high top by the window.  Our server was very friendly and spent some time joking with our table.  The lunch menu looks great as well!  - $15 bottomless mimosas or bloodys.  Not a bad deal but they are a little slow on the refills - egg dishes were great; you can order them as a wrap, skillet or omelette.  You just get some sliced tomatoes with the omelette which is a little unfortunate for the price- if you like pancakes, get the vegan carrott and coconut pancakes!  don't let the vegan part turn you off.  These were delish- mash hash - yum!  basically hash browns on top of mash potatoes.  Can't believe I've never thought of that one before.    - And don't forget the free chocolate chip cookie for checking in on yelp!  fresh out of the oven.
5	Yes! Must go! We had our best meal here at MTO on our recent anniversary trip to Vegas. Donna was one of THE BEST servers we have ever had! She made the meal. And of course the food was outstanding. We even got a sandwich to go for our drive home. We happened to be there on MTOs first anniversary...I sincerely wish this establishment all the best!
4	The restaurant was close to capacity this Sunday morning, but we were able to secure a table for 2 in the very chic dining room.  Chef/partner Johnny Church recently departed RX Boiler Room to open this restaurant that puts a spin on comfort food.   It has proven to be so popular that a 2nd location has or will soon be opening in Summerlin. My wife chose an order of lemon poppy seed pancakes with blueberry-ginger compote that no one short of Fat Albert could possibly finish in one sitting.  My avocado griddle -  eggs with tomatillo sauce, red onions, cilantro, poblano peppers and jack cheese over home fries was more than filling.  Hers was good, mine was nothing short of excellent.
5	Service was Great (Drink never got half way, and asked if everything was good at leat 6 times) Food (Hangover Burger) close to perfect, fries were delicious, and the house vinnegeratte dressing really livens up the salad! After this experience I will be a avid visitor.
4	Came for brunch, looked empty on the outside but was surprised to find that the place was full of people upon entering! I came on a Saturday about noon, I suggest to maybe come early. We were seated within 5 minutes so that was good. I ordered the salmon over hash with 2 eggs sunny side up. I was expecting a good amount of salmon but it was just 1 slice of lox. The meal was still yummy, tomatoes were amazingly seasoned. I had to order a side of bacon because the hash seemed Bare without any meat and that one piece of salmon. My boyfriend had the hangover burger and loved it! They offer an all you can drink option of mimosa and I think it was beer? Which is awesome. We didn't get it this time , maybe next time. Ambience is great, very modern. The staff was good too, very attentive, I think the manager also came to check on us and was helping the staff with serving food which is really nice to see. They offer healthy choices on menu too. Reasonably priced. Overall, I would come again and try their other entrees.
4	Have to preface the review with saying that I was on vacation. Sometimes this makes you think a place was better than it really was...or maybe vice versa.That said, this place definitely toppled me. I went in with a couple friends and my girlfriend after a rough Friday night. 15 dollar bottomless mimosas (which the server refilled, even after we overstayed our welcome...) and something they call "mash browns" which seem to be hash browns on a bed of mashed potatoes. Both crunchy and creamy (a combination I rarely enjoy) this unique side dish is what I remembered most about MTO. The decorations are cool, it's definitely a "hip" type of bar/brunch place. You're bound to overhear some goatee'd gladhander talk about his worthless sales job, or the blonde bombshell reminiscing about the night she can't remember. Comes with the territory. Would definitely, definitely eat here again. And drink. And talk. And eat again.I should mention they gave us free cookies too. Who does that?
5	A restaurant doesn't have to be absolutely perfect to get 5 stars. MTO Cafe is a great example of a place with very stellar elements of everything to make it a truly exceptional restaurant. The location is right across the street from LV City Hall. The atmosphere is retro classic. Food is absolutely superb(two words: Mash. Browns.) And do you like alcohol? How about a bottomless mimosa? Comfort food and a bar = my new favorite place. They're only open from 8am - 2pm, so get in early and enjoy the comforts of a relax environment and excellent food.And if you check in you get a free cookie!(Do it. The cookie is bomb)
4	Hella good. Fresh organic ingredients, and delicious flavors. I had the hen house, the fries were phenomenal. So good we came back twice in one Vegas trip.
5	I've been here a good half dozen times, and I'm very happy each time.  Staff is very friendly, there is usually no wait, easy to get to- there's a parking garage attached to it.  My Favorites:- The Philly- this is a lowbrow version, with velveeta cheese.  I like lowbrow food though, sometimes.  It has carmelized onions that are cooked in red wine which go well with the velveeta, somehow. - French Onion Soup- it's huge- it has shredded cheese on top of the melted cheese on top of the crouton.  I get a side caesar salad with this for $3.  So $10 total for HUGE soup and good sized side salad. - Lattes- Coffee or latte is only $3! Actually cheaper than Sbux!- Fried Apple Rings- doesn't need much explanation. Could Use Some Work:- Vinaigrette dressing is very bitter, I feel like it's 99% pure vinegar. Their ranch is great though, you can tell it's home made. Get that instead.  The vinaigrette will seriously melt your teeth.   - No appetizers on the menu! Only side dishes :(
5	Found this place via yelp! Cute atmosphere for brunch and the staff was very friendly and helpful. I had the KFC as recommended by our server. So glad I took his advice! It was delicious. I will definitely be back. Added bonus, if you check-in you get a free cookie! It was a nice added dessert with my coffee!
4	Great breakfast. We had the MTO breakfast and it was enough for 2 people. Everything was yummy...even the Spam! Yes, I said Spam. Don't knock it until you try it.
3	I want to so badly give this place 4 stars! I've been to this place a few times and every time I usually try something new. Each item Ive tried has always been tasty to say the least. However, since I live so close to MTO Cafe, I usually end up placing an order for delivery to get my fix. Prompt this delivery service it is, there is always something forgotten in the order i.e. Green drink, salad along with the chicken and waffles, a side mashbrowns, the list goes on. Nevertheless, it's always a very tasty, somewhat healthy, way to remedy my hangover, or simply stay home on the weekends for brunch. The second location just opened at the new summerlin mall, I will likely check out this location as well.
5	My husband and I came on sat morning. We had the red juice which was wonderful along with these big mugs of coffee.  My husband ordered the "Kentucky fried chicken" dish and I ordered the lemon poppyseed pancakes.  All I can say is AWESOME!  We also got an order of mini donuts with honey which was AWESOME as well!  I also must mention the mashed browns. I could just order those and eat those alone and be so happy!  I am already planning my next trip to this place!
4	A nice place great clam ..chowder. ..thank giving they were open until 230p I called 5 times between 12pm to 220pm no answer and went into voice mail 5 times.annoyingly and  un professional ..I had a few meals there always good .I was aware.. that managers seat to much and they are not on top of the services.they dont come aroud to the tables to talk to the. Patrons .people need tp feel well comed .5  stars for the food ..4 for the food server 0 for the mangers ...by the way all the times have been there good services good recomendations .
3	The food is decent but the service has been just ok every time i've been there.  The food isn't plated well but hey it's still good.  We do continue to go there once in awhile but not as often as some other place we regular.  One thing I must say is that they will validate your parking so take advantage of that.
5	So good. The KFC was great especially the mash browns.  I've been talking about them since I left. Possibly my favorite meal I had the whole time I was in Vegas.
5	Love this place!  High protein, healthy food.  I had the Mto Breakfast: three eggs any style chicken sausage (delicious ), turkey bacon, spam (yum!) and bacon, sourdough, mash browns (awesome! ).  A beast of a meal!  The entire menu is very original.  If your looking for a greasy spoon diner this is not it.  No Flo here!  Going to try the teriyaki turkey burger soon!  The downtown is on fire with new restaurants and this is one of the very best!
5	Great portions, small but on point menu. Definitely a return place. Chicken IN Waffles... Are you kidding me!
5	Went here this past weekend with my girlfriend.  Both of us had ordered the "MTO Breakfast".  Mine with egg whites and wheat bread, hers with sunny side up eggs and sourdough bread.  The portion was large and very tasty!  The water they have here tastes so crisp, and the green juice was good!  Service is good and there's street parking as well as a parking structure behind (which you have to pay for).The bathroom doors are cool too!
1	THE GOOD:-Walkable distance from most of the main downtown hotel casinos & just a block away from Bonneville Transit Center if you want to bus it from The Strip. -Interesting menu variety that has something for everyone. So much so that it makes you want to try everything on the menu.-Was not crowded on a weekday which was when I visited. Very odd for a place with such high review marks.-Server was very courteous and friendly.THE BAD:-While walkable if coming from the direction of The Plaza Hotel along Main Street, the neighborhood is very sketchy and does not feel safe even in broad daylight. And from what I can tell while riding on the SDX, even the walk from Bonneville Transit Center looks hazardous to pedestrians so you may have to walk a very long walk to avoid getting hit by cars.-I had the misfortunate experience of an apparent lost order where it was not "relayed" to the kitchen which could mean any number of things. Waiting 35 minutes for your meal to arrive can do a number of things to your imagination. Who screwed up? It sure sounded like the server blamed it on their computer system. What the heck does "relayed" mean? Does it mean it got punched into the system and the send button wasn't hit? Whatever. -The manager came by to apologize for the wait. Even asked me if there was something he can do for me. I'm not one to ask for anything complimentary so what can I do but shrug? Not a single piece of appeasement or discount was had or offered to make up for it so it made his apology sound insincere. Why are you asking me how to do your job? It only made me more angry and upset.THE UGLY:-In an attempt to bring everything out at once as suggested by my server, and to add insult to injury, my grilled cheese sandwich was cold. No ways would I wait another 30 minutes for them to make a new one. In hindsight I should have asked them to remove it from my bill.-An overall horribly disappointing experience. But don't let my obvious fluke and lapse in service stop you from trying this place out. I even posted pictures since it seems apparent every other reviewer loves this place. I'm just not one of them.
5	Absolutely love this place! I've been here a couple of times and it's definitely worth every calorie! They are very generous with their portions. Service is great, especially when I was there with a table with 20 people for work! My boss loved the ambience, great music selection! Definitely recommend this place to everyone! You have to visit at least once!!
5	A restaurant doesn't have to be absolutely perfect to get 5 stars. MTO Cafe is a great example of a place with very stellar elements of everything to make it a truly exceptional restaurant. The location is right across the street from LV City Hall. The atmosphere is retro classic. Food is absolutely superb(two words: Mash. Browns.) And do you like alcohol? How about a bottomless mimosa? Brunch food and a bar = my new favorite place. They're only open from 8am - 2pm, so get in early and enjoy the comforts of a relax environment and excellent food.And if you check in you get a free cookie!(Do it. The cookie is bomb)
4	Went there for brunch and the food was awesome. It's a small place and was very cute. The staff was very friendly and attentive. We did the bottomless mimosas and our glasses were never empty. There's a little bit of everything on the menu.
2	MTO is one of those places that everyone raves about.  All my friends are always telling me how great it is.  Even my husband had nothing but wonderful things to say about MTO.  Fast forward to my visit - Meh.  Just meh.The restaurant itself is beautiful and I really like the concept of farm fresh food cooked to order but with a slightly eclectic menu.  That's about where the good ends for me.  First of all, this place is in the so called 'arts' district of Las Vegas.  The area is up and coming but still has a lot of coming left to do.  I am no stranger to downtown - I work right off of Fremont, so I'm used to the re-gentrified-but-not-quite all the way there vibe.  It's kind of dicey & the parking situation is terrible.  We went on a not-so-busy morning & could not find street parking anywhere.  We had to park in the garage, which isn't that big of a deal.  I suppose in that area, your car would be safer in the garage anyhow.  The food was good.. not great.  I had a waffle and a side of bacon.  This is what really got me though - the waffle was the size of an Ego (you know, the frozen kind you can buy in your grocer's freezer section) and cost $9.  NINE DOLLARS.  For one waffle.  The bacon was an extra $3.  I'm no huge cheapskate - I'll shell out the $$ for a great meal - but for crying out loud... For $9, there should be at least two waffles & some powdered sugar on top.  My husband and the rest of our party enjoyed their salmon skillet breakfast dish very much, so I think this is a case of 'It really depends on what you order'.  Some dishes are obviously better than others.  I'm sure I'll give MTO another shot at some point.  I'll try something other than the waffle.
4	Bottomless mimosas for $15...and they are nice and strong! Bacon pancake dippers did not disappoint.    I'll definitely return.The only downside is you pay for parking .  $3 for the day and MTO validates for 1/2 of the charge.
5	Damn good breakfast. Good for kids too. The Ms's had the fried chicken with mash Browns. Gravy was out of this world. The apple cinnamon crisps are outstanding. Good ambiance. The service is excellent. It is why they are getting 5 stars. We had Ryan as our server. Very helpful. You can tell there is a respect for food and a real appreciation for the concept. Worth the trip - YES! Twice.
4	I tried the MTO Cafe for breakfast, The staff are quite friendly. On an average It takes around 10 mins of waiting to be seated. The place is cool and feels at home. The decor is simple and elegant. The Red juice was simply refreshing and brought in a full vibe of energy. The sandwiches and Wraps also taste good, we tried the "Kentucky Fried Chicken" and "The Hero". Loved them ! Good way to GOO !!Overall a good Experience !!
4	I've slowly been eating my way through MTO Cafe's menu. Lucky for me the menu is not large. Also lucky for me most everything served at MTO hits the spot, is tasty, and has been brought to me with good service.The cafe itself I enjoy most when there are only a few patrons and their music is not up too loud. I have been here a couple times and Ive been annoyed with the volume.Coffee here is a never fail. Period. Big cups. Good coffee. Plenty of refills.On my last visit I tried the lemon poppy seed pancakes with blueberry conpote with a side of chicken sausage. Chicken sausage is stellar. Always good, with a medely of slightly sweet spices and juicy with a slight snap. Have on the side. Have mixed in an omelet. Just have it.Pancakes were "eh". The flavor was not enough for me to appreciate them being a "lemon" pancake. Blueberry compote, while rich and thick was disappointing because it offered no sugar/sweet flavor to the dish. So all in all these pancakes were bland with a tart sauce on top of them. Pass.Still holding at 4 stars. I will be back for more!
4	Great little spot.  The food is good and most of the staff is very friendly.  The scrambles salmon wrap was delicious and their pancakes are pretty good as well.  Will definitely be coming back.
5	Such a cute cafe! Service was excellent. Kentucky fried chicken breakfast was excellent. Coffee was excellent... Husband had avocado omelet... And clam chowder with was also very good!!
4	Had a great experience here. staff was friendly and place was clean. Food was good for a cafe. MTO Fried Chicken Steaks special was good. Claim chowder was okay-won't order chowder again.  MTO Donuts was good but little pricey but it's good when it's nice & hot.  I would commend this place if you are looking for a nice sit down cafe.
4	The lack of genuine hospitality was missing for a top restaurant in Las Vegas, NV.There was no warmth or politeness shown by the manager at the restaurant reception area.
3	So sad and disappointing the 2nd time around.  The only reason I'm giving it 3 stars is because the first time I went it was a 5-star experience, but this time it was a 1-star experience.  Which was extra awful because I raved about it and brought my boss and co-worker... and then it sucked.The server told us they had sauvignon blanc and they didn't.  No biggie, but combined with the rest of the service, it showed a server with a complete lack of knowledge of food and alcohol.  We ordered the Celery Sucker wrap, tomato soup, and green juice, all of which was awesome the first time around.  Juice and soup were good, Celery Sucker was terrible.  It didn't look right to me, and tasted bland and plain, and halfway into it I realized they didn't include the baba ghanoush--the main component of the wrap.  This is the equivalent to leaving out the hamburger patty in a cheeseburger.  So we asked about it, and the server told us they were out of baba ghanoush.  So why didn't they tell us that before they brought us these crappy wraps??  She didn't ask to substitute something in for it, like avocado.  They just hoped we didn't notice that half the ingredients weren't in the icky wrap.  So not only did the wrap suck, but they hoped we were stupid--you can't do that in Vegas, too many foodies here.  The server didn't apologize or ask to bring us something else; she didn't do ANYTHING.  She didn't even smile the whole time we were there.  She came off as generally not bright... so maybe I can't blame her??  Regardless, it was TERRIBLE service.To top it all off, they'll validate your parking ticket, but the dumb bartender only validated part of it so we had to run 75 cents on a credit card because the machine doesn't take cash.  Awesome.Needless to say, my boss and coworker were not impressed.  Don't know if I'll be back... if it weren't for the first time I went to MTO (when the food and service was excellent), I wouldn't give it another chance.
