5	One of the best tools in my tool box!
5	I have been a customer of Jim's for a while and have had several readings. I can not suggest a better person for a reading. Over the years, I have been to many spiritual advisors for guidance, and not one of them can do for me what Jim has done. He has helped me through several difficult periods in my life. He was more that just an advisor...he did for me what I truly did not believe one person could ever do to anothers soul. He gave me hope and faith, and he did it with honesty. Even some of the stuff that he had told me...I didn't really quite grasp until it came up later in my life...but if it wasn't for him...I would have never made the right decisions. I can truly and honestly say that I am where I am at in my life...and a beautiful place I might say...all because of him. If it wasn't for him helping me and talking with me...I might have made some wrong decisions. He gave me clear insight on reality. Which is a blessing. And for anyone that is having a trying, painful, or difficult time in your life...Jim is where to go. He helped me see things in a different life. I don't know where I would be...or what road I might have taken if it wasn't for our sessions. Jim is not just a "consultant" or a "psychic" or "local business"...Jim is a blessing. And I thank him in my prayers everyday for what he has done for me and my life. I 100% recommend him to anyone and everyone.
5	I have been a client of Jim Ventura's for 18 years. Over the years I have received countless readings all of which were very accurate and uplifting. I have also hosted several "parties" where dozens of friends come over and schedule short readings in one afternoon. I cannot tell you how many times my friends would come out of their reading with huge smiles and exclaiming....."Wow, he is really good!" Each one of them would relate a story where Jim would reveal something to them that he had no way of knowing prior to meeting them, many of them shared that he spoke about things no one else but that person knew about.Jim is very positive in his approach. He always talks about the lessons and growth that occurs in life and I always walk away feeling very uplifted and optimistic about my future.  If you want some guidance about issues you are experiencing, Jim is the person to see. You will not be disappointed.
5	Jim's reading was amazing! I was blown away on how accurate his information was with out me telling him a word about myself or my life! I saw Jim a few months ago and everything he told me then was true and everything he said for my future has come true as well! I would recommend him to anyone! He is very friendly and truly has a gift!!! I am a customer for life now! Thanks Jim!Tracy
5	I went to see Jim today and had booked back to back appointments with my best friend. I was excited but did not have high expectations.  I went first and WOW!  Not only was Jim immediately accurate, but the entire reading was focused on the questions I needed answered (without telling him anything)  and the things both my heart and head needed to hear.  In addition to his phenomenal insight abilities, Jim is very authentic and genuine. I was immediately comfortable and felt like I was talking with an old friend. He is a perfect balance of humor and empathy with focused solutions.  I will absolutely be going back to see Jim and I will be recommending him to everyone. I'd like to add that my friend was blown away with her reading as well. We both came for very different reasons and left feeling excited and more at peace. He truly has a gift (many)  and I am grateful to have had the opportunity to receive a reading from him.
5	Jim first gave me a reading in 2000. I'll never forget how he intuitively saw that I would write several books that would be more like healing workbooks for people. I completed the first one a while back and started working on the next one. He was completely correct! I'm worked with Jim since then and value his supportive guidance and insights. Thanks, Jim!
5	I had my very first astrology reading with Jim, and it was quite a moving experience!  It took me deeper into my personal journey of self-exploration.  Through the reading, I was able to find clarity within myself and where I'm currently at in both my personal and professional life, and gaining ideas and inspirations on how I can further expand myself to live out my fullest potential.  Jim is both intuitive and intellectual, and his reading was super accurate! My session with him was one of the most transformational experience I've ever had and I would recommend him to everyone!  I'm looking forward to getting a Numerology reading from him in the near future!
5	Absolutely incredible. Jim got everything on the nose about my personality and my direction and my goals. It was like speaking with a therapist who already had my full history. But he also mentioned very specific events in the near future that would happen. I had just gone through a rough break up with a long term boyfriend and was not in the mood for another relationship. When Jim said that I would meet a boy very soon, I was in disbelief and said, "no no no, that can't be right!". He went on to describe in detail what the boy was like, and gave me advice on how to handle the new relationship. He mentioned he was an air sign, like Aquarius. I walked out of the place feeling good, but also very much doubting that what he said would come true.Lo and behold, two weeks later, I fall head over heels. With an Aquarius. All the other details that Jim gave me were also true.I am definitely going back and you should too.
5	Jim has an incredible talent.  He did my Numerology chart and a Tarot reading for me.  He was able to pinpoint exactly what was going on at that time in my life.  I am so impressed with his level of skill that I don't think I will ever go to another psychic!  He has set the standard and I will be returning to him for all my future readings.  Meeting with Jim has helped me tremendously to deal with my issue.  I am so thankful I found him and recommend him to all my friends and family!  Thanks Jim for sharing your gift and helping others.
1	This was by far the worst reading that I have ever had. So bad, that a few months later I am still so upset by the money wasted that I had to write a review. I've had palm, tarot and numerology readings from several different readers across the country, as well as in the Philippines and I've been happy with most. From past experiences, as well as Yelp reviews, my expectations were high. To say that I am disappointed with the reading is an understatement. To begin with, my initial impression was that Jim was rather unprofessional. Not only could I see all the dirty dishes piled up in his kitchen, but he answered the door in his bare feet. I already felt slightly uncomfortable attending a reading in someone's home. I wish that I would not have ignored the bad feeling I had about this situation and turned around and left immediately. The reading started off fine, with a general summary of my numerology. While this is pretty standard for a psychic visit, it went on much longer than I am used to. When I say general summary, I mean that he literally could have been reading verbatim from the horoscopes in the back of the newspaper or a magazine. While some of his observations were accurate, I am undoubtedly a Virgo, so the general characteristics that he pointed out were ones that I am familiar with. Then he finally moved into the Tarot reading. Now if anyone has ever been to a good psychic, they know that the reader is supposed to go through your cards and ask you "Does that sound familiar?" or similar questions to confirm that the reading they are giving you is accurate. Through the entire reading, not one time did Jim make any remark that was specific towards my life. Instead, he constantly asked me questions like he thought he was a therapist. Only he doesn't have a degree in counselling and that was not what I was there for. When I indicated that I was not entirely happy with the reading because it was pretty off point and incredibly vague, he suggested that I am looking for extrinsic validation of something that I need to figure out intrinsically. What  a waste of money. Save yourself $65. Instead, I suggest you go to Walgreen's, buy a Cosmo, flip to the back and read your horoscope. It will probably be more accurate.
5	Jim is highly gifted.  He will give you what you need when you need it.  He helped both me and my husband through some of the hardest times in our lives, and changed us for the better.  However, I will say that you have to be open to reality, and have the ability to look inside yourself in order to use his wisdom.  He is pure light and genius.  Highly recommend.  Xoxo!!  Thanks Jim!
5	Jim is the best navigational counselor there is.  Reasonably priced and professional. I have been working with him for years and highly recommend him. His toolbox of knowledge is huge and his delivery is down to earth and understandable
5	There truly are no words to describe the awesome navigational reading I received from Jim.  He was spot on with everything he told me, especially regarding my life path and where it has been leading me.Beyond Jim's great talents, he is a sincere and caring person with a real heart for helping others along their journeys.
5	Jim is great!! I had another awesome reading from him today. He is positive and fun and knows how to deliver hard to hear information gently and clearly. Since my first reading with him almost two years ago I have been to him multiples times; his extensive knowledge and clarity are unmatched by any of my previous psychic experiences. I do my best to go in to the appointment with a clear mind and open heart to be as readable as possible- no need to test, Jim is the real thing!!
