4	To be honest, this is the first and only obgyn I have gone to, as I started going here when I was 18 years old and have gone ever since, giving birth to three children along the way.  I'm 28 years old now and have never felt the need to make a change.  Dr. Carla Turner was my original doctor and delivered my sons, but by the time I got pregnant with my third child (I always saw a nurse for my yearly exams, not the doctor) she had left GVOBGYN and joined another practice here in town.  At first I wanted to follow her because I liked her so much, but the receptionist had already scheduled me with Dr. Tyre, so I figured it was only fair to give another doctor in the office a fair shot.  I loved her just as much.  She was so helpful and answered any and all of my questions and delivered my beautiful daughter with the greatest of ease.  Everyone in the office makes you feel very comfortable, and I would highly recommend this office.  On a personal note, I am biased towards the female docs in this office, as I just have an issue with the male obgyns, so I cannot recommend any of them...
1	I was told to arrive at 8:30 am for a 9am appointment as a new patient for a routine annual exam, which I did. At 10:40, after being in a paper gown for quite some time, I was finally seen. She said, "Thanks for your patience." I said, "I'm not that patient." Her reasons for the delay were twofold: 1) "We have 6 practitioners in this office and we have to SHARE ROOMS!" (um, schedule your patients appropriately?!) and 2) (told to me mid-exam) "We have alot of long-time patients at this practice, and when they come in we like to find out what's going on with their kids, and their grandkids, and stuff, so we take a little extra time with some of our patients." I'm not kidding. She also kept making this disconcerting exhalation noise during the exam, the kind you make when you're around something you don't want to smell. I was perfectly clean and healthy, and she made the noise during paperwork too, so it wasn't me and it wasn't necessary!!! Then she asked me if I had any other concerns before she walked out the door, and I joked that hopefully my husband, whom I'm separated from, which we had discussed, hadn't cheated on me and now we'd know. She said, "Oh, I wish you had said something, I could have done cultures but can't now since we already used the gel." End result: I was 3 hours late for work for a 10 minute appointment, with absolutely no patient emergencies involved, and did not get the thorough care I thought I was waiting for. I was also not kept informed about the delay, (which would have been extremely helpful since my son had forgotten to bring his lunch to school) and the delay did not seem unusual. No one seemed happy to work there. I am furious and will never go back to that practice. Which is convenient, since I don't think they'll like me much after I send them an invoice for lost wages. I know I sound like I'm out on a limb, but I've worked in healthcare for many years, I was raised in a healthcare family. I understand bookings and reimbursements, delays and emergencies. But this was UNACCEPTABLE.
1	DO NOT COME HERE! This is the worst place I've ever been to!!! I had a 2:30pm appointment to which I showed up on time for, and by 4pm the doctor STILL HADN'T shown up!! I went into the hallway to ask a nurse what was going on, but she just told me to wait a few more minutes. They left me sitting there in a paper gown for 1 1/2 hours!!!!!! Then to add salt to the wound, no one ever answers the phone. They tell you to wait 10 days for PAP results, yet It's been over 2 weeks and I cannot get ahold of them! I even drove there yesterday to ask about my results and they would NOT help!THIS PLACE IS HELL.
3	I've been going to Dr. Torres for years, and hadn't really had a bad experience.I've never minded waiting for him...because he's a great doctor, listens to ALL my questions and concerns, and is NEVER rushed with me.However, I called Friday morning, with an emergency with my IUD and I needed to be seen. They got me in on Monday, July 1st, but it wasn't going to be with Dr. Torres.Monday comes, and I show up at 850, because I couldn't remember if my appointment was at 9, or 915... better to show up early anyways, right?I was told by the ladies that I was seeing a "Connie". I had my daughter with me, and my guy showed up about 930. An hour goes by, and they come get me around 1030 to weigh me, take a urine sample and my blood pressure. The nurse told me that they were just "waiting for a room" and that it shouldn't be much longer.Well, another hour goes by, which means that we had been sitting for two hours, and no doctor has seen me. I finally get called back, and the nurse asks me "what I am here for ". I tell her that I am not sure, that the scheduler did not tell me what I would be doing.She tells me to undress from the waist down. Ten minutes go by, and I have lost my patience. What the EFF is the point of having an appointment and being seen two hours later? I had other things to do that day, and my guy had to get back to work. I put my pants back on, and we are leaving when this "connie" who in all the years I have been coming, have never seen. She asked my why I was here today, and I told her. She felt the need to question that. And then she asked what I was suppose to be "had done" today as well.REALLY? You and your nurse are going to have me take my pants off and you don't even know what you are doing to me?No checkout paper was given to me. Only a paper for blood work.I now have a $43 bill.I have never paid more than $20 for a copay here.Sorry Dr. Torres, but your support staff is terrible.I will never see any one besides my doctor again.
4	Fortunately, I didn't consider the bad reviews here before I scheduled an appointment with Nurse Practitioner Sylvia Averitt (Menasco).  I read great reviews about her on Health Grades website and being new to the area, made an appointment for a general check up.  I was asked to arrive 30 minutes early for my appointment to fill out the appropriate paperwork, which I did.  I was called back about 10 minutes before my actual appointment time, which was a nice surprise.  The back office staff was very friendly and efficient.  Sylvia entered the room within just a couple minutes of her nurse.  Sylvia is wonderful!  Not only did she make me feel very welcome and comfortable, I didn't feel rushed in any way and was able to discuss some things with her without feeling like I was taking up her time.  I will for sure go back to her again.The front desk was friendly enough, could smile a little more.  The back office scheduling staff was very knowledgeable and friendly.  The waiting room is not very comfortable - seems much too small for all the chairs that are crowded in there.  But all in all, it was a pleasant experience and I would recommend this office.
1	The doctors are great, but the staff is HORRIBLE! When I call, it seriously takes 8 to 10 minutes to get someone to answer. Not even exaggerating. when I went there for the first time, the staff looked at me like "what do you want" instead of asking "how may I help you." My appt was at 2:30, I got there at 1:50 and didn't get seen until 4:22pm.... I mean, they could have atleast told me that they were behind on patients or something...Again, doctors-GREAT, Staff-HORRIBLE!
4	I'm pregnant with my 2nd child and I recently moved back to vegas, I have been going here my entire pregnancy to see Dr. Fleischer. I have no complaints about him, he's awesome, but the waiting time is very long (1-2 hrs) and the staff isn't very outgoing or friendly. Those things don't bother me as long as my doctor is doing his job..
1	Horrible staff at the front desk. I witnessed the Indian lady almost hollering at a lady cause she didn't know what she was suppost to say when she picked her stuff up. The young lady that helped me was completely rude when I had a question to ask. I doubt ill ever come back to this place!
1	OK, First thing first: It takes forever to see your doctor. Our shortest wait was 1 hour. It usually takes about 2 hours to see your doc. Be prepared to kill your precious time in the office. The nurses are nice and friendly, but cannot say the same for the office staff! Although we saw Dr. Fleisher regularly throughout the pregnancy, we didn't get him for the delivery. Instead, and UNFORTUNATELY, we had Dr. REBECCA TYRE who was on call for the delivery. In all fairness, we knew from the onset that getting Dr. Fleisher was not guaranteed and that we could get any of the six doctors for the delivery. And we had hoped that it would be OK to have someone other than Dr. Fleisher for the delivery as we had developed a good relationship with him. Now, the perplexing thing is not that we had a HORRIFYING and TRAUMATIZING experience with DR. TYRE, but that it is almost an established fact that DR. TYRE universally and repeatedly gets bad reviews! And please go check as many webmd reviews as you wish! She is unacceptably unprofessional. Now my question is to the office, Green Valley OB GYN: Why do you still have TYRE on board despite the fact that she has an established track record of traumatizing your patients??? It is such a shame when her own colleagues from the same office badmouth her practice and professionalism big time, yet still keep her there and allow her to ruin people's most important and emotional moments... Now please read our personal experience with Tyre below if you think that I am a little too harsh and decide for yourself...When Tyre came in to the delivery room at St. Rose Dominican Hospital, she didn't even bother to greet us! First thing we heard from her was "where are you from?" We knew that it wasn't going to be a pleasant experience, but she was on call that night! In only 15 minutes, she was able to traumatize us big time and to completely ruin the most magical and memorable moment of our life. Our daughter was born with a minor birth defect and Tyre broke it to us in an extremely unprofessional way. She looked at our baby and said "what is wrong with this baby? Take "it" and check "it"!" She didn't even let us enjoy our baby for one moment, shed happy tears, or celebrate the arrival of our precious angel. Then, of course, we completely freaked out, trying to figure out what was going on, but she refused to elaborate anything, stating that it wasn't her job to diagnose the newborn! A heartless and unprofessional woman, a monumental shame to her profession! She should not be involved with childbirth, one of the most emotional and magical human experiences ever. She is an arrogant doctor, and a horrible, ugly human being...Stay away from her, and from this office if possible...
3	THE GOOD: I have been seeing Sylvia Menasco for years, and she is understanding, explains everything, I really love her.THE BAD: Staff kind of sucks. I have to call the office and I'm nervous about calling because I know I'll be on hold for a long time, only to talk to an "assistant" who may or may not call me back with the answers I need.THE UGLY: Who likes going to the Gyno? The office is full of pregnant women as well as little kids,  and the wait is forever.
1	Doesn't even deserve one star.  If you have any serious issues you need taken care of I wouldn't recommend this place.  I saw Becky Gonzales due to the fact that uterine cancer runs in my family.  My sister had genetic testing and found out she had Lynch Syndrome. She was told that all her siblings need to also be tested for this because if you have it there is an 87% you will get uterine/colon cancer.  Becky had never even heard of Lynch Syndrome, nor did she realize that uterine and colon cancer were related.  At that point, if I had been dressed I would have walked right out.  As soon as I could, I got out of there and saw her using her phone to Google information, so basically I knew more than her.   She told me she had been practicing for 20 years...not sure what she was practicing but obvious she was not up-to-date any recent medical discoveries.
5	Last time I gave them 4 stars but I'm giving them 5 now bcuz Dr.Fliesher is the BEST!! Screw the wait time I would wait anyday for DR.Fliesher to deliver my baby. 6 weeks ago he delivered my son and I have to say he is amazing.  I have 2 kids my daughter I gave birth to in NY and I also had a great doctor there but he really knows what he's doing. I was iffy about him at first, I was really thinking about changing to a different doctor but I'm real glad I didn't. If u want a good doctor to deliver your baby he's the one! I had no problems
5	I've been going here for years and it is an amazing OB/GYN. I started off seeing Sylvia Manasco for my gyno appointments and she is wonderful. When I got pregnant I was switched to my current OB Dr. Tyre. She is nothing short of amazing. I've had both of my children with her and plan to have my third with her. I have a blood disorder and had severe bleeding with my first child. She was so quick and efficient that she was able to stop my bleeding and stitch me up in the matter of minutes. At the beginning of my first pregnancy I was with a different OB and I waited for hours in the waiting room for appointments. I remember I once waited three hours and then was not able to see my previous OB doctor. Is very different Dr. Tyre. I have never waited for more than 20 minutes to see her. I usually only wait 5 to 10. This is an amazing office and I highly recommend it.
1	I have been going here for almost 2 years now under the care of Rebecca Tyre.  My experience has been awful to say the least. It's bad enough that I'm having difficulties getting pregnant but to have an OBGYN that is unknowledgeable, uncaring, and not personable just makes my jaw drop and my heart continue to hurt. I thought my previous OBGYN who told me that The reason I wasn't getting pregnant was because I was too fat was bad but my experience with Rebecca (doesn't even deserve the title Dr.) is worse!At each of my visit Rebecca was quick to keep trying to refer me to a Specialist; however from advice from friends I told her that I would rather do as much of the tests with her (since my insurance covers it rather than all the tests with a Specialist). So needless to say after each of my visits I researched what steps I needed to take and just told her what to do and what Tests to order and send me for. Now, I'm no doctor but isn't the doctor suppose to be the one giving the advice and educating the patient on what needs to be done? Well unfortunately, not in my situation.Please save yourself further heartache!  If you are having troubles conceiving, do research and find yourself another OBGYN.
1	This office has too many patients it is very hard to get a non emergency appointment in the same month.  I needed to reschedule an appointment, due to a work emergency, and they could not see me for another month.  Not everyone works a perfect 9-5 predictable schedule, some compassion and flexibility would be appreciated.  I will be finding a new doctor.
1	I was a patient here for 10 years. Becky and Sylvia, the nurse practitioners, have always been very nice.However, I feel that the entire office is completely unknowledgeable when it comes to women that are struggling with conception. My husband and I tried to have a child for 5 years. My husband was working out of town for two of those years and I was never told about medication that would schedule my ovulation for when he's at home. I had 4 miscarriages with that office and was never put on progesterone, baby aspirin, or sent to an at risk pregnancy center. Although Becky did refer me to one of those in vitro fertilization clinics. The office staff is some of the rudest people that I've ever had contact with. Just recently I thought I was having another miscarriage, now at 40yrs of age. I asked if I could come in to see if my baby was ok and was told by Meghan that I never came in to establish pregnancy which I had. She'd asked me if I'd been to the hospital and then asked me if I even wanted this baby. I said, "why would I be calling you to make an appointment to see if my babies okay." Then she told me I didn't have to be rude. Really! I'm the one being rude. They'd probably put my paperwork from my visit that establish pregnancy with them in someone else's file because when I just recently left their office and took my paperwork with me I had someone else's paperwork in my file. And this is just the tip of the iceberg; I could go on and on about all of the other things that I've experienced there in 10 years. Basically they're just rude and incompetent and I don't know where and what the office manager is doing when these receptionist are on the phone speaking to clients the way that they do but if I was a doctor in this office I'd start by firing the manager. If you want to feel like a crackhead visiting a methadone clinic this is the place for you.
1	This waiting room is by far the worst I've ever been to. Staff is rude and has attitude, personal questions are asked loudly (social security, personal information). I even heard staff ask a young woman loudly if she's ever had any abortions or miscarriages. Waiting times are extremely long. Charged 150 for a consultation to show the doctor results I already knew the recommendation for....Horrible experience.Never ever ever go to Becky Gonzales. How she completed medical school I don't know-she gave me incorrect information and was rude. No bedside manner. Switched to dr knapp-so far other than the aforementioned she has been ok.
5	I wasn't trilled about coming here last Wednesday for obvious reasons (the dreaded pap) and the reviews didn't make it better. But I went in with an open mind and am so glad I did. The girl who helped me at the front desk was a little short at first but after smiling and going on with a good attitude she turned around. The MA called me into the back for vitals and there were several others sitting around talking about other patients and plans for the coming weekend (neither of which are very professional). Was called back again, taken to my room and waited for my Dr..  Becky Gonzales is AMAZING! She was straightforward and honest. Some might find that "rude" but seeing as I'm the exact same I really appreciated it. She answered all my questions and took her time! I'm actually looking forward to going back Friday.. and if anything changes I'll be sure to update my review!
2	Very disappointed in the experience I received here. I made sure I was on time to my appointments and every appointment throughout my pregnancy I have waited at LEAST an hour check in to check out. In regard to medical advise and attentiveness I was very underwhelmed as the doctors seem to rush in and out. Ironic? Seeing as though they are habitually late to my appointments? Also I feel that that the physicians just want to write you a prescription for every thing versus getting to know your medical history and recommend holistic modifications. A lot of their testing is done through lab corp...Not very fond of them either. For these reasons I would NOT recommend green valley obgyn.
3	Agree that the waits are too long here. The staff was always blunt, I'm sure they are busy. The nurses and nurse practitioners are perfectly fine.Dr. Fliescher was wonderful. Was disappointed that the follow -up after the birth of my son, he was never available. Always nurse-practitioners. I really wanted to see him and thank him, etc. always felt uneasy and disappointed about that. DR. TYRE is EVIL. My first pregnancy ended in miscarriage. I had registered at Green Valley OBGYN, but did not have a specific doctor yet. Miscarried before first appointment. At home night after miscarriage I was in severe pain. Called the after-hours to find out how to get some pain killers. They asked for my doctor's name and I told them I didn't have a name yet. They put me on hold..and transferred me to the private phone of DR. TYRE. I did not ask for this! She was EXTREMELY rude. She screamed at me. "Who ARE you?!! I don't know YOU!!! How dare you call me! Do you know what time it is?!! Don't you EVER call me again!!!!" And hung up on me. Completely unacceptable behavior EVER. I did not kill your dog, lady. Get a hold of yourself!! I will never forget how small she made me feel...and when I was already in pain and sad about losing my baby.  I became pregnant again eventually, and made my first appointment, I asked for anyone ACCEPT Dr. TYRE. After reading the reviews I can see I am not alone.
1	WORST place I have ever been canceled appointment s set me up for tests I didn't need! All I wanted was an IUD 5th appt and hour wait and they lost my file so I couldn't get it done! Connie us rude and has no bed side manner a week later I received a letter saying not to return to them! NEVER GO THERE!!!!
4	I came in as a new patient. I had to fill out the new patient packet but I had to ask for it after waiting for 15 mins. When I did the front desk made it seem like it was my fault and I better hurry and finish it or I wasn't going to get my appt. They ended up getting me in very quickly. I seen Becky Gonzales and I thought she was great. She listened. She was slightly blunt but in a nice funny way. I felt very comfortable. The overall experience was good. The rooms are very cold tho!
1	I saw Dr. Torres. I had heard he was a decent doctor. I was not satisfied with his service or that of the entire office. On my first visit I attempted to discuss with him some of my family history that was serious. He told me it wasn't necessary because it wasn't my history. Come to find out (after going to a new doctor) I tested positive for the blood deficiency that is in my family, potentially making me a high risk patient. On my second visit he went on vacation at the last minute and I had to see the nurse practitioner. We waited in the waiting room for an hour and 15 minutes before she came to get us and told us she was just talking. Then she had no clue what to do and didn't know how to use the ultrasound machine even though she was supposed to just use the doppler. She didn't answer any of my questions or give me any information. Finally, when I switched offices I asked for the money I paid towards the delivery fee back and was told I would have it in 6 weeks. That was almost 10 weeks ago and I still don't have it and I am unable to get ahold of anyone because they turn their phones over early. They scheduling person never has any clue what is going on either. I called and tried to cancel an appointment and she tried making one for me, and then when I thought it was cancelled I got another phone call days later saying I had an appointment. When I called about it, she said she took it upon herself to schedule. Maybe this was an unusual experience at that office, but I just would not recommend them. They are not that friendly either.
1	I was supposed to have my very first obgyn appt. tomorrow with Dr. Tyre which was confirmed by her scheduling assistant when she returned my call to schedule me 3 weeks ago.  Unfortunately, I needed to cancel and reschedule my appt. only when I called they informed me I had no appt. and was not scheduled in their system for the appt. I was confirmed for.  Pretty upsetting to hear and what a waste of my time.  I would not recommend this office.  I am glad I was able to get a referral to Dr. Michelle Lewis and they were able to get my first pregnancy obgyn appt scheduled right away.
1	I have never reviewed anything but I created an account specifically to review this place....its not going to be a good review either. I am a very healthy person who just happens to detest going to the Dr..doesn't mean I'm stupid. Went to this place 2x now embarrassed to say, and not only did I wait in the disgusting waiting room for over an hour each time, I was treated like a low life by both the pa and the staff ...I was told about the finding of a serious condition as if I should have known exactly what they were talking about..the list goes on. Bottom line is this place needs to undergo some serious renovations starting with attitudes and communication skills.
1	I was a patient here for the last 5 years, but enough is enough.  Several issues, starting with the office staff having a horrible attitude.  And God forbid you approach them to ask how much longer beyond your appointment time until you're seen.Then you have the wait times.  Don't expect to be seen until an hour or more after your scheduled appointment time, even if you schedule very early in the morning before they have a chance to fall behind schedule.  I tried this trick, no luck.Also, they refused to give me my negative test results for UC without making an appointment and paying yet another insurance co-pay.  I have no experience with the actual doctors of this office, but I have certainly questioned the competency of the PA's.  When it comes to additional procedures to "just be sure," they probably work on commission.Use this office as a last resort.
1	I have been going to this place for six years. I have been thinking about switching for a long time now but I was trying to give it a chance. Wait times can be ridiculous.  I don't feel like the staff knows what they are doing nor do I feel comfortable anymore trusting them with my health. They do not listen well and assume I am healthy because I am young. I have been perscribed the wrong medicine for something I didn't even have. I really wanted to give this place a chance but I just have not had a good experience there. I don't feel like I have a lot of help or understanding with my help there. I don't feel like I'm going to a doctors office. It seems like they are just running a business and that's it. No genuine care for the patients and there health. I would not recommend anyone to go to this gynecologist
1	I only gave it a 1 star because the doctor was amazing the front desk staff is rude at I arrived 30 mins early to do 10 min paperwork and still waited almost 2 hrs to be seen even though I had an appointment. I asked if u had a copay she said no to my surprise at check out they wanted over 200 dollars at checkout for my visit I explained my preventive is cover 100% she told me because when asked if I every had pain during my cycle and me answering yes my visit is no longer preventive. I deal in insurance all day at my job so I told her I would contact my insurance to my surprise I was covered 100% call ur insurance don't trust what they say instill haven't received my refund yet fraud office
