4	I like the clothes.  They are fun and on trend.  Pros: Clothes are cute, current and fit.  I love the jeggings and the fact I can get short jeans that don't look like they should be on my mother is a plus for a plus sized woman.Fitting rooms are always clean and staff will get more sizes for you if you need them.The store is clean and the clothing line is extended compared to the other local Torrid stores.With a frequent shopper card you can get a discount to cover some of the taxes.Cons:I usually spend about $350 ok ok ok that's what I tell my boyfriend and my mom;  I usually spend about $475 each time a shop there (every three months).  I like to get more than one pair of the same jeans (they wear out quicker than most).  The prices don't match the quality.The T-shirts are a strange fit.  I've never been able to buy one.I politely asked to use the restroom.  THEY TOLD ME NO!!!! I jokingly explained I had been in the store preparing to spend hundreds of dollars, trying on clothes and drinking bottled water for over an hour.  I also stated I would leave the woman my handbag.  It cost more than the clothing times 5.  SHE STILL SAID NO!!!!!!  Not having a bathroom for paying customers is insulting.  This "policy" reads to me, " Torrid doesn't trust you not to steal anything while voiding your badder of liquid bodily waste.  Please only spend your money and hurry to leave."  Torrid please change this as I am not the only customer who feels this policy is demeaning.  Overall, I will keep shopping at this location (and online) but I will make sure that its a short trip so that I wont have to do the pee pee dance while trying on my dark indigo leggings and off the shoulder black shirt.
5	Ashley at this location is awesome. Ask for her :-) thank you to torrid for retaining helpful and knowledgable employees.
5	I've been over a size 12 for the majority of my adult life and one thing that's always frustrated me is never being able to find cute affordable clothing in plus sizes. Most of the places you go i.e. Lane Bryant, department stores etc. have not so cute nor flattering outfits for bigger women but also more expensive. Torrid has always been a lifesaver for me their clothes  are cute, prices are reasonable and this particular store has an outstanding retail staff.
5	Every single time I go in there, the sales ladies are SO helpful. I've never experienced such great customer service before. I will definitely keep on buying my clothes at this location!
5	I just have to say again how awesome each and every employee is at this location. I am a loyal customer here for life. Madeline and Brooke fully exceeded my expectations today and I couldn't be happier.
