3	I went to Dr Tabassi last year when I was pregnant with my daughter. The good: Dr Tabassi is amazing, caring and an excellent doctor. Her nurse Vanessa is wonderful, she always made me feel like a VIP. The office also participates with the Sunny Babies program (formerly Baby your Baby) for Momma's without insurance. The not so good: I almost never got through her office without a wait, almost always at least an hour or more - which when you're at the end of your pregnancy and going every week or two - is quite frustrating. Fortunately at the time I was self-employed and was able to manage my own schedule. If I had a job to get to I would have been incredibly annoyed - and at times I was. The main receptionist changed in the midst of my pregnancy. For a hormonal woman, dealing with complications and no insurance - going from someone who knows you on a first name basis to starting over with someone who doesn't know you at all, who isn't particularly friendly and doesn't seem to really know anything... well it wasn't the highlight of the experience. After delivery, I also had some issues getting the office to handle some administrative items and quite a bit of frustration. One thing, I ended up getting insurance in my last month, and their bill wasn't received my insurance the first time - so I ended up with a huge credit from them, and owing the hospital and anesthesiologist, it took me so long to get a refund that I ended up in collections with the anesthesiologist. I wasn't really happy about that. All in all, it was a pretty good experience. I would give Dr Tabassi 4 stars, but her office maybe a 2-3.
1	If I can give her and her business zero stars, I would. I went to Belly Wrap Boutique--my first ever visit to a gynecologist--after a recommendation from one of my doctors. I went only twice and both times I wish I hadn't.When I finally got inside the room to talk to her, she was trying to find out information about my sexual life, and I told her the truth. Now, doctors aren't supposed to make you feel like you're being lectured or judged...so why did she do it? I don't like the fact that she did that, regardless of the fact that she probably meant well--I suppose.At least appreciate my truthfulness. No reason to lie to your gynecologist, right? They'd be able to help you out better if you were honest. I came here to try out birth control and Dr. Tabassi recommended me the Depo Provera Shot. She DID NOT forewarn me whatsoever that I could have been spotting for months because of it. I spotted for 9 months. And it wasn't light either. I somewhat resented her for that, but I realize I could not blame her for my own body's reaction to a certain birth control. I just resent the fact that she failed to warn me about that specific side effect. She told me the other typical side effects, such as weight gain etc but left this one out. On my second and final visit, I waited a very long time to see her although I did correctly book an appointment beforehand. After a little more than an hour of waiting, I finally got inside her office, only to my rage, found out from her nurse soon afterward that Dr. Tabassi had to go out for a delivery. All that waiting for NOTHING! Seriously, I was patient for the longest time and once I'm soo close to seeing her--she leaves. That was the final straw for me and left to find another and much better gynecologist office. Try out West End Obgyn! MUCH BETTER THAN THIS!
1	This review is on behalf of our experience with this office. This was my girlfriend's OBGYN for over a year. Shortly after we got pregnant and was seeing Dr. Tabassi for the baby. Well first off, this office is truly off the hook when it comes to scheduling and hold true to their appointment times. Several times we have been there waiting to be seen for at least 2 hours, at the most 3 1/2 hours. Dr Tabassi is a nice lady but I question her bed side manner. My girlfriend had a low placenta and Dr. Tabassi told her she is most likely to bleed out and hemorrhage if we have a natural birth but she doesn't recommend that we have a C-section?! Secondly, the staff is absolutely clueless. Pauline, the office manager cant run the office efficiently. she cant resolve issues the customer has. Honestly, im surprised she has a job with her work ethic. The only one that somewhat has a clue is Vanessa. Tabassi, for what ever reason was feeding us lines about my girlfriend's pregnancy while the high risk pregnancy doctor (referred by Dr. Tabassi)was telling us the complete opposite. And all the while bring a patient of Tabassi, we find out that she is juicing our insurance. After we found out about this we changed OBGYN to a different office. After we left their care, they continued the attempts to charge our insurance. We found out from our new doctor that they were doing tests that was supposed to be done by the high risk doctors. Lastly, the last time  we visited this office was in April, the same month we left her. Up to this day, they haven't returned our labor and delivery fees they collected from us forcing us to come out of pocket a second time to pay the new doctor. We are currently in talks with the Medical Board and a lawyer about our situation and also considering contacting Channel 13 Action news. It's messed up that we are having to go through this while expecting our new baby. Folks, stay away from this doctors office.
5	I am so happy I chose Dr. Tabassi to be my new OB, I  absolutely love her and the staff! I never write reviews, but after seeing a couple of them I decided I need to put in my own. When you first come to this office they make it VERY clear that your appt may be rescheduled at times (due to Dr. Tabassi having a medical emergency or a birth to attend) which is very understandable. I still stuck with her, especially since I knew no other doctor would be at my delivery except for her. She has no other doctors practicing at her office so all of those who complain about wait times, cancelled appts, etc.... She is one person!!!!  Keep in mind emergencies can arise at any given time, and that's called life people! Mine so happened to be an emergency too ( my baby came at 34 weeks) so I am sorry if I took her away from all of you who are complaining. Did I choose for this to happen? Absolutely not... I am so grateful I had Dr. Tabassi there for me in a matter of 30 minutes to do our c section. Thank you and everyone in your office for making me feel secure and listening to every concern I've ever voiced. I highly recommend Dr. Tabassi and think she is a God send!!!!  She never made me feel rushed at appointments and always wanted to know how I was feeling, how my children were and made me feel very comfortable. To me, that's a good doctor, and if I ever had a cancelled appt or had to wait  for a long time, that was perfectly ok with me because I knew in the long run I would have a great doctor taking care of me and my new baby.
5	Omg! I can't believe some Of these reviews! Dr. Tabassi delivered my son on September 6th this year and she made it the absolute best experience ever! Of course she's going to be called out on delivers all obgyns are! Geeze people! Her wait times can be long- but she's so worth it. I'm changing insurance due to getting married, she won't be taking my new one, so I'm just going to do a cash plan with her! She's so worth it to me! Love her! She's never tried to talk me into something I didn't want to do, she's sweet, and pretty much will do anything you ask her to. I've never had problems with her office and my insurance company either. I'd recommend her to ANYONE!
5	Wow words can not explain the amazing staff, especially Terry. Everyone made me feel so comfortable with my procedure. Dr. Tabassi is a true artist and has an eye to enhance your features.  I did lip fillers  as one of my procedures and it looks perfect!!  Everything I wanted and more. Dr. Tabassi really listened to my needs and wants. I have been to other med spa's in the past and was uncomfortable and disappointed with the service given to me. I will absolutely come back and refer everyone I know here!!!
1	Been going to Dr Tabassi for seven years now but this trip will be my last. I've never actually been seen on time for an appointment EVER. If you are planning on seeing her give at least an hour for waiting in the lobby and/or the patient room before your even seen. She is a nice doctor and that's why I've made it seven years here but even as I write this I am sitting in a patient room at 11:45 and I had a 10:30 appointment and I still have yet to see the doctor.
1	I recently was recommended this place by another OBGYN that was dissolving his practice. My first appointment I waited 3 hours before I was able to see the doctor. The front desk staff never once apologized for the wait, offered to reschedule or explained why it was 3 hours. Once in a room one of the nurses explained to me that the doctor had to deliver a baby during lunch (completely understandable. I finally saw the doctor for a whole 5 minutes.My 2nd appointment I again waited 2.5 hours before being put into a room. Then a nurse came in and said "Excuse me, why are you here again?" I looked down at my huge pregnant belly and said "Seriously? You guys scheduled me an appointment and called me to come in" Then she said "Well I'm sorry but we don't need to see you today"  So the after waiting 2.5 hours the Doctor never came, the staff never apologized for the mix up and I am not at all comfortable with going through the rest of my pregnancy being ignored and tossed aside. After finding a new doctor I asked them to transfer my records for me, They told me I had to come down and sign the release forms. I went down signed the medical release forms and asked when I can expect them to fax over my information. The front desk girl said that day, so I was relieved because I had an appointment with my new doctor the next day. The next day at my new Doctor's office their receptionists informed me that my old doctors office (Tabassi) never sent over my records. So I called them and the girl who answered the phone informed me it would take 7 days even though Brooke (Who failed to fax over my info) assured me that it would have been faxed the day prior to my appointment. I tried explaining this to the girl that answered the phone but she kept interrupting me(Very unprofessional). I was so frustrated I was crying. I guess their unreliability and unprofessional-ism just validated my great decision to leave. Horrible treatment of patients by the front desk staff, I honestly I have no review on the doctor herself since I never get to see her. Good luck to new patients.
1	I was referred to this place by West End OB Gyn because my doctor was moving out of state. I have never had such an awful experience with a doctor's office. I went to two appointments - the first I waited 3 hours (which seems to be the typical wait time). I met with the doctor and she seemed nice. They said my appointment was during their busiest time (11:30 am) and that is why I waited so long. I had to get some blood work done on the way out and the tech could not hit a vein to save his life. After poking both arms and missing, he finally drew the blood from my hand...I thought I would go ahead and stick with them since all the doctor does during delivery is catch the baby. My second appointment was for my 20 week ultrasound. The ultrasound tech wouldn't tell me anything and looked concerned which made me feel concerned. Finally, she said she saw fluid on the brain. She then told me we were having a girl. As we were leaving, they asked me to stay and talk to the doctor and that we would be her first patient of the day. We waited for over 90 minutes....with my 2 year old who is not the most patient person... When I asked the nurse where the doc was, she said hopefully at the hospital but I don't know. Finally, when she came in she didn't apologize or offer an explanation as to why she was late. She said the concern wasn't the ultrasound but my positive Down's syndrome blood screen from the previous appt. I asked her what my odds were and she didn't know how to read the lab results of the tests that she pushes on all her patients. I ended up getting a copy to take to the high risk doctor and I was able to read the paperwork! The doctor should know how to read lab results when giving the information to their patients. Upon checkout, I was referred to Desert Perinatal (who were awesome) for a level 2 ultrasound and amnio. They told me I would be going to the Summerlin location. Desert called to confirm my appt and said it was for the Henderson location. Thank goodness they confirm their appointments (Tabassi's office doesn't confirm appointments) because I would have been on the other side of town... That was it - last straw... My perinatal appointment went great - there was no fluid on the brain (not sure there ever was) and it was definitely a BOY! I called today saying I would be canceling any future appointments and I needed my medical records. They said they would email my release (at 8 am) and after they received the filled out copy it would take at least 7 business days to get the records to my new doc. Well, by 1 pm I still didn't receive the release... I just called and the office is now closed until Monday. I have never felt so frustrated. I think Dr. Tabassi only cares about making money - she takes on too many patients which is poor service. They need more docs to help handle the load or she needs a new job. I can't believe so many people still go with the level of service they provide.... I am angry with my doctor for referring me to her...
5	When I saw the low stars on my favorite dr's office I had to write my own. Dr tabassi delivered my son and I will forever be grateful. She knew from the beginning that I would be high risk even with my first pregnancy. Her head nurse vanessa is amazing and very dedicated to her job, to the degree that she herself gave birth early and went back to work within 24 hours, because they didn't have any else set to replace her. She is very attentive and calls back promptly if you have any issues with your pregnancy. She put me at ease from the beginning. Yes the wait times can be long but at least you know who will deliver you. Unlike those bigger groups where you might have one of 5 doctors on call the day you deliver.
1	SOOO many bad experiences at this place!!! I wish there was a negative rating! where to begin...Office staff - BEYOND HORRIBLE. Brooke - NEVER returns a phone call. Amber - RUDE. I call Tabassi's physician assistant "Helga the Torturer." She can make a q-tip feel like a scalpel! It's difficult to schedule appointments any time soon, and you are GUARANTEED to wait a MINIMUM of 1 1/2 hours to over 3 hours. I did discover, when I stopped by a couple times without an appointment, there was NOBODY in the waiting room and no cars in the parking lot. Makes me think they just jam up certain days of the week with appointments and do who knows what the rest of the time? Paperwork is never completed or sent when they say it will be. Refills are never submitted when they say they will be. Phone calls are never returned. They always act like it's the patient's fault when one of their staff members blatantly drops the ball instead of apologizing. They're all RUDE and LAZY! The ONLY person who works there who IS super nice and seems genuinely caring is Vanessa. Too bad the rest of the staff is horrible!Tabassi - I USED to think she was a good doctor, until pregnancy happened...actually even from pre-pregnancy. Bc of my advanced age, we decided to go ahead and do preliminary blood work when my husband and I decided we wanted to try to get pregnant. When my FSH level came back as 18, she told me I would probably need to find a surrogate, that I had bad eggs. Well, for starters, after a visit to a fertility doc, I learned I was perfectly capable of carrying, I DID have high FSH levels that were greatly improved and in the perfectly normal range after discontinuing birth control and taking DHEA and Co-Q10 within just 5 months. Many tears were shed in the beginning thinking I had no chance of conceiving. Once I did find out I had naturally conceived, she recommended that we take a "simple blood test that will tell us the sex of the baby" that was non-invasive and totally safe, not like an amnio that had the risk of miscarriage. And no problem financially, since I was double-covered by insurance, so there would be no cost to me. WELL - I'm assuming she gets a kick back from Natera - the makers of this so-called 99.9% accurate Panorama test, DO NOT TAKE IT!!! The number of false positives for abnormal chromosomes is climbing! They finally took "no false positives" off their home page, I'll be shocked if they're not slapped with a class action lawsuit! The test came back, and she told us our baby was likely to have down syndrome. Many MORE tears happened of course, and it took a week to schedule an amnio to confirm - and then two more weeks to get amnio results. THE WORST THREE WEEKS of my pregnancy for sure! Amnio proved the Panorama test WAS in fact wrong, and our baby was totally normal. That test costs just under $4000. Both my insurances made small adjustments to the cost, but we still got a final bill for almost $2000. My husband called Natera and told them what happened, they said they have a contract with Tabassi's office and supposedly they're looking into it, and we'll hopefully NOT have to pay anything.Every time I had a prenatal checkup, Tabassi would forget the sex of the baby, and would say things she thought she remembered about past visits that never actually happened...making me think she really wasn't genuine, and really wasn't interested in what was going on with me as a patient at all.She discharged me from the hospital after my c-section without signing the pain med prescription!!! My pharmacy was closed by the time she did. Awful night!!!She knew i had a history of depression, but did nothing to try to prevent postpartum depression from hitting me like a ton of bricks. Turns out, Vitamin D3 supplements and progesterone taken IMMEDIATELY after delivery can significantly lessen the chances of depression. She also put me on some Level 4 blood pressure medicine while I was in the hospital after delivery that caused a whole LAUNDRY LIST of horrible side effects. My primary care doc said she should have never put me on something so strong without trying at least 3 other types. She prescribed Zoloft, even though I had "jittery" symptoms already from the blood pressure med...Zoloft made me even more jittery! Primary care doc switched me to Lexapro, which is the same thing as Zoloft minus the jittery effect. You'd think if she'd handled so many patients like me, SHE'D KNOW THIS STUFF BETTER!After spending forever in her waiting room, losing years off my life from so much stress, worry, crying and lack of sleep from so much BAD INFORMATION, her staff had the nerve to try to charge me $25 to fill out ONE FORM I needed for more information to give my disability company so I could get paid the extra two weeks Tabassi had told me that I would not be able to return to work. Amber even told me she checked with Tabassi, and they would not waive the fee. That was the last straw. DONE with them! DON'T GO THERE!!!
4	Thought I should update my review since it's been a few years since my first review and Dr Tabassi cared for me through another pregnancy. It seems like there's been a lot of new staff since my last pregnancy and I only have positive things to report. Dr Tabassi is a wonderful doctor, incredibly caring and was always available no matter what issue I had... including a late night call back after an impromptu root canal in my first trimester that left me in excrutiating pain. Her receptionist was very helpful, including calling me back to let me know if we needed to move an appointment if the Doctor had been called into a delivery. All of the nurses are friendly and caring, including the lab staff.  Wait times were far improved, I had a few long waits but that's to be expected when you're dealing with labor and delivery. I can't say enough good things about Dr Tabassi, I often recommend her to friends in need of an Ob/Gyn.
1	What is the world coming to when a Doctor has a side practice as a boutique in their office?Like Jennifer said, the staff is beyond INCOMPETENT. I called on a Tuesday for a form to be emailed to me that afternoon. On Thursday, I had to call again because THEY FORGOT TO DO IT! Guess what? You need WORD to open the document. I CANNOT be the ONLY person who does not have WORD on there computer.So, Friday morning I took a ride to her office. I was then informed I had to PAY for my records. Guess what! You can keep my records in storage, since you are paying for the storage!If YOUR staff can't even send an email without being asked 2x, and can't even ask do you have WORD? Why would I want to go to this Doctor?Dr. Tabassi, here's a head's up....YOUR STAFF CAN RUIN YOUR PRACTICE FOR YOU!
1	I've never felt so compelled to write a review. First, let me say that Dr. Tabassi delivered my healthy baby boy and for that I am grateful, but the entire experience was dreadful, and I will never see this woman again. Appointment times do not apply. I would wait at LEAST two hours to see the doctor, and when I would mention the wait times to the doctor, she would then make remarks during all future appointments such as "well at least I'm only an hour late today, I know you hate waiting." There were times I had blood work early in the morning (8am) and the waiting room was full, and she would stroll in after 9am. I had the first appointment several times, and was still not seen until after 10.  When you are 37 weeks pregnant, sitting in the exam room, without garments on, for two hours is uncomfortable and very frustrating. The new nurses they hired are almost incompetent. They are only nice to the women they like, otherwise they are rude and short with you. They had ZERO compassion when I was scared or nervous because my son's fluid level was low, and didn't say a word to me when I laid on the monitor machine alone, crying.  Not once was I given the results of my blood work, and if I had not gone and gotten my lab results from Quest, no one would've caught my low progesterone levels and we may have lost the baby. Vanessa is the only bright spot in this place. She's the only reason I stayed during my pregnancy and the only one I could trust. I was sent to the hospital twice during my pregnancy, and the nurses said they'd call to let them know I was coming; neither time did the hospital know I was supposed to be there. The real kicker was the day I was scheduled to induce. We showed up at the hospital, as scheduled through Tabassi's office, and they had NO idea I was supposed to be there. They had no orders and didn't even have my information. Referrals were never sent and the day of delivery, I called Amber to make sure my prior authorization was ready with the insurance, and she hadn't filed it-- even though we had discussed it WEEKS earlier. If I hadn't called, my labor would not have been covered. Even now, I have been sent to physical therapy, and they do not have the referral, which I was called and told it had been sent. Much like other reviewers, we were pushed to do the early Natera screenings, which Tabassi said would be covered by insurance. Turns out it was NOT because the office failed to get prior authorization. Thank God Natera worked with me on the $3000 bill.  When I called the office manager about it, I was told "oh, there's nothing we can do." And this was after calling several times and leaving messages to which I never got a response. I had to track her down. Clearly Tabassi has an agenda for ordering high price tests and based on others remarks, knows insurance will not cover. Tabassi herself is unprofessional, short and overworked. After being her patient for six years, I was excited to deliver with her, but she's changed. Whenever I had a concern for something, she said it was "normal" and never showed any compassion when I was worried. She pawned me off on the high risk center a few times (when I saw them, they said things were fine and didn't know why I was referred) and ordered tests she knew my insurance wouldn't cover, such as additional ultrasounds. After telling her I wanted my husband to cut the umbilical cord, she did it herself and when I asked her about it, she acted as though it was no big deal. She told us not to take birthing classes, and then chastised us in the last two weeks for not doing so. She never remembered what week of pregnancy I was in and when I would ask about test results or ultrasounds, she'd say, "we discussed that last time."  I would see her on an average of 3 minutes per appointment. I actually heard her ask what patient was next once, and when she was told it was me she exhaled and said, "she's the one that asks a lot of questions." Well excuse me for being a first time mom! I could go on and on about her treatment toward me, and lack of compassion. She put a damper on the experience of being pregnant for me. I would never wish her upon anyone, and will never step foot in that office again.
1	I am absolutely saddened to be giving Dr.Tabassi's office such a horrible review but after what I just endured on the phone with her Medical Assistant I'm practically sick to my stomach at how I was treated. I called to get my NuvaRing refilled only to be told I needed an appointment to be able to get it filled. I said fine but can I please get a temporary prescription for this 1 month, I'm coming off my period and I need my birth control until I get the appointment. They didn't have any availability until September 4th anyway. I figured it was an easy request. Apparently it was, to them, an opportunity to bring up appointments I had missed from 2013 accusing me of making appointments only to obtain my birth control and never showing up. I tried to explain to them that I was not trying to deceive them, I was never told that I needed to see Dr.Tabassi in order to receive my birth control. Especially since I had been having it filled monthly since 2012 which was the last time I ever saw Dr.Tabassi so I didn't even know it was a requirement. To then be called a liar because "everyone in the office knows that" but no one explained it to me. So fine I asked for the appointment and to please get 1 month of NuvaRing until the appointment date. So the ma keeps bringing up that I missed this many appointments etc etc until I finally got angry enough to tell her not to talk to me the way she was because again I had no idea that I needed to see her, I hadn't seen her since 2012 and I'd been getting my prescriptions since then. So she then tells me "YOU KNOW WHAT? GO SOMEWHERE ELSE GO TO ANOTHER DOCTOR IM ENDING THIS CALL" and then she hung up on me. I'm most definitely not letting this go. She wants me to come in to see the dr because it's a "liability" if she continues to write me prescriptions without knowing what's going on in my body yet here they have been giving me birth control without seeing me since 2012. Absolutely absurd! Worst staff ever. I can't believe she let's these people run her office like this. She is an amazing doctor it's just too bad her staff has to act like ghetto belligerent unprofessional people.
1	The worst experience.  She made us wait more than 2 hours before seeing her. This happened more than once.  After the first time I decided to give them a second try, just in case I was an exception on a busy day. But after the second appointment and talking to other patients, I realized this is a norm for this doctor to make you wait HOURS.  I'll NEVER go back to her office.
5	It's unfortunate to see so many negative reviews on here. I love Dr. Tabossi. She is very sweet and understanding. Her office is cute and the spa in the back is very relaxing as well. It is true there is some waiting time with her but if you want the best you have to wait sometimes. She is in high demand. She took care of me during my pregnancy and made me feel comfortable during my C section. The scar was low and the recovery is going good. I recommend Dr. T :)
5	Dr Tabassi is so cool. Very honest and makes you feel like an old friend. I am scheduled to be induced next week and I am so glad she is the one doing it. I am completely confident in her and her abilities. Truly the only set back is the wait time but she's the only dr. Sure... you could go to another office with 4 doctors and see a diff doctor every time and who knows who would deliver you.. but this is a more personal experience and the wait time comes with that. So as annoying as it is when you're big and pregnant I can't help but think it's worth it!! Personally I wanted to have 1 dr from start to finish. I haven't had any bad experiences with her staff as I have seen others report on here.. they are all nice and probably are just tired of hearing people complain about the wait time. So just zip your trap and live with it if you make this your ob. Dont piss off the people dealing with your whoha!! The only thing that will crush this review is if dr T. Makes my two holes into one during delivery.. but I think I'll have a little faith :)
3	I'm pretty new at this office and was referred to Dr.Tabassi when my old OBGYN closed. My first appt was just for a pap, and went well with the exception of a very long wait. I noticed a couple of very upset pregnant women in the waiting room and check out and hoped it was just a bad day. I scheduled another appointment after I found out I was pregnant. I was having a terrible time with vomiting and needed some medical intervention ASAP to help me get through work. Again, I waited nearly 3 hours... Interestingly as I sat in the waiting room, the receptionist called 3 afternoon appointments to let them know they "would not been seen today." She was very unapologetic and I couldn't help but think I'd be super upset if that was me and I'd taken the day or afternoon off!! Here's where I'll say, both times I've seen Dr Tabassi she has been fantastic. I went from my appt to CVS to pick up my RX which hadn't yet been electronically sent. So I called the office and was told they Rx's are generally sent after closing at 5pm... Sooo, at 5pm I went back to CVS and waited over an hour for an RX that was never sent. Frustrated I went home and called the practice early the next day. They assured me it would be taken care of ect. 3pm, still no RX and it's a Friday so I called the office again and was told that Dr Tabassi and her MA were gone and there nothing the office could do. At this point I was so frustrated (and sick) I was in tears. Eventually the office manager got involved and got the RX sent in. Long story short, so far, great Dr....TERRIBLE office staff.
4	Dr Tabassi is a great doctor. I have had some issues with the staff there but our unfortunate experiences have since been resolved.
