4	This restaurant is not in the busiest shopping center and it's hard to notice it from the street. There have been many other restaurants there the past few years. They have a variety of food. The menu is extensive. We decided on a take out pizza last night. Bought a large (18 inch) half cheese, half sausage. It was ready on time, but could have been hotter. Overall, we were happy with the pizza. Very tasty, not too spicy and, important to me, smooth sauce with no chunks. Price was average. We will be getting pizza there again. Support this northwest area business.
4	Stopped in for lunch, not crowded but it ought to be.  Prices are fair to good, in the $7 range for lunch, about $12-15 for dinner.  Didn't have what I wanted, exactly, on the menu, so they made it for me! Noticed, chicken, pork chops, seafood, and other customary Italian dishes.  Food was fresh, red sauce had a rare, delicious sweetness.  Salad was loaded with cheeses and tomatoes. Meatballs were homemade, not from Costco. Lasagna full, large portions for humans, NOT "gourmet size" 3 ounces with a sprig of parsley.Decor is Meditranian light (no plastic grapes), tableclothes, tile. Would like to see a tad more variety on the menu, but pretty good overall.   Staff friendly and prompt, polite, neat (no shorts and Ts).  Will be back once a month+- ; we dine out about 8 x per month. Go try it, you'll like it, and you'll go back!
4	Great food for take out and lunch specials. Only add $1 more to lunch specials if you want it for dinner. However, the sit down menu is different from their take out menu. Sit down is a bit pricier, but that's because the items look like very nice restaurant style dishes versus take out pizza and pasta. Had the cheese pizza, it was delicious. Will definitely be ordering more take out pizza from this place.
2	We ordered a pizza; half sausage and half canadian bacon and medium wings.  The pizza was good and the wings were OK.  However, the customer experience was horrible.  We  called in our order and the person we spoke with did not ask any questions.  I asked him if he needed our name for the order which is something you should be asked.  I asked him how long before our order was ready and was told 20 minutes.  We went there 25 minutes later and our order was not ready; which no big deal it happens sometimes.  However, we ended up waiting an additional 20 minutes.  They gave us our order and just brought our a soda (we got one of the pizza, wing, soda deals) without asking what flavor we wanted. We walked out the door to leave and one of the employees comes out and tells us they didn't give us all of our wings.  We had to wait an additional 10 minutes for the rest of our order.The employees all seemed pretty clueless when dealing with them.  They all spoke sparingly to customers.  We weren't even greeted when we walked in to pick up our order.  The atmosphere was not very welcoming.  All in all, even though the food was good it didn't compensate for the wait and customer experience with the employees.
1	Hah I went in there when they first opened they didnt have any to go menues but I could look at a regular menue, The workers there just stood there and looked at me, like I was strange or something! seemed pretty expensive and realy had things you wouldnt order at a pizza place .Like they are trying to be "upscale" Its at a dead shopping center anyways and now they offer Breakfast, that ought to be interesting!
4	They have one mean meatball sub, probably the best in town. They make their own meatballs and it was pretty good. Check out there other stuff as well. All I can say is I will be back for more!!! :-)
3	We ordered a Pizza for pick up, it was only OK.  Crust, really good; sauce, not enough to taste; cheese, too greasy and flavorless.  They are pretty new, I just move into the neighborhood too, so it would be nice to have a good restaurant nearby.  They were very friendly and invited me to a wine tasting, it looks like they are trying to be a little up scale, but their menu is Italian deli (sandwiches, pizzas, burgers).  Kind of confusing, hope they get it together.
4	Got this pizza after receiving a flier in the mail. Ordered the Verdi special pizza to have with my dad and husband. Reviews of the pizza were good all around. Was delivered hot, toppings were good, really liked the crust. No complaints from any of us on the pizza...will definitely order again. Do have one complaint - we also ordered the Caesar salad on the side. This was NOT good. First of all it was expensive for what you got - just some romaine lettuce and a container of dressing - no croutons or cheese. Also, the dressing was not good at all. It didn't taste like Caesar dressing to begin with but even that aside it wasn't good. Would not order that again and probably will hesitate to order any of their salads again.
1	Let me first say ordered for the kids but I was not home when they brought the food my children didn't tip ! But the kids like the food so much the next knight I said well lets order again my daughter goes to place an order the guy told my children they wont deliver because we did not tip the night before ! although on the menu its says they add 1.99 to delivery ! last I herd tips are 100% up to you not mandatory ! So when I call to talk to somebody the kid said to me your not worth our time to deliver ! I ask to talk to a manager he says I don't know but I can take and order now ! Third so called manager I call and tried to see if this is how they run things by telling kids who had enough to buy food but our money isnt good enough he says well mam I don't know they did nothing but make it a worse experience  good food but that kind of business is not worth my money!!!!!
3	I saw the take-out menu after receiving it in the mail. It had nice variety and good lunch specials, so the husband and I stopped in for lunch. We said we wanted to sit down, and were presented with an entirely different menu. Which is kind of strange... it's almost as if the place hasn't decided if they are a carry-out or nice sit-down restaurant. I ordered an item off the carry-out menu anyway, which they were happy to give to me. I had the eggplant parmesan sandwich and my husband did a custom pasta bowl (alfredo). Both were tasty, but the environment still felt a little odd. Like I said, the whole premise of the restaurant seems confused. Sitting in a nice area with tablecloths and wine glasses, separated from the take out counter by a half wall. Now that I've been there, I don't think I would go back anticipating to stay there to eat... but if they made it a little more casual and just served their take-out menu as their main menu, I would be more inclined to go back.
1	So i will try to keep this short and sweet. My coworkers and i decided to try this place after a flyer had been left on our door. We ordered some of the Caesar salad lunch specials (as we were watching our delicate figures) and the food was AWESOME! and the delivery took no time at all. So with that, you're probably wondering why I am only giving them one star. It is due to the events that followed after this first visit.The next time we had ordered from them, it took almost and hour to get our food and we were told to "hook up the driver with a fat tip." Ummm....excuse me ?? Sad to say that because this was said the delivery driver did not receive said "fat tip."After vowing that we would never EVER go back here again, we got really hungry and the restaurants in walking distance just weren't satisfying enough at this particular moment. We broke our vow and decided to give these guys one more shot. Instead of getting it delivered we decided to drive around the corner and pick it up. Granted, we should have called it in and then gone and picked it up but two hungry and hormonal women cant always be on their wits end. We walk in and it is hardly what we expected. It was completely empty with a rather large dining area and a very comfortable black leather couch. The woman who "took our order" had quite the attitude and just gave off a really nasty vibe. We waited about twenty minutes for our food and then graciously walked out of those doors for what will surely be the last time. As we were walking back to the car we noticed the capriotti's next door and with the price we had just paid for lunch, we should have just gone there and gotten sandwiches that we were sure were going to be good. This place was very good at its beginning and has sadly gone down hill in the aspects of good food and fabulous service. I would not recommend anyone waste their time or money here.
1	When I bought the cheese cake in the pictured I posted above,it looked like they gave me the cheese cake they had in display window! I was so tried from work I didn't care to go back into the restaurant to complain. I tried a piece of it when I got home and it taste freezer burn or something & hard for a cheese cake. I figured the whole thing can't taste this bad,WRONG! I couldnt even get my kids to finish it.Gordon Ramsay should come help this restaurant out. I've had their pizza,chicken wings,fries & last the cheese cake & all of them aren't worth the prices they charge for it. I really hope they read these reviews. Sorry Verdi I posted this to help you and hopefully you care what your customers think.
2	I really tried liking this place but the food just wasn't any good. The pizza at SAMs club was better in my opinion and it was a lot cheaper.  But if you're into pizza that have no texture this is the place for you.  Hope this review helps the cooks there.
1	Wow I hope I caught this place on a bad day.. It took an hour for the appetizers to come out. They where cold. My better judgement said leave NOW! But I didn't and the experience got worse. It's a shame someone had good intentions but did not follow threw with the game plan. Better management is needed in this place.
5	Yelpamaniacs! So you have to come and try the Italian food here, and the pastries..Verdi is kind of tucked away in this shopping area but theres a huge Verdi pizza sign outside of it, when you actually get here in the restaurant it's very nice, clean, great for lunch and they have lunch specials, a homely kind of place to eat for dinner, great prices, they close late and the new staff is awesome! They have a nice pastry section, from baklava, tiramisu, macaroons, cheesecakes, chocolate Cheese cake, cannolis, cup cakes, truffles, just to name a few sweet deserts. I've tried them all and they all make your stomach feel nice.!! Great place, great location, and they deliver up to ten miles away.They have a brand new staff, clean store and are a restaurant not to look over, try it out, you won't regret your visit!Oh yeah, and if you call for delivery, the driver will be there promptly as well, I called, they said 45-1hr and he was there in 30mins!  Great job Delivery guy! Of course it was a bit slow in the morning but he brought me my breakfast hot!!I really hope this helps, I've heard many things about this place and had to try for myself, and I'm amazed.
2	Food good, service not so good. For 4 people on duty and 7 patrons I would say waiting over 20 mintues to get our bill is ridiculous but try them for yourself.
5	Everything on the menu looked delicious!! Although I'm a very picky eater and pescetarian. I asked the servers recommendation. He ordered the Linguini Pescatore for me and Chicken Fingers and fries for my son. My son doesn't drink soda, so the server, Ryan, whipped up the most delicious lemonade my son has ever had. (His words exactly) 4 glasses later, I believed him! The food was prompt and the most amazing I've had in quite a while!! I even snagged a few fries from my son and they were soooo good!! I don't even like fries!! Between the attentive service, lovely ambience, delicious food and extremely reasonable price... I will be RAVING about this incredible place and DEFINITELY making it my new go-to!!
1	Horrible with descent service.  Margaritas pizza was simply cheese pizza with dried oregano and the spaghetti was bland.  The only thing I enjoyed was the Pinot
5	The food is amazing and on point! Great customer service and the servers are very attentive. For genuine and authentic Mediterranean and Italian food, I recommend this place for sure! It's a little tucked away in the plaza on azure and teneya but it's definitely worth the find! Awesome food!
5	The rib eye was amazing, it took a little long for it to come out but it all worth it! And I understood why it tool so long since it was a Huge piece of steak! Amazing service and a great place to sit down for a romantic dinner or with a family! Valentines day is coming up guys, take ur girl out for dinner here its a great place with reasonable prices!
5	I ate here the other night and the service was great!The atmosphere is casual but nice and their pastas are really delicious.For take out, their pizzas are really good, crust is good and so are the toppings. It's a great quality pizza.Go here for dinner with a date or your loved ones or grab a pizza if you get a chance. Will definitely like it!!
2	We ordered from Verdi Restaurant tonight and had it delivered to our house, we had received a flier in our door from there a couple of days ago and we have never been here before and saw several good reviews in here about them.  We ordered the Verdi Calzone with only the meat and cheese in it and had them add sausage.  We also ordered the spaghetti and meatballs, and one of each the cheesecake, cannoli and  the chocolate cake.  The total for the food we ordered came to $39.99 plus tip.  We were looking forward to it coming!  It got here hot and in the time span they said it would arrive.  The food was quite disappointing :(  The spaghetti had a rather plain sauce on it, and the meatballs were tasty, but not browned at all so they were actually a grey color which is not very nice to see, the noodles were quite overcooked, and we understand it was delivered but they were REALLY overcooked! The calzones crust was very bland with little flavor and it had a very bland sauce inside of it, I would not order either of these dishes again. The desserts, the chocolate cake was extremely dried out, actually to the point i could not eat it, the cheesecake was not bad, but we have had much better and the cannoli was disappointing also, the filling was gritty and heavy not light and creamy the way it should be and the cannoli shell seemed to be deep fried it had the taste of old oil and was not pleasant at all.  The best part of our meal was the bottle of wine we had with our meal, which my husband had received for his birthday earlier this month! We don't think we will be ordering from this restaurant again...
5	My family loves this restaurant. We have never been disappointed with the food or service. Ryan was wonderful and able to suggest dishes for us to try. The restaurant is more than a "pizza place". My husband and I come for lunch during the week for a quiet getaway.
1	So the place I work for tried ordering a large order for staff appreciation day. The guy on the phone told us the special. A large 1 topping for 11 bucks. Once we ordered he gave us the total and it didn't equal out to what we thought. According to this place cheese counts as a topping there. Then when we retold him the special he gave us and he got extremely rude over the phone. Saying he told us cheese counts as a topping. In what world does cheese count as a topping?? He proceeded to get angry and treat us like we were stupid. Don't order here.
1	This place is the pits. Rude staff. Out of date website. No healthy menu options and everything is made from the same pre-packaged low-cost-options as every other Costco based pizza joint in Vegas.The menu I found hanging from the no soliciting sign on my front door boldly proclaims antipasti and seafood options. The only "antipasti" is a pathetic salad consisting of romaine lettuce, ham, salami, tomato and provolone. Where's the prosciutto?Seafood options are limited to re-heated bulk store offerings. After calling in my order, the manager taking my order had to put me on hold for several minutes just to answer my question about where the clams originated.The website specifies delivery to North Las Vegas only, despite the restaurant being located in Centennial. Phoning back to address these issues directly with the manager on duty July 2, 2014, I was treated disrespectfully and hung up on. Very poor experience.
4	I just placed an order here and the guy on the phone was very nice... I ordered a half a bucket of plain chicken fingers..2 orders of cheese sticks...and a salad... $40 was not bad at all for the amount of food we got!!! The chicken fingers were so good!!! Yum!!! Cheese sticks were great also, but about 5 out of the box had no cheese at all! lol!! Overall this place has great food and the Phone dude and the Delivery Dude was super nice!! i will for sure order take out from Verdi's again!!!!
2	The food is good, but after we got our food, the waiter and a kitchen worker went outside to smoke a cigarette and left the door open.  The entire restaurant filled with gross smoke. Unpleasant experience and won't be back. We will call in for pick up next time.
1	So.... I was grabbing a free sandwich at Capriottis, but I was in the mood for chicken fingers and fries.... good ones.  Verdi was right next door.  So I walked in.  I looked through the menu and noticed that their fingers were $9 for five fingers, not including fries.... which is a good bit more than anywhere else, especially without fries.  The hostess let me know that you cannot sit inside and eat there unless you purchase a minimum of $10 per person.... which in and of itself was ridiculous.  Who puts a minimum order for dine-in?  Apparently only this place.  I also noticed that the dine-in menu had a 10" cheese pizza for $9, but the same pizza was $6 to go.  The lady said, "They're good, they are all white meat."  I don't know any place that isn't all white meat.... I walked out.....But it wasn't over.  I sat in my car for a moment and decided that while I was there, I may as well get their fingers because now driving someplace else would be a waste of time and gas.  So I went back in.... hoping the fingers were good.  I told the lady, in a joking manner that I decided to give them a try and that the fingers better be good!  She told me that the two people in their dining room (there were only two) are regulars and have the chicken fingers and garlic fries.  So I decided to give it a shot.  $9 for fingers.  $3.50 for garlic fries.  And $6 for a to-go pizza for a friend.While I went to chat with the two regulars to see what the food was like, my friend heard the hostess say with an attitude, "God, they're just fingers and fries."  Yeah.  They are.  Fingers and fries you want me to pay $12.50 for.  So no... they're not just fingers and fries when you charge more than anybody in the city for them.She also was caught saying, "Well they're better than McDonald's."  I would freaking hope so!!!!  You're kidding me right now!!!She gives me the receipt to sign.  And places an "x" next to the tip line and total line.  If they think they're getting tips when they are forcing you to take it to go, they have another thing coming.So we get the food and eat outside since we ordered the pizza off the to go menu.... so it was $6 instead of $9... making it impossible for us to dine in.  Even though I spent $20 for 2 people.  If we had wanted to, the pizza would immediately be $3 more, just to sit in their restaurant.The fingers.  There were five.  Two of them were tiny wanna-be fingers.  One was a little bigger, and only two were good sized.  And while they tasted decently, they are identical to other fingers elsewhere (Metro Pizza, Winchell's) that charge much less, and serve them with fries AND veggies instead of having to buy an order of fries on the side.  (Metro pizza is $10 after tax for the same fingers, fries, veggies, and extra ranch... and Winchell's is $7.99 for the chicken fingers--six of them--with veggies--and $1 extra for AMAZING fries).  They didn't warrant me to pay $9 for them.  The fries... that they call garlic fries.  Were a butt ton of those fries with the terrible, crispy orange seasoning on them (like curly fries) that make the texture terrible... with maybe a small sprinkle of garlic on them.  MAYBE one clove over an entire to-go box stuffed with fries.  Hardly garlic fries.  Not great.  If you are going to call something garlic fries, EVERY FRY should have a garlic taste.  Not ten fries out of a hundred.  They should be tossed with olive oil, and covered in roasted garlic...The pizza was eh.  The sauce was not evenly distributed, and my friend said that only one piece was actually good.So.... because of the ridiculousness of this place.... I won't be going back.  If you want to completely over-pay for food that is not as bad as McDonald's, but not much better.... this is where you want to eat.
4	Stopped by for lunch yesterday and overall the experience was pleasant.  The bruschetta was good, but my wife thought it had too much garlic (I can never get enough garlic).  The minestrone soup was excellent, my wife's chicken wrap and fries were nice.  My chicken Alfredo was ok, but a little bland.  If you don't like Frank Sinatra music, get your food to go.
5	Amazing place for a family dinner or for wine with girlfriends! This restaurant has a very homey feel to it. The food is AMAZING, CREAMY ,JUICY deliciousness.  Yup that what comes to mind when I hear Verdi because the pasta are so flavorful and amazing. You might see the owner sometimes shes also one of the cooks there very pretty and hardworking. When I read some of the bad reviews I just wanted to tell them... you guys seem like you were just having a bad day..lol prices not good for you? Then don't go there duh!  Anyway I would definitely go there A LOT  because all that juicy flavorful party that happens in my mouth is worth every penny!
2	Best thing about this place is that it's right next to Capriotti's, forreal.Go get a bobby next door, do yourself the favor.
