2	Let me just say that the Parmesan Chicken Sub from Pizza Extreme is AMAZING!!! I love that thing, and have gotten it there off and on for years.  I just am giving this a 2 star rating because the last two times in a row I've been to the Fish Hatchery location, I've gotten terrible customer service (though in fairness, it's always from the same person).  The Raymond Rd location I've had exceptional service from, and the food is all the same (yummy!)
5	Probably the best place for sandwiches in that area. Milios (right next door) ain't got nothing on the amazing deal you can get at Pizza Extreme. A sub, chip, and soda for 5.26 (includes tax). I LOVE this place. They make great subs for SUPER cheap. And they are always really nice. I've never experienced the bad customer service the other reviewer recieved and I've probably been there about 20 times. Definitely an office favorite.
1	Ok So I ordered a Pizza and WIngs this evening and was a bit frustrated. First the delivery time took 75 mins when I was quoted 45 to 60....not a super big deal but still frustrating. Then I look at my bill and really got ticked off....I had a coupon for 11.99 for my pizza and was charged 12.50 plus an additional 3.75 for toppings - can you say rip off? Then I was charged 1.50 for a delivery fee....the box says FREE DELIVERY. To top it all off after I called....whoever I talked to....simply said the delivery fee goes to the driver and they are supposed to inform people of that....well I didn't get informed. He then said he was sorry and sat there in silence until I simply hung up.I will not order from this location again and I will be attempting to get in contact with a corporate office.
1	"it's not terrible, i've had worse" - my girlfriend"for the first time in history, bacon actually made my pizza worse" - meAt least it was a fun experience ordering & waiting for my pizza to be ready, 15 minutes after it was suppose to be... ha ha
5	Some of the best deep dish pizzas in town. If you disagree, I doubt your understanding of what makes a great pizza! I work nearby so I've had every (no joke) pizza on the menu and they are all great. The KC Barbecue, Bucky and Olympic Garden are some of my favorites.
5	By far the best pizzas in town! The staff is always extremely friendly and the pizza is always delicious!
1	The girl who answered the phone tonight was really rude. The website said that it was open until 11pm and it was just 10pm so I called to order. The girl answered the phone and said in a really snarky voice that they were closed. I said to her that the website said that there was still an hour but she said well its not and hung up on me. I like their pizza but not the poor customer service.
4	I love the deep dish pizza and for lunch you get two big slices with a drink for 5 bucks. Awesome. Sandwiches are good too. Highly recommend.
