5	This is more specifically a review for the Saturday events,  but I'm sure the rest of the days were just as amazing. My small group showed up around 10am to start the festivities and we ended up staying until around 7pm when the Voyager cast ended, their session. We also watch the Cast of TNG.If you've never been to a convention of any sorts, but are really into something that has them, give it a shot. I have been watching Star Trek for many years and seeing the actors and actresses from the different shows in person. For me watching the Voyager crews interacting and answering questions just made me want to see the series all over again.For just general tickets for a single day was fairly inexpensive at $40. For more perks it does get up there. Many different photo ops and signing were going on all day. So many people were dressed up and everyone was having fun. I look forward to going to another convention at a later date.
3	This is mosly about the Vendor portion. I went with my kids to see the costumes and the merchandise.  We sat in on a couple of the interviews, but not being a "Trekie" . . .  The Vendor portin was very cool. There were many people in costume, even got to see some of the actors. Everyone was friendly, and seemed genuinely interested in what show we liked best. I think next year we will try to take in more of the "Trekkie" stuff, (interviews, parties, etc.)
3	Had a  great time. No themed bar or drinks boooo.
4	I love my Khan-ventions. :DPROS:* Dress up in Trek Cosplay* Meet fellow Trekkies/Trekkers* Listen to the celebs speak at the panels* Have the opportunity for photo ops and autographs* Crown Theater Trekkie Get Together (Trekkies only pay $5)* Vendors selling stuff* Being accepted into the Trek community* General Audience Admission cost per day is $35-40 * Trek Girls! We had a panel on it too! * Rod Roddenberry meets with the fans! * Screenings of Trek documentaries!CONS:* Overpriced photographs/autographs - but yeah, I still do it* Overpriced vendors* Not enough time for panelists - the Next Generation only got an hour... really?!?!?! How did Alice Krige (whom I do adore) get a hour to herself?* Some panelists were kinda eh... I don't really understand how a extra in a part gets to be a panelist* They need more night events for the general audience. They usually throw events for those who got the Captain's Chair or Gold Ticket and as much as I would want a Captain's Chair or Gold Ticket - it's always either: overpriced, you can't just buy certain days, or sold out. * The primary costume contest judges were not Trekkies/Trekkers. They were fashion/costume designers. I feel like they need to get some Trek costume designers to do the judging. My Advice to you guys if you plan on going to a Trek convention and I plan on going back!:* Dress up - it's fun and you won't be the only one!* Map out the schedule and determine the best days for you!* Go reserve your seat (if you have general tickets) early if you really want to take good photos)* BUY YOUR AUTOGRAPH/PHOTOGRAPHS EARLY. Buy it online from the website because it can be sold out if you really want their photo. Last year, Sir Patrick Stewart sold out but I have one planned out for another Trek convention - I already bought it and it's FIVE months from now. Also Shatner sold out but I was fortunate to get one with him!* When you go up to ask questions to the cast/crew people... MAKE SURE IT'S NOT A TYPICAL QUESTION... they are so used to the "what's your favorite episode" and such. Also, please keep up with what they are doing now or else you will end up saying something that is known. *If you have a complicated costume, STAY at the Rio - trust me.* Always ASK before taking a photo of someone, EVERYONE there is super nice and will let you take a photo of them!Would I go back:Yes. I love the people I met. I loved being able to meet the celebrities that made up Star Trek! I had more fun at the 2011 convention because we broke the world record for trek costumes and plus, Picard was there. It was also Leonard Nimoy's second to last appearance. But this year was great with the Four other captains - Bakula, Brooks, Mulgrew and Shatner!So ... I'm going to another convention in Feb!
4	Let it be known that I am a huge Star Trek fan.  When I was asked earlier this year if I would be interested in going to ST Con 2012, I jumped all over that opportunity.  I sure as hell couldn't convince my parents in the early - mid 90's to drive me to Vegas to meet my favorite actors.  I have been waiting 20 long years for the opportunity to meet and take pictures with the cast.  There are many elements to ST Con.  You need to keep to your planned itinerary.  Each room you enter needs a current wrist band, which is checked by  "security" personnel.  There is a main room where Q&A's, concerts, etc. can be had.  There also is a merchandise and photo-op room.  The merchandise is expensive, but where else could you find such a large archive of ST memorabilia.  The merchandise room also holds cast members offering great conversation and autographs/photo-ops for a minimal fee.  The official photo-ops are pretty damn expensive.  You spend less than 10 seconds taking the picture and you get a small printout the next day.  Mine cost $100 bucks for my buddy and I to have our picture taken with Kate and Robert, but the norm is around 50 bucks.  I will definitely head back to a Creation convention and ST Con, but next time with more $$$ and a command uniform.
