3	It's a fairly new Arby's near downtown. It's right across the street from the new Best Buy, which is next to the new Target and Home Depot. I know people like to hate on Arby's, but for some reason they are the only fast food place that doesn't make my stomach hurt. I usually get the French Dip, which for the price is actually pretty decent. Service is usually quick and friendly, and the store is never crowded. It's a good option if you're downtown and wanting a quick fast food run.
4	Shroom & Swiss!  Is what I tried the other day at this Arby's.  I was sort of in a rush to get somewhere but did not feel like cramming the usual fast food fare into my mouth.  There was a bit of a line, but it was worth the wait since they make the sandwiches to order and none are left baking under a heat lamp.The staff was nice and friendly and the dining room was kept pretty clean.  Ample parking is available for the location..... it's a bit hard to get to, but you end up turning left through a double yellow line if you are heading down Kings (toward CMC) with the BestBuy & Trader Joe's on your right hand side.The register displays what you order on an lcd screen right in front of you so there's less of a chance of it getting messed up along the way.
3	I'm not the biggest fan of Arby's but if I were to frequent one, this is the one to go to. Very well managed, clean, and chock full of friendly, well-dressed employees. Seriously, you would think that their entire crew is made up of all managers. Everyone (on the front line at least) are dressed in shirts and ties. Orders are quick and easy. You give 'em your name and they call it out when your food is ready. On to the meals...I used to work at Hardee's as a teen, so I used to see what exactly a roast beef carcass looked like before it was cooked. It was not a pretty sight at all. So, I bite my tongue and order one here every once in awhile. They're actually pretty tasty. The best way to go is The French Dip. I don't like my bread toasted because I swear it scrapes the bejesus out of my lips. I don't even use that cup o' grease...I mean, the au jus. I just like the beef and swiss. Arby's sauce and horseradish are a must. Chicken sandwiches are better than Mickey D's or that horrid place called Burger King, but not as good as Wendy's or Chik Fil A. (Zaxbys is king!) Never tried their chicken fingers here.Sides are either fries (pretty good), onion rings (too thick), or potato cakes (meh).Drinks are self-serve, as they should be. Their Jamocha Shakes are no longer as good as they once were. They taste more like a regular chocolate shake. Forget about the apple/cherry turnovers. I think they have Otis Spunkmeyer or Pepperidge Farms make them now these days. Parking is plentiful but entering and exiting is a headscratcher for those unfamiliar with the area.Your pal,Walter
1	I gave one star because you can't give none!! The manager, Mary Figerarro was mean to me, she yelled at me and told me I was wrong because I wanted a sandwich that was cooked!! And continued to show her attitude problem about me having a different opinion about how done the roast should be cooked!!!!  I asked for a refund and she yelled at me again because I took my receipt!!!  She is a raging witch!!!
4	I just want to say that for a fast good restaurant the customer service is excellent. The food is always ok (but I don't expect if to be wonderful for $7). I went Monday 12/10 and the young man working the drive thru window was very pleasant. Asked if here was anything else I needed and had a friendly demeanor. I would go back to a place like Arbys to be treated with respect before I went to a different fast food restaurant! Good Customer service always makes you come back!
