1	So.. I was wanting to get my nails done. It has been a good 3 years since I had and saw this place as it is close to my home and they had an advertisement in the window for a full set for $20. Upon entering the place was really clean. They had 3 techs on duty that worked at both the nail salon and the tan salon attached to it. When I first entered the lady who greeted me and asked me what I was wanting. When I told her I was wanting the full set as advertised she said she was on lunch and could not assist me but would check to see if one of the other 2 had time for me. One was doing a pedi and one was flipping through a magazine. A nice gentleman said he would do my nails. He was gentle and quick to get them done. I was in there a relatively short amount of time. They were a little longer than I had asked for, but looked decent despite the noticeable air bubble on my thumb from the gel coating. When I went to pay, he told me it was going to be $32. When I asked about why so much of a difference he said it was because of the gel coating which I was cool with. After tip total paid was $42.  Speed forward 4 days after I got them done and 3 of my nails were already lifting! WTF!! Acrylic nails usually last about 2 weeks or so before they begin lifting. I was not pleased as I had just spent over $40 on nails that had last less than a week. Needless to say I will not be returning.
5	Love this place they do a great job and very quick!!!! Went to bellisima nails and therr not as great then nail pro!!!! Costumer service great and they dont try to upsale you on anything!!!!
1	Don't go, called in advance to set an appointment at 1:30, showed up having to wait damn near an hour and ended up leaving and not getting anything done. Oh and along with other customers that decided to leave as well.
1	The story behind this ridiculous excuse of a business is really one for the books. I've never in my life stepped into a nail salon with such terrible customer service. My instructions were clear - I wanted the acrylics I had on removed, and a gel french manicure applied. Upon inspection of my nails the manicurist (by the name of Cathy) said that the better option was to leave the acrylics on and put gel over it because it was better for the health of your nails. Fine.Just kidding, not fine. So she went ahead and did that - and also went ahead and removed the pedicure I'd had on previously. Performing a manicure on my finger nails and causing my middle finger on my right hand to bleed. I understand this happens, however... Not only did she not apologize but she merely slapped on a piece of paper towel and rubbing alcohol and walked away. She then proceeded to come back 10 minutes later and try to super glue the skin together, which I learned is also a common technique - and then subsequently super glued my fingers together.Finishing off the gel set, I told the manicurist I was unsatisfied with how they looked and she began to argue with me that she only put on one coat of each and that that's how it was supposed to look. So in total I paid $48.50 for some shovel nails and an unpleasant time. Having had the most abhorrent experience I went home and told my sister how I felt. Being a cosmetologist herself she found it absolutely ridiculous that this lady even took my money with me clearly explaining that I was unsatisfied. We went back to the place no more than 15 minutes later to ask for a refund - and in Cathy's defense she did offer to help fix it. But there was no way I was letting some lady who just cut me and glued my fingers together to go anywhere near my nails. So we continued to argue and her accused manager escalated the situation beyond necessary means and called the COPS?! Like... what?! Over fifty dollars? YES, YES GIRL. Do not expect good service at this place. Avoid it at all costs. Just don't do it.
