3	Yes, so it's fast food with a mediterranean twist, but at the end of the day it's still fast food.It does all the usual greasy finger food staple, like burgers and pizza, but they also do some tasty greek-inspired dishes as well. Personally, I love anything with cheese, sun-blushed tomato, aubergine or avocado in it, but I can't help but thinking this is just yet another fast food place in a part of the city where there are already way too many.It's not open late at night, so it's not ideal for your munchies when it's chucking-out time in the pubs, but if you're after a greasy grab-and-go lunch then you might want to give it a try.
2	This place fails to adhere to my cardinal rule about fast food restaurants - never put out of date, sun bleached pictures of your crappy food in the window as a means of attracting business.Constantinople tries to provide to those who want greasy chips and bugers and other traditional post-pub food as well as providing to those who want falafel and other greek/mediterranean foods. As such, it doesnt really do well at providing either. You know what they say - jack of all trades, master of none.As a word of advice - for those who want greasy food, head to one of the many chippies further down the street, and for those who wan humous and falafel, head to Mediterranean gate, like 4 doors down.
3	I've not had the poorest of experiences in here, but it's not my favourite place to go, either.As the other reviewers have said, it's fast food. I'm a bit sickened by the amount of places in the heart of Edinburgh that offer nothing more than a pizza steeped in grease. What's worse is when owners try to tart the menu up by saying it's "Greek", or whatever. Just be honest about it - it's fast food, and you're cashing in on the roaring tourist trade that you know you'll do. It's not classy but there's also nothing wrong with that.I had a pizza from here once. It was nice - I certainly didn't find it off putting - but I wasn't buzzing to blog about it. It did the job since I was in a snacky mood, but there are far better places of this ilk to eat in Edinburgh.It's not bad, but I'm a little tired of fast food being the predominant dish of Scotland. We have so much to offer, and yet half of the places near the Royal Mile want us to coat our organs in deep fried cuisine.
2	Constantinople offers some pretty poor food which almost certainly won't be appreciated unless you're wasted.  I've been here twice, once on the way home from a night out, another sober about a fortnight ago.  The neon sign in the window doesn't bode well and the place just feels dark and depressing inside.  The menu has exactly what you would expect in the way of fast food with pizzas, kebabs and falafels.  I went for a chicken kebab with hummus which was disappointingly dry.  Further, it seems that most of what they serve is lathered in grease.  Having said this, it's not got anything which you wouldn't expect from a standard takeaway and the prices are cheap.  Still, the food's pretty bad!
