5	Come one come all... the holy grail of burritos.  Try tomatoes, potatoes and rice.  Find a spot to park next to the Hummer, the cop car, the fire truck, the Mercedes, and the VW bus, order your 10 lb burrito (which will cost you about the same as a double tall vanilla latte) and pop a squat at one of the picnic tables.  Worthy of a pilgrimage.
3	good menudo on weekends, decent burritos, but they get a crazy 2 point deduction for having watered down hunt's tomato sauce in lieu of salsa. i've actually seen this at several other phoenix area restaurants, so it might be contagious. their location on mohave is pretty gangxta, so make sure to tell all your out of town friends about that hole in the wall in that colorful neighborhood you love so much.
4	This it the place to get the best flour tortillas in town.  Huge, thin, and perfect for a snack in the car (while they are still warm from the griddle) and then my favorite quesadilla with the little containers of their hot sauce- with little seeds and lots of flavor.You will be the perfect guest if you take tortillas on the plane to your host...and you will be the envy of the flight if you have lunch to go.
4	Carolina's is a great lunch spot that is the closest thing Phoenix has to an LA-style tacqueria - hole in the wall location, minimal decor, iffy neighborhood and great Mexican food.  Pretty much everything I've had there is great, though a friend of mine swears by their enchiladas.  It gets packed around noon and stays that way until 1:15 or so and my favorite time to go there is around 2 to cram my face until 3 and pass out at my desk until 6.
5	One of my favorite Mexican places to eat in Phoenix.  this is definitely a lunch place (and very busy)... the exterior has been upgraded recently so it looks kinda nicer...  the atmosphere is different.  you order your food from a window and wait for your number to be called... all seating is on your own and at times it is though to get a seat...  despite all of this the food is excellent and cheap.If you go you should buy the tortillas to take home... they are HUGE and pretty tasty... the walls are plastered with awards for best tortillas in Phoenix...  I also recommend trying the tacos and burros...
4	No one who's eaten this food with me has ever been inside the restaurant.  No, I'm not pawning it off as my own.  I just know that some folks are willing to eat quite a bit of food that they might not eat if they saw where it was from.  Now that they are converts - I am tempted to take someone with me next time I grab their food - or maybe send them alone.  But I don't want to ruin a good thing. For the price of this food, you could get Taco Bell.  But if you can get Carolina's, why would you ever get Taco Bell?  I've always grabbed it on the way home from work - so around 6ish.  I have to say, besides the fact that it's in an older neighborhood, I've never seen any of the other things that seem to scare some of the other reviewers.  Maybe I'm just lucky.  Who knows.  All the food is so good I don't even know where to begin on what to suggest.  Something with a tortilla.  They are just that good.  Or - get whatever else you want and buy some extra tortillas to go.  Eat one on the way home like McDonald's Fries.  And just like Fries, they are SO much better when they are still warm.  5 stars for food, but losing some for parking and then their limited and spotty seating in the restaurant.  Wish I could go 4 1/2.Special note - They have some of the best Christmas Tamales in Phoenix.  But don't think you can just walk in and get them.  I'm not sure how soon the waiting list goes up, but you'll want to get on that list ASAP.  They sell out quite quickly.
2	The tortillas are worth 4 stars, but I think the rest is overrated. The machaca always struck me as bland.  Same with the tamales.  I'd much rather go up the street to Ranch Market/Tradiciones.And the hours are frustrating. Closed Sundays and shuts down too early the rest of the week.  The Cactus location is open later, but the food is no better and the dining room is depressing.
5	Leave it to my boyfriend and I to plan a vacation and have a trip to a Mexican restaurant be our first stop.  Yep, that's us!We read about this place in a travel guide.  The description said that we might fear our surroundings.  They were right!  There are bars on the windows!  But oh well.Because you know you are in a good Mexican restaurant when there are more Mexican-Americans in line than anything else and you can see them making the tortillas in the background.  Oh yum, you are in for something good.Adding to the ambiance is that your order off a very large board where there are no descriptions, only names of foods written in Spanish.  And you won't recognize LOTS of the words.  But why order a burrito when there are 15 things you've never heard of up there.  Go for some adventure!I did and wow was it a good choice.  Delicious tamales.  Awesome pork burritos.  The rice and beans are amazing.  And they have a nice variety of Mexican fountain drinks for the adventurous.Stop #1 on vacation was a good one.  Go and don't worry about the neighborhood ... they will know why you have come!
5	This is one of my favorite burrito spots.  Cheap, good quality, tasty...what more can you ask for????The tortilla's can make or break a tortilla....and they are definitely yummy.  My favorite here is the chorizo....FWIW....it's not located in the best neighborhood.....
5	echo on the other reviews, 1 million phoenicians can't be wrong (not scientific data, i know) if it weren't so dang far and scary hood, i'd be eating there more often.  if you gotta have the real deal, then worth the drive
5	Tortillas. Enchiladas. OAXACA SPECIAL.Don't go during lunchtime. Lines are outrageous and if it's during the summer the heat is unbearable (no a/c). Go in with an open mind.
5	Carolina's is like that older friend you had in high school who carried a knife; there's an element of danger in the distance, but you always feel taken care of.  I love that if the parking lot is full of fire trucks from Avondale, I can park at Homero's Christian Auto Care for $.50.  I also like the cost of tortillas which are good enough to grab two dozen of and run to your car and devour them until you feel the need to put the seat back into the food coma position.When I worked close by, I would stop in sometimes for the Oaxaca for breakfast...hangover be GONE!  Lunches usually steered me toward the green chili beef enchiladas. I once found a small rock in them and was not even swayed. Sometimes you just have to eat a rock, though I spit this one out. Now I don't mind that this place is run down and not how I imagine my dream home, my only real issue with Carolina's is the fact that they seem to use the cheapest, flimsiest plastic ware on the market. Otherwise, this place is all splendor.
4	Carolina's is simply great. They have Jamaica flavored drink in the fountain dispenser (it's red, it's tangy and it's delish), the creamiest refried beans you've ever experienced (lard-a-rific), hot ginormous fresh flour tortillas that melt in your mouth, chorizo that makes me buy it on impulse and freeze it for Carolina-free Sundays or long trips, and hot sauce so good it makes me crave it fortnightly. Oh, and if you've had a variation of the rolled tacos (flautas) at any of the local "-betos" in the Valley, you must try the Carolina's version...you'll never go back. But, my favorite thing on the menu is the astounding bean, potato and cheese burrito. The very definition of perfection.Sure, it's in South Phoenix down the street from where one of my childhood friends grew up (and the original Food City), sure it's always crazy busy so you sometimes have to park up the street and wait in a line that extends the end of the restaurant. (Uh, Saturdays and anytime around lunch time during the week are especially busy.) But, I'm sorry, in my opinion you haven't eaten Mexican food in Phoenix unless you've come here.
5	Authentic and flavourful mexican that's as good anything found across the border.  Perfect for a quick lunch if you can find a seat.  Go for the food not the ambiance.
5	Can't live here unless you love the hell out of this place!!But if you have any sense of what good food is, you'll love this place anyway! Shooot... okay, dang - where do I start?!?!I love their sauce! I am a sucker for killer sauce! It's freakin' awesome! I always order extra. Their tortillas are amazing!! They'd make an O'odham grandmother proud! I never leave there without a dozen... well, whatever's left of my dozen! The ONLY thing that kinda caught me off guard about this place was that the last time I was there... there werent any  prices listed. There's usually hanging number signs indicating food prices, but nothing! I was scared they were going to charge me whatever they like. but the prices are crazy cheap! You've got to love it!
5	great food..great prices!! As stated by everyone this place is the bomb. Great sauces and tortillas!! Yummy!!
5	Carolina's is likely the most 'authentic' and delicious Chihuahuan-style food in the Valley, at least that I've come across.  This is the style of Mexican food that I grew up eating, and although I love the whole spectrum, this type is my favorite due to its greasy-ness, inclination to corn tortillas, and beef ... lots n lots of beef.Carolina's is certainly the bare-minimum of establishments.  There is an order-counter, almost soup-nazi-esque as far as the intimidation factor goes, but the staff is extremely friendly and will help you customize your order.  You then have to wait for your number to be called as you stare at your oozing tiny dixie cups of salsa in anticipation.I always get the machaca burrito (holy smokes, my mouth is literally craving it now -- dammit, why did I write this so close to lunchtime?)  with sides of rice and beans.  I'm a bitchy critic when it comes to the latter, as the entire female familial line of P.'s can work out some magical rice and beans, yo ... and these compare favorably.  I wish Carolina was in my family.Oh, and they rock red Fanta as a soda option because they F'ING KNOW that the Mexis love their strawberry bubblegum flavored drinks.  I can never pass up this option no matter how hard I want Dr Pepper or Sprite instead.  Some sort of congenital condition, like its a vital fluid, that red Fanta.
4	Yummy, yummy, yummy!  My family and I have been eating at Carolina's for about 12 years now.  It is truly delicious mexican food.  They have the best beans, tortillas and enchilada sauce in town!  I cannot get enough of their food.  My favorite meal is a bean & cheese burrito enchilda style with a butter tortilla on the side.  Try it, I promise you will thank me.  This place is streaming with professional business people, police officers, firemen, construction workers and everyone in between.  The line is sometimes out the door on weekday lunch hour.  It is actually better to pre-call your order in, although the pick-up line can also pretty long at the lunch hour.  The only reason I am giving the restaurant 4 stars is due to the location and building's interior/exterior.  It is in a pretty poor neighborhood in a crumbling building.  But hey...maybe that add's to the authentic appeal?  Another Carolina's recently opened up on Cactus & Cave Creek, same food but much nicer location.  As an addendum to this review the food is definitely 5 stars - it is that good!  Try it!
5	Great thin homemade tortillas. Great breakfast machaca burritos.
5	This food is wonderful.  I moved to California 2 years ago, and I can't find anything half as good as Carolina's.  You can choose anything on the menu, and you won't be dissapointed.  This is the perfect example of a hole in the wall restaurant.  Great food and great prices!
1	Great tortillas and tamales served with sticky floors, scary bathrooms and regularly overflowing waste cans hurts Carolina's reputation. If they could hose the place down once in awhile, it would definately get more stars from me.
4	Down and dirty real Mexican food.  Strap on your kevlar vest, use the bathroom (so you don't have to use theirs), and get there before dark.  All kidding aside it's actually quite safe during the day. There are always plenty of cops, EMTs and firefighters getting their taco on for lunch.  I think it's a requirement for municipal workers to eat here at least once a week.The buttered tortillas will absolutely change your life.  I have dreams of their green machaca burro.  [pauses to salivate]They are REALLY busy between 12:00-12:30, so try and get there a little before or after to miss the rush and long line.  Or call your order in on the way and pick it up from the shorter pickup line (you can still eat in the restaurant).Aside from the ambiance, it might be the best Mexican restaurant in Phoenix.
5	How have I not reviewed sweet, sweet Carolina's?This place is a dump in the best possible way.  If you've never been here, you're likely to grimace upon arrival.  Sure, the neighborhood is rough, but the real shocker is how dirty this place looks, inside and out.Why 5 stars, then?  At Carolina's, it's all about the food.  The tortillas are, as already stated, to die for.  They're soft, yet strong.  Your burrito probably won't be exploding all over itself mid-meal.I'm a huge fan of the Oaxaca Burrito, which contains generous helpings of chorizo, potato, and other delicious goodies.  The machaca is also very good.Back to the dump factor (that sounded gross, sorry).  Normally I am easily creeped out by restaurant filth, but not here.  Carolina's reminds me of Christmas Eve parties at my Nana's.  Everyone sitting at shoddy tables in a little room, eating delicious food.  The only thing missing is the mariachi.
4	Bottom line-food excellent and restaurant kind of gross.  We opted to take our food out.  Possibly the best Mexican I've ever had. Beware of the soda machines-the dispenser stuck, so I ended up getting some hibiscus soda on my pants :(Anyway, excellent food that you can bring home or make a picnic of it.
5	*** I gave this 5 stars based on the best Mexican food I've had in AZ, not based on white linen and waiter service, just an fyi***I won't write too much as it seems that everyone already has. Both locations are GREAT. Some of the best "homestyle" Mexican I've ever had. I usually get the double wrapped enchilada combo that is pure saucy heaven! A great place to call ahead on a friday night when you're exhausted from work and not doing jack, pick up your food, pick up a six pack of Pacifico and head on home. Happiness is a sure bet!
4	The best Mexican food!  The chicken and cheese burrito is the best on the menu!  But I would suggest to do take-out because the place is not that nice to stay at.
4	I'm normally one to shy away from restaurants that appear (inside and out) as if they're going to give me the worst case of E. Coli/Salmonella/Asbestos/Gun-shot wounds I've ever had.But I just don't care when it comes to Carolinas!  Having worked at Sky Harbor for few years I ate here too often to count and never had a bad experience.Just don't look too closely at your surroundings when you're picking up your grub!
4	Good place, good food, but as the others have said the seating area could use some more attention and los banos need a heavy dose of TLC.  Avoid the 12 lunch rush if you are in a hurry otherwise certainly a place we will be back too when in the area..    I don't think they are open for dinner (but I not 100% sure on that) so the "concern" about getting there before dark should be a non-issue!
5	Rocks, paper, scissors...choose rocks..cuz thier jynormous tortillas rock! Not to mention their machaca...plus every other thing I have ever had there...I like the South location the best, but Cactus will do when heading North.
5	Best Mexican food in Phoenix.  The restaurant is located in a rough area, but it's worth the risk.  I prefer the Oaxaca's special, without the beans.  While there, order some tortilla's (either corn or flower) to take home.  They're fresh baked, still hot when you get them.  This isn't a restaurant to sit around and socialize with friend's. It's located in a cinder block building with bars on the windows. Also, they do not serve alcohol.  Try to get there while the sun is still shining. If working near downtown Phoenix and going to Carolina's for lunch, get there EARLY! The place is packed for lunch.
5	Raise your hand if you like authentic Mexican food....if you do, this is the spot. This place isn't much on the eyes, but your taste buds will probably spontaneously combust with enjoyment. If you're going durring lunch hours prepair to stand in line, and it'll probably be out the door. Apparently more, and more people are finding out about it. Dispite the line, it moves relatively fast. You can also call in your order before you get there too. Mine is speed dial 5 with the brail on it in case I go blind one day. While you're there, try a butter tortilla...Carolina's make they're own tortillas fresh.
4	Well everyone here is gai for Carolina's, so am I and I am thrilled that they opened a 2nd restaurant in my neck of the woods (Cave Creek and Cactus) because I don't go down by the airport that much.As others have stated, however, the original location has a lot of, shall we say, local color. A little too much for me. I felt like I was eating at a prison cafeteria; hell, a prison cafeteria probably has more ambience and is cleaner.On the few occasions I find myself going that way, I do take-out. I regularly buy tortillas by the dozen from them, they beat the hell out of supermarket-bought tortillas. The Cave Creek/Cactus location is a lot cleaner and in a much safer part of town, I have no problem eating in at that location.
5	Ah, the grating, whining sound of privileged white people who accidentally wandered outside their stucco-and-Xanax gated communities and saw what the real world looks like. Here's a news flash: Carolina's is a Mexican food restaurant in a neighborhood where--shh!--actual Latinos live!! In their native environment! How breathtakingly edgy! We could be killed at any time! Oh my stars and whiskers! Someone protect the Escalade!Enough already. It's not the Ritz, sure. But by LA or San Francisco or New York or Jersey or Philly or even Denver standards, this rapidly-gentrifying South Phoenix neighborhood is a walk in the park. Grow a pair and go get some of the best Mexican food you'll ever have. Carolina's tortillas are sublime, widely hailed as the best in town if not the entire Southwest. The machaca tacos will knock your socks off. Their beans are deliciously flavorful but not too heavy, and their rice is perfectly seasoned.  The chips and salsa are likewise fantastic, and the service is fast and friendly--especially if you're a "regular". They do a brisk business all day but expect an especially good crowd at lunchtime. Carolina's has a second location on Cactus and Cave Creek, and it's much less terrifying to poor whitey--cleaner, more upscale, in a nice safe suburban strip mall, and their food and staff are likewise great--but confidentially? It's even better here, at the original Carolina's on Mohave. Besides, with the number of EMTs and police officers who eat here all day, you're in good hands. There are a lot of good people and good things outside of Arizona's endless, funereal, racially and economically segregated gated housing developments. Get out of those self-made prisons and live a little.
5	Best damn chorizo, egg and potato burrito I've ever had.  Next to my grandmother's of course.
5	I can't possibly say anything that hasn't been said about this place.  Amazing salsa.  Lovely smell.  Chewy, gooey tortillas that they make in the back and you can see them do it.  Whenever I finish eating food from Carolina's, I cry a little... gentle, muffled sobs.They provided the food for an event that I had at work.  Luckily, some of my clients don't like tamales or delicious little burros, so when they left, I ate more than I should have.  Their pansiness is my benefit.If I could, I would make sweet, sweet love to Carolina.
4	Had Carolina's for lunch yesterday.  Just happened to be downtown with some clients I am consulting for.  Got the beef enchilada combo.  The food was great as always.  I usually go for the burros, although I rarely get through a foot long (who could?).My colleagues got cheese enchiladas and chicken tacos.  Everyone was very happy with the food, and we all left stuffed.  They even paid!  The only thing better then lunch at Carolina's is a free lunch at Carolina's.
4	It almost doesn't make sense reviewing a place that has 44 reviews and you're giving it what it averages, but I want to add my own two cents. Carolina's is a dive hole in the wall, that I wonder how it is still standing. It is dirty, in a terrible neighborhood, and has no table service. Knowing that before you go, you're in for a good meal! Their tortillas are incredible, and my favorite is the Chorizo and Potato burrito. The food takes a while to get, but it is so worth it. If you feel unsafe going here, there are always DPS, Sheriffs, PPD, PFD, etc. all over the place. It's probably the safest restaurant in town!Delicious.
3	Great food, but I had a problem with the cleanliness of the dining area.  While the food was great the seating was rough and there was never a clean table available.  The floor had food remnants all over it and I wasn't excited to stay and eat there.  I sat in my car outside and ate there.  Like I said, I enjoyed the food but without the restaurant experience.  I'll be back for takeout soon.
4	Now that I work so close to Carolina's.... I have been back 3 times within 2 1/2+ weeks!!  :)  Ah that red chile (add cheese) burrito and a taco duro!  YUM!  Make sure you get some tortilla's to go!
4	It's usually against my policy to review places that have been yelped to death. But in this case, I had to make an exception. I just got back to my desk, after consuming the most divine beef machaca burro that ever existed. Wow. The only reason I'm taking a star off, is because the atmosphere is like that of someone's garage.
5	I cannot say enough about Carolina's. By far the best Mexican joint in town. It's nothing to write home about in terms of atmosphere, but that's part of the experience.My favorite foods:- Any burrito, enchilada style with red sauce. Like everyone says, the tortillas are absolutely the best anywhere and that red sauce cannot be beat.- Chorizo anything.- The chips and salsa. I always buy an extra bag of chips to take home and the salsa is phenomenal.- Chocolate chimichangas. Small but oh so good.Try this one or their location in North Phoenix. You will be beyond impressed.
4	I eat here fairly regularly and have been doing so for years. It is not really what I would call pure authentic, but it is very good. I usually order the number 13 combo with taco, tostada, and a beef enchilada. The choriso breakfast burritos are really good also. This place is always very busy for lunch but we generally manage to get a table by the time our order is ready. If your going to do takeout call in your order so it will be ready when you get there.This is THE place to go buy freshly made flour tortillas, you order them, they make them, and you get them nice and warm.
4	Best Mexican food in the valley for the money!  Location is in a not so good part of town but a lot of local police and fireman eat there during lunch time during the week.  The tortillas are made fresh and you end up wanted to take some home with you.  The red chili burro is very good and the rice and beans is so fresh it makes your mouth water thinking about it!  There is a line during the week so be prepared but the food is ready in no time.  Staff is very nice and friendly, food is hot and fresh, not too bad!
3	I usually write long reviews but I'm going to keep it simple. Don't believe the hype. This is nothing more than fast food Mexican. If you have been Carambas, it's exactly the same tihng except it has more hype and there is more seating. Otherwise, the setting, format and style of Mexican food is exactly the same.  Carolinas is good but I heard amazing things about this place....along the lines of Best Mexican in Phoenix and nothing could be further from the truth.  Again, it was good food but if someone served you this food and made no mention of Carolina's, you wouldn't be able to distinguish this food from several dozen Mexican style pseudo fast food eateries. The salsa is also overrated. There is nothing special about it. Imagine if you took pico de gallo and regular runny salsa and combined the two.  That all this salsa is.  It's as if they poured the two into a vat and just mixed it. Sure, if you live near this place or your work place is near it, you should certainly check it out. You will enjoy it but you will not be mesmerized by it. I would definitely not go out of my way to eat there or take people there.In short: Highly Disappointed but still enjoyed the food.
4	The tortillas will make up for anything bad you may encounter.  You could put gerbil in one of those things and I'd gobble it up.
3	Been here probably one hundred times over several years; review is a bit tardy. The food is very good. The restaurant is a shameful dump. Money has been invested in the new location and it looks nice. A very small investment to fix the bathrooms, paint and decrepit floor would provide a more enjoyable place to sit down and eat; as such, orders are always to go and it's a three star rating.**"best mexican food", etc. is a tired, overused cliche in Arizona. More specifically, there are VERY few dishes that one would exert extra effort/distance to enjoy. The chorizo, egg, potato burro is one of those dishes, second only to St. Mary's (Tucson) carne seca, egg, potato burro.
5	Best tortillas in Arizona, not just Phoenix!!! Large, Fresh and sooo tasty. Reminds me of how my best friends' nana used to make. The beans are very tasty and love all the different burrito variations. You can't go wrong here.
2	Why all the hype? I am still pondering why people rave about this place after having lunch there last week.. The location is not in the best part of town, the dining area is pretty dirty (see attached pictures) and the service sucked.We ordered a beef chimichanga, which they left in the fryer too long so it came out almost burnt and it was tiny (like 4 bites and you're done tiny).A bean and cheese burrito (good, but nothing spectacular) and a chorizo tostada, I will say the chorizo was excellent and I am glad because I had to fight for it. The place was packed when we arrived so it took us about 40 minutes to order and get our food. They call out numbers for you to pick up your order so there is this constant drone of number calling and the speaker was really loud, it was pretty annoying. To pick up your food you give them your receipt with your number on it. They gave me a bean tostada instead of a chorizo and when I took it back the guy asked me for my number to prove I ordered it.. This was the same guy I gave the ticket to when I picked it up originally. I told him this and he sighed heavily and started picking though all the receipts in the stack... A few minutes later he locates it, rolls his eyes and hands me a new tostada..The food was average and the service sub par. I won't be returning... And there are Panderias on every corner so being able to buy home made tortillas really didn't impress me that much..
4	It is what it is - very good fast food Mexican restaurant in South Phoenix.
4	whoever said it was the best damn chorizo is right. so good its only right that carolinas is located in so phx. my friends and i went probably during the worst possible time for our first taste, during lunch hours (noon) and the place was PACKED. standing room only. we hoovered around people for a bit and managed to grab a table right when our food was up (which took about 15 minutes). the line to order was pretty quick though.i got a deep fried red chile burrito and my friends got tacos, a tamale, and an oaxaca burrito (chorizo with beans, potatoes, and cheese). that oaxaca was the best damn burrito i've ever had and am sad i didn't order it myself. my deep fried burrito was steaming hot and hard to eat so a quarter of the way through i gave up and just used a fork. i like my meat shredded, not chunky, but these chunks were tender and NON-FATTY. yes, that's right, not a single piece of fat in mine. amazing. the tacos were a little soggy but delicious none-the-less, their tortillas are amazing. i didn't get to try the tamale but my friend said it was definitely a winner. their fountain machine rocks. they have your usual mexican drinks on one side and pepsi products on the other. i got to mix in a little pepsi with my horchata and it is my new drink of choice.carolinas is a must-eat for any mexican foodie.
5	Carolina's is Mexico's preemptive answer to Americans who think Taco Bell is authentic Mexican food. It's tasty food served up with a side of beans in a building that under other circumstances would be better suited to an auto mechanic. But therein lies the charm. Carolina's seems to consciously embrace chaos by not having queues for customers to maintain an appropriate line and a menu that has seen better days (not to mention, some of the missing prices cause some confusion). It habitates in South Phoenix like a buoy in a hurricane, yet it fits and belongs and to perfectly complement the gritty reputation of its surroundings. When I used to work at 48th Street and Southern Ave, I would stop by here after calling in my order and treat my coworkers to the most amazing breakfast burritos this side of the border.
2	carolinas, your enchiladas ruined it for me.i can't imagine eating another one of your soggy tortillas swamped in a pool of the most horrifying enchilada sauce my taste buds have ever met. mole overload and non-existent chile. lacking any real taste to it whatsoever.disappointed.
5	I have eaten here many times.  The chorizo is excellent as well as the beans and tortillas.  You can call ahead to order a dozen or so tortillas at around 3 bucks, and they are the best tortillas I have ever had, as well they freeze well.  The staff is very helpful and friendly and I have recommended to many friends and family!
4	The place is a dive but the food is very good.  A major draw - the homemade tortillas fresh off the griddle.  Very convenient for Sky Harbor (and the car rentals) - either for eating right after landing or just before flying out.
5	Carolina's has the best tortillas in town, hands down.I'm going to pretend like I didn't read some of the reviews about the place being in the "ghetto" and not wanting to be there after dark, etc. My office is just across the street, and while I will admit that the neighborhood is different than the one I live in, I've never felt nervous about being there. Most of the residents of the neighborhood whom I have met and worked with are hardworking individuals just trying to make ends meet. Ok that's the end of my soapbox tirade. Moving on, we eat at Carolina's quite often since there aren't a whole lot of other options within walking distance and I'll be damned if I give up my covered parking space in the summer! I actually like the "cafeteria" type style of the place, and will occasionally eat there instead of ordering food to go. I love the Machaca burritos, and the breakfast burritos are to die for (and at $3 a pop, you can't beat it) Bottom line, I highly recommend checking out Carolina's for some good Mexican food!
5	I love this place!!!! OK it's not a place you actually want to dine in at but the food is so f'n good, just order and leave. I have had most things on the menu (no menudo though) but my fave is the machaca burros and crunchy tacos with a half dozen of the 1oz salsa cups. And after filling up on this I snuggle up to a dozen of warm fresh giant tortilla's (still in the wrappings of course). I like to order a quart of the machaca for later consumption in burro's, over rice, with eggs, my list could go on. You would think with the mounds of money they have to be making from the constant lines of people they would do some upgrades to the place. Oh well, keep the food great and we will keep coming.
5	Home made tortillas!!  Some of the best tortillas I've ever tasted and i grew up in the southwest.  price is cheap too.  i recommend ordering the Oaxaca (pronounced...Wahaka) burrito or the #13 combination plate.  The Oaxaca is filled with homemade chorizo, beans, potatoes and cheese.  The #13 plate comes with a beef enchilada, a beef taco, a bean tostada and beans and rice.  All for about $6.  Also, did I mention their tortillas are that good??  order the butter-tortillas for about 90 cents.Place is located in the heart of the barrio, but around lunch time you'll find people from all walks of life in there.  firefighters, police officers, academic counselors, business men from corpo america, etc...
5	Authentic Mexican food in an authentic Mexican barrio.  Yes, it's 'dirty' (although it has yet to fail a health inspection), and yes, it's not in a gentrified neighborhood where every building looks the same,  but it is some of the best 'home-cooked' Mexican you'll get this side of the border.  Personal favorites include the machaca, chorizo, and of course the tortillas.So if you want great street style Mexican food, this is the place for you,  but if you're uptight drone  who value style over substance stick to the tex-mex joints in your generic suburban strip malls.Remember to pick up a dozen or so of  their home made tortillas you take with you.  I wouldn't be surprised if they are amongst the best tortillas in the world!
5	I noticed just today that I still haven't handed out the coveted fiver to any Mexican restaurants yet, which is probably because I've only been rating places in Dallas.  For Mexican at its finest Phoenix is my city of choice.  And in this fine city is Carolina's, the epitome of everything a Mexican place should be, the gold standard for Mexican food if you will.  Here's why ...1) Cheap - Carolina's does to money what Jesus did to bread and fishes.  Find some change in your car or couch and you can feed a full family.  2) Delicious - Pick anything that rhymes with maraca (i.e. Machaca Burro or the Oxaca Special, my two faves) and get ready for it to blow you freaking mind!  Oh, and how could I forget ... The buttered tortilla is a piece of heaven, especially once you get to the middle.  My wife once made the mistake of having me hold her tortilla while she went to the bathroom, and after several minutes I just couldn't help myself and ate the butteriest middle bite.  She still to this day has not forgiven me for that.3) Ghetto - Every time I come here I'm worried the roof is going to collapse.  There's no back on my chair that's been bolted into the floor.  I would not come here at night for fear of getting my burro stolen, among other things.  All this adds to the experience.This place is as good an excuse as any to plan a trip to Phoenix.  If I lived here Carolina's would be the sole reason for me weighing 300 pounds, it is literally that amazing.
5	Best Mexican Fast Food in town! Love the Oaxaca burrito, tortillas to go (great with butter!). Other recommendations are the chicken burrito (very juicy!), and the machaca plate. It's all good! Service is fast, so don't worry if there's a line when you walk in. It's normal. I usually order to go...avoid the restrooms at all cost. If you must go, expect the same experience as a "Honey Bucket" (very gross!). If you want to dine in, go to the Shea location. The food is the same but bathrooms are much cleaner!
4	I love my Mexican food dripping with grease and this place does the trick. They do everything right on their menu. It is a great place for lunch when you work downtown. It gets pretty busy so call your order ahead. You won't be disappointed.
3	Alright first things first the Oaxaca burrito is a solid 5 stars but the rest of the menu is mediocre in the taste category with little in appeal beyond just a normal little mexican restaurant. The one on the south side is better than the one up north!!!
3	This hole in the wall was my first taste of Phoenix.  I came up to the front and asked the guy what was in the Machaca burrito.  That's a legit question, right?  He looks at me like I'm crazy, then starts naming things off slowly... him: "you wanna know what's IN the burrito?"me: "yeah"him: "ummm, machaca, beans, cheese" me: "nothing else?"him: "ummmm, naaaa"Well, I got it, not really any beans in it, and there was a liquid that looked cheesy, but not sure if it was actual cheese.  It did have some sort of sauce though and plenty of meat.  Overall, cheap and not bad, but also fell apart too easily.  It needs a stronger tortilla.
4	This place does have great food and totally lives up to it's reputation.  I just wish the location wasn't in the middle of the ghetto.  I'd only recommend getting take out, but if you'd like to experience the area by all means dine in and get the true experience.  The food is great hands down and the prices are almost the same in Mexico getting street tacos.  I'd really like to check out the other restaurants Carolina's has in the Phoenix metro to see if they live up to the orginal shack.  If they are even as close as good I'd be outrageously thrilled.
4	Decent food for decent prices. Not much in the way of decor (cement floors/ cafeteria style booth tables) but who cares? The green chili is delicious, the tortillas are always soft and warm, and although the place is more often than not packed, they pump the food out fast. Yummy.
5	I lived in the Phoenix area for nearly 4 years, but now I am back home in Boston.  People usually ask me if I miss Phoenix, and the truth is that I don't.  However, one thing about Phoenix that I do miss is the real MEXICAN FOOD.  I only ate at Carolina's once, but I still remember it being some of the best Mexican food I have ever had.  Make sure you get here early for lunch because this place gets packed!
4	Machaca Burro is ridiculous and the butter tortilla will take you to the promised land
4	People, stop complaining about this location. The reviewers are right, its a dive and there is no excuse for the dirty floors, tables, and bathrooms. They just don't want to spend the money.  Shame on them. They are certainly bringing in the bucks, and I love Carolina's but I will not eat at this location, it makes me angry because of the condition, especially with 2 more locations in North Phoenix and West Valley.The Carolina experience can be sublime ( 50% of the time ),  average (40% of the time), and below average the rest of the time. I have certainly gorged myself and keep coming back for more. It is still the standard for me. And they make the best machaca in the Valley. God bless them all.
5	holy guacamole! i just got back from getting my burrito, i loved it so much i couldn't wait to review it. i got a machaca burrito. it comes w/ just cheese but i asked for beans as well. OMGosh! i took one bite and i was in love. seriously. i'm going to have a big problem b/c i am going to be craving these burritos and they're just too far away from my home :'( homeade torillas, shredded beef seasoned just right, refried beans and cheese. so simple but so good!!!!! i will be back before i go home that's for sure! yummy!
5	One of the best Mexican restaurants I've been to in Phoenix.  Everything I've ever had here was good, except the guacamole.  The guac is bland and uninspiring.
5	Best tortillas in AZ is not a slogan. It's the truth. It's worth the trip every time. I go to this place everytime I  am in town. Chorizo is amazing! They sell it to take home too
4	So this is the thing, my hubby is a vegetarian. We recently found out that Carolina's puts lard in EVERYTHING. E-V-E-R-Y-T-H-I-N-G. Every single item on their menu contains lard....bummer! Especially because they've been selling us "vegetarian bean burritos" for the last year. I guess they don't consider lard to be an animal product?So for all of you vegetarians out there who eat tortillas or otherwise vegetarian items, beware!Looks like I'll be making solo trips to Carolina's from now on. Wah wah.
5	Cheap food.  Best taco's I've ever had.  A bit of a dive but that's part of the experience.
4	So after doing an internship in Downtown Phoenix, I was introduced to Carolina's. I was a little apprehensive at first, but I had heard many rants and raves about this hole and had to try for myself. After my first bite of Carolina's burrito, I was in love. It was awesome, and I continued to sample many of the items on Carolina's menu for the remainder of my internship, never once disappointed. I even brought home some of their famed tortillas - just those warmed with a little butter - simply melts in your mouth goodness. Awesome and cheap too!
4	I have to say, as a native Mexican and as an avid conoisseur of REAL Mexican food, Carolina's comes extremely close to the real thing. Unfortunately they are not quite there yet, but they are cutting it close. Their Breakfast menu definitely has to be the best around town when it comes to bombastic Chorizo Egg and Potatoes (Papas as we say in spanish) burritos, but any Chorizo burrito here is guaranteed to make your mouth water. Or as I like to say, it will feel like an orgy in your mouth!
5	I luv this place. Yes, its a hole in the wall, in the ghetto. Who cares...yes, it is a little run down. So what. The red chile beef plate and burrito are scrumptious. Big chunks of meat, sauce is flavorful, not bland at all and not too spicey. I would recommend getting your burrito dbl wrapped, because it does fall apart. You can also buy their homemade, still warm, tortillas for $3 a dozen. I would eat here everyday if I could.
3	So, I'll admit that I'm a ***bertos addict...I truly crave this food and I'm not really sure why.  My mom says that she ate nachos w/ jalepenos on a regular basis while pregnant with me.  Maybe that explains it.  Anyway, I've been wanting to try this place forever since they claim to have "the best tortillas in town."  I seized the opportunity to check it out since I had to drop a friend off at the airport this morning.   The exterior certainly leaves a lot to be desired, and the ambiance is about on par with the drunk tank at the fourth avenue jail (a good friend spent a most unfortunate night here and described it in detail).  The cold, stained cement floors, nasty old booths and 70's McDonald's style swivel plastic chairs which likely  needed a new coat of paint back in the early 80's.  I decided on a green chile burrito and my companion ordered the egg/chorizo/potato/cheese burrito.  After waiting for about 5-10 minutes, our number was called.  The first thing I noticed was that the burritos were quite small.   I knew, however, that I was in for a real treat with the piping hot, super chewy freshly made tortilla, and I was not disappointed.  The green chile, while tasty, had too much liquid and after inadvertantly puncturing my tortilla, I was left with a handful of sauce.  I certainly felt more than safe inside this place (despite the somewhat scary clientele) based on the table of twelve Phoenix police officers sitting across from us.  Overall, I would give the atmosphere 1.5 stars, and the food 3.75 stars.   It was definitely different than what I'm used to, and it gave me a small taste of the cultural melting pot known as South Phoenix.
4	Those of us that work in the downtown Phoenix area usually stick to places that are within walking distance when going out for lunch (we don't want to loose are good parking spot, right?!). However, a couple times a year, some lovely soul will decide to make a run to Carolina's and offer to get lunch, or breakfast, for a few people. This is where you can tell if you are in the cool crowd at work. We all know what it is like when you have to order and pick up food for 20 people = NOT FUN! If you get invited to join the "let's order from Carolina's" group, you know your haven't made anyone mad that day! I've only had the burritos and tacos but both have been delicious! The breakfast burritos are great.  If you let the tacos sit too long, they will get a little soggy/greasy, but in that really good way! =) Hot sauce is the perfect amount of spice, just about a medium I would say. The best part is the tortillas (corn or flour) that you can buy by the half or full dozen an take home to enjoy with your own creations. Warning: The flour tortillas are HUGE, yet soooooo good!!!! If someone at work mentions Carolina's, and I am lucky enough to be on the invite list, all previous lunch plans are in the trash and I am reaching for my Carolina's menu to scope out my selection!
5	Carolina's Mexican Food is both authentic and delicious!! Somewhat sketchy location, but if you carry out, the location doesn't make much of a difference. My favorites are the bean and cheese burrito and the green corn tamale (I'm a vegetarian, so I can't provide feedback on the meat, but I'm sure it's just as delicious). The tortilla's are handmade pieces of heaven, which you can purchase in bags for your own home-made delights. Today, I put my order in around 11:30, and the place was practically empty. But within five minutes, it completely filled up, so get there early if you don't want to wait! It took about 15 minutes for my food to come up (2 bean and cheese burritos and a tamale) which wasn't bad. The people watching is interesting enough to keep you entertained until your food is ready. If you're looking for some cheap, tasty Mexican food, and you're in the downtown area, I would definitely recommend Carolina's.
5	Aw Aw Aw AWESOME (sorry for the stutter...but it was hard for me to express how much I love Carolina's.) Growing up in a border town, I love my Mexican food.  This also makes me ultra critical of Mexican restaurants.....but I have nothing critical to say (which is strange coming from someone who has the tag line "always the critic.")The food is super authentic.  The price is great.  The facility is a total DIVE which makes me love it that much more.  The kitchen is wide open so you can watch the ARMY of staff making tortillas, prepping the food, and packing it for your tasty delight.  You gotta try this place!PS - pick up a pack of piping hot tortillas to take home.  They are the size of a manhole cover.
5	Yes, I love Carolina's.  It's pretty damned good.If you haven't been there then I suggest you check it out.  Even if only to experience the atmosphere and not necessarily the food.  But the food will keep you coming back.I wish I lived closer but it's probably a good thing that I don't.  I'd be eating foot-long Oaxaca burritos ($4.45) everyday.  I love them.  A Oaxaca burro consists of potatoes, beans, chorizo and cheese, and it's Sonoran bliss.  I also love the red chile burros.  I'm a burro guy so I pretty much stick to anything rolled in a tortilla.  Criticisms:  Seating area sucks.  Inefficient use of existing space (what's up with no seating in that first room area?), that's about it.Definitely go there.  And give me a call or a PM when you are so I can give you my order.
3	I almost feel peer pressure to give it another star, but it IS just A-OK for me.  Been here a few times, trying to love it more... The tortillas are awesome, and buy as many as you're going to eat w/in a few days... the tortillas aren't full of crap and won't stay soft forever.But for the rest, it's good or ok.  The Oaxaca burro consist of soft boiled potatoes (was scared it was the home fried kind) and really enjoyed it.  Meh on the enchiladas and the red chili beef's flavors were too muddied... not the bright chili flavor I get elsewhere.I'd come here whenever I'm looking for Mex in CenPho, but I wouldn't make a point to drive out to it.
5	The tortillas here are awesome, and every time I visit Carolina's, I walk out with a dozen.  The green machaca is excellent and quite possibly my favorite item on the menu after the tortillas.  I can't say I really didn't enjoy anything I tried here, except maybe the enchiladas, but I hate enchiladas, so it's not really fair.  The chicken chimichanga was very good when I had it, and I love getting a butter tortilla when I go in as well.A few other things, seating can be quite the pain when the place packs up, and it really gets packed around noon.  However, I do think the atmosphere is definitely part of the experience, I have been to the other locations, and there was something lacking there.  The food wasn't quite the same and it didn't feel quite as authentic.  This is the location I will consistently return to.
3	One of those neighborhood favorites.  It's similar to Tito's Taco's in Culver City, California but with a bigger and better menu.  People just seem to love this place.  It's a dicey neighborhood but people from all walks of life do come here.  Lock your car!!!I loved the chimichanga with guacamole and sour cream.......  Yummy.No doubt this is a place to visit,  it's grimy inside and out but it adds to the experience.......   I'd go back anytime......
3	12 inches of doughy glory covered in fiery red picante sauce.I sit here at my desk sipping my to go cup of hot sauce thinking about what to say and how to rate this place.The food was good, the prices were decent (I've seen better value), the ambiance is less than elegant, and the location is not exactly convenient.The negative notes aside, the menu is full of classics and interesting options like the foot long burrito.Their array of fountain drinks surprised me, it included the usual coke and Pepsi products, there was also unique flavors like apple and strawberry soda. There were also augas frescas in a refillable fountain format. Hot sauce is dispensed out of ketchup style pumps into small paper thimbles, luckily my side oder of chips ($1.50) gave me a 4oz cup of sauce that  I refilled several times (and am drinking from as I write this and sweat)The hot is is pretty good, a dark red, with spices and seeds visible it has a good spice note and a semi thick consistency.I put this sauce on my foot long potato and bean burrito (4.50) which came with a generous helping of cheese to my surprise.Overall it was a neat experience, I would go again but I am not in any real rush to go.
4	Four stars for this wonderful little hole in the wall kind of place.  The location is a little out of the way and I came in for lunch which is okay as there is a very varied crowd.  From longsleeved office workers to utility company uniformed types to gold chained and tatooed tough looking chaps, this place has it all.  Fret not because everyone's here for the good food :). I had a machaca plate and I like it very much.  The beef was nicely cooked, juicy and tender and full of juices.  The tortillas are home made and very elastic.  Yes elastic, cause u can pull on it and it will stretch, it's almost a little rubber band like.  Unlike most tortillas at other places that simply tears off and crumb when u pull on them, this one will flex with your pull :)I will be back for sure, can't wait to try their green chili burro :)
5	I love Carolina's and have been going there before it expanded to its current size, and every time I go, it's so satisfying! I was even happy when my family moved - we ended up closer to Carolina's.  I love the authenticity of the food but the lack of grease. I admit, sometimes I do like that greasy, fatty Mexican style food, but Carolina's is just as good without all that.I may be a bit boring, but my favorite is the #9 - the two machaca beef tacos plate. it's simple but perfect and always hits the spot. We also love to get tortillas and chorizo and make our own breakfast burritos to take to work or on the go. I also can't get enough of their hotsauce - quite possibly the best thing to come out of a ketchup dispenser since... ketchup.Be careful when you go. It's the busiest right in the middle of lunch - I've even seen a full fire engine take up the parking lot on their lunch break, and parking is limited. My secret? Call in a to-go order, and beat the long line when you arrive. While the location may be a bit out of the way, I recommend everyone make the trip just to try it out. This hole-in-the-wall taco joint definitely stands out against other popular stands (I'm looking at you, Filiberto's!!)
5	The place is a hole in the wall right behind the PHX car rental center. Arrived at dinner time, and had the best Mexican food! I had the #5 Machaca Plate w/rice, beans, & one of their homemade tortilla's burrito style. It was just amazing, and so cheap ($5.65). The only issue I have with this place is that its very well used, and looks very dirty, I did find it a bit sticky. Maybe this is a better place for pickup.  If you want a clean restaurant, their North restaurant on Cactus Road restaurant is much cleaner.
4	Second chances are a good thing right? I decided to give this place a 2nd chance and introduce a co worker.It was entertaining ot see my coworkers reaction to the 3rd world conditions inside, and his attitude change once he bit into this burrito.The food is the real star here with the tortillas as the backbone. I recommend getting your burrito foot long style for $.85 more. Not only is it unique it ends up being a decent value as you get 33-50% more than a usual burrito.The chips are nothing special but I do like the hot sauce in the ketchup style pumps.
5	I love this place a lot. I always try and come here whenever I am in the area. The machaca is awesome and the tortillas are amazing.  I haven't found anything on the menu I didn't enjoy.
5	Let me start by saying apparently I have no friends in Phoenix...... No one told me of this gem until last weekend. I have been out here for 12 years! I am not a big fan of Mexican food, unless it is done right. Yeah I've slummed it at the Taco Bell and took a step up to the Del Taco & of course I have been to Macayo's. I have to say I am in love with Carolina's! I had the Machaca burrito with potato or should I say Pappas! To say I am a fan is an understatement. The tortilla's are the best I've ever had delicious! The machaca (shredded beef with chile's, tomatoes, onions & spices) was perfection. Not to spicy and lots of meat they don't hold back. It's so tender and juicy the best machaca I've ever had. OK so confession time I had one on Saturday and was back for another today and bought a half dozen tortilla's! Yum! They are closed on Sunday and this location closes early through the week. In regards to the Ghetto reviews, it may not be your side of town but if you think this is the ghetto you obviously have never been to the ghetto. Both times I have been here no one has bothered me or approached me. Which is more than I can say for other parts of town. Damn near every car in the lot and across the street were under 5 years old and high end. BMW, Mercedes, Navigators and so on. No one is worried about having their expensive cars there. About the decor, this is not a zagat sit down matradee type restaurant. This is a dive, a joint, a place to get great Mexican food on the fly. Yeah the spot needs paint, soap, water and decor. But I would rather not pay for that and get my cheap delicious Machaca burrito. I have eaten there and taken it to-go. I will be back!Also the people were not rude to me they were busy as hell and very nice. I think some of the reviewers might want to come down from their ivory towers and enjoy some good food. Plain and simple. Carolina's is delish, I will be back and hope to see my fellow yelpers there!
5	Make sure you pull into this place caddy corner with a hunger for some real Mexican.  For real caddy corner, although illegal, use the pedestrian ramp  on the NW corner to launch into the parking lot.  Works best for leaving, when the place is packed. This place has some of the best tortillas, frijoles, chorizo and quesedillas in town.  The other Mexican joints are trying to do what Carolina's has been doing for years....  The only con is they aren't open on Sundays and that they could call in the amigos to renovate the place a bit....
4	I'll tell you what.  That Carolina sure knows how to make tortillas. And machaca.  And burritos with chorizo and potato.Here's to another 50 years.
5	I consider myself an expert on Mexican food and all I can say is Carolinas is the BOMB!!! If not the best, one of the best Mexican joints in PHX. The bean and cheese burrito was awesome and the machaca tacos were off the hook. It's the first time I've had machaca and it is fantastic. Carolinas is a must visit Valley establishment.
4	Carolina's is known for their tortillas and now I know why. I decided to check this spot out while apartment hunting in Central Phoenix. The place is a total dive and I love it!I got to try the machaca and I have to say that it was the best I've had so far in Phoenix (there is an overwhelming abundance of Mexican food out here so if anyone knows of any better, let me know). To top that off, all the fuss about their tortillas is true. They were extremely good. I liked that they were super thin and humongous. I even ended up buying a dozen of them (only $4).I'm looking forward to introducing some of my friends to this place. It's cheap, delicious and very satisfying.
5	Should be featured on the food channel's "Drive Ins Diners & Dives". Must admit the neighborhood is a little intimidating but the food is fantastic. When my kids come over from California they like to take tortillas back with them.
4	I love their tortillas and their salsa. Their salsa has a strong garlic flavor and is unlike any other mex joint I have encountered in AZ. Carolina's has a very extensive and cheap menu; two people can easily eat for under $10. Watch out! Carolina's gets CRAZY during peak eatin' hours from its downtown cult following.
1	Had a few people my roomie works with reccomend this place since we celebrate burrito Tuesday every week. We were both appalled by the taste and setup. The best explanation we could come up with was a Goodwill version of Taco Bell. Obviously a lot of people really enjoy it, but it is definitely one Mexican restaurant we will never think about eating at again. If there's a Cafe Rumba or Revo burrito in your area, hit either of those instead. They will knock your socks off!
5	Carolina's is absolutely amazing! My rating is definitely based off the quality and authenticity of the food. Yeah the downtown location is not the most inviting atmosphere, but really that's part of its charm. There are people from all walks of life in there, sharing in a common love of authentic Mexican food. This may not be the best spot for a first date, but a great place to go over and over again. During peak hours it gets really busy (both lunch and dinner ). If you are in a hurry, call ahead to order.
5	This place is a dive in every sense of the word.  Don't let the seedy location put you off in going here.  This may very well be the best, and most authenticate Mexican food I've had anywhere.  The enchilada sauce is bomb!If you love Mexican cuisine, the is must in your places to go eat.
5	Best of PHX.  Authentic food in a neighborhood with no pretension.  Treat yourself.
5	This is the best Mexican food I have ever had... There tortillas are the best in town! 5 stars
5	The best Mexican food I have had in my life. Someday I will master the technique to eat a burrito without a blowout.The good - Food The bad - long linesThe ugly - location / parking
5	After experiencing the wonder that is Carolina's West, I decided to check out the original location. To say the place is rough looking would be a major understatement. It is an old building in a marginal area. The floor in the place looks very garage-like, only with water and spilled soda puddling on the floor instead of motor oil. It all adds to the overall charm of the place. The food, of course, is top notch. As good or better than their West Valley location. Service is quick, and sometimes even friendly, though not uniformly. It was an experience I hope to repeat soon. Just great, basic, Mexican food.
5	Consistently delicious and crazy cheap. Amazing tortillas, chorizo burritos, tacos, machaca and tostados. Don't be deterred by the shabby exterior. Be cautious in evenings though...I was once accosted by a smelly derelict demanding money on the way in who was laying across my car when I left... I was pleasantly surprised when I went back into the establishment and two kitchen employees promptly jumped the counter and scared him off. Still doesn't stop me from coming back! It's worth it...
4	This place has some of the best chimichangas in Arizona.I love how crappy the building is because it makes the food so much better. I think pretty much everyone I have ever taken to this place got nervous about what was about to happen at first glimpse of the building.All have left happy to know the place existed and instant fans of the food.
4	I've been here quite a few times, and I always order the Oaxaca Special.  Although it's a little greasy, it's absolutely delicious.  The burritos are big and the prices are pretty reasonable.  The only thing I don't like about this place is the location.  It's in a not so great part of town, and the building looks super old and rundown.  The other two Carolina's locations are considerably nicer.
4	First of all to those calling this neighborhood a ghetto its not ,it is a barrio phoenix original barrio,and it is home to the oldest Mexican street gang which leads to the start of my review,yes Carolinas is a hole in the wall restaurant which i choose to order and dash i wont eat there,for some reason the locals will not mess with you or your car so you are safe  being there.the place is a bit on the dirty side, but damn it they have the best tortillas and green Chile burritos,their chorrizo is all right but not worth the price.Once upon a time their burritos where huge and full of meat but it seems since Carolina (respectfully)passed away her children have become stingy with the meat.Every chance i get when coming home from the east valley i stop there,but i usually go to the Peoria location.
5	Thank God there were some Mesa firemen standing outside this place when I pulled up as my wife was very uneasy about exiting our car and heading in.  Even trying to explain how fellow Yelpers loved it, did not ease her fears.  After a unanimous "Defnitely, it's awesome!" amongst the three battlers of the flame in response to my "Is this place worth going to?", we parked the car and walked on in.  This place is a definite hole in the wall (read: DUMP) and I/we LOVED it!  Great chicken tacos, awesome machaca (shredded beef) burros, delicious chorizo and the tamales were equally spectacular (homemade of course).  It's located in a somewhat dicey area of Phoenix, due west of the airport, but it's totally worth going to.  It has become my new "first stop" after I get off the plane at Sky Harbor.....unless I land too late at night....
4	Got the green chile burrito. I don't love refried beans. This is loaded with them. Still good tho. All diff cultures here. That's cool.
5	I grew up in Tucson, and this place rivals Mi Nidito in quality. Who cares if the building's a little run down? Architecture has nothing to do with flavor. I would have my wedding catered by Carolina's, if ever that day may come!!
5	The only review you'll ever need! The food rocks people quit being decor & location snobs and go eat some great food! They have 2 other locations as well. The lines and waits are long because we love the food! If it were empty I would be afraid.
3	Expecting good food. Was disappointed. The meat had no flavor. The tortillas looked good but were yellow.
5	Carolina's: My go-to mexican place, hands down. I have been to this place many times, and I will keep going back. My way of judging a Mexican food place is by the Tortilla. If they have a delicious, self-made, fresh tortilla, things are promising and that is exactly what Carolina's has. They have their awards on the wall for all the times they have been voted Best Tortilla in Phoenix, in case you don't wanna take my word for it.On to the food. I absolutely LOVE the food here! I have yet to try anything here that I didn't love. The tacos don't come in these pre-shapen, dried out, hard shells like some other places. You can see some of the grease on it form the very recent deep-frying, and it is perfectly crisp without being dried out. The meet is always cooked perfectly. I have never ordered something and been disappointed by dried out meat. Some of my favorite things here are the chimichanga and hard-shell beef tacos, which is shredded beef, not the crappy ground junk that a lot of places use. The Chimichangas have to be my favorite, though. I have never had a chimichanga this great. Be careful, though, because the inside of it is REALLY HOT. You will burn yourself if you don't let it cool a little. I would love to talk about the taste of the food more, but I'm making myself too hungry, so I'll move on.The best part about Carolina's is the price. You cannot beat the price for the quality of food you get. Tacos are all $0.75, all the time! I guarantee you will be filled up from tacos before you feel like you spent too much on them, and you won't be disappointed with the taste! I can't remember the exact price for the chimichangas, but I do remember that it is much less than you will pay anywhere else, and much more delicious!The location isn't the best, but who cares. The best stuff is always hard to find! If you don't think it's in a safe area and that is what's deterring you, don't let it. There are cops in and out of there all the time to eat. Plus, nobody wants to pull any crap here because it's just too good!EDIT: Tacos are not $0.75 anymore. I guess they are up to $2.00 now. New price is disappointing, but this doesn't change my rating because they are still the best tacos around!
5	Best Tortilla factory in the Valley, bar none. They seemingly make them after you order 'em so they are fresh as all get out.Even with the place being dirty and a bit gross on the inside, it still gets a 5 star.
4	Have you ever driven up to a restaurant that you read about on Yelp, took one look at it, & said, "Oh God, I don't think so!?"  That's what happened to me way back when this was the very first place I tried to go after I joined Yelp & started reading the reviews.  It was around January '09, & I just drove away.Eventually, I got up my nerve to reconsider it, because of all the rave reviews.  After all, Lim's Chinese Buffet up on Greenway looks like hell from the outside too, & it's good once you try it!  Ok, but when I tried to come here 2 or 3 times, people were lined up way back to order & the dining room was completely full, so I gave up.Finally this time I timed it to go on a Tuesday at 10:40 AM, figuring this would be as slow a time as it ever gets.  (Hell, if I can get into Matt's I ought to be able to get into this place!)  Ok, so it worked!  Yes, there was a line to order, but it didn't take long, & the dining room was only about half full.  They don't serve my usual Chiles Rellenos, but I ordered a #2 Combo ($5.65), which is a beef tamale & a cheese enchilada with Spanish Rice & refried beans, & added a shredded beef taco ($2) on the side.I guess I'd better say how the food was, huh?  Ok:WONDERFUL!  AMAZING!  SPECTACULAR!Carolina's here reminds me so much of a place over in the L.A. area.  It's in San Fernando, CA & it's called "Gourmet Tamale Factory".  The place is dumpy, but the food is out of this world.  This is that!     :-))
5	I sometimes convince myself that there are better Mexican restaurants in Phoenix, then I come here and the illusion is definately shattered. Except for the original Garcia's Las Avenidas's rice- Carolina's has the best of everything they do. I thought for a moment that the restauraunt Rito's had better tortillas, but then I bought a dozen. No way. My mom makes really good tortillas, but they are tied with Carolina's.I've had the following:Machaca- Melt in your mouth soft- perfect flavor, quality beefBeans- PerfectRice - Very GoodGreen Corn Tamale- My mouth just seriously watered thinking about itChicken Taco- Oh MyBeef Taco - Oh Oh MyChorizo Con Huevos- Dang- GoodCheese Tortilla - Dios Mio!Tortillas- Every meal on earth should be eaten with Carolina's tortillas- no more forks, no more knives, just tortillas.One thing- The Oaxaca burrito isn't good. It's the one thing I've even had from here that didn't knock me out.
5	It's an institution, and if you live in AZ you need to eat here.  The food is off the charts and you'll leave very full with lots of money left over.  It doesn't get better...
3	Make sure you bring your bullet proof vest to eat with you when you go to Carolina's Mexican Food because you are going to need it! Carolina's is located in the most ghetto neighborhood in all of Phoenix. It doesn't matter how hard they try to make this neighborhood look good with new fire stations and the like, it is still going to be ghetto. I had three tacos. I was hoping for taquitos but they were no where to be found on the menu. The tacos I did have cost $2 each and they weren't any better than what I could have gotten at Dell Taco. If I had gotten three tacos at Dell Taco I would have only paid $1.28, but here I paid $6. Tacos don't even have tomatoes on them! The food comes in take out containers regardless of whether or not you are eating in or out. Don't expect a lot of food because the containers are not that large. The food my co-workers got didn't look that much better than mine. The inside of this place is a real dump. For as much money as this place brings in, you think they could update it or add more seating. Even a new paint job on the interior and exterior would go a long way. Somehow they think people enjoy the charm of a dirty Mexican restaurant. I don't think that many people care, because they are there just to eat and get back to work as soon as possible, not to enjoy themselves. If you go here for lunch, you will end up waiting in a long line. And seating will be hard to find as the place is packed during lunch. Carolina's is probably better suited for take out. They serve food like a cafeteria; you order from the menu and they call your number. It is quick authentic Mexican food, without the fast-food nostalgia.
4	Excellent Burritos and tortillas.I had a Chorizo/Egg/Potato/Bean and a Green Chile and they were both super-tasty.  $7.98 total.The chorizo is different in a GOOD way than what I have had elsewhere in town.  The spices they use give it almost a "signature" taste.  A lot different than most I have had, possibly the tastiest.   It's easy to see why they sell the chorizo uncooked for people to take home - they know they have a winner on their hands.The green chile is very good too, and very close to Rito's flavor, which I have always considered the best green chile burro in town.  Rito's burros are a little bigger than these though.I'm going with a big-time thumbs up on Carolina's, a solid 4.5 stars.Can't wait to go back.....:)P.S.  UPDATE !!!After going for breakfast here about 10 out of the last 11 weekends, I still LOVE this place.  I normally now eat the Chorizo Tostada for breakfast, and get one of the burritos to take home - any flavor is good.  HOWEVER, I tried one item today that was sub-par and I'd like to warn people about.  The Hard Taco was not good AT ALL.  First, it was one of those taco shells which is not crunchy, and not soft, but kinda.....stretchy?  The meat was shredded beef, and it was greasy with no apparent seasonings.  Quite unexpected from a place where SO many things are GREAT.  Anyway, stay away from THAT one item, but everything else I have tried is great.P.S. UPDATE NUMBER 2:  The best time to eat at Carolina's is on Saturday.  They have the "Menudo Fixins" put out for you to use:  Chopped cilantro, chopped green and white onions, oregano, and red pepper flakes, and lemon wedges.  You don't have to eat menudo to use these fixins, and I like to put them on my tostadas or burros and it really takes the flavors to another plateau.  A must-do.
4	Agree with everyone else its definately a hole in the wall. The inside is very institutionalized. I feel like I am at a prison or something with old mcdonalds tables.6 of us went we all had something different. The size of the food is good. Its not like huge amounts. You order a chimmy you get a chimmy and thats it. After seeing their tortillas you could buy I assumed these burritos would be huge! But not so much. A few of the ladies we were with were not very comfortable being there.I would definately go back if there was someone looking for an authentic place to eat. Its the real deal.
4	A classic hole in the wall mexican restaurant and a Phoenix icon. Known best for their machaca and their hot, freshly made flour tortillas. Good food at great prices.For a photo of the best chimichanga in Phoenix and a full review, check out my blog post: http://blog.phosyzzle.com/carolinas
3	Hubby and I went to this place a couple of weeks ago, and I have to say that I wasn't very impressed.  I don't know who told these people how to make tortillas, but the ones my daughter bought were extremely large, limp, and thin--not at all like the authentic Mexican tortillas that I have gotten at many many other places.  Flour tortills are supposed to have some substance to them, and they shouldn't be tough and hard to tear, like these were.The place is a dump--I fully expected to see roaches crawling up the walls.  I didn't see that, but things like access to the ladies room by walking behind the beverage dispenser are totally unnecessary and not very appealing.  I ordered tamales--they were just okay -- not as good as the frozen ones I buy at CostCo!  The beans were fine, and the unlimited beverages is a plus.  I didn't have the ability to give this place only 2.5 stars, but would have if the ability had been there.  I know that this is the "home base" and "original" of this chain, but I felt very uncomfortable in the neighborhood and the restaurant, and I believe that the owners could clean the place up and turn it into a more appealing building/eatery.
4	Awesome authentic hole in the wall tucked away in Phoenix.  It's about 7 mins away from the airport, so make sure you stop by.  The fish tacos and burros are awesome, also the cheese breads are must haves.  Things are pretty cheap so feel free to split and share among friends so you can try it all.
5	Is this location a total shithole?  Yes. It used to be a LAUNDROMAT...Is the food amazing?  You bet your sweet patootie it is.  Do I bring out of town guest to this location on purpose?  That would be an affirmative.When I first went to Carolina's 4 years ago with coworkers for lunch, I thought "you people must be outta your damn mind."  But then I considered that one of my coworkers was nearly a septugenarian with a bad limp from a war injury, and I told myself to put on my big-girl panties and walk in.  And boy am I glad I did!I've tried several things: tacos are awesome, the green machaca is amazing (frankly, it makes me happy in my pants it's so good), the Oaxaca special is great, the enchiladas are eh to me, but lots of people freak out over the sauce, so def try it.  As many others have said, the proof of how good the food is in the tortillas.  When my boyfriend (still living out of town at the time) brought some of the tortillas home, his roomie joked that he could wallpaper his house with them.  They are big and beautiful.  Another thing to note, when I took my man here for the first time, there was a grandma-type coming in with two HUGE stock pots.  I figure, that has to be a good sign that it is worth it to her to hoof it in and out of that place for that much food.Yes, 12th and Mohave is well, for lack of a better term (and I apologize for the un-PC-ness) is in the barrio.  But for some reason, the sketchiness adds to the experience.  It's always busy, not matter when you go, and ladies, there usually ARE hot firemen there on Fridays for lunch.  So go for a happy tummy and some eye-candy.Truly, a can't-miss experience in Phoenix.
5	Now I know why they call this place a hole in the wall....it literally has a HOLE in the WALL.  Exposed drywall, sweat dripping off the AC unit onto your face while you wait in line to order -- exactly what you'd expect from the best burrito stop in town.  Order a dozen tortillas to go...you won't be disappointed -- they melt in your mouth!
5	Flew into AZ for a week's worth of business, and the first place my client's dragged me to for lunch was Carolina's. I was not entirely sure if my stomach could handle all that traveling, and then eating food from a rather dicey looking place, but oh boy, was my stomach thanking me over and over again!I have the Chicken Chimichanga with Guac and it was probably the best thing I have eaten in a very long time! Service was pretty fast considering the line that was growing by the minute. Food tasted great and was pretty darn cheap to boot! Needless to say, I was begging them to take me to Carolina's everyday for the next 5 days....oh what I would give to be able to eat this every single day
5	OMG!! May I pray upon the altar of Mexican food at Carolina's! I have been going to Carolina's since it was just a hole in the wall with no tables to sit at... It is amazing to see how much it has grown. We are huge fans of their burritos especially the Machaca Mix and the Oaxaca Special. We recently drove from SoCal to Phoenix and stayed overnight near downtown just so we could go to Carolina's for lunch! If you have not been here and are looking for the almighty of Mexican food then your search is over!
4	Worth driving through the barrio to get to. Their green chili burrito was very good. The dinning area is as sparse as it gets. White walls and basic chairs and tables. You don't go here for ambiance, you go for the food. You order from the counter and wait for your number to be called. Quite good.
5	BEST TORTILLAS! PERIOD!What an interesting place. I was amazed to see two hummers, a porsche, two beemers and a handful of trucks at "7: 30  AM"Breakfast burritos (Machaca+eggs) were so good, I drove back from Scottsdale for breakfast. This place is unbelievable. I highly reccommend a visit and buying a few dozons of tortillas (they freeze well, but separating the tortillas with a layer of plastic wrap will make your life very easy).If you have "done" Carolina's - SHOUT OUT!
4	I love their breakfast burritos, and their awesome enchilada sauce.  Hate that part of town but I have no problem driving through the hood for a good buttered tortilla and some beans.. ha ha
4	Sometimes I wonder how I have never heard of a place, I have lived in the area for almost 4 years now, and I have never heard of Carolina's. But alas, I finally found my new favorite I can practically walk there place!I am totally impressed with the quality of the Chorizo and tortillas. And to combine them with some eggs...heaven! They "home make" their own chorizo and tortillas, and the quality out of this world!Their Chimi's are really good too! If you are ever in the area, don't let the outside of the building scary you away, you will love their food!
4	On our way to PHX, we stopped off here for a quick lunch. What a surprise! In an interesting part of town, this place is amazing. The menu seemed very typical of Arizona mexican cuisine. The #10 Enchilada plate was delicious and the #5 Mechaca plate was incredible. For two people, we were easily out the door for under $15 with plenty of food. Definitely not a frilly atmosphere but the food is great, tortillas are made fresh out back and I can't wait to go back for more.
4	Yes, I am a fan of this place, always crowded for the lunch rush but your numnber gets called quickly.  Im going with the 3 beef enchiladas today, after I ordered someone walked by with the green and red chile, I am getting that next time!
4	Go here if you want old-school Mexican Food.  This place serves amazing tortillas; breakfast burritos and has pretty good authentic Mexican food.  I would give this place 5 stars, but the location is a little out of the way, which does give it some charm in the New Times sort of way.  During the winter in the mornings it can be a little cold, but the food warms you up and the wait is always worth it!
4	Hole in the wall? YesAmazing food? DefinitelyClean? Questionable but I could care lessThe tortillas are really as good as everyone claims. Food was prepared pretty quickly. I had two machaca tacos and the beef was really tender and flavorful. A friend from Phoenix recommended this place and we stopped by on a trip from up north. Next time I'm in Phoenix I'll make sure to stop by!
5	I have to tell ya, man, I really, really like this place.  Sitting inside, even though it gets incredibly packed, is a comforting experience.  There's something about being in Phoenix in the Spring, before it gets too hot, munching on a burrito and wincing at the blinding sunlight bleeding in through the door that just makes me feel incredible.People will bitch, and let them bitch; if they don't like this place, stay the fuck away, then.  This is MY joint.  Pretty much the best thing they've got going on there is the green chili cheese tortilla.  It is something to behold.  Every single time I've been there, I've ordered one.  Even if what I order for lunch is plenty, I will have the green chili cheese tortilla for later and I'll zap it in the microwave and nom on it hours later.
5	OK, confession time, here's how my last few trips to Phoenix have gone...Local Client:  Hey buddy, your flight gotten in yet?Me (Scarfing Carolina's within minutes of landing):  NOM NOM, just arrived...NOM NOM...20 minutes ago...NOM NOM..."Order 1536! 1536!"Local Client:  Why does it sound like you're eating burritos in the barrio?I love, love this place.  I look forward to the fresh tortillas and amazing burritos almost as much as the Phoenix weather in the winter.  My hands down favorites are the green chile burro and chorizo potato burro, but I'd probably take anything they threw my way.  My coworker tried one red chile beef and one machaca and couldn't stop raving about them to anyone who would listen.  And to think he looked at me like I was crazy when we first rolled up to a cement building in the 'hood for a quick business lunch!For those who might be put off by the location / atmosphere I say: live a little.   Nothing is going to happen to you, except you'll witness business guys in suits, blue collar workers, and neighborhood families alike enjoying the most mind-blowing burritos they've ever had.
5	Great Mexican food. They make their own fresh tortillas that they then package and sell (same with tortilla chips). My company gets them to cater our lunches sometimes and it is one of the more popular catered lunches. A lot of the other reviews are spot on, and I really don't have that much to add. If you have not tried this place yet, you're in for a treat. Try it out for great Mexican food that won't make you feel like you regret it later!
4	Good and quick. About what you would expect from a local mex place.
5	If you are looking for some honest to goodness, authentic Mexican food, Carolina's is it! Their green chile, machaca chimichanga will make you wanna slap your mama!  Be careful though! This place is in the hood! However, that's where you can find some of the best food!
5	I haven't had a bad plate of anything yet. Good eating!!!
5	Delicioso!  I LOVE mexican breakfast food.  Carolinas is not only for breakfast (their tamales are to die for too) but breakfast is what I can most accurately RAVE about at Carolinas.  Get the MACHACA!  Delicous beef 'ish' meat wrapped in homemade tortillas... still warm and stretchy! I finally physically went to Carolina's today and its great and to the point.  Order at the counter and its ready for you in a split second.  They have AWESOME SALSA in the 'eating area' to smother your machaca etc. with.   So yummy.  Its quite busy inside which is a fair representation of how scrumptious Carolina's is!  A true mexican food gem downtown.... which is nice to actually find because there are SO many choices... but CHOOSE CAROLINAS! :)
5	Amazzzzing Food!! The tortillas... ahh.. the stuff in the burritos would get 4 stars by me- but those tortillas get at least 10 & totally make up for it!! Ghetto place, awesome people, awesome food!!
4	Seriously, you might be a little weary coming here but for the love of all things good just go inside and try it! If you can find somewhere to park that is.You can definitely tell the crowd here is diverse and there are some regular patrons. This place was packed around lunch time and the staff here did an excellent job of keeping the line moving. I ordered some random combo that came with a taco and enchilada and tried a bit of the chicken quesadilla... freaking delicious. I now know why people come here. Not sure what they're putting in the food to make it so good - could it be love? Haha.
2	It's OK.  I hate to always be bitching about Mexican food in the Valley, but what can you do?  It's a disgrace.  The fact that this place appears to be some kind of Holy Grail of Mexican food here in Phoenix just seems to emphasize that point.Let's deal with the food first.  This isn't really Mexican food. It's Tex-Mex food.  That means you've got your choice of tacos, burritos, tostadas, enchiladas, chimichangas, etc.  We tried the "Oaxaca" burro (massive air quotes around the "Oaxaca" part of the name), which was just fine, but very, very small.  I mean seriously, i'ts beans, cheese, potatoes and a bit of chorizo - we're not talking ahi tuna here.  Why not give a normal sized portion?We tried the menudo which was delicious but again, a miniscule portion. And they can't even be bothered to give you a plastic bowl, so you have to eat it out of the styrofoam to go container.  I mean, for F's sake, they give me a plastic bowl at my favorite taco truck.  Still hungry, we ordered a combination plate, which was the same sort of tex-mex crap that you can get pretty much anywhere in town.  Not so great.It was all fine for what it is (I guess) but nothing that I would particularly go out of my way for, with the exception of the homemade flour tortillas, which were awesome.  I even bought some to go.  And that's about it for the food.Now as to the restaurant itself, it's actually pretty disgusting, to the point where one has to conclude that they are just showing contempt for the customers.  The place is filthy.  The bathrooms, in particular, are vile. As Tony Bourdain says, "I may not be able to look in the kitchen but I can check out the bathroom and that let's me know how much they care about the restaurant." Uh, exactly!   And the answer in Carolina's would seem to be, "not very much."  The surly and uninterested staff add to that special ambiance. We eat in lots of small ethnic restaurants and just because a place is "in the hood" doesn't mean it has to be gross.  Our favorite Salvadorean restaurant is in the hood but it's also hospital clean, which makes me pretty confident that the kitchen is also clean. Finally, the neighborhood.  LOL.  To describe this street as "in the hood" is an insult to "hoods" everywhere.  This street is one of the most blighted streets I've ever been on, anywhere.  I'm actually thinking of going back there today to do some documentary photos to send to my friends in Cambodia whose visions of America are mostly derived from CSI Miami.  Seriously, it's appalling.  The main thing I was thinking about driving away from there is that the Phoenix city government needs some kind of federal intervention.So would I eat there again?  Yeah, probably, if I was in the neighborhood.  Would I go out of my way to drive there?  No way.
4	While I love all kinds of food Mexican is not normally my first choice. After hearing so many great things about this place for years I was finally able to check it out.My dining partner and I shared the two beef enchilada combo, a beef tamale and a cheese crisp. The tamala was very mediocre. However, the enchiladas and cheese crisp were delicious!If you're in the area around lunch time this is a must try (if you are able to forgo the opportunity to eat at Lo Lo's.)  Although be forewarned - the lunch rush is pretty crazy and it may be difficult to find an open seat, but it's worth the try!
4	I came here to get take-out. It was broad daylight, so I wasn't too bothered by the sketch neighborhood. And I parked next to a Lexus in the hopes that my car would look so crappy in comparison no one would want to take it. I ordered the machaca plate with rice, beans, and a flour tortilla. After wrapping up only about a quarter of the machaca into my tortilla, I instantly regretted not getting another tortilla. I was in tortilla heaven. Soooo tasty! The machaca was awesome as well and I ate the entire meal without hesitation.
2	i was excited about trying Carolina's as the reviews were great but I have to say I was really disappointed.  First, it is not a restaurant per se but a fast food place where one orders from the counter.  Oh well, that is OK if the food is good but the menu was much like a Taco Bell with very little variation (tacos, burritos, chimichangas, etc.).  I ordered the beef enchiladas but to begin with I was really put off by all the styrofoam, everything was on styrofoam, the drinks, and the meal even if you were eating inside and then plastic forks.  No chips and salsa to start with just styrofoam!!  Then I had to take it back as they gave me chicken enchiladas even though it was marked correctly.  With that, I was looking forward to the meal but it was just 'blah', it was OK, nothing was wrong with it just not very flavorful (maybe it was the styrofoam! JK).  On the pro side, they were busy but got the order out quickly and they were nice enough.  However, if you are looking for a 'restaurant', this is not it, and you can pick up something on your lunch hour quickly and take it wherever but certainly not a dining experience so go with that in mind but there are too many good flavorful Mexican restaurants to go to than to hit Carolina's except for quickness and grab and go.
3	Press and word of mouth are very find to Carolina's Mexican Food.  You'll read about in papers and magazines, you'll see it on television and people will tell you about it.  A place like this will amaze you or leave you feeling let down.  For me it was the latter.  It may not be fair of me to hold the hype factor against Carolina's but it's hard not too.  The food was not bad by any means but it was nothing special compared to Mexican joints elsewhere.  I ordered the beef enchilada and taco meal.  It was good but not great.  I've had better at other Phoenix eateries.It's on the larger side for a divey Mexican joint but the eating area is drab and lives up to the grimy reputation of hole-in-the-wall restaurants.  This does not bother me in the least as I come for the food but this may be an issue for some.If you're overly picky about cleanliness be sure to avoid the bathroom.  I won't go out of my way to return to Carolina's but if I find myself in the area again I will be more than happy to drop by, try something else off the menu and see if I can't be swayed to update my review.
5	Excellent Enchaladas!As good as any you can get in any sit down mexican restaurant for about half price.
4	When I lived and worked in Phoenix, I had my first experience at Carolina's as a lunch trip with a coworker. She told me that they had the best tortillas and was fast enough to fit in our lunch break.I cannot tell you how delicious all their food is...flautas, enchiladas, combo plates, tacos. chimis, etc. Even though I'm back in Chicago, I dream about this place. I recommend it to my friends when they head to Phoenix area, and I hope that when I visit next, I have time to drive out for lunch.The sauces are delicious and everything is homemade. They take pride in their food and are quick with the service. Delicioso!
4	Quick, fast and cheap.. and decent food for the price, service and ambiance oopsI mean a no ambiance but hey they have the best tortillas in town and those hole in the wall places have the best food sometimes... In this case it was delish!  I don't mind that it was dirty!  LOL!  Had the Machacha Burro and it was all shredded beef but damn it was good for 3.50.  I can understand why the place is packed to the gills during lunch as I had been working near the airport and nothing too exciting around there without driving too much further during a short lunch break.  Friends ordered beef tacos and cheese enchaladas and said they were great!  Will visit again!
5	Shreded beef taco's are to die for!!
5	I have been eating at this location since I was 11 and now 28.  The food has always been consistent and was my first choice for the food at my wedding.  Honestly every is great but I find myself getting the hard tacos and bean with potato burrito.  A must go for anyone
1	The Carolina's in Peoria, AZ is run by anti-white Mexican American gang bangers. They sneer at you when you walk up to the counter to place your order. Don't get me wrong, the food is excellent. The counter service is terrible and there must be half a dozen vatos standing around doing absolutely nothing.The management at the original Phoenix location needs to take a drive out to Peoria and see just why customers are not returning here.
4	Whenever I'm in town, I always stop by for a breakfast burrito to start off the day.  They changed the parking a little bit so it's difficult to park on Mohave, but the lot on the west side of the building usually has a few spaces.  Although the surrounding neighborhood is a little run down and the wrought iron door can be a little intimidating, there is plenty of great food inside.Ordering is pretty straightforward and they're great at the basics.  The tortillas are always made fresh and you can see them prepare it.  Machaca isn't too common in the midwest, so it's always great to get some eggs, salsa, and machaca breakfast burrito.  It comes out hot and the tortilla is a little floury.  The value is always great here and there is plenty of spices and seasoning in anything you try.  The chorizo and potato breakfast burrito is also one of my faves.  A great place to start the day!
4	4 stars only because of the flies :/ but other than that they get 5 for the food mmm we love Mexican food being from Los Angeles it's hard to find good Mex food like home it's on every corner so when we traveled to Phoenix about 3 yrs ago we came across this place wow I'm so glad we did it is deliciousssss and homemade tortillas is always a plus so now I get a chance to yelp about it;) so were in town can't wait to hit this place again in a lil bit lol
5	Carolina's is a true staple of Mexican Food tradition in Phoenix.  They're food is authentic, delicious and well-priced....Absolutely LOVE the tamales and homemade tortillas!  For "throwdown," great Mexican Food; Carolina's is an absolute!
4	My time in Phoenix wasn't going to be complete without some Mexican food.  It didn't have to be "authentic," just a local's eatery.  I was already tired of the airport Mexican food, so instead of venturing straight there on my way out, I took a 20 minute detour to visit the city's top rated Mexican joint, none other than the infamous Carolina's.Ever have that uneasy feeling of "I don't know about this..." while exploring a new neighborhood?  This was exactly one of those times.  I already knew it was a dive, but I didn't know it was going to be a scene from the movies, almost as if Compton was ever smack dab in the middle of desert.  Even when we questioned our GPS directions, it never lead us astray.  Within a few minutes into a ghost town of project like homes, we found Carolina's.  There wasn't any windows, some minor graffiti, looking something like a warehouse with a bare parking lot.  The doors were painted black on an all white building, I was just waiting to open the doors to find bikers and extras from the movie From Dusk Till Dawn.Instead, I found a mix of patrons from all social classes, some waiting in line, and many sitting quietly enjoying their meal.  After a quick peak at the menu, I noticed nothing was in Spanish.  The guys behind the counter were all speaking flawless English and then I realized none of the clientele was Hispanic.  Could access to decent Mexican food be any easier?  I decided to ask the guys behind the counter for things that weren't on the menu and they jokingly retorted, "Go to Mexico, this is Carolinas."  The entire menu reminded me of the fast food Mexican joints (a la Muchas Gracias in Oregon) I've seen throughout the west coast, thought he prices weren't as dirt cheap as I had hoped but still a good deal nonetheless.Without abandon, I ordered a mix of enchiladas, tacos, tamales, and their infamous tortillas that were made in house.  In short, I did not come away disappointed.  The tamales were fresh, steaming away as I unwrapped the corn husks.  A quick cut into the masa revealed the fine starch hugging the bits of shredded chicken just perfectly and spiced with the perfect amount of salsa verde.  They were good enough for me to consider ordering a second one, but I was on a limited time frame.  The hard shelled taco was totally what I was used to back home - deep fried, packed, and super greasy - producing an unmistakable crunch without falling apart.  The enchiladas were drenched in a salsa roja sauce, meshed with a bed of frijoles and cheese.  This was greasy Mexican at it's finest, the kind where artery salvation was never part of the agenda, sinful with every bite.  A surprising thumbs up goes to their tortillas, simple yet hearty.  The tortillas con queso were undoubtedly cheesy and though nothing like the ones I've eaten in Mexico, were worth their weight in saturated fat.If I somehow warrant more visits to Phoenix, I can see myself coming out here for my greasy Mexican fix.  I still need to try their burritos, flautas, chimis, and tostadas.  If I like what I see and more importantly what I taste, I might be able to award this lil dive another whole star.
1	I don't understand what is so great about this place. I got the tacos and it was one of the worst that I ever had. I just moved here and still searching for a great taco place.
5	Great yelp find again! This is a must go to place once you land in PHX and before you depart as well.The tortillas are awesome/piping hot fresh and the food was better than most mexican places I normally go to in Cali. free refills on all drinks even the mexican drinks. Try the machaca plate or the chimichanga.
1	If you want Mexican food that tastes like it was bought off of a street vendor in Piedras Negras, then this is your place. I give this place one star for being a step above cat food. Awful, awful, awful!!!
4	Dirty little hole in the wall. Excellent food all the time. Tortilla's rock. I get a bag every time I go. Machaca, enchiladas are all great. Nothing is bad here. May be bad for you but just excellent mexican food. As Shelby A. Says:"If you want Mexican food that tastes like it was bought off of a street vendor in Piedras Negras, then this is your place."YES IT IS!!!!!! Thats exactly what I want!! That is the best kind of Mexican food!! There is nothing better than street vendors!!! This is nothing like that at all but it is damn good!!
4	A Phoenix essential. You are not there for the ambiance (what ambiance?), you are there to scarf down as many giant tortillas and tasty refried beans as you can!
1	I have a very hard time believeing this place warrants all of the high praise.  Maby the dining in experience is better.  My review is based on a catering order of breakfast burritos that my company did.  The burritos were poorly labled and was difficult to tell which ones did not have nasty chorizo in them.  The burrito I had a bite of and spat out was a salty, greasy mess.  Of course I picked a burrito with chorizo.  So glad I did not waste any calories on this.
5	You want truly authentic beef machaca with heavenly homemade tortillas, then you have come to the right place, they have original taco bell chairs from the 70's. The interior looks like a old abandoned school cafeteria, but never mind that the food is out of this world! I wish I lived closer to this gem! I tried their cactus location and it does not even compare to the south phx location on Mohave. Staff is ultra friendly.....they run a tight ship!
5	Good sign when the crowd includes policemen, firemen, business and more importantly locals.  Another good sign when my 3 and 4 year old make me wait in line not one extra time but two times so that they could get thirds.
1	1 - There were bars on the windows2 - The inside smelled like urine3 - A homeless guy came in and tried to steal my foodI can get past the ambiance, a lot of hole in the wall places actually have good food. I ordered the beef enchilada platter. I am about 85% certain the meat was not beef but rather dog or possibly a horse. Instead of red or green sauce they used some kind of brown gravy. The rice and beans were just a step below what you would find in a tv dinner.
5	I used Yelp to search for good Mexican food in Phoenix - after a string of disappointing Mexican experiences in Tucscon.  I wasn't disappointed by Carolina's.  To those who gave 3 and 4 stars because it's not shiny clean and chain-like: who cares?  The machaca burrito may be the best burrito anywhere - and I'm from Southern California.  I grew up eating SoCal Mexican 1-2 times a day (and it is still the best in the US on average).  I ordered another one halfway through the first, along with a stack of fresh tortillas to take back to New York.  This place is right by the airport and I almost want to route myself through Phoenix sometime just to go back.
4	This is how Mexican food should be served:It should cost about five bucks. You start with some form of tortilla, add refried beans, spanish rice, salsa, and lettuce, insert cheesey-messy-possibly-meaty-goodness and throw it all in a styrofoam container. Then, you ravage the contents of the container until there are fork scratch marks in the styrofoam. Thank you, Carolina's, for being one of the few, the brave, and the proud Mexican places to carry out this process with charm and elegance.
5	Quite simply, some of the most authentic, straight-forward Mexican food I've ever had.  I plan on making it a priority to stop here every time I'm in town from now on.
2	I succumbed to peer pressure!Don't you hate it when you don't trust your own instincts?  OK, so Yelp is a great resource and so are friends' recommendations.  But when it comes right down to it, it's all a matter of opinion.  When it comes to Carolina's Mexican Food, mine differs from most.I've mentioned in other reviews that I love the idea of a mom-n-pop place where local owners are doing their own thing, contributing to the local economy with jobs and paying their taxes.  Plus, this place makes their own tortilla shells. so that's a nice touch.The food isn't especially memorable.  The machaca or chicken tacos are appropriately sized overall, but contain mostly just iceburg.  See for yourself with the posted pics.  The chicken was flavorless, but the machaca was a bit easier to discern.  Also, the size of the cheese quesadilla was fine, though proportionately had little cheese.In the interest of safety, I would NOT recommend coming here at night alone.  If you must, be sure you're with a group of people and at least one or two of you have sobered after a night of drinking.  This place is OK for taking care of the munchies.  Just be sure you're careful to be safe in this less-than-stellar neighborhood.
2	Definite dive but the food was good.  They dont have carne Asada??!  That is weird to me...  Only green chile or red chile on the menu.  I was thinking- maybe they dont serve it becuase the meats too expensive- but then; there was tons of people in there so how can they NOT afford the meat when Filibertos has it??  Lots of cars in the parking lot and after we ordered it took like 20 minutes for our 1 BURRITO and 5 rolled taquitos/flautas... Im sorry- but that's way too long for simple taco truck orders.  The salsa cups are like the size of a THIMBLE so I had to like use a tray to carry over 7 thimbles of salsa to our table.  The restaurant is in a sketchy part of town and if it wasn't daytime with my stud of a BF, I would be concerned for my life and purse.  okay- back to the food.  The burrito was good.  The gauc is good.  It was all good but  the menu isn't something to RAVE about.  Im mexican so I could have made all the items on the menu by the time my ticket was called.
3	This is coming from a Hispanic woman very proud of her own home cooking. I make my own tortillas, beans, etc.. Consider the fact that I am a huge fan of my own cooking as you read this review. Normally, this is a pretty good joint. It's not bad if you're jonesing for a taco or some really good beans (and don't want to make it yourself). It is considerably tastier than any Filiberto's, and more authentic tasting than places like America's Taco shop. My faves are the butter-soaked tortillas, bean burritos, and chicken tacos. I keep it simple in simple joints. Today, unfortunately, it wasn't even close to as flavorful as it usually is. It wasn't worth the hour I put in at the gym afterwards. But hey! Normally it is worth a stop, especially if one is deprived of Mexican food at home.
5	Best tortillas in the state hands down. The usual for me is a bean n cheese burrito double wrapped. There salsa is also unique and delicious. Wouldn't mind if this place was opened later....
4	One does not go to Carolina's for ambience, decor, or service necessarily. One goes for amazingly delicious and authentic Mexican food-that's it. It's a dive establishment with hard chairs and bare walls that makes you feel like you're eating in some warehouse basement. The menu is pretty basic and it's a little confusing to figure out what items are vegetarian. Heads up, there aren't many. Even the guy taking our order was kind of confused. I could see it in his eyes (you don't eat meat?). We ordered the cheese enchiladas with green chile sauce, the green chile and cheese tamales and a dozen tortillas to take home. Those tamales were kick ass-only way to describe them. Of course we opened the tortillas and started eating them with our enchiladas. Still warm and soft they are far better than tortilla factory which I used to think was pretty good. I used the rest of the tortillas we had purchased to make veggie burritos at home. I would come back for those tortillas alone!
5	my wife put it succinctly. sometimes you don't really get to appreciate mexican food when all you ever eat is the standard TexMex places that we frequent. and then you eat at a place like Carolina's and your whole perspective changes. i had an online coupon for Carolina's and since we like to stay within our 1-2 mile home radius, it forced us to head outside our box. we invited a friend from out of town to meet us there and he texted me "man travis, i don't know about this place. it looks shady". i assured him that this place was well known and to just wait in the car until we got there and that as AZ is a gun loving place, i would come locked and loaded strapped with my military grade weaponry. i was surprised at how unappealing and simple this place was. but that's what works for it i guess. since we don't eat meat, our choices were limited, but what we did order was absolutely fantastic. i loved the tamales. they had a few prepared and we tore into ours. then the enchiladas with green sauce. we also ordered a dozen tortillas and ate 5 of them before making it home. i have 2 more coupons for this place and can't wait to go back. i'm sure they taste so good because of the cooking ingredients (being a vegetarian doesn't mean i have to sacrifice lard every now and then does it?). but for a special occasion, this place is worth our drive!
4	Great authentic Mexican food. It was very hole in the wall and place and looked dirty but the food was great!! The tortillas were the best I've ever had at a restaurant. It wasn't located in the best of locations, but next time I'm in Phoenix I'll be sure to stop by.
2	Had some tamales, and they were one of the worst I have ever had! There is no way this place is the best in town? Now I am not condemning this place, I will come back and give them another try. I will try something different and maybe I might change my mind. But I just don't get the hype!
2	Looks suspect however had good reviews so we are checking it out... Food was subpar there is a reason why the food is cheap....
4	Confession: I went to Carolinas at 9 am this morning for a tostada. I say it was a good breakfast. Also, in the early morning the restaurant is actually quiet! It's almost nice. Anyways, I'm glad they are open earlier, but I still haven't tried any breakfast options there.Carolinas is not pretty. It was a chinese restaurant, which become clear as soon as you walk in the door and see the crazy colors and zodiac symbols. The kitchen is wide open and it's always packed with people, so it is very very noisy! However, if you are willing to brave the atmosphere, the food is darn good. I like the beans more than any of the meat products, so I stick to burritos and tostadas normally, but every once in a while a chimichanga is worth a try.
5	This place is probably the best Mexican food I have ever had! The tortillas are home- made and sooooo good. I usually get a plain bean and chesse burrito and it never gets old.
4	I've lived in Phoenix since 1998 and have heard wonderful things about Carolina's since then, and until today, I had never been.My fiance and I stopped in today for a late lunch (around 2:30pm) and are so happy we did.  The place wasn't packed but it was busier than we expected.  We checked out the menu, made our selections, and ordered; he got the beef enchiladas and I got the flautas with beans & rice, plus a tortilla since they have such a reputation.We only had to wait a few minutes before our food was ready.  IT didn't disappoint!  The flautas were crispy, the shredded beef was flavorful, and the sour cream and shredded cheddar cheese were just right.  The rice was really good, but I think I'll skip the beans next time.  My fiance's beef enchiladas were good and he finished them all.The best part, though, was the tortilla.  Amazing.  Before we left, I picked up a dozen to enjoy later. Oh yeah, baby.
4	I never actually went into the restaurant. My friend, who's been telling me about Carolina's for years, brought over some take-out the other day.Prefacing our wolfing session, he informed me the meal might not be the greatest, but how the tortillas were the absolute bomb.He said they were the best in the valley, and how when he was in line to pickup the order, several people were there for only tortillas.Everything he said was accurate.My red chile was ok, nothing special. Refried beans, above average. The tortillas?Unbelievable.Growing up in south Phoenix, and having a plethora of Hispanic friends whose mom's all made homemade tortillas, Carolina's took me back to those happy days when mom sent me out into the hood looking for my father every weekend.I almost always found him at the Granillo residence, slurping menudo, drinking beer and eating Mrs Granillo's tortillas, which were the best in the hood.Carolinas reminded me of Mrs Granillo, my dad, and my mother yelling at him for coming home drunk. That is until he whipped out some of Mrs Granillo's tortillas, then she lost her mind and all was forgiven.If you go to Carolinas, order a dozen flour tortillas, and eat one or two.Then go out clubbing and get sloppy drunk.When your wife presses for where you've been all night, whip out the tortillas.They'll save your bacon.I know this first-hand.
3	Rolled in here for Lizunch today and the food was okizay, got the Bean Burro enchilada stizyle and must say the Tortilla was the best pizart, but I've had better Mexican food in Scottsdizale.
4	If you're looking for real Mexican in a hurry this is your place. This is one of places ill always bring out of town guests who can't find good Mexican. Now its not the best Mexican food in town, but its cheap, easy and a great take out. The tortillas are unbeatable and the chimichanga is what's up. Make sure you grab a butter tortilla for the ride home to hold you over while you smell all that delicious food.
4	The food and especially tortillas are amazing!  I would never eat at the location, but a quick pickup for lunch (during daylight!) is perfect.They are always cops there EATING so you know its good!
5	I seriously can't believe I haven't ever written a review of my favorite Mexican place in the entire world! Not like this place is still a secret, which is a good thing because hopefully that means it's not going anywhere. I should mention that I can't normally eat a lot of food in one sitting. But something magical happens to my stomach when I walk into Carolina's. I'm suddenly able to put away twice the amount of food as my male dining companions. The problem is, I can't ever decide whether to get the bean and cheese burrito or the red machaca burrito, so I just end up getting both. And finishing both. And it's not even difficult! These have to be two of the best burritos in the history of the world, and I'm sure a lot of it has to do with the ridiculously delicious tortillas they make here. I always pick up a dozen to take back with me to NYC, just to show people here that good Mexican DOES exist! It's just all, sadly, located in slightly shady parts of Phoenix (or in SoCal, or in actual Mexico). The wait to order is never very long, but the wait to get your food does seem endless. It's only because they make everything fresh to order, though! And it probably just feels like an eternity because I've really been waiting several MONTHS to eat this food, and that's just added to the 5-10 minute wait for the food to arrive. They have something here that I have never seen before...a Coke fountain AND a Pepsi fountain! And a smaller fountain with ok-tasting horchata and other Mexican refrescas. So no more fighting over whether a place is Coke or Pepsi, they've got it all covered. I could probably write several essays' worth of love for this place, but I'll save you all the time-just get off your butt and get to Carolina's ASAP! And if you're heading to NYC, bring me some tortillas! :)
4	TOR.TI.LLAS......Delicioso :)!! Andale mi amgos.....
5	This place has no comparison, the location may not be best but the food is excessively good!
3	Carolina's is usually great and cheap Mexican fare.  If you choose to have a 'cheat day' off of your normally healthy diet, this is a good choice.  The flour tortilla's are infamous, as well as the green chile (w/ pork).  The bean and potato burrito is good too.   Last week, a friend and I had an usually, poor meal (very cold dishes)...but I can't help but believe it was a very rare occurance...will give it another shot and assume it's not a trend.
5	Try the number 9, the most amazing tacos  ever.  And the chips and salsa are out of this world.
5	it took me awhile to actually find this place.  but it was well worth the wasted gas.the burritos, tacos, beans, rice are all good.  the food is top notch.if you go during lunch on a work week be prepared to wait in line to order and fight for an available table.  the food is worth the fight.
5	I will keep this simple, the food is good and the price is right.I eat here to often and have probably shortened my life expectancy (it isn't the healthiest choice in town)
3	This was supposed to be one of the best Mexican food in Phoenix and to be honest it was okay.  Don't get me wrong it was good but not one of the best.  The tortillas were very good, but everything else was just okay.  The last thing, bring your bullet proof vest, just kidding it just in a rough part of town.  Give it a try and see for yourself.
3	Look just because the place is in the ghetto doesn't mean it is going to be automatically good. I grew up a couple of miles from here and we have been coming here for ages. The rice and beans are decent but not the most awesome thing I have ever eaten.Let's just say everything is decent but it's not the greatest most flavorful mexican food there is. The enchilada sauce is mediocre, and the beef is so so. I will say the tortillas are great, huge and flavorful. We usually pick up a package on our way out. The place is a dive/dump but what do you expect?
1	This place is overrated. My taco shell was so greasy, I ordered a taco salad with shredded beef and got big giant hunks of beef. One time was enough for me, won't be back
5	Best Mexican food in town! Everything is delicious! Make sure you buy a dozen tortillas to take home.
4	I always say you cant judge spanish food by a bean and cheese burrito but man their footlong bean and cheese is da bomb!
5	Plenty of reviews here to give people an idea of what this place is.  Just add my name to those who give this five stars.  Tied with Elmer's and Rito's as the best Mexican food I've had in the valley.  Love the Chorizo.
2	I don't get it!I've heard a lot of about this place so I had to try.  At first glance this place gave you one of those uh-huh moments.  Yep, sketchy and a little ghetto I thought.  However, I risked my life for a burrito before!  I ordered the taco platter and my sister had the enchiladas.  I had to get some hot sauce out of the ketchup dispenser, which didn't look too clean, but I took my chances.  I would like to stress "hot" since it seemed like it was just "sauce".  I can't say too much about the taco since it felt like sustenance.  My sister's enchiladas weren't too bad.  Coming from the barrios of LA I definitely had better Mexican food.  The place itself is pretty simple. Basic tables and chairs nothing to wow and pop anybody, but I gather they weren't trying to.  Needless to say I've had better.... much better and I don't think I want to risk my life for this.  -  Enjoy!
3	Carolina's was the first stop we made in Phoenix. After a 6 hour long drive, we were in the mood for some Mexican so Carolina's seemed like a good idea. After getting off the freeway, I was a little confused on where this little Mexican joint was located. We were passing by random houses in a questionable neighborhood before we finally found it. Now, if this place isn't a dive, I don't know what is. The building reminded me of the old, rundown ones in LA, except this place was in the middle of desert. We walked in and got some weird stare downs from locals. I guess we stuck out like a sore thumb in this neck of the woods. The restaurant reminds me of an old-school cafeteria. The tables/booths were are like ones from the 70's. You might know what I'm talking about, some old donut shops still have them. Our plan was to just eat a little bit because we had dinner plans a little later that night. We decided to get 2 tacos and an enchilada with a side of chips. Although Mexican isn't anywhere close to my favorite type of food, I thought the food here was lacking compared to all its' rave reviews. Even my boyfriend who loves Mexican food thought it was just alright. Unfortunately we didn't get to try their tortillas that they're famous for. I don't know if Carolina's can beat the Mexican in SD. That's a tough call, but I can see how Carolina's would be a good spot if you're just in the mood for Mexican or maybe if it's late and you're piss drunk.
5	OMG!  I could drink the enchilada sauce and live on the tortillas!  BEST MEXICAN RESTAURANT.  Coke AND Pepsi! Genuine.  It's the first place I took my daughter when she returned from France.  Nothing says "Welcome to Arizona" like Carolina's!
2	Took the drive out to Phoenix hoping I'd finally find some great Mexican food. Unfortunately I was disappointed. I ordered a chorizo, egg, potato & bean Burrito. I gave that a 6/10. What killed it for me was the cleanliness of the restaurant. Dirty tables, salsa spilled on the floor & tables. Plus they said they had horchata...it was one of those OLE fountain drinks. I was shocked. Seriously if you can't make your own agua frescas, I can't trust you to make me Mexican food. I lived in California for 24years, 15min away from Mexicali, Mexico. I know Mexican food & this ain't it for me.
5	menudo. don't be scared. do it. you'll thank me later.ps, make sure you fill up your pint or half pint with all those fresh toppings they have out. don't miss out. do it. saturday mornings.
4	First off, I should mention that I am from Tucson, which I consider the Mexican food capital of the United States.  On a recent trip to Phoenix for a Diamondback's game, we decided to try the very well reviewed Carolina's for a bite to eat.  I am very glad we did.  Carolina's isn't a nice, sit down restaurant where you are going to take out of town visitors for dinner.  It's got tables, chairs, and a walk up counter for ordering your food.  Oh, and a huge menu, with some of the items available in bulk (pounds of chorizo, dozens of tortillas), and it seems to have all these items available all day.  I tried a combination plate with enchilada, taco, beans and rice.  The taco was great, with a homemade shell and very good shredded meat (which seems to have been formed into a patty) inside.  The beans had a good flavor, and the rice was fluffy.  While the enchilada tasted fine, I prefer my sauce to be a bit more orange (this was blood red), and less bitter.  My husband had a footlong chorizo and bean burro, which he said was very good.  Now, about these supposed "best tortillas in Arizona".  That title is still held (in my opinion), by St. Mary's Mexican food in Tucson, but these were very good.  Huge, and a little thicker than St. Mary's, they were good enough for us to buy a dozen to take home.  Overall, the prices at Carolina's were great, the food was very good, and we will be stopping back on our next trip up to Phoenix.
2	After decades of hearing about Carolina's we stopped by. I don't understand what the fuss is all about. If I was in the neighborhood and wanted some Mexican food I would stop in. But it is not worth any kind of drive. There are a hundred Mexican joints in the valley as good or better. I had the flauta special. Nothing special there. Three run of the mill flautas, a quarter cup of beans and a quarter cup of rice. The beans were ok the rice was not worth putting in your mouth. Plus you get to eat off of styrofoam to go boxes. The bean and cheese burro was run of the mill fast food Mexican. The only good thing I can say is the tortillas were above average. We bought a dozen to take home.
5	Best Tortillas Ever!!  Whenever I am in the vicinity of downtown Phoenix, I make it a point to stop by Carolina's.  Try their 3-way burro, and make it a foot long.  It is awesome.  I also make sure to bring home a dozen of their HUGE tortillas.The location is horrible, and the place looks a little scary, but you will always find local police, business men & women, and even celebrities eating there.It's the best hole in the wall Mexican food in the history of the world!
5	Best Mexican joint in Arizona! Red Chili is the greatest!
2	I'm so sad writing this review because I had such high expectations. I blame my husband for talking up the place so much.Totally overrated. Don't get me wrong, I'll eat anything, anywhere if it's good, so the totally sketched out location, and dive-y no frills decor (decor is the wrong word, there is no decor) didn't bother me. But I have to say, I've had vastly better Mexican food. We got the machaca hard tacos and the machaca was so bland. The chicken soft tacos were ok. The cheese enchilada was awful. The killer for me was the tortillas used in our dishes weren't fresh. Also, they ran out of tortillas which I wanted to purchase and I was bummed about that.My husband, who used to work in the area and frequented Carolinas says that this experience was a fluke, perhaps because we were there fairly close to closing time (although I don't think that's a valid excuse).I wasn't impressed. Hubby wants me to return for breakfast with him and give this place another shot. Eh, I won't go out of my way to come back but if I'm in the area (unlikely) I guess I'd be willing to give it another try :/
5	Taco's and a 3-way does it for me!
4	This location is in the hood but I don't care. I will go anywhere for Carolina's tacos! I don't know what they do to the tacos here but they are like crack. I could eat them everyday! With rice and beans and a side of sour cream. I can't get myself to order anything else. This Mexican food joint lives up to the hype.
4	I ate here for lunch today and had a green chile burrito.. YUM! The cashier was kind of rude and not very friendly though :(  That is the only reason I did not give 5 stars. Coming from a customer service background ,it is important to be professional and friendly. But the food gets 4 starts!
4	well as far as my foood it was amazing exp there homade tortillas...!! As as the customer service some chick was actually quite rude and had absolutley horrible cusotmer service
5	If I moved away from Phoenix, this would be one of the first places I would go to eat when visiting home.  The beef tacos are greasy but delicious, the chips & salsa are addicting.  Buy some extra sauce if you love salsa like I do.  The nice thing is they usually give a healthy amount with to-go orders.The eating area isn't the best but I never mind.  I wouldn't go there for a healthy eating or a nice dining experience.  Just great mexican food!
5	Whenever I am home visiting family in Phoenix I make sure to stop at Carolina's.  This is definitely my favorite place for Mexican food in Phoenix.  Its appearance may scare a first-timer...it is in a rough neighborhood and the building looks like it's on its last leg, but don't be fooled!  It has been my experience that the rougher a place looks, the tastier the food is.  We recently brought 3 dozen tortillas back with us to MA to eat and share with friends.  Everyone was impressed.  I usually order the taco & enchilada combo plate, which is absolutely delish.  If you get nothing else, be sure you get a buttered tortilla!
2	After reading the reviews I was really disappointed with this restaurant. The soft tacos were greasy and the hard shell tacos were nasty. Will not visit again.
3	They ruin an otherwise good taco by putting terrible cheese and terrible lettuce on it. The tamale I had was great... But I wouldn't come here for just that. As good as the butter tortilla sounds... I'll pass.5 stars for the tamale... 1 star for the tacos. 3 overall.
3	Coming from California, it's hard to find a "Carillos" equivalent, but Carolina's does a great job keeping me nostalgic. The homemade tortillas are just wonderful and it's a great place to stop for lunch. Be conscious of your lunch time because it does get crowded between 11 and 12:30. Great price for lunch, though. Love stopping by! The location is a little less to be desired and the parking is not always satisfactory, but worth it in the end.
4	Best tortillas in AZ . . . super thin and soft.  The only other tortillas I have had that are comparable are homemade ones my friend used to bring back from Tijuana.  The dishes themselves are ok, not spectacular.  I do like the breakfast burritos with egg, potatoes and chorizo though; unlike the other dishes, they are quite flavorful.  In fact, these are my favorite breakfast burritos from any establishment.
4	Phoenix is home to some good and cheap Mexican food. Carolina's is one of those places. I don't really come here for the tacos or burritos though. I come here for the godlike tortillas. That is the real draw of this place. I just flew back to Seattle with two dozen in my carry-on. They're seriously the size of your head.
4	Spent 3 years in Phoenix trying to find a good Mexican restaurant that reminded me of my hometown in California. Let's just say finding this hidden gems was as close as it gets. The outside of the restaurant is a bit run down and could scare potential customers away. However, that is what gives it great character and makes for a great  place to stop by. The food is amazing and the customer service is excellent. Would recommend to anybody looking for authentic Mexican food.
3	Carolina's claims to have the best tortillas in town, and that may be so, but what's inside them counts too, and here I didn't feel that this place lived up to the hype. Carolina's does offer good food for great value; I ordered two burros (green machaca and 3-way with beans) and made it out the door for around 7 bucks. As you'd expect at a place that's so insanely cheap, the dining room ain't much to look at. Would I go back? With so much top-notch Mexican food in Phoenix, probably not. But I would recommend Carolina's. They just need to get their other ingredients up to the level of their tortillas.
2	I was sooooo excited about trying the famous Carolinas that I hear everyone speak about. I was ok that it was a run down looking place, was even willing to go in 115 weather knowing they only had swamp coolers, this is how bad I wanted to try it. I ordered the red chile and bean burrito. The red chile had no flavor and was not even a touch of spice. Either they forgot to put beans in my burrito or they put a very small amount. I was dissapointed in this burrito. I also ordered a dozen tortillas, heard these are sooooo good.  These were good and a huge size. I wouldnt go out of my way for these. I know plenty of other mexican bakeries that make good tortillas. I may try this place agian if someone I know really wants to go, but i will not go out of my way and this is not a place I reccomend as good mexican food. I think alot of the good reviews were people who think taco bell is mexican food. Sadly dissapointed :(
5	Great burritos. Combo plates are also good. Great for breakfast, lunch and dinner. You have to watchout during lunch hours, small parking lot, small building equals big headaches..
4	WHat can I say about Carolina's?  It isn't pretty nor is it in the nicest part of town.  The service isn't particularly great and there is ALWAYS a line and a wait for your order.  The floors are bare and seating tight so you wonder why it gets four stars?  The answer is simple, the food is absolutely spot on!  There are about a half dozen elderly Mexican women making fresh tortillas at any one time, the kitchen though sparse, turns out food you can't wait to eat and everyone dining seems happy with what is in from of them regardless of having to bump elbows with your neighbors at times.One of my pre-travel rituals is a red chile chimichanga combo, which comes with rice, bean and a side of shredded lettuce, cheese, sour cream and guacamole.  Let me tell you this, they STUFF that freshly made tortilla with generously sized cubes of beef bathed in a delicious red chile sauce.  Refried beans may be refried beans but these just work, great consistency, texture exactly as it should be and taste "just like momma would make" (if momma was Mexican!)I'm a fan of Carolinas and though you don't start to find "frills" in restaurants until you head several mies North or East, I make it a point to take visiting family or friends by to taste some of the best Phoenix has on offer.
4	This is in a tough part of town, but well worth it. It is near the airport so that makes it easy as well. The food is very good here and they do a booming bussiness.So everything is very fresh all day long. You can eat here or get it to go. The dining room could use a major overhaul but, I guess it adds to the look.Very little parking but, you will find some becaue, again it is worth it. You can even get Tamales to go by the Dozen. Take them home and freeze them. Yes this Italian loves Mexican food as well. The prices are super resonable. Service is hit or miss, though they do work very hard here. Since they are always so busy. All good here.
5	I Love Carolina's ! Great Mexican food!Yummy all the way. Thanks to the power of Yelp, I did this place instead of some chain restaurant near downtown. I was kinda nervous in the ghetto neighborhood it was it but well worth it.   What a great discovery. Its hard to get all the basics exactly right but  Carolina's has delicious beans, rice, tortillas, and the Carne asada tacos are bomb!!. The service was quick and very pleasant. It's a counter order service and then they call out your name like a Starbucks but its yummy Mexican food. Its fast enough for lunch if you work downtown and have a 30 min lunch break. Call it in and have a coworker pick it up. 602-252-150310/15/2012 update: I went to an event one of our customers had, and it was catered by Carolina's. I diden't know they did that. It was awesome!
5	The food here is AMAZING!!!  I don't know what else to say.  This place doesn't have 4 stars and almost 250 reviews for no reason. Carolina's has been around forever and there's a reason for it. It's the best.
4	If you want to find a "real authentic" restaurant that's been in Arizona since 1968 then Carolina's is where you want to be. The neighborhood is  run down and you might not want to walk around there at night.  Saturday afternoon for lunch is pretty cool..  If you don't mind the bullet holes in the windows.   If you like the ambiance of a mess hall with grungy concrete floors.   No pictures of anything on the walls.   And you don't get turned off by this.   If you want  to take a date here, don't.     Personally, we love to try places in the heart of a Mexican neighborhood because you get the real deal.  The real folks who come to this Phoenix institution, however there are quite a few gringos like us.     As soon as you get your order you will find the food is oh so good.  You know you are in the right place.  You order at a counter and can see into the kitchen.  There must have been 20 ladies making homemade chips and tortillas.  The prices are really great and they have a rather basic menu.  I had the chicken enchilladas which were wonderful.  Usually, I get the green sauce but I forgot to mention that and so it was the red sauce which was incredibly good.  Hubby had the enchilladas with beef and it was equally as good.  Going to Carolina's is not just for the food.  It is the whole experience which you get upon entering it.  I took home some home made tortillas.  They are without a doubt the best ones I've had.  You can get lots of food by the dozen, but being I live in Tucson it is too far to have them make the trip back home.  Besides I would have nibbled on them going home.  So all in all, if you can deal with the ambiance of the place and just want some "down home" Mexican cooking, by all means give Carolina's a try.
3	I really love this place. The mixed burrito is excellent and really reasonably priced. If you love Mexican food, you need to come here. While the food is some of the best in Phoenix, there are a few things that keeps this place from being 5 stars: 1. It looks like your car will be broken into if you are not in the (small) parking lot; 2. The garbage cans are always overflowing... do they ever take the trash out?; 3. There is next to no seating; and 4. Definitely sat near a gang member getting lunch who stared my friends down during lunch. (don't see too many people at other Phoenix restaurants with "South Side" tattooed on the back of their head and neck.)
3	Tacos 5 starsBurritos 3 starsChips 3 stars (cold)Salsa 2 starsAmbiance 0 starsCleanliness 1 starIf you can get past eating in one of the diviest places around  and eating on paper plates you'll have some good food. If I was close by and craving a taco I'd stop by and get a couple to go
5	Best mexican food in downtown Phx!
5	Best burritos in town.  great salsa and the best homemade tortillas.  Check out this hidden jewel and don't let appearances deceive.  This is some of the best food in the valley.
4	Carolinas is an institution in Phoenix, hands down. They make their own tortillas in the restaurant, and they are the best you'll ever have! They literally melt in your mouth, also try the butter tortilla, its the best carb overload you'll ever have. A few other good things to try here:Machaca burrito or tacoBean and cheese burritosTostadas!Red and green chileIn all honesty anything you get here will be good. Don't be turned off by the area, its not that bad at all. The worst parts of town are over west of the 17 and further west of central, like way further west! Minus one star because their hours are fucking terrible. They close at 7 or 8, and they're not open on Sundays. This makes it a pain in the ass to get to on a weekday, since I'm coming from Tempe.
4	The food here is 5 stars. It is my favorite place to go for Mexican food. My favorite item on the menu is a #9, two tacos with beans and rice. All of the menu items are very reasonably priced and relative to the portion sizes.The only downside of this location is the decor. It is clearly a successful restaurant and they should invest in some better seating. It looks rather trashy on the inside, but then again, maybe that is part of its charm.
4	May look like a dump I a bad neighborhood, but this place is always packed at lunch. Hands down, my favorite Mexican joint north of the border
4	Dumpy place, DELICIOUS food. Honestly, who cares what this place looks like. We ordered our food, sat at a table and waited for our number to be called. My kids were skeptical at first but the waft of greasy, deep fried burritos reached their nostrils and all sense of doubt faded in the blink of an eye. Mmmm, mmm, mmmmm....chimichanga heaven. Even though this place is clearly not a 5 star restaurant, I highly recommend it to everyone.
4	Seriously unfair how good the tortillas are from Carolinas. Shit gets REAL at lunch time, prepare for long lines, crazy parking, and making new friends at the random seat you may find. We used to order ahead and pick up during my office days in the Valley. Machaca is solid, bean and cheese burro is up to par, and god help me I would hurt someone for the green chile right now. Weird location, but don't be afraid white people. It's soo delicious.
5	Oh burrito, where art though?I haven't had a good burrito in quite a while and decided that I wanted to visit Carolina's in South Phoenix (12th st and Mohave - just south of Lincoln) . I hadn't been to Carolina's (Cave Creek and Cactus) since we moved from North Phoenix a while ago. As my first visit to their downtown location, I was quickly reminded why this is one of my favorite Mexican food spots in Phoenix. I waited in a line filled with of "out of place" business casual, police officers, and Mexican nationals alike. This isn't exactly what I would call the normal business lunch locale; you don't come here for the ambiance. The food is served on styrofoam and paper plates, and the table service doesn't exist. I definitely don't suggest taking your special lady here on a date night.With ala-cart tacos and burritos ranging from a couple $ through six or seven, this place is easy on the wallet. This is exactly what I was looking for and I savored every last bite of my Machaca (aka: beef) burrito, and taco! That was one great meal. Now I can scurry back to my mid-town office and finish up the day in style. Carolina's claims the valley's best tortillas; which can be ordered by the dozen and taken home, and you won't hear any disagreements from me. The fresh made tortillas are super thin, tasty, and never seem to break when you eat them, like many others will do.Happy Yelping Phoenix, Carolina's serves up some mean Mexican delights!
5	This is what I would call a Phoenix Institution. Having eaten here many times over the span of 20+ years the food has never changed. Great food at great prices. Note they do close at 7pm most nights so get there early for dinner. Also get some fresh Tortilla's to go you will not regret it.
5	Love the food. It gets so busy during lunch I will call in my order. I love the green chile burro. I will also buy my tortillas there too.
5	C'Mon...  It's Carolina's!  I does not get any better than this if you want red chili burros.
4	The two tacos with rice and beans is my ultimate go-to food here. This location is a little far away from my home so we don't come here frequently. But I LOOVE the tacos. The tortillas are excellent as well. A local favorite, which can be seen for itself during lunch hours. The inside is not the most visually appealing (the walls are a bit cracked and don't get me started on the floor...) and there are only a few tables. This place is more ideal for takeout.
4	The best beef tacos in the valley!!! I also love the salsa because it has the right amount of heat. The homemade tortillas are excellent and I always get an order to go. I would give it five stars but the building is a dump. Still love Carolina's though!!!
2	I just dont get what the big fascination with this place...It's mediocre at best...I've had their beef hard shell tacos which are quiet greasy flavoress half the time.  Breakfast burrito was eh...would i go back willingly no, but if someone was buying me a free meal I couldnt go for it either.
3	Love the tortillas! The service despite being packed with customers is quick. The food was hyped up pretty good so maybe I expected more.  (Thats my fault for overly high expectations. I should know better.). Anyways, it is well worth the visit if at least to see what the talk is about & check it off the bucket list. Just remember rough part of town & yes, a homeless guy happened to ask for money. But hey, the homeless are all over downtown so not fair to judge this place on one homeless man. And he wasnt rude. Plus, you don't have to eat there & we didn't. Order to go. The tortillas make this place what it is. I'm a fat kid when it comes to tortillas & butter and could live off just that order alone. :)
2	So once again, I ordered the wrong thing. I must have. Everyone loves this place, so it must be me. Most Yelp reviews are great (which is why we met there), the people I was with loved their food (a burro & a chimichanga), the various police officers who swiftly came in and out seemed to enjoy their food, but I thought mine sucked! This smarts, particularly because I was so looking forward to eating "good Mexican in a sketchy neighborhood," as I had told my cousin weeks ago was high on the to-do list for our trip to Phoenix. The barbed wire behind the building, the rugged neighborhood, and the jammed paper towel dispenser in the restroom sure made it seem sketchy enough to be good, but the food disappointed me. So what gives?Does it serve me right for not ordering off the giant menu on the wall? I asked if they could make enchiladas verdes and they said yes, so I went for it. The chicken, by the by, was fantastic--very white and tender and it looked great, especially in my cousin's burro, but the sauce on my enchiladas was not green, it was more of a MRSA-discharge yellow. In addition, the sauce was so creamy that it was goopy, it was flavorless, and it was not hot. (Er, it was not hot temperature-wise, nor was it spicy).My cousin ordered chips and salsa with her burro (an enormous bag), so after I finished picking the chicken out of the enchiladas, I ate some of her chips using my refried beans as a dip. The salsa was good, though, and the kind of spicy that accumulates and sneaks up on you. Also, their pop machine dispenses horchata.  Still, I would not go to Carolina's again.
5	Holy shit...I just found my most favorite Mexican food EVER...and it's about 1,500 miles from home! You've got to be kidding me, right?!? How's that for a slap in the face?!?  On a 6 day vacation, we ended up here 3 times and our drive was about 20-25 minutes each way. It's that good folks! If I lived closer, I would have been more adventures and tried more things on the menu...but the feeling of not eating more machacha made me want to cry. A #7 combo is where it's at. The machaca is AMAZING. I also had a bite of a chorizo burro, also amazing but I had to stick to the tacos. Pro Tip: Don't be fooled by the horchata in the fountain drink thing-a-ma-bob....it's awesome! Give it a swish in your cup and you're good to go!
4	Probably one of the most authentic economic Mexican restaurants in Phoenix for red and green chile.  The neighborhood will scare you if you are not comfortable eating amongst the Hispanic community in their own backyard but if you can get past that you will not be sorry. Building is dilapidated practically and the flooring just old concrete. But dont be scared....Dont make the same mistake some other reviewers made and order stuff thats not on the menu.  And please people dont take your kids there and order chicken nuggets for little Timmy because he doesnt like spicy food.  If its not on the menu its not their specialty.  Order the red or green chile "anything" and chips and salsa and it will be fine. Homemade tortillas the size of a flying saucer and hoemade chorizo too. Did i mention this place is super inexpensive??It can get super busy at lunch time so get there early.  You can find Phoenix's finest here for lunch (from law enforcement to other government/city employees).  If you are Hispanic and venture out to eat the kind of food your mom makes you....this is the spot you go too.
4	May not be the best looking place in or out but the food is worth it and your wallet will appreciate it... But not as much as your stomach!!
1	What's with the rave about their tortillas? I get it. They're thin, fresh and comes out the foil steaming, but what's so special about them?The original was tasteless (for obvious reasons). The butter tortilla was just you know...the original slathered in butter.Most of the food is just carb overload.The machaca breakfast burrito was pure MUSH.
1	Usually Mexican food served out of an outdated building with numerous building code violations is always the best. Not so much in the case of Carolina's. I arrived on a Saturday about 11 am to a short line and I had heard from one longtime Phoenix resident that this is the real deal. I had to try the famous tortillas right? So, I ordered up a cheese quesadilla and a red machaca burrito. How does it end up that Arizona and Nevada have completly different ideas of what machaca is. It is supposed to be dry beef grilled with onions, peppers, tomatoes and eggs. But in Phoenix, it is basically shredded wet beef doused in red or green sauce. Regardless, the Carolina's version was miserable. It was mushy and tasteless and since the thin tortillas could not hold all that beef inside, it turned into a knife and fork thing. I barely ate three bites of the mess and some fat was also discovered lurking in that meat.  Not good.Same thing with the quesadilla. Due to the tortilla being so thin, the cheese overwhelmed the item turning it into a cheese wafer. If I want Machaca, I'm heading back to Nevada next time to a state that knows the true definition of the dish.
5	My roommate and I always go here whenever we're craving some greasy Mexican food and a little guilt to go with it. There's not much I can add to the wealth of reviews for the place. Yes, the neighborhood looks crappy. Yes, the machaca is crazy good. Yes, you should go here. That is all.
4	Went here for lunch last week. We left the office at 11:15 and got there around 11:30 and it wasn't that busy with all the crazy lines yet. But the dining area was jam packed. Once we ordered though there was a huge line that was forming.  I order a beef tamale and a machaca hard taco for under 5 dollars.  Even though they say soft only for the machaca taco, they will do a hard taco for you. I ate the taco at work and I brought home my tamale and decided to give it to my husband and he ate it seriously in 2 mins. What a fatty!Yes, the place is a hole in the wall.  The place may look shady. However, I must say I would make the trip down here any day of the week so I can eat their food. I used to eat here 2 times a week when I worked down the street. Tip: When you want to go during lunch, make sure to call ahead and place an order because you might be waiting for a while or if you go after 1:30 it calms down more so you can find a seat and enjoy your food.  These are the only 2 things that I have gotten when I go here. Next time I will branch out and get something else to try it out.
5	This is by far one of the better Mexican restaurants in Phoenix. It's location is not desirable for some, but it is well worth going to and enjoying some good food. The lines can get crazy at times, but it is a popular place by all.You cannot go wrong by visiting this place and sampling the food. Take some tortillas with you, too, if you get the chance.
5	Awesome authentic mexican food! Not a high class resteraunt by any means and its in an semi industrial area,buit dont let the looks scare you off!! Go once and you will go back every chance you get!
4	Yeah, it's borderline ghetto, but the authentic Mexican food makes it well worth venturing outside your comfort zone! All fresh & delicious!!! Definitely more of a lunch, than dinner, spot.  Carolina's is far from upscale. Think cafeteria style with styrofoam boxes & plastic ware. No cerveza or tequila here, either, but at these prices you can drink later!
5	Homemade tortillas? Check. Delicious burritos? Check. Dirt cheap food? Check. Carolina's is all that you can want from a Mexican taqueria. The outside of the restaurant doesn't look like much, but walk in here during lunch and you'll witness a cross-section of Phoenix society - old and young, black and white, rich and poor. People of all different walks come here to enjoy the food, and it takes just a few bites to understand why.My favorites are the red and green sauce burritos and the chorizo/potato burrito. They sell for under four dollars, but they are rather small (think Taco Bell-sized burrito rather than Chipotle size rotund burrito). You can make it a meal with rice and beans for a little bit more. In terms of beverages, I was skeptical of the horchata being dispensed from a fountain drink machine, but it's actually very good. I definitely filled up my cup before leaving to take on the road.
5	I have been going to this restaurant since I was a child, and it only gets better! Carolina's is definitely not known for the 5 star accommodations it provides. Rather people come here again and again, simply because it is INCREDIBLE food. The tortillas especially are to die for. One of the best tortillas I have ever had (La Purisima has good ones as well).  I ahve never had a bad meal at Carolinas! The prices don;t hurt your wallet either!
3	Good food,I just wish they would do some remodeling of there restroom, as long as this place has been there and as well as it has established customers the customers deserve a decent restroom to use and upgrading the establishment however its clean and good Mexican food.I will go back never the less
4	Was craving for Machaca con Huevo's this morning!  This is the first time I've been here for Breakfast, no lines no wait!!!  Freshly made tortilla as usual.
2	I don't pretend to be an expert on Mexican food. But, oh man, isn't the food unnecessarily greasy here? I got a chicken burrito and the grease was dripping down my hands to my arms! Flies everywhere in March (!). . . Cannot possibly imagine coming here during the summer time. I'm from Tucson and I started to think Mexican food means something different to me. But seriously, what are you eating here in Phoenix?
5	Wow! What an amazing place to get a cheap, yet filling and delicious meal. The place serves authentic mexican food with the best tortillas. I had a chimichanga with beef, cheese, guacamole, and sour cream and it was delicious. Also I was not hungry until the end of the day.
3	[4 Stars for the tortillas and the beans, 3 stars for the enchiladas]Having heard about Carolina's for years and never making it down to try their food, I kind of had high expectations from friends, neighbors and reviews I was getting over the years.  In hind sight I kind of wish I had gone for a burrito (next time I visit I will do that) but I had been craving red chile enchiladas the day I went.  Upon entering I knew not to expect anything fancy about the place, for me it's a non issue that does not even get factored into my evaluation. Knowing I wanted to try a couple of items I ordered a combo of Enchiladas, a crunchy taco with rice and beans, and  I also ordered a tortilla with cheese, to-go.   When I got in I dug into the enchiladas, mehhh they were ok, The sauce was definitely underwhelming (slightly disappointing).  After about 3 bites I decided to dig into the taco.  It was good.  The highlight of the take-away was the tortilla with cheese and the beans in the combo meal.  Oh my!! These were great.  I would go back over and over again for just these 3 things in their various forms.  Yes I will go back but now I have a better idea of what I will try on the next round.
4	In the downtown area, I highly recommend making the stop.  Tends to be a bit busy at lunch, staff moves quickly to accommodate.  I ordered the Red Machaca with Beans.  Excellent flavor, subtle heat, perfectly cooked.  A hit!  One tip, if you order a side of chips and salsa, make sure you have friends dining with you or be prepared to bring home a Doritos sized bag of leftovers!
5	Get a burro "double wrapped."
4	Bring your cash and get the green chile!!! Good stuff!
4	The tortillas are really good, made fresh daily. (try em with butter) The have like 100 employee's working every day. Place can get busy at times. It's in the hood of Phoenix. If you haven't tried, it's worth it.
2	I am pretty much done trying to eat at this restaurant. The last THREE times I've come to Phoenix, they've been closed, including today. No information on their website, just a sign on the door as I'm standing in the ghetto, starving. I really love their food, but am frustrated that they have such terrible hours.
4	Great Mexican food. Really yum as my husband says. There are almost none choices for vegetarian.
3	Food and salsa are great the service is always bad. I have been going here on and off for about 6 years and will be giving them another break in service for about a year. Not sure why you would call your order in a head of time and then wait for 3 breakfast burritos while watching people who just walked up to the counter receive their food. When I asked the young lady at the counter how they were getting their food before me when I called in 20 minutes prior she said it all depends who takes your order and who is making it... Well as I had an appointment to be at, that is why I called ahead and asked how long it would take, I told her to cancel my order to which she said "Okay!!" with a big smile. I sure hope their food quality never gets to low because their customer service won't save them. See them again in a year... well if they are still there.
5	My favorite Mexican Restaurant near downtown Phoenix.  Neighborhood just adds to the flavor of this place.  I just wish I loved closer so I could eat here more and have access to the freshly made tortillas.
5	After moving to Arizona, I was searching for the best place to buy tortillas and found out about this place.  Tortillas are awesome!  The few things we've tried have all been very good.  I just can't help ordering chorizo on each visit.  They do chorizo different than any other place I've been to.
4	Homemade tortillas?! Go to Carolina's Mexican food, not so great ambience but cheap for your pocket. Bit far to me but i do not miss the opportunity to eat here for luch time.
5	I've been going to Carolinas since I was in nursing school, nearly 10 years ago. The prices have increased over the years, but the quality of food has never changed. It's the best Mexican food restaurant in the entire southwest! Keep it up! Everything is made from scratch. Just like grandmas cooking!
5	My favorite Mexican food! I always order  a machaca potato and extra cheese burro. The cheese quesadillas and tortillas are delicious too. I like to wash it down with some of their horchata. I am not a fan of eating at the restaurant as it's a little ghetto but it is very clean. I recommend calling in the order since it gets really busy sometimes.
5	The best salsa you can get! Authentic as you can get! This place gets busy at lunch time so expect to wait if you don't call your food in ahead of time. Their homemade tortillas are the best in town. Parking is a negative during their busy hours (lunch especially)... I recommend their Machaca Burrito Enchilada Style with Green Sauce. Although I haven't experienced anything bad on their menu yet. I eat there 1-2 times a week.
5	Awesome!  I'm a huge fan of Mexican food and this is the way to do it -- authentic and just plain good.  If you like "hole in the wall Mexican" this is your place.  That said, if you care about atmosphere and decor look elsewhere
5	The food is ASTOUNDING!!! Watch out for the enchiladas because they pack a spicy and delicious punch! Cudos on the amazing tortillas too!
5	Great Mexican food with a friendly staff.  Looks small from the outside, but has plenty of room for dine in inside.  Agree that the homemade tortillas are awesome.  Brought some home for my family (as I am GF I couldn't try them, but they reported they were awesome).  They have a great selection of food, my favorite was machaca and eggs.Just moved to AZ and live in East valley, but am back here everytime I am in area (3xs so far in 2 months).  Highly recommend.
4	It's good, we have this for lunch every time my boss likes to buy us lunch. Great tortillas!!
4	WAYYY better than the one on cave creek rd. This place makes it fresh and they arent pre-made and sitting waiting for an order.YOu can taste the difference in being made to order.Of course this takes a bit longer for it to come out, but it is worth it... Also figuring out which of the 20 doors on the building is the right one to enter from is also tricky..
5	Gorged on green Chile and machaca meat tacos, but the salsas were what made the meal.  The red salsa that came with chips was outstanding, hot but with a slowly increasing burn.  The salsa available from the dispensers by the soda machines was subtly different with more heat and a more acidic feel.  I love rat hole Mexican and this may be the best I've ever had.
4	Very close to car rental return.   Dollar to food ratio is quite high.   In terms of quality, I would say it tastes pretty close to home cooking.   There are large chunks of meat with meat gravy and the right amount of kick to the burrito.   The place is a bit run down and not much seating but service is fast.    I'd try it once but it's not iconic.
5	The reason to come to Phoenix! I love this place- quite authentic and honest. My favorite is the chorizo and potatoes with tortillas. Spicy, salty deliciousness. We bought tortillas to take home- they are worth the trip alone. Slightly salty with that perfect puerco after bite. And the fountain sodas have that perfect tiny slushy ice and strong coca cola. I give Carolina's two thumbs up.
1	A Christmas Eve tragedy! My husband purchased 1 dozen green corn tamales and a half dozen green chicken tamales for Christmas Eve. So here it is Christmas Eve and we just unpacked the order to discover we only have 11 green corn tamales -- no chicken tamales at all. Very very very bad! He said they were very disorganized when he was there, bad service. I will only go to the Cave Creek location from now on. Merry freaking Christmas!
1	I was so upset about this place that I had to write my first review today.  I went to Carolinas today and placed my order.  I waited for about 15-20 minutes.  People who ordered after me started to get their food.  So I went up to the counter to the lady calling out numbers and giving the food to the people.  She couldn't find my order.  She was starting to tell the cooks to make my order but at this point I asked for my receipt back because I wanted my money back.  The girl said without being apologetic that I needed to go over to where I ordered to get my money back.  So I went back to the guy who took the order and asked for my money back.  He didn't ask what happened just opened the cash register and handed me money.  No apologies from anybody or acknowledgment of the fact that we waited and had no food. I think this place has okay food but I will never go back because this food isn't SO great that I need to deal with the service that doesn't care about keeping customers happy. There are much better places that I don't fear food poisoning from that are really nice to their customers.  I say the previous sentence because people who have been the place know that it isn't the nicest place.  In fact, it is the worst looking place that I have ever seen.  I can't believe I've eaten here in the past due to the way it looks.
5	Carolina's is a local neighborhood spot where those in the know travel to munch on tacos, burritos, tamales, etc. The restaurant isn't much to look at - bars on windows, busy counter where you can look in on tortilla making and the assortment of booths and table/chairs. There is a big line of hungry patrons and people jockeying for tables so that was good news. You will find the MOST amazing homemade flour tortillas here! They are chewy, soft and sensuous. This is the stuff dreams are made of. I haven't had a tortilla like this in years and may have to make sure I stop through Phoenix more frequently. Pretty much everything my friends and I tried were awesome. Green corn Tamales, tacos with beef, machaca plate with beans and rice and burrito stuffed with chorizo and potatoes. The beans and rice are perfect - you can't overlook those staples. I think I even noted some lard - perfection! Writing this review is making my mouth water - I could really go for some Carolina's now.
3	The food was good and I really thought the atmosphere was fitting, but I just really didn't think that the red chili burrito lived up to all of the hype that I heard about it. I will definitely come back to try more food though.
5	Very Good! FOOD Beans, tortillas, taco and tostadas are all good, fresh and well delicious.
1	To call this place a dive would be too flattering. it's a dump! What isn't filthy or broken is missing ,like good food How this place is in business is a mystery to me. Are there no health inspectors in that part of town?
4	If the reviews were based strictly on food, Carolina's would get 5 stars. My brother and his family took us there for the "best Mexican food in Phoenix". I wouldn't have gone if it wasn't for my family's experience there. It's in a sketchy neighborhood and looks really run down, but looks can be deceiving. The food was amazing!
5	Quick, cheap, and tasty burros (aka burritos)I had a red machacha (shredded beef) burro to go. Which is machacha with red chile, beans, and cheese. I like the simplicity of the burrito and ate it entirely. The chile marinade is has a great taste so you don't need to add any salsa or anything else. Beef was tender. Be sure to use a plate as stewed juices comes out as you bite. And its wrapped in paper - could be cleaner with foil.Cash only.
4	Look, there is a lot of yumminess going on up in here but check it. You need to get a cheese crisp. There are little Mexican Nana's in the back sprinkling them with love and magic.
4	It may not be a place to take a date but the food was REALLY good! Cheap too!I guess it pays off to have an ugly place with awesome food! When I came, there was only 5 other people at 5pm so I didn't have to wait, maybe they have big lunch rushes
5	Pretty typical Mexican food. If you go, be sure to get some of their homemade flour tortillas to take home. They are the best! Huge, thin, and powdery.
4	Love the red chicken enchiladas, they're spicy and fresh and amazing. Beans and rice are fine, nothing bad or spectacular. They are not open late, I think they close at 6 and are not open Sundays. The neighborhood is rundown and crappy but this place attracts all kinds of people from business to casual because the food is just that good. Oh and it's really cheap.
2	Seriously Carolina's? This place is not at all what I expected it to be. It's busy. There was a line bigger than the restaurant... But super disappointing once my food arrived... 45 minutes later. I got a machaca burrito (apparently that's what the rave was about) and was completely dissatisfied. My husband had the shredded beef tacos and a green tamale (dry with sweet masa, BLEH). Nothing to write home about. I've been searching far and wide for an authentic Mexican food place and these Arizona places are nothing compared to the real food back home in the streets of LA! You people have no idea what good food is... Sorry.
4	The sketchy neighborhood and bars on the windows ALMOST pushed me away. This is from the website " The character of the neighborhood is etched on the building's cinder-block facade. The restaurant's skin has been pockmarked by bullets and its windows and doors outfitted with heavy metal security bars."I decided I've been to worse (downtown Cincinnati) and that there was a nice mix of clientele so I gathered my cash and my camera and crossed the threshold. The floor was concrete, the walls chipped and dirty and the atmosphere...authentic. I felt like I was in Mexico. I stared at the menu but I already knew I wanted...Machacha and Eggs (recommended on Yelp). I was extremely relieved when I got to the counter and the young girl taking my order spoke perfectly clear English, so asking questions was easy. You order, you get a number, you wait, you eat. Easy enough.  Oh and cash only!After making my order, I wandered into the large, adjoining room to find a seat. It was just as shabby and the atmosphere buzzed with chatter. Carolina's is best known for its flour tortilla - a large, delicately thin and slightly chewy affair that makes the most elegant wrap for the restaurant's divine burro.The tortillas, which are available by the dozen for takeout, are churned out by a crew of workers who stand before a bank of hot griddles, deftly flipping the paper thin rounds of dough and piling them up for packaging. So I had a machaca and egg burrito and a taco. The burrito was yummy, the tortilla soft, but I'm so glad I got that taco. The shell was so crunchy, so fresh, so good. I really want another Carolina taco.
5	Truly as good as it gets.Fast (even when extremely busy), cheap, and delicious. It looks like an absolute DIVE, but damn it if it's not some of the best mexican food in the state.
4	A place for lunch pick up for the team if you're looking for authentic mexican food. They are known for the Goliath-size tortillas. I've had the chicken enchiladas and the beef chimichanga with sour cream and guacamole. If you're in the need for for some greasiness then this is the place for you. It's all goooodddd!! Yum! ;)
5	Yes it is a dive but it is some of the best Mexican food I have tried. It's not "authentic" in a LA food truck or tacqueria way, but more like your Mexican grandmother's kitchen (if you had a Mexican grandmother).  I think they put crack in the tortillas; usually the tortillas are just a vessel/carrying case for tastiness, but the tortillas here are amazing. The stuff inside is great too and the hot sauce is typical Mexican. Thumbs up!  Especially the Machaca.
5	The food is good, really good! But I must be truthful and admit that I really only drop in for the tortillas. These are the most amazing tortillas I've ever eaten. I was raised on Mexican food, having lived in the Phoenix area for over 44 years. These are hands down the best tortillas around. Do yourself a favor, stop in and pick up two dozen flour tortillas. A good portion of the first dozen will likely be consumed on your way home. Then don't waste them making burros, rather lay one out on a cookie sheet, spread a sparing quanitity of shredded cheese on one half and fold the bare half over the cheese. Now place under the broiler set to low until a few golden brown blisters appear. Remove and flip the entire  tortilla over and return the the broiler until this side looks like the first. Remove, slice and enjoy a little slice of heaven right there in your very own kitchen... mmmmm... Yep, they're THAT good... Now excuse me, I've gotta make a Carolina's run for a few dozen...
3	If you aren't afraid of the atmosphere you'll probably like this. Not for anyone that has any diet restrictions. But man was it packed and cheap. I felt like we had found the Dallas Buyers Club of z Mexican Food.
5	My favorite breakfast burrito. It's a hole in the wall but it's worth checking out. Cash only at this location. I always get the chorizo with egg and add cheese. I have been coming here for 8 years and it never fails me.
5	Amazing food!!! This is the best Mexican food in Phoenix. It is very casual to say the least. We ate there on the way to chase field to catch a d backs game.
5	I like everything on the menu.  The food is great but I especially like the chorizo and the flour tortillas.  My two favs are the Oaxaca Special and the foot long chorizo with beans.  It gets really busy at breakfast and lunch.  I would suggest you call in your order if you will be going during their busy times.  It can take a while to get your food if you place your order at the counter when it's busy.  Also,  when you get your food to go make sure you get knives and forks because it might not be in the bag with the food.  The area isn't the greatest and the restaurant itself isn't much but the food makes up for it.
5	I worked  in Phoenix, AZ; and everyone who lives/works in Phoenix knows about Carolina's.  First of all, it is hands down the best Mexican food I have ever had.  Secondly, I could feed my office staff of 9 for lunch for $60. So great food, that everyone enjoyed, and inexpensive.   You can also purchase fresh hand made tortillas, and bring your own container to purchase enchilada sauce.  I would recommend the Cheese Enchilada combo.  This restaurant is one of the few places I miss during the time I lived in Arizona.  It's located in a cinder block building, no frills, and seriously awful neighborhood in Phoenix. There is a parking lot, but it is often full.   When you arrive the line is out the door, everyone from secretaries superior court judge picking up their order.Call your order in for pick up, it's the easiest way not to spend all day in line.
4	Upon arrival at this Phoenix dive, one instantly senses tradition, history, character and the possibilities of something memorable. The food is in take out / fast food style, and the very reasonable prices match the ambience. The restaurant was packed at lunch, but the service was friendly and fast. I chose the green chili burrito and the butter tortilla. I'm trying not to eat carbohydrates, but how can one refrain when you are at the best tortilla factory in Phoenix? I enjoyed the green chili chicken filling in the burrito, but I do wish I had covered it in a salsa, sauce or cheese. This place is the real thing, and a fun adventure.
4	The chimichanga with sour cream and guacamole was pretty good.  For the price, it was great.The buttered flour tortillas were really good.  Frankly these are about as good a tortilla as you'll find anywhere.The side of beans were ok.  I've certainly had far better.Not especially a fan of their salsa.They have both coke and pepsi products...so that's good.Overall I'd say good.  Not the best, but good.  I guess it all depends on what you come here for.  Some things (tortillas and price for instance) are as good as you can find.  Other things (beans) are just average.Going with a 4 but because of the drive I have to make to get there its somewhere between a 3 and a 3.5.
5	Best no frills Mexican in town...close to work and just yummy food!  Don't expect a high class place or even date night quality...this is bare bones good inexpensive Mexican food!  The old school hot sauce is THE best!
3	It's was good they didn't have ground beef but whatever my taco salad was still good... The prince was awesome for the amount I got.
5	The best Red Chile burrito ever!!! Only thing I order. This place FYI is in the GHETTO in a really old looking building! But don't worry cause it has such good food it brings all kinds traffic in and out.
3	I have a couple friends that love this joint. I thought it was pretty good but had a few small issues. First my order was wrong. Well okay the fixed it right. Well it seemed like it. I ordered a the chicken enchiladas with green sauce. I don't think the meat in my enchilada was chicken. If it was supposed be chicken I am still not sure it was chicken. They overall taste was good but not great on this item. I did enjoy the tamales though. I can see myself giving this place another shot in the future just based on the tamales.
4	great flavorgreat pricedont let the 'atmosphere' scare you off
4	Chorizo and bean burro and the butter tortillas are a must have! The tortillas here are sooo good :)
5	Carolina's is a local neighborhood spot where those in the know travel to munch on tacos, burritos, tamales, etc. The restaurant isn't much to look at - bars on windows, busy counter where you can look in on tortilla making and the assortment of booths and table/chairs. There is a big line of hungry patrons and people jockeying for tables so that was good news. You will find the MOST amazing homemade flour tortillas here! They are chewy, soft and sensuous. This is the stuff dreams are made of. I haven't had a tortilla like this in years and may have to make sure I stop through Phoenix more frequently. Pretty much everything my friends and I tried were awesome. Green corn Tamales, tacos with beef, machaca plate with beans and rice and burrito stuffed with chorizo and potatoes. The beans and rice are perfect - you can't overlook those staples. I think I even noted some lard - perfection! Writing this review is making my mouth water - I could really go for some Carolina's now.
5	The tortillas are like air. The filling is allowed to shine whilst encased in a delicious light tortillas. Cheap eats. My first stop from the airport every time. Machaca and eggs.
5	I just got done eating another shitty taco in Illinois. It made me realize how great  the Mexican Food is in Arizona.Carolina's is in the holy grail category: it could very well be my last meal on earth and I'd die with a smile on my face.
2	The food here was cheap and awful. The restaurant itself is poorly kept and uncomfortable. I will never eat here again. I would suggest only getting tortillas here if anything. Avoid the burritos and enchiladas honestly just a salty goopy consistency mediocre at best. I would not recommend this food to anyone.
2	I've heard a lot about this place over the ten years I've lived in the valley. I've always wanted to try it and see what all the fuss is about. I've heard several times that they have the best Mexican food in the valley. I went for lunch during the week and ordered a green chile burrito and a red tamale. The burrito was runny and soggy and the inside was almost like a can if Dinty Moore, the tamale was dry, very little meat, too much masa and didn't taste very good. It was a complete let down after hearing so much over the years and I would say that any local Filabertos has better food after my first visit. I'll give it another shot and that might change my review some.The other reviews mention it's legacy and the dive location so I'll let them cover that as well as the butter tortillas.
5	Best Mexican food ever.  Don't mind the bullet holes in the building.  Burritos and the most amazing chewy burrito perfection I've ever had.  The shredded beef melts in your mouth.  We placed a to go order and had to go back in for more.  Been thinking about it ever since.
2	Classic example of people thinking that a hole in the wall place that is super ghetto must be good because it is a secret from everyday society..... NOT.  Tortillas are good but that's where the praise ends. I had a burrito and I swear I could make a better one myself with a can of chicken and enchilada sauce. Throw in microwave. Served! Next time I'll save the 6 bucks.
3	I love this place but their credit card readers are always down when I go. They need to address this problem because it is not something that's recently happened...this happens all the time especially during rush.
1	Just ate here and have never been so disappointed in a local Mexican restaurant. The green chili and beef burro consisted of 90 percent beans, 5 percent green chili mush and 5 percent beef. Both burros we got fell apart completely as soon as we lifted them up to take a bite - all of the filling came out of the bottom. My mom got the enchiladas. The sauce was okay but the tortillas were stale and difficult to cut through and chew. I wish I could say that my experience was at least satisfying but it sadly wasn't.
5	Awesome and authentic food. No frills- just delicious. Buy some homemade tortillas to take home!
4	It wasn't lunch time or anything, but how can you just drive right on by a Carolina's if you've ever tasted their food?     :-)SO, I was out running errands and got vacuumed right off the street into this place at 10 in the morning.  Actually, 10 AM on a Wednesday is a good time to come here, when the line of people waiting to order isn't all the way through the building!  I got right up to the counter almost immediately and ordered my "usual" for a Carolina's:  #2 Combo ($5.65) plus a shredded beef hard taco ($2).  Here's how it all was this time:*  The atmosphere?  This Carolina's is a raggety dump!*  The service, after ordering?  Slow!  (10 or 15 minutes!)*  The food?  OUT OF THIS WORLD GOOD!!  (That's one thing, isn't it?)*  The value?  Good.  In fact, prices haven't increased in the 3 1/2 years since my first visit.SO, I still love this place.  Now if you need a little nicer dining room, go to their Peoria location.  If you need a MUCH NICER dining room, go to the one up on Cactus west of the 51.  Also, don't let anyone tell you that Chef So-and-So at this or that Carolina's is the only one who knows what he is doing.  The food is exactly the same at all 3 locations...  TERRIFIC!     :-))Closed Sundays & Holidays.  Free Wi-Fi.
1	Good was not very good. The venue was so outdated the only good thing were the flour tortillas
4	Great service cashier very nice and polite and quick service  food was ready with 5 minutes and these are the best red chili burritos in town for sure hands down The only thing is they need to do a little remodeling around the place
5	One tortilla with butter will make you love Carolina's! I've been going here since I was 19 and working at America West Arena and it hasn't changed a bit over the years.  Open at 7 a.m., expect a line with hungry guests waiting to order their regular ..green chili burro or try the eggs, machaca and potatoes burro.   Lunch time, Carolina's is a hot spot for downtown workers who are ok about venturing into a central neighborhood, so go early! The building is old and there's no glitz and glamor to the furniture but when you have really good authentic Mexican food, who needs that!
5	So far the best Mexican food I've had in Arizona, HANDS DOWN.I've lived in Arizona for 39 years.Go, go NOW.  Stop reading this and go, NOW.
3	So my friend at work told me i should try their food... He said it would be packed by 11 so i got there around 10am.  I ordered the Machacha Plate but i really wanted a machacha breakfast... it was good.  I think i will try the burrito next time and hopefully that will be the ticket.  The machacha plate was good the meat was slightly salty, the beans and rice were good also... i like the tortilla though! it made the food better... i just like tortillas when they are placed over open fire i guess.
3	Concerning Flautas (4.00) very small basically two rolled small  tacos. In my opinion not worth it. Try something else.
5	Great Mexican food cheap! It does get busy but it's worth the wait! Must try in Phoenix.
1	I guess by now all you people are so used to the crappy Mexican in phoenix that you think this is the max.  I guess to each his own but my Idea of good Mexican is not soggy tortillas, food that tastes like cumin a trashy dump that is not clean, there is no way you can clean a place like this they make enough money to at least put in a decent floor, but trust me you eat what you see.
5	I absolutely love this place.  So close to the rental car facility  at phx. Their tortillas are a wonder to behold. Don't be alarmed by the neighborhood or the exterior appearance, it's safe, clean-ish, and delicious.
4	Get food to go.  Tacos are excellent, the fresh made tortilla's are to die for
4	I am really torn about this place. It has all the markings of a top notch food joint. Hole-in-the-wall characteristics that gives it a certain "feel" of authenticity. I've been to Mexico several times and the best tacos ive ever had were from street vendors, not the restaurant adjacent to the (insert touristy hotel here). So i had high hopes, and everyone told me if i wanted legit mexican food in Phoenix, this is where you roll to. The pricing is unbeatable, especially for the portion sizes. So i get the salsa/hot sauce, and its great. I went here right before close so ill give them a pass, but the tortilla chips were no bueno. They just tasted like bulk chips you would get from taco bell or something like that. Or like some bulk generic chip bag from Sams Club. Enough with crappy analogies, they just weren't that good.So on to the tacos... The crispy tacos were ON POINT! Amazing, great flavor, crispy shell, exactly what i had hoped for. Some of the best crispy tacos id ever had (in mexico i had only seen and eaten soft tacos).The soft tacos were good but way to soggy. Like you would take a bite and the soft shell would disintegrate in your hand. So why if the chips sucked and the soft tacos were sub par do i give it 4 stars?The chips, its like who cares. If i go to red lobster and the rolls arent warmed all the way, im not bashing the whole meal. And for the soft tacos, im not sure what was up with those. But from some of the other dishes i tried with the party i was with everything else seemed fantastic. So.... you need to go here.... just lower your expectations on soggy soft tacos.
4	This place is where the locals go, so you know it's amazing. The tacos are fantastic, and so is the butter quesadilla ( saw a review on here and had to try it ).  The salsa is very spicy, but tastes great. I highly recommend to anyone looking for authentic Mexican food.
5	Hands down the best Mexican food you will find ! The tortillas are huge and you can buy them for home ! The place is a whole in the wall but well worth stopping for , it's super close to the airport so be sure to stop by either after or before u get to the airport
4	Go hungry! This place has THE BEST Mexican food in Arizona. Hands down. Yes, it is in a bad part of town. Yes the place looks like a total $#!% hole. But the food makes up for it 100000%. No matter what you order, I promise you will not be disappointed. However, if you do order a burrito, order it double-wrapped. And do yourself a favor and get a order of the fresh tortillas to go. Amazing! At $3/dozen you will not be sorry. I am torn on this one issue though....would I want this place to re-locate to a better area? Remodel to improve the atmosphere? I dont know...I feel like if they did it may get even more popular and then Id be annoyed.
4	They do fantastic Mexican food for lunch, and they also do great breakfast burritos starting every morning at 7:00 am. It may not be located in the most convenient neighborhood, but it is well worth the drive to the southside to come here! (Just don't park across the street - the signs inside advise that you might get towed.)
5	If aesthetics were a measure of a restaurant's quality, this place would probably get a minus 5 stars.  I've been to tons of dives in my time, but this may very well be the divyest dive I've ever dived headfirst into.  That's not meant to be mean spirited to owner Carolina Valenzuela and her establishment, because in this case its part of the charm of a legendary Mexican establishment that I finally got the chance to try for the first time.  What this place lacks in aesthetics, it more than makes up for with its fantastic food.The original Carolina's location is just south of Downtown on 12th Street.  Its an old weathered building that looked like it could've been a pawn shop or a tire dealer in a past life.  I think its fair to say the neighborhood surrounding the restaurant is somewhat impoverished, though theres a fair amount of industrial business nearby too.  Let's just say that Carolina's building blends in with the neighborhood.  That said, you'll be waiting in line forever at lunch as this place gets jam packed during the work week.  I opted to come here after work around 4:30pm.  Still, worried about the lines, I called my order ahead before I arrived.When I arrived for my pickup?  Dead.  I was the only one there.  Maybe my timing was awesome?  I wasn't complaining as I was able to get in and out in two minutes.  There's a little bit of seating inside, but I was getting it to go this time around.  I decided to get a dozen of their tortillas since everyone seems to rave about those.  As for a meal to take home it seems that the chimichangas are a popular staple, so a beef chimichanga combo it was.  A big hearty beef chimichanga topped with guacamole and sour cream with a side of beans and rice.  Total for the combo plus the tortillas was $13.  The chimichanga is exactly what I was hoping for.  A thick crispy fried tortilla with plenty of shredded beef and spices to boot.  Goes great with the guacamole and sour cream, though the beef is truly the dominant flavor with this one.  The beans were also very good and had some good chunks of bean I could pick up (not a bean puree like other Mexican food spots I've been to).  The rice was pretty much what I expected.  Nothing wow about the rice, but met my expectations.  And the tortillas I got were enormous.  I decided to make a homemade quesadilla with one of them and I'm already stuffed.  But I agree with fellow Yelpers that its worth getting some of their tortillas.  They're made in house (you can see where they make them behind the front counter), and have a much different texture than the stuff you get at the grocery store.Barrio Cafe remains my favorite Mexican spot in the valley, but comparing Barrio with Carolina's is apples and oranges.  Barrio is essentially gourmet, whereas Carolina's is Mexican for the masses.  Its inexpensive, the quality is excellent, and its been drawing every demographic imaginable for years.  Its not hard to see why Carolina's faithful turn to this dingy location again and again.  You can damn well be sure I'll be one of them.
3	heard a lot about this mexican restaurant so decided to check it out, service was extremely slowwwwww I waited almost 45 minutes for 2 tostadas and a taco salad, need a system to separate pick up from dine in, the food was okay nothing out of the extraordinary.  I will go back to try the breakfast burritos and see if it is better. location hard to find but it is great historic area if you want to see the real phoenix.
1	I love Carolina's. Just not yesterday, November 11th, @1:45pm at the Mohave St. location. Just to be sure. Now, it's not my fault I only have 30 minutes for lunch so I went to Carolina's at the Mohave St location and I ordered a taco and enchilada, both beef. 14 minutes later my food arrived. The place was not crowded and that's too long for a taco and enchilada.  My God, there's 10 people - minimum - in the damn kitchen...SO SLOW AT THIS LOCATION. This horribly slow service has NEVER occurred at the Cactus or Sun City locations and I've been eating there for yearsThe taco was delicious, the enchilada not so much.  Three small cubes of beef in the whole enchilada!  The corn tortilla was old and tough. Or very tough and old. There was lots of gravy (red sauce) which is good, but not to cover the less-than-minimum amount of beef. It's not a beef enchilada if it doesn't have any beef. But the really bad news is the food made me ill: 90 minutes later: Cramps, diarrhea.   And I've got a cast-iron stomach so it isn't me it, was the food. So let's review what we learned: slow service, 1 hit 1 BIG miss on the $8 taco/enchilada/soda they-ain't-giving- anything-away package , that, oh, by the way, made me ill.  thanks for nuthin'!Never again this location.  You either if you're smart.
4	I don't feel like I really need to write a lengthy review here as it has been done hundreds of times.  We all know Carolina's has the best flour tortillas in town, but everytime I order any other food off their menu it is average.  There are many, many much better Mexican restaurants in and around downtown Phx.  So, go in, get your tortillas to go, and head somehwere else for dinner!
5	This place was recommended to me by a lot of peeps till I finally tried it. Man, this place is so dam good, even just a plain 'ol bean burrito is the Shi-et! Love the tacos, green chile burr, and flour tortillas. Im yet to try other stuff on the menu.
1	After waiting 45 minutes for an order of chorizo eggs and a green chili burrito I told my friend let's leave. There were only a dozen or two dozen people there at least 10 people working behind the counter in the kitchen and they can't get the orders out. Place sucks
2	If you're looking for good authentic mexican food, Carolina's is the place to be. I recommend going during the day since it's not in the best part of town. I ordered a chimichanga, that was the perfect amount of crispiness and loaded with shredded beef and cheese. It was topped with a generous amount of guacamole & sour cream with refried beans and bland rice on the side. You really can't beat the prices here.The reason I'm giving it two stars is mostly due to the fact that it's a complete hole in the wall, heck, I wouldn't be surprised if there were actual holes in the walls.
5	After reading some less than flattering reviews of Carolina's, I thought I would come to the defense of this iconic Mexican restaurant in downtown Phoenix, named after the kind owner. You see, I was craving some good Mexican after this bowl of cheap ice cream I just had for dinner (don't ask), and harkened back to a time when I'd frequent Carolina's while working in Phoenix in the 90's. I think I have the bad reviews figured out, save for the gal whose rear end turned into a fire hose: The people were SCARED of the place, the area, everything. Yes, Carolina's is what you would call a dive, with a capital D. And, it is in the HOOD. I mean no disrespect by that, it's just what it is. When you consider the whole package- the neighborhood, the building, signage, interior, etc. it could definitely put some people off who are not used to such a thing. I mean, I understand, because I'm a guy, I'm not small, and the first time I went there I thought I'd be gunned down or kidnapped by MS-13 or something. Seriously, driving there I was aghast as I had never seen people in the US living in 40 year old, busted up cabover campers sitting on the dirt, with plywood shacks surrounding them. Not kidding.But the food, the handmade flour tortillas, it's divine. When somebody cries that their soft taco just didn't hit the spot, I wonder WTF they were expecting. Maybe Taco Bell? How about get an imagination and order the Machaca Beef and Bean Burro and turn into an absolute wild animal because you can't eat it fast enough? That's what I'm talking about.
4	One of the best Mexican food in this area. The environment is quite good. Now if you ask me their food is excellent. I love the Mexican soup and order it every time I visit. They are amazing with the most perfect touch of red onion. Moreover the rice and the beans are 1st class. Not basic Mexican service at all. I bring visitors repeatedly and I am never displeased.
4	The ambiance feels like you're in a neglected highway rest stop. The tables are never clean. There's always a line. The food is messy, greasy, and served on styrofoam. It's perfect.
5	Everything here is amazing! ! My favorite are the tacos, and enchiladas!
