3	Dark? Yep! Dingy? Yep! Skunky Beer? Check! In the Ghetto? Uh-huh! Yes, this place is officially a dive bar. Normally I really enjoy seedy places but this place is pretty unextraordinary. I paid a visit to the 5th Ave. Pub after attending a First Friday event. What a nice reprieve from all the hippies, burn outs, and goth teens.
1	Very sketchy dive bar with lots of streetwalkers and toothless bitches. You can tell the clientele is very low class, because it's the only bar I've ever been to in Vegas that had 5 CENT video poker. First and only time I was there, 2 black dudes came in carrying paper bags... i was sure that they we gonna hold the place up and kill everyone. BTW- the only reason that this place is a restaurant is because they have a hot-dog stand out front.Avoid this shithole at all costs. They should send a hazmat team over there to sterilize the place.
3	So it's a dive? Who cares.
4	Cool place. A dive bar turning diva. Like watching a parolee make something of himself. like watching a monkey potty train. like watching a hipster drive a car or shave. this is a transformation to observe from the front row. Tina on vocals, Kevin and Phil on percussion and Mike on the 19 string citar. Wild west variety show meets Roots with Barry on the seven gun. Get a little twisted and play some nickel slots while Michelle plays the tambourine;-)
2	As dIvey as it gets. It's smokey, locals abound, and there are some characters. If you're looking for cheap beer and happen to be downtown, stop in, but bring your A game, or you'll get hustled right out the door. It was jumping when we went, probably because it was First Friday and the action isn't that far from this place. Nice staff though, bartender was cool, just wouldn't find myself visiting this place just to hang out.
2	bartenders seem to always be pleasant and friendly, prices are great, juke box has good tunes.. restrooms are the worst I have seen in Las Vegas! it reminded me of a gas station. just disgusting.. put it like this, they put the Double Down restrooms and Office Bar restrooms to shame. at least the Double Down has character. not a worthy pit stop in my book, just carry on to Dino's.
4	Marauding through the streets of downtown Las Vegas with an immense group of party-goers, the 5th Ave Pub was one of several stops to 'refuel' along the way.  Cheap beer had been prearranged for our visit, so we just had to maintain some kind of order as we queued for the restrooms and more brew.  Thanks for having us!
1	Last night I stopped in for a beer for the first time and within 45 minutes I was drugged and robbed of my phone, wallet and all of its belongings-bartender was in on the scam-Connie and one of the garbage ghetto patrons.  Spent the night in the ER and now having to report all this bsDO NOT GO HERE
