5	I love the Tom Yum Noodle soup. It's delicious! The portions are huge too.The kids had orange chicken and rice. It's enough to feed two kids. I called in and order was done in 15 minutes. The restaurant is clean and gotta love the TVs to kill time.Just had the BBQ pork with wonton egg noodle soup and it's so good! It had Bok Choy and they are not skimpy with the ingredients. Thanks for building one of these near my house!Ok forgot to add that I had a great experience here. Great customer service! Good job guys!UPDATE: The S9 with pork is so good! Don't forget to dip the pork in that sauce that it comes with.The mango sticky rice is also bomb!
5	I'm so glad this location opened! My roommate and I would always drive to the TSNH 2 which sometimes felt so far when we're both starving and craving the food lol. Now it's a minute away :) The food is delicious, the servers are always nice & polite, and the prices are unbelievably affordable.
5	I got the Pad Thai because I like to use it as a comparison plate that all Thai places have. Their Pad Thai was flavorful, fresh and one of the best plates I've ever had. Definitely as good or better as Archi's or Pink Kaow. The portion size was big too. Very filling.The service was very good for lunch time and the prices are awesome. There is no lunch special because their regular prices beat most lunch specials. Overall the experience was very nice and that fact that all of it was just $7 is incredible. Amazing place I'll be back to weekly for lunch.
5	Having been to other Thai Style Noodle House locations in town, I knew pretty much what to expect and was pretty excited to have a location closer to me.The restaurant is cute. Very modern and spacious. So far I have tried the shrimp and avocado panang and the crispy pork and basil dishes. The panang was perfect. Creamy, the perfect texture and flavor. The servings or rice were really generous. We first thought we were sharing the one they brought us and then were surprised when they brought us another plate. The pork with basil was amazing too. Spicy and great flavor. The veggies were crunchy and perfectly cooked.I'm so excited about this new location and I can't wait until they start offering delivery.
5	The food was good and fast. The place is clean and the staff was great. Plenty of seating. The food all looks great and tastes good.
4	Same menu just like the other ones. The New decor is nicer than the other ones hands down
1	I had the WORST Larb salad ever at this restaurant it smelled like cat food and the meat was grey
3	Beautiful spacious restaurant. I usually go to the Fort Apache location. We ordered my usual, chicken pad thai and shrimp tom yum soup. My friend wanted to try duck fried rice. Everything is too salty here. The fried rice was too dark (as if the chef accidentally poured an entire bottle of extra dark soy sauce in the rice). Usually the color of fried rice is nice and pretty but the entire dish was one color...dark brown. I ordered the mango sticky rice to share. Was good, but you can't mess that one up. I'll probably stick to the Fort Apache location, the food there is much better and not just salty.
5	This place is amazing,  my family and I started off going to there other location on spring mountain,  then to the one on fort apache now this location is 2 minutes from my house.  Very clean and modern.  Staff very nice.  Food absolutely delicious! Fresh and hot every time. Highly recommend,  I saw people outside reading there menu I told them try it you will not be disappointed, so they walked in and sat down :)
5	Finally a good Thai place on this side of town, and it's cheap! We've been eating here every day and definitely not stopping anytime soon!
5	So glad this place opened right down the street from me! The BBQ pork wonton soup with egg noodles is AMAZING! & their Mongolian beef was delicious as well as the sticky rice!Can't forget about the dessert either. Fried bananas & then the shop next door with the macaroon ice cream sandwiches are heaven!!!!!!
4	Nice new spot for a quick lunch.  Good food,  very affordable,  clean inside and solid service. Worth checking out if you are in the area.
5	This place is great! It's at a good price, service is great, and food comes out fast! I recommend the pad see ew! Go ahead and try it!
4	The restaurant is very cute and clean looking. The staff was very friendly and helpful. I ordered the pineapple fried rice since that is my Thai go-to dish I use to compare restaurants. It was good- the chili sauce was amazing. I will definitely be coming back and exploring more of the menu here!
5	Delicious!! My new fave spot!  Everything we ordered was top notch,  generous servings and great value for the price esp. when it comes to Thai Food!! Get the Orange chicken, silver glass noodles w/ chicken, thai fried rice, pork larb & thai iced tea... you will NOT be disappointed!  ;)
4	Loving this new location near Jones and Warm Springs. It's about 5 mins away from my house.New location is bigger, cleaner, but still offers the same great value and taste as the other Thai Style Noodle locations. Highly recommend!
5	Pad see ew on point  their fried chicken/fried rice combo is Fuego  clean store, nice staff, great food. Overall a pretty great Thai restaurant!
5	The decor isnt what I expected from a Thai restaurant but it's cute and spacious. We havent had to wait long to be seated either. The staff is sweet and friendly. The food comes out rather quickly. Their pad see ew is one of my favorites. I like that their steamed rice is a good portion and is a lot bigger than the portions I usually get from other Asian restaurants. Their fried chicken over fried rice is good too!
5	OUT OF OUR MINDSIn Nawlins, we have to travel to Covington which entails crossing Lake Pontchartrain on the longest bridge on earth to get to some authentic Thai cuisine. Here in Las Vegas its just off the Bruce Woodbury Beltway at Jones and south of Warm Springs. Been to the original Thai Noodle House across the street from the 99 Ranch Super Market long before the owner began opening other locations all on the westside of the valley. This one is number 4 that has been bookmarked since it opened. Of course we expected the cuisine to be the same as the original on Wynn. What really drew our attention were the the pictures of the contemporary seating arrangement. This location is exponentially bigger and lots more roomier than #1.Here's what we ordered:S11. Guay-Teaiw-Loard, Stir fried chicken, shrimps, squid, tofu, mushroom with black soy sauce served over steamed flat rice noodle and bean sprout.S12. Seafood-Tod, Thai fried pancake embedded with shrimp, squid on top of a bed of cooked and seasoned bean sprouts with sweet and sour sauce on the side.S13. Moo-Tod over Fried Rice, Crispy pork with sides of marinade in Thai herb plus sweet chili sauce on the side and a cup of clear broth for dipping the rice.34. Shrimp Pad Thai, stir fried small rice noodle with egg, ground peanut and bean sprout with Pad Thai sauce.S11 Guay-Teaiw-Loard was served first, and the other three entrees followed in order.There are only two people who run the front room. So service is friendly and sporadic but not absent. S11 was off the chart in every which way excellent. It could have been Yu-go's dinner on it's own.  S12 Seafood-Tod was my favorite. It reminded me a little of the Vietnamese omelet appetizer Banh Xeo. This version is much more fluffy,  fuller, slightly chewier in texture and without green lettuce to wrap. Now midway through our dinner, we just had enough room to sample S13,  Moo-Tod  Seafood and it was then time to ask for,  "two takeout boxes please". 34, Shrimp Pad Thai  was never  touched and just when right into the take out box..We orderer four dishes because of the great pricing of their entrees. Incredibly affordable. Fortunately, of the three of four entrees we did taste, each was fantastic so I am pretty sure the the Pad Thai wouldn't be that far off from excellent..BTW the trip this evening to TSNH was seven miles shorter in each direction than crossing the causeway over Lake Pontchatrain
5	I was here couple time for lunch, both times were busy. The food is not bad compare to spring mountain location. We went here for dinner time, the food was way better. Chicken mint, pai tai, pai see ew, and chicken satay were awesome. We thought we have to take them go, but they all gone. The quality and quantity are great. During dinner time is not busy like lunch time. It was quite nice and we enjoyed it a lot with thunder storm and lightning outside. Definitely we will go there dinner again.
4	This is still a new place but seems like they are doing good. Food : excellent Love their noodle choices. The soup is flavorful. Price : FairGreat price for the good quality and quantity. Service: average - low There are usually two waitresses working here. They are not mean or anything, but not great either. If they could bring a cup of water a little bit sooner, I would tip more though. Such a shame. Good place over all. I will come back.
3	The service here is non existent. I walked to the back where the "hostess stand" was and asked if we seated ourselves, to which the two girls said nothing, then one of the girls grabbed two menus and walked us to a table. We sat for a good 10 minutes without being acknowledged. I called over one of the girls to ask for water and to place my order. I ordered the chicken yellow curry and spicy Thai basil both with brown rice. The yellow curry had a good consistency and came with white meat chicken while the Thai basil came with dark meat which was low quality. Both dishes were minimal in size and came with a big scoop of rice and a small amount of the actual dish. The prices here are considerably lower than most Thai restaurants but the quality and value is about the same as an average neighborhood Thai restaurant. They do offer brown rice so I may come back if I am in the neighborhood and want a quick straight forward meal.
5	Loved it!!! My favorite was the Panang shrimp with avocado. So creamy, flavorful, and just had the right amount of spice to keep your mouth watering for more. It was so good with white rice  I highly recommend the duck fried rice and the Pad Thai as well. So yummy! The place is clean and has a modern decor. Price wise, decently affordable. Will definitely come back again
2	We have been there for three times, each time they just gave us less and less noodles in the soup, we had to order extra noodles.  Their beef noodle soup taste good, but the portion is so small my 3 year old can finish it in no time. The fried noodles is the same, small portion!  Won't go back again!
4	I really liked the Thai style noodle house on fortapache and was really excited when I found out they had one closer to home. At first glance I thought the new place looked really cool. Then after taking a seat I realized the atmosphere was very strange. The space felt really big and empty even though there were others eating in the restaurant. The servers were nice, but not very attentive. The food was good, for the price. I had the three companion. The chicken was decent, portion wasn't satisfying, though. The sticky rice was nice and hot. The som tum was alright. Albeit The decor is still "cool",  but I rather drive the extra ten minutes to the other location where the atmosphere makes me feel like I'm out eating rather than the feeling of eating alone at home. However, I would still come back to this location of I'm short on time. It's not bad, not great. It's good. 3.5 stars.
3	[CUISINE]I love the food at the other location. At this location the first time I came the Khua Kai was consistent with the other location. On my second visit it was not appetizing. The noodles were barely seared and there was a pile of pepper in the center of my dish. If this was my first time here it would be unlikely that I would return. :( I love the food at the other location so much so I may try it again. It could be that they are new and working out the kinks so I may give it another shot.[DECOR]I'm a huge fan of the other location on Tropicana and Ft. Apache. This location is a little awkward. It's too spacious and it feels very empty and unwelcoming.[SERVICE]When I arrived the server was assisting a to go order at the register. If I hadn't been to their other location I wouldn't have known that I needed to wait to be seated. The server didn't greet me with so much as a smile while she was assisting her other guest or say "I'll be right with you". I would recommend putting a sign to the right of the entrance similar to the other location that says "please wait to be seated" along with a sofa or bench where people can sit while they are waiting to be assisted. Currently there is just a tall plant there. My plate arrived almost 10 minutes after my husbands plate did. I had requested extra sauce and had to repeat my request when my plate arrived, and again after I finished half of my meal. About 15-20 minutes before the bill arrived I finished my Thai tea and wanted some water but the server never stopped by my table. During our meal there were 2 servers and three tables including ours... [PRICE]The prices are very very cheap. Ranging from $7-$10
5	Me & my gf were originally going to eat at SOHO Japanese Restaurant, but there was a 20 minute wait. We noticed this restaurant next door & it wasn't as busy. I've been to Archie's & Pin Kaow which are two other popular Thai restaurants in the area, but this restaurant is now my favorite Thai restaurant. You get a good size portion of food for whatever entree you order for a really decent price. We had food leftover to take home. I definitely would recommend having the papaya salad & Mongolian beef which was what I ordered. My gf had Thai beef fried rice & crispy noodles which was also very delicious. This is definitely a place you have to try out if you love Thai food!
5	I just moved close to this place so I gave it a try. Got the shrimp and chicken nooddle. Omg it really was delicious! Everything looked fresh, vegetables crunchy and perfectly tasty. Also very cheap!! Will def try more of their menu!
5	The food here is incredibly good. The portions on the plates are just enough to satisfy. The menu is extensive serving most of the thai traditional dishes. Compared to other places, this restaurant is not expensive at all but even if it was the food would be well worth it. Seems like its been remodeled cause the seating booths are nice and firm. The place is clean with 3 huge wall-mounted TV displays. If you're in the area I highly recommend Thai Style Noodle House.
4	Those of us that call southwest Las Vegas home know that the Thai Style Noodle House has been a number of different places over the years... But this time I think we have found something that will stick.  I am a huge Thai food fan, and can report that this place meets all the standards.  They offer delivery, takeout and have improved the dinning room to make it so that you don't want to just get it to go. So give this place a try!
1	Pretty walking in, but the allure ended there. We stood at the entranceway waiting to be seated while the servers were staring at us from the cashier stand; if they weren't going to seat us right away, a greeting would've been nice. The food was not that great. We ordered the pad see eu which was starchy tasting, and the pad ped snapper, which was pieces of fried fish fillets with veggies in curry. We also ended up waiting an extremely long time before getting the check, probably because they hardly ever checked on us. Definitely not impressed. If you want good Thai food with decent service, drive the extra mile to Pin Kaow or even Archi's.
5	This place is good. The fried rice is bomb! The delivery time was quick. I have only tried a few things, but I am definitely going back.
4	Thai Style Noodle House has always caught my eye since regular at Liu same shopping mall. Thai food is definitely one of my favorites. So was excited about coming in for lunch and trying some of the food.I ordered the Chicken and Shrimps Silver Noodles. I was in the mood for a nice hearty noodle dish for lunch. This dish delivered on point!!! They were not skimpy on the protein either chicken or shrimp, nice amount of vegetables from bean sprouts, carrots, cabbage, and the clear noodles again nice portion size. I really liked the sauce not really heavy gravy sauce but more light sauce. Not over powering. All the vegetables had nice crunch, al dente, and looked eye appealing just looking at it. It reasonable price. Menu is pretty diverse with lots of pictures just in case not sure.The service was excellent. I got seated soon as I walked in. Never had empty glass. The decor is pretty interesting. It had bland look too it. Sure the walls are painted so nothing like cafeteria style. On one side of the walls there couple widescreen televisions. Other then that and one sculpture that sit on the counter. Odd. Yet they have modern look between the light fixtures above and the seats. If you walk in never think going into Thai restaurant. Good or bad? It all about the food for me. In Thai Style Noodle House case am FAN. No doubt plan on making it regular lunch spot for me and trying more of the menu.
5	This place is a hidden gem. The decor is modern and sleek. The food was good and the prices were amazing. Definitely will be going back. The silver noodle soup was just what I needed on a cold night.
4	I recently moved here from LA and I have asked every Thai or Laos person where I can find authentic Thai boat noodles, oh I should add I am Laos and have had authentic Thai and Laos food from the motherland. Anyways, to my disappointment no one could give me a definite answer to replenish my craving. Until I stumbled upon this quaint little establishment. For the record, I am only reviewing their Thai boat noodles because I can eat everything else on the menu any time I want. Overall it was pretty good and satisfied my craving. I am glad it's near my house and was not over priced like most Asian spots s in SW and MTN edge. This Asian spots charge almost $10.00 for sub par Pho. Rip off! I recommend you try this dish if you haven't.
4	This location has been the best so far when it comes to the food. We've been to all the other ones and it was either the service or food that wasn't great. We try everything on the menu and everything was delicious. It is also a plus being close to our house instead of driving to Chinatown and waiting forever to be seated! Sometimes it is hit or miss with the waitress not coming back to do refills or check on us but our kids enjoy the food anyway. The combination noodle soup is rich and tasty. They are generous with their portions too! I love that they never changed their prices which keeps us regulars coming back :) if you order papaya salad, ask for it Lao style if you don't prefer it sour like the Thai way. Red curry, pad see ew, calamari, tom kah kai and any kind of noodle soups are the usuals we get!
4	My client and I took a shot in the dark on this place being we never had or heard of it. But it was top notch! I had the yellow chicken curry with rice level 5 spicy! REALLY good. I'd recommend it and I'll definitely be back! Plus great customer service! Thank you guys
3	Spacious and modern interior, very nice and neat.Mongolian beef is very salty. Beef is not tender, and you can't taste anything but the soy sauce.Roasted duck, the broth is on the sweet side. Feeling impressed at the first sips, but got tired of the way too sweet taste and can't drink more. Wonton is big but juicy and flavorful. The highlight of the whole meal is the shrimp rolls which are perfectly deep fried, thin crispy wrap and a fresh shrimp inside!
3	This location is new, but the food is too salty and lacks flavor like the Chinatown location. Too bad since it's near my home, but not worth going to over Chinatown location.
5	So glad they opened one near my place. It was kind of a hassle to drive to Chinatown for my favorite Chicken Pad Thai, but now It's literally 5 minutes away. I recommend you try the friend wontons too if you want a snack pretty good.
3	The staff was nice but the food was so-so.  Nothing in the way of ambience either. I don't plan on coming back. :(
