4	My neighbors just got broken into so I stopped by to say hello to some people who could help make me feel safe at home.  The friendly guys behind the counter are of course intimately familiar with North Carolina gun laws and can explain every minute detail of the weapons they carry.  With crime on the rise or at least not exactly on a leash in Charlotte, considering protection for your home and family is not a bad idea.  Just make sure you take safety first and if you have kids, teach them to respect firearms. That's my public service announcement for the day!One could say they have a limited selection since they only carry a handful of makers. But you could also argue that they only carry the best.  You can be proud of whatever you walk out of here with.
2	Nice store.  Friendly staff.  I've just never seen a price there that I could not beat somewhere else.
4	For the moment, I have a gun in my home that a friend has lent me so that I could decide if this is something I really want around. So far, only good things to say. I've been to a defensive pistol association "shoot" so that I could get better not just at hitting a stationary piece of paper but also be comfortable handling this weapon in a more 'active' situation.I had already stopped by Hyatt and checked out their accessories, finding them to be much more expensive than anything available on the Internet. While they were very helpful, I thought it might be best to shop around. Which brought me to Carolina Sporting Arms.Similarly stocked with accessories in a neatly organized manner, a sales guy was immediately able to help point me to what I was looking for. And I found that here too, it's very expensive compared to Internet pricing. So that's two.If you're looking for something that cant be shipped FedEx (like a gun or live ammunition) or if there is something you need right away, then here is a good stop. But if you can wait for it, there are any number of sporting goods vendors on the Internet that will save you a bunch of money.
5	I'm coming in hear to get some Ear Plugs.  I understand the staff working in a Gun Shop being a little suspicious of any customer they may be meeting for the first time and I want to make the best impression on the staff surrounded by this many weapons.  Before entering I remove and leave in the car: my hoodie, camera and cell phone (anything that looks as though I may be concealing a large to medium sized weapon, I'm wearing 2008 skinny jeans (no room for an ankle holster here) and a t -shirt (I would have worn a plain one if I had thought about it (this one has a skull on it)!  Even though I did not look like a person who should be going into a Gun Shop I wanted to look as normal as I could without wearing a disguise!Collapsible Batons are illegal for civilians to carry, so forget about that!Tazers - Cool Video!  This may be the way to go if you do not want a "lethal" weapon!  Check out this video!Small hand guns are easily concealable and easily transportable, though a smaller lighter gun is going to "kick" more -  Weight to a gun has a recoil advantage though a "carrying" disadvantage (weight) There are many factors to consider and the staff here is patient to answer questions and good about asking you questions to find the best "fit"!  Guns may not be the best option for everyone!Instruction at an "off-site" campus is offered so you can learn to properly handle your weapon!  Instructional Programs are selected by skill level, so if you are a beginner you will be learning with others who may have never touched a Firearm!If you are going to carry Pepper Spray you need to know it will probably get on you if you are spraying it outdoors even if there is no wind and indoors in a tight space it can be real bad!Have you heard of the "crazies" who are only marginally affected by Tear Gas, Mace and Pepper Spray, Even the Police grade Combination of the three (with a 20 feet stream, even a entire Police sized can emptied on one person - First the Eyes, up the Nostrils, in the mouth and throat and last the crotch - It burns and in hot weather in burns much much more, it is painful I can tell you from experience... In 1995 I had a friend empty a whole CAN (Police Grade and Volume) on me for a College Group Demo - We had friends on the Police Force and they brought us the product they were using - the Police did not want to spray me though they volunteered to instruct my friend how to administer the Spray most effectively - First my friend gave me a little "taste" Face, Eyes and mouth, right away I could tell it was not going to deter, much less stop me!  Our Police buddies instructed my friend to unload the entire can on me!  Unfortunately the crowd got more than they expected (outdoor demo with a little wind)!  It was hard for me to keep my eyes opened, it was painful though I demonstrated that I could still run around and talk and was not noticeably hindered by the pain and irritation of the intense burning sensation from the spray!   It wore off completely in forty five minutes and I went to the Doctor for a minor eye infection and slight eye strain the next day or the day after that!  It seems that you build a further resistance to the burning as I have stuck my fingers in my eyes after mincing hot peppers and sprayed "breath spray" in my eyes (by accident of course)!
3	Hello friends,This is a nice gun shop. The guys inside seem very helpful and knowledgeable. They WILL TRY to up sale. The prices seem a bit on the steep side IMHO.On the flip side... the city of Charlotte has Finally allowed Zoning inside the city limit for Gun Range.
4	Amazing selection on hand and helpful staff to boot. I was able to find sigtac accessories for my P229 that I'd been unable to locate elsewhere in NC or SC.  They have a magnificent selection of ammo, safety gear, an safes.  Good shop!
3	I found this store's guns to be fairly pricey.  Good selection, but i ended up buying elsewhere.
3	Good selection and the store has helpful employees. The range is new and nice , but most of the range employees are rude and judgmental. As regulars, they changed their rules (only hard ears now and select ammo) and were very rude to us about the change. Their solution was to buy $60+ ear plugs, because most of their hard ears aren't "range worthy." Bazaar as to why you'd sell something that you can't use?They seem to be nickel-and-diming now, so be prepared for them to deny your ears or ammo and require you to buy their marked-up gear. Hoping they will go back to ways they used to do things rather than these new, greedy ways. Guns and ammo are expensive enough, no need to up charge even more. Stop shaking people by their ankles.
5	Thank you Jerry Countryman for helping me with my issue!  Incredibly nice and professional, Jerry worked on this problem for 20 minutes.  I had worked on it for 60 and could not determine the answer.  He got it in 5 minutes!  Had a wonderful experience dealing with this man.  I really appreciate what he did for me.
3	Update: Went in today and for $20 dollars shot my own targets, with my own 250 rounds. Range master was helpful with a question I had with hand placement. The conversation though began with an accusation of a stray bullet, but diluted by the fact all my shots where grouped and on target. Assumption was shots to background would move debris lead sometimes. They had issues and did not realize just how much lead collected in six months, they where finding lead kicked out to within five feet of the shooting bays.Regardless, I am a moderately experienced shooter and took the accusation poorly. It put me in a bad mood. Thus, I left with out seeing a salesman like I usually do.Over all I feel like they need to not be so over baring. Misses are to be expected in order to push more realistic shooting. Quick aim and follow up shots, low lighting, off hand shooting etc.Also, the room was quite warm, as i was dripping wet down my back and in my hair. Good for stress training, but I was wearing good clothes and expected AC in their new range............Just used the new shooting range. I brought my son and together we knocked about 250 holes in our target today. A nice atmosphere every where we were in the shop.Greeted by a courteous young man for newbie range registration.  I than took a glance at some Glocks where a very patient older gentleman showed me various differences between the version 3 and 4, until I glanced around realizing I was holding up traffic. I thanked him an left him to go shoot. Here I did need to purchase a second set of ears for only $20 and a few targets @ 1.50 per. The counter people where very communicative and had me on my way on lane three in minutes. Which leaves me with the very nice range master inside, thank you so much sir. I will be back if not to purchase a weapon, but at a minimum to enjoy the AC controlled range and to enjoy his company once more, even with ear protection.
