3	So I was returning back to the office after doing a site visit and I heard the dreaded "Pow!  Thump-thump-thump"!  So I pulled over, got out of the car and sure enough, that right front tire was flatter than a Nebraska cornfield.  O-o-k-ay!   I was so glad that years ago my brother taught me how to change a tire.Well this Monro was the nearest place to get the tire repaired.  It turned out I'd picked up a nail!  I've heard good and bad about auto repair chains, but they did get the tire fixed quickly.  And girls, you shouldn't be afraid of learning how to change a tire.  Because I had the company car, it actually took me longer to do the memo and the expense report than it did to put the spare on
2	First impression:The guys here were borderline rude to me when I dropped my car off. I thought I had talked to someone on the phone and made an arrangements. It turns out there are two Monro Muffler locations on Penn Ave and no employee at either shop thought to bring this up (then, or at any point), as I had called the wrong location (I found out days later).Service:They took my car in anyway and said "they'd get to it tomorrow", well tomorrow became the next day and the day after... Got a call that the mufflers I bought for the car turned out to be the wrong ones so I called around, tracked down the right ones, and dropped the correct ones off there within two hours of the call.Quality of work:All in all it took a week for them to get the work done and I was under the impression they would be welding the whole system together. It turns out they just use clamps and bolt stuff together. I asked them to make me some tail pipes for me with bends over the rear axle and they couldn't do it with 2.5" pipe, turns out they are incapable of bending anything over 2" pipes there. Instead we agreed it would be easiest for them and cheapest to install short turndown pipes. So really it wasn't a terribly difficult job to be done.Overall impression:I gave two stars instead of one because they didn't actually break anything or lose my car or burn it down or anything. Pricing came in just over what we had agreed on because of the addition of the turndown pipes. I could have saved a lot of money and time and done it myself.
5	I was driving on a road trip from Ohio to Virginia and my parking brake light turned on while I was on the highway, so I figured it would be safest to pull of the road and have it checked out before I kept driving; this one happened to be the first one off the exit. Lu was quite the character: friendly and knowledgeable and Mike and the other guys were very friendly as well.  Lu got us in and out. He saw that the brake fluid was low and added some fluid for free and then put my car up on the lift and inspected the brakes just to make sure.  I was back on the road in no time and I'm so grateful for their friendly and fast service.  Seriously, these guys were great. Lu also took the time to describe and show me exactly what was going on with my car and so I felt safe hitting the road.  The problem was fixed and I appreciated their help so much, I got to my destination and created a Yelp account just so I could let everyone know what a great group of guys work there.  Thanks!
