5	Went there Sunday for the all you can eat Grand Lunch Buffet. The service was excellent, and the food was so good! I used the yelp deal 10 for 20. Best Indian food in the valley!!!
4	Extremely friendly service matched with a very tasty lunch buffet. Buffet is full of variety and levels of spice. The fresh naan helped square away the meal. Will definitely be back
3	Wow, new Buffets, & especially Indian Buffets, have been popping up so fast since the first of the year that it's hard to keep up with them all!  So here we have "Southern Spice", which has opened up in the former home of weak Taj Mahal, & I stopped in today to try their Lunch Buffet.Some weak points:*  They "open" at 11 AM, but apparently I know that better than they do, because the food wasn't all out until around 11:30.  It should have all been out before opening time!*  There were (eventually) only 16 food items, plus condiments.  That's small, even for an Indian Buffet.*  There were empty trays & spaces!  NO, that's not ok!  You put out SOMETHING in every space on the serving line!  A few hard boiled eggs, some chives, celery, SOMETHING!*  As when I was here twice when it was Taj Mahal, clear up around noon only ONE other customer had entered the place!*  There was Sambar (soup), but only dinky little bowls, & no soup spoons or tablespoons!= = = = = =Ok, there was good, too:*  The table service was friendly & the young lady checked with me several times to make sure I was happy with the taste of the food.*  There was a choice of plain or garlic Naan.  I had the garlic flavored & it was served hot, toasted just right, & it was good.*  The rest of the food was good, too.  I had some salad, tasty Chicken Tikki Masala, somewhat similar Palak, excellent Tandoori Chicken, Vada (similar to little donuts), Chicken Curry, Gulab Jamun ("monkey balls"), Gajar Halwa (carrot pudding), & so on.In summary, I wasn't thrilled with the place overall, but I will say that the food here is almost 2 Stars better than it was as "Taj Mahal", & they deserve more than two customers for their "lunch rush"!     :-OLunch Buffet $9.99 Tuesday through Thursday.  More on Friday through Sunday & closed Monday.
3	We ordered a To Go on Tuesday evening. Spicy chicken, veg biryani, onion naan, dal makhni, chicken tikka-dry. The food tastes really good. Ample size portions for 2 helpings ( for 2 people). The Dal makhni was  yummy. Unfortunately, the onion naan i had ordered seemed to have got burnt on one side. Wasa little charred, but no complaints on the taste. Chicken dishes were good. The southern spice chicken we rdered turned out more creamy than spicy(. May go there againif next time we are in Tempe. Pros-- neat little place. Tables well set, staff courteous. Lunch buffet also available. Bar available.cons-- Restaurant menu seems confusing. While they claim to specialize in hyderabadi cuisine, and southern india food, why they still include north indian dishes beats me. They should stay true to the name and concept. Also, the menu has spelling and pricing mistakes. Curried shrimp becomes "carried" shrimp. Be careful while ordering breads. Breads and north indian veg entrees are al over the place. Not in one section. The 2nd page lists Aloo parantha under north specials, riced at $7.99. On the second last page of the menu, under "breads", parantha and onion naans etc ar priced between$1.99-2.99). Seeing the huge $5 dollar difference for jst some potato filling on bread, i changed my order from aloo  parantha to onion naan. The bill however, showed a charge of only $1.50 for aloo parantha. i showed the staff why i had asked to change my order. He sheepishly smile and said, "no aloo paranta is  what we charged on the bill. ".      So the system has something, the menu shows entirely different prices. Bar stool are good, but seats are torn, show wear and tear. The restaurant has an open layout nd plenty of room.     I recommend trying out the food at least once.
2	Used to come here with an exboyfriend when it was under a different owner. Back then, it was our "go-to" Indian takeout place.  Nothing made me happier than grabbing takeout on the way home and we could settle in for a relaxing night in of food coma and great television.  Sadly, much like that relationship, all good things eventually come to an end.  In this case, the new restaurant is okay but not great.  The to-go orders tend to get mixed up,  (Chicken Korma instead of Chicken Tikki given), but my biggest gripe is that the naan is not nearly as good as it once was.  Naan is now overly chewy and doughy.  Maybe its been the few times I've come in, but when the naan isn't great, it breaks my heart.  Oh and the spiciness factor seems to be off.  i.e. its either way spicy, or way bland.
3	The food's good, and the portions substantial but my 3 star rating is based on the price of the food. Yes I know Indian cuisine is exotic and not as common as Thai, Vietnamese, Chinese and sushi restos but for what they offer, everything's pricey and above $10 that are only good to serve two people. I'm not gonna say that I'm an indian food expert despite me living in the Middle East when I was growing up where in Muscat, Oman and in many Gulf capitals and major cities, Indian food restos are so common that it's equivalent to our overabundance of Mexican restos here in Phoenix. We ordered our usuals the chicken tikka masala curry and the chicken korma with two garlic naans, and rice. wait a sec. we HAD TO ORDER RICE. like that doesn't make sense. It's Indian food, so, the bread or the rice should come with the entree. Like how weird would it be if I went to some mexican joint and ordered fajitas and had to also order the corn/flour tortillas?! Anyways, that's the basis of my 3 stars. Other than paying for small entree orders of curries and having to pay extra for rice everything else was fine. Next time I stop by, I'm ordering out and cooking some rice at home.
4	The food is delicious. I tried three types of bread/naan and they were all very good. The Malai Kofta was awesome. Paneer Tikka Masala was very good too. And finally, I found a place in Phoenix that serves real (Dum) Biryani.Having said that, the reason I did not give a full five stars is because the staff (including the manager) seem very inexperienced. The service is very slow too.
4	The food is just superb. Loved the biryani !!Ambiance is quite amicable. The usual buffet is $10 whereas weekend buffet is around $14 with many  more dishes.The south indian dishes (vada,idli,dosa) grt. I strongly recommend this place for 5 star food !
4	At our visit on 3/11/2012, the staff was very friendly, helpful and attentive.  Our waiter brought some delicious flatbread (not sure of the name) with mint chutney and tamarind sauce to enjoy while we waited for our meal to be prepared.  We ordered Spinach Chicken (Curry), Butter Naan, Chicken Garlic Kebab and Garlic Naan.  Everything tasted amazing, and the portions were generous.  Will definitely visit again!
1	This review is from January 8 '12 -- 3 of us went here for dinner yesterday. We ordered the veg thali just to get an idea of how the food was. The appetizer we got was the veg pakoda - not very bad, but just ok - pretty bland though. The soup had nothing but ginger in it. We got 2 curries of our choice. Among us 3 we ordered bhindi masala, palak paneer, dal makhni, paneer tikka masala, kadai vegetable and mutter paneer. Other than the palak paneer, nothing was even remotely good. The plain naan was ok. The rice was old. The desert - gulab jamun - was burning hot but was not bad. Service was good, but they definitely need to get a good cook. One star is only for the service. Bottomline is food was very bad and I would never go there again.
5	Great food and Great Service. (Dum) Biryani is really good.
3	This place was all right. The was good and the portions were okay; it fed me and my friend. But, unfortunately, it was not so awesome that I was able to overlook the price. It was a bit pricey, like over $10 a dish. We got or usual, the chicken tikka masala, chicken korma, naan, and rice, which wasn't even included in the price. That's right, people - RICE WAS NOT INCLUDED. Who does that?! Rice is such a standard; I get ordering naan, but rice? Anyways, other than that, the place was all right. The chicken tikka was yummy; the sauce had a nice consistency and was great with the naan :)
4	We came here for dinner.Bhindi Masala - Very good.  Great flavor and the okra was fresh.  It was dry as it should be (but often is not at other Indian restaurants).The lamb special - Excellent.  Lamb was tender and the sauce was the perfect blend of heat and flavor.Chicken Tikka Masala - Different, less tomato-ey than other places I've been to.  It was good, but not what we were expecting.Chicken Tandoori - The key here is that it wasn't dry.  It was nice and juicy.The garlic and butter naans were both perfect.The service was friendly and attentive.  One of my favorite Indian restaurants in the Valley.
5	Excellent Dum Biryani! Likely the Best one in the valley that I have ever tasted so far.. Even the indo-chinese chilli chicken was awesome. Hope they will keep up the quality and standards.
4	A pretty good buffet for $8.99 at lunch.  The meat entrees were mainly chicken (chicken tikka masala, chicken curry, tandoori chicken, chicken biriyani), with some vegetarian dishes (vegetable korma, pakora curry, daal).  They also included vegetable pakora, idli, and medu vada.  I was pleasantly surprised to see the latter two.  The idli had a nice texture and taste to go with the curries, and the medu vada was nicely fried with a smooth, slightly chewy texture.  The sambar soup was very good- I got seconds on that!  There was also a basic salad bar, and one dessert for our buffet today (carrot halwa, very good, not too sweet).  Naan was served freshly made to our table (choice of plain or garlic), which had a light, slightly crispy texture.  It was also drizzled with butter just to gild the lily.  I wasn't sure what to expect with this buffet based on the mixed reviews, but based on my experience today, I would definitely like to come here again for the buffet!
5	Being an Indian . I always keep looking out for good authentic indian restaurants in the valley. It was just by chance that I stumbled upon Southern Spice and Have been in love with the food served here ever-since. If you are looking for AUTHENTIC south INDIAN food . This is the place to be. The kerala style biryani served here is just awesome. I also tried the chicken tikka  which was really good . It was very juicy and perfectly cooked in the tandoor. The garlic naan was also really good. The only drawback about this place is :Service is very slow.
4	Once upon a time, I used to really love Taj Mahal in this same location.  But it kind of went downhill over time.  Seemed like the prices kept going up while the amount of actual protein served decreased.  But now Southern Spice has moved in, and I've eaten here repeatedly for much more than convenience.  Great food and reasonable prices.The chili paneer has become a staple appetizer for my husband and I.  On a good night, it's got just the slightest hint of a crunch to the edges.  On a bad night, still delicious.   I love both the butter chicken and chicken korma.  And the garlic naan...some of the best I've had.  The perfect balance of toastiness on the outside, chewiness on the inside.  The garlic has never been burnt either (I'm talking to you Tandoori Times).  Entrees thankfully include rice.  I have been getting pretty sick and tired of paying extra for that.I'm only taking a star off because a couple times I got a piece of chicken that wasn't well-trimmed.  I hate having anything in my mouth that I wouldn't willingly swallow.  So not cool.But otherwise, I'm a fan and will single-handedly do my best to keep them in business.  I'm generous like that.
2	I ate here once a few weeks back with a Groupon that was about to expire. I went with my mom and husband and we got there just as the restaurant was opening for dinner service. I wasn't aware that they closed between lunch and dinner so when we showed up right before 5 it was a little awkward. I almost thought it had closed down because it looked that way from the outside. They have a decent sized patio in the front that is not utilized. The place would look so much more welcoming if something was done with the front of the building. So we get in and are seated. Not long after three more parties show up and are seated while we were dining. The service was fast and friendly as our waiter quickly came over to take drink and food orders. I asked some questions about what was vegan on the menu and the waiter pointed out a few items and we picked out two, and my mom got a lamb dish. The two dishes we ordered were the Masala Aloo Gobi, which is a potato and cauliflower curry,  and Chana Masala, which was a chickpea with curry spices. My mom and husband also ordered some bread for the table, which I didn't eat because it contained dairy. The food was ok. I was surprised by both how simple they were and the portion sizes considering our entrees were ten dollars each. I felt like I could have made this at home for no more than a few dollars of ingredients. I was also expecting some heat in the dishes, but there was none. There was a nice curry flavor but I didn't feel like the dishes lived up to the name of the restaurant. My mom liked her lamb dish but also said that she has had better elsewhere. The final bill for three entrees, the bread, and my husband ordered a mango drink was a couple dollars short of $50, which seemed crazy to me considering how little food is actually given.After some thought, I most likely wont be returning here. It's not that the food was terrible or the service was bad, everyone was actually really friendly, I just don't feel like we got a good deal, and I feel that I could make curry just as well or better than here on my own and for a lot less money.
2	We went a few weeks ago with a Groupon.  I ordered a Dosa that was about the size of my right arm!lol  That really surprised me!  Check plus for presentation!  It also came with a veggie soup.  BUT, I asked the waitress if I could have potatoes in the Dosa ALONG with the veggies.  She said yes, but when it came out it only had potato in it.  Womp, Womp.  My friends opted for the buffet.  Overall nothing was really amazing and it would have helped if the waitress would have informed us about the buffet being an option for the Groupon instead of us having to ask about it.  It would have saved us some time.
5	I came to know of this restaurant through a Groupon offer. $40 Value for $20. Walked in, my guest and I were greeted within a few seconds. Got to select our own table. Restaurant filled up pretty fast. Bollywood music videos played on the televisions by the Bar. Restaurant was very clean. Ambiance was lovely. Good Menus and Great Varieties. On seating we were served Papad accompanied with Mint and Tamarind Chutnies. The sauces were excellent! We ordered Vegetable Samosas, Mixed Vegetable Pakoras, Butter Naan, Chicken Tikka Masala, Vegetable Biryani accompanied with raita and curry sauce on the side and Mango Lassi (freshly made). The individuals attending to us were very pleasant and the pace of service was perfect, soda filled in a timely manner, us being asked how each course was shortly after they came out. I was most pleasantly surprised overall. I have had Indian food all my life, home-cooked, restaurant-made; I am from India and have even at one time worked at an Indian restaurant... THIS was good food, and it was a GREAT experience. Shortly after our meal, the owner stopped by and asked how everything was. We talked for a few minutes. I saw him do this at other tables as well. That personal touch was important. He told us his story of how he is from Hyderabad (in Andhra Pradesh, India), went to college near my hometown in India and now works in Tempe while owning this fabulous restaurant. Another gentleman that had been serving us said he was from Kerala in India (another southern state) and we chatted briefly as well. I learnt they cater in a refreshing manner (breads and certain dishes are cooked in front of you at the venue). He shared with me about Onam, a Kerala festival, coming up late-August where they will be participating among other dining establishments and vendors to celebrate the occasion with great flair among those who enjoy delicious cuisines at an event partnered with ASU.The prices are most reasonable and portions quite large. I am eating leftovers at lunch while I write this review the day following and they heated up wonderfully!Greatly looking forward to trying different items on the menu during my next visit! Enjoy!!
2	I've been here twice. Once for dinner. I ordered Chicken Tikka Masala and also a fried veggie/chickpea side dish. The Masala is okay; the chicken is a bit hard.I went here for the lunch buffet. None of the food was hot, and they were serving meat. It was covered but seemed to not be heated in any way. I ate at noon, and the buffet starts at 11am, so I wasn't even at the tail end. Definitely some health concerns with that.If you go, don't go to the lunch buffet.
5	Indian Spice, previously known as Taj Mahal, can not compete with any other Indian restaurant in the Valley. I drafted a review for Tandorii Times about a year ago and was dead sure IT was the best. .... But Indian Spice has me hooked. I will definitely be back for the Chicken Tikka Masala, garlic naan, samosas, and the Paneer- to die for. If you like spicy- make sure you ask for way more than an 8 on the 1-10 scale. Our dishes were low medium at an 8.
3	Really good food but the atmosphere could use some work
1	This was my second visit to this place. From my first visit the food was average but the restaurant manager was little wired. This time around he came out as a very obnoxious person. Yesterday I went with a colleague and the place seem to have much more people than the last time around. The manager gave us a table and left. After waiting for 15 minutes I decided to walk up to the bar area to check if we will be served at all. Guess what was the managers excuse for not sending anyone to the table: "Sir anyways you will have to wait for 15 - 20 minutes cause we are so busy .. thats why we didn't send anyone to your table".  We were totally aghast by his response.. and of course walked out without eating .. and also we are never going back to this place again. Too bad that I love Indian food so much and it makes it one fewer place to go to but this guy is completely wired
3	= = = = = =  CLOSED, NOT "MOVED"!  = = = = = =A weak Buffet presentation has done this place in, and it's no surprise.  Getting the food out half an hour late, dinky selection, empty trays on the serving line, not having proper tableware or dishes available & other problems are sure to do a Buffet in, especially in a competitive environment such as we have here in the Valley, and it did!     :-OA new restaurant, Bombay Palace, has moved into the building.  Review forthcoming.     :-)
