5	I'm a person who takes her shoe collection VERY seriously and I don't hand it over to just anyone. But I will hand it over to the folks at Belk's shoe repair. The lady there does great work for a good price ($8-10 for heel repairs) and good turnaround (2-3 weekdays).What makes her so good? For one thing, if you take in shoes to be resoled, she'll tell you if you just need the heels fixed. And if you want something repaired and it can't be done, she'll tell you up front, as well. But the best thing is that, whenever I take shoes to her, they always seem to come back to me a little spiffier and a little shinier. Like I said, I care about my shoes. And I'm glad Belk does, too.
5	I love shoes. Sometimes I love them too much - and by that I mean I will wear the crap out of my shoes. You know what I'm talking about - the heel plug falls out or the leather starts lookin' oh so sad. That's what I love the Belk Shoe Repair - they put the life back into my shoez.As Chelsea mentioned, the folks here are honest. If they can't fix your sad soles, then they won't attempt it (or charge you). Hubs has taken his ridiculously pricey shoes here many a time and they come back looking fabulous. And my heels (albeit much cheaper) return to my closet with zeal. Whether you need a shoe completely resoled, non-slip pads added, a heel fixed or just a good ole sprucing up, you can trust your footwear here.
5	Never thought of this place when thinking of YELP reviews, but glad these 2 folks did to prompt me...this place is FANTASTIC!...have went here for 8 years now when I need resoling/restitching or any other small shoe problem fixed, they're quick, as mentioned honest (I've had them twice tell me they'd just be taking my money by trying to fix a problem that won't work) and charge a decent price (for Belks SOuthPark, a really great price)..EX: my wive just had an old pair of cowboy boots resoled for $25...try & find that anywhere else in town....love these folks!
5	This is without a doubt the best show repair place in town. I just picked up 5 pairs of shoes that needed some TLC. From Cole Haan, to Allen Edmonds, to Ferragamo...they make them look great, which cuts down on the cost of buying new ones :) I needed a new insole, a new heals, a new bottom, some glue along the edge and all shined. I was expecting well over $100, but it was only $90.Best part about the experience, is that they examine the shoe and let you know if something needs to be done that you didn't think of AS WELL as what you think needs to be done that can wait. Fair perspective in my mind. Head up to the top floor of Belk next to customer service. What looks like a small little place, it much, much more! Only place I take shoes.
5	Yep, this is a solid stop. While I didn't pay attention to the hours of operation the first time I tried to drop off some heels, I made sure to get it right the next time. They are not open on Sundays even though Belk is. Quick, convenient, and my shoes are back to almost brand new! To replace the heel plug it'll run you $10 per pair. They have a nice selection of other shoe "accessories," like the little sticky things to put in the back of your shoes so your heels don't slip out. Side note, they also make duplicate keys...or at least I assume so since there were colorful keys on the counter.With the whole economy on the fritz, there have been news stories about more people going to repair their shoes instead of buying new ones. It was a good reminder that regardless of finances, it's good to renew and keep reusing my shoes. I'm glad that Yelpers reviewed this place to give me the idea to add more life to my well loved shoes and where to do so!
5	This place is located inside of the Belk store, on the 4th floor in the area labeled customer service. In desperate need of repair, I took in my fav brown boots, which needed a new heel and to be resoled. I was hesitant, but I turned over my boots figuring they couldn't come back any worse than the condition then what they already were. I took my ticket and counted the days until I could return to pick them up. Boy o boy was I ecstatic when she opened the bag and I saw my boots, looking brand new but still worn in in all the right places! Maybe I just got lucky but they did seem to polish up the leather so I was really happy about that! I have such a hard time finding shoes that fit right so I have a serious love for the ones that make it into my closet and get worn to the point they need repair so I'm so happy to have a place to take them so I don't have to start the battle of finding a new pair again.
5	This is where I take my hardworking shoes for a little R&R, they come back looking new & refreshed.  The prices are great, the quality is great, as long as you can find it inside Belk, take your shoes there!
5	A treasure....$28 for stitched and cemented half soles that were perfectly matched to my favorite Cole Haans.  This place is a bargain and the quality of work is top notch.  A rarity in this day and age...
5	Read great reviews about this place so I thought I'd give it a try. I have a beloved pair of tall flat black boots that I haven't been able to part with or replace (believe me, I've tried). I decided to take these in to see what magic could be worked on these since I've been embarrassed to wear them. They were faded, heel sole uneven, and the stitching was starting to come undone near the zipper. I dropped them off and it only was going to take 4 days for them to be repaired. I got them back today and they looked like new! Obviously there's still some wear lines in the leather but they had resoled, dyed, and restitched the zipper and for a little over $20. Definitely worth a try for anyone looking for minor or major repairs.
5	Every time I need to get my dress shoes fixed or repaired, they are the ones I go to.  They do an excellent job and the prices are fair. They have allowed me to keep using shoes I have worn for over six years now.
5	Best shoe repair in Charlotte! I have taken shoes elsewhere before (a couple places Uptown close to work, etc. and the quality just does not compare). I brought in my favorite pair of Tory Burch wedges that I had worn the heal completely down on and they look brand new again. I also brought in an Ugg that had a huge tear right by the toe, and they stitched a thin line over the tear and it looks great considering how it looked before! Did not take long and prices are great. I dropped them off Tuesday night and they were ready by Friday afternoon.
5	ok... This is an awesome place. They are on the fourth floor of the Belks department store in the SouthPark mall.I dropped off a pair of cowboy boots to be re-healed.They just didn't add new rubber to the heal, they removed and rebuilt the stack, replaced the rubber heal. Then they repaired some minor damage on the upper heal of the boot. And I got them back in the same week! All this was done for a VERY fair price. ( I wonder if they allow tipping. )I liked the job they did on my brown boots so much I dropped my black pair of boots for a little more extensive repair.Thanks guys!
