5	I had a great experience with Blue Bird Carpet Cleaning. They are super friendly and make you feel like family! They do a great job and have very good prices!
4	I apparently had a different experience than the other reviewers.  First, I will say yes, their van is very loud but since there are loud sirens and leaf blowers already going all day long, it really is nothing louder than you should be able to tolerate.  Second, I had  a very nice man answer the phone. He quoted me $135 for a 2 bedroom fully carpeted apartment with carpeted dining room, halls and stairs included.  He called the day before to confirm and actually called me back the day after the shampoo, when I accidently pocket dialed him to verify that nothing was wrong with the service.  There were two guys, they did an awesome job and the carpets looked great and the stairs were fabulous.  After two years of living there, the stairs had developed the usual Vegas line of black grease that seems to occur frequently here on stairs by the entrances.   They showed up on time and took about an hour and a half. I would use them again.
5	I am a property superintendent that is responsible for five strip malls and one class "A" professional business office. In the professional business office we have Doctors, Lawyers and Dentist that insist the grounds as well as the interior are pristine. I have been using Blue Bird Carpet and Janitorial services for over 10 years and couldn't be happier with the professional services they provide. I also use them in all my emergency situations. There is nothing better than seeing a BBCC van pull up when a tenant is ankle deep in their suite because their hot water heater broke. I have also referred them to several tenants who still to this day use them at work and home. I have and will always stand behind a company that I know does a great job.
5	I can't even begin to say how impressed I was with Blue Bird Carpet Cleaning!!!!Blue Bird is by far the best carpet cleaner I've ever used.  You won't find better services and the price is very reasonable! I was referred to Blue Bird by a close friend that use's there services for foreclosured properties. The gentleman that came out to my house were hard working and very friendly. They arrived promptly, moved my furniture, and after a few hours, my carpet was clean and the tile was sparkling again. Since then, I have had Blue Bird Carpet Cleaning come out to my house once a year and I have received the same excellent workmanship. I cannot recommend Blue Bird enough!
5	Five stars! Never been more satisfied with a cleaning company, and trust me, I've used my fair share of them. My carpet looks brand new. And I have an Asian roommate, so you know that thing was GREASY. They have some beautiful people employed with wonderful customer service skills. The owner of the company even greeted me upon walking in and we chatted for quite awhile!
5	Best family owned company in town!!
5	I was referred to Fernando Montoya (the owner of Blue Bird) by a friend who has used them for years and am very, Very pleased. I got an appointment right away, and I really didn't think these old carpets could look this clean! The service reps were prompt and pleasant and made quick work of things. I will definitely be calling Blue Bird for future carpet cleaning needs.UPDATE:  I just read all the reviews for this vendor and I have to say, the reviews claiming rude/bad customer service seem fishy -- especially the one claiming he was told the owner does not make sales calls. When I called on a Saturday to book an appointment, the owner, Fernando, answered the phone himself!Although I can't be sure what is true in this case, I have learned from being on Yelp and talking to businesses around town that companies will sometimes get employees and/or friends post negative reviews about their competition. The tip-off is a combination of multiple 5-star and 1-star reviews for the same vendor within a short period of time. Generally, a company isn't going to be really great one week and completely terrible the next. A real, valid series of reviews should probably include some 2-, 3-, and 4-star reviews.(Of course, it's always possible that the reverse is true:  a company gets employees or friends to post a bunch of 5-star reviews -- and it's the 1-star reviews that are actually real/true! However, in this case, because I was referred by a friend who has happily used Blue Bird for years, I'm guessing the 5-star reviews for Blue Bird are the real deal.)
5	Blue Bird recently cleaned my house from top to bottom and cleaned the carpets all to prepare my house for sale. The cleaning crew showed up a few minutes early and were ready to work. They use their own supplies and will clean almost anything you ask them from ceiling to floor. They do an amazing job and pay attention to detail. They left the bathrooms shining. After the cleaning crew was done the carpet crew came in. Now understand my carpet is a light color and slightly aged and they did an amazing job getting it clean and looking new. They moved the furniture with care and placed risers underneath heavy furniture to keep it off the carpet while it dried. They are fast and very efficient. The owners, Orlando and Fernando take pride in their business as does the staff. I don't normally write reviews or stick my neck out for businesses unless I can trust them and feel comfortable referring them to friends and family. I would certainly recommend Blue Bird for any home, business or carpet cleaning. They are very professional and very skilled at what they do. Stay away from the big commercial services and use the locally owned and operated small businesses. They care!  Will definitely use them in the next house. You should too.
5	Great service and the owner Fernando is always friendly his guys are great and my carpets always look beautiful after they clean it! I have used them for years.
