5	I contacted SEVERAL Realtors, but Ika Frogel CLEARLY stood out above the rest. He is proactive, goes above and beyond the call of duty, knows the industry better than any I've worked with, and always shows me EXACTLY what I'm looking for! Never a moment wasted!Ika's expertise and experience as an INSTRUCTOR of Real Estate agents AS WELL as a realtor himself helped to put me in TOP position in the group of bidders on the house I wanted. He knows how to win when sellers play hard ball, and how to write a 'clean' offer that they'll accept! In this market I feel so lucky to have found him! On top of all that, he is FANTASTIC to be around! He is kind, friendly, thoughtful, funny, poised, eloquent, precise, and effective! 100% like-able, and 100% proficient! What more could anyone ask? If you work with Ika, you're guaranteed to be a satisified customer! Although he has other clients, he'll treat you like you're number one! Do yourself a favor and call him!
5	Simply put...awesome.  Ika is a true professional.  He loves what he does and seeks nothing but perfection in delivering services.  I could give example after example of what he does.  Here is there when you call him...he will provide input and advice when asked...but will patiently wait as you sort through your thoughts.I have purchased two homes through Ika and have sold one.  On each transaction, I walked away feeling it was a fair deal.  I have tried other agents in this town...but will never do so again.  If you need an agent that will serve "your" needs and not their own, look no further.Thank you Ika for what you have done for us to this point.  I am sure there is more to come...
5	Ika is the most professional realtor you could possibly ask for. He works hard and does the job with an amazing amount of knowledge, experience and skill. Ika will keep you informed of what you need to know before you ever have to ask.  He has many years in the business and in the area and clearly loves every aspect of the work he does. Ika employs a a transaction co ordinator that is also a joy to work with and who keeps the process on track and in motion. I can not say enough good things about the wonderful experience of working with Ika on a sale and a purchase. I will work with him again and recommend him highly to everyone I can.I felt that I had Ika in my corner at every turn in the road and was really in awe of his ability to see every angle of each situation as it arrived. You will not regret employing him to handle your real estate needs. I contacted Ika because of his Yelp recommendations and could not be more pleased.
