5	This was my first time going to this location although im alway at their downtown one. It was a quick in and out this time. Place is set great with plenty of parking right on Taschereau. The decor looked great from outside and in. Loved their bigger bar, and the cute terrace. Inside the decor is a little less fancy then the downtown one, but they still went crazy with pinata and all. It was nice. The great part here was that the food tasted really better then the downtown location. i tried the shrimp entree and veggie nachos. It was great. The chips were nice hot and crispy, and they went generous on my cheese. Huge great thumbs up! As always my daquiri tasted sweet and big enough to last after the meal to have more chit chats over. Service was right on. Overall very happy and will definitely return.
1	I have been here at least 6 times. I thought it was great the first few times. My recommendation was always: get there by 5 pm & don't show up in a group, because group service is long, inefficient and full of mistakes. Otherwise both the food and service is great... Except that now i have tried take out ( slow....) and dinner with a toddler. Hmmm... Could the service be any slower?! Close to 10 minutes to be seated despite being at the front of the line when the restaurant is empty at 5! Then no kids menu was given to us, and no service for 15 minutes again! I made due with our options only to find out, yes there is a kids menu. We were left close to 10 minutes after that even though there are only 4 choices and the decision was quick. During this time I noticed our waitress running around like mad as the restaurant begins to fill up. Couples who came in after us are getting their food and we have yet to have our order taken. They appear understaffed. Finally, some service... Reasonable wait from the kitchen but then impossible to get the waitresses attention because the food is salty and I want the water I requested at the beginning of the meal. More waiting, less service - yes! Water.... And we don't see our waitress again for a long time. 45 minutes of waiting for our plates to be cleared, and 10 more minutes for a bill to be brought after we asked for it. Not impressed at all, and amazed my kid didn't blow her lid when I was tempted to. 2 hour dinner service on a week night? WTH??? Never mind that the food was good, the service was horrible, and it got me wondering: at what point is it acceptable to get up and walk out? Tempting... So very tempting!
1	Really, really, really bad food.Please don't go here with someone you like because you'll constantly be distracted by how bland and soggy your plate is. On a positive note, our $13 lichee sangria was pretty good. Thumbs up.Go to Carlos & Pepes instead.
