5	This was the first visit to the new premises which are quite nice.  Teri, the masseuse, is very knowledgeable and provides an excellent deep tissue massage.  Pricing is more than reasonable and Groupons are sometimes available.
4	I was finally able to book an appt after purchasing my groupon.  This is because they didn't have appt available when I wanted them or they just simply never answered their phone. But I will say it was well worth it.  I got Teri and right away I realized she was actually more of a physical therapist or something (in a very good way).  She is so knowledgeable, smart, and yeah at times she is doing physical therapy on you.  She is a very good massage therapist, the best I've had in Vegas.  The only reason I am giving four stars is because I did buy the groupon that included the aromatherapy but that was never provided to me. Also, Teri kinda talks throughout the whole session and I wish i would've had at least half the time to relax and just enjoy the massage instead of having to listen or talk.  However, the quality of the massage was superior and that is why I am going back to her again. In fact, I tried to book an appt earlier today but once again they didn't answer.  Maybe tomorrow they will.
5	This is the best massage I've ever had!! Upon entering, you might think you are in the wrong place because it is in a medical office building- rightfully so as all of the technicians and therapists seem to have some sort of medical background. The facility is neat and clean. Teri and Pedro did an excellent couples massage for my husband and I. This massage was definitely not your run-of-the-mill, massage school graduate massages. These people really know what they are doing. Afterward, they escorted us to another room for a couples facial- yes, they kept us together. No one else in town offers this! Glo (a perfect name for an esthetician) did a great job on facials and was very knowledgeable about our needs. They are VERY reasonably priced and worth every penny. This may become a monthly wellness appointment for both of us.
5	My friends and I found a Groupon ($55 for a 60 minute massage w/hot stones!) for Episage & decided to visit them for our massages while in Vegas, and I'm so happy we did!  Teri gave an AMAZING massage!!! She had me do a variety of easy and painless stretches that helped reset my muscles. She also massaged away all my kinks and helped loosen my trouble areas.  She's extremely friendly and LOVES what she does. She even showed me how I can incorporate the stretches at home to help "reprogram" my muscle memory. I would HIGHLY recommend Episage & Teri to anyone in Vegas looking for a good quality massage!
5	My friends and I were looking for a quick place to get some R&R and I am so glad we found episage! I would recommend Teri and my friend had a good experience with Carlos as well. The other yelpers we're right in the fact that the decor is not high class but it didn't affect my experience at all. Teri was very attentive to my needs and very easy to talk to. Definitely coming here again next time I'm in LV!
5	I was referred to this place by a friend. My therapist Terry was awesome, she has a  great approach to massage with a combination of massage and stretching which leaves you feeling so relaxed. I go to massage therapy every month for the last 5 years and have never experienced a session so relaxing and therapeutic. I wish I lived nearby so I can go more frequently,however future Vegas trips will include a visit here
5	I've been to this place about 3 times and every time I am there it is an amazing experience. I would highly recommend  this to others not  just this place but also a massage every now and then. I think it is the best thing you can do for your body. This place has got great deals as well.
5	Terry and Carlos were great!! They were professional they knew exactly what to do. My husband called in for a couples or back to back one hour deep tissue massage. their hands were very well trained. Our wait was minimum. One thing I loved was that they pointed out which bed was going to be taken care of by which therapist and left us to undress. It showed they were sensitive to customer preference of the gender of the therapist in clients. So my husband picked the male therapist while I the female. The massage was agony because I had amazing no of knots but it is what needs to be healed. Terry knew Sciatica and she knew medical massage techniques of stretches that loosen the vicious knot in my left shoulder blade that triggered the pain. The hot towels were great and the hot stone on the bad knot really soothed the pain and got the blood going. Ongoing visits are capped at $49 which is very reasonable for the quality of massage. We give it a 5 star!!!!
5	For over two years now I've been getting monthly therapeutic massages from Teri and I am very happy with the high level of service she consistently delivers.  She is excellent at listening to what ails your body and she goes about finding the underlying cause and 'fixing' it.  Sometimes you will feel better immediately on the table and sometimes it takes a couple of days for the body to naturally realign itself.  Without doubt, Terri is one of the best massage therapists in Las Vegas and I highly recommend her.
5	Great place to get a massage!
5	While visiting Las Vegas I needed a "real" massage - not a fluffy, over-priced spa massage on the strip. I found Episage through Google maps and Yelp. (WATCH OUT - their address is wrong on Google maps.) Joel gave me a great massage, paid special attention to my trouble areas and adjusted the pressure throughout the massage to meet my needs. I feel 10 times better - exactly what I needed and the price can't be beat. Thank you, Joel and Episage!
