2	On a recent visit, the owner tried selling me a new cartridge for a used turntable I had just acquired (from somewhere else). He was friendly and had a great deal of knowledge about my turntable, but rather than suggesting the quality of cartridge that I was really looking for, he simply chose one (perhaps the only one) he had in stock that was a fitting match for the tonearm. Nothing too wrong with that and the price was in my range, except that it was a DJ-oriented cartridge that (I later found out after researching it) had lower specs than what I was looking for. He couldn't/didn't tell me anything about the cartridge specs when I asked him...he just said that it would work for my turntable and didn't recommended anything else. I declined the offer...it was not the sort of experience I was hoping for from a store that purports to offer such high-quality audio components and service. (He also tried to get me interested in speakers that were way beyond my price range on my way out.) I compare this with the experience that I had buying a cartridge from an online store (based in the Minneapolis/St. Paul area) the next day. I was in contact via email & phone with a sales rep from that store who was very knowledgeable, friendly, and was able to offer me what I was really looking for. Too bad that didn't happen at Paragon.
1	I've had a few different experiences at paragon. Every instance involving the owner (steve) has been awful. However Russ one of the sales team has been helpful and pretty attentive. I would not give them my money again. It's a shame.
4	Very knowledgeable store, the place to buy used equipment, like turntables, amps and speakers.  Always a pleasure doing business there, always fun to shop and see what's new in stereo and multichannel sound.  The bonus is a museum within the store.  Products form our distant past along with the people to tell you what it is all about.  As addressed, some can find the owner to be a tad aggravating, especially when trying to convince him to sell them a certain instrument which is the main component of Indian classical music (hint hint). If said owner is reading this review, he should keep in mind that the person writing this review is still very interested in said instrument, and will comply in practicing flamenco guitar daily when possible along with paying a monetary fee of around $500 for said instrument, if such an offer is presented (hint hint).
1	Steve took one look at my Dual turntable from a distance and pronouced it unworthy of being fixed without even coming within 12 inches of it. But he was willing to part it out for me when I left; generous. I declined. He was also willing as a special favor NOT to charge me $36 for NOT looking at my turntable even though all it needed was a cartridge which are hard to find now.Then he starts flitting between patched up vintage turntables without making much of a strong point for any particular model but pointing out how lousy some of the shiny new models he sells are in comparison because of the motor mounting.So I left confused  without any effort expended toward finding a cartridge for the turntable I brought in.To seal the expereince, I sent an email several days ago requesting suggestions on a turntable purchase based on specific critera and it's been a black hole: no response.So I'm going elsewhere.
1	Don't waste your time and $! I dropped off a turntable that needed service, 2 weeks later I received a call from Paragon and was told that "the turntable is not salvageable". I had to pay $50 up front, I got scammed. They have really nice audio equipment for sale and the owner is very knowledgable. IMHO, charging $50 upfront without any attempt to provide an agreed upon service is unethical
1	I recently started listening to vinyl with a friend's persistence and have been enjoying it on a older cheaper pair of speakers. But my friend said that although I had a good turntable I should look into making a new amplifier and speaker purchase. He had some recommendations for equipment, but I preferred to purchase a setup that I could test out and purchase locally. I saw this store over the past couple months while in the area, and thought that it might be a good place to buy a new stereo setup for my recent turntable purchase. Unfortunately, every time I was in the area the store was closed.Today I happened to be in the area and I was excited when I found that the store was open! I figured today would be a good day to see what they had and possibly make a purchase. I went in and saw that there were two people working in the store, and they were helping two other customers. I patiently waited for 15 minutes while browsing through what they had in store and finally, Mary,  one of the employees (who actually might be the owner) asked what she could help me with today. I told her I was interested in a stereo setup, and mentioned what my friend recommended and a budget I could work with. After talking about a couple possible setups, it seemed like she started to get anxious. Finally she asked me out of nowhere - "Are you planning on testing out this equipment and buying it online?" I responded telling her that I was confused and did not understand why she thought that and asked why she was accusing me of this. She said "many people come here and test out equipment and buy it online". At this point I realized that she was disinterested in selling to me (not sure why) and  was extremely rude. I told that her I was leaving.I am very offended by the customer service here, and I'm not sure why she chose to speak to me in this way. I am fortunate that these days there is a way for us customers to have some recourse through services such as Yelp!! Stay away from this store if you wanted to be treated respectfully.
