3	Yum. Very healthy and fresh. The potstickers were delicious. My only complaint is that they are always out of white meat (chicken). Not sure what that is about. LOLWanted to update the review...I tried the boba here and it was terrible. Way undercooked. The service isn't too great either.
1	This place closes at 9:30 and I went in at 9:00p.Came here to grab dinner to go. ALWAYS CHECK YOUR FOOD FOR TAKE OUT! Got two chicken bowls to go. Got our stuff but it was COLD. We asked them if they could do something about it. They cooked us some new chicken and we left. Get home and one of the bowls had raw chicken! Pieces of the chicken are raw and sitting on top of the veggies and rice. That's totally unacceptable. I've never had this happen. Now they're closed. I'm out the cost of two bowls. What am I to do? Wait until morning to talk to someone? I get it. Places close. But who ever cut the chicken surely noticed.They need to fix this! They need to have some quality control. Use a thermometer for the meat.It's just a lose lose situation.I ended up stir frying the veggies and chicken at home in a pan and nuking the rice.I understand it was a 30 minutes until closing. They should have just told us they were unable to make any new chicken correctly for the night and sent us elsewhere. I hope they get inspected.I don't post bad reviews for the most part but I am doing so in hopes that no one gets sick.I will not return but please be careful if you choose to.
3	Second go round, we used the drive up window. Order was short 1 yaki soba bowl...I called and a girl said she would tell someone I would be getting it tomorrow...um we shall see how that goes...Hubby got sweet and sour shrimp, which he had last time as well, but he said he didn't like the sauce this time. Also had the chicken daily special, he liked that.Friend had oriental chicken salad, it was ok. She also had chicken daily special.I did not have anything, my order was not in the bag....lolThe first trip we tried the Mongolian chicken, never again....seriouslyCrab puffs were really good!Steak and broccoli which was okSo I still want to try the yaki soba..lol
3	Teriyaki Boy Healthy Grill has a good variety of chicken, steak, and seafood bowls that definitely satisfy your hunger. Unlike most Asian fast food places, they offer good generous servings of rice or yakisoba, which I appreciate. I also love the flavor of their Green Tea smoothies with boba in it! Delish. Another thing, one time I had their steak yakisoba and the steak was super tender, it was awesome. I've also had their shrimp teriyaki bowl, which was good as well. Their food definitely tastes great.The reason I only give them three stars is because for a fast good spot, this place takes such a long time to complete orders. We ended up turning off our car while in the drive-thru one time.
5	I was a little apprehensive cause it was healthy terriyaki and even though most teriyaki is usually made with rice but because I'm on a low carb diet and can't have any rice. It was made with all vegetables and it was rather large and really good.
2	I love teriyaki boy, i'm all for healthy food, good portions sizes, greens and bobba teas. But for some reason the meat and chicken sometimes taste undercooked :/ and I was so excited about them opening a location next to us.
1	I've been to this restaurant several times and last night was awful. First off the workers do not speak English. They messed up my order and then made me feel guilty because they had already started what I didn't order. I agreed to take it and it cost me more $$ than what I originally wanted. The won tons were super greasy and undercooked. When I called to complain and asked for a manager they told me no manager was there and hung up on me. I tried calling back and the phone was off the hook. Worst customer service ever. Save yourself the frustration, don't eat there.
5	I discovered this place on my way to my Dad's house. They had me at healthy and teriyaki! What a menu! They have rice, soba noodles and all kinds of meats and fish to pick from. I ordered the chicken and steak soba bowl. I also ordered their edanama and an egg roll. The soba bowl came filled with chicken and steak. It also had loads of veggies which made me extra happy. I love their teriyaki sauce cause it isn't as sweet as traditional sauces. The egg roll was tasty and grilled instead of fried. I also liked the bowl of steamed edanama. They really do live up to their name. They have healthy food that tastes amazing and for affordable prices. I wish they had one in my neck of the woods.
4	It is good it is not bad but the second time they put a lot of teriyaki sauce. And to me when i was done i felt to mush salt. So you should but a little less teriyaki sause. Love the food but to mush sauce.
1	I come here often and most of the time they mess up my order. Workers don't speak English and food is often under cooked or raw. Several times I've ordered a large bowl and they charge me for large but give me a small bowl. Overall a very bad experience.
1	I ordered the Sweet and Sour Chicken bowl and the rice was under cooked and had no taste at all as well as the chicken.  Eating healthy doesn't mean it has to be tasteless. I won't be returning.
1	They have horrible boba my boba had no flavor whatsoever. I should have read the reviews first before coming. I don't know how the food taste but I can assume from the reviews it isn't anything I would want.
1	Ehhh, I was not impressed. The price for my bowl of noodles was almost ten dollars. The lady at the drive thru was a rude ass who obviously does not enjoy her job. The taste was ok but I did not get my moneys worth at all! Never going back!
1	They always mess up on your order. The white rice is sometimes hard and undercooked. Their meat has a lot of fat and is never cooked properly. The bobas are nasty. They have no flavor and a ton of sugar. When they first opened, their food was ok. Now it's horrible, it just seems as if they no longer care what they are serving.
3	Since I started eating at this place, I became addicted to their chicken teriyaki. Expect the unepected when its your first time eating in this place. Although, there's the Jay Cutler Steak that I don't like. I cannot say the taste is bad, its just not good for me.
