2	Lets put it this way this place would not survive if it wasn't for their sister club in LA.  Went to the Nikka Costa show last night, heres the the good and bad.  Bad the manager and bouncers.  The bouncers are your typical smug Scottsdale bouncers, the manager on the otherhand had no idea what he was doing.  One of the worst managed places I have been to in a long time.  For instance the show was to begin at 8 (its show it could start at 9 or 10) except they didnt even open the doors until 8:45.  Which is insane considering there was multiple people standing outside who then went and drank elsewhere.  Also the club was letting a large amount of people in who didnt pay the $15 to get in, I would imagine because sadly there was not a big turnout for Nikka and the people that were being let in stayed for a 1/2 hour so to dancce between acts and left. For those that paid it was a bit annoying, but whatever.  The good on the otherhand very intimate place to see a show, drinks were pretty cheap and bartenders were great.  Also its funny when the bartenders are apologizing for the manager.   When it comes down to it the real issue is this place has no idea what it wants to be.  If it wants be rock club it should embrace it and make it happen, God knows we need more of that in PHX/Scottsdale.  But if it wants to be a dance club it should be that.  Major Identity crisis.  I would be hard pressed to go there for another show, unless it is somebody I really really want to see.
4	Great music and a chill plac. It is still new and so if you want to skip the lines and actually spend your time in a great establishment, I would highly recommend this place!
5	My favorite place to go in Scottsdale!  They are laid back and friendly.  The bar tenders and even the owner introduce themselves by name when you talk with them!  The music is very different every night so check the website or call first if there's something specific you're looking for.I just like that I can go to a place in Scottsdale and not have to worry about dress code, I can dance on their nice dance floor which is almost never overcrowded (totally awesome because I really like to move!), the drink prices are about the same as anywhere but every so often the owner or one of the tenders has come up and bought me a round!  Or if I tip well they'll sometimes give me a free shot.  So they are totally friendly and nice there.  Good mix of live music and DJ depending on the night.  Over all I am very happy with this place  =)
4	It use to be Dirty Pretty and I'm so glad they left and are now the awesome Roxy Lounge! Love this place! Love when they have bands! Love the vibe and the different music that's there. The area seems bigger now that they've opened up the area. They have a great open area for a dance floor and things seem more accessible. The prices are about on par with the rest of Old Town. This place will be a place I come back to :)
4	As a spin off from California's own "Roxy", this bar does not disappoint with live bands and great bartenders (I recently found out that I have a thing for tattooed ladies apparently).  Drinks seemed to be a bit pricy, but with it came a friendly waitstaff and a healthy pour, so my complaint can't be too strong.  There was no wait, or cover at 11:00 on a Saturday night, so I expected it to be quite packed, but it seemed to be a little empty on the inside.  Maybe it's a late night scene, who knows?
5	First off this place is the ish! They have one of the best female bartenders in ALL of Scottsdale hands down. Her name is Katie and she is hands down one of the best. Her personality keeps you coming back for more and more. I love the music and the live bands. They are always changing things up and keeping it exiting and wanting more. The staff is very friendly and Jason the GM was very nice and got my group of friends in VIP, I felt like a ballar lol. The place is not huge which i like personally and love of friendly and good looking people.
3	I have a love/hate relationship with The Roxy. I love when they have a live rock band on the elevated stage and I hate when they use a DJ. This was supposed to be in the spirit of the Roxy in LA...
5	So a couple girlfriends of mine took me here last night (I know, why were we partying on a Tuesday?) and I fell in love with this place! Shots are not in shot glasses; they're in 8oz glasses... so, get ready to be more inebriated than you had planned ;)There were two female bartenders - both were so full of energy and adorable. Katie was our bartender and hands down, best one ever. It was a Tuesday night, but regardless, the place got packed. I have to check it out on a weekend!
1	The first time I attended this bar I requested that my tab be opened and my sisters card closed. They did the opposite, however they fixed the issue and released the charge on my card. I then went back for another round of drinks, "put it on my tab," and another a bit later. I ordered from a girl that had just began her shift, she stated that she "didn't have a tab open for me." After about 2 or 3 times telling this woman that they had my card, they stated I would have to wait for the lights to come on before they would look thouroughly for it, I had to work the next day and had no intention of staying until close. This put me in a horrible mood, for about an hour I was sulking, finally the bartender informed me that he had found my card and he located it in the garbage can behind the bar after diggin through it. He comped my drinks I had ordered. *kudosThe next time I attended this venue I obtained a reciept for 15.00$ however I noticed while I was there that my bank account was charged 18.00$. I took this up with the bartender and he said he didn't know why it would show that and I would be charged 15.00$. I gave a $3 dollar tip in hopes I would be charged 15.00 + the 3.00$ tip. Another night I attended I paid cash all night until my last drink, I got charged instead of 3.00$, 3.60$ AND WAS TOLD BECAUSE I USED MY CREDIT CARD I WAS CHARGED A TAX -__________-OOPS caps lock :PLast night I went and had purchased a groupon sort of coupon for $50.00, in which NOBODY was aware of until they verified with their boss (mind you I had mentioned the coupon last week as well). At 47.00 the bartender told me, I ordered 1 beer and was told by the same bartender I would be charged 1.00$. I would then leave a hefty tip. I got my bill and I was charge 8.60$. The bartender that gave me my receipt had disappeared and I was told he wouldnt be back for 10 minutes. I left a tip of 8.00$ but was very unhappy the rest of the night. i was compensated in shots for my time.... I asked him later why I wasn't charged only the $1.00 and he stated that he had put 1 bud light (mine) and a corona (a friends) on it. 4+1 does not equal 8.60$.... and why would he tell me I would only be charged 1.00$?This place is a rip off whether it's the bad service (throwing away my debit card) or them trying to rip people off that have or haven't been drinking. I wish one of my favorite weeklies was not thrown here :(
4	The powers that may be ditched the bar staff that was charging patrons incorrectly. I haven't had any trouble since they have been gone and frequent this place again.
3	The Roxy has a cool vibe.  The couches are a nice touch.  I've seen several shows here and enjoyed them.  As nice of a place as it is I would expect the sound to be a little better.  The mix of the band on stage is not always clear.  Also the drinks are really expensive here so you may want to have cocktails somewhere else before the show.
5	The staff here is unbelievably friendly and awesome. Katie introduced herself and took great care of us. She recommended drinks, and encourages me to come back (which I did) and them remembered me. How amazing is that and in a packed club!They offer really diverse music. Friday was techno, Saturday was rap/hip-hop, and tonight is Metal. I can see myself as a regular if the club wasn't so far from me. A club, it is. But it's also a hometown bar. And a trendy lounge. How is all?  I can't explain it. It just is. Great place!!!!
2	Was here on a Friday night and it was dead. Looking at the other reviews I think I might have to go back on a Tuesday night or Saturday night haha. It sounds like people have a lot of good experiences here and I just got bad luck. They had great drinks, the music was alright, but it was so incredibly dead, I couldn't believe it, on a Friday night? But you can't really blame a place that looks good, has a great bar and staff for being dead. So I'll give it another chance and go back another time.OH and their Kamikaze's are AMAZING. Get one! I will definitely be back to at least drink more. The $5 shot deal is incredible.
5	This place offers a little bit of everything including a furry wall.  The music and patrons are just as diverse as the interior.  From metal to house music, this place does not disappoint.
4	I have only been here once but had such a fun time! It's a rather spacious venue offering live music. Plus room to dance? Love it.Went with a girlfriend who knows a large group of bartenders, promoters, etc, so didn't pay for a drop that night.Bad part of the night? Losing my iPhone and the staff (one person) seemed a little bothered that I asked them to check as they were closing. I did a follow up call and email the following day to see if my vital appendage had been turned in. Mgt was very speedy and polite.
3	Ok club, it's small but cheap drinks. The females are subpar but then again I'm from Los Angeles,Ca  where the women are generally above avg, so I'm biased.  The waitress is a blonde with big boobies tho, I love her
