5	Tami did my pedicure today. She took great care of me. The pedicure was very relaxing. I got a french tip and my toes look wonderful. They charged only $23 for the basic pedi, with french tips it was $27. I'm a fan! :D Oh, and I sat down right away, even though I was a walk-in. No appt necessary.
5	I started going here because it was close to my house. However, after venturing to other nail salons outside of my neighborhood I have decided that Dream Nails is my favorite.The salon is very clean. Each tub is sanitized between pedicures and all of the equipped is sanitized in a special machine. They don't use the razor (credo blade) during pedicures, but you can ask for callous remober for $3. I think this works better than that icky/scary razor, which always makes my heels seem worse.Everyone who works here is friendly and talented. Kay and Tammy are especially awesome. But everyone pays close attention to detail and thry are artists as much as they are nail technicians. Their prices are some of the best around. For example, a pedicure (complete with flip flops) is $22. A full set is also $22, and a fill is $15.
2	The first time I went here was for a pedicure and it was excellent! The tubs were clean and sanitized, as were the tools used for the pedicure. They use a type of chemical for your heels to slough off dead skin instead of a razor (this remover cost $3, but is well worth it). Then they do a nice calf and foot massage at the end. I also noticed that they did gel nails, so I decided I would come back for those the next week.And so I did...I walked in and asked for pink and white gels. They were oh so happy to oblige. I sat down and the girl immediately got to work. She started the sanding down of the nail and applied the white tips...and this is when it started to go down hill. The girl was distracted and said she had to do something in the back, but would be back in a moment. So I said okay...no biggie. I can wait a minute. The guy sitting next to her said he would finish for her (which is a good thing, because she didn't come back for about 20 minutes). So I moved over and he started his work. Everything was going as normal...until he started to apply the "gel." The "gel" came in powder form. Hmmm...gel...in powder form? How does that even make sense? OH, yeah...that would be because it isn't gel. It's acrylic and they use a gel topcoat/nail polish on top. Yet, they charge you more. It's a total scam. Regardless, I was leaving town the next day and just let them do their thing. After I paid and left I really started looking at my nails...and they were CROOKED! Not only was the filing off (completely lopsided on a few nails - luckily that can be remedied with a nail file), but so were a couple of the tips! When she put them on, she didn't even check to make sure they were straight! To make matters worse, these nails yellowed! That can happen when a cheap acrylic is used and is exposed to any type of UV light, aka tanning beds...or if you spend an excessive amount of time outside. I thought maybe it was just the surface that yellowed, but when I got them taken off today (in favor of REAL gel nails at another salon) I noticed they were yellowed all the way through! IF it's yellow all the way through, it's most likely that you have cheap or even toxic MMA Acrylic on your nails!! Needless to say, while their pedicures are nice...I will not be frequenting this place again...ESPECIALLY for nails.
4	Karen and the others are great! They are clean and not expensive. Pedicures in a massage chair starting at $20 you can't beat it. Manicure and pedicure deals too. I am picky when is comes to nail salons. They do really pretty designs on your nails too for $5 extra.
4	Excellent treatment! I had a pedi...I run a lot so many calluses but they knew to leave a bit for running. Great on cuticles. Recommend for anyone visiting N Las Vegas! Wish they were located by me in KC!!
4	I live in AZ and My friend lives around that area and we went to this other nail spot that she had been to (which I didnt care for all that much) So when I had gone again to visit her last month I stopped in to get a gel/shellac mani and pedi with my son. The staff was very helpful with him and tollerable of him (he's 4 and ALL boy). The mani last for almost 3 weeks, it was the best shellac polish mani I've gotten yet! I loved this place!! I went back again 2 weeks ago, again with my son but also with another girlfriend I had met on base. She loves this place now too!! So needless to say us 3 woman will be there again and again!
2	I got white tip acrylics and paid $27 for them. They were thick and I asked for very thin acrylic. They were also very badly filed and they look terrible. They have been on for a week and all of the edges are lifting. Overall, very bad quality not to mention some of the nails are turning yellow which I have never seen before.
2	Came here on a referral from a friend. It is close to my home. I've had really bad luck finding a meticulous manicurist here in Vegas. I gave it 2 stars only because of the overwhelming acrylic smell that hits you at the door. I received a mani pedi and it was ok.  The pedicure lasted a full hour and super relaxing.  Nail tech was very nice..
1	After moving to the north side of town, I had to find a new nail salon. This one was not only the closest one, but had decent reviews. I had to hesitation heading over. I needed a gel mani, but was looking forward to getting a pedi if time permitted (it did not). I spent an hour and a half at the salon, and my nails have never looked worse after a visit to a salon. When I walked in, I was immediately greeted and asked to pick out a gel nail color from their wall. There was a decent selection of colors in a few different brands, I was happy with them. Agreeing with another reviewer, the smell coming in was a little overwhelming, but I'm generally used to the smell of a busy nail salon. I told the gentleman doing my nails that I'd like the white french manicure in the gel polish and he immediately went to work removing the old gel from my fingernails. I was very happy with how he cleaned my nail beds, he was very precise in pushing and trimming my cuticles, I was surprised that he didn't ask if I liked my nails squared off (I do) but I was okay that they were a little rounded off. I told him I liked my white tips somewhat thick, and it wasn't until after he started polishing on the white tips that my experience went downhill. He layered on the white very thinly, I told him a total of 4 times that I like my white thicker. I told another manicurist, and she was able to tell him (apparently he didn't speak English). It took a final 10 minutes to dry my top coat (it only takes 2-3 at my old salon). In the end, my manicure came out lopsided, there were bubbles at the surface, and a small black speck in the gel on one of my nails. Upon checking out, the manager asked how things were and I told him that they weren't great, very sloppy. He told me to come back in a few days to re-do them. When I told him that I wasn't planning on coming back, he told me they could squeeze me in right then. Who has 3 hours to get a manicure?!PROS:Nice front desk staff.Decent prices ($25 for a gel mani, $5 extra for french tips).Meticulous cuticle trimming.CONS:Acetone smell more prominent than most other salons.Takes longer than other salons (1.5 hours for a gel mani).Uneven french tips, bubbles in my top coat, SLOPPY.Some manicurists don't speak English and will ignore your requests.Wasn't ever asked what I prefer (round v square, thickness of french tip, etc.)Was never offered water (something I like about other salons.Definitely will not be back, and wouldn't recommend to friends or family. :(
5	Ive never been here and looked at yelp for reviews. Decided to try it out and I'm very glad I did. They are pretty busy for a Friday afternoon but it was well worth it. Say right down for my pedicure. The technician took her time and was very nice. The pedicure felt relaxing and not rushed which annoys me the most. Will come back for sure!!
5	I had a bad experience with a different nail shop after we moved here.  I was honest with How, and he worked very hard to make sure I was happy with his work.  He was fast and the prices for acrylic fills are awesome!!  They have a new very happy customer :)
5	Needed a new nail salon tried this on and I love it friendly staff and great work. Kevin did my pedi and I got my eyebrows done and thwy look great
1	I made an account just to say DO NOT GO HERE. I've been here a few years back and all my nails were lifting within days, I read reviews last week and thought they were better but I've never been so wrong. I simply told them not to file my nail bed too much because I had a bad experience with my last salon but at least even with butchered nails I still spent my $25 well. I decided to get french tips and it's been 4 days, they look weeks old and are lifting horribly. I went back two days ago and complained and he said it was because I said not to file too much and that they warned me it'd lift, I was never warned. He simply added glue and said "come back in a week" and I continuously told him I'm low on money right now so I wouldn't be able to and he insisted I ask my mother for money even after I explained that I don't even live with my mother. I enjoyed the pedicure I got here but they clipped the corner of my toenails which can cause ingrowns and is actually happening so IM fixing them myself. They did not cut my cuticles, did not prep my nails, and I said I wanted my nails squoval and they simply squared them off. I paid $45 to look horrible.
1	I decided to try this place out. It was close and prices looked low. I didn't make an appointment so I expected to have to wait a little bit. There was no air conditioning or very low air in the waiting area it was also very cramped. I just wanted gel nail polish over my natural nails, I picked a bright color and a glitter to go over it and handed them to the tech when he was ready. He opened both polish bottles to check the color and said okay and started. The tech was friendly but must have been very distracted. He would apply a coat and motion me to put my hands in the uv cure machine and forget to put the light on. I had to let him know twice there was no light. He applied two coats of the bright color and  started putting on a clear coat, I'm not a nail salon regular so I assumed this was part of the process of gel but once I realized he had my hands in the uv light for much longer than the other coats I asked if he had forgot my glitter coat. He quickly grabbed it and tried to put in on my nails and it looked like globs of snot lol I guess you can't put any more gel on after the top coat. He apologized over and over that he had forgot. I was pretty bummed because I love the look of the particular glitter I picked out. He ended up putting regular glitter nail polish over my gel polish. I do not like the outcome look  Basically you get what you pay for here and it's not much. Wish I would've gone somewhere else  :/
4	Walked in no appt. Vu gave me a fill, and I know my nails were raggedy! He fixed them very nicely. He gave attention to detail. I like that. Everyone here seems friendly. As I'm sitting here, waiting for my nails to dry, I was given a hot cup of organic green tea! I will definitely be back again.
1	HEALTH HAZARD!! I have gone here a couple of times since it's nearby. After the last experience I will NEVER go back. My husband and I went and got pedicures together. All of the salon's tools and equipment were pre-used and left sitting around in damp caddies on the floor. Nothing was fresh from the package or sterilized at all. Furthermore, the techs were all swapping tools with each other, not just between me and my husband, but with the complete stranger sitting next to me! The man who did my feet trimmed my cuticles much too aggressively, and now I have painful infections next to three different nails. My pedicure is covered with bandaids and neosporin. My legs from the knees down are also covered in an ugly, bright red, acne-like breakout from being abraded and washed in their water. I thought that the breakout was because I shaved my legs the day before the pedicure, so I showed the rash to my husband. Well, he doesn't shave his legs... and his calves are breaking out worse than mine! It looks like a staph infection. DO NOT go to this salon if you care at all about your health, your appearance, or even basic hygiene!
4	One of the best nail salons I've been to. Reasonable prices when it comes to getting both a manicure and a pedicure. My nails always look great when they're done, and great customer service/atmosphere. This is my preferred place to be. Even with no appointment, I always get seated within 5-10 minutes.
3	Came here because I have friends that go here. They were busy but helped me quickly. The nail tech did a good job. Just went in for a manicure. My hands got a nice rub down and nails came out just the way I wanted. He didn't speak much and left me at the drying station for a while. Since it was my first time here I wasn't sure if I was supposed to just wait for him to come back or go back to him when I was finished. The clear left some air bubbles but not super noticeable. Prices are decent, place is clean. Messed up my nail opening the door to my car, I didn't go back in to get it fixed because I had to be somewhere else. Overall a good nail place. I would go back.
5	Best nail salon in Las Vegas!! I go every 2 weeks. Every tech is good, whether your getting your nails or toes done. The manager is great she does great eye brow waxing.
4	They redeemed them selves with the pedicure. I'm thinking the nail tech that did my gel manicure was just faulty :/ Their pedicures are good and the polish lasted a long time.
4	I have gone to this salon for a few years now for waxing, manicures, and pedicures. Other than 1 time having the water for my pedicure be way way way too hot (which the man apologized and re-filled the water with a warmer temp water); I have never had any issues with their service. They have always removed tools from the autoclave and sanitation bags in front of me, washed their hands, etc. The shop is clean and the prices are reasonable.
3	If you are looking for a mani/pedi or a gel mani on the cheap side, you can come here.The salon itself is OK. Lots of jetted tubs and massage chairs for pedis. Cushy chairs for you while you get your nails done. Other than that, the place is not much to look at. I came here because it is close to my home, on the North side of town. Since moving I've been dating around nail shops trying to find my new one. I still long for my salon in the Southwest, but I cannot justify the miles and miles trip there and back just to get my mani/pedi fix.They charged me $25 for a take-off of my gels, and a new one-color gel on my nails. First, the tech did take a lot of time to soak, dremel, and scrape my current gels off. And he did pay good attention to my cuticles and nail beds. Then the tech did 3 coats and a last coat of clear. Typically I like my gels way thicker than that, but for $25 I am assuming this is what you get. The tech also did not buff my nails afterwards, or tend to my cuticles after putting on the polish. Typically, at other salons, they have done this so there are no nasty little bits left after all is said and done - I did have a few cuticle-trimmings I had to pull out of my nails when I left.I am saying "OK" to this salon, and if you're in a tight spot it's aaalll right. But, there are definitely other salons in Vegas where you can be a bit more pampered, and get a thicker gel for probably $10 - $15 more.Also - they charge .50 cents for debit card transactions. My nails are aaalll right, but I'll be looking for another salon. Looks like I am just going to have to suck it up and drive a bit further for better quality.
