3	Reviewing Chinese places like this is almost like reviewing a chain. It's nearly impossible for one to stand out. i suppose they should receive high marks because the person that answered the phone spoke English without me having to guess if she understood. However, i did request my General Tso spicier, and although she did repeat that it was spicy when i picked it up, it wasn't. Broccoli and rice were good, chicken was good aside from not being extra spicy as desired. Ready quick, decent taste, standard prices.
4	Best egg rolls ever!!! Food is cheap and portions are huge. My only complaint is the restaurant itself. They need some major renovations.
4	We love Jin Jin.. the lady at the front who answers the phone is always very nice... a little hard to understand sometimes but still very sweet. we love the Egg rolls, the crab and cream cheese Rangoons, and General Tao's Chicken! The ONLY bad thing I will say is... You cant get Swt. tea without lemon floating in it... the make and package the tea in Soup containers and all of them have lemon in them and I hate lemon!! Overall a really yummy place... but I do agree they do need some updating and renovations.
4	sesame chicken is good! general tso chicken is good. chinese doughnuts are good... the only gripe is that they dont deliver... and its not like there isnt demand..
4	I have no relationship with this place but I know the owner is Chinese and I speak Chinese.  I will relate all the good comments to them when I stop there again.  One of my sisters also has a similar business in New Jersey and has lots of business from local due to their good personality and my brother-in-laws is a good chef.  My sister was a high school teacher before moving to this country and she speaks 4 languages. Many years ago, Chinese move to US didn't have high education, most of us can cook well and we love to eat well.  Restaurant is a good business to handle.  I've been to Jin Jin to buy fast food a few times because it was too late for me to cook.  The lady was very sweet.  I only ordered Chicken and Broccoli, the portion was good.  I'm sure they will be very happy to see all your supports.
4	We ordered take out from this place preparing for the big "snow day". Lol. I have to say this is the best Chinese take out I've had. Great prices, great portions and best of all- No MSG! Plus, when you spend $25 or more you get FREE crab rangoons!
5	Jin Jin restaurant highly recommend, not that big, but the food are really good. We ordered orange chicken,Sichuan beef and seafood delight,which are all really good! Right choice to come!:)
