3	I must preface my review with the caveat that I have relunctantly adjusted my standards for Chinese food since moving to the Valley...Hong Kong Asian Cuisine is definitely better than some of the other Chinese restaurants in the area and we'll probably order from them again, but it didn't live up to my secret hope that we would finally find a great (or even very good) Chinese restaurant nearby when I learned that they had just opened.We had the hot and sour soup, Szechuan Chicken, and Sesame Tofu.  The hot and sour soup was okay, but a bit bland.  Both the Szechuan Chicken and the Sesame Tofu came with many more vegetables than I expected (broccoli, onions, carrots, zucchini) and they were very fresh.  The Szechuan Chicken was supposed to be spicy and it did have somewhat of a kick.  The Sesame Tofu came too sweet for my taste and definitely called for some heat (fortunately, I always have my sriracha handy).  The portions and prices were average.So, nothing to write home about, but we'll probably give Hong Kong Asian Cuisine another go.
5	I joined Yelp just to write a review for this restaurant. This place is fantastic! The girlfriend and I usually frequent Thai House or Pei Wei for asian but thought we would give this place a try since they just opened. It was dead when we went in but employees were very friendly, restaurant is very clean with big screens around the room. The food is just outstanding, I got the Jalapeno Chicken and it did not let me down. The chicken was all white meat and the jalapeno's were very very fresh def not out of a jar. All the sauces are obviously homemade and extremely delicious. This will be my destination of choice when in the mood for Asian and they also deliver which is also a plus. There is a new Asian place across the street that should not be confused with this one because that one is absolutely awful and should be avoided.
3	Just opened, food was fresh, and the employees are new but very helpful and courteous. You get a good amount of food for your money.
2	No, I was not happy with my order. It's  a new place so I thought I'd try it. Ordered a take-out of house eggfooyong, garlic tofu and spring rolls. Everything was oily and greasy especially the spring rolls - they tasted like they fried in slow heat and so the oil soaked through, I could actually taste the oil. The eggfooyong was packed with big slices of meat and was dry but the sauce was also greasy and very thick like globs of starch. The garlic tofu was so-so, I've had better, also greasy with only few pieces of tofu.
5	Excellent for what it is: a neighborhood Chinese restaurant with dine-in capability and serious take-out mojo.As I said in my other recent review of a Chinese restaurant, how a shop handles shrimp lo mein is a big part of how I view it.  HKAC does a very good SLM.  We also had pork fried rice and cashew chicken.  All were very good.  Excellent, in fact.Before we settled on HKAC, we considered Flo's and George and Sons, but HKAC was the most reasonably priced.We'll definitely be returning.
2	I thought the food was OK at best. Nothing special about it. It did not seem that fresh and I the fried rice was probably the worst I have ever had.
5	I ordered take out at this restaurant through OrderUp.com and it was an excellent experience.  The food was fresh, hot and delicious and the OrderUp experience was super easy.
2	Place looks great & clean. Nice interior. Ordered lettuce wraps as an appetizer, orange chicken and house lo mein. The wraps were pretty tasty but the food was very bland in general, portions can be a little larger for asian food. The orange chicken was OK, should've been a little crispier on the batter. The lo mein noodles were good however the beef was chewy and a little bland. Shrimp was tasteless. Staff was nice and friendly 5/5. Restaurant interior 4/5. Food 2/5. We might try it again in a few weeks, just to give it another shot.
1	Let me start this off by saying the food was good. My lower rating is for the service we received. I got their flyer in my door last week and stared craving Chinese food, so my boyfriend said I could go ahead and order delivery when I wanted for lunch one day. I called, and wanted to place my order, but the woman I talked to mentioned I look up the ad they have to pay $15 and get $30 worth of credit. So I did,  totally enthused and thankful that she wanted to save me money. I called back to place my order once I purchased to coupon. She then tells me it is for dine in only. I asked her since she told me it was available for take out that she honor that, and she got very upity with me and denied ever mentioning it. Fast forward three days, I finally had an evening to go in with my boyfriend when he go off of work. We should up at 730PM, and the closed at 900PM. We figured it was not so close to closing time to be an inconvenience, but holy cow, was I wrong. The gentleman who sat us, who also was the delivery driver, was great! He was friendly asked about or day, recommended the orange chicken, and was just all around nice. He seated us in the front area across from the counter. That's where it all went wrong. The lady, and I use that term loosely here, hung up the phone when she was done with an order, and immediately raised her voice to the delivery driver. She was angry, I mean really angry that he had not gotten our drinks. Now mind you, we had been seated less than 60 seconds. She stomped over, smiled at us, apologized for her "dumb" driver, and took or drink order. After we received our drinks she went back to the counter and continued to berate this poor man about how stupid he was and asking him how hard would it have been to get our drinks etc. He took it like a champ and just seemed to take it in stride. Obviously he has dealt with her before. She told him to not take any more to go orders because they were closing soon. It wasn't even 8PM. She came over, took our order for us with a smile that wouldn't melt butter. We ordered the PuPu Platter, Cashew Chicken, Orange Chicken, and Pork LoMein. She seemed angry by the time we were done ordering, and stomped away. When she finished adding our order in, she went up to the driver and said he might as well keep taking orders because obviously they weren't getting done at 9PM. At this point I was getting really annoyed with her attitude. Then or food came. The food was great! All of it was well cooked, seasoned and had just the right amount of kick. I have nothing bad to say about the food at all. Except maybe less huge chunks of onion. But that is just personal taste. ;)When our server dropped off our check, I showed her the coupon and she flat out said no she wouldn't take it. I showed her it would indeed apply and she finally relented by walking away and calling me a bitch under her breath. She apparently must have thought I couldn't hear her when she was only two steps away. Her remarks did not end there though. While she was at the register she kept mumbling and talking about us. We were literally less than 10 feet away from her. I could hear her every word. The absolute final straw was her calling me a worthless, fat C*^%. If she'd not had possession of my boyfriend's debit card to pay I would have walked out on the spot. My boyfriend was appalled at her behavior as well, but even when we have terrible service we still tip. I mean the food was good, and we had no problems there. if I could have, and if I had cash, I would have; I would have tipped the driver. Our bill was 45 in total, so we paid 15 then to cover the rest, and left her $5. I will be willing to order take out from this place, but never go in again if she is my server. No thank you.
3	I tried the chow fun for lunch today and it was as average as it gets. Lots of noodles, some veggies and some mildly tender beef. Not to flavorful, no spice, just average. Now don't get me wrong, there is nothing wrong with average and I will be back but I was not wow'ed by any means.
4	I have ordered take out a couple times and delivery twice, as well. I am a fan of Wan Ton soup and I have to say it was simply okay. Nothing exciting and not sure if I would order that again. I have tried the MuShu and seafood delight and have been happy with it. Is it the absolute most magnificent Asian food experience in the valley, no. But, I would certainly call them again. I think they have a fan over here. The web page, the first time around, was insufficient and I had to call my order in. However, when I went today, the web page functioned well, and was user friendly. Regrettably, there is no discount code on their flyer to enter on web page orders. I am pleased to find a bettter-than-decent Asian restaurant that delivers.
5	I can only speak for the delivery - but the food is really fresh. I ordered the general's chicken and fried cream cheese wontons. A lot of Chinese restaurant food tastes like they use old grease. Not this place! Very fresh ingredients and the crab Rangoon was so light and yummy!
5	Outstanding! The best Chinese food I've had since leaving NY! Good-sized servings, clean, good service & reasonable prices. We've taken many friends here & they've all loved it!
4	First Asian Restaurant that I found that makes a egg foo young that they can be proud of. A very nice surprise, I wish I lived close enough for delivery.
5	I love this place!! My boyfriend and I have ordered from them 3 times, each time getting something different, and we've liked everything we've gotten! The Sesame Chicken is kinda my favorite but I really like the Cashew Chicken too! Their Lo Mein is super yummy. I always get that as a side since the entree already comes with rice. Oh, and the chicken egg rolls are delicious too! Crispy on the outside but never over cooked inside. We get delivery and every time they say 45-60mins but it's always gotten to us within 30mins! It's so fast! I can't speak highly enough of this place. The only thing I'm sad about is the entrees don't come in typical Chinese take out boxes you see in TV shows. The rice does! But the entrees come in more modern plastic snap on lid box things. Oh well haha.
2	Bought 2 soups and 2 mains here last week. Our mains didn't have enough sauce on them and our sizzling rice soup was missing the sizzling rice (seriously, how the eff do you forget the sizzling rice for sizzling rice soup??). I called the restaurant and they said they would make a new soup for me next time I came. Fast fwd to a couple days later, I grabbed a chow fun main and ordered my replacement soup. They did remember the sizzling rice this time-2 small post-it sized squares of it....it was like they gave the least amount possible just to claim they did give rice. The soups both times had a heavy amount of soy sauce and again, the mains didn't have enough sauce. (are you guys rationing the amount of sauce used or what??)I think we're better off throwing a rock and going to whatever Chinese place it hits.
5	One of the best in AZ!!don't know what some of the reviews here are talking about?!I left a tip also but here it is again!!One of the best Scottsdale has to offer!!! if not in the top 3 in all of AZ!One of the best orange chicken!One of the best lo mein noodles!!One of the best chicken curry!!Teriyaki chicken!! So flavorful!!Right amount of spices and flavor!!Don't miss out!! Treat yourself to this Asian spot.It's a nice, clean and friendly staff authenticHong Kong food and chef and Lunch specials!! The prices and portions are really good for buck$$$There's plenty of reasons to stop in here for lunch or dinner!!One of my favorite spots in AZ!
1	I ordered the Hot and Sour Soup, one Chicken Egg Roll and the Sweet and Pungent Shrimp for delivery.  The order arrived in a timely manner but that is about all the positives I can give this restaurant.  The Hot and Sour Soup had no flavor whatsoever.  The Egg Roll was just OK.  The Sweet and Pungent Shrimp was in my mind really Sweet and Sour Shrimp.  I have never had Sweet and Pungent Shrimp with onions, peppers, tomatoes and pineapple before.  I have thrown out the take out menu and know I won't be ordering from this restaurant again.
5	Was craving sesame chicken and found this place nearby. Took a gamble and was impressed not only by the quality and taste of the food but also the lunch price and portion size. It was a great deal and service was awesome. Highly recommend if you are looking for a place to try for lunch that offers meals w soup, egg roll, and won ton included at under 8 bucks.
4	We think this place is the best local Chinese place.  Way better than flos.We recommend the Singapore noodles, the pepper steak, and the curry chicken.And if you like is spicy, you can get it actually spicy - not wimpy like so many Scottsdale places!
5	My food isn't even here yet and they already get 5 stars from me. I just moved to Scottsdale and it can be tough to find Asian restaurants that will accommodate a gluten allergy (I called around 3 tonight).  Not only did they put up with my phone dropping the call three times, they were extremely polite and eager to help.  They were even kind enough to let me talk to someone from the kitchen... Wow! I wish more businesses were still as good at customer service as they are. Thumbs up!
5	I recently just moved here to Scottsdale and I kept telling my husband that I wanted some yummy asian-chinese food but didn't know where to go or buy from. So one day, he brought home a brochure from this place and told me that he actually had it for lunch on his break and he recommended it to me if I ever get hungry or crave for some orange chicken. So finally today I ordered some because it was one of those lazy days where you don't want to go out or cook and this place DELIVERS! I am in love with that already. As for I have little ones, its always a hassle to get them in the car, seat them down and having to quiet them down before disturbing others from their meals. Everything on the menu sounds delicious and it took me quite some time to decide which dishes I wanted and pretty much, I got eye hungry from just reading all of it. I ordered: 1 Chicken Lo Mein 1 Pan Fried Noodles1 Orange Chicken Lunch Special with Steamed Rice1Beef with Broccoli Lunch Special with Fried Riceand they had a deal *Free order of eight cream cheese wontons with any purchase of $30 or more.*There was sooooooo much food for my two daughters and myself! We hardly dented our food. They are not cheap with their plates of food. Filled with lots of meat and veggies. Everything was yummy. I would definitely order from them again because overall, i had a great experience! Also, I ordered from Grubhub and delivery service was awesome. Came in 30 minutes when the estimated time was an hr at least.
4	Wow really impressed with this place! Really tasty food that doesn't give you that "I hate myself" feeling after eating Chinese take out.Not terribly greasy, fresh veggies and tasty sauces that aren't overly slathered on their meats.  We had an awesome smorgasbord of spring rolls (delish), egg drop soup (one of the best I've had), general tso's- unique but very tasty!, wonderful chicken lo mein, very healthy portion and the Mongolian beef was a bit overly onion-y, but we enjoyed everything and delivery was even early! Check this spot out.
4	This is our new favorite Chinese take out and they deliver! Their fried rice is excellent and anything we order the food portions ample. General tsao chix is really good. My only wish is that they would include the crunchy noodles with orange sauce. Otherwise its great Delivery! In this area! So rare :)
