1	The service I received was probably fine. The price for the parts wasn't great, but the price that was charged for labor was ridiculous. I took my car in to get new brakes & rotors. The entire job was done in less than 3 hours, but I was charged $400+ for labor. When I asked how this is possible, even after I was told that their hourly rate maxes out at $96/hour, I was met with a blank stare.Very disappointed with this. I understand how hourly billing works, and that maybe their system is set up to bill for X hours per each part of the job, but this is still crazy. Maybe it's not a unique business practice, but I definitely won't be going back. Some local shop deserves my business more, and will get it next time.
5	Past couple of times I've gone I've been pretty happy with the service. Josh is the man, he has a ford focus ST and we always end up talking cars.I got my oil changed a couple of times, nothing out of the ordinary, they did forget to wipe of my engine cover on where they spilt some which pissed me off but at least the cap was screwed on tightly. Got my inspection done, they slapped a new sticker on said I might need brakes soon and I was on my way.I recently got a set of rims and tires and asked them to switch it out with the stock rims and tires. I knew it would be expensive since they needed to remove the TPMS sensors. When I arrived the manager said he might be able to save me a couple bucks if he can just remove the tmps sensors without removing the whole tire and sure enough we were good to go! Under $50 I'm out the door and I couldn't be happier. Of course I'm rubbing my fender lining like a SOB but hey, I have a tuner car. If you don't rub your doing something wrong.For basic services, oil changes, tire rotations, and other basic maintenance I don't see why you wouldn't bring it here. Prices are fair and the staff is competent. For bigger jobs, they could get pricey but hey its a car, if you don't maintain your car of course your gonna have a bad time (wish I could include the south park meme here).
5	On Sunday while driving home from Erie,PA I had a problem with my tire. After several hours trying other tire places. Goodyear finally helped. At first he said he couldn't because they were booked. He saw my situation while traveling with a baby and made it work. I am so grateful and I know his coworkers were mad because they want to watch the Dallas game. Workers like this guy are what make your whole company look good. :)
