4	I gotta admit, I love Taco Bell! Remember how everyone loved Pizza Hut when you were a kid? Well, I liked Pizza Hut, but preferred Taco Bell. I know, weird right?Back in the day, they used to have the Taco Bell Grande, which was a bigger version of the Taco Supreme. I loved it! I think I like Taco Bell because their food is simple, tasty and cheap. Here are my favorites:-Taco Supreme-Chicken Supreme Chalupa-Nachos-Mango Frutista (They are oh so addicting!)I have never dined here, but the drive-thru is always fast and friendly. They have screwed up my order a few times, but I guess you sort of expect that from any fast food place. Now that the weather is starting to heat up, I'll be back often for those Frutistas!
2	First of all, I am not much of a Taco Bell person. The only things they have that I like are their Doritos Taco and the Mexican Pizza. That's the only reason I would give them two stars.What I came here for was to try the Cantina Bowl. I decided on steak and anticipating it to be good. NOT! It is basically a knockoff of Chipotle's steak burrito bowl! The steak itself was flavorless and it had the pre cooked taste to it, meaning all they had to do was heat it up. There was rice, beans, lettuce, and some kind of chipotle sauce (kind of ironic since it was a ghetto imitation). Immediately after this review I am going to contact Taco Bell to tell them to either make it better or quit making it and just stick to making the Doritos Taco. If they take the Doritos Taco away, then that will just erase another star on this review.Service was ok and the cleanliness of the place was decent as well. So if you are reading this and are thinking about getting the Cantina Bowl, DO NOT GET IT unless you want to ruin your apetite! I had to go to Chipotle that night for dinner just to satisfy my steak bowl craving!
1	Service sucks. They are always messing up orders and are rude to customers. One of their workers was just yelling at a kid for bringing in his skateboard and told him to have consideration. So rude and unprofessional.
5	I got here quite a few times each week on my way to work, its never super busy.  My order is always right and it some of the best drive thru customer service I have ever had.  Will continue to come here.
4	On this particular Sunday morning, service in the drive through was on point. The lady was very friendly and food was ready quick. No complaints here.
1	cashier shorted me 5 dollars I caught it when I got home called they pulled the drawer and found my 5 I didn't live down the street from this location so I said I would pick it up in a day or so. I came today which is maybe 2 days later. the manager said he would leave a note. when I arrived I spoke with the Manger on duty which didn't know so he called the guy I spoke with who com firmed my story when he came back he said oh I'll give it to you but you were supposed  to get it that day. So I'm guessing that they put a time frame on when you can pick up your money that there no counting ass cashiers fuck up on if I didn't come back I know they would have pocketed it no good POS.
4	So either you like Taco Bell or you are a communist, so I won't waste any of this review trying to explain to you how awesome beefy 5 layer burritos are, I will just talk about this location.Pros- its basically always empty around 4th meal time so you never have to wait in line-the staff seems to get only medium high while at work, compared to most taco bells where they get Greatful Dead concert level high- this results in a lot less screw ups in your order- yay for moderation. -the food comes out warm- not hot like a real big boy restaurant- but not the cold gross beans you get at many taco bells after 11 when they have long since stopped caringCons-it is like a 2 minute drive further away than 2 other taco bells and my time is valuable- those Hello Ladies reruns aren't going to watch themselves-I love Mountain Dew, mainly because I'm an extreme sports athlete- however I HATE baja blast. The Mountain Dew at this location always tastes a little Baja Blasty which sucks
