4	The Broiler is located inside Boulder Station Hotel & Casino.My favorite inexpensive steakhouse in Vegas. It's on the opposite side of town but totally worth the drive.They start you out with a basket of fresh baked breads. Save me one of the fresh soft baked pretzels!!!Recommended entrees: Filet Mignon, King Crab Legs, Lobster Tail, Panko Crusted Shrimp. (You can order a filet then add any of the other items at a reasonable price.) Dinners include one family style side dish from at least a dozen choices. The baked potato is huge. Their creamed spinach is delicious. The sauteed mushrooms are heavenly.The soup and salad bar has Just about anything you could imagine or want on a salad bar is there. Love the chilled asparagus. The tuna salad is tasty. Just don't fill up on the salad bar because there's a great meal coming!!!Service is always outstanding. The staff is professional and attentive.Looking forward to my next trip to Vegas for a stop at The Broiler.
5	As the first Yelper stated great steakhouse! Cozy, dim lighted atmo.  The variety of fresh baked bread includes a rosemary sourdough, raisin bread (not my fav.) and a Deelish soft fresh fat warm yummy pretzel (accompanied with unsalted butter).  Wine menu is offered ( and passed up).Dinner menu has about a dozen entrees, the entree includes on side and the buffet soup & salad bar.I decided on the Porter house Pork Chop ($25) with Mashed potato as my side and my hubby picked the Seafood combo platter($28) and side of French fries. each additional side if $5. But it's really not nessasary.after our friendly server took our order I went to check out the salad bar.  WOW, was I impressed! started off with the regular Iceberg, then a Garden Mix, followed by a Creamy Dill Shrimp salad, Deelish and colorful Crab Salad, Also Plain but tasty Tuna Salad. Just as you pass down a ways, the nicely diced and pretty shredded veggies that make your build-it-yourself salad look oh so gourmet.  Salad Buffet concluded with a Minestrone soup and my FAVORITE Creamy Asparagus and Crab soup. SOOO GOOOD (chunks of realllly yummy crab mmmm)Ok, so our Pork shop was HUGE, smashed potato's were real and yummy....My husbands seafood platter was disappointingly all fried but he did chose to substitute the oysters and scallops for more Orange Roughy and HUGE shrimp. "First time I've ever been full off shrimp" is what my meat and potato man said to me. I'm sure we will be back, although this kind of restaurant is a treat for us Parents on a budget. (we were on a date night just FYI)Our dinner was about $62.00 including tip but we did not splurge. The Surf & Turf was a bit steep at $63. and Lobster tail about $48.  But I bet it's awesome.
4	Had not been to the Broiler for years. We used to make this place a stop for dinner when we were LV tourist. Noticed a commercial for a prime rib special( $14.99) and it jogged our memory and we jogged.....well not exactly.....we drove over for a very nice meal at a great price. We did the 14oz prime rib special that came with their above average salad bar, mashed potatoes, broccoli and a basket of bread. I also had a very nice flight of wines for the bargain price of $10. Overall prices were very reasonable and the sides were only $5. which is a bargain for a LV steakhouse. A terrific restaurant with a nice soft ambience at a decent price. Will def put this place on our steakhouse rotation though it is a jaunt from Summerlin. Def worth the drive.So ono.
2	I went with a coupon for essentially 50% off the meal, the only way I will ever eat here again is if it is free. Had one of those moments where you were you wonder when your waiter will take the drink order. The steaks were just OK nothing special, over cooked, I would order one level below what you normally would, about what you can do at home with steak from walmart. The sides however were amazing and what saved me from giving this place one star, also the included salad and soup bar is good and worth noting. Staff need training on proper etiquette and professionalism. We overheard two of the staff members making little comments about "the gay couple" totally ruined our meal.
5	The friendliest staff I have encountered almost as if they were my family. The prices were reasonable and the prime rib is the best.  I love the crab cakes, bacon wrapped  shrimp for my appetizer . My sides I favor the spinach , asparagus , or sweet potato.  Wine knowledge  and selection pairs perfectly. Compliments to the chef and bonus to staff. Manager is a charming fella I might add.
2	This is a really nice and cozy dimly lit place..  Kind of surprising for Boulder Station...  The crab cake appetizer was very good and the free salad bar with soups and fruit was a nice touch with the entree...  I do admit, it is kind of strange to have a salad bar in a nice restaurant though.  The only big disappointment was the main course.  My filet that I ordered medium came out more well done and was charred.  Maybe do what another reviewer says and order it one level below what you actually want.  I suffered through and ate it, but I would not do it again.  I should have sent it back for sure and will if I ever go there again!  If I could make another recommendation I would say go to Sonoma Cellar at Sunset Station.  The filet there was absolutely magnificent and the prices are just a few dollars more.  No free salad bar at Sonoma Cellar but the salad bar at the Broiler was not worth the horrible filet.
2	We decided to try something different as we have been to the Steak House at Sunset Station and had a great experience.  This is a place I would not return to.  The service was VERY VERY Slow, almost like the servers did not care and knew the food was below average.  Everyone other then the host spent a lot of time in the back instead of on the floor with customers.  My wife ordered a vegetable which came with a Hollindase sauce.  The sauce was very bland and when we finally got our waiter to come back by our table, he took the sauce back and agreed it was very bland.  This is the way all the food was this night, no excitement or care put into the food at all.It was almost like they were just going through the motions because they were still open but really had no desire to excel.  This is a place we will NEVER go back to or recommend to anyone.  Don't like saying this about a place, it has to be said.  Sunset Station has a much nicer place, service and they really care about the food at Sunset.
5	Went down to Boulder Station to catch Little Feat in concert.  It was an incredible show and ended at the perfect time to grab a nice late evening dinner on a Friday night.  My husband and I noticed The Broiler, checked out the menu and got a table with no problem at 9:30pm.Service was superb.  The hostess was a very sweet woman who greeted us with a bright, interested smile, held the door for us, showed us the salad bar, and seated us in a cozy booth as we had requested.  The bus boy was one of the best assistants I have seen.  Always present without stalking us, clearing things away seconds after we finished with them, and having carry out bags ready to go, eager to put our leftovers in the stack of containers he brought for us.  The waitress was one of those women who could really maintain control of her responsibilities while being pleasant and inviting.  She genuinely seemed happy to see us, just like every staff member we encountered at The Broiler.  Service was quick, ultra-efficient, and super friendly.  Ambience was calm and relaxing.I chose the shrimp dinner and the waitress offered various ways for preparation: Panko, battered, or broiled.  I went with Panko (fried in breadcrumbs).  Excellent choice. $25My husband picked the swordfish.  Also offered several preparation options, he chose blackened.  He loved it. $30But the biggest surprise of the night was the incredible soup and salad bar.  This was actually included with our low priced entrees!  We each took a huge helping of the  New England Clam Chowder with those cute little hexagon crackers and then created our own salads of iceberg lettuce salad with bleu cheese crumbles and dressing, tomatoes, hard-boiled eggs, croutons....they had so many toppings.  It was fantastic.  I then tried another salad they had up there: broccoli and chicken in a light cream sauce.  It was unreal.  I literally could have just eaten this all night and I would have been satisfied.  This broccoli and chicken salad was a dinner starter for me but I can't help but think it would also make for a refreshing summer lunch.The selection of breads were also delicious.  We really liked the warm pretzel bread.Sodas were crisp.  Espressos were perfect.Perhaps we have been eating on The Strip too much.  The Broiler was a really nice find with a hometown feel and an affordably-priced menu.  We will definitely visit again.
4	I stopped by here last week to check out Boulder Station, because well, it's one of the last Station Casinos I had yet to frequent.  Thursday night with no reservation I walked right up and was seated without a problem.  I went straight to the drink menu, skipped over the wines and ordered an aptly named Asian Persuasion martini.  It was wonderfully sweet.I ordered the filet mignon, butterflied, medium.  It was to die for, to me the perfectly cooked steak.  It wasn't burnt on the outside and it was juicy and tender on the inside.  I unapologetically enjoyed every bite of it.  I didn't order any sides seeing that I was alone and I know they came family style.  However, if you order an entree here you can have the soup and salad bar, so for me, that was a better option.  I didn't get a salad but it looked well taken care of, instead I opted for a delicious cup of split pea soup.  Now I'm not a soup expert but I love split pea and this to me was very good.  It had huge chunks of ham in it and it was very thick.  They also gave me the traditional station bread basket.  I can't tell you about their desserts because I was already pushing myself to finish the steak, but I can say that I will return to eat here again.  The service was good from the hostess that greeted me to the manager that came by to say hello.  I really did enjoy my meal.
4	Came here with my friend because he loves steaks!  To be honest, I am not a huge steak person but I actually enjoyed my NY steak dinner.  The steak was very tender and full of flavor.  The service was great, I am now a fan of steaks!
2	Not bad, but over priced for Boulder Highway. Go to the steak house at Arizona Charlies instead.
5	This is the second time I have dined here in 4 weeks. It is GREAT !! The filet mignon was cooked to perfection and tender as all get out, my husband had Porterhouse and it was super. We tried a few appetizers, the shrimp cocktail is great (huge shrimp & fresh) The lobster Bisque was not so great (but that's just my taste , as my fiance gobbled it up). The salad bar is wonderful, very large variety of items and nice soups. One could fill up on just the salad bar & a appetizer !! The service is great as well. I will be going here regularly for sure. They also have a special of 4 different entrees plus soup&salad bar for 24.99... I am going to try that next visit. I love this place !!
4	I have been to the Broiler off and on over the past few years.  My meals have ranged from good to really good.  The way I eat has also changed quite a bit over those years.  From eating like a fat kid to eating clean and restricted.  This place gives you the opportunity to do both.  The salad bar has been touted as being the best on the Boulder Strip (not sure if that says a lot) and the prices are comparable to the other steak houses in the area.  So, to start off my review: I'll give you the reason we came here this night.I have family in town for the Easter / Spring Break and in "celebration" we went out to dinner.  We, as most families are, never can agree on where to go and what to eat.  So, when all else fails, a steak house is the most agreeable place to go.  *Side note:  This is my 3rd steak house that I have been to in the last 3 weeks and earned me the MEATHEAD BADGE here on Yelp!And, as I have stated in previous reviews, we eat early.  Our reservations were made for 5:30 P.M. on Saturday, March 24th.  And, per our family, we show up at 5 pm.**2nd side note: In my family if you're 15 minutes early, you are actually 15 minutes late.- We meet my family in the restaurants waiting area.  Where we are immediately seated at a nice spacious table.  Plenty of room for the 7 of us.  The table was set up very nice and the atmosphere was pleasant as well.  It was lit well but still had an ambiance that you could have a romantic dinner here, if the occasion ever came.- As we were checking out the menu, and after our drink order was taken, we were feasting on the complimentary bread.  The best pretzel bread ever, by the way. - The majority of our table went with the $25 special they had going.  You could choose: prime rib, filet, chicken or salmon, which comes with a side of green beans.  It also gives you access to the A.Y.C.E. salad / soup bar and a dessert (either a piece of Lemon Cake or Chocolate cake).- We took advantage of the salad / soup bar.  The chicken gumbo was great.  A little too spicy for some but perfect for me.  - The meal came out shortly.  I can only comment on the Prime Rib.  It was a little tough and had some cartilage issues.  But, it was still cooked to order and edible.  I wasn't a huge fan of the green beans but that is par for me. - Dessert soon followed and the presentation was awesome.  I wanted to take a picture but I got a little too gun-ho and just jumped into it.  But, take my word, it was presented well and it tasted even better.  The dessert took the experience from 3 stars to 4 stars for me.And, our waiter... John P. (I think that is his name... if not, I'll look at the receipt later and edit) was awesome as well.  He knew his stuff and was patient for those of us who are a little picky.  He was able to answer questions and was very witty.  He wasn't over the top, as some waiters can be.  So, he added to my 4 star rating as well.
5	It may not be in a trendy new casino or have a one hit wonder "celebrity chef's" name attached to it but what really matters to me is food quality and service.  You get both here in equal quantities at The Broiler located within the Boulder Station casino.Want a nice steak that is actually prepared to the proper temperature without breaking the bank?  You've come to the right place. This is an old school style steak house...dimly lit and dark red leather booths; no flash, no fuss, no douche bag DJ playing lame tunes from his iPod so loud you can't hear the people at your table.  What you do get is great service and a very nice meal.  For 32 bucks you can get a steak filet oscar style; and that comes with a very nice soup/salad bar.  The salad bar is always fresh and the plates are chilled.  Wine prices are respectable and won't hurt your bottom line either.In a city where everyone thinks you must pay $$$$ and be at the trendy spots to have a nice steak this is a refreshing break.  Good food, steaks seasoned and prepared properly, great service.  As far as steak houses go this place is a win.
4	I actually had low expectations for this place since it's all off strip, and I usually think steakhouse on the strip are good, but this one is actually pretty good!Pros:-Excellent Salad Bar!-Excellent Service!-EXCEELLLENT FOOD!Cons:-Pricey in some areas-Service might take a while-Food takes time to get preparedI ordered the Surf and Turf, and even though I waited, I still got to eat because there's the salad bar! The Salad Bar was decent, it had salad, it had soup, it worked as an appetizer. When I got the Surf and Turf, it was the best! I tried the steak and it was cooked to perfection! The Lobster was really filling, it was just delicious! Then they asked if I wanted dessert, "What do you have?" I asked. Then they bring me a cart full of all the desserts they had. "WHOA" I said, well since I was eating with a group, we just got everything! It was delicious, pretty exquisite, perfect! When I left, I just had a bunch of To-Go Boxes. It was so good, we had to get a bunch to-go! This place is really good, and I recommend you eat here!
5	Celebrated our wedding anniversary here last night and had a delicious meal. Steaks were tender and juicy.  Service was outstanding.  Thank you for making our meal one to remember!
4	I've eaten here a number of times, we've been there often for Thanksgiven Dinner and it's always good.  The food is always cooked to perfection and the service is outstanding.  What makes this place good is the salad bar, everything is fresh and fulling.
5	Best Rib Eye Steak I've ever had, and I mean ever!!I'm not even sure what they do to it, and I really don't care.Allow me to digress for a moment: My best friend and I drove up to Boulder Station to see UFO at The Railhead (huge fans for 35 years).We arrived a day early and felt like having a really good steak dinner and we were about to venture out of the hotel when several people told us about The Broiler. "It's right downstairs, pass the slots, make a right and it's in the corner" We find it no problem and walk in, they meet us, greet us and seat us, we look around, wow, what a blast from the past, this place is cool, an old school steakhouse vibe. Everyone was very nice. We both order "The Delmonico". Now, understand, my friend of 35 years is not only a food critic, but he does all of the cooking in his family and can sometimes be hard to please. When our plates arrived, it was love at first sight, they were very well presented, the smell was carnivore heaven. They did some buttery, crispy thing on the outside and perfectly tender and melt in your mouth thing on the inside. This was recommended by our waitress and it was their priciest piece of meat, I think we paid $60.00 each but would've paid more. If you ever get the opportunity, tell them Handsome Joe sent you.PS: UFO kicked ass!!!!
5	Our family went on the 11th for my mother's birthday, and the service was excellent! The food was really good. I think my favorite was the cream of mushroom soup at the salad bar. The service was prompt and as an added bonus after our meal the staff brought a creme brulee out,with Happy Birthday written in chocolate! I'd definitely come back here for another special occasion!
4	Experience:  last year I came here with my 95 y/o Grandfather for Christmas dinner, so we decided to come back kinda like a tradition this year. We came here once in between too.  It has been kind of hit and miss since the first time.  The first time was 5 star.  The next time it was 2.5 star. This time was 3.5.Food: I ordered the scallop appetizer, but had to send it back because there was too much sand I was crunching. I don't mind a little sand, but not in every bite. They replaced it with a chef's special, chili shrimp wrapped in bacon. The sauce was good, but the bacon was overdone. Then I ordered the ribeye. It's a huge portion, but it's my favorite cut, so I always take some home. Last time they overcooked it...this time it was done almost right.  A little under, but I prefer under any day to over. We shared some lobster mac and cheese, which was delicious. My Grandfather got the rice pudding for dessert. I took a bite and it was very tasty.  Warm pudding with a slight cinnamon flavor topped with whipped cream and raisins. I ordered some cheesecake togo for my Christmas treat.  :)Service:  the waiter wasn't very friendly, but maybe that's his nature. The first two times, we had the same waiter and he was amazing!!!!   He was not working tonight. Facility: very upscale atmosphere with a low lighting. Very comfortable booths and tables and chairs. Overall:  the food is very good most of the time. When they get it right, it's amazing. Just have not been able to recreate that amazing. We'll probably be back next year.
