2	After reading the reviews of this restaurant's other locations, I am at a complete loss for words -- is this supposed to be some great local gem or something? What it seemed like to me was a big old Mexican chain restaurant full of overpriced cheddar-filled enchiladas. It wasn't *bad* food, but it was unremarkable.I came here for lunch and was seated promptly. The chips and salsa were quite tasty. I was surprised to see the prices on the lunch menu, though -- $10-$11 for vegetarian dishes like cheese enchiladas or a veggie burrito seemed really high. I went with the burrito, enchilada style. It tasted good. The tortilla was a bit chewy but the veggies were nice. Ok.That's it.I get that this is supposed to be "Mexican city" style food, whatever that means. I didn't really notice that it had unique flavors to Mexico city, or any other region of Mexico, for that matter.Sigh.I STILL haven't found a fantastic Mexican restaurant in this city of, what, 5 million people? I'm getting really frustrated. It's been three years! On to the next one...
4	I am originally from Tucson, and this is easily my favorite Mexican restaurant.  While I still believe that the Tucson locations are better, this is still a pretty good representation.I must warn everyone that this is NOT Sonoran-style mexican food, nor is it anything close to Tex-Mex.  This is Mexico City style cuisine, which is something that is hard to come by this far north.  Do yourself a favor and try something other than the dishes you are used to.  The mixed grill is a favorite (#39), as is the chicken melt (#34), and the pechuga suiza (like a chicken quesadilla) is to die for (#32).  My all-time favorite dish though is a combination plate, with two tacos and the pechuga suiza (#15).  The tortilla soup is also very good.One problem that I have come across with this location is the service.  Multiple times I have been sat by the hostess and failed to be greeted by a server for 10-15 mins.Other than that, I love this restaurant.  I grew up eating at the Tucson location, and it was the first place I would want to go to when I would come home from college during holidays.
1	Been there for lunch a couple of times. The first time I was not impressed, and rather neutral about the experience. But I thought it was because I was on the phone w/ biz the entire time. Went last week w/ a few folks from my office. Omg! We were thoroughly disappointed. Let's start w/ the chips and salsa. They serve a complementary salsa trio. Red, green and pico de gallo. The traditional salsa was borderline gross! No flavor and funky texture. The salsa verde was ok but not great. I asked for hot salsa....they didn't have one. Huh??! The food was par at best and the service was worse! The restaurant was not busy and we had to search for our server for any and everything. We had to ask for our check and 15 min later, she still hadn't come to collect the bill. Tick Tock! Tick Tock! C'mon lady....I've got stuff to do!!! I had to take the credit card to her!!! The icing on the cake was my asking for a to-go cup for my freshly poured iced tea. She brought me a soup container!! No thanks! Meh! I'm cool on this place!
4	I was in the area and craving some Mexican food since it's getting cooler outside. I will admit I went in here totally skeptical and ready to be disappointed ...........but you know what......I wasn't!!! It was very clean, friendly and attentive staff, a window opened to the kitchen area to see the cooks in action. I was served chips with a salsa trio, there was chunky pico de gallo, smooth red and the tomatillo green. (see pics) All tasted OK, none were very spicy at all but that was fine with me. My favorite was the green, although I added some salt and lemon juice to it to make more flavorful it still was a great fresh sauce, I could have eaten it with a spoon!I ordered from the lunch menu, where all items were $6.99. I chose the chicken melt it was a grilled tortilla topped with melted cheese ,grilled chicken, tomato and avocado, served with rice and beans (see pics) Wow! A perfect light lunch that I didn't feel guilty eating, it was so good! I have to give 4 stars based on my experience today, I will go back and hopefully thing will be as good next time too.
1	Beef that tastes fishy & other awful experiences...The arguments that I have seen for this restaurant on other sites as to whether or not it's authentic Mexico City food is not even going to be brought up here; there are plenty of other things wrong with this restaurant and the food that simply go against common decent meals.First of all, it should be noted that unlike most restaurants, especially Mexican restaurants, chips and salsa and non-alcoholic beverages come with 1 refill only; after that, you have to pay for extra.  The bowl of chips is small - my fellow diner and I went through it quickly waiting for our appetizer.  Then, after the bowl was empty, we were never - never even throughout the entire meal - offered our 'refill' for chips.  I understand a restaurant may not want to be wasteful, but this is just cheap and tacky.Second of all, all of the menu items are about $2.00 overpriced, compared to other Mexican or TexMex places I have been to.  $10.99 goes about as far as 2 tiny - empty - "cheese" enchiladas (about 4 inches long, w/little inside but cheese suffocating the outside), and two tacos with some meat blobbed on and nothing else.  In Mexico, this should run me about $4.00, and in other AZ Mexican restaurants, about $8.99.Third, the food was just plain awful.  Nevermind the appetizer of the skillet of cheese - think cheese pizza without the pizza, with extra oil and a nauseating stomachache to follow.  We couldn't even eat half of it.  And there's no dipping - although hot, it's harder cheese that has to be cut with a knife.  Then onto the aforementioned enchiladas and tacos.  The shredded beef tasted like fish.  Makes me wonder what's going on in their kitchen.  I lifted up the taco and water poured - not dripped, poured - out of the shell, explaining why the shell was then soggy and vile.  Think wet cardboard.  I ate half of the first taco and couldn't stomach it any longer.  The enchiladas exemplify the cook's answer to everything - drench and hide the food in cheese and sauce.  Nothing was inside, except a tad of what seeped in from the outside.  I didn't touch the beans - they too looked like they were soaking in a bowl of water, but I tried the rice: no texture - almost mush, very bland.  This should be one of the basics.And buyer beware: the "Suiza" sauce - which at first glance on the menu one might assume that the sauce is a special house sauce that adds that great vibrant kick to food - is actually just sour cream.  Whether they were trying to just sound unique or what on the menu, I don't know, but as someone who doesn't like sour cream, this is only a nuisance.  The service...I suppose E for Effort.  Neither of us ate hardly any of the "food" (and we aren't the 'send-it-back' type people), and the waitress was completely oblivious.  When she asked if we liked it, I gave a look like - no - and my boyfriend said it was 'okay'; and we clearly didn't want any boxes - you'd think something might have been done at that time - since she did *ask*...but no.  We were sent on our way and told to "come back soon!"  Nice, but dense.Overall, Mexican or not, this can't be a good representation of Mexico.  If a Mexican restaurant can't get tacos right, they shouldn't be in business.  I would never waste another dime there, and would discourage friends as well.  Bad food, overpriced, with severely lacking service...that's probably why the place was nearly empty when we were there on what should have been a busier Wednesday night.
1	I've been to both the North Phoenix and Mesa location and the experience was about the same.  The service was lackluster, and there really wasn't that many customers in the restaurant.  The thing I found to be the worst was that the food I got was COLD!  One of my friends loves this place but I believe it's because of the salsa not the service or the atmosphere.  I recommend anything but this place for lunch or dinner.
2	My review for this restaurant will be simple and to the point.As my friend and I entered the establishment, I checked my phone and found it to be exactly 6:15. Why did I check my phone? The intent was purely innocent, I assure you. I suppose it just happened to coincide with my entrance into the restaurant. We chatted between ourselves, both of us being fairly patient individuals, and both of us restaurant workers ourselves, making us doubly more thick skinned to bad experiences. Minutes pass; we are not greeted or acknowledged by a soul. More minutes pass, we begin to change our posture, to accommodate the awkward transition from entryway to dining table. Finally, an attractive young woman comes up to us with a friendly smile and leads us to our table, located next to the bar. We exchange relieved looks, after both mentally contemplating an exit stage left only moments before. The time is 6:22.As we take a seat, the restaurant appears to be around 1/4 capacity. The temperature, lighting and music levels are appropriate. We begin to read our menus, becoming much more anticipatory of a good meal after reading some of the descriptions. More time passes, we remain ungreeted by our future server. Finally, the girl who sat us approaches, smile exhausted, and takes our order. Chips and salsa was decent, refills were far and in between. Fast forwarding, our soups arrive. They are out of this world. The Consome de Pollo and Sopa de Tortilla. Much more time passes, our entrees arrive. Both entrees were bland and uninspired, leaving both my friend and I with an empty void in both our stomachs and our wallets. Price was intermediate but overpriced for our experience. Time of exit: 7:45. I would not recommend La Parrilla Suiza based on our experience. I have talked with many others with the same experiences (slow service and great soups), so I am relieved to find that my often obligatory second visit may be skipped in this particular scenario.Thanks for reading!
4	I was a little hesitant on writing a review on this place after reading the reviews of others.  I guess all i can say is i got lucky it seems.  We were on our way to On The Border when we noticed it had closed down. So i saw this place that i hadn't heard of and said lets give it a try.  I prefer trying new places anyway.  I walked in and told the lady that me and another family, that were on their way, were looking for a place to eat and wanted to know why i should eat here (just giving her a hard time), i asked if the service was good, the place was clean, and if the food was good and what mexico city cuisine meant.  i think i caught her off guard because she didn't know how to answer except smile and laugh.  with my group of 12 they went right to work and put tables together, and i think they knew that i was expecting a lot.  i also saw the manager getting things together for us too.  my the time the rest of our group showed up they seated us with the table full of chips and their trio salsa, which everyone enjoyed.  The food was very good, my wife and i split the fajitas, and normally you get a huge plate full of onions and peppers with a few strips of meat, but it was just the opposite here, we got  a plate full of steak and chicken and just the right amount of onions and peppers.  very tasty and all went well.  drinks were delivered well and they even brought me out an extra pitcher of Dr. Pepper just for me to make sure i didn't run out.  I guess i have to go back to see if they could deliver quality consistently.
3	This place was ok. It was recommended to us from a friend who knows authentic mexican cuisine. When you first arrive they bring you out chips and 3 different types of salsa (green, spicy red, and pico de gallo). They are all pretty good. I ordered the cheese enchiladas and asada taco combo and it was ok. I really liked the enchilada sauce, it's definitely not your canned version in most restaurants around here. The tacos weren't the best. The beef seemed kind of dry. Although the tortillas were homemade.Warning: This place only gives you one free drink refill before they charge you for another drink and it's like 2.25 or something....weird. They also only give you one chip refill before they charge you 1.99 and they don't give a lot of chips.
3	Mexico City Mexican food ...ok... We were warmly greeted and seated immediately. The interior is much nicer then I expected it to be. We sat in a booth and they brought out the chips quickly. They have three sauces that accompany the chips. One is a coarse chopped pico de gallo and the tomatoes were actually red instead of pink (what a concept), the second was a hot smooth red salsa (my favorite) and the third was a creamy cold avocado dip. The drinks were delivered and they have really clean glasses, no scratches or anything, I notice these things. The water was good, it must be filtered. The silverware was super shiny and looked like it had never been used. I love that! The menu is a bit different form a traditional Mexican restaurant. I ordered the shrimp melt and my friend ordered the pork flat taco. They are both very similar, but the melt has bacon in it. When the food arrived we were shocked. Where was the greasy gooey all mushed together food we had come to expect with Mexican?? It was on a clean white rectangular plate and was a normal serving, not the massive "this will make me gain 5 lbs" size we are used to. I thought everything tasted very good and it was just enough to be full without needing a nap. I like that this place is not full of screaming children and obnoxious people. Its a grown up Mexican lunch spot.
3	I had originally seen the other listing for this Restaurant which had the place rated at four stars rather than 2.75; and after being there I wish I would have seen this one first.2.75 stars is the perfect place for the ratings to rest - La Parrilla Suiza is lackluster, tolerable Mexican food at it's best.To be fair - the staff is extremely nice and attentive.  Being a Sunday early afternoon it was imperative that my water was replenished frequently and it was.  Our waitress was great!  The food itself was pretty good as well - I ordered an enchilada and had the tortilla soup which was very good.  The part that knocks a plausible four stars down to three is the lack of character in the restaurant - it's just a big, open, area with vaguely Mexican-oriented decorations.  The pricing was average for Americanized places - ranging from about $9.50 - $14.00 a plate.  There is a full bar which I would have definitely taken advantage of had it not been a Sunday and the beers been less than $4.50 a piece.  Overall - If it's not too out of your way and you're in a bind, La Parrilla Suiza won't be the worst choice.  I'd much rather head to either an authentic place like Salazar Brothers or a slightly more upscale place like El Zocalo.
3	Only been here for lunch.  Impressed with the $6.99 specials.  Chicken Chimi is pretty tasty, also had some sort of chicken tacos.  They were a little dry, but the array of available salsa's that are offered with the chips spiced them up just right.
5	Long overdue review as this has been a favorite here, and in Tucson, for many years. For edification, "authentic" Mexican cuisine can be a  nebulous and misleading generalization. There are many different regional varieties from northern, central and southern Mexico. Most of the Mexican restaurants in AZ are of the northern ilk.La Parrila Suiza is Mexico City cuisine and excellent at that. Nice place to bring the family or dine at the ample bar if solo.Several different combos to choose from; favorite is Parillada Mixta No. 39. Mixed grill of charbroiled beef strips two quesadillas and a bell pepper stuffed with cheese accompanied by chorizo and grilled green onions, all served on an individual little grill with mesquite charcoal underneath. Served with terrific soft corn tortillas; make your own tacos with a spoonful of cheese, chorizo and beef strips--killer!! I eat the whole thing, but two could easily share this. Don't miss it!
4	Why am I always starting my reviews with a statement about how long ago I started eating at these places?  I guess I'm gettin old.Years and years ago I used to eat at the location in Glendale.  We were excited when they opened this location.  It is really good food, friendly service, and they run coupons.  This is a regional Mexican restaurant so expect something different than you ____berto's.  Great with a family and their 3 salsa service is outstanding!
5	I read the reviews for this place here on Yelp and took my husband there who is VERY picky when it comes to Mexican food.  He told me that we pass the place all the time and there are no cars.  Sure enough, The lot was empty but the food was amazing.  We both loved it.  And me being vegetarian, they had a section of the menu for me.  I have not had fajitas in SO long and these were to die for.  The mushrooms were cooked to perfection.  Slightly sweet.  And the corn was perfect.  Grilled but still had a slight crunch.  And how can i leave without having Sopapillas.  Again.  Great stuff.  I give it 5 stars and have decided to make it our Sunday treat.  Thanx all for recommending this amazing restaurant.
5	Super Great just like the one in Tucson. Delicious original menu with lots of great cheese! YUM
3	Looking over the other reviews, I'm the odd man out for once. When we sat down the table and the menus were sticky, like a margarita had spilled and only been half cleaned up. I guess I can over look that, but things didn't get much better. The people working were so so so so nice! But the food was disappointing. Inside felt like a classier TGIFridays with a sombrero. I'm a huge fan of Mexican food, having grown up in the southwest I consider myself to be kind of a Mexican food snob. I've even been to Mexico City, but I don't remember food like this. I enjoyed the salsa. The special was pretty nice, 2 drinks (non-alcholic), 2 salads, and 2 entrees for $20. But I don't think I'll hurry back.
3	OK, we went in to this restaurant with high expectations seeing the Yelp reviews were pretty good.This was another typical Meh!The salsa and chips were great. the rice and beans were really well seasoned and moist (I have dry rice) so they hit that out of the park.My tacos though were so gross. I don't know what it is about the concept that placing ground beef inside a corn tortilla and frying it in a pan is a good thing??? This was a TOTAL turn off for me (get out the Alka-Seltzer)I might try going back at some time and trying the enchiladas but with all the other mexican joints around Gilbert it probably won't be any time soon...
4	Pleasantly surprised at how tasty the food was! The decor is typical. The staff was friendly. The chips come with two different salsas to start the meal. I had the number 31 which is like a quesadilla with a thin pork cutlet hidden within. The tortilla was crisped just right- the cheese was the good white melty mexican stuff that's not too greasy, and the pork was the right thickness and not overcooked. It was so simple but so good. I'd eat it again and again and I just may.
1	Worst Mexican food ever.  Would rather eat at Taco Bell.  There are so many better options in Arizona, I dont know why you would eat here.
3	3.5 stars.After we went to the movies it was dinner time so we went across the street to La Parilla Suiza.  We were greeted and seated and then about 10 mins went by before our server came to take a drink order.  Chips and salsa had been placed on the table but no water or drink orders taken.  Our server did not seem all that enthusiastic.  She seemed as though she was just going through the motions.  I told her it was our fist time there so she pointed out some house specialties and then went to get out drinks.  I saw they had chilequiles on the menu and I love them and not many places serve them.  When I placed my order our server seemed a bit suprised I didn't order one of the higher priced specialties.  Our food arrived and it was hot and the chilequiles were good.  We were never offered more chips and only checked on once during the meal.  The food was fine but the service was lacking, in my opinion.  If I was in the area again I would go back and give them another chance.  Everyone is entitled to a bad day.
3	Ate here with my family over the weekend. The food is a washed-out version of mexican food, but edible. The service is just okay. Not anything too exciting to report about this place, but if your in the area and craving some mexican food - this is the place for you.
2	We came with a group of 8, including two young children.  The staff was very attentive and efficient.  The food, meh.  It wasn't awful, but definitely not great.  The drinks were mediocre, too.  It worked out okay for a larger party without a wait, but I'd choose another spot if we weren't thinking about the kids being served quickly.
5	La Parilla Suiza and I have long, long history. A tradition, really. I've been going to the various ones for probably 20 years since I lived in Tucson. Literally went there so much my family had our regular waiter every time. If you order #15 or #32, I humbly suggest you tell them to make it the "old way". It's better. Oh, and green salsa/salsa verde ftmfw.
4	Used to eat at the Craycroft location in Tucson back in the day.  Driivng around Gilbert I spot THIS location and prevail upon Spousal Unit to try it - completely against our Policy of "Locally owned/operated Only"!!!Chips fresh, salsa trio fresh & tasty... BUT........mi amigos, this is AZ how can you NOT have a hot salsa available?  Handcrafted margarita to order Great!  Service outstanding, she was a true professional.  Fajitas Great. Shrimp Diablo (has some other name on their menu that I cannot recall) was really good.....BUT.....NOT "spicy hot" as expected.Overall solid performance except for the disappointing tourist level Spice Index - if I"m not crying and sweating halfway thru the meal you didn't go all the way!
5	This place earns it's stripes.The food is fantastic. The service is wonderful. The staff actually remembers you if you come in a second time.And if you like cheese, well, this is kind of a cheese nirvana.The food is not boxed and quartered into the familiar bland Mexi of other Arizona digs and actually offers dishes that are interesting.
5	I have been coming to various La Parillas for over 20 years. Originally Tucson. They have been consistently good in every way. They use different rice in Tucson, and it's better. Be sure to save room for the fried ice cream, as it is totally worth it.
5	Great food, great service, and the pricing was very fair. Place was very clean. I would not hesitate to go back!
3	My husband, my sister and I ate there at lunch today.  They had chimichangas and both enjoyed them.  I, who LOVE enchiladas and almost always order them at a Mexican restaurant, ordered a combination of enchiladas and tacos.  The tacos were OK but the enchiladas were lousy!  The sauce was very boring - too much tomato, not enough pepper and the enchiladas were not cooked thoroughly.  They were edible but wouldn't order them again.  Service was friendly and atmosphere was nice.  However, with all the other choices for Mexican food in the area, I don't plan to return.
1	I would give it 1 1/2 because only because the service was ok. First we order a appetizer and when it came out it was just cheese melted in a pan now it was good cheese but still just cheese , before we ordered this we asked our waiter what it was and since he barely spoke english and I mean not really at all he could explain what it was. Then The food came out we ordered the chimichagas it came with jalepeno cream cheese and melted cheese on the top. I liked it and the rice was good but I have had better. I gave it such low star rating because the food was not authentic mexican food. I would not go here again even with a coupon.
3	My husband and I had a late-night itch for some Mexican food, so with the restaurant being so close to the freeway we decided to dine in.  Nice ambience.  Our main entrees were delicious (both got the corn tamal), however we were a little dissapointed that we had to ask the waitress for chips/salsa and for utensils after our entrees were given to us. Overall, the food was delicious - hopefully next time around our waitress and/or host will be a little more prepared.
4	We bought one of those discount coupons for this restaurant, so a Friday afternoon lunch seemed the perfect time to try it out.  It's been ages since I've been here.We arrived a few minutes after 11am (when they open) and along with one other table - we were the only ones in the place. Great service!We ordered a dish with a lot of melted cheese (their specialty?) and I ordered the veggie fajitas.  Both were good.  Because of the coupon, we needed to purchase a minimum in food and beverage, so we also ordered two desserts.  The flan was o.k. and the sopapillas were awesome!Would we recommend?  Absolutely.  Try to order from the lunch menu - seems like its a good deal for the price.  Drinks are unlimited too.
2	Had the steak fajita quesadilla, which was good, no doubt about it. However the service was awful. We got chips and salsa but the girl who served us brought a bowl of broken chips..I mean - seriously broken up, can't dip into salsa - broken chips. When we asked for new ones, she brought a new bowl and just put some unbroken ones on top and left the bottom portion full of broken chips. She also didn't want to bring us any more salsa without charging for a pint of it. Barely got extra water..she was quite surly by the end. Ladies bathrooms were quite unclean. I won't be going back.. I have had the same rude experience at another location at the PV Mall area. Frankly, the decent food doesn't make up for the lousy and surly service.
4	I see some reviewers have given this place low scores because they are not selling Sonoran food. Hey, you people, it says in big letters on the building MEXICO CITY CUISINE.It is not a Sonoran Restaurant. Its like people ordering spicy Thia food or hot wings and then complaining about the spice. Thanks to these sorts of people restaurants end up dumbing down their food to appeal to the lowest common denominator. Stop it. Go to Taco Bell if that's what you want.Anyway, this is the third location of La Parrilla Suiza I have visited, the first was Tucson and the second was the 35th Ave. location. Nice looking place. The food was more or less as I remember it, though the chorizo might have been a little less tasty. Their chips and salsas are awesome so be careful not to fill up on those before your food comes. Prices are in line with most other casual dining places. They also have a really nice bar inside. Service was also very good. If you want a change from the typical Sonoran give this place a try.
5	If I could give this place 10 stars I would!! This is me and my husbands very favorite place to go.  We LOVE the salsas.  We LOVE the fajitas. Also the chimichangas are good.  Love love love this place!
1	My husband and I used to eat at La Parilla in Mesa often. However, our last experience was the worst ever! We had out of town guests and took them here for some good Mexican cuisine. Our waiter was incredibly rude and acted as though he could not be bothered with us. Everything was an inconvenience to him. We asked for extra napkins and refills on our water and he acted as though we asked him for a kidney.He took his time bringing us water and forget about getting a refill on our chips! Apparently, he could not be bothered to do his job. We were mortified and embarrassed at how we were treated. His name is "Rodriguez" (at least that's what was printed on our bill). The food was delicious, but the waiter's attitude ruined what would have been a great evening.I tried to let the management know what happened, but their email has conveniently been full for weeks! We will NEVER go back to this place. We'd sooner eat at Taco Bell then to be treated as poorly as we were. FIRE RODRIGUEZ!!!!!
5	This food is just....fantastic.  I don't know what else to say.  I grew up eating at La Parrilla Suiza in Tucson.  The tortilla soup and "Queso Suiza" (read mouth-watering melted white cheese that you slather all over tortillas) is TO DIE FOR.   I don't even like soup.  And the tortilla soup you get at most places is just plain nasty.  Not true here.  We drive about 16 miles just to eat at this place.  And, I'll tell you what - it's worth it.The free chips and salsa alone are fantastic.  Couple that with the soup and some tacos or enchiladas or a chimichanga and you're in heaven.  And the margaritas are pretty damn good too.We have taken friends and family to this restaurant, and have never once heard a complaint.  It's simply the best Mexican food I have tasted in all of Phoenix.  Yes - I see posts about the waiters and waitresses not speaking good English.  It's true....so what.  You don't go here to have a friendly conversation.  You go for the food.  So get over it....   And eat.:-)
1	So, my husband and I travel all over and have also lived in Mexico.  I had tried this place once when it first came to Mesa,and was not impressed, but decided to give it another chance tonight.  Yes, I have read all the reviews, both good and bad, and never go by what others think of restaurants.  Truthfully, most people do not know what good food is.  La Parilla is very clean and the staff is truly friendly and attentive (there were no problems with the wait staff not speaking English as others have thoughtlessly posted.  It wouldn't have been a problem anyway as my husband speaks Spanish quite well).  Our drinks arrived within minutes as well as the chips and salsa trio...That is where things went downhill.  The red salsa tasted exactly like Heize tomato sauce out of the can with onion added, the pico de gallo was ok, but without the red onion and lime that could make it truly stellar, and the avacado crema (it could not be called a guacamole) was watery and had the overripe banana flavor that we associate with avacados going bad.  We ordered the cheese crisp, which is one of our main judging points of all Mexican restaurants.  It also arrived quickly and had plenty of melted monterey jack cheese, but the tortilla underneath was cooked nearly to death, almost to the point of being burned.  It did not have the crisp, almost cinnamon flavor of fresh baked, homemade tortillas, but the flour and paste flavor that shows the ratio is off and that they were made with poor quality AP flour.     We both know Mexico City food, as well as Sonoran, and this was not good quality Mexican food all the way around.  Needless to say, we declined to order an entree and instead left without finishing the appetizer.  Disappointing, and we will not return, although we wished we would have been wrong...There are so few really good places to eat in Mesa.
1	Terrible service.... over priced and not authentic mexican... everything tasted frozen or out of a can.... by far the worst I have expirienced from any chain in az.
2	Just got seated. 3 dirty tables in view, lots of staff coming and going, none seem concerned about it. Told hostess about it as she seated me, still no concern.  Drove 7 miles from Tempe for this?Waited 8-10 minutes before someone stopped at my table to see if I've been helped. Ready to leave even before I order.  But I want . Hopefully they redeem themselves.
2	So I have been to the location in Tucson and now experienced this one and I have to say that I did not have a WOW or YUMMM drooling moment at either. Don't get me wrong it's not horrible it just has no wow factor at all to me and I will pass next time.There is just better Mexican cuisine out there,,,Service was promt though!
1	Our party of five arrived mid-afternoon for a late lunch.  We were seated at a booth that included old crushed chips underneath the table and chunks of meat scattered on the floor.  Once our food arrived (yes, we stayed to eat...) we had to ask for utensils.  The food was bland overall, although the enchiladas were covered in a greasy pasta sauce (possibly Ragu).  Mexitalian anyone?  Upon leaving we visited the restroom, which appeared untouched by a cleaning agent for an unreasonable amount of time.  Considering we were one of only a few people in the restaurant at the time, the bathrooms should have been clean and our table certainly should have been set.
5	My wife and I go here quite a bit and I just realized that I haven't written a review. We actually held our wedding reception in there back room. They serve great food from Mexico City. Our preferred server is Enrique!!!! He is awesome and takes great care of us. Everyone is very nice and Jorge the manager is very awesome to work with. The prices are great as well.
5	I read some of the reviews for this place and had to laugh. Most of the people who said the food is terrible are probably used to Sonoran Mexican food. This is Mexico city style! I grew up on the Mexican border in Texas and spent a lot of time visiting family in Mexico. I have to say after moving to Arizona 3 years ago I had given up on "good" Mexican food because I hate Sonoran style food. I stumbled upon this place stopped in for dinner and fell in love! I felt like I was finally having a taste of home. The food is authentic and the service is great! Staff is friendly and attentive. Also I read someone say they charge you for refills on drink which is no longer the case! Everyone looking for a change from the usual Sonoran style of AZ should try this place!
3	This was an interesting adventure, so let us begin.........We were seated promptly. For a full restaurant, this was pretty good. Now, it did take awhile before someone came and took our drink order; however, the waitress recognized that and took our food order as well (without writing it down). Now just as our waitress was bringout out our food, a waiter carrying iced tea decided that drinks would be on me....and I am NOT talking about "paying for everyones drinks". While I had a soaked shirt, the good news was that it was iced tea and not some HOT food/drink. The waitress promptly attended to us, moving us to another table and added complimentary desserts for me and my family (about $18 worth). The waiter made it a point to ask if I was OK. Now, remember, the waitress took our order WITHOUT writing it down AND the order came out just as ordered. I had one of the specialty Parrilla plates with chorizo, fajita, queso fundido, quesadillas, charro beans and grilled onions. ALL perfectly seasoned. The complimentary dessert was homemade flan and fried ice cream. The flan had a nice creamy texture and just melted in your mouth. It came with fresh blueberries, a large fresh strawberry and whipped cream. Again, all very good. I assume the fried ice cream was good, because my daughter finished it. All in all, I would definitely make a return trip......the recovery for "drinks on me" was satisfactory, except I would have liked a manager come personally apologize for that mishap. This is why this visit gets only 3 stars.
1	Wow.  If it was possible to give a place negative stars, I would have.  I purchased a gift certificate for this restaurant on restaurant.com.  My husband and I took our three small children there on Saturday night.  The hostess looked annoyed that she had to seat us.  Once at the table, three waiters passed us by without asking what we wanted to drink, etc.  Once we had been there for about 6 minutes, a bus boy brought us some salsa.  He asked if we knew about the salsa and I said no, we hadn't eaten there in years.  His response was "oh it's the same" which didn't explain anything at all.  We continued to sit for another 10 minutes or so, with no drinks, and thirsty children as waiter after waiter passed us by.  The table that got seated 30 seconds before us got their food and we still hadn't been served even a glass of water.  At this point, we left.  On my way out, I decided I should talk to a manager.  The bartender got him for me.  As he was coming to the front, he refused to make eye contact with me, and actually passed me right by and was chatting with the hostess at the station.  When I said "excuse me!" he turned and said "yeah."  I explained to him what happened and that we were leaving and his response was to turn to me, gesture to the restaurant and say "the restaurant is full, you think you make a difference?  I have never been so insulted in my life.  I would never return to this restaurant, and I would never ever recommend it to anyone.  What a disaster.  The customer sevice sucks, the manager is an ass, and the entire experience was a total joke.
2	Service was good but the rice tasted burnt and the red sauce taste like they put tomato soup on my burrito. Their red salsa also had a little of the soup taste as well. I wouldn't eat here again.
4	I think the food is good and the service top notch.  I would send my friends to this location.  We have eaten here several times.
2	I was disappointed with the food.  I havent been to a La Parrilla Suiza since I left Tucson in 93 and I had hoped this would be what I remembered.  I even drove way out of the way just to have good experience but it was not good.  It was pretty bland and boring.  The chips were good and the service was o.k. even though the server forgot the beans I ordered but after I got the food had a couple bites I was already over it and didnt care about the beans anymore.  Wish I could find a good Mexican joint!
2	Not very impressed. The food was ok, but I have had better at other local eateries. I guess my expectations were set so high that I was expecting the WOW factor, and it definitely did not deliver.  Probably won't return, just because there are so many other good choices.
2	My work was offering discounts for this restaurant and since I had been here roughly 5 years ago, and loved it, I thought it would be fun to take my boyfriend here for dinner. So I purchased one of the gift certificates being offered and we visited the Mesa location last night. Unfortunately, it seems the food and quality has really plummeted since my last visit. Service was subpar. While our server did get us everything we needed in a timely manner she wasn't friendly at all. She seemed bored and almost put off by having to even be there. The food was...eh. I'm pretty sure our second bowl of chips were left over's from another table. When we first arrived we were given a bowl of very warm chips. As we ran out I watched a manager clear off a table from customers who has just left but they had a full bowl of chips on the table. I watched the manager walk back to the kitchen and within a minute or so our server walked out with a bowl of chips. When I grabbed one it was cold. This tells me the chips on our table didn't come from the same place as the first bowl of warm chips. We didn't touch anymore chips. I'm 100% sure that the shrimp I was given was frozen, and then possibly microwaved. It definitely wasn't freshly cooked shrimp as it was bland, and rubbery. The refried beans are unquestionably canned instead of made fresh. They had that same dry texture and metal taste as the canned variety. My boyfriends carne asada burrito was just that; cooked beef wrapped in a tortilla. No salsa, no sour cream or beans, no onions, no peppers or tomatoes. Nothing was in this tortilla except for cooked beef. I've never seen a burrito that didn't have any other elements to it other than meat. It was strange. We tried the fried ice cream for dessert and they didn't even bother to crush the corn flakes, they just stuck them onto the ice cream whole before slightly frying. Since the cornflakes didn't fry all the way this gave it a terrible, thick, and yet almost stale type of texture. It looked very appealing but it truly was a disappointment compared to other fried ice creams I've had. Had it not been for the $25 off we would have definitely complained to the manager. We won't be going back nor will we purchase anymore coupons from my work for this restaurant. Quality and service is just too low compared to the prices they have listed. There are better Mexican restaurants around to choose from.
1	Disappointed. 6 of us, started out ok, service went from ok to horrible. Halfway thru the meal we couldn't find wait staff, or management. Then a glass shattered and reception gave us a mop then hunted for help to clean up. Took 5 minutes. They never cleaned the table of shattered glass, nor did management check on us. Mind you the restaurant was maybe 20% full on a Saturday night, so crowds weren't a problem. They added 15% to the bill, and for the first time ever, we wanted it taken off. then again, management was missing. Can't even relate to the food, the experience was so bad.
1	So, I Order The "Side Fish Taco"  For 3 bucks, When it came I was like ok cool they give you a good amount for 3 buck so I asked "this is the side taco right" she said "yes that's why is doesn't come with rice or beans" They Where not good at all to be honest I didn't even them or take the rest to go and I very rarely leave food. So the bill came it was 12 bucks. So I said "I order the side for 3 dollars why is it 12 bucks" (Keep in mind I pointed at the menu and said my order twice to make sure She understood me.)  She said "O I thought you order something else" and what ever she thought I said wasn't even on the menu. So I will never go back to this place waist of money and time
5	Fantastic food and attentive service.  Every time we visit the valley we make a point to eat here a time or two.  My favorite dish is the #42. Wonderfully done steak, tangy chorizo, and melting cheese all on your own wood-fired serving tray.  This with great tortillas and their El Charro beans makes the perfect meal that I dream of when I'm away!  Mexico City style Mexican food gets no better than this!
5	Best Chicken Mole in the WORLD!!!  Needs to be on your Bucket List.
4	We met a couple of friends here as a halfway point and will definitely return.  We sat at a booth in the bar (we were the only ones in the bar area) and I was thrilled to see they offered Tacate LIGHT which is a hard find even in most Mexican restaurants!  My husband ordered a margarita which was just okay.  On my girlfriend's recommendation, I ordered the number 48 with chicken..Corn tortillas with chicken, green peppers, onions, and bacon (which at first I thought sounded odd but the flavors together were delicious.)  Their rice and beans were pretty no nonsense but good.  I heard that this is a Little Mexico style type of joint and that their spicy factor is quite low.  The service was pretty good and I thought the prices were fair.
4	We went in for a birthday dinner with my family last weekend.I would say overall it was a good experience.  The queso dip was great and the entire table seemed happy with their meals.A couple concerns though - they were promoting specials on the table, but when I attempted to order the special of the night,  they told me that Friday and Saturday were excluded. (not stated on table topper)Also, gratuity was included to our party of 6, but I was not informed of this.  I always think it is best practice to tell the customer.I will be back, hopefully next time will be a 5 Star experience.
4	If you grew up on the west side of town and your family had any knowledge of decent Mexican food, you definitely know La Parrilla Suiza on 35th Avenue and Peoria. Luckily for a childhood friend and I, we were able to find one on this side of town. Let me preface this with saying the atmosphere is much more open than the original La Parrilla - you will never sit by the kitchen and sweat like can happen in Phoenix. Then the food. I have always loved their food - mostly the parrilladas - the large skillets with meat, cheeses, and vegetables, but I wasn't too hungry that day since we had already eaten the queso fundido with mushrooms, and a staple you can never miss: the chips with the tray of salsas to choose from. I ordered a small chicken quesadilla ... that is not what it was really called, but I can't recall the name. As usual, the food was great. The cheese was amazing, the tortillas even better, and the charro beans amazing. Trying to get out of the Mexican food funk? Try La Parrilla and I guarantee you and your family will be going there 16 years later like I am.
4	I thought it high time that I do a review for this restaurant. The staff is very attentive, the manager comes by to make sure all is well. The atmosphere and music is very lovely. And the food...  I have brought extended family here several times and the food is A-M-A-Z-I-N-G!  It is one of me and my daughter's favorite places to come and feast.  The only complaint I have is that the water and tea taste bad. Tap water is no good. So we always buy a soda or margarita!I do recommend this place... and definitely try the Chicken Enchilada Suiza with Green sauce!!!
4	I worked here as a hostess for a little over 2 years and never got sick of the food! Talk about real authentic Mexican food! Garcia's, Serrano's, and Macayo's have nothing on this spot. When you first sit down, you get served chips with 3 different salsas (the green is my fave!). The green chili enchilada sauce is amazing and the tortilla soup makes for a great hangover remedy! They also have great combination plates and parrilladas! For dessert, I would definitely recommend the sopapillas with honey! Part of me wishes I could still eat their food every day! I give them 4 stars only because they got rid of the weekend mariachi group.
2	Been going to this establishment for years; since 1987.  Albeit mostly the original location in NW Phoenix, but I have been to this Mesa location 4 times.  This restaurant is going downhill.  Food is getting worse and the portions smaller.  Further, customer service sucks!  Although the prices are reasonable, the food is mediocre at best.  You are better off eating at the food courts of the Mexican oriented grocery markets - at least the foods there are more authentic and tasty.
2	Went here with my wife and asked the waiter what the 3 most popular menu items were and ordered both. The food was terribly bland and unforgettable. I did enjoy the live music and the ambiance was nice. However, I only go back to restaurants for the food and service and this place lost it on the food.
5	OH   MY   GAWD   ! ! !Fantastic Mexican food!! I was raised on Mexican food and this is some of the best if not the best I have ever had and the portions were huge! The beans are usually something I can pass on but the charro beans taste like they were cooked all day with a ham hock, soooo delicious!! All the food was crazy flavorful and cooked to perfection! Also our server, Enrique, was very friendly, prompt and knowledgable went the extra mile.  Everything about our experience here was perfect!We will be back again and again.
1	We went here for a family dinner and left very disappointed. The place seemed very dingy, unkept - when we finally got our food, I didn't even eat mine. It was not the most pleasant burro I've had, to put it kindly. - for the price you could get much better quality food elsewhere. Would not reccomend going here, unfortunately!!
1	Never even made it to order and try the food before my four year old noticed bugs of some sort on the window sill to the kitchen I'm completely disgusted and will never even try this place ... There's never a good reason for bugs it's just unacceptable
5	It was recommended by my family. Being raised on mexican food and being mexicano..let me just say the food was awesome and authentic.i ordered the enchiladas con mole and was very pleased the mole tasted just like homemade. It was also the first time we went in and our waiter comped us our drinks!! A few beers for free thank you!  Definitely going to be heading back to this joint. Pretty much estaba muy rico.
5	I guess I get the 1 star for myself, for never coming back to give an update.  It has been several years since my first visit, but I have been back several times, and every time is a great experience.  Service is excellent, and you cant beat that trio salsa. Haven't been disappointed once. This is our go to mexican restaurant when we can't decide.
5	awesome food!
1	Sweet baby Jesus! This was the blandest, poorly served Mexican food in the valley. The meat in the "mixta" was a unflavored mess. The waitress saw we ate very little and could of cared less. Old Taco Bell leftovers would have been a treat compared to this experience.
2	Our group reserved a large number of tables, and for the number of people we had dining at once, the waiting staff did an awesome job. Decor was great, fast service, top notch customer care. With that being said......I really, really, REALLY was disappointed with my food. The chips and salsa are great, but I ordered one of the "Favorite" enchilada plates, and couldn't force myself to finish it. My friend ordered the  la parrilla dish so I snagged a quick bite. The chorizo was really spicy and the steak was good, so I must have just gotten the bad luck of the draw with ordering something new.All in all, I wouldn't mind coming back, but this time I know to order whatever food that the restaurant is named after.
1	My wife and I have always been a loyal customers of your Mesa location overthe past several years.  We frequent your restaurant when ever we can.  It has been a while since we have been out to eat due to the economy like everyone else but when out of town guests was here about 2 weeks they wanted goodMexican food so of course we went to La Parrilla Suiza in Mesa.  What happened?When we arrived at your restaurant at about 6:00 pm on a Saturday evening we noticed that there were absolutely zero cars in the parking lot.  We surely thought that this cannot be a good thing.   We were the only customers inside.  We were so embarrassed over the food.  The quality of the food was extremely bad, so bad that no one in out group was able to finish their meals.  When we complained to both the server first and then we asked for the manager and complained to him and neither one seemed to care.  The manager actually said that was too bad that we did not like it and that other people usually do not complain.  "REALLY".  That's all you can say?  Two of our orders we had to send back to correct the problems (which they didn't) and that is all you can come up with?  Sooo sad.  I even made a comment that now I can understand why the restaurant was empty at 6:00pm on a Saturday evening.  The manager just shrugged his shoulders, turned and actually walked away.  The quantity of the food was not there either and the prices was too high for the what there was.  We do not mind paying a fair price for a good meal but the quality and value is no longer there.  After we ate our meals and spending a nearly $100.00 at this sorry excuse of a restaurant we were all still hungry so we decided to try Someburros Mexican restaurant across the street and for a fraction of the price our meal was excellent.  We thought that Someburros is where we should have gone to first.  It was just overall better quality of food at a great price.  Too bad, we will miss going to La Parrilla Suiza.  Now we know why both the parking lot and the restaurant were empty.And to the server and manager who just "blew us off".  As the old saying goes, "IF I HAVE A GREAT EXPERIENCE I WILL TELL 10 PEOPLE, FOR A BAD EXPERIENCE I WILL TELL 1,000".  Guess which one you fall under...
2	Not impressed. The food was not very flavor full and the service was slow and non existent. We couldn't get out waitresses attention so my husband went to order a drink at the bar. There were 4 people behind the bar washing dishes and even looked up at him and didn't see of he needed assistance. This is not what I am used to from a Mexican restaurant. You don't get what you pay for.
4	This place is always in the rotation for lunch or dinner... I've had consistently good food and service every time I've been here, and the prices are pretty reasonable too.  In addition to the staff being totally cool and welcoming, the manager is always walking around and asking how things are going.  Definitely nice to know they care about their customers' experience... I think the only negative is that I wish they had some craft beers to go with the awesome food, but that's a pretty minor thing.  Plus their cadillac margaritas are really good, so it more than makes up for it.  In short, great place and I will undoubtedly be back many times...
4	First time here but confused about the bad reviews. Some people are just too hard to please I guess. Service was excellent and everything on my plate was robust with flavor. I had the Mar Y Tierra which was pretty damn good. The charro beans had some awesome spices I couldn't quite peg. The salsa trifecta was VERY good. I'll be coming back next time in town. I enjoyed the friendly staff.
1	My family went here yesterday for lunch. All though the salsa was ok, that's where it ends!!!  I got a chicken chimichanga. The chicken tasted straight out of a can. Also, I could not eat the tortilla and the sauce they put over the top. I took 1 bite and it tasted terrible. Something was WAY off. My husband got the fish tacos. They literally looked like frozen fish sticks on top of a corn tortilla. Long story short, today has been a miserable day with what seems to be food poisoning!!! Never Ever going back!
5	Some of the best Mexican food you can get!   My family and I come here regularly and it is always great!   They have the best tortilla soup, homemade tortillas, and awesome alambre tacos.  Service was a little slow,  but they made up for it by giving us free dessert, fried ice cream,  YUM!
1	always a bad experience, chips and salsa suck. portions are small and taste is bad. service is decent
4	First time here. I had the chicken enchiladas with green sauce and wow the chicken was amazing! I was caught off guard with the color but the manager was walking by and he explained it's how cooked. The meal is large in portion. Highly recommend. I did get up to go out side because it was extremely cold and the manager quickly came over and said I didn't like it he would get me something. That's great customer service and very happy to see they take action in pleasing their customers. Will be back:)
5	Amazing. Food was excellent and affordable, and the waiter that served us was fantastic. Atmosphere was also great. Two thumbs way up (and five stars).
5	We traveled far to eat here sine the one in Paradise Valley closed. Try the #17 or the #15 those combos are great.
1	Gross...got the carna asada steak, so bland...it was just a bad quality piece of meat and not marinated nor seasoned.  Also had a quie a bid of fat on it which carne usually doesn't.
5	Excellent in every possible way.  Portion size perfect, service fast and polite, food fabulous!!!
5	My family loves it here.  We started out at the Tatum location, and then moved to Mesa.  We were so excited to find this location close to us.  Anytime we fell like having Mexican food this is our go to place.  Every on the menu is good.  Staff have always been super nice.  The manager usually comes around to make sure everything is going well.
1	BEWARE- I had dinner there a few nights ago and they increased the amount of the tip on my credit card.  I like their food, but I will never go there again if I cannot trust that they are an honest business. Shame!
1	Food was not good at all I got the tacos and enchiladas both were cold when they came out my kids got the quesadillas and those were also gross I will never be back here
5	This is the best Mexican food I have ever had. Their chips and salsas are great! They serve three types at a time. Another big plus ia their service is FAST. After you order you blink and there is your food! My favorite place to eat :)
1	Since when do they charge you for chips and salsa?! To top it off, ordered a bean and cheese tostada. The waitress returned to inform us that we can't order a tostada because it's on the lunch menu and it's dinner time. We asked to then just order an al a carte tostada (we are at a mexican restaurant right?!). I was then told by the manager that they can't make a tostada (mind you they offer it for lunch) because he doesn't know what to charge. So I suggested he make up a reasonable price as we just want 1 tostada. He said he would make it for us just this once but never again. Oh great. Thank you.
