5	Whilst it may be just another branch of Boots, it did prove to be a bit of a lifesaver the other day, when the fact that I'm allergic to more or less everything came back to haunt me on a jaunt through town.The uncontrollable sneezing, the constant itch, the wheezing and the closing up of my throat were all just as unpleasant as every other time I've had the misfortune of running into some pollen or dust, but knowing Boots was there, with nasal sprays and tablets galore, prevented too much panic.Within minutes, I'd had a good few hits on the spray and a couple of tablets, and felt just as good as a heroin addict does when the brown stuff hits  their bloodstream. All hail Boots, surely the most reassuring sight on the British High Street.
2	Show me someone who hates Boots and I'll show you a man that can walk on water. Everybody loves Boots!! How can you not?Their points system was revolutionary to the market at the time, and still is! I collect all my points throughout the year by making relatively small purchases (such as the amazing meal deal) regularly and can afford to buy most of my Christmas presents with the points I've collected. It just means that my brothers are going to get new razors every year, but hey!!Their meal deal is completely brilliant too - a sandwich, drink and snack for less than it would cost you to get to work in the morning. Result!!This aside, I don't really like this branch. I find the St James' centre really intimidating so avoid it where I can. There are nicer branches! Plus, because it's quite central there are never any sandwiches left! boo!
4	This is a great Boots for the basics, with super friendly and helpful staff, especially at the pharmacy. Its convenient location and friendly staff outweigh its somewhat small size and corresponding selection.
3	Pretty good pharmacy service. They never tell me they are out of whatever medicine I need. Smaller branches of Boots have this problem at times. They have a great selection of cosmetics, toiletries and nostrums for sale but prices are generally better elsewhere. Stand out products are the Boots own brand skincare lines and their cheaper make-up line called 17.
