4	Disagree with post from 12/23This place is the closest to authentic you can find. The mole sauce is excellent and the patio in the warm weather is a great place to chill on a nice night. BYOB or go across the street pick up a sixer or two.They will keep your beer cold for you, bring some wine and they will also mix up some sangria for ya!!
5	Great prices, homemade food.  I am happy with my experiences at Taco Loco
2	Ah Taco Loco, how the mighty have fallen. This restaurant has bounced around from location to location more over the past few years than, well, a mexican jumping bean(?). As of Jan 08, they moved to a much more conspicuous place on East Carson St. They somehow became co-joined so to speak with some dumpy little bar called the Mill Tavern. I suspect it was so they could split the cost of a liquor license.So for those of you keeping score at home, there are 2 strikes:1. They are no longer BYOB.2. The best thing about their previous location on Jane St was the huge, awesome outdoor courtyard. Now that they're on Carson, that's gone.And unfortunately this loser of a restaurant struck out looking. The 3rd and final strike:3. The food blows. I think the other reviewers are right, cheap, not-so-fresh ingredients = bad food.Do yourself a favor, if you want truly awesome, authentic Mexican, head downtown to Mexico City on Smithfield St (and a new location on Wood St). They know what's up when it comes to good food.
2	If you're in the Southside Works area and you're craving Mexican, you're better off heading to Qdoba. Taco Loco was very disappointing -- subpar margaritas (definitely not worth $7), less than fresh ingredients, and inflated prices.  We received our food quickly, but that's because my friend and I were the only ones in the restaurant. Also, in addition to the tacky decor, there was a gigantic TV blaring what I assume was a Spanish version of Beavis and Butthead. To call the atmosphere "unique" would be generous.
3	I had lunch here yesterday and the place was pretty empty which is usually not a good sign.  We sat at the bar and the service was friendly and prompt.  The space itself is really odd, because it's located now in the old mill site tavern with old black and white pics of steel workers next to tacky mexican decorations.  I ordered three tacos, the chicken taco was pretty good but not memorable.  All three were served on really good authentic corn tortillas.  The chorizo was really good served with a little lemon.  My favorite by far was the seasoned pork served with plenty of cilantro and a few chunks of pineapple.  These tacos are authentic, which means pretty small all three would equal about 1/2 of a mad mex burrito.  My friend had the chicken burrito, which he said was very good.  Their salsa with  the chips was spicy and crisp.  This is a decent lunch spot, probably wouldn't spend my evenings here however.  Overall, a good 2nd choice to El campesino for real mexican food.  I'd give it four stars, but I believe it's a bit overpriced especially the drinks.  They charge $2.50 for a bottled water??
2	I went on a Friday night. The adjacent bar was closed at 9pm, so we were offered soda. That was disappointing because I do enjoy a margarita when I go out for a dinner of Mexican food. This is especially odd because of their location on Carson St. Overall, I have to say my experience at Taco Loco was just okay. I liked the salsas that came with the tortilla chips, but the chips themselves were a bit stale. The green sauce and chocolate mole were tasty but nothing to write home about. I'll go back for a lunch of tacos. Dinner was too quiet and the entrees seemed overpriced. Their saving grace is the sheer quantity of food that is served on a plate. If you go for dinner, go hungry.
2	I was not that impressed.  Went here for dinner a few months ago; the place was dead but was very loud due to the TV.  Service was good however, and the waiter was friendly when he wasn't sitting around watching TV.  The food was fine, but as other posters have said tasted like cheap ingredients.  It's along the lines of "authentic" cheap Mexican food, however, and it wasn't all that cheap.  I've worked in various places in Mexico for over 6 months, and the food here costs $3 or less in Mexico.  They do supposedly have tacos al pastor, but I have not yet tried them; I am assuming they're nothing at all like Mexico pastor, but I'm willing to go back and try it out.
3	Had the enchiladas verdes which were surprisingly edible, although what's the deal with the sad looking shredded iceberg lettuce in this city? I've been sorely disappointed with Mexican food in general in Pittsburgh, and while this wasn't up to the standard I was used to in California, it was "decent." The salsa was sufficiently spicy and I'd even venture to say it was "good." Drinks are also served here, but they come on a separate receipt... Service was also decent; I'd go back here again & give it a second try.
4	I have eaten here many times, at all past/present locations, and i've always had good experiences.  My family has even chosen this place for special occasions over all the other restaurants in southside (and yes, we've tried 80% of them).I usually go for the enchiladas verdes, but have tried a good portion of the menu.  and i love the homemade salsas.I will admit the new location isn't as fun, and the merging with the divebar is a little offputting; however, i believe food quality is the most important part, and in my opinion, it's delicious.  I find it odd that Taco Loco's yelp ratings are so low considering how much i really do enjoy it.
1	I tried Taco Loco one Saturday afternoon a few months ago when I had one of my very rare, but very strong Mexican cravings (which really has more to do with having an early afternoon margarita then it does the cuisine).   The first offputting feature of this restaurant was the fact that I had to request, and then was subsequently charged, for what ended up being the most unimpressive set of chips and salsa I've ever had.  Since I wasn't impressed with the salsa, I ordered the guacamole hoping it would be better.  But to my great surprise,  I discovered what is likely the only guacamole on earth that does not make me want to grab a spatula and clean the bowl.  It is very difficult to spoil guacamole for me, but they did it with the garlicky-smokey-not quite sure if it's supposed to taste that way or not-flavor.  I was very sad about my chips and salsa/guacamole experience since that's usually my favorite part of "Mexican dining".  Well, that and the margaritas.  The tacos were equally questionable as the guac. I believe I ordered the carnitas tacos and something about them was just....off.  Another reviewer mentioned old, wilted lettuce and I experienced the same thing, which just makes you wonder about the rest of the ingredients.  My husband ordered fish tacos and wasn't impressed either.  After tasting my carnitas tacos, I was really glad I hadn't ordered fish tacos.  That just seems like something that doesn't come out right too often, and here it could have been scary.   As for the margarita, nothing sticks out in my mind other than the fact that I only ordered one, which probably means it was just, eh.  :-)  We won't be back here.  There is now a much tastier, albeit "chainier", Mexican restaurant serving up scrumptious salsa, tasty tacos and mouthwatering margaritas right across the street.
5	it's such a shame this place shut down.  I always always always enjoyed their tacos!!!
