5	Bcn has locations in Henderson and southwest. I attend both meetings on a regular basis to meet other business owners. We get breakfast, meet 20-40 people each meeting, and also get useful business training, all for 10 dollars. If you are looking for access to local businesses and referrals, stop by and meet a nice group of people.
5	I have gone to both meeting locations.  Great group of people!  Run very well and organized.  Has great education topics at every meeting and all for $10.  There is a meet and greet time before and after as well!
5	I have been attending the Southwest meeting for the past 6 months. I found the meetings very helpful to my business, Chicagoans In The Desert, LLC.  So much so, that I introduced three of my business members to BCN.  Becky and her staff are friendly and always show a true and honest desire to help you grow your business.
5	A great group with phenomenal speakers & wonderful opportunities to promote your business. Four locations around the valley - I attend Thu AM at 730 in the southwest - come join us!
5	If you are looking for a networking group that contains great business owners that truly care about each others success than look no further than BCN, Becky Stonebarger's efforts to build one of the preeminent networking groups in the city is remarkable. You want an opportunity to showcase your business in front of a large group, this is it. In addition to great camaraderie, there is always a 15 minute training aspect to every meeting. I cant believe this such an affordable group, $10.00 for breakfast and then your done. Check out the 7:30am meeting at 215 and Rainbow every Thursday!!!
5	I started attending this network meeting back in November 2013.  I quickly became a regular at the meetings when I experienced the shared passion each of the business people have for what they are doing.  I love the "learning" aspect of the speakers that spend their time with us as well as the great opportunity to hear more in depth from the actual business owners during their commercial time.  There are 4 groups that meet around the valley for convenience.  I attend the Thursday morning meeting from 7:30-9:30AM at the Holiday Inn on Rainbow & 215.  It's only $10 a meeting when you can attend.  No nickel and diming members with silly fines.  Just business people who want to help each other grow their business.I encourage those reading this review to make it a point to come visit us for a meeting and you will get hooked!  Thanks Becky!
5	I've been a member of this networking group for a couple of months now and I've already done successful business with some of the members.  I really like being able to have an opportunity to do a 30-second commercial every time I attend, which really gives me brand recognition for my business and overall great practice for my "elevator speech."  I can tell that the leaders of this group are dedicated to the overall success of the members as they show that they care.  They attract a mature, professional crowd of business people that is there to genuinely help each other's business.  I see alot of value in being a part of this club and plan on continuing to attend weekly.
5	Becky is too notch (she's the founder) and I've quite enjoyed all the great members I've gotten to know.Thanks for great events!- Jase
5	BCN Is an excellent networking group. There are several locations in Vegas to choose from. So no matter what side of town you live in you can find a meeting. All the members seem to really try to help build each others businesses. Becky Stonebarger has done a great job.Thanks Becky
5	Thankfully a friend of mine took me to my first meeting about 2-3 months ago and i can honestly say this is the best group i have ever been apart of! The people here are absolutely amazing, warm and caring. They have multiple locations and always very welcoming. Listening to the various guest speakers and soaking up the information is one of the best reasons to attend a BCN meeting.
5	I never participated in a formal networking group before and was very surprised with the high caliber and diversity of the members.  I have been to all three locations and have made great connections at each one.  Not only have I met business people that need my services, I have also met people that who provide services that I have needed.  Great job BCN!
5	I have only been to this networking group twice as a guest and I have already gotten referrals.  After seeing all of the great benefits that come with membership (such as radio spots and commercials)  I joined as a full time member this morning.  I really like the focus that is put on getting to know you and what your business is.  This isn't a coffee club.
5	Becky & Dave are a good team. The meetings are always friendly as well as informative. I owe a lot of my companies success this year to this group. Thanks Vern Rettig
5	I've been coming to BCN for the last year and it is amazing how much my business has grown direct result with my activity with BCN. The people are committed to doing business with those people that share same values of integrity and fair play. Any person whose who wants to meet a group of professionals that will help in that process share best practices and support them I would highly recommend visiting BCN.
5	I have a service based business  and have been to many networking meetings.  This is a great value for your time and the cost is just a small fee for breakfast.  Becky is a very warm  professional business women who makes even a first timer feel comfortable speaking in front of a group of "strangers"
5	After growing weary of checking out 6 networking events, was I relieved when I walked into the Henderson BCN meeting in July. Nobody was shoving business cards at me and weren't trying to sell me something! How refreshing.They wanted to know about me as a person. Two people scheduled one on ones with me my first meeting. And they really just wanted to get to know me as a person. I love that.It's the best decision I've made for my business. Becky is passionate about her business and it shows.Come and join us!
