2	I've been teetering between giving this place 1 or 2 stars, but I'm ultimately going with 2 because I can say that it probably could have been worse...The entire facility needs to be renovated. The first room I was given was on the 3rd floor. It was so gross that I was planning on sleeping in a sweatshirt. The bathroom... omg... the sink was broken, filled with rust stains, and the hot water didn't turn on. The mirror was cracked, as was the floor tiles. The bathtub was TINY, and it was so nasty. It had deep rust stains, thick soap scum (like as if it hasn't been cleaned), and multiple hairs stuck all over. There was also a roach behind the toilet. The bed area was dingy - only one light worked, old box tv, dust all over (like thick and visible), and it looked like something out of a 1970's horror film. I called down to the front desk and asked if some of the rooms have been renovated. She said no, but she said I was welcome to come down and look at some other rooms. I did that and ended up on the first floor. The room was far from nice (and good luck sleeping with the street noise outside), and it was not renovated either, but it was MUCH cleaner and brighter than the first room. Once we settled in I turned on the air conditioning unit. Within a few minutes it started to smell. This was not like a musty, old smell. This was like a smell that was somewhere between sardines and a dirty c*otch (sorry, but that's the truth). So we turned off the air and let the smell clear. Then at night the noise started. Apparently the walls are VERY thin (so thin that they actually have a sign outside asking people to be quiet at night because they know people can hear). Let's just say that the couple staying next to us seemed to really enjoy the hour between midnight and 1am. At one point I started banging a water bottle against the wall, but then I just heard them giggle and then carry on 10 seconds later.The breakfast buffet was nothing special. The eggs were nasty and rubbery, so I didn't eat those. The oatmeal looked super bad, and they didn't have anything to put in it. So if you are into the pastry thing then you will do fine here. That's about all that was palatable.On the plus side, the Internet worked, they have vending machines to get water, and the front desk staff knows the place is horrible and is pretty willing to try to help you out (although they can only do so much ...).
3	Stayed here for three days over a holiday weekend.My travelling buddy picked the hotel and booked two rooms for us.Overall, it was a perfectly acceptable place to stay.-- Rooms were clean and spacious. Not super updated or anything, but perfectly fine. We stayed on the 5th floor in a small 'wing' that only had 4 rooms in it and there was a couch outside our rooms.--VERY close to the Metro which is great, since it is not right downtown.-- A kosher deli, and a couple bars within walking distance if you want to start or end your night close to the hotel.--Felt very safe in the neighborhoodCultural note: The neighborhood seemed primarily Hasidic Jewish. I don't mention this because I personally care one way or other, but I found it rather interesting since I don't know much about that particular culture. If you are looking for a cost-effective place and are ok with taking the Metro downtown - recommend!
5	Hey I was staying at this hotel one time and it was nice. I was sleeping there over night and then I left the next morning and after a few hours we noticed my phone was missing. I was like where is my phone!??!?! So I went back to the hotel and I'm like hey do you guys seen my iPhone? They are like hey we were just trying to call you and then we were like we can't call you because we have your phone. And I was like oh yay you have my phone and they were like ya we were trying to call you!! And I was like hey. We were surprised they were so honest to give me back my phone. They were also very nice to us even before we lost the phone so we were very happy we stayed there and not somewhere else... Five stars!!!
3	Checked in here with ethe family for a couple of nights while attending a wedding.  I used priceline's best deal to pick up our. Room for $65 per night. We confirmed our room of 2 queen beds and requested a rollaway cot abt 7 hours before our arrival.  Upon arrival the front desk manager told us that for that rate we'd be in a small room with 1 queen bed....not really going to happen wit a wife and 4 kids, so after much cajoling, we were upgraded to a suite which is essentially one big room with 2 beds, 1 bathroom and a partition down the middle to create a private space with a sofa, tv kitchenette and table.   Not that I'm complaining that we got this room at the same rate as our original reservation because we needed the space. Unfortunately the elevator only goes to the fourth floor so we had to lug our gear up 2 flights of stairs to finally get to our room. Parking, Internet and breakfast is free, which is always great. Te restaurant is certified Kosher by the MontreAl Vaad which is awesome for a kosher traveller. I'll be writing a separate review of Le Grill so check that our. The pool is in the basement along with the fitness room. GE pools depth is about 3 feet so if you have young kids, you don't have to supervise them as much because they can touch the bottom. Also the pool temperature is very warm (unusual for hotel pools) so that even our 15 month old could go in without a problem. The rooms have updated finishes, but hey,this is a 2 star hotel so don't expect everything to work properly the first time or have everything you need at your fingertips. Staff are friendly. But ere is not enough of them to meet every guest's need if there is a rush of people but they're trying there best. So if you need a Kosher option in the Jewish area of Montreal or are looking for a modestly price option in midtown Montreal without the "frills". This is the place for you. If you're traveling on business and are used to certain styles and amenities then this is not the place for you. I'd cm back with my family, but wouldn't stay here if I was working downtown.
