5	Hate buying swimwear?  Clueless like me and show up to Vegas without a bikini? Problem solved,ladies!  See Toni and Sharon.   They were awesome. They took one look at my body type and the swimsuits came fast and furious.  No guilt given for trying on suit after suit either.  "Try it on,honey!". Toni says while Sharon stands by smiling with more suits in her hands.  Seriously these ladies must love their job. Oh...and there is a decent selection for guys, too.  The best part?  Honest "girlfriend like" advice when a suit was well, not right.  But not a negative word, just: "here honey.  Try this on instead.". Thanks, Toni and Sharon.
5	Forgot my swimsuit on my first trip to Las Vegas, quick search of nearby stores carrying swimsuits revealed Bikini Bay... Very convenient since I was staying at the Aladdin (where Planet Hollywood currently resides). At the time I used to use one piece swimming suits (GASP) the staff at the store not only convinced me to try on a two piece, but actually brought me a whole bunch that fit my body type. Did I mention I hate buying swimwear? Did I mention my bra size had me thinking a two piece would be impossible for me to wear? Turns out I was looking heavier and frumpy in a once piece. With all the choices I was offered, tried on and loved, it was hard making a selection, I ended up walking out with two swimsuits for my two day trip!I love this store so much, it was my first stop on my second trip to Vegas!Now that I think of it, I want to go back....
4	The people who work there and the help they provide are well worth the 5 stars!  However if you are size 15 and above, I suggest look somewhere else for their sizes stop at 16 (which is supposedly x-large) but are on the small side even so. They have a great variety of wear (minus women's long surf board shorts) and great service, but their store isn't stocked for every size and body type.
3	We were the 2nd set of customers inside. No greeting whatsoever by the single female employee at the counter. (My husband commented negatively as we were exiting, and that's when she acknowledged our existence- she looked up, I think she was reading or something.)Sure, I was just browsing, getting ideas. I wanted to check out the swim coverups. Found some at $59, priced cheaper than the Everything But Water store @ the Fashion Show, however, they were mostly polyester, and that's not what I want. I'm looking for cotton or light gauze types. A few cute prints. And they were about knee-length or calf-length, too. Saw some swim separates (the tops) for $49.99 a piece. Mostly bikinis (OK, I know as the name suggests), not many tankinis (I prefer tankinis, I'm a little conservative when it comes to showing skin). Also has activewear, but seeing as this is a specialty shop, prices are a little steep. Very cramped inside as the racks are jam-packed; very hard to navigate the stroller. Even if I didn't have the stroller, I'd feel a little claustrophobic, and I'm a petite woman.
5	Loved this place. It had a huge selection, even for a big chested gal like me. I wear a 38E and there was a lot of stuff to choose from. The staff is friendly and helpful and give suggestions that really are on point. The girl there convinced me to try on my first bikini when I have traditionally stuck to far more conservative and covered styles. I looked so much better in her picks than mine or my husband's it was startling. Since I need larger tops than bottoms, I love that you can mix and match as you need without having to pay extra.Next time I need a new suit I know where I am going!
3	I love that they exist.  I forgot to bring my swimsuit and I spent a good two days trying to find bathing suits.  On the third day we decided to go to Planet Hollywood and found this place.  The lady working was nice enough and helped me select some suits.I didn't end up getting any however, since I'm top heavy and their suits just did not seem to look right on me.  Plus the ones for my size (not sure if this is true for all of them) had a detachable strap which managed to detach while trying them on, so I was worried that it won't really stay put in pool.  I think if you're average or petite, you will like this place.  The suits I tried were around $100, but they were having a buy one get the other for half price.
5	this location has been open only for two years and in february,2014 has been closed! the location in planet hollywood, miracle mile shops is still open, since 2001. recently in may, 2014 another location has been opened in town square. please call 7026995597 for further information. thank you!
5	This is the best place in the WORLD (yeah I said it) WORLD to get DD & E size BIKINI tops. It's not all always easy to get these big breastesis covered up. I know when I come to Vegas that this is one of my 1st stops to stock up for the year. They are NOT  closed but located in Miracle Mile Mall at Planet Hollywood Hotel. NOT CLOSED!!!! 9/3/2014 *Also Caitlin is an excellent fitter and great sales associate. We went back today and my friend scored a great top too. An we ain't in itty bitty titty committee if you know what I mean.
