5	I had a very enjoyable lunch at Mother India last weekend. The idea of tapas-style Indian food is very appealing as you get to try a whole variety of dishes rather than just a couple of main courses. We split our choices between vegetable sand meat. A crispy chilli chicken dosa, standard chicken curry, mushroom bhaji and okra and potatoes. Unlike some asain restaurants they didn't seem afraid to put a bit of a spice kick into their food which was appreciated. As another reviewer points out ,you'll need at least one portion of rice per person as they are quite small but the great thijng about the tapas style is you can keep ordering until you've had your fill. Service was very friendly and food delivered promptly. I'd have no hesitation about a return visit.
4	Mother India had long been considered one of the best places to get a curry in Glasgow, so the decision to open a branch in Edinburgh was a good one. When the cafe opened in Edinburgh in 2008 the locals breathed a collective sigh of relief, finally an establishment had opened that put a new perspective on Indian food. The menu advises that you order 2 to 3 dishes per person and share everything tapas style; my favourite thing about going out for a curry is sampling what everyone else has ordered, and that's exactly what Mother India has capitalised upon. Everything is cooked to order and brought to your table as soon as it's ready. When dining with a large group of people, you easily forget how much you've ordered and the dishes just seem to keep on coming (which is no bad thing given how delicious it all is!). Highlights on the menu include the spiced haddock, which is cooked to perfection in tinfoil, and the butter chicken, a heavenly concoction that tastes so good it must be very very bad for you!The food here is tasty, the prices are cheap and the atmosphere is convivial - just make sure you come with a few friends, so you can sample as many dishes as possible
4	An Indian style tapas restaurant which although quite new is very popular with the locals. I really like this place just because I can order a selection of Indian foods and try a bit of a variety. However, if it's crowded (which is usually is) it gets very noisy, as the sound seems to bounce of the walls and celling. Our waiter was good, although if you have a small tolerance for very hot stuff do not go with their suggestions of medium- our was charmingly tearing up during my date.(so pretty with makeup down my cheeks- yes) On Friday's and Saturday evenings book in advance. It's reasonably priced as far as Edinburgh restaurants as well.
3	I was really excited about visiting Mother India in Edinburgh, considering the repute of Mother India in Glasgow and the established knowledge that the group's food has blown away a lot of people, not least the competition. The restaurant has a cute little premises on Infirmary Street, small, but perfectly formed and set around two levels, and with a good bit of room on the downstairs floor too.I appreciate the idea of Indian tapas is quite a novel one, or it certainly seems to be something you don't encounter often. Being a big fan of tapas and Spanish food, I do understand the attraction of having little snack size portions of quite a few dishes, and not limiting yourself to the one variety, which normally I would firmly approve of, considering my indecisive nature and food jealousy tendencies when other people are presented with their meal. As tasty as all the food here was, I found the tapas aspect a bit too much for me, with my palate unable to cope with the amount of different spices and Indian taste sensations it was being bombarded with. Perhaps I'm just inexperienced in this field, and need to give tapas Indian style more of a chance, but for now I'm sticking with my main Indian dish, rice, and naan. Feel free to call this boring, but it seems I'm old fashioned and stuck in my ways when it comes to certain types of food
4	Mother India is something different. Although at the time I didnt realsise there was a Mother India in Glasgow, when I was here recently, I knew I had found something a bit special.Set aside in a tiny fronted building, inside Mother India spans two floors and is a lovely mixture or traditional and more modern concepts when it comes to the decor. It's actually rather pleasing on the eye, and if I were able to bring a few scatter cushions and a bean bag, I would have a perfect chill out space. Anyway...The food here is something different - its kind of like the bastard love child of Spain and India - a selection of tiny portions designed to be eaten Tapas style, but from a very indian menu. The concept actually work very well - the food is not only excellent, but by ordering lots of dishes everybody gets a taste of what they fancy without suffering from food envy.There is, depending on what combination of food you order, a overpowering sense of flavour which may be unpleasent to some peoples tastes, however, anything that manages to put a modern spin on Indian food is good with me. It also helps that I love tapas. So, "Yay! I'm a fan."
3	I first noticed Mother India's Cafe when sitting in cafe Nero across the road, looking out. It looked interesting so I had to try it.This Indian Restaurant certainly is a bit different. As the others have suggested, it isn't just another takeaway or Indian buffet house, but a tapas style restaurant where you can sample many dishes. In this respect Mother India's Cafe earns points for being different.I did enjoy the food here at Mother India's Cafe but I more enjoyed the tea. The latter was quite exciting, the former, for all its ingenuity, wasn't as great as I had hoped. I also have to agree with Fiona about the setting. Inside it is rather too bland and formal and I didn't feel overly relaxed.At the same time the waiter was very friendly and the pricing was average. Not a bad Indian restaurant with a novel idea, but it could do with improving its atmosphere.
5	I was a bit leery of paying "tapas plate prices" for Indian food, but this was delicious and worth the small premium.  We did pay a wee bit more than we would've for a more traditional Indian menu.The aubergine (eggplant) fritters were amazing, the samosas were some of the best we've had, and the chicken tikka mahkni sauce was creamy, rich and the perfect blend of spicy & sweet.
5	Mother India's was my first experience of non-British Indian food. You know what I mean. Indian is indian, but us Brits have a way of doing it that makes it distinctly British-Indian. Creamy kormas, and don't forget the vindaloo. Don't get me wrong, this sort of Indian is nice, but it's all a little repetitive.Mother India's Cafe serve up far more authentic Indian food, in tapas style portions, which means you can order 2 or 3 different dishes to share in all the flavours and textures. And this can only be a good thing.The curries are absolutely delicious, and a million miles away from the standard "chicken tikka masala". My personal favourites are the aubergine and potato curry, channa dahl, ginger and chilli chicken, lamb pasanda...in fact it's all pretty damned good.They also do a takeaway service (although no delivery) and it's something I make use of frequently. Rather handily with the takeaway you can order a 'large' portion which is bigger than the tapas portions you get with sitin.I've only done takeaway from here so far, and everytime the food has been hot, hot, hot (both tasty hot, spicy hot, and sexy hot. Yep you heard me.)My only recommendation? Try it.
5	When I heard it was a Tapas style Indian restaurant it almost put me off but I am soo Glad I went Great food ,quick service and sensible price DO NOT MISS!!
5	Recently went to Mother India with my gang of friends. A friend of mine  thrown a party for his new job!..there is always a reason to celebrate !! We were 5 people and i have something in mind to order as all other guys were no idea about what to eat. It is a tapas style and not bad..spicy hot, good ambience, calm, relaxed. No problem to get the table. The staffs are friendly. We ordered nans, Kebabs, butter chicken, patina lamb, chicken tikka makhani...butter chicken particular was so tasty...wow..yes, we were so hungry ! offcourse some pints..it was about 80pounds and not bad..I find some this cafe particularly authentic in thier indian stuffs. btw its a tapas style so you can order other dishes too...All together it was a nice time..and yes..will visit again !!
5	Checked this out last night as i had a frined to meet in Edinburgh.   As good as it gets to be honest with regard to quality of food and authenticity of flavors.
4	Traditional, yet complex, a Tapas lover's Indian delight
4	I came to Mother India a few weeks ago with a bunch of friends who frequent this place often! We had a table booked for 9pm on a Saturday night.  We walked in and it was like a party (in the best way possible!) It smelled amazing in the restaurant so I was very excited.  There were six of us so we ordered a variety of dishes. It's tapas style so we shared everything. The food arrived almost immediately which was great for us. A stand out dish for me was the prawns grilled in a chilli sauce. Our server was very kind and helpful.  I think that this would be a great date spot. Some colleagues from work often order the takeaway on a Friday night - they do larger portions for this. However, one thing to note is that I didn't find the food to be particularly spicy (this can be a good thing if you have a less spicy palette!) I'm definitely a fan and will be back!
4	I'd passed by this place so many times but hadn't taken too much notice, but when a friend suggested going I was happy to try out a new place and I love tapas. I really enjoyed the food. There seemed to be a wide selection of food and the price was reasonable too. We probably ordered too much food (we each ordered 2 tapas to share among six of us as well as rice and naan bread) but we gave it a good go of eating as much as we could. They did forget two dishes and I did remind them of one dish (as I really wanted to try it) and they brought it straight away so it wasn't an issue. The food was fab, service was good and the food arrived quickly enough. I would definitely go back.
4	This is the only place in Edinburgh which reaches my expectations of home cooked food in the sub-continent. The place is very friendly, the staff is helpful and food is mesmerizing. I can not really criticize anything about this place. It is also relatively cheaper to a lot of nasty take away's in Edinburgh. The only thing I am confused about is how is this place cheap and nice at the same time.
5	One of the best Indians I've ever had, and I've had quite a few. The tapas idea is a great one as it allows you to try so much more without forking out for a whole dish
5	Definitely worth a visit if you're in Edinburgh. The butter chicken wasn't my favorite but still good. I would choose a different chicken dish next time though. The vegetable pakoras and saag paneer were both delicious. The saag paneer was spicy but nothing overwhelming. It had the perfect amount if heat. For good Indian food in Edinburgh this is the place to go.
4	3 of us came to the Mother India's Cafe for a well needed after work feed. I was quite intrigued about a tapas/small plate style Indian restaurant. Being one of my favorite cuisines I had been really looking forward to it all day; and it didn't disappoint! The restaurant looks like a cafe from outside. In fact, if there wasn't the amazing smell of Indian food coming from the place, you'd be forgiven for thinking it was a coffee shop. The decor inside is a little basic but it looks nice and it works really well. Between us we ordered 6 dishes and 2 rice. The stand out dishes for me were the Methi Keema Mutter which was delicious minces lamb with peas, and Aloo Gobi with Green Beans. Advertised as small plates, I expected small plates, but they were a really decent size. There was a little bit left in a few of our bowls/plates as we were all completely full. Mother India's Cafe do have some traditional curry dishes on the menu, but this isn't a tradition 'British' curry house; It is a brilliant adaptation of Indian cuisine.
5	Delicious bite sized portions, authentic Indian taste and good service. Enjoyed myself!
1	I am Indian, I know Indian food. This place is NOT the real deal- it is white-tified Pakistani food masquerading as Indian under the name "Mother India." I don't eat dairy, which is not an unusual custom in India. When we informed our waiter, he assured us he would be able to accommodate this. He went to the kitchen and came back to tell us that several dishes could be prepared dairy free and that he would take care of it. In the meantime, we trusted this and sat drinking our beers. 30 minutes later, another mysterious waiter tells us that actually only two dishes can be made without butter because almost everything at this restaurant is pre-made and sitting in the kitchen already (probably under heat lamps.) Had we known when we first sat down that they wouldn't be able to serve us a meal we would enjoy, we would have just left and understood --but by the time we were informed of their culinary incompetence, we were so starving and most other restaurants had closed- so we decided to see what they would prepare for us. What a mistake! We would have been better off leaving hungry.Needless to say, the service was horrendous- the waitstaff we encountered were a bunch of incompetent fools without a sense of professional hierarchy or really a manager at the restaurant to oversee at all. One random waiter emerged after the other- none of them consistently understanding our requests or giving us what we ordered. When the food did finally arrive, it all tasted the same- a slough of mush covered up with shallow turmeric/tomato/garam masala flavoring (probably from a packet.) When we expressed our disappointment and frustration, the waitstaff was at first mildly apologetic then we saw them laughing at us behind the bar. When our bill arrived there were several errors that had to be accounted for- when I asked to speak to a manager, two different waiters pointed to other random waiters which clearly weren't supervisors so we never had the chance to address our experience at this establishment.We will NEVER return, our stomachs ache and our wallets hurt. Mother India is a JOKE and is truly the kind of place that gringos that know nothing about Indian food eat at. It is also not a place you can eat at and trust- I assure you, even if you don't care about dairy in your food, what they are making in the kitchen isn't fresh- you would be much better off at your corner Indian deli. The concept of Indian "tapas" is just a way to serve you less and make more $. There are too many incredible dining options in Edinburgh to tolerate the mediocrity at "Mother India."
4	Good food!!Try their special lamb curry and chicken curry. (railway masala or something !)Authentic food and spicy!
4	Came here with four friends and split about 6 dishes, as recommended. I am used to getting massive portions when I get Indian and this tapas style was really nice because we were able to have a lot of variety, and there really is something for everyone. The food was overall nice enough that I recommended it to other friends, who also enjoyed their meals. Consider making a reservation as it can get quite busy all nights!
4	Honestly the best Indian food I've ever had. Just off of the Royal Mile, this place exceeded my expectations. The ambiance is very standard and generic, but the food is great! Fast service.
3	I came with a group of 4 and we ordered 6 dishes. It ended up costing about 9 pounds per person, which is certainly not bad for the quality of the food, but I wouldn't come here starving because we still weren't particularly full afterwards. I'm not sure Indian is really something to do tapas-style, but it still tasted amazing and I'd come back again.
