5	By far the best in the business here!  The laser hair removal technology used here is the latest and best of its kind.  JoEllen is not only a registered nurse but is well versed in her abilities.  She is a lovely person as well as a complete professional.  Her place is clean,  modern and very comfortable as well.  All the way around a great experience at a great price!  I highly recommend this superb place to anyone looking for the best laser hair removal experience and results.
5	Amazing knowledge, service and professionalism.  Have had a photofacial, laser hair removal and the Dermapen. ...  JoEllen is a sweetheart and makes you feel so comfortable and pampered.  I highly recommend her for ALL your specialized beauty services.  I promise you won't find anyone better!
5	I work in the beauty industry as well and I have been so impressed by JoEllen at Skin Sensations. i have been receiving laser hair removal services from JoEllen. Having had this service from a different company here in town, I can tell you Skin Sensations is the place to go. First, i love that she doesn't push some ridiculously long and expensive laser package. She gives you the option to pay per treatment or to do a small package of 4. Second, and this is a big one for me, JoEllen KNOWS her laser machine, therefore she starts the first treatment off as aggressively (but still safely) as she can so that results are achieved quickly. In 1 session with her, I kid you not, at least 60% of my hair  was gone already! Third, she is an RN and very knowledgeable, and possesses a very effective laser. And last, JoEllen is very sweet and professional and charges amazing prices for the high quality of service she provides. I plan to do the Vi Peel with her next! I would highly recommend Skin Sensations to any of my friends or clients. She's a wonderful addition to a town filled with sub-standard overpriced laser centers and med spas. Thank you JoEllen!!
5	I've been to a number of beauty establishments, dermatologists, etc, and this place beats them all. The staff is extremely knowledgeable and friendly. All staff come from a medical background (nursing, doctor, etc) and know what they are doing. I tried the  Dermapen and Botox. Very little redness from the Dermapen and the Botox did exactly what I wanted it to. This is my new place for beauty. Highly recommend.
5	After losing my aesthetician about a year ago due to relocation I decided to venture out and give Skin Sensations a try. I am so glad I did since my skin requires a cool touch laser. Jo Ellen, is so sweet, and gentle. She knows what she is doing; and I am razor free! Go see Jo Ellen, you will be so glad you did!
