1	If you enjoy paying $8 to dry clean 1 cotton mens shirt, then this place is for you. I called around a couple of other westside dry cleaners and the going rate is between $2-3 dollars.
3	I've taken my shirts here for a number of years and they have always been cleaned well, promptly, and at a price I find acceptable.  It's close to home and I'll continue to go here.
2	I used to work at a dry cleaners so I know first-hand how things are supposed to be done and what they should cost. The cleaners that I worked at was more of a high end cleaners and charged accordingly. Because I am a former employee, I typically get my clothes cleaned at the cleaners which I used to work at, but I had an "emergency" and had to take a couple shirts in to get pressed and Fazio is the nearest cleaners to my house. Although they did do a pretty good job at pressing my shirts, which is why I gave them, two stars instead of one, the prices were ridiculous and the guy at the counter was less than friendly, to say the least. I was charged just about 12 dollars for two dress shirts to be pressed only. Not laundered or dry cleaned, just pressed. All that was done to my shirts was a simple ironing, which is all that I needed. This simple ironing costed me somewhere close to 6 dollars per shirt. Pressing a shirt is one the easiest and cheapest things that can be done at a dry cleaners, yet I was charged a very high amount for it. Now, I am not a cheap person, not in the least bit, and if it's a last minute emergency, then I have no choice, but I just think it's silly for a cleaners to charge that much for something so simple.
1	My expensive silk shirt was ripped by them, and I was told it was because the shirt was old, which it was, although it hadn't ripped from other cleaners.  I was offered no compensation.  Who does business like that?  I found a better cleaners, that costs about half (Lakes Cleaners).
1	They've lost a few of my items in the past, but i still continued to go back realizing this happens. Big Mistake. I've been taking my pants here for regularly for several months and continue to be dissatisfied every time. They continue to make different pleats each time i clean them, leaving me with 3 different pleats on each leg which are impossible to get out once they're made. I continue to explain to them how i like my pants pleated and each time I'm more disappointed. I've finally learned my lesson as I'm embarassed at work today wearing my expensive pants that look like my 2 year old ironed them. I questioned my wife this morning why she was steaming her linen pants instead of dry cleaning. She commented how she hates the way they do her pants so she'd rather spend time washing and ironing herself.  Too bad mine are dry clean only. Even with their coupons, they're still over priced and I'd be happy to pay full price if it were done the right way. I will not be going back here, ever.
3	I have only used this particular Fazio once as I used to work near another branch.  I was surprised that their computers were not linked so I had to fill out all the paperwork as if I were a new customer.  I had no complaints with the service and I especially like the one/two day turnaround on items.  Like other reviewers, I think the prices are way too high.  Donna
2	The best thing about this dry cleaners is the location.   The tailor - she happens to be AWESOME.  I've been there to get alterations done - she does a great job.  However, the prices for tailoring/alterations are sky high compared to others in the area.  And of course, Fazios is making that $ not the lady who does the good work.   They charged $17 to hem a pair of my daughter's school shorts.  Unlined - hemmed a couple of inches - that is all - $17.  If you have a coupon, you save 25%, so you are at $12.75..I found another cleaners 3 miles away that hemmed 3 more pairs for me at $10 each (with no coupon) - they looked fine...we are talking shorts for a kid to wear to school.  They also charged me about $29 to take in a pair of shorts (and that was with a 25% coupon) AND hem (unlined)..please, the shorts only cost $22...I've also stood in line there on a Sunday before and watched 3 people walk out with a pile of clothes in their arms - they got tired of waiting for the 1 person to check out the person at front of line -- there were 6 of us in line at that time - it took about 14 minutes for me to get waited on...I will only go back to this cleaners to use the tailor - and only for things that are important - their basic tailorings costs are crazy high...(unlined hem, etc)...
1	People who work here are polite and nice, but WHERE ARE MY PANTS!!???  I dropped off some shirts and pants on the other day, and was told that they would be ready in the afternoon.  So I went back in the afternoon to pick them up.  I was told only the shirts were ready, so I decided to come back the next day to pick everything up together when the pants are ready as well.  I went back the next day, and I was told that the pants were already picked up.  They looked for them, but they couldn't find them.  Thanks, those are my uniform pants issued by the company I work for.  Now, I have no pants to wear to work.  If you are devoted to the satisfaction of customers as you states here, please do something about it.  Also, they are very expensive, I checked other places and the other places charge less than half price.  Only when you use coupons is when the price is competitive, which makes you feel saving money, but it is actually more expensive than regular price of their competitors.
1	This cleaners is completely out of line with their pricing. I have used the best cleaners in Los Angeles and they were never this expensive. I was given a 30% discount and it was still almost 9 dollars per shirt. Competitors in the area charge 5/6 range w/o a coupon. If you want to throw away money go right ahead. I will not be using them again.
2	I will say I haven't had some horrific experience here, however due to the prices I won't be going back.  My first visit I took in about 10+ items in for dry cleaning and laundering, which cost me around $150. I expected it to be a bit pricey, but considering I used a coupon I'd say they are outrageous. Even then I'm the type of person who is willing to pay a little extra for good quality-- So the rating really reflects just how over priced their services are. Today I went to pick up three items I had dropped off for alterations last week; my total came to $66.75! (And that was after a discount of $22.25) When I had dropped them off I specifically asked how much it would cost and at that time they said they weren't able to give me an amount. I can say the tailoring itself looks really nice, but I would have only had one pair done if I had known how much it was going to be. As for the "alterations" I don't really feel I got what I askDefinitely not happy with the prices or the quality for the price paid. -B
2	Too expensive.  $9 to dry clean a normal shirt?  Plus, too many buttons broken with launder.  I've had it with this place.  Other places charge half the price or less.
1	WOW! I am literally in shock right now!!! I just walked in with a clean, but wrinkled, dress and asked if they could just press it for me while I wait because I'm going to be wearing it tonight. The lady checked, said yes, and took my dress back. I get out my wallet expecting to pay (at most) $5. To my surprise she says my total is $10.20!!!! "For what?" I asked, "You're not even cleaning it". (It would have cost $9.75 to clean it by the way.) The lady replied, "I have no idea, that's just what the computer says and we can't change the prices". No sooner than she was done saying that, the dress was done. A full minute of "service" for over $10? That makes a lot of sense. Not. Shame on you Fazio. I hope you enjoyed my money, because I won't be bringing you any more of it. You should feel embarrassed.
