2	Ack.   I don't need to wander around a store digging through a bunch of junk just to find one decent, hip shirt that's been tagged 'retro' and subsequently overpriced.I guess you can find great treasures here.  I wouldn't know.
4	Awesome book section sorted by author and genre. They collect all the crazy stuff they receive over the year and bring it all out for Halloween. The retro selection and furniture can be a bit pricey, but not always. I have often found gems in the regular sections for a steal. I just slammed Goodwill for their lack of good will. Vinnie's does a great deal of good will with their profits. I was a retro clothes picker back in the day, and saw many of their great efforts first hand. Plus, you can hit up the Crystal Corner for an after shopping beer. Be careful about parking on Willy St. between 4:00 and 5:30. You can get towed and ticketed.
4	This is a pretty decent thrift store. I have been to better, but this is the best one in Madison so far. It is really big and has a nice variety of stuff. I didn't have much time to look at prices or clothes, but from what I saw I was impressed. The book department is huge.
4	This can be a UW student's Ikea and Barnes & Noble.  That pretty much sums it up.
4	I always find something to take away here, from the Willy St. location.  Whether it be a retro denim dress or a vegetarian cookbook or a big leather couch - St. Vinny's is the place to go.  Though their prices are a bit higher than some other thrift stores like Goodwill, their selection is really good - especially for housewares, books, and odds and ends.  I ALWAYS check here for something before I try to find it new.
4	Admittedly I have a hard time finding clothes I like here. But sometimes I find something really cool - like a vintage Betsey Johnson dress for $15 in perfect condition. They have a huge selection of furniture, some mid-century modern, some cottage chic, some merely functional. They also have a great selection of books and records all arranged and organized perfectly.  I can pretty much always find something here and I love to look at everything. So many treasures to find! Sometimes the prices are high because the staff knows the value of what they're selling but over all it's really reasonable.
3	Im confused about their whole "retro" section. Since when are polyester shirts from Wet Seal, circa 2004 considered "retro"? The selection os house items are weak and the general clothing selection is okay. They do have an above average selection of new running and yoga clothes ( probably from Target or Marshalls). Proceeds go to a good cause, so if you do find a treasure, consider it a win.
2	After going today, I realized that I'm over this place.Looking back, I have only ever bought two things here in 10+ visits. They must send the cool men's donations somewhere else.
4	St Vinny's Rocks! Yes, you may have to do some digging.. and some of the stuff is junk. However, there are some great things hiding amidst the rubble. I highly recommend checking out their furniture section. I found my desk chair there, and I love it, leather and aluminum mid-century modern and in great shape! I would have paid at least $250 online, but got it for a steal of $10. Yeah!
4	i love thrift stores and this is my go to store in madison. i love their kitchen wares especially the retro vintage kitchen stuff that comes through this time of year. i also am a great fan of the 'other' shelf in the back of the store where you might find some useful gadget for the home.
4	Awesome place for buying used bikes
4	been to MANY thrift stores in my day, and this one ranks up near the top of most. digging required, which is the case with all thrift stores, but this one (compared to others i've been to) is well organized (especially the clothing section) and FULL of furniture. could spend hours in here easily, but that doesn't mean i'm coming out with an armful of stuff. i rate thrift stores on these 4 criteria:1. Cleanliness: 3 out of 5. this one is only ok. not a complete dive, but i wash my hands almost immediately after leaving, though that might be just the hypochondriac in me...2. Friendliness: 4 out of 5. everyone working there that i've dealt with has been very nice. there is one grumpy dude that works during the week that may or may not hate his life. in my opinion, if you work for a non-profit and dread going to work every day, you need to reevaluate your world-view.3. Organization: 5 out of 5. honestly, in comparison to other thrift stores, this is one of the best organized ones i've been to.4. Pricing: 4 out of 5. the "retro" section is mislabeled and ridiculously priced. i understand it's going to a good cause, but come on. i can buy a brand new dress for $15. other than that, the rest of it is reasonable. my most recent trip there was to find farm clothing, and i like that a lot of the tshirts are $3-4 and jeans are right around $6-8. sounds good to me!so. there you have it. i visit st. vinny's often, and mostly enjoy myself. great place if you're willing to spend an hour looking for something specific.
2	I've been to St. Vinny's several times over the past few years.  Unfortunately, I have to say that you can find much better deals at Goodwill, particularly the east side Goodwill.  St. Vinny's seems to have an arbitrary pricing system.  If the brand seems like something popular or trendy, the price goes up.  The item also, mysteriously, is placed in the 'retro' clothing section.  As far as I know, Banana Republic isn't retro.The clothes are tightly packed and seemingly disorganized.  There are a ton of clothes, though, and I usually find a few things to try on.  The dressing rooms are freezing and not the cleanest, but it's a small price to pay.Overall, it's hard to find a good deal at St. Vinny's.  Their store hours are also difficult for those that work 9-5 (they close at 6 on some days).  If you can navigate the mess, you will probably be able to find something, though.  There is a larger selection of furniture at St. Vinny's than at most thrift stores, so maybe that's the driving force here.  I would much rather stop at Goodwill, where the clothes are not only sorted by size, they're sorted by color as well, and everything is equally priced (all shirts are $4, no matter what the brand).
5	As a thrift store aficionado, I know a good thrift store when I see one.  And this is one of the best.  Lots of great stuff from furniture to housewares to books (though I didn't sort through the clothes).  This store has one of the best organizational systems for books that I've ever seen - and they're all very reasonably priced.  Highly recommend!
3	Good book selection but overpriced clothes.I'll be the first to admit it. I'm a bit of a thrift store snob. It pains me to pay full price for anything and I will find a way to get what I want for less. I shop around and know what things should cost and thus I know when things are overpriced. I would say that St. Vinnies on Willy is good for cheap books but they overprice their clothes. Crazy you say? Overpriced at a thrift store? Well, yes. Yes it is. You can easily pay almost $10 for a shirt at St. Vinnies when the same shirt is $3.99 at Goodwill. For this reason I basically avoid their clothes section and only look at their books and furniture. If I wanted to pay full price I would buy it new. So keep your $20 hipster "vintage" dress and I'll get four for the same price at Goodwill.If you want to go on a thrifting adventure head over to St. Vinnies "Dig n' Save" on Park St. It is where all of the unsold goods from the regular surrounding St. Vinnies go to. You can find some really great stuff there sometimes because what was previously overpriced and not sold because of that is now  dirt cheap. You dig dig dig through huge boxes and pay for clothes/misc. items by the pound. On many occasions I have seen children sitting inside the boxes and burrowing down to find clothes. Seems kinda crazy, because it is. You'll spend next to nothing, but just make sure to wash your hands after you get out.
4	Woah.I mean...Woah. So much stuff, I didn't know where to look. Much of it is newer and some of it's new. Def the place to put together an insane Halloween costume, but not the place to hit up after students arrive. I hear it's college central for like two weeks, the co-eds clear out the aisles (mostly of furniture/decor) then the place gets stocked to the ceiling again once dorms get decked with neon signage and electronic dart boards. I went with my friend Gwen who had a blast in the Packers section. They must have been having a blowout because she made out with the equivalent of a mini Packers souvenir shop of stuff for all around $100.
5	I am totally addicted to shopping here!!!!  I'm there whenever I go to the Co-op for groceries, so several times a week.  I have gotten some of the best deals ever at "Vinnie's"!   I highly recommend it, especially for those on a budget.  3/4's of my wardrobe is from Vinnie's.  We got all our sons stuff there when he got his first apartment - saved a ton of money.   If you haven't tried it, what are you waiting for, there are tons of bargains to be had on about anything you can imagine!  I run into friends there, meet interesting people there and know several of the clerks by name.  I collect Angels and almost all my Angels came from Vinnie's.  That' is where my collection started!
3	The lost-and-found for all misplaced items on the Madison isthmus. A treasure trove for the self-proclaimed compulsive hoarder. Where orphaned toys are reclaimed by loving families. The afterlife for all DIY projects awaiting reincarnation. If I could come up with fifteen other ways to describe this thrift store, I would. But my brain power caps out at four.
4	I have been coming here for awhile.  I make a point of getting here when they open at 9:00 a.m. for several reasons.  One is that there are minimal places to park and also when it gets crowded (which is often) it gets very difficult to move around.This place seems to attract some of the most interesting patrons but for the most part, they are harmless.  So here is my opinion.  Could use some cleaning, staff pretty friendly, clothes priced medium to high but great selection, furniture-sporadic quality at best, knick knacks/household-priced right.  Books are in a small room which is extremely musty and it really triggers my asthma but good selection.I will continue to go here to get my thrift store fix.  I really like the mission of St Vinny as I feel that they contribute a lot to people in need and that is one reason I continue to donate and shop here.
4	I love a good bargain and there are many to be found here. Not only are there a plethora of awesome things, they are all super cheap because duh, it's a thrift store. For example, I got a spice rack and a fruit bowl for $1.90. And here I thought a dollar couldn't buy anything anymore. I also saw a sweet armchair for $6 (but alas, I have nowhere to put it.) My favorite section is housewares, but they also have the usual clothes, furniture, and books section. So save up all your pennies and go wild. (The only con I can think of is the dust; I sneezed up a storm in there.)
3	Superbly curated window displays, interesting finds, prices are crazy randomBigger than any salvation army i've ever been inside of, this place has a little of everything. Their real forte is in making exquisite window-front displays that are themed. A half-wall shelf on only Avon perfume bottles might SOUND like a pretty uneventful visual phenomenon, but believe you me this was as intriguing and well prepared as any Smithsonian gallery exhibit. True I had no interest in buying any of them, but I was blown away by the kinds of bottle-art you can find in the perfume world. Very cool. The layout of the store is VERY similar to salvation armies. The PRICES however were done by high schoolers after getting high on white-out. Glassware, clothes, art, bric-a-brac all ranging from 10 cents to a hundred dollars without rhyme or reason... I bought an enormous and intricately woven wicker hamper basket with four wheels and a bronze lock-latch for $3 which I could flip for $50 on craigslist except that I actually like it enough to keep it. A set of two flimsy undecorative black metal book-ends which you can get for $5 or less online were priced at $22. The nutty pricing makes the search for good finds more exacerbating, but at the same time, when you find something you want at a cut-throat bargain, it's a pretty victorious feeling.
4	My house is fully dressed in items I've purchased from St. Vinnies. Be it furniture or an art piece to hang on my walls, it's probably all come from here, and has truly transformed my home into what I had always envisioned as a kid. The prices on furniture are generally fit to price, if not cheaper than they should be. The selection is pretty abundant, so when I get sick of one couch or piece, it's on to St. Vinnies to buy another. The turnover is pretty quick, so there's always new items to view whenever I pop in. I've also had nothing but great experiences dealing with those working in the furniture department of the store. All is great here.But, if you know me, you understand that my closet's always hungry and I'm in a constant search for clothes to feed it. This is where St. Vinnies disappoints. Before the rearranging of the store, there was a pretty big selection of men's apparel. Not so much anymore. At all. About a long rack of crap, and the rest of the store is full, and I mean FULL, of women's clothes. They do have a very nice selection of female apparel, though. If only..
