2	The former Liquid Lounge has a new face. Let's see:  Nice bar with quality drinks - check.Dance floor, disco ball - check, check.DJ dropping cool tunes and feeling the vibe of the crowd - screetch....Maybe it was dead on Saturday night at midnight because their 1 year anniversary party is next weekend and the regulars were "saving up for it".  But as soon as the floor filled up with guys and girls dancing to the tracks the dj was mixing, he lurched into a hardcore booty music set and everybody scrammed.  Plus there was a "dancing" guy in a Def Jam t-shirt and baseball cap that intimidated everyone away.  I'd try it again because even though it's small, it has a perfect set up.  What the DJ does with the turntables however makes or breaks the evening.  That's true anywhere  though, so what I'd really be going back for is to test whether it was an "off" night or if the DJ truly has a talent for blowing people off the dance floor by only playing what he wants to hear and not reading the crowd. Which would be very unfortunate for a potentially classy, fun downtown venue.  Update: A little birdie told me the following weekend was exactly the same.  They could vastly improve the place by getting dj's who like to inspire dancing and charging a $5 cover to keep out the late night riffraff.  This could be one of the best nightclubs in town if they did it right.
2	i was in need of a drink, and tilt was within walking distance.i cruised in after work, say 6:00 ish and nobody was there.  technically there was a dj setting up, and 3 bartenders.  apparently they're open for afterwork drinks, but this place is more of a night-time dance club place.i ordered a stella and it rang me up for $4 -not the best happy hour prices.  i'm used to my $2 stella on draft back home on the west coast.
2	I'll keep this as short as possible.Not a terrible place, but it certainly is the epitome of a dive bar. I'd go back, but only if there was something going on (theme party, specials, etc).
4	What a cool little NY style alley bar.  There really isnt anything like it in the Charlotte area.  It is your stereotypical dive bar where the regulars hang out.  The managers were really friendly and offered us our first beer for free.  They are always jumping late night and almost always have a $2 special going on.  You can't go wrong by stopping in here for a drink.. If you come late on a Friday or Saturday night, there will be a DJ kicking some loud music and people dancing.  TILT!!  Enjoy!-Ian M.
4	This is a cool, little joint downtown. Lacks pretension. Just friendly bartenders, good drinks and plenty of seating at the bar.There is a large patio out back and word is they are installing a retractable roof on the patio which will be a nice addition.Late night it gets crowded and clubby, but I'm usually  out the door by the time that starts in. A refreshing change of pace from some of the other bars downtown that tend to think  a little too highly of themselves.
5	I've worked and lived in the nightlife industry for 7 years and it isn't often that I love a bar full spectrum but with Tilt, I do. What's not to love?  The staff is on point with strong drinks, the service is quick, the owners are incredible, community minded people, the location is in the absolute heart of Uptown Charlotte. The newly remodeled bar and patio are very pleasing aesthetically and tastefully designed. It's edgy yet modern but the common denominator is that that is comfortable. You don't have to dress to the 9's to enter.  It is the perfect balance between neighborhood bar and cool Uptown hotspot/If you're looking for to kick back for a few drinks, Tilt is your place.  If you're looking to deal with the rarity of honest and fair bar owners, this your place.  If you're looking to host a non-profit party or private party, you couldn't ask for a better place. Plain and simple, when it comes to bars, I'm a raving fan of Tilt! I've hosted numerous events at Tilt, got to know the staff well, and have referred countless people to Tilt and no complaints to be made!
2	I almost gave this 1 star but for some reason I end up back here from time to time so it couldn't be that bad right? I typically prefer chill bars and this is definitely not that. They do have beer pong in the back which is fun.  They have a dance floor though there usually isnt a ton of people dancing.  Drinks are over priced especially for the 10oz mix drinks.
3	As I first walked into TILT I thought the following, "This place is really narrow.  It's really dark in here.  The lighting is throwing me off.  Is this Bar Charlotte 2.0 but with a different name? This place is weird.  This place is growing on me."  Went here on a Sunday night, and actually had a decent time.  This probably isn't their biggest night of the week, but Industry Night always brings out a cool crowd and tonight was not different as I ran into some old buddies and had a decent time out.  The music was straight, and a few people were dancing, esp. in the back where their was a DJ crankin' out the tunes.TILT is definitely  NOT the first place I would recommend taking an out-of-towner looking to have a good time.  However, if you're looking for a good change of pace, off the beaten path a little, but still Uptown, TITL, just may be what your looking for...
3	Tilt is a good bar, but wouldn't be my first choice for a night out. Strong drinks and just enough space to dance in make it worth trying out. Went here on a Saturday pretty late and the outside entrance was packed with smokers. When you get into Tilt you'll notice it's narrow sardine can like layout, dancing area and take an adventure down the narrow path to see how far exactly this place goes back.The bar tenders pour strong drinks, and the atmosphere is pretty good. That alone calls for a good time. While I'll probably chose other bars over Tilt, I know that someday I'll end up here again.
4	We finally visited this place, because my parents were staying at the Marriott across the street.  The drinks were strong and the staff was extremely fun and friendly.  The bartenders are will also provide suggestions and make creative drinks.  It is a fun place to go that isn't too far off of the main path of Uptown.  Definitely a good change up experience.
5	Beer cocktails are great. Try theElectric lemonade, honey brew and angry fireball
3	Nothing fancy here. Just a bar with some great bartenders and regulars.TILT on Trade does a little bit of it all depending on the night. DJ, live music, boozin' bingo, mug night, after parties for big events. What can you expect here? There's always drink specials of some sort. The staff is made up of some longtime Charlotte bartenders. Super nice. If the back patio isn't being used for a private event, go check it out. Giant jenga. Rocking chairs on a makeshift porch. Pretty cool little area. There's even a bar out there so you don't have to walk inside.TILT's been staying relevant for years in an uptown becoming saturated with bars and clubs. It's nice to see a mainstay keeping up with the new guys. The owners here are really good people. Cheers to more fun nights ahead.
4	Went here for an event and was pleasantly surprised.  Good drink specials, an assortment of games and other merryment.  Staff was initially a bit cold but warmed up quickly.  It's easy to overlook this place.  I've been to the Hooters next door a few times and never thought about stepping in before this.  But will definitely go back.  Only knock- one bartender was on his cell phone checking text messages behind the bar.  It was still fairly early but people were there and wanted drinks.  Don't make me have Jon Taffer come in and call you out on that.
5	I just had the most positive experience at Tilt. There was a guy at the bar who had too much to drink and was not picking up my signals that I was not interested. I was driving, and so I was not drinking very much. When I was ready to leave, Mr. "Drank Too Much" was standing near the door. I asked the bartender if I could leave through the side door (one of those "emergency exit, alarm will sound" doors that never sounds). He said I couldn't go out the side door, but he would walk me to my car three blocks away. He did and was extremely professional about it. These people really know how to make a young lady feel comfortable coming back to their bar!
5	Tilt is quaint and fun. If you're looking for a huge nightclub, this isn't it. It's more of a bar that you'd go to with a group of a few friends. There's a dance floor, good drinks, and it's a laid back casual place.
