1	Im giving this 1 stars because it is a very long time from the time I drop of my dog to picking up. 5 hours. also I took him before and they did an okay job not the best but i figured for the price I would give it another try. this time i took him i did not like the hair cut on my dog i asked for a lion cut, and they cut him completely down on the head and left all his hair on his right leg all the way up and his left leg was shaved down. Also his paws were completely messed up. I have included pictures. And also I got a full groom, which meant a bath included. Well my dogs ears were still dirty and it looked like they forgot to bathe him, and he smelled like he did before. And usually he smells good after a groom. Im like so mad about this. The price is good, but I don't think they will be going back after this last experience.
1	We take our dogs there strictly because Jane has been grooming them for years.The owner is a pompous, self righteous idiot who doesn't like that I want to see the grooming job before I pay for it. Big sign inside says that they have the right to refuse service to anyone... and they do. The customer is not first and important there at all. Getting people that speak English, understand English and have some sort of customer service skill is not important there. Avoid  this place.
1	STAY AWAY from this place it is NOT HUMANE!! We took our dog there a couple of times and they said bring your dog in any time. I brought my dog in this morning and I went back later in the evening to pick the dog up or see what time he would be ready. The guy told me to be back in 30 min and that we should of had an apt. I went back 40 min later and he was so rude to me when he said he needed 15-20 more min. I said if you would have told me that I would have come back then I just came back when you told me too. Then he told me to take my dog and leave and to never come back. Well I got news for him I will NEVER go back, then as I'm walking out the door he yells my prices are the cheapest in town, well cheap is not always better. I asked him if he was a manager and he told me he was the owner. I was SHOCKED!! My poor dog sat in a cage all day for nothing. They also say cash only and don't give receipts. I filed a complaint with the BBB, but I would want to know if a place I was taking my animal was this horrible, so do you and your pet a favor, and find another place!
1	Well... I should of read these reviews first before even thinking of going to this place... I saw an add on Craigslist and it said $29.99 ON ALL DOGS UNDER 20lbs and thought what the heck I'll try them out. I get there and being the first time of taking my dog to a groomer I was expecting some sort of professional service but I was dead wrong... I called 2 hrs before to see if they would take walkins n they said yes so I got my kids ready and left to the pet salon. There was a kid (about 18) I think he was getting trained, and there was a guy, some fat guy. I told him I was there to get the Craigslist special and they said yes but that is only for dogs 15lbs and under when I told him the add said 20lbs get said no its 15lbs and under. I don't like so I said OK latest, he turned and said your dog is too big (a 19lbs terrier) if you want to I can do it for 35 but it will be till tomorrow, I said no and left. I went to PETCO n the lady there was very nice so we just paid $35 and sent him an email asking him to change his add on Craigslist n this is what his customer service came to:* CRAIGSLIST ADVISORY --- AVOID SCAMS BY DEALING LOCALLY **Avoid: wiring money, cross-border deals, work-at-home ** Beware: cashier checks, money orders, escrow, shipping ** More Info: http://www.craigslist.org/about/scams  http://lasvegas.craigslist.org/pet/3142764986.html  Change your add since it clearly states $29.99 on all dogs under 20lbs and you told me it was only for under 15lbs... you should of just told me you didn't want to give us service and it was cool, you didn't have to lie your way out of my money... but its OK I'm never going back there again.His response:Thank you for never coming over to my shop n tell me were are you gonna get your dog groomed for 35 in the shape you brought it over? This add I dint post I have to look into it onestly if I new I made a mistake I woul defently repair but with over 15 years on the bussines I canot run a business advertising one thing and sayin other that would not be profetional, I dint say lie cuz I dint want your money bro next time when goin yo other businesd wait to see wut they have to offer insted of jumping to conclution cuz the way you reacted about me saying it would be more looks its notokay because 35 dollars for a full service groomed in the codition you brought him in its NOT BAD AT ALL Sent from my Cricket smartphoneMy reply:Jajaja its OK PETCO just gave me the full service for $35... I didn't mind paying $45 even I know what the condition of my dog was... I just hate liars...His reply:Thats a lie petco charges 46 for now whos the lier but enough of this im so happy your not coming here your a chip mexican just like all the hispanincs this is not a fhis market were you can bargin the price im glad your at petco im glad I dint groome your dog I feel bad for him if I wad your dog I rather b put to sleep the to b own by youMy last reply:Jajsja this will go on one of your reviews thanks... and yes PETCO charges $46 but I got a discount jajjaNow just let me know how is it that being this racist will keep him in business. I was not cheap bargaining but at least be honest that you made a mistake.. but calling me a  chip (I think he meant cheap) Mexican is not the way to do business.
1	This place is HORRIBLE!!!! Do NOT take your pets here!! We had an awful experience. The owner is a rude egotistical jerk who cares more about getting your money then your pet. We took our yorkie in after calling and asking if they had time. We called @ 10am. They said no problem. So we took her and got there @ 10:30. The woman at the front desk told us it would only be a couple hours, and they would call us when she was ready. I called after 2 hours and they said she wouldn't be done until 4:30pm. We would have picked her up and taken her somewhere else, but they were already giving her a bath. When they finally called it was 5:00 the time they closed. We wouldn't have gotten her in time. They offered boarding her for the night for a small fee, and we could pick her up in the morning.We arrived right when they were supposed to open @ 9am. We banged on the door for an hour, and could hear our dog barking along with other dogs that were there. We called multiple times and got the answering machine. At one point we even called the police, but they couldn't do anything. After another hour of banging the owner finally came to the door. He looked like he had been sleeping or hungover. My husband asked why they weren't open, when the sign on the door says they opened at 9 on Sundays. He grumbled saying they aren't open on Sundays. He went back to get our dog, and threw her over the counter at me. When I asked about her collar and leash, he went into the back to get them. When he returned, he demanded we pay and held on to the collar and leash. We told him we weren't going to pay due to the horrible service. He argued with us for a few minutes before he handed my husband the collar and leash. Besides the horrible customer service, the cut they gave our dog was terrible. I asked for a specific cut, and even brought in a picture. She looked nothing like the picture. She was shaved short, and her cut they gave her face was all choppy and looked as though my six year old gave her a haircut. I will NEVER return to this place. I HIGHLY recommend you STAY AWAY!!
1	Brought my poodle about 2 weeks ago, my poodle was scared of the big dog Bella, it took 3 1/2 hours for her to get done, we kept coming back for her.  When we finally picked her up, was in a hurry putting her doggie dress, harness, and leash that we didn't notice she had a bald spot near her bottom/ derrier area,  when we took off her dress my kids noticed it right away.  It was noticable without her clothes on.  Luckily her hair grew fast in 2 wks.    Jason the groomer seemed very friendly,  I was disappointed with the outcome later with that bald spot incidense and having to wait a long time to get her over all grooming done.   Will not come back to this place again.  We now have 2 poodles and will go somewhere else for their grooming needs.
1	I dont understand why the pictures I put up of my dogs were removed when they clearly show how poor of a job was done on my dogs. Yelp is supposed to be for honest reviews. How is it honest if you remove the pictures of the  poor job they have done..
