5	Found Hegel while I was searching for places to have the initial Yoganite.com event. I wanted something central and near a good after party spot to hang out at. Hegel came up on Yelp in Tempe and I gave them a call to see if it would be okay to bring a group for yoganite.com. Tish called me back a little while later and was happy to have us and felt it would be a good time.To test them out I went to a regular Ashtanga class on Saturday morning and Tish kicked my but. I practice yoga often and a good Ashtanga class always works me into a dripping mess of bliss. Tish is a really strong teacher and knows her stuff.For Yoganite.com's first event I wanted a pretty easy class so that beginners would feel comfortable. The turnout was great and even had a few folks show up that I had never met before. Tish was awesome and very helpful with the beginners.I would recommend anyone to Hegel Yoga. The studio is very simple and comfortable, and its right next to four peaks brewery!
5	Tish Hegel is the best. I highly recommend her. I wouldn't bother writing a review if I didn't think she was. Greatest teacher I have ever had!
5	(I wrote this on 10/5/09, but somehow it never properly posted - whatev)As the Mr Mustachio in Bonnie G's review, I can attest to Tish Hegel's yoga prowess.I guess I didn't get a full appreciation for the experience she delivers. Since she was my first and for quite a while, only yoga instructor, I didn't really have any perspective. It's never as good as the first time, right?I've had a couple of other instructors and am now going to ask any potential new instructors more questions than I'd ask my doctor: how long have you studied yoga? Where did you receive your training? What is your focus in yoga? A person can be "certified" for teaching yoga online for $50 in a week. Tish has been involved with yoga for 25 years and a kinesiology degree from ASU .Tish is able to offer any modifications and always reassures the entire class "whether you are in the full posture or a modification, everyone gets the same benefit". She refers to the sanskrit and english names of the postures and makes gentle suggestions to enhance each posture, so there is always room for improvement, and plateaus will come less frequently.I've had twisted ankles over the years, many problems with my left shoulder (a laundry list of injuries) and 6 years ago I broke my neck in a car accident which resulted in a spinal fusion and some tightness in my neck. Tish has been great accommodating these and is mindful of them, suggesting modifications as necessary.The levels on the class descriptions are to be taken very seriously. The level 2 and 3 classes can be quite extensive and kick my butt when I get too full of myself. I've taken several focus classes, the Sivananda Style Flow (lvl2), and most recently Ashtanga Full Primary Series (lvl2-3). The focus and gentle restoration classes are fantastic stress relievers, while the Sivananda class was quite intensive. The Ashtanga classes have been quite thorough, especially since David Swenson visited in August (he runs http://ashtanga.net, quite the authority, if there was one).Hegel Yoga has a lot to share, in a wonderful space from an awesome teacher. As a guy in a commonly female arena, I've never felt unwelcome or out of place. As someone who had a gym membership for 6 years and used it for racquetball 5 times yearly, this has been a great way to stay active and fit without it feeling like a chore.namaste
5	Thank you Yelpers for leading me to Hegel Yoga. I love this friendly, down-to-earth yoga studio filled with amazing yoga instructors who want to help you achieve your best yoga practice each time. I've been to three classes so far with three different instructors and thought they were all great. The last class I was at, Monica even stayed afterward to show me poses to help me with my back problem since she noticed I wasn't quite comfortable when laying in shivasana. Talk about personalized attention!
5	Tish is absolutely the best.  The studio atmosphere is down-to-earth and mirror-free.  Tish provides great adjustments in class, and the music is always peaceful and at a reasonable volume.  You can really learn a lot from her classes regarding alignment and posture benefits, and you may even pick up a bit of Sanskrit (postures are announced in both English and Sanskrit).  In comparison to other studios in greater Phoenix, Hegel Yoga is the most reasonably priced that I have found.  It's a one-of-a-kind studio!  I highly recommend the Sivananda class - don't be scared by the name - it's a class that focuses on each of the body chakras.  And I also recommend the Ashtanga classes - Tish offers a student-friendly approach to Ashtanga where students are guided from posture to posture so there's no need to have the entire sequence memorized.  If that's not your style - check out the schedule of classes on Tish's website - there are classes for all levels and yoga interests.  Namaste.
4	Gorgeous practice room. Went there for Kj's Karma Class on Mondays @4pm. Kj's class was a nice sequences and wonderful breathing technique. Small and Intimate so she was able to assist each person individually. Donation based class so price was right but noticed that even regular prices are reasonable and you can get 50% off a package if you mention YELP. Location is closed to downtown Tempe, but a bit difficult to find looks like a seedy motel from the outside and there doesn't seem to be a ton of parking..But once you walk in the doors you feel like you have entered a delightful space and you completely forget where you are.I will be back next Monday and perhaps even come in for a regular class too.
5	You will fall in love, just like all of us do. Veteran or novice, you'll feel at home even if you don't know what you're getting into. Of all the studios I've practiced in for the past 7 years (which makes me a newbie at most studios), this is the first time I've felt I can truly check my self-conscious ego at the door. No mirrors, low lighting, lofty ceilings and a fabulous instructor.Tish is so encouraging and enthusiastic that I finally have confidence to try poses I didn't think I could do and am comfortable enough to lay low when I'm feeling my limits. KJ pushed me to take some poses to the next level when I was admittedly a little too lazy to take it up a notch. The class sizes are typically perfect so that you get enough attention when you need it. It feels cozy and familial, I know that when I fall over mid-crow it won't get much notice.I've finally sucked it up and bought 20 classes. And I'm asking for another package for Christmas!
5	Monday and Wednesday at 9:30 Hegel Yoga  has the best  beginning yoga class I have ever taken. I felt like I really stretched and worked, but it wasn't so hard that I don't want to go back. She has other classes for people who are advanced, but I won't be attending those. I am sticking with her beginning class. Love it! HEr place is moving next week somewhere on Kyrene, so look up the new address.
5	Hegel Yoga is truly a wonderful studio to practice ashtanga yoga at.  The energy is positive and healing.  It is the only studio in the East Valley that offers mysore, open practice time, beginners ashtanga, and regular ashtanga workshops with nationally and internationally reknown guest instructors.  Tish also collaborates with other ashtanga studios to give practitioners a variety of workshops such as Vedic philosphy, sanskrt, etc.  Hegel Yoga also offers yoga therapy and Thai Bodywork to allow each practitioner to be at their healthy best.  A new yoga therapy series just started and offers some unique specialty yoga classes. SO... check 'em out!
5	Hegel yoga is as good as it gets. Tish is an incredible teacher whose passion for yoga is infectious. Tish also has a degree in something exercise science related, I think Kinesiology (but not certain about that). Talking with her about my injuries has helped me use yoga for rehab and to improve my overall level of fitness. In contrast to some other studios I've visited, Tish truly wants to see her students advance in their practice and has a keen eye for where students need help with a given pose. She also seems to be good at selecting like minded folks for teachers as the rest of the teachers in this studio have a similar attitude. In short this place is the real deal and a great place to go from never even seen a yoga mat before to advanced practitioner.
5	Seriously, does it ever end with Yelp?I find THEE BEST PLACES EVER thanks to fellow Yelpers and it didn't stop with Hegel Yoga. I've been going to the studio for well over 6 months and I just love this place (the new location is even bigger & better too!) SIDE NOTE: I had NEVER practiced yoga at a studio before...because I thought I had to eat granola and shop solely at Whole Foods. And frankly, I didn't want to become one of those weird chanting yoga "people" that smell funny.Well, guess what? I now practice yoga several times a week and I'm still me! Tish and her studio are what everybody, regardless of age, weight, lifestyle needs to live a healthy lifestyle. The more I continue to develop my practice the more I realize how amazing the benefits of Yoga are. Not to mention, it's the hour I get to forget about everything and focus on only me and my practice. A studio is only as good as it's owner and teachers though! Tish is so incredibly fit it's ridiculous. The best part? She doesn't just go through the postures while you mirror her. At times she explains WHY we are doing movements, the health benefits while giving amazing verbal cues. I'm constantly tweaking small things here and there to the point of having "AH HA!" moments. All this while being sandwiched between the 75 year old guy who just started and is kicking my butt and the yoga pro on the other side of me...yet somehow she magically teaches us all at the same time (sandwiched not meaning cramped, just in-between). There are different levels of classes - surely each finds their own fit.I am a designer and work on the computer 60+ hours a week. I thought at one point I was going to have to get carpal tunnel surgery my wrist hurt soooooo bad and my back was jacked. After just a few months with Hegel, I have gained serious core strength that's improved my posture and my wrist no longer hurts.Hegel Yoga is going on my Yelp list of places in the valley I can't live without!
5	Great yoga studio!  Tish is an amazing yoga instructor!  I always feel safe and comfortable practicing in her class.  She does not hesitate to come over and fix your positions (which I absolutely love, because hey, who goes to yoga to hurt themselves?).  I also feel completely unjudged and free to modify positions to best suit me.  I also love that Tish will stay and talk to you after class about how you did and what she noticed without feeling like I am being rushed out - amazing!  I always leave this studio feeling great and excited for my next class.
4	Awesome little yoga studio with a very friendly staff! The class size was tiny and the instructor was able to give good one-on-one coaching. My downward dog still sucks, so I need all the coaching I can get.Unfortunately I am not familiar with pricing here, so I am unable to comment on that.
5	I have been going to Tish's studio for years now! When it comes to choosing a studio to practice at, the environment and the instructors are crucially important. Hegel Yoga provides an incredible atmosphere to practice yoga, and the variety of classes available leaves little to be desired!Great energy, great instructors, great studio.
4	I think I've found a gem in Hegel Yoga. Friendly staff, good classes where some are convenient for my very long working hours, and the owner Tish Hegel is super helpful and accommodating. I can't wait to take one of Tish's classes. Saturday I got back into yoga at this studio, after a 1.75 year hiaitus from yoga after my previously awesome yoga studio closed and I lost my job in that area anyway. Since Saturday, I've taken three classes. On Saturday, a special yoga seminar for digestion/cleansing .. awesome! On Tuesday evening a beginners yoga class, and on Wednesday evening a restorative yoga class. Three different instructors, all good. The new studio is really nice, clean and rooms are a good size.Floors are either hardwood or laminate.. I'm not sure which one, but they work the same for yoga. No mirrors, which is a new concept for me. This is fine for me, as it gives more wall space for inversions, and I don't care or need to see myself or others anyway.  If you forget your mat, they have extras for people to use. They have an abundant amount of blocks, straps, blankets and bolsters -- definitely five stars for this!The big room is really nice and roomy. I was by the door when we ended class, and found it loud/not peaceful on that day because people tend to hang out in the cubby/water area and chat. During one of the classes in the smaller room, it was also loud because of the same chatting issue while others were waiting for a class in the other room that started 15 mins after my class. Hegel seems to be working out the kinks with air flow in the smaller room, which seems to work best when the doors are open, but then it's louder in the room that way (they are kind of new to this studio space). Partially due to lack of airflow in small room on Tuesday, I was a big sweaty mess during and after my class - which suited me fine -- since I came for a good workout and detox. So far, I really like Hegel Yoga, and plan to practice here as long as classes remain convenient and good for me. Both Tish and one of the instructors Sheilla have told me about some of the upcoming classes for Jan 2013, which I look forward to checking out. Receptionists are friendly as well.
5	I am 35 and have chronic pain. I have two implants. I knew that I needed to start doing SOMETHING for myself to help my physical and mental health. I am currently unemployed because of my condition. I feel so old. I contacted Tish and asked her if she thought yoga could help me, and could I do it safely?Tish got back to me right away. She was very open to listening and talking about my concerns and my special needs. We agreed that a private lesson would be best for me before I dove head first into a class. I tend to embarrass easy so this was a great idea. The lesson was $75 and worth every penny. It was supposed to be 90 minutes but was closer to 2 hours. Tish showed me the basic positions and paid close attention to me making sure I did not get injured. She did not make me feel bad or silly when I needed more instruction. She made sure I was safe and that I could communicate what I was feeling and thinking through the whole process. She has a very relaxed attitude and puts off a friendly and supportive vibe the whole time. She asks for permission before she touches you and when she does it is very respectful and professional. Not always a huge concern for men but I can see where this would matter to many people. I was worried about looking silly or being the most out of shape person ever.... neither were true.I plan on making her studio somewhere I can go and continue to learn. I am FAR from good at this point, but I have no fear of going to a class and joining in. She told me just listen to my body and rest if I can't go on. If you have ever wanted to try but have been too afraid I would suggest a one on one with Tish to you.
5	I'm back to update my review of Hegel Yoga. I reviewed Hegel Yoga in Dec, 2012 and gave it four stars instead of five only because they were working out a few kinks from moving into their new studio. They have worked out the kinks wonderfully as far as I can tell. This summer, there have been some A/C issues with their landlord finally replacing the unit(s), so now things are quite stable and wonderful there, as it always has been prior to the unfortunate A/C issues that were out of Hegel's control.  Tish is still wonderful with all her students and instructors, and she has a good staff and clientele. This yoga studio is as good as it gets ...whether you're brand new to yoga or if you are a seasoned professional.Hegel's pricing also seems to be quite fair and competitive compared to the area.If you read Hegel's web site that Tish updates every few days or even more often with any kind of schedule or teacher change or additions of new items, you'll see that she has a very large amount of retreats, classes, workshops, learning and teaching opportunities - all in the works at any one time. Tish also teaches several or more classes herself each week. That's a huge amount of activity for one person to accomplish with such finesse on a consistent basis. Kudos to Hegel Yoga for being an outstanding business and community resource in Tempe, AZ.
5	I've tried out a few yoga studios around Tempe, and Hegel Yoga is by far my favorite. They feature a good variety of classes taught by knowledgeable and friendly teachers. I especially love going to the Sunday morning Gentle Astanga class taught by Kelly. Some yoga studios can feel intimidating, especially if you're not all that into the spiritual aspects of the practice. The space is clean and relaxing, and the owner, Tish, is extremely nice and helpful. Definitely check it out!
5	I have followed Tish Hegel since her very first studio and stayed with her studio even though it moved further and further away from where I lived....because she is authentic! The yoga taught at this studio is real, not new-agey. To me, finding that along with the right teacher was most important. I love the variety of classes offered along side the traditional Ashtanga practice. Even the workshops are great. And if you're interested, there are plenty of opportunities here to learn about yoga beyond the physical exercise it provides. I feel like I can develop a wholesome practice at Hegel Yoga studio and I'm really grateful for it.
5	What a lucky amazing find!  Hegel Yoga Studio and Tish are a hidden gem!  I've been doing yoga for 3 years at home, video, random spa classes, workshops and the gym.  I wanted more options than the gym and bought a coupon online to try the studio.  Her studio offered so much variety and 2 months unlimited yoga it's almost robbery for what I paid.   It cost less than a meal out for one!This yoga has changed me forever!  The second month is brilliant because now I'm hooked.  From the first moment I walked in Tish greeted me, got to know me and learned my name.  She is welcoming every time and knows her people.  The studio has a great vibe.  I've tried almost every class at every time and there is a flux of people and regulars.  She is consistent and hands on, and so welcoming!The cool thing, is it doesn't matter who you are or what you need you get it here!  Tish is an AMAZING teacher and wealth of information.  I've learned more about yoga in 1 month than I have in 3 years.  She also makes you feel good no matter what level you're at, is hands on with adjustments, reminds you it's your practice and it doesn't matter if you can bind yourself into a pretzel or barely touch the floor - you will fit in.  AND you'll get what you need!Sometimes it's hot in the studio and can be crowded  in some classes, but usually once the flow goes the rest of the world disappears.  She always has great music and tons of props.  You learn how to use props just like you learn how to honor your body!  Chairs, blankets, blocks, straps, sandbags... I'm sold and I've been telling everyone!  Tish knows so much you are guaranteed to up your level and abilities no matter where you're at.  Gifted teacher and she's so down to earth!  A MUST TRY!
5	I moved to San Diego a year ago, and Hegel Yoga is probably the thing that I miss most about living in the Phoenix area. Nothing compares.Tish is the best yoga teacher you will ever have. She teaches with the most encouraging, energetic style-- every single class!  You can really tell how passionate she is about teaching and helping people to heal their bodies with yoga. Tish has a way of explaining the postures and giving anatomical cues that just make things click. She is very active during class, always adjusting and giving cues, but in the most non-obtrusive way possible. I didn't realize how unique this was until I moved away and found that in most yoga classes you will be lucky if the teacher even comes around and adjusts you once. I can't imagine having learned yoga anywhere else, as I probably would have been doing the postures completely incorrectly for years with no clue!  Because Tish has such an active style of teaching, Hegel Yoga is wonderful place to go if you are new to yoga or suffering from an injury.  (But you should know that Tish is equally loved by both beginners and advanced practitioners, alike!)  When i started yoga, I had debilitating back pain and only came to yoga as a last resort. I am so glad I did. I have been surprised since moving to the San Diego area, which has an abundance of yoga studios, that I have not managed to find a studio or teacher who compare to Tish. If you live anywhere near Tempe, consider yourself lucky to be in proximity of this amazing yoga studio.
5	I just spent one week at the Zen Center in Crestone, Colorado, as part of the Hegel Yoga Retreat. Tish and Danae designed the perfect retreat with a magical balance of intense ashtanga yoga, the discovery of zen meditation, the sharing of various yogic practices, along with plenty of time for personal reflection.  Their expertise in yoga was impressive, but it was their warm, genuine, and thoughtful personalities that transformed the experience into something that I will treasure for a lifetime. They managed to host a fun, social, joyful retreat that was punctuated with sacred moments and profound breakthroughs. I'm forever grateful!
5	Almost 3 years ago I purchased a Groupon for unlimited yoga.  I wanted to give yoga a try because I had been hearing so many wonderful things about it through the years.  I am still practicing there 3 x a week.  I actually LIKE going there!  I was never the type of person that liked to work out or build up a sweat either.  All of the instructors that I see are extremely knowledgeable and friendly (Tish, Courtney, Kelly, Katie) too.  I highly recommend you giving this studio a try.
5	What I love most about Hegel yoga studio is the vibe you get during classes. The instructors are great at giving alternative poses depending on how the students bodies are feeling and reacting that day. The rooms are clean and tidy and it definitely has the feel of actual care for the students rather than an attempt to make money. Hegel puts a smile on my face any time I'm there. I'd definitely recommend them :)
