3	I sought shelter in here today after my work closed due to the weather and the snow decided to up it a notch as I was on my way home.The sandwiches we ordered (salami with mozzarella and pesto, and brie with tomato and chutney) were very tasty.  Definitely, very tasty.  However, we were disappointed that on a snowy day they were out of soup - rather, that they hadn't taken enough out of the freezer.  It seems a bit of a given that soup would be number one on everyone's list of wants on a day where the city grinds to a halt because of three inches of snow.  We were also unimpressed with the pricing.  I understand that rent can't be cheap on Broughton St but 4.50 for a sandwich in a cafe feels a bit steep.  Maybe I'm being cheap?Their takeaway sandwiches were 3.00 - so two lettuce leaves with three slices of cucumber cost 1.50?  They also charge 3.50 for sit-in toast with butter and jam.  3.50 for toast, seriously?  As I said, I did like the food and the decor was cute.... I just didn't walk away feeling like there was anything special about the Bakehouse.
5	We had breakfast here and I cannot say enough about how nice the service was.  I ordered a sausage roll, and being American, I wasn't sure of the proper accompaniments to order (I was offered ketchup or 'brown sauce.')  I am one of the few Americans who dislikes ketchup, and I just had a bad feeling about that brown sauce.  So I asked the gentlemen if it might be OK to have mustard ... or was that a horrible foreigner faux-pas, and he replied with a kind little smile, 'well, I surely don't mind and I won't tell anyone.'  I had the nicest cup of tea I had in Edinburgh to accompany my foreign-faux-pas mustarded sausage roll.  I really liked this place a lot.
4	Very friendly, warm atmosphere. Excellent coffee. Carrot and coriander soup very good. Breakfast sausage sandwich simple but tasty.
4	Fantastic almond croissant ! Really nice chilled out place - worth popping in if in the area
3	Came in need of a cosy spot to muddle through research with a good cuppa  & cake.  The slight dimness adds to the feel of a hidden away cozy, and was spot on for neighbourhood locals.  Cakes are better than average on taste and types are of good old fashioned variety.  Not the place for the fancier french or tri-tier kind but good coffee cakes.  Carrot cake is a proper one and cappuccino was solid. Onto a most important point...service.Lovely staff and owner, just the right touch of help with sincere smiles.  They were apologetic about the lack of variety in cakes & scones, due the broken oven but my cake was good anyway :)I would gladly come here again for another good cup of coffee & decent cake...or scone~
