1	Ok..I told Amanda that anyplace that serves beer would have a tough time getting less than 2 stars from me...I wish there were 1.5 however. As covered by Amanda this bar is about as straight as they come..this bar personified would probably call bars with any hippness at all the bad F word for gay folk. In fact this bar would most certainly over-use that word. Does Puddle of Mudd, Disturbed and POD know that their songs are available in karaoke form? Do they make money from them? Who was the first person to say damn man I can not wait to scream this song to the MIDI music only version over some beers this weekend.I had a good time...but I tend to make the best of things. There was far more facial hair than head hair. I hate phonetic spellings.. Oh lord don't ever make me go back....eff it...I changed my mind. 1.2 stars and I am rounding down.
2	this place used to be famous sams, then famous sports bar, now big nixx. the bar is ok. has some nice tvs, but not alot. it has a long straight bar, not round. so anyone sitting at the bar will have their back towards everyone else in the place. they have a couple pool tables, good juke box, average kind of boring menu. there were no happy hour prices for appetizers and when i was in there, there was no happy hour for drinks either.  there are way too many bars in this area with 1/2 off appetizers, cheaper drinks, and more tvs. i ONLY went here because i saw an ad in the new times that said  they have a free buffet for happy hour. i was starving and that's why i went. the buffet was actually 1 pan of stuff. i call it stuff because we actually didn't recognize what kind of food it was. it looked like breaded frozen country fried steak riblets that were overcooked. it just looked horrible but i took a bite anyway. i spit it out because i still didn't know what it was and it was gross. the food on the menu was plain and not worth the money. the crowd was mixed ages. i would go here just to drink but not much since their prices aren't reduced. they do have a large smokers patio.
