2	I completely understand new places having some growing pains and the introductory period with ups and downs but this place just isn't very good. I work in the business so I know what to expect at a new place (slow service,longer wait times,possible mistakes) but my reason for the 2 star review has nothing to do with those things.. I wasn't expecting a five star cuisine as a know this was a chain. Me and my girlfriend got a $5 off welcome coupon in the mail so we thought we would try it out for happy hour. Waitress comes over seems nervous that's totally fine and expected, I ask what draft beers they have she only knows about 3... I'm not expecting you to have them all memorized but wouldn't you want to have that all written down seeing that your a sports bar? Not a huge deal but a little frustrating having to wait for the back and forth and her finding out what beers they have. Then I ask what their happy hour specials they have. Doesn't know.... Something else I would think they would be teaching in training. These are just basic server things you should know and has nothing to do with it being a new place. Next the food not very good.. I had steak taquitos appetizer steak was chewy and dry it looked like they just slapped a bunch of cheese on top and it wasn't super busy either.. I got the sliders as an entree they weren't terrible but they weren't good either. In terms of the time the food took it wasn't long at all so that's a plus but it just wasn't very good also for happy hour beer $4 is nothing that would keep me going their solely for that purpose as their are better places in the area for happy hour. Overall just not very good
4	I don't give four stars lightly. Although this is a chain restaurant and has only been open a few days, I can definitely tell you I will be back. We have seen this particular location go through two other restaurant iterations. Mexican and Steakhouse. Both failed miserably to keep up with food quality. As a local to the area I am so glad this location has been given new life. We visited on the second or third night of its opening. It was a great place to watch the World Series game. The happy hour prices and food choices were acceptable though we did not order from that menu. Instead we ordered one of their sirloin dinners. The steak and broccoli was delicious and cooked perfectly. The cilantro tomatoes were a bit pink and underripe but still tasty. The portions are good but you will not have left overs. Try as many sauces as you can. They are amazing!We had the beer mixers. I highly recommend the Snake bite with hard cider and Guinness. We also had the caramel crumble cake for dessert. Very tasty but definitely a trucked in food. We will be back for their wings and all their sauces. Eight pm to midnight 75 cent wings!
1	2 of us wanted to try this place for dinner on a Saturday evening. We were told 20-30 minute wait when they had at minimum of 12 tables open that we counted. Can't foresee trying this place again.
2	I called and made a togo order tonight for 10pc wings with blackened cajun flavor. i was not impressed, the wings were not crispy enough and the flavor did not tast like cajun at all, it ws more like teriyaki. When you walk in it was like you were drowing in the ocean. i understand that is the theme but it was really to much. staff was freindly and kind, and the intreaer was clean. this is not a place that i would go for chicken wings though. i might try this place again but have something different.
1	First of all, they aren't doing happy hour appetizers... Stupid... Why ADVERTISE a happy hour?Secondly, the wings are so dry! They aren't that big either...Thirdly, the Garlic Parmesan fries are cold, hard, and soggy, even the replacement order we got... The food just isn't good at all :-/Fourth, it's sooooo sooooo loud you can't have a conversationTheir saving grace? The people are very friendly...Good luck staying alive...!
2	Wanted to try the new place in the hood and try the wings.  For a dollar a wing, they were quite disappointing.  CK's down the street has wings of similar quality for .40 cents less  during regular hours and .60 cents per wing on happy hour.  I guess they need to pay for the televisions and new decorations in the place.  Beers were a little pricey as well given the location.  Heard that the owner of the property is the father of the guy who previously launched a place there so that may reflect that and affect the prices.  Poor business planning. Not likely to come back.  Should develop a better\winning approach.  Available for consulting as needed.  Server was nice but overall experience did not meet the hype.  Anyone's guess as to what will occupy this place next.
4	Good wings and you can put their large selection of sauces and rubs on any dish. They've just opened and are having some issues with the speed of the kitchen, but have been up front about it before seating you so no issues with that.
1	Overpriced and underwhelming CHAIN restaurant. We tried a number of things on the menu and I thought everything was pretty bad, except maybe the fish and chips. The boneless wings were the frozen over-breaded type, hard as a rock. The "jumbo wings" were nothing special and at $1.00 apiece, a rip off. Wing sauces nothing special. Red Lobster meets Bahama Breeze meets Applebee's. Happy hour specials were nothing exciting. Tried to charge us $5.99 EACH for a side of onion rings and fries that were supposed to be included with our wing entree order. Even if they weren't included, $5.99 is a LOT for a side of onion rings and/or fries. I won't return, even though I live close by. Disappointing.
3	1st try at this beach themed sports bar....sound familiar? Menu has something for everyone but wasn't executed great. I enjoyed a fresh salad with plenty of moist chicken. Thankfully avoided the overly sweet dressing. The Cajun chili burger barely had any of either on it. Fries were terrible. On the bright side the muddy tea and soda had free refills. Great service and plenty of big TV's. Next time I'll stick with wings and beer.
1	Ordered the sampler appetizer and asked for double boneless wings instead of shrimp bc I hate seafood. Waited quite a while for the food. When it came out I questioned whether I got double chicken wings bc it looked like a normal order but the bartender insisted it was "based off weight and shrimp is lighter." Upon starting to eat, my food was cold. Not even warm, just cold. Keep in mind- the restaurant had a total of 4 parties!! No reason to get cold food!! The bartender said he would get me a new order which I thanked him for doing for me. When I got the new order, he forgot I asked for no shrimp.. Here's the kicker: I GOT THE SAME AMOUNT OF BONELESS CHICKEN WINGS as I did when I asked for no shrimp even though the second plate had shrimp. The food was mediocre at best. Over priced. Bartender didn't know prices or if food was on happy hour.. Will not be back.
1	Horrible horrible horrible save your money and go to the circle k across the street and get a hot dog it's better!!! Ordered their sampler was saturated with butter and that's saying a lot when a fat girl complains about butter, was Paula Dean in the kitchen??? Ordered a steak medium it was over done and charred!!! They took it off the bill and said they would give me a coupon really email me if u want to coupon not going back!!!
3	Sat at the bar, no music or sound on the TVs, after I asked for the second time some music was turned on, some sort of low sounding reggae I think, could barely hear it. No food on the happy hour menu, $3 Cuba Libra's, I enjoyed those. Didn't sample the food. Might come back not sure yet.
4	Super friendly staff. Friday night happy hour until 7. Got the Hurricane drink and it was delicious . Super nice bartender. Atmosphere was great. They played great music. They were super busy so we sat at the bar and got great service. The chipotle raspberry wings were amazing.
1	Service was horrible. Took forever to get a server. Wings were undercooked. Won't come back
3	We went to Hurricane Grill and Wings on Sunday to watch football and have some beers and food.  It is a nice, very clean place with ice cold beer, which is always good.  They had buckets of beer for $10 on special which is a good price.  However we ordered a round of shots that were made with Smirnoff and were charged $7 as piece for them.  $7 for Smirnoff is awfully expensive at any bar.The food was decent, but had to be sent back as it came out wrong.  No big deal, it happens all the time.  When the food was returned, it was decent enough, but nothing better than any other bar food around.Overall, we had a good time and the restaurant is kept up very well.  The bartenders were also very nice and attentive.  However, the bill came to $125 for an appetizer, a couple of entrees, 2 buckets of beer and those expensive shots.  Oh, the location is terrible and I will be interested to see if they can make it more than a few months, as nothing else has worked there.  Best of luck to them.
2	Went there with a few buddies the other week on football Sunday. Wings were ok but extremely over priced. Waited a longtime for the order as well. Bucket of beers was reasonable. It's going to be tough for them to complete against Native New Yorker when they do $.49 wings on Sunday. I would of paid half the price for better wings if I would of gone there.
2	We here for lunch on a Friday afternoon. Very clean and bright. There were a few people at the bar and they look to be having a great time. We were seated in the back of the restaurant and the seats were a little uncomfy. The waiter came with a smile and took our drink order. I had the Citrus Ice Tea which was pretty good. Mrs. Had the regular tea which was decent. We then proceeded to order the Firecracker Shrimp. There was a little too much batter and it wasn't as spicy as anticipated. But we ate it. The sauce that accompanied it was great. I then ordered ten wings with the Garlic Parmesan sauce and also the Trifecta sauce (combo of three dry rubs). Mrs. Order the boneless wings with the salt and vinegar sauce. When the wings came out I was surprised to see little to no sauce or seasoning on them. Having dry rubs before and not really being able to see the seasoning, I figured I would be able to taste it. Wrong!! It was like I was eating chicken straight out the fryer. They were pretty blah. And the boneless wings...too much breading no flavor. Her side salad was great though. If I go back I would definitely get a wet sauce and try it at happy hour.
1	We have been here about 5 times since they opened and every time we come in something changes at first they had happy hour food now they dont because thr the kitchen can't keep up. Sad thing is their food isn't bad. They need to get their act together or they won't last just like every other place in this location
5	This was our first time here. The wings were very good. Service was excellent. Clean and well lit. Great food selection. We would recommend Hurricane for a quick lunch, to watch a game, or to sit out on the no smoking patio.
2	I was SO excited for this place to open. I've only been in once, but I was pretty disappointed. The service was great, the inside is good with lots of seating and lots of tv's to watch sports, but the food?? I was not impressed! I first ordered the buffalo chicken bruschetta, we had to send it back because it was so bad (we still had to pay for it when we didn't even eat any of it) I then ordered the steak taquitos, better than the bruschetta but not still not great, it was so bland and boring. My husband ordered the wings, which he enjoyed and said that they were a great size. Next time I'm definitely sticking with be wings!
2	Bloody Mary was good! Service was a bit slow at times.  Food is warm to touch. Needs to be hotter, temperature wise. Would be a good idea to have stickers on the wing orders so that we can determine what flavor we r eating.  Overall atmosphere was fine. Needs color on the walls a bit plain.
3	Great potential, been here twice and both times i have had to make someone take our order.. Food is pretty good and beer is great
5	I actually haven't eaten here yet,  just order to-go. The wings are great and the fact that I can play with flavors and mix them,  is awesome.  The salads are also a good size,  I definitely recommend the steak, although it's a wing place,  the butter parmesan sauce on the sirloin is delicious. You do have to keep in mind it is a brand new establishment,  working out the kinks. I do recommend it to a lot of people.
4	Enjoyed the Conch soup. Salad needed more inspiration but service had been great. Gamers next table were a hoot and fantastic surprise!!! Chandler finally has character!!!
4	Wings are excellent! Tried fish and steak too, steak was ok but not the greatest! This location needs to work on service! Too long of wait for attention from wait staff!
2	My husband and I really wanted to like this place. From the outside it looks like it may have potential. Upon entering the door our first impression didn't change that much until we were seated. We immediately noticed tables were not adequately spaced for even the smallest of people to comfortably sit. We went on with the evening and ordered our drinks and the sampler. A few minutes later another table is sat behind beside us. My 1 year old sleeping in my lap and I were then pushed out of our chair so someone else could sit down. My son and I no longer had a place to sit so my family moved to a different table on our own. Shrugging off the table move we continued waiting for our food. The waiter refilled our drinks timely but left the empty glasses on the table. My sons food came first. We had ordered a cheeseburger with all the fixings. To our dismay the burger had nothing but meat, cheese, and bun. A little while later our food came and after the whole evening seemingly going shitty we were hoping the food would be enough to salvage the evening. We were wrong. The food can only be best described as "meh" with a side of disappointing. The honey bbq dressing was runny and not appetizing. The breaded shrimp was mainly batter and the popcorn chicken could've broken a tooth. The fried pickles while sub par compared to what you can get in the Deep South heart of Texas were the highlight of the sampler. We took the check after the sampler. We really wanted to like this place. Unfortunately, my husband and I give them 3 months . We were asked to come back and give them another try. If they are still here in a year we may give it another shot. But until then we will be eating dinner elsewhere.
4	Wings are bigger than most places, but, price supports it. Had my wings plain, extra crispy. They were done perfectly. Tried a couple of their signature sauces if which they have 40. Their menu is well illustrated and the waitress explained how to best read the choices. Service was friendly and great. They wife had the Caribbean chicken.  It was good. Will try this place again and especially on a Wednesday.
5	Great Service from moment we walked inHamburger, Wings & Grilled ChickenMmmmmm Good
5	Tried this place on a whim and this place is now one of our go to wing places. Great wings and love getting what they have on tap. Mostly get an ipa
5	My friends and I were in the neighborhood, so we decided to eat here for lunch. It was a Saturday afternoon and we wanted to watch the ASU Game. This spot was perfect to watch the game! There were about 10+ TVs around the restaurant with the sound up so we could also hear the game.The restaurant was very clean and well lit. We were greeted as we came in and also by passing servers on our way to the bar.As we got to the bar we were again greeted by the bartender, Shaun. He was friendly and funny. Most importantly, Shaun was attentive to us and the others at the bar. Our drinks never hit empty. He had great knowledge of the menu and gave recommendations to each of us depending on what we liked. We learned of their great weekly specials and we will absolutely visit again. Monday thru Friday 11 to 3PM - Coors Light Draft on special for $2Mondays - Burger day special: $5 for a burger Tuesdays Kids Eat Free with purchase of Adult mealWeds: This is no joke: 40 Cent Wings Boneless or Traditional Thursday: $20 for 20 Wings and a Domestic Pitcher/ or Pitcher of SodaThank you Shaun and Hurricane Staff!! See you soon!
5	Sooo good. Awesome servers! friendly hosts! You can't tell everyone enjoys there time there while having a good time. GREAT DEALS EVERYDAY OF THE WEEK.Monday: 5 dollar burgers(which are amazing)Tuesday: kids eat freeWednesday: 40 cent wings AND ladies night. Dollar off drafts AND dollar FIREBALL!!Thursday: 20 wings and pitcher of beer for 20 bucks! Awesome deal!
