2	I really wanted to like this place. Since Luigi's closed on East Blvd, I have been looking for someplace nearby that knows how to make a decent pizza. I ordered plain cheese- no extras. It tasted no better than the frozen kind. The sauce tasted like it came directly out of a jar. No distinct flavor from herbs or spices.The  cheese wasn't good either, it didn't have that gooey/stretchy consistency you get with NY style pizza. It was more like low fat/low quality cheese. The crust was the only part they got right. Just the right amount of crispness. I truly hope they can improve on their product, it's a shame not to.Who doesn't like pizza???
5	I live in the area, and want to support my local restaurants. I have eaten tons of NYC pizza and this place is the real deal. Great wings as well. Go try then out, you can get 2 slices and a drink for $5.50. Yummmm!
5	A new place opened on Park Road in Dilworth.  Pizza was great.  I ordered a margarita pizza and loved it.  Crispy crust and really good flavor.  They offer carry out and delivery but it isn't a sit dine in place.  Will definitely be back.
1	Not good, everyone on here is most likely related to the owners. I would rather heat up a Tostinos frozen pizza than eat at slices.
4	I just noticed today that this new pizza joint opened the neighborhood, and it happened to be a night when we didn't feel like cooking, so what the heck? Let's give it a shot, despite a couple negative Yelp reviews. We got the large pizza, 12 wings, and a 2 liter soda deal for $19.99 - not a bad deal at all, especially with free delivery!I wouldn't necessarily call the pizza NYC style, but it was still delicious. For NYC pizzas, I have my favorite places in Charlotte as the go-to, and those will remain my favorites for. NYC style after eating here. But what Slices does offer is a great pizza with fresh ingredients and a unique taste to the sauce that I can't quite put my hands on, but loved it. Strangely enough, kind of like the same way that I loved Donato's when it was in the same location - something different, but in a good way. It's not NYC by my definition, but it is delicious!The wings were really fantastic, especially from a place that specializes in pizza. Huge wings with a ton of meat - crispy and not slimy like most pizza places' wings are. And the hot buffalo sauce was just right - not too crazy hot, but still a decent kick for those who like spice. If you are used to getting crappy wings with your pizza from a place that should probably just stick to making pizza (like any of the major chains), then you need to check out the wings at Slices. Definitely credible.From the pics online, the subs look pretty awesome, too...looking forward to trying one soon!
4	Tasty pizza just a few steps from the house.  Can't ask for anything more.  We got a supreme, and it was.  Satisfying and nice people running the joint.  Stop in sometime!
2	called business to order lunch and no one answered after several placed calls.
5	Best pizza in charlotte that I have found so far.  Cheap pizza by the slice specials, and friendly staff
1	Called 5 consecutive times during operating hours, beginning at 5:15PM and nobody picked up the phone. The phone continued to ring, never hitting an answering machine.Terrible service - how do they expect to get business if they don't pick up their phones?We will be taking our money somewhere else.
3	I've been here a couple times and the pizza was great! I've only ordered slices, not a whole pie. The meat lovers was better than most places I've been. Very affordable and the pretty quick too. I also tried the cinnamon and sugar dough pieces. Nice value! This place is carry out only.
2	Closed at 3:00 on a Saturday afternoon, what's up with that? No hours posted in the window. I would suggest that you call ahead before coming over.
