5	We had a great experience for our wedding venue.  They arranged for Elvis (Eddie Powers) to pick us up at our hotel in his 1956 pink Cadillac. We loved the pictures and the video was fantastic.  Our wedding day was great thanks to all at Vegas Wedding Chapel.
1	I just wanna let u know that I had a super horrible wedding  experience in Vegas wedding chapel.  When I went there , they were not wanna service in first place  and they just wanna try to let  you get more services in order to charge more! Second, it was not a perfect wedding  because it was only one photographer for us in order to get almost all worse angle of photos. Third, I ordered a cake during my ceremony that it never came ! In end , they asked pay the rest of money that they did not even know the thing until I told them. Ok that's fine , they were apologized. Fourth, in second day we had 4pm appointment for checking the photos , I arrived on time for it . I waited there 15 minutes , there was no one for asking me until I asked them where it's my consultant.  4:30 finally , I got my consultant she showed everything .  She asked "do you wanna add photos which you have to pay $30per each ". It made me so piss  because I did not even take look clearly yet and the 18 pics of my own photos I have not choice.  All they care about was getting more money from clients!!!!!!!!!!!:(  After I picked the photos , the lady did not give me everything she left! What?????????? I went to the front desk again, and the front desk asked pay the balance again !!!!!!!! What? I did not get everything yet , and I won't pay it! The front desk gave me everything ! I was so mad about all the service , so she said she will give me the video for my ceremony ! Ok , I feel a little better . Now , I was so excited for checking this video , but it was a song only :(  how rude everything is !!!!!! I paid almost $600 for all the cribbing things !!!!  Thanks I will tell all my friends about ur guys how "good " Vegas wedding Chapel gives people memories !   Ps, the front dest told me that all the process was going to take 45mins , but I took 120mins
5	My husband and I renewed our vows here yesterday. Everything was perfect and the planner helped my husband with the whole thing.
5	My husband and I had a fantastic time! After several months of looking at venues and trying to plan for a wedding, we came to Vegas to get married on the spur of the moment instead! We called and they did all the work for us! Our wedding was exactly what we wanted. It was romantic and enjoyable. Our consultant was super sweet and helpful, the minister was fantastic, and the photographer did a great job! There was no stress, only bliss! It was wonderful! And they even offered to have the limo drive us back to our hotel. The girls were very friendly and helpful and when we went back to get our photos, they were just as friendly. We also ordered our marriage certificate through Vegas Wedding Chapel and we received it within four business days.
5	We got married April 2014, and our experience was wonderful. Our relatives were amazed at the wonderful Job that was done. Thanks again for making our day so special and memorable!
