2	Dr. Lillo has always been very kind to me when I've been in his office. However, it is almost impossible to get a call back from him or his assistants. The message says not to leave multiple messages but what can you do if no one is returning your calls over several days or weeks.I have a co worker that I referred to Dr. Lillo because as I said he is a nice doctor but my coworker is having the same trouble I am. No one calls him back. He's had test results in for over a month. He's contacted and confirmed with the lab that the results have been sent to Dr Lillo's office many times over and he has called and left a number of messages requesting a call back but has not heard from them.  Nice isn't enough. I won't be recommending Dr. Lillo again.
5	Dr. Athalye is a great doctor. He is quick but hears you out. Always takes care of the issue and I never have a problem. Been my primary doctor for 4 years now. I will continue to see him.Dr. Athalye is a great doctor. He is quick but hears you out. Always takes care of the issue and I never have a problem. Been my primary doctor for 4 years now. I will continue to see him.Dr. Athalye is a great doctor. He is quick but hears you out. Always takes care of the issue and I never have a problem. Been my primary doctor for 4 years now. I will continue to see him.Dr. Athalye is a great doctor. He is quick but hears you out. Always takes care of the issue and I never have a problem. Been my primary doctor for 4 years now. I will continue to see him.
5	On the hunt for a new Doctor (when my doctor up and retired and the new practice didn't take my insurance) and where to do I turn to - Yelp!I've seen Dr. Lillo now twice this month. The nurses are very friendly and Dr Lillo has been fantastic thus far.  :)First visit - get new scripts before this plan year runs out and my rx benefits change.  I was out of refills anyway. I mention to Dr Lillo that J hates that I snore like a freight train.  Dr. Lillo looks up my nose - Severe blockage - 70% and states that my throat is very small.  Has some suspicions, gives me some allergy nasal meds to try out for a few weeks and wants me to come in at the beginning of the year for a full workup.  Preventative is covered 100%, so why not.  I schedule my appointment. Second visit - I screw up my shoulder/arm this past Monday at class.  I mess it up so bad that I thought J was going to have to rush me to the ER I was in that much pain.  I gutted it out though and scheduled an appointment to see Lillo Tuesday morning.  He checks things out and sends me downstairs for an xray.  Said that due to the holiday it would probably be a few days before they got the results back.  Fast forward to this morning - I get a phone call at 0645.  I answer thinking it's Little C's daycare.  Nope.  It's Dr. Lillo!  What doctor calls to tell you personally your lab/imaging results?!  He said for me to continue taking the meds he prescribed and that we'll reevaluate when I go in in 10 days for my workup (if I need an MRI, etc)  Here's hoping everything resolves itself.  (only thing that sucks is that my deductible starts over Jan 1...stupid me getting hurt at the end of the year.  DOH!)
1	I been going to DR. O'leary for almost a year and it's worser by the visit. The staff is super rude. The staff won't accommodate the fact that you are sick or have an emergency and have to see a doctor. You can't never reach him on the phone. I won't recommend him to anyone.
1	Dr. Athalye and his assistant(s) are the worst examples of customer service and the medical profession. I was sad when I learned by beloved GP Dr. Levins would be leaving Scottsdale Family Health, but I was assured I would be in good hands with Dr. Athalye. It has been anything but! I find him rude and curt...no bedside manner whatsoever. Let me tell you about my most recent experience that has just pushed it over the edge! I have a prescription for a controlled substance that requires me to actually go into the doctor office to pick up a paper scrip, take it to the pharmacy, and wait for it to be filled. I have to do this every 30 days. Fine. It was time for me to fill a new Rx, so I called Dr. Athalye's assistant and asked for my refill. I picked it up on Friday, took it to the pharmacy, only for the pharmacy to tell me it's not the same one I filled last and they wouldn't be able to fill it anyway because of the way it was written. The on-call service wouldn't page Dr. Athalye for this and it was Friday evening and I was completely out of medication. So Monday I call again, tell them it was written incorrectly, and ask for the same scrip I had last month. I pick it up, take it to the pharmacy, and it's STILL the wrong one. The pharmacy also tells me that many other patients with controlled substance prescriptions have doctors who write 3 scrips at time for 30 days each and the pharmacy puts a hold on 2 of them until each 30 day time frame passes.So on Tuesday I call again, tell them it was again written incorrectly to which I receive an argumentative response from the medical assistant. I also ask about the 3-scrip possibility and she tells me they'll write me one scrip for 90 days worth, but not 3 separate ones for 30 days each. HUH??? How does that make sense??? Oh and they'll write it, but she tells me my insurance may reject it. Duh! I ask for just the one 30-day scrip for the same medication I had last time. My husband goes to pick up the scrip for me (some of us are busy, doctor) and guess what?? It's STILL written incorrectly AND they attach a letter stating he is no longer treating me!!! UN-F*CKING-BELIEVABLE!So much for good medical care!
4	Dr. V is great. She really listened to me both times I was in to see her. She is thorough, she explains everything, and she really takes the time to listen.The lady that schedules, though, was very curt and not very pleasant both times I have had to call, but the staff made up for it when I got there.
4	I've seen Dr. Lillo for 10 years or so.  He listens to you and is always attentive, doesn't rush through your appt. I love that he can do back/neck adjustments! I probably see him 2-3 times a year for those alone.
