3	President James K Polk house and museum were a nice family afternoon out of local history. The grounds are well kept and family friendly, the signage is adequate, and the museum on the grounds is a nice touch. The pieces in the museum are period pieces, not authentic to President Polk's family, same as with the house, kitchen, and barn as well.
2	Disappointing. A couple of small period cabins and a forgettable exhibit dedicated to the life of one of our less interesting presidents. The cabins aren't even the actual ones that the Polk family lived in, but comparable ones from the same period, relocated from another site in South Mecklenburg County. You can see the whole thing in about 30 minutes, if you're so inclined. Probably a decent field trip for elementary school kids, but unless you're a serious presidential history buff, not really worth the time.
5	We had to make a quick stop of this place because we were going out of town the next day and had only recently learned of it from a local.  We didnt get to go on tour, and unfortunately the buildings were closed when we went there, so this review is basically for the site and the museum area.   We absolutely loved the experience!   The campaign buttons were amazing, the porcelain, and photos were in pristine condition.   The lady there was very helpful and patient with us. (I didnt see a no photos sign posted in the museum and I snapped a few before she informed me it wasnt allowed, but she was very nice about it.)  While I consider myself a history buff, I dont think this site is limited to only those types of people because it's important for everyone to learn about our past, and appreciate the means in which people had to live in the early days of our country.   President Polk doesnt often get enough credit, being only a one term President, for his involvement in the Mexican-American War and the Annexation of Texas.   The cabins are original from the era, and in this modern day where we've become so dependent on our technology and medical advancements it's amazing to think that the 11th President of the United States of America was born here.   On a site note - it's also a really cute photo site for pictures!  (We saw a couple having photos of their kids taken here around the barn and cabins.  I bet it would make for cute engagement pics too!)
