5	What an amazing event! We had a fantastic preview.of the generous pour event at capital grill. We were able to try samples of six wines paired with delicious seafood and steak. Everything was top quality and we gained valuable knowledge regarding the food and beverages as well. Thank you to the capital grill and Lindsey for a wonderful evening!!
5	This event was super upscale and classy! I had to come late due to my new work schedule, but Lindsey D. & the crew at The Capitol Grille were very accommodating! My favorite app was the scallop and really enjoyed ALL the wine tastings we received! We also had a meat/steak course and everything was delectable! It was nice to meet the head executive chef! Lindsey D. and everyone who helped put this event really knocked my socks off! I cannot wait for the next Elite event!
5	What amazing event. Delicious wines, tasty bites to pair with them and good company to round it all out. I will definitely be back to Capital Grille for some more. Well done!
5	Wine, wine, and more wine! How can you not love a wine tasting event!!!I was so excited about getting into this event since I love wine! Capital Grille is fancy! lol. We got to try 6 different wines that were paired up with little light bites. We started off with the white wines. I'm more of a red wine person but  I really liked the Riesling wine for this one. It was the sweeter one out of the three. However, as far as the food, I lovedddddd the scallops! For the red wines, my favorite type of red wine is Pinot Noir. & theirs was amazing!!!! For the food, my favorite was the Filet Mignon. It was just perfect and melts in your mouth. Yum! lol. Not only did we get spoiled with wine, but we got some Yelp goodies to take home with us! So much fun with my fellow Elites! Thank you so much Lindsey for another great event as always and thank you to Capital Grille for having us!!! =)
5	(Lyrics - Def Leppard - Pour Some Sugar On Me)Yelp is like a bomb, Bo Bites, c'mon get it onYelping like a foodie with an iPhoneLooking like a plan, like an Elite EventCapital Grille, can I be your man?Wining and dining and a Generous PourPinot Noir lover, Bo Bites, go all nightRiesling, anytime, sugar me sweetLittle miss Lindsey come sip with me, yeahHey!C'mon, take a bottle, uncork it upBreak the seal, break it upPour some wine for meOoh, in the name of YelpPour some wine for meC'mon, fire me upPour your wine for meOh, I can't get enoughI sneaked and I peeked with Yelp and Lindsey at the Capital Grille! Indeed it was a night of fun and yum; along with some fine wine and delectable dinning.  We were educated and pampered by some of the best service in town and the ambiance made us all feel like we were sitting in first class!Generous Pour is an interesting program to showcase some of the popular wines available in stores now in specific locations, but also a way to enjoy a taste of what The Capital Grille had to offer.  Needless to say, I'm not wine connoisseur but I do enjoy me a bottle or two!  Along with some of the best pairing I've had in some times, this was an event definitely for the Elites! - Enjoy!
5	What a fantastic event.  I was so impressed with everything they did for us.  They had a private room arranged with nice table settings, it was an intimate and classy event.  We were welcomed and started the wine tasting with the white wines and the fabulous chef Jennifer described each of the tastes she prepared for us.  I loved the scallops with the risotto, so delicious.  Then the red wines came with an assortment of beef tastings.  I loved them all.  Cannot decide which is my favorite.  I was so impressed that I texted my husband and we ended up having dinner there.  I needed more of the beef.  I am not a big beef eater, but I love when it is well prepared and they didn't disappoint. Thank you, Lindsey and the entire staff at Capital Grill for hosting such a magnificent event.
5	The staff at Capital Grill went above above and beyond. But since this is their standard they do it with grace and sophistication without pretension.   I always love the occasion to expose and expand my flavor palate, in combination with the proper education the nuances and deeper elements come through.  Between the staff providing an overview of the wines and the chef description of the preparation and pairings, each taste and morsel individually was amazing, and paired with precision.  This event in 2 words:ElegantDecadent
5	I always love going to The Capital Grille for great drinks AKA Stoli Doli & great food. This was no exception.What a professional team! I loved the wine pairings & really enjoyed the samples of food. I look forward to trying a sit down dinner w/the generous pour in the coming weeks!
5	My first Elite Event in Phoenix and couldn't have had a better experience, especially at such a lovely venue and great quality tastings and service!The Sneak Peek was definitely informational and I loved how all the wines were from CA (represent!) I found a few whites that I fell in love with and I'm totally a red gal. The staff at TCG were amazing and truly talented for putting together a great pairings at the Generous Pour.White | Starter Pairing:-Liberated Riesling with Shrimp, Mango and a light glaze: the best pairing IMO, it was fruity, clean, fresh and the riseling complemented the bite perfectly.-Atalon Sav Blanc and Tomato Watermelon Salad on Arugula: the grassiness of the Sav complimented the minerality in the arugula and went well as it was crisp- Byron Chardonnay and Seared scallop on corn risotto: Great wine to cut through the richness of the marscapone in the risotto but warm enough to go with the buttery, sweetness of the scallopRed | Meat Pairing:-La Crema Pinot Noir and Waygu Beef Carpaccio: I was sold at Pinot and Waygu. Acidic wine and spiciness went well with the cumin flavors of the carpaccio that melted in your mouth.-Freemark Abbey Merlot and Dry Aged Sirloin: Good, deep, spicy Merlot that complimented the nuttiness of the sirloin topped with chimichurri sauce-Arrowood Bordeaux Blend and Filet Mignon: Such a smooth blend that went parallel with the tender Filet on top of Chipolini onions and Porcini mushrooms and garnished with fig essence and au jus. My favorite tasting! Spicy, savory, smooth and sweet.With an amazing tasting, incredible venue, swag bags, raffles, and meeting fellow Phoenix Yelpers it was truly an incredible event. Major round of applause for TCG and Lindsey for putting together an absolutely fantastic event!
5	Most Yelp events are pretty casual laid-back affairs, but this one was a bit of a departure from the norm. Then again, Capital Grill isn't exactly a laid-back casual kind of place. They do classy, they do it well, and they were at the top of their game for this event. While I really try to like wine, I'm super picky and my tastes lean towards the very sweet. Even so, I had a great time trying out these different wines. The riesling was my favorite of the night, but my favorite pairing was the scallop risotto with the chardonnay. They really did compliment each other well and I'm pretty sure I could eat a whole plate of the risotto. Of course, with the red wine course came red meat, and lots of it. Waygu carpaccio seasoned with anice that had me almost licking my plate. The dry aged sirloin and chimichurri sauce pretty well convinced me to come back and try their lunch plates, and the filet was awesome. I got the sense that a few of the people at our table didn't like all of the rare/raw meat, but it was totally fine with me.The atmosphere and service were top notch, and we had a great time at this event. Thanks Capital grill!
5	This was my second event I was fortunate enough to attend at Capital Grille, and this one was as fabulous as the first.  Much more intimate with only 30 guests or so, and CG pulled out all the stops to introduce us to their summer event, The Generous Pour, where you can enjoy 7 wines with your dinner for only an additional $25.  But in Yelp style, we were privileged to taste 3 white wines and 3 red, each paired with one of 6 perfect tastings.  All of the pairings were brilliant, and I was surprised to really enjoy the Carmel Road "Liberated" Riesling which had just a hint of sweetness.  My favorite bite of the evening was the scallop with sweet corn risotto.  And as one can expect, the staff at Capital Grille were top notch professionals and service was flawless.  They also generously provided a few incentives to return later.  So thank you to our awesome CM, Lindsey, who works tirelessly to pull these events together and to Capital Grille for opening your doors and providing us the same wonderful experience you do for all your patrons.
5	Capital Grille always hosts great events and I've had a few other special occasions that were positive experiences as well.  Great food pairings with the wines and liked how informative they were; the chef came out to talk and describe the dishes and the sommelier helped explain the pairings.  All of the staff were courteous and professional and would definitely keep it on my list of great venues.
5	The Capital Grille apparently knows how to pair wine as well as they manage their promotions. The Generous Pour offering was a tremendous experience for understanding the importance of a well matched plate and drink. The fact that they offer this to everyone for $25 (I think) all summer is amazing. Check this out for sure
5	I swear each event is better than the last and this is hands down my favorite yet.  Not only was the wine and food amazing but learning about how and why they chose them.  I'm slowly warming up to wine and events like this have been helping me learn more so I can enjoy them more.Oh, and the drawing at the end was awesome ;) I will without a doubt be going back now.
5	Hmm..where do I start? I've been tip toe'ing around waiting to write this review. It's not enough to say, "Oh. My. Gawd. Amazing." (I felt like I'd be cheating to quickly send a few lines off like that.) This was a *phenomenal* Yelp Elite Event held at one of the most distinguished  restaurants in the Biltmore area. Scratch that. Phoenix. Opening the doors to The Capital Grille is always a delight. More so when Lindsey and team pull off magical experiences like this. A lucky group of us were spoiled with a peak of The Generous Pour. (Caps as this is the official name for a summer wine event ending August 31st.)Before I forget, a shout out must go to Shay Spence. Even though we caught her off guard with the number of questions we had, Shay was thorough in her responses. All of the staff encountered that evening were wonderful. Our table was just very lucky to have Shay for a longer period of time. (Love her!)Our Yelp crew was seated in a private room. (Stuffed with swag bags! Thanks Yelp for the wine charms, luggage tag and playing cards! Thanks to the powers that be at The Capital grill for the Stoli Vodka and Calamari cards. These were both sampled afterwards and very much enjoyed :) Normally the Generous Pour is $25 for seven wines/ per person with a server on hand to pair suggestions. The pairings on our special night were delicious. My world view changed once the scallops over risotto touched my lips. So much so I ordered it after the event. (Note: This undeniably over the top item is *only* available during lunch.) The filet? The carpaccio? Everyone must try this. I have no words. Shrimp over mango? A game changer.The Generous Pour is a great way to explore wines. One Yelper at our table "doesn't like wine". Then he tried the delights offered to us. Now "He's been doing it wrong." (Ha!) I was wowed by everything. Fell in love with a chardonnay, which I didn't think was possible, Bryon, Santa Barbara 2012. The pinot noir, from La Crema, Willamette Valley, 2012, is bookmarked to drink more of. (But frankly, I'd drink all of the white and red wines again in a heartbeat.)Other Awesome Things to Be In The Know:+ Dinner after Dusk ($50 for TWO ppl!). Starts after 8pm+ Lunch special $18 (11am to 4pm)+ Locker Club offers incredible benefits ($350/yearly membership. The Capital Grille has the buying power to procure hard to obtain wines.Now I've completely gone off the deep end with writing. This was quite the event. I'm so happy to have had the experience!
5	What a lovely way to end your day being Wined and Dined by Capital Grille! Beautiful decor, relaxing atmosphere, friendly knowledgeable staff,  delectable dainty dishes, and a preview of the generous pour, who could ask for more!!! My favorite bite of the night was the seared scallop atop a tasty corn risotto and the sweet Riesling wine was perfectly paired with a melon nestled shrimp. After the first three generous pours I can't remember much more. My head was a bit woozy it obviously doesn't take much for me to get boozy!! A few bites and not many sips more..or for me it would have been...one.. two ..three ..floor! Enjoying the company of friends, swag bags and generous giveaways too , on a Thursday night it's the Yelptastic thing to do! Thank you to our Yelp CM hostess with the mostest Lindsey D and Capital Grille who made more than a Wine sipper out of me! :)
5	My first time experiencing The Capital Grille was for this event and I was wowed to say the least.  The service was fantastic all night, both at the event and afterwards with some fellow yelpers in the bar.  We got to sample some delicious wine paired with light bites that were absolutely delicious.  I was impressed from the moment I walked in until walking out a few hours later.  Included in our swag bag was a free cocktail / calamari - which I decided to use immediately.  I will certainly be back and have to commend both Lindsey and everyone else involved for such a fancy and decadent evening!!
