4	I used to do this kind of yoga weekly when I lived in Flagstaff, and the best part was at the end of the 90 minute, 110 degree class is you got to go outside in the cool air afterward. Not in Phoenix, no sir, you get done with the class and go outside where it's nice and hot and then get in your even hotter car. Damn. But this is just me complaining about the unbearable heat, again. The class was awesome. The instructor was friendly and thorough and pretty much remembered everyones names. Be sure if you go to bring a yoga mat, 2 towels, one small one to wipe the dripping sweat off your brow and one to set over your mat so you don't slip on your sweaty mat. Water, it's hot in there. I recommend putting ice in your water too, a little treat. They also had an August first-timer special for a two week unlimited pass it's $25, which is great. I got sick for a week, so only went to two classes. Sucks because after these two weeks, I don't think I'll be able to afford to go anymore, we'll see. It's like $375 for a three month pass and $16 to drop-in, a little pricey for me. That must not be the case for everyone else though, the classes I went to were pretty crowded.
5	My girl friend dragged me through their door 3 years ago.  I wasn't exactly kicking and screaming since I had just looked through the photos of our recent vacation and wondered who the fat f___ was standing next to her.   But since my days of working off the Guinness and combo pizzas in a gym were cut short by knee and joint pain, I knew I needed to find something else to burn the fat, just didn't think it would be yoga.  Now three years and 45 pounds later I try and practice at least 4x per week.  Interesting thing is that the physical benefits of this yoga have become  less important and one of the elements that some find off putting about Bikram (repetition) is what brings me back.  For me, knowing what is coming physically is comforting (as can be in a hot humid room) and frees me to explore and experience my  mind and body working together.   Something that rarely happened in a gym while hooked up to my walkman or tuned into a televisions trying to ignore the hamster vision I get while moving on a treadmill.
5	I was visiting Tempe last week for work and was very excited to find a studio near where I was staying and a time that fit my schedule.  I took the 6am and was so thankful that I got up early in order to partake in this fantastic class.  The studio was so inviting and the instructor was wonderful.  It was a little different for me being in the dry heat of AZ instead of the humid highs of Austin but I loved it!  Thank you for being such a kind and welcoming place.  It's difficult when you travel for work to get your workout in sometimes especially when I prefer one so specialized such as Bikram but they made me feel right at home.
5	Awesome classes and instructors!
5	Having taken very few yoga classes in my life and being an anti-sweat kind of girl, I was very nervous about my first bikram class. But everyone is very welcoming and understanding of the mixture of levels in the class. I signed up for the 2-week trial and went almost every day. The instructors are all friendly and approachable before and after class. Not being familiar with the poses, I'm thankful for the pointers given during the class as well. The yoga room fits about 50 students and is typically close to full, so it's good to get there early and claim your spot. Now that my 2-week trial is over, the price will prohibit me grom going as often but i do plan to continue. It's been great for flexibility, relaxation, and clarity, and I've even noticed that it's made me more tolerant of the summer heat! :)
5	Found this place because it is close to Changing Hands Bookstore where Gary Vaynerchuk is speaking next monday Oct 26 2009 and I want to bring a group to yoga first. This is the closest place.I dont do a lot of Bikram but do enjoy it every so often and the studio setup at BYT is really good. The heating system in the room is setup so that you get consistent temperature the whole class. The teachers are all top notch especially Reba and they do a really awesome deal for $25 if you are new where you get 2 weeks unlimited for free.
5	The Guadalupe and McClintock intersection is my favorite area in Valley.  It has Trader Joe's, Changing Hands Bookstore, and Bikram Yoga.  I've been going to Bikram on and off for years.  In 2009 they went through some renovations and now have an amazing heating system.  The instructors are great and the fellow yogis seem really nice.  The weekend 3pm classes are pretty busy so I try to avoid going during those times.  I love the night classes during the week though and always feel amazing after a class.  If you're looking for a place to do yoga you don't need to look any further than Bikram.
4	I love this studio. After a year of weekly classes here I'm finally out of my membership allotment and I'm fairly sad about it. Each class was different and each instructor had their own flair but the one thing that stayed the same was the welcome attitude and the encouragement. It's truly a great place. However, the classes were a gift, and now that I'm faced with paying for it myself I'm struck by how expensive it is...I'm sure it's due to electricity costs and such but still...I wish they had more options to make it easier for people to afford.
5	I signed up for Yelp specifically to offer a review of this studio. Unfortunately, I live a bit far to commute (currently residing in Davis, California) but when I visit a certain someone I get excited about getting to practice at such a high quality space for sweat. After the yogahigh wore off the second time, I found myself finding pause, wondering what was so different... and then I realized: This place does not smell like a hot yoga studio, let alone a "Bikram hot" yoga studio. And I have visited my fair share of both at this point in my practice. I certainly have a love/hate relationship with practicing Bikram yoga,  when it comes to the mind over matter process of maintaining an even breathing pattern despite the elements. At times, the suffocating, malodorous air, so thick it should hold you up in some of the postures, has more than once solicited my fantasies of grabbing mat and sprinting to the door (good luck getting out).  This said, it is absolutely gripping how much stronger I felt, focused, calm, meditative during my practice at this studio. There are enough other elements in the room that you can "toughen up to" that I appreciate beyond simple words how much effort and money is extended to maintain an odor neutral, clean, welcoming, sanitary, and pleasing yoga studio for their students. Reba is amazing. And I am not just being biased because she shares a name with my mom. During other visits to the studio through the last year I have noticed how much time, and discreet attention is offered to beginners in various stages of their strength and flexibility as they find "their" posture. I have learned more at this Bikram studio than any  others I have laid at mat in. I only wish I could take all my friends, colleagues and coworkers here to begin their journey...
5	Took two classes at Bikram Yoga Tempe and found the facilities and instructors to be top notch. Facilities were very clean and both teachers for my classes were great. The "carpet" is really cool in the yoga room...more like a fuzzy, grippy mat. The humidifier did a pretty good job for Arizona...nothing like Texas where humidity is natural, but enough to make it a nice sweaty class.
2	I love Bikram Yoga however BYT teachers brag about keeping the room cooler and love the fans, air , and doors open. Should just be cold yoga. They don't follow the traditional bikram yoga heat sysstem. They also are like a cell phone company .. really favor new people and forget about long term loyal members.
5	This studio is amazing!  It's spacious, clean and calming.  I visited with a work employee appreciation event and we all had a great time.  The instructor, Gabby, had a wonderful pace, was encouraging and most importantly, clearly knew what she was doing.  While I slowly realized that this form of yoga isn't really for me, I was so grateful that this was the studio I experienced Bikram. To note, this location is fully equipped.  Don't worry if you don't have a mat and don't want to buy them.  They have mats, towels, water, and even a shower if you have to go somewhere right after.  They also use great sanitation practices to keep their mats and towels clean and safe.  This is also a great location to buy yoga clothing.  They have a beautiful and functional collection at reasonable prices.I highly recommend this studio to anyone who has never done Bikram, those who are curious about Bikram, and those who already love Bikram.
5	Signed up with the class via a great Groupon for 60 days at $29.  For my first class, Reba was the instructor.  Great first class to start with as my impression of Reba is that she takes Bikram Yoga seriously without being serious.  It's a bit intimindating at first walking into a 105 degree hot room and seeing folks walk in unphased by the heat.  Reba took a bit of my nervous energy off.Been at it now for two and half weeks and the heat isn't intimidating anymore, in fact it's a bit welcoming.  The first week was a bit rough but by the second week I found myself wanting to find time to attend even more  I prepared myself at the start just to attend regularly three days a week, however I'm already attending five days a week now and considering going daily.After starting to take the classes, the best benefit I've found is my work outs outside of class.  My weightlifting and cardio endurance and flexibility have improved greatly in this short period.  One benefit that surprised me is the cardio throughout the class.  It's mentioned on their site as one of their benefits, but I really didn't believe it.  I call it sneaky cardio as at first you won't notice the build up, but once a posture is done, you'll feel your heart pumping.  As far as specific to the studio all the teacher's have different approaches even though the class in itself is essentially the same.  Some make it fun, others push hard, while others give the value of each posture and others stress technique.  It's a good way to learn.  One thing to make sure you do is to hydrate before and after class.  You will sweat a lot in class.  Although I hydrated well before class, I didn't after class and I got a stinging headache.The only con is that it's expensive.  I'm trying to figure out a way to pay for this after my Groupon expires.  It would be nice for them to offer a 6 month cycle option.  The one month, three month, punch cards and monthly aren't that cost effective and the annual option is a lot to drop in a day.  However, I am considering it!I'll sum up Bikram this way.  Every couple of classes I'll think to myself "what the heck am I doing here, this is brutal!"  However, AFTER the class I always feel accomplished, energized and looking forward to the next class.
5	I have been attending BYT since the beginning of December after purchasing a Groupon for $40 for 60 days. My first class was super challenging, to say the least. I won't lie, it was brutal. The instructor said to come back within 24 hours and I thought she was crazy. I didn't actually make it back for another week but the class was 90% better the second time. Well, I am completely hooked on this yoga and this studio. I can't say enough wonderful things about it! I feel so much better physically, mentally, and emotionally. My pass is getting ready to expire and I am planning on purchasing a 90 day unlimited pass because now I have been going 4-7 times a week and can't get enough! I am currently 11 days into a 30 day challenge and have never felt better. All the instructors that I have had are fabulous for different reasons. They are all so different but all have a great teaching style. Reba is hilarious, Mandy makes me work really hard, Ron & Patrick are so gentle and nurturing and Tricia is very calming. You are in great hands with any of these instructors and this studio!
5	Huh, what?!! Bikram Yoga Tempe is the best yoga studio ever. If I lived in Arizona, I would live right next door. I would do Bikram ten times a day. I would start a cult that involves worshiping these instructors. This is the sweetest smelling yoga studio of all time. The temperature is a perfect 105 degrees, with 60% humidity. The heaters here are super swanky. This is also the largest studio I've ever seen. We must've fit 200 people in one class on New Year's Eve 2010. It was amazing!
4	It would be very hard for me to give any Bikram Studio a bad review, because no matter what, if it is a place you can go and practice, it's good. But I will say this one is a bit different then what I am use to. It's pretty big and well lite, and there is a stage in the front where the instructor stands and they use a microphone to guide the practice. Which again, is all fine, just different, and every class I have attended was still wonderful, and I left sweaty and peaceful....the only drawback is, you never get a foot massage during the back strengthening series, which is understandable in a class of 50+ people.
5	I have been to Bikram studios all over the country and rate Bikram Yoga Tempe as one of the best.  All the instructors over the two weeks I was here were spot on with their dialogue and had awesome tips for everyone, from the newest person to the most experienced.  The studio is CLEAN!  People are friendly!  And above all, their class schedule is HUGE!!
4	Bikram Tempe offers lots of classes and a small locker room that is sufficient for a quick shower as long as you don't mind maybe having to wait 5 minutes.I enjoyed all the instructors and immediately became hooked to Bikram Yoga.  Their comparable in cost to everyone else and a good central location.
5	So I won't lie. I HATED my first Bikram class. I must be a sucker for torture because I came back. Again. And again. Now I am a month into my 2-month Groupon pass and I have attended 28 classes in 35 days and I'm going strong.The instructors are extremely helpful when I have questions about poses. They are also very understanding concerning modifications I have had to make due to an injury.The studio has very even heating due to an updated system. I've been told we're spoiled.Considering going for the 30 classes in 30 days for my second month...
5	I have been to 2 other Bikram Yoga studios in the Valley, and the one at Tempe is by far the best I have been to.  I had to make an appointment online in order to use my Groupon.  I chose 2 dates, and I got an e-mail shortly after giving my second preference.  I could not make that date when I realized a conflict of appointment.  I e-mailed Charles back, and he said no problem in coming another time.When I approached the studio, I was amazed at the size of the studio.  It has such a spacious living room space, locker room, and actual studio.  I was expecting like 100 students, but the student size seemed very normal, and it was great I had more space.  They have orange dots signifying where to place the mat.  This would avoid clashing into classmates and enough breathing room.  The teachers seem to be more involved going around the room trying to help out students.When you finish your first class, they give out a pin of recognition.  It is not much, but the thought matters the most and makes me feel part of the family.
5	So I did a lot of reading about Bikram Yoga before attending my first class and it helped me select a studio that I felt comfortable with.  BYT is a wonderful studio.  Everyone is friendly and welcoming, especially for your first class.  They go out of their way to get to know you and you can tell they genuinely care. I received so much help before, during and after class that I can't say enough about this studio.  Everyone is happy to be there.  I love that they have racks out front to sanitize your mat when you leave and the bathroom and showers are stocked with any toiletry you could need.If you're considering Bikram yoga you owe it to yourself to try them out.
5	This is a really good Bikram studio.  The first class was really hard and it gets a little less challenging but never easy.  I have been practicing for about two months and now just can not wait to go to the next class.
5	Its not about being flexable, thin, having the best postures.. Simply self. YOGA! Open mind ..strong heart..  Then it slowly falls -ToGeThEr:)
2	The instructors don't instruct; instead they stand on their platform and recite the poses.  Bikram is very challenging, and in order to achieve the best results, one must have the right form.  However, that cannot be achieved if the instructor doesn't walk around and correct the students, as numerous students make mistakes.  The guy next to me was struggling and all would have been resolved if the instructor took five seconds to help him.  I also found the class to be militant. Yoga is about finding your inner peace, not taking orders.  The owner reads to you during the two minute savasana between the standing and floor poses, and all I wanted was for him to shut up. Sorry, but I like my two minutes of peace & quiet.  I've been going to bikram for years on the east coast, and I was flabbergasted to see how things are done here.The only great thing about this studio is the friendly attitude of the staff.  The ladies locker room should upgrade with amenities, like q-tips, hair spray, and especially lotion.  Hello?  Arizona is a very dry climate; you need lotion!The facilities are good, but they need some help when it comes to actually teaching.  I'm not sure I want to give this studio my money again.
4	Love going here. I don't care about socializing when I do yoga and am hardly aware of the people around me because I am so focused on myself... in fact a friend of mine was in my same class once and we both didn't realize until we were leaving.. I love bikrim yoga and this is by far the best studios, that I have been to. It's large and spacious so lots of people can practice. The only reason I gave 4 stars is because I am not sure why the room is carpeted... it makes things a little smelly. But other than that I love this place!
3	i have been practicing "regular" yoga for a few years, off and on, and tried out bikram for a couple months over the summer. i even went seven times in the first ten days, and it did help me feel better, overall.so the facilities at this studio are really great. the room is huge and has a soft floor that soaks up all the sweat so there aren't giant puddles everywhere. the air flow and circulation are really great; even though its super hot and humid, the air doesn't feel stale or stagnant.although i honestly feel that going to this bikram practice helped my shoulder begin the recovery process from a pretty serious injury, i do not think bikram is the practice for me, even at this place.i go to yoga for the "zen" aspects and to help build overall strength and flexibility. bikram basically is just holding stretches, not necessarily challenging your strength. and just because you are sweating does not mean you are getting the workout of a lifetime, it just means the room is 105 degrees!one negative aspect of this place is the instructors; they act like this is a boot camp workout."straighten your leg.""STRAIGHTEN YOUR LEG.""STRAIGHTEN YOUR (EFFING) LEG!!!!!!" each repetition of phrases like this would get louder and actually more MEAN sounding. and btw, that was said to the whole class, not just to me individually.i know i might come off as snobby here, but i do not really like many of the people/clients who practice here. many people are soooo inconsiderate of others' practices! i guess that goes to how this is more a trendy fitness bootcamp then a zen yoga practice. some people leave and come back (multiple times?) during class (they say not to). when the practice is over, i like to take a few extra moments in shavasana to collect myself but a bunch of people jump up to leave immediately (nothing wrong with that) but they make so much noise rolling up their mats and just leaving the room, not respecting others practices. also, i got sweat dripped (more like poured!) on me when someone walked right over me with their sweaty mat.and they talk about this bikram guy like he is the second jesus but it just seems like the whole thing is all about money.
5	I'm new to Bikram, so forgive me if this is a biased review, but I really don't think that people reviewing this studio understand what Bikram is about. LOCK YOUR KNEE.Bikram is a torture chamber in high heat and high humidity. No talking. Lock your knee. You have no knee. (They're getting in my brain).That's the point. It's not "hot yoga" where you're doing yoga poses with the instructor and everything is flow-y and nice and happy and sweet. It's hard. You have to focus on your own postures and poses and listening to the words and following to get the right form. LOCK YOUR KNEE.All that being said, I have been going for a week. Tonight will be my sixth class. I'm signing up for more. Because I like to be tortured. Because the staff/instructors at this studio are friendly, helpful, and they know my name (THEY KNOW MY NAME and I've only been going for one week!). LOCK YOUR KNEE.The practice room itself, to me, had a funky smell on my first day. I got used to it. Despite the heat and humidity, you can feel the air moving in the room and it's not stuffy. It's easy to breathe. The heat becomes comfortable. The instructors do come around and help with form (they've all spent some time with me!) LOCK YOUR KNEE.The studio offers $2 rentals for towels and mats, but I think that's gross even though they clean them so I bring my own. I just don't want to share sweat with someone else, no matter how clean the mat or towels might be. LOCK YOUR KNEE. This is good for someone who wants to try Bikram out without committing to buying a mat or yoga towel (I just use regular bath towels). They also have a really nice change room, separate recycling and trash containers, Smart Water and Vita Coco for sale, and I got a "I Survived My First Bikram Class" pin when I survived my first class. LOCK YOUR KNEE.All in all, I loved this place, I love Bikram, and I love it so much that I'm actually redoing my budget to afford this (it IS expensive, but I realized if I quit drinking so many beers and so much coffee, I can afford it AND I'll be healthier in general). Last chance everyone, LOCK YOUR KNEE. And get over to BYT.
5	I bought a groupon in May for BYT. I was looking for a way to exercise that I would stick to as I used to work out for a couple days a week for a week and then not work out for three weeks and repeat. BYT is only a few miles away from where I live. My first class was with Audrey, and without her positive energy I don't know if I would have come back. I didn't think the first class was horrible, and I did come back within the recommended 24 hours. I've found that I prefer some instructors over others, so I just go to the classes that they're teaching. I've never felt that I was being yelled at or pushed too far though- you're encouraged to lay down if you feel too ill. I went 2-3 times a week while my groupon was active, and then decided to go to the Scottsdale studio for a month as they had a deal. Compared to the Scottsdale one, BYT is much cleaner, more friendly, larger, lacks the smell of sweat. I was so happy to come back to BYT even though it was more expensive. I find the staff to be friendly and very open to questions after class. True, some instructors may not correct you as much as others, but if that's the case, find the instructors you like best. Now I go 4-5 times a week. I've lost 10 pounds (which ended up being 2 dress sizes) and no longer need to do physical therapy for my upper back and neck. The bump on the back of my neck from looking down at a computer screen and books is gone. I don't feel as stressed as I did 5 months ago.If you want to practice Bikram in the Valley, start here.
5	I'm so glad I found this studio.  I feel like it's my new home.  I always feel welcome here, like I'm part of a family.  I have loved every instructor here.  Each has their own style but I still feel pushed in a positive way and I've really progressed here.  They are super friendly and always greet me by name, even after having only met me once.  And the same goes for the other students.  Friendly, non-competitive, encouraging and helpful.The studio is large and there is always plenty of room.  I like how I can choose the extremeness of the heat as one side of the room is hotter than the other.  Don't get me wrong.  It's hot.  Just that one side has the humidifiers on it and it can be REALLY hot near them.  The room has good air circulation and it doesn't get too stuffy and I feel like I can breathe.Bikram yoga is the only exercise I've found that I can really stick with.  Even with working 12-hour shifts I can find the time.  I don't feel right unless I go.  It gives me a clearer mind, clearer skin and clearer sight.  I have more energy and I only feel like eating healthy foods.  I sleep better and have less back pain.  I only wish I had started a long time ago, but as Bikram says, "You're never too old, never too bad, never too late and never too sick to start from the scratch once again."
3	I really enjoy going to this studio. I feel very comfortable here. There is a nice, clean, and friendly environment. Recently, I have been trying to get back into going to class. I, personally, do not like being singled out during class numerous times because the instructor saw me write my name down on the sign in sheet. Also, why tell us we can drink water whenever we need to when you're just going to tell us not to when we try to take a quick sip? Other than that, I really do enjoy practicing Bikram here, but sometimes I feel the instructors can be a little overbearing.
3	I signed up for the 2 week unlimited classes for first times students for $25 having never done any type of yoga before in my life.  I have no other yoga studio of any type to compare it to.It was hot, it's supposed to be hot.It was kind of difficult.  For a class to be for all skill levels, some of the posititions just couldn't be done fully, which I understand.  However some of the instructors are better with helping out when you are doing something wrong.  Not sure if it's for lack of noticing or for lack of caring.In the end I just didn't think it was worth the money to continue.  $25 for the first 2 weeks unlimited turns into $150 for 30 days unlimited.
5	I've been practicing yoga here for years... and after trying a couple other studios along the way, nothing else compares to Bikram Yoga Tempe.  The yoga room is huge, hot, perfectly lit, and very well ventilated.  The instructors are fantastic... helping individuals who struggle, while at the same time sticking to the Bikram dialogue.  The entire studio is clean, the atmosphere is inviting, and the front desk staff are a pleasure to work with.  BYT is an absolute gem for the city of Tempe.
3	Little known fact: All of the "Bikram Yoga ___" are independently owned and managed, so any package that you buy at any of them can only be used at that specific location.Aaaaaand on with the review. But wait! Here is my small disclaimer: BYT is doing a big remodel this week and closing for 4 days. I have no clue what the place will look like after the remodel so this review is purely based on the current status. I will happily issue a follow-up if my experience changes post-remodel.BYT is one of the more well-known Bikram places in the valley as it has been there for 10 years. Over the years they have increased their student-base making every class completely at capacity with new and regular students. The studio itself is very tiny. The yoga hall is standard but their lobby and bathrooms are crammed to say the least. The bathroom area has 2 toilets, 2 showers and 2 sinks all within a tiny space. This makes it extremely hard to get in/out when other people are nearby. The cubby-hole area has 2 benches for ladies to change- yet right before/after class it becomes a mad house of people moving around, trying to fit into an area where they can change, reach for their bags or go to the toilet. The whole studio is just too damn crammed. To make matters worse, the bathroom entrance is blocked by a small desk (filled with business cards from different shops) and racks of clothes for sale. The yoga success itself varies from teacher to teacher. Some of them are very funny and kind and keep you upbeat. Others wear tiny boxer briefs and let it all "hang out" (first time I ever regretted being in the front row). The staff behind the counter is usually very nice and they make a point to get to know all the students and keep up with their schedule and progress. The one big problem I have with BYT is the smell. That sweaty sweaty smell that turns people off from Bikram so much. I used to assume that this would happen regardless and I would have to get used to it, but after going to several studios I've noticed that Bikram studios DON'T HAVE TO smell like swamp ass, they can actually smell like nothing. Like clean. Like a dead llama didn't just rot there. BYT definitely has a punch of a smell when you walk into the hot room, and unfortunately its also present in the locker rooms and bathrooms.Like every other bikram place, the exercises, timing and heat don't change, so the only comparable things are the teachers, staff and studio itself. I think BYT is a great place to exercise and meet people, but they have a lot of improvements to do. I'm crossing my fingers and toes for an amazing remodel and for a positive follow-up experience on the smell and space. Good luck BYT!
3	Okay I have been thinking about this place for awhile before I wrote this review.  Before buying a groupon to here I had taken just about every group fitness class in the books.  Before you go here this is what you need to know.Pros:You will get an intense workout-You will not be the ugliest person there-Going along with that no one will care how you look because you will be HOT and Sweaty-I did see an increase in my flexibility after taking a few classes-Everyone I know who practices regularly looks young and amazingCons: There is no music it is dead silence-It smells like a sweaty middle school locker room (which I imagine all bikram does) the carpet also grosses me out-You will feel like you are at bootcamp, this is not a zen relaxing kind of yoga-If you are even the least bit out of shape you will inevitably feel like vomiting and will most likely spend some time on your mat wanting to die-I was dead tired afterwards-I read in a few other reviews that people had issues with their memberships and illness.  I am guessing that in sweating that much you lose some immunities as I had the first fever I have had in decades about a week after starting here.-The instructors stand on a podium and tell you what to do...they don't show you at allOverall, I think the whole bikram thing may not be for me.  I have heard of other places that have music and make it more fun which I think might be worth checking out, but unfortunately I think it will be awhile before I try this again.
5	This was my first time trying Bikram Yoga and I loved it! The website has tons of useful information that helped me before my first session. I decided on the First Timer 2 Week Unlimited deal they have on their site for $25. I made a commitment and went everyday for two weeks and I really saw results quickly. I highly recommend trying out the first timer deal to see if Bikram Yoga is for you.
5	Absolutely love this studio!! This studio tops them all.  But before I begin lets clear the (humid) air. Yes it is hard!  Yes it is silent! Yes it is hot! Yes it is very humid!  Wait, why do I love this without be a sadomasochist? I'll explain a little lower in my review. It's in my option harder than *almost* any other type of workout I've tried. I'm 100% serious when I say that. Whether you go all the way in each pose or just stand/ sit in the room. There is SO MUCH to benefit from doing bikram yoga.I've been an athlete my entire life (from the time I can remember and per my parents photos even before that - hello jungle gym).  Anyway, to keep it short, I've broken/fractured a few bones in my life... recently and decades ago. All were in not so awesome places like my feet, back, hand...femur. I thought I'd have to quit rock climbing, running and cross fit. Thanks to this studio and bikram yoga all of my pains are gone. My foot pain would wake me up in the middle of the night for years. It stopped after my 2nd week here (about 10 days total practice). After my first class my feet were sore! I never thought that could happen but now I know the muscles were weak and were contributing to the pain.  I even saw two podiatrists who recommended killing the nerve in my foot. I'm glad I tried yoga and didn't go with the Dr's recommendations. I'm blown away as I already had muscle, worked out daily and ate healthy before coming here. I also would get occasional back pains from another injury that I haven't had since I started practicing bikram. I can even do camel pose (knelling backbend) without any pain or discomfort. SO COOL!I like all of the instructors, but I think my favorite instructor is Audrey. I'm not sure how she does it, but at the exact moment when I close my eyes she'll firmly state "keep your eyes open". In the back of my head I'm thinking 'Was she watching me? No way, I'm not even facing her.' And of course right when I'm getting lightheaded she reminds everyone to breath. Again, another thought in my mind asking if she's watching me or if she's just that good? All of the instructors repeat the same exact movements, how to perform them and then how to go further. I like this approach as it's very methodical, controlled, predictable and allows me time for move without injury.The yoga room has carpet. Some people say it's gross, I really like it compared to the wood floors. I've managed to accidentally do the splits on wood floors in other yoga studios... super ouchie... totally embarrassing. They allow the new students to sit in the back to watch others and to get some of the cool breeze when someone walks through the exit door.  My first yoga class here was really difficult. I thought I was going to pass out several times so I ended up sitting most of the time. It really amazed me to see how you can get such a workout from something that seems so easy and simple. It took about 4 classes(in a row) for me to be able to keep going and not have to sit down.The instructors are compassionate about yoga but make sure their student are always ok. I've seen them bring Kleenex, water, and coconut water to people who were definitely in need of these items. Sometimes I think people get overwhelmed by the class because it's different and sometimes can be packed. Anyhoo, I can completely focus on one thing and let everything else go for the 90 minutes while getting an amazing workout. It truly is "me" time. Not to be selfish but I look forward to it everyday and miss it when I can't make it.
5	LOVE this place. Extremely knowledgeable, accommodating and (most importantly) friendly staff. I'm a new regular-- I admit that Bikram, no matter where you go, IS on the pricey side-- but the health and sanity benefits I've experienced since starting my practice outweighs the $99/month charge. It is a TOUGH workout. Seriously. The only goal your first class is simply to stay in the room for the full 90 minutes. It's intense-- but you will have the greatest sense of accomplishment once you are done! I've recommended this place to many of my friends, and not one of them has been disappointed.BYT frequently advertises unlimited month-long memberships on Groupon, which I highly suggest purchasing. That's how I got started!It's definitely NOT hoity-toity or snooty. The other yogis are super-nice, REAL people who are supportive of each other.Also, they just had a remodel of their lobby and changing room areas. Classy, eco-friendly & beautiful!Bottom line? If you are adventurous enough to try a legit DIFFICULT workout, Bikram Yoga Tempe is definitely the place to go.
5	So my wife found this place, off a groupon I think, and what a lovely find.  I went for my first time with her today, and was friendly welcomed into the class with a few helpful words from the teacher, Ron.  By the Ron is awesome.  If you are looking for a solid yoga workout with friendly staff to boot; look no further.  Highly recommended.
4	I recently finished using my 30 day unlimited pass. The Tempe location is the last of the 3 Bikram locations I've tried since January.  You do get the most bang for your buck by sticking with one location and taking advantage of the 20% off a class package.It really is a state-of-the-art studio. The the studio itself has none of the sweaty "smell" mentioned in the other reviews. The anti-microbial "carpet" is my favorite flooring of all the Bikram locations I've been to. The corner farthest from the lobby door really IS the HOT side of the room but there are several fans so you can set your mat up near one to catch a hot breeze. Check out their website for lots of useful info about yoga etiquette & how to be ready for your first Bikram class. The shower/sink area is TINY for the number of people using the dressing room. This location is celebrating their 10 year anniversary & is always BUSY!! Each class typically 40+ students in it & I think they MAX out around 50. Yes 50!! So the size of the class itself can be a bit intimidating if you're new to Bikram. The routine seems to be get there as early as you can, go lay out your mat in the spot of your choice & then sit in the lobby until 2 min before class.I've tried to change it up & try class with at least 10 different teachers. While the dialogue is basically the same, each one has their own energy & style. You can check the schedule online if you want to choose your class specific to the instructor. And several of the instructors actually do teach at more than one location. I really enjoyed classes with Charles, Ben & Jeremy.  All of them reminded us about the importance of BREATHING! My favorites phrase from Charles is so simple: " I am inhaling. I am exhaling." It really helped me focus on controlling my breathing :) One instructor actually finished about 8 minutes early and I did feel rushed! I was hoping it was just a fluke but the 2nd time I took her class the same thing happened.  There were 4 or 5 first-time Bikram students in the class and not once did she remind us about a 5 second in / 5 second out breath. Nor did she talk about how they might be feeling or say it was ok to take a knee or lie down if needed.  If she offered up a little more guidance we would probably finish at 90 minutes. I hate to say it but I probably won't be taking her class again.
1	I love Bikram. THIS PLACE SMELLS LIKE CRAP.  They must resolve the carpet (yes CARPET!)   + sweaty people + heat+ humidity situation.  Not a good combination.  I am not convinced that it's sanitary or healthy.  Friendly people, but I couldn't get past the smell or fear that I was leaving with a deadly bacteria because of the carpet.
4	I enjoy Bikram. This studio is well kept.The staff and instructors are quite knowledgeable.To practice, it costs a pretty penny. Some people, however, will reason that it is but a small price to pay for better health.Am a student on a budget. Mum and Dad is not paying for my living expenses or uni... And Bikram.*lol*Be warned, it does smell once you are in there. If you can by pass this, you might just find your zen, even if its only 90minutes out of your day. ;)Xx
5	I absolutely love this studio!!!I have been to all of the Bikram studios in Phoenix and this is by far the best one. It is a very clean yoga studio! The instructors are awesome- I always learn something new and improve my practice with every class. I live about 20-30 min from this studio but make the hike because it's the best!
5	Love love love this place.And this is several classes in; after THE WORST YOGA EXPERIENCE EVER* at Phoenix Bikram on Camelback and Central. Which is 5 minutes away, and I happily drive  40 to Tempe for Bikram Yoga on Guadalupe and McClintock. Serious hot yoga seeking folks-incredible experience. I was very leery due due my experience with "Robert" at Bikram aka "Dic-kram" at Phoenix Bikram. But I am totally blissfully loving Tempe. Only place to go, since Dawn at Hot Yoga (16th st & Bethany) passed away. Namaste Dawn, you are missed. I was shocked to read of your passing. Thank you for the classes.
2	Clean studio.  However- Yoga Nazis.  Regimented. Most of the good teachers have left. Check out summits or inner vision to find hot classes with teachers who encourage you to listen to your body and not push it..this is not a fun atmosphere for yoga. No more injuries after switching to teachers and studios who encourage modifying and gentle nurturing corrections.
4	I went to this studio once when they offered a free weekend promotion. It was a very nice experience. The studio offered free water samples which was great since I didn't have my water that day. It was just enough to wet the palate and not get full in class. The room was huge, or at least seemed huge because of the high ceilings. No, it was huge, but cold despite being a packed house. Maybe it was because of the cold weather that day or I'm not sure, but it was basically cold in there. Other than that, I enjoyed the class. The teacher was okay. I don't remember his name. He didn't make a point of asking for any new student names or anything. Not too impressed by that teacher, but I loved the restroom. Lol. The ladies' showers were so clean! I loved that they provided soap, shampoo, and conditioner. Maybe I love the shower more than the studio! Hey, it's important when a facility is clean. It lets you know that management is up to snuff and the staff cares. I would come back here but I'm loyal to another studio. I just had to give it a try. It's a nice place, cold but very welcoming and clean.
5	I absolutely love this studio, the practice and the instructors.  I used to practice yoga regularly, but had neglected my practice for a while and had never tried any form of hot yoga.  But this past holiday season, on one of those days where you're running errands and you can feel the cranky stress of a lot of people you come across, I happened to drive by the BYT as it is right by my house.  A class had just let out and the most radiant, happy and healthy looking people emerged from the building- a stark contrast to what I had been encountering all day.  I thought to myself: I want what they're having!So I recently purchased a groupon to try it out and I am hooked already and am purchasing a membership to continue this goodness.  I feel incredibly energized, my skin feels amazing and I have shed several pounds already, but most of all my body and whole self just feels really good.I had heard from a number of friends that it is a super dogmatic practice with ridiculous antics and so on.  This has not been my experience at BYT, where the staff immediately remembered who I am, are so warm, friendly and encouraging and are always available for pointers if you need them.  Michelle who does the 9am class is fantastic and makes the practice not feel intimidating while still encouraging you to push yourself.I certainly recommend this place to anyone looking to boost their energy and feel better overall while in the company of people with really good energy.
5	This place is incredible!  I have been going at least 3 times a week for a year now, and it is my 'happy place' for sure.  EVERY SINGLE teacher is fantastic, the studio is always spotlessly clean, the hot room is big and airy instead of dark and claustrophobic like some other hot studios.  The owners and desk staff genuinely care about the practitioners.  Love this place!
5	I've been coming here since July. I had never done Bikram before that. Since then I have realized..-This studio is huge compared to others and there is usually always a place to stand to view yourself in the mirror and not be on top of somebody else-Most of the instructors and staff are very knowledgeable and willing to help you if you have questions or struggles - I feel safe bringing my stuff in here while I am in class, I'm not worried about my bag being stolen- The facility is very clean- Like any Bikram studio there may be a smell but with a bunch of sweating people eating who knows what kind of food it might be a little smelly. - I love that they have tea tree spray to spray off your mat whenever you are done, I always look forward to drenching my mat after class!If you've never done Bikram before or if you have this is definitely a great place to come and feel better about yourself whenever you leave!
5	Super friendly staff! They made my out of town drop in feel like home. Huge studio that can fit up to 100 students
5	I'm in the middle of a move from NYC to Phoenix and all the stress involved called for a Bikram class to help me relax. Overall, this studio is one of the best that I've visited. It's CLEAN, the instructors and staff are completely welcoming, and the studio has a good selection of classes.
5	First impression, this place was warm, cozy, and great service. The staffs very friendly and all the instructors very talkative. I thought I couldn't survived on the 1st day but I did...lol. For water bottle, they sale very great one from hydro flask. If you forget to bring your mat, you can rent it for $2 and don't forget to spray it with the cleaner outside the studio and hang dry. Bring a lot of water and 2 big towels (they sale it too if you don't bring one).You can get cheaper membership on Groupon.Overall, it's very great experience in here.
5	Hands down one of the best studios I've ever been to. The studio, instructors, yogis are friendly, welcoming and come in all varieties. They know what they are doing and have fun while practicing to be well. I heart them.
5	This place is so consistently clean, has plenty of classes and AWESOME TEACHERS! I love that they have expanded the dressing and shower facility, they also have the greatest  floors to practice on and the AIR IS FILTRATED so it's never stinky! The owners take pride in their studio as shown by putting money back into it and are always there either teaching or interacting with their customers/employees.To find an exercise for the mind, body and spirit to which you can spend decades perfecting and growing into is truly a blessing and having a top notch studio to practice in that is equally dedicated to this art is getting to 'have it all'!There are many forms of yoga and I have tried a few but Bikram is the one that I'm hooked on. Thanks Ben, Elaina and all the staff and friends that I"ve made at this studio that encourage me!
