4	Please do not confuse this place with Yummy Grill & Sushi- they are two separate places and are completely different.  OYummy is fantastic- I have never had sushi DELIVERED before and it's a wonderful service when you feel like schlubbing but know you should eat something good.  Whether you pick it up or they bring it to you, it is fresh, wonderfully presented and tastes amazing.  My favorites are the Vegas roll, Baked Salmon roll and the Shumai Shrimp Dumplings.  There is a young, hip, Japanese staff that apparently really cares about their product, because they are always consistent.  Whenver we have sushi anyplace else, OYummy is who we compare it to, "It's good, but it's no OYummy.".
4	Won't lie, dining in is not the best experience...especially after the flat screen television was stolen from the place, but even then O' Yummy is excellent! The atmosphere is fair, and the food is awesome. There is a great variety of delicious rolls to choose from. The BBQ dishes are also great, if you don't feel like seafood. It is also wonderful that there is delivery and call ins for pick up orders. If you are on the run, it's always good to order ahead of time and then be able to pick up your orders. Some of my favorites are the dragon roll, spider roll, spicy baked salmon roll, Las Vegas roll, California tempura roll...well, I suppose most of the rolls are my favorite =]The staff is also very nice and there is diversity. There only used to be a group of Korean students and staff who ran the place but now, there are new faces to be met.
3	Two words= SHRIMP SHUMAI... I love the fried shrimp shumai here, they 're not tiny like at other places - it's sooo good. The shrimp fried rice is good too.The rest of the food is pretty standard Japanese fast food fare. For the shrimp shumai it's worth a drive...
5	I love this place, it's cute and small and EVERYTHING is good. I would recommend the Las Vegas Roll (4 different kinds of fish, cream cheese, deep fried.. delicious!)
4	I am very surprised this place only has so few reviews. It was delicious and reasonably priced. I have been a loyal fan of Sushi Bay for years, but was meeting with sis in this area for dessert so we decided to grab lunch first instead. The server was friendly and accommodating. They have a solid selection of sushi and the two rolls that we ordered we promptly inhaled. I will be returning.
4	We've been to this little eatery a few times now for lunch and dinner. We've had some of their sushi, rolls and hot dishes. All in all this restaurant is tasty and a pleasure to dine at.The restaurant itself is clean and friendly. The service is attentive and prompt. On the whole it is a very comfortable little place to eat your food at. And the prices are reasonable.
5	Great food! I usually order take out... not a let down so far. I recommend the Sahara Roll if you want something light and tasty.
5	My absolute favorite sushi spot! The owners are amazingly sweet & nice; one is also the sushi chef & cook. Their menu is unique & very diverse. The place itself is small & quaint, but very comfortable & inviting. My favorites:- Baked Green Mussels (the sauce is delicious!)- Salmon Tempura Roll- Lobster Roll- Baked Salmon Roll
4	This place is awesome.  I come here quite often.  The price is right, the service is good!  The Las Vegas roll is yummy!  One of my favorite spots for sushi!
3	This place has changed since the last time I stopped in here.  The service was prompt with seating and taking the order, but for being the only other person in there at the time, it seemed like it took a ridiculously long time to wait for the food.  Even high class, way more expensive places bring you food faster then this place.The food was ok, nothing special that would make us go back again especially when there are so many sushi places to choose from.  I would not completely rule this place out but it does not even fall into a top 20 list.  They used to be much better and faster.
