4	Best Features:Extremely nice and helpful staff. Great room layout. Worst Features:Minor problems with utilities. Some did not work until we had the staff bring batteries or make repairs.Needs instructions for dialing. phone is confusing for someone who doesn't normally use office phones from 1987.Need warning for ice maker. You have to turn it on when you enter...or there is no ice.Bottom line: A great hotel for the price that is not too far from downtown Charlotte.Side note: I've been staying here for about 3 or 4 years now. It's a great place.
4	We drove in from Raleigh to go to a Bobcats basketball game and decided to stay overnight instead of driving back after the game. We had some Priority Rewards points and after researching our options decided that we liked the location and amenities of this hotel. We checked in shortly before 3pm (the check-in time) and were given a room on the top floor facing a marsh (i.e. a nice room). The clerk at the front desk was very friendly and attentive when we checked-in and addressed us by name every time we went in or out of the hotel. The room was spacious, well appointed and clean. Some of the appliances (full refrigerator, dishwasher, two burner stovetop and microwave) in the kitchenette were a bit dated, but they were fully functional and all of the other fixtures in the room were clearly updated within the past few years. The cupboards were stocked with dishes for two and all appropriate cooking utensils, there was also a kitchen sink and a roll of paper towel above it. The kitchen had bamboo-like flooring, the bathroom was all tiled and the rest of the room was carpeted. The built-in along the wall beyond the kitchen included a table and chair as well as a desk space and an office chair, there were some large drawers and the flat-screen TV was mounted in the corner. The window was large and fully-operable (side-to-side); it also had a screen. It had decorative curtains, sheer curtains and black out curtains.The bed had a nightstand and table lamp on one side and a floor lamp with a small table attached on the other, beyond the floor lamp was a comfortable recliner. Available  electrical outlets (as in not used by lamps, clocks, etc.) were easily accessible on both sides of the bed. The bathroom (like the kitchen) was recently updated and included ample cabinet and counter space as well as a spacious bathtub/shower with a curved shower rod (to give you more elbow room).Just inside the door (technically in the kitchen) was a spacious closet.I know this is a lot of detail on the room, but when I stay in the hotel it's my home away from home and it's important that I'm comfortable... I was very comfortable at this Candlewood Suites and would definitely stay there again!!Side note: When we got out of the game it was almost 11pm, my boyfriend was hungry and ever place we passed was closed. When we got back to the hotel we saw a sign that said the Candlewood Cupboard (convenience store) was open 24 hrs, so we went and grabbed him a soup; we went to the front desk and asked the (same) clerk if we could pay him for it, he asked us to wait until we checked out (since he was just wrapping up the nightly paperwork) and told us he'd remember... he did :-)
5	STAFF:  The most kind hotel staff I've had the chance to meet.  Atmosphere was down to earth, professional and efficient.  A well oiled staff no matter who was at the front desk.  All policies stayed the same from person to person.I'd like to make special mention of Joe (staffer), who didn't rush me off but listened to my request and immediately went into action to do research and obtain information about relocating to the area.  Joe was a positive person and nothing but a gentleman.  Southern hospitality DOES still exist!FACILITY:  NO noise!  I mean absolutely no noise from the hall or surrounding rooms.  Parking was plentiful and easily accessible; no long walks to your car.  The parking lot was well lit and I observed no shenanigans during my week stay.  CONVENIENCE STORE:  A pretty neat concept where you purchase necessities (Tide, Chips, Soda, etc.) and you are billed - - All on the Honor System!  Sweet!ROOM:  The room was clean and smelled good.  I am very particular about cigarette smoke!  The bed slept like a Dream!  The room was spacious.  The full kitchen was convenient; included a refrigerator, stove, microwave, pots/pans, dishes, glasses, coffee cups and to go coffee cups, colander and a pyrex dish for microwavable items.My only complaint was that I had NO cell service whatsoever while in the room to which I asked one of the hotel staff and they immediately asked if I had SPRINT which I do.  Wowzers!  That's definitely going to be another review.  Humpf!Overall my 7 day stay felt like I was right at home and it can't get any better than that!
4	It was clean and comfortable. I'm giving it a 4 because I was bothered at twice by the room attendants despite having my "Do Not Disturb" sign out.
4	I stayed at this location about a month ago and my stay was very pleasant. The surrounding area had very nice places to eat and shop. The hotel itself was clean and quiet and the staff made us feel very welcomed. Our room had everything we needed soft towels, clean bathroom, nice kitchen. The only thing that prevents me from giving them five stars is the sofa bed mattress was very uncomfortable to sleep on, but the staff did provide extra blankets. Other then that I defiantly recommend a stay here.
5	This hotel was a great stop on our way through North Carolina. The staff is incredibly nice and the hotel is clean and smells fresh.They have an awesome "lending locker" I. The front lobby where you use board games, blenders etc.Definitely will stay here again!
