3	Friendly staff and $5 large pizzas make this Little Caesar's Pizza a good choice for a quick weeknight meal.  Just like most Little Caesar's locations, the heart of this business is their $5 carry-out deal.  You can expect a bit of a line during the dinner rush, but it usually moves quite quickly.  You can't beat the value here.  They have got a good thing going, and I doubt it will change any time soon.
4	nice place nice people   never experienced a line here
3	Not bad for $5 pizza. In fact I've tasted worse for twice the price. I haven't tried he rest of their menu, so I tried ordering chicken wangs once since I was craving some. The wangs are too small and there was too much sauce. Service can be a hit or miss. Hot n Ready can be pipping hot and fresh, or been out for a while, so yeah a bit inconsistent also. But for the most part, whenever I am in need of a pizza fixin' I stop by here and get two large cheese on the go.
5	My boyfriend and I actually live by the Rainbow location. We've ordered food there & their service is AWFUL. We wanted to try this location hoping it was a different story.We walked in at 10:45PM, Ross (the assistant manager) took our order, he was quick, accurate & polite (I truly appreciated his helpful attitude). We food was COOKED TO ORDER. One pepperoni pizza with light sauce, the other cheese with light sauce, an order of crazy bread. The food was delicious & I couldn't of asked for better service. I will be back to this location soon.
2	Not a very good Little Caesar's experience. I phoned the order in and got there to discover they'd made the wrong pizza. They remake our pizza, no discount of any kind for my wait, and it barely has any toppings on it. Not very happy with our experience.
2	Little Caesers has surprised me by staying open this long, I ordered a cheese pizza from here and buffalo wings.... The wings were a $1 more than the pizza, however they were just ok, nothing interesting. And the pizza was doughy still like it should have been put through one more time in the oven. But for $5 you can't go wrong if you just are real hungry and want pizza.
2	I'm not a lover of pizza, and you've got to be able to carry out, because there is no seating! The $5.00 One topping pizza deal is awesome!!!! The pepperoni is always ready! The quality of the Pizza is good. Better than higher priced competitors, that deliver.The ingredients are cheap, to keep the price down.Customer Service needs improvement. They make you feel like they want to get rid of you.For the price, I'd go back. Not for quality, or customer service.
3	I've purchased pizza from here more times than I care to admit. $5 for a large pizza is not a bad deal and pretty hard to pass up after a long day when you're too tired to cook. The pizza is fine. Certainly not the best pizza ever, but for $5 you can't really expect too much. We've never had to wait very long to get our food, even on Friday nights when it seems to be busiest. If we are ever worried about waiting, we call in the order. When my husband gets the pizza and brings our 3-year-old son in, the workers there often give our son free cookies. He definitely enjoys it (who doesn't like free cookies?). Overall, it's cheap food, but it's decent cheap food.
5	Little Caesars deserves more than five star considering the quality/service for only $5
1	Officially offended by this place. Employees talking about her husband getting hit by a car, swallowing, sexualness of each race, and screaming. Repulsed.  Did I mention the manager was standing there laughing with them?
1	Forgot these guys. Corporate BS. The girl on the phone didnt tell me the price over the phone so i made the trip thinking im paying under nine dollars for my pizza and its 7-8 dollars extra for veggies. I don't think so! And then the non helpful manager without a nametag said im basically screwed.
1	Came for lunch lunch special, "ready when you are". Not true. They wanted me to wait for 15 mins. Left with no pizza.
3	I mean how can you not LOVE a five dollar pizza pie.. And wings are not bad either the fact that you don't have to wait either makes it a plus ;) all in all if your in a hurry and have some valet money stop by and get you some
4	Its ok looks clean I got pizza there few times it was fast and good enough for the price you paying . Not to busy  much better then rest of them I think .
4	Never tried Little Caesar's before but the pretzel crust pizza intrigued me.I went in around 9:30 and waited 5-10 minutes for a fresh six dollar pizza. It was very good. The "pretzel crust" was just normal crust with salt sprinkled on it but it was still tasty.The place was clean and the staff was extremely friendly and courteous. The food is cheap and delicious. I will be back.
1	The look I got when I asked if the customers is always right ...I got noThis place is exactly what is wrong with the country as a customer wanting to pay for something they standby their corporate structure and unavailability to think outside the box they are perfect robots.
3	One of my staples. I no longer get asked for my ID when using my credit card...very bad sign. Just can't beat the hot and ready deal and crazy bread! I may get my pizza here all the time, but the price is pretty close the quality. However, totally worth it in a pinch.
4	Where else can you feed 2-3 people for $5?? i personally am not a HUGE fan of their pizza, but I am a huge deal of something being hot and ready for me to put in my mouth when I am in a rush. I did have a slightly annoying thing happen during my most recent trip. I went in to pick up a cheese pizza so I grabbed only my debit card and walked into the car. I was told she HAD to have my ID in order to swipe my card. My card is signed on the back and its a FIVE DOLLAR transaction. I realize id theft is real... but I think I would be balling slightly harder than a $5 pizza if I were going to steal someones card. Rather than argue, I just ran back out to my car and grabbed my ID. I was pressed for time, so I found this kind of annoying. I wanted to try the pretzel crust, but they only make those after 4pm, I will have to go back and try that another time :)Overall an enjoyable pizza. :)
1	This review applies to the Durango / Warm Springs LV location.So I had to pick up dinner for my family, most notably one of my kids who was having a late after school practice session. I ordered two pepperoni pizza's and when I picked them up, I asked if they could put three pieces in a separate small box for my kid. The clerk, a teenager, looked a little clueless about this request, and went to ask her manager, which is understandable, as she doesn't have the power to make such a mind altering executive decision. The manager replied that they could not touch the pizza once it came out and that the answer was "no." So it's okay to touch it before it goes into the oven, but after that, no. Got it. She then said "my manager said I could give you bread stick bags." I said "you don't have a small box?" and she replied that the request was impossible. So she gives me these paper bags. I open the pizza box at the counter to start to separate the slices into these narrow bags for my kid, which is clearly not working. The pizza is piping hot, burning my hands, cheese is going everywhere and it's not even sliced right, so I'm having to pull the scalding pizza slice off with my fingers and then place it in a skinny paper bag. The manager sees my frustration and says "is everything okay." and I say, "Can I just have a small box to put these slices in? This really isn't working." He replies that they don't have a small box. "Anything? Something you put breadsticks in or something?" "No."I then spot a small box out of the corner of my eye that has cinnamon shit in it or something. "I just saw a small box. Can't you give me one of those?""Uh, no. We track our boxes."What happens when one of the boxes falls on the floor? Or gets contaminated? How do you account for it then? It was clear that he just did not want to account for a missing box when clearly he could have. "How much would it be to BUY a box," thinking it would be fifty cents or something. "Four dollars." I shook my head and walked out. Customer service should be your first priority, Little Caesars, especially with Yelp now. Pfffff.
