2	Nice and clean place. But this is pretty it. We ordered the Fishsoup, which is supposed to be a house specialty and bah was it bad. The broth tasted like water with red hot pepper flakes. No taste at all!! There were only 2 tiny pieces of Monkfish and as for the rest a little raddish and a whole bunch of cropped beansprouts.I guess the owner realized it and he brought a little dish with soy sauce and wasabi. I was in a state of shock. We did not order Sushi..we ordered Fishsoup! And we payed 14 bucks for this s***? The best part of our dinner were the side dishes. One was a green pepper and we were two people.When my husband jokingly asked why only one, the answer was that they thought that I would not eat it. What the ..?...You get 6 side dishes, not much for a Korean place and for that I better go elsewhere...
1	I didn't eat there...the food looked ok from what I saw but they had by far the worst boba tea ever.  Was that even boba???
4	I love this place. I eat here at least once a week. I've only tried the sushi rolls, but I've never been disappointed. I've eaten both in and had take out. The service was slow when I ate there, but usually two rolls only takes about 15 minutes when ordering take out.Bonus?  They deliver!
1	Well this is by far the worst delivery service ever. We always ordered delivery from this place and their driver is always rude and insulting. We always have the tip charged out on a visa card and he expects more tip when he arrives. If a $10.00 tip isn't good enough for him and he tells his customers never to order from their place again then maybe he doesn't deserve our business. My suggestion to them is to hire a new driver because their food is not bad and their driver is a rude person who will start yelling on top of his lungs in front of everyone to get more than $10.00 tip....please if you order from them and don't have a twenty on you for tip expect an insult. NO LIE!!!!!!
1	First off never stop by here for anything.  Just plain rude and insulting owner!We found in one of the local newspapers that they were having a 2 for 1 deal on Korean Nangmyun so we decided to go.  We walked in and asked if the newspaper advertisement was true and they said yes.  We ordered 4 of those and several other plates.  Once we were done the waitress asked if we had a valid Las Vegas license so we were confused.  She said she forgot to mention it but the special was for locals only.  Of course we were upset and one of the people in our group remembered never seeing that advertised.  She left the newspaper in the car and we didn't bother bringing it in to verify.  The owner brought one of his newspapers in and showed us the advertisement and in that one it said in small writing Las Vegas residence only.  We were upset but asked for the receipt and paid, but we didn't leave tip for bad service.  When we got into our car and was driving away in our newspaper we didn't see the Las Vegas residence only advertised and realized this newspaper had a misprint so we called them to let them know that our newspaper had a misprint.  Well.....we didn't get too far, by the time we got to the part about the newspaper advertisement and how on this particular one it didn't say local residence the owner stopped us on our track.  He said if you had good food what are you complaining about?  That should be enough and hung up the phone.Just bad service in general.  Food wasn't bad and we were thinking about coming back for lunch the next day but obviously didn't.  What ever happen to customer service?
4	I might be a black sheep on this, but I actually like Sandai alot.  I can see that a lot of the reviews are prior to 2011, so maybe they changed management and improved a lot of things. Ever since I've been going here since February of 2011 I've had great food and OK service (not exceptionally good but not bad at all either).  To be honest, I'm shocked to see they have only a one and a half star rating on Yelp! So I'm here to give in my little two cents.First off, the venue is pretty small, but cozy.  The maximum capacity of the dining room is probably less than 25, so that may give you a rough idea how small it is.The only thing I ever get from here is either the blood sausage soup (Soon-Dae Guk) or the cold noodles (Chin Naeg Myung).  I got the soup mostly on chilly February/ March days and the cold noodle is excellent on a hot summer day.  The blood sausage soup is not spicy, but served extremely hot.I am absolutely a huge fan of cold noodles, and I can say Sandai comes close to having the best cold noodles in Las Vegas (and better than ones I've had in L.A.).  I've heard Mother's Grill has great noodles, but I haven't tried theirs yet.  Sandai's cold noodles is way better than DJK's in my opinon.  I just love the authentic North Korean taste it has (for the record, the owners are South Korean. And, for the record, I'm South Korean as well). North Korean cold noodle style has a more tangy flavor that I'm more fond of, and the noodles are served thin to my liking. I hate how some cold noodles are served with too much MSG, or the noodles are too thick at other venues.I hope I shed some light on this restaurant.  The service I get is good, food never fails to disappoint, and they know I'm a common face in the restaurant so they treat me pretty well.  I can't speak for any of their other dishes, but if you're a fan of cold noodles you have got to try Sandai.
1	OK so I made a mistake...tried a new place prior to checking out Yelp!!! Reason being as we knew there was a sushi place around the corner from our house however could not think of the name nor locate it on google. So we said what the hell, we are here let's check it out. When we walked in the place was empty, we were the only customer. Hmmmm? OK so was around two o clock so maybe the lunch rush had passed? First time dining here so I ask which is your top seller boba tea since they have a variety of flavors of boba smoothie and teas. Her response was "No "No" you order what you like??? Are you freaking kidding me? Wow...I ordered the crunch shrimp tempura roll, crab, avocado, shrimp tempura, cucumber. I asked that they leave out the cucumber. What a disappointment, the amount of crab was almost non existent, did not taste or see any avocado, tasted like a plain white rice roll with crunchy flakes. No flavor and they were skimpy with the eel sauce which would have helped with flavor if I could have dunked it in some. I also ordered a strawberry splash smoothie boba, this was good! It was not a comfortable experience, we were the only customer and the two ladies working sat at a table staring at us the whole time. It was ridiculous! Beyond insane staring! Have no clue why either? Almost to the point of being offensive. I am a customer not a criminal, no need to stare me down every bite, every sip. Maybe they made a bet on which one of us would throw up the nasty specialty roll they call sushi first? lol No sushi chef on duty, was a server lady and a lady that took forever making our two rolls. This place is bad in many ways! The only savior is the boba smoothie was good. That alone is not enough to ever get me to come back. The bad: Service Food QualityPortionOffensive staring from staff while dining.The good: Boba Smoothie We could not wait to check the Yelp rating and knew it would not be good after we experienced what we did dining here. Never...Never...Never again!!! Please do not waste your time or money here, I speak the truth with no exaggeration. It is truly horrid! Pictures of our visit are attached, notice the smiles are prior to taking a bite. Looks ok, but taste bad.I will go without sex before I eat here again!!!
1	So I needed my sushi fix and decided to try this place out since its so close to my house, what a big mistake!!! Where do I start??? So we walk in and the place is dead! The only people in the place were two employees who looked real bored. So I ordered the Boba green tea which was OK (how can you mess that up) To be safe I ordered their Tempura Ca Roll ummm was pretty disappointed it was lacking on avocado and it was kinda flavorless thank god it had eel sauce that's the only reason I could finish this flavorless yuckalicious roll! My sister ordered the Shrimp Tempura Roll and was also disappointed. Not only was the food bad but so was the service! I was being stared at the entire time by the two lady employees which was very uncomfortable! They were looking at me as if I was gonna dine and dash!!! My server was more like security than a server the only thing missing was her security badge and baton!! I will NOT be returning I want my money back! Yucko
1	I really wanted to like this place because my GF's little brother and sister love the place but it's just WAY TOO EXPENSIVE for what they serve. The ramen is straight out of the pack, add an egg, and costs $8.The sundubu was average and had a rotten mussel in it. Should have known better when the shell didn't open on its own and I had to pry it open only to spit it out.I do feel bad for the owners as there were no customers on a Friday night at 9pm. I think they have to find their niche. It could be a cool neighborhood cheap eats place, but their prices are on par with or even more expensive than some of the fancier places in Las Vegas.
4	Cute little place in the corner shopping center.  When you walk in, you immediately notice the way it's arranged with intimate tables and the decor is sweet with all the little personal touches.  But is the food good?  I love it.  The service is good, the staff are friendly and they took good care of us.On today's menu I ordered a combination plate with california roll, chicken breast, and tempura mixed.  It comes with two salads, white rice, and miso soup.  It was fresh, tasty and I really liked the combination.Of course I also ordered a couple of sushi rolls; The first was the caterpillar roll, which is eel, crab, cucumber, and avocado, and we got a red dragon roll, crab meat, cucumber, avocado, and fresh tuna.  Both of these were fresh, very good and helped to complete a really good meal. For a small place, we enjoy the intimacy, the service, and the food.
3	When you first walk into Sandai you cant help to look around and see all the for lack of better words different art work and pictures of there staff and famous people. Then when you look deeper you see enlarged images of some of there plates. If your like me some may scare you off and others may make you hungry! It has a small dinning area that if it was busy it may feel uncomfortable and may make it a hard place to have a group go, but all in all its not terrible!I ordered the terriki bowl since I was on my lunch break and didn't have time to really dig into some sushi. The service was not the best but there dish was tasty. The portion for the price was a little pricey but I was full and the food was good. I also ordered there egg rolls. I must say, those were some of the best egg rolls I have had and would be worth going back for more if they were not so expensive. All in all I would eat here again and would like to try there sushi, but I will not go out of my way to eat here.
5	Amazing Sushi! Small town atmosphere ! Service is really good and the people are very nice!
1	Just had a bad experience dining here tonight. I ordered a spicy beef soup that I usually order everywhere. This one came out way to spicy where the insides of my ears were sweating, no joke! We told the owner how it was extremely spicy and he pretty much stated we need to them next time to make it less spicy. We told him we order this dish at many restaurants and this one is extreme. There was no apology and it was pretty much out fault. Overall, they are right and we were in the wrong. Left the restaurant with the thought "never returning here" based on the service.
2	The food is great tasting.... For take out!!! Or if you have all the time in the world to wait around for the waitress to acknowledge you were ready to order long ago... Once again, the food is great! Which is the reason I went for the 3rd time even though the service is always the same.. I gave it a last try & I actually had to walk out because the waitress hasn't changed a bit. Same old service!  lol just a little heads up... Prepare to WAIT!!
5	Sandai sushi is a really goid place to go in vegas for traditional Korean style food. It is a small but well worth it's price restaurant. Pay no mind to most of the negative feedback those who usually leave them. Have no clue about how Korean food should taste. It's nearly impossible to find good Korean food in Vegas. By the way sushi is notkKorean food so I don't recommend getting it here it is the only thing you should stay away from.  My point,  If you like real Korean food (it's usually spicy) than you should try here at least once. Besides most Korean celebritys cant be wrong. Ps the owner is a sweet heart.
2	If you don't mind waiting a 1/2 hour for a mediocre teriyaki chicken plate then this is the place for You! This would have got 1 star but I gave it 2 because the waiter was nice.
5	I always come here for the Korean cold buckwheat noodles! They have amazing korean food. Some plates are kind of pricey but the quality is great!
