4	Let's face it; childhood, or our idea of it is one of the snuggliest places you can sneak back to. This diner makes that visit not only easy but also rewardingly filling. Their classic grilled cheese sandwich has bacon in just the right proportion and is as flat and squishy as your memory of Mom's lunches. The Reuben sandwich had white cheese, pastrami, sauerkraut and a hint of hot mustard.  I wish now that my Mom would have developed that recipe because it really is that good. The tater tots are amazing; crunchy on the outside and dreamily soft and cheesy on the inside.Enough reading about the place, go there now!
4	If you a Mac and Cheese lover then you'll love it here. A little out of the way from the Center of monkland but worth the extra few blocks down. While we were sitting down and enjoying grilled cheese sandwich which I found not too greasy and a good portion. There was a take out order happening for a party. Great idea! And the Mac and cheese bowls are perfect. Also tried the tater tots.. Wow fantastic.. The potatoes and mashed with just enough cheese, fried to perfection. Don't pop the first one in you mouth! You might not burn yourself and not enjoy the rest :)
4	They serve melted cheese on buttery bread and play roots reggae in the diner. I'm sold.The place is small and casual but well designed with a cute vibe. The menu changes all the time but obviously consists mostly of variations on grilled cheese. Some funky ones I've tried include: burrito grilled cheese, pesto grilled cheese, and drumroll...poutine grilled cheese. So if you're looking for a quick, casual meal or a naughty snack this side of Decarie, Le Cheese is the place to be.
5	Honeslty the TOTS are to die for!!!We also had the classic wich was whatever it was a bit dry and wasnt cheesy at all.The grilled cheese poutine was good. And tge reuben was so delish!!they make there own french sauce thumbs up!I love this place im so happy they opened an actual store! The food truck is wicked cool but its nice to know they have a location!
5	Okay, let's keep this short and to the point. The grilled cheese is very good, but their tomato soup is the best I've ever tasted. Guys, you treated us to a great evening at the Yelp event in December, and when I was around your new store (congrats!), I just had to stop in for some soup. Wow. Wow. Wow. Love it. I just wish I still lived in the area.Yum! Get some!
3	Still the best tomato soup I've had, but I have to take them down a peg or two for being CLOSED the last 2 times I made the trek in from the West Island just to order some. What a letdown!One time, to me, was an exception, but now that it's been 2 in a row, I wonder if you're still open. I love your food, and I want to buy some, but I can't if your doors are closed. Worse, I'll think twice before coming in next time, likely in favour of a restaurant that keeps consistent hours. I love you guys.... open the doors!
5	Best tater tots of my life, and really nice guys. Perfect late night food Monkland didn't know it needed.
