5	I totally agree Roger! :) ) Also, the owner has great customer service!
5	Eco Fresh Carpet Care did an amazing job on my rental property! They are professional and take pride in their work! Carpets looked brand new when they were done!
1	HORRIBLE. UNPROFESSIONAL. Please do not give this company your business and do not allow them to scam  you like they tried to scam me.I bought a LivingSocial coupon for $39 (deep cleaning of carpeting for two rooms of up to 400 square feet). For some strange reason, this company manages their business via texting which made the process of making an appointment more of a hassle than it should have been.When the man from Eco Fresh took one look at my carpet he told me that it would require a deep cleaning - which was "not included in the LivingSocial coupon" and would incur an additional charge because of the chemicals used. He claimed that this "was clear in the small print" and that the "regular carpet cleaning would use only hot water." Seriously. HOT WATER!!! His overall tone was rude and demeaning for no reason at all. It would have made more sense for me to pull up the coupon right there and show him but I wanted him OUT of my house ASAP.I took a second look at the coupon after Eco Fresh left and I saw that it clearly states that it IS valid for a deep cleaning. I contacted LivingSocial for a refund and it was awarded. I would not recommend Eco Fresh Carpet to anybody after my interaction with them.
5	I purchased a Groupon for $69 for Three Rooms of Carpet Cleaning. He was very friendly and helpful right out the door. I had called to inquire about the Groupon before purchasing it b/c I had questions about pet stains which was the main reason we were using the service and they answered all my questions and even scheduled my appointment before purchasing the Groupon. He had gotten done with his previous job early and reached out to see if he could move my appointment up since he had the time, he said if not then no worries and he'd see me at our scheduled time. This was actually very helpful to me so he met at the house and started the walk through. I showed him the dog stains we had discussed over the phone. He was honest and said there were more than he had expected but he would take care of them at an affordable price. Honestly, there were more than I expected once we started doing the walk through. I then decided to add all our stairs, hallways and the foyer. He gave me an amazing price for the add-ons and even did more of the pet spots he hadn't noticed until actually getting into the carpet free of charge. He was extremely professional, did everything in the exact amount of time he said it would take and left our house with carpets that honestly looked better than when they were installed. The citrus scented cleaner he uses de-scented the entire house of that lingering dog smell we had and WOW WHAT A DIFFERENCE! A+++ cleaning service at a really affordable price.
4	I bought a $69/3 room GroupOn last week and immediately called to schedule an appointment to clean carpet in my living room, dining room & family room. When I say that the carpet was truly disgusting I mean it had nearly 6 years of accumulated dirt and pet stains that I was convinced would never come out. Eco Fresh came to my house on Friday morning at 8 am and the rep immediately started treating the pet stains. There was an extra charge for that service but I knew there would be and it really needed to be done so I was fine with that. I could actually see the stains being lifted from the carpet. It was pretty amazing. Approximately 2 hours later my carpets looked practically new. The rep was very professional and pleasant to deal with. I plan on calling them again sometime this fall to have them come back to clean the rest of the carpets in my house. I would most definitely recommend them.
5	Luiz was great, super friendly, gave me a great deal and did an amazing job, my carpets look fantastic, he was very professional. He explained the whole process and even gave me booties to wear to get around the house while it dries. I recommend them to everyone.
5	Luiz came out the day after I called. Arrived on time. Very personable and careful with his equipment. We bought the house and figured the carpets would need to be replaced. I wish I took a picture of him doing the dining room. It truly was the best carpet cleaning I have ever had. He quoted me a price from his Home Mag ad and that is exactly what he charged. I was so relieved as I am so tired of other companies I have used in the past that want to surcharge for everything. The smell was nice and fresh . Definitely will recommend to my friends and family!
5	I contacted Eco Fresh Carpet Care through their ad in The Home Mag; the price was extremely reasonable in the ad so I thought I'd give them a try.  When I scheduled my appointment we discussed the condition of the carpet and if there were any pet or colored stains that needed to be addressed and what the charges for those would be.  They arrived on time and in the blink of an eye turned my carpet from tragic to terrific!  The best part was EXACTLY what they quoted me was what I paid, absolutely no pressured upselling!  They even booked my next appointment six months from now!  Great service, quality work, priced fair AND eco friendly...what else can you ask for?  Thanks Luiz & Josh for a great job!
5	When I called to schedule I was greeted with extreme professionalism. When they arrived they treated the embedded stains. 2 hours Later, the Carpet looks great, smells great, would recommend them an use them again....
5	We have 5-8 year old berber carpet in a short sell home we purchased, the carpet is on a list to replace, but until then, we needed to get some pet stains removed while potty training a puppy.  The carpet was pretty gross.I called eco fresh because I just wanted to make sure there wasn't anything to distract my puppy from being trained.  The owner told me berber was pretty hard, I told him I didn't expect the stains to be gone, just remove the pet stains.The carpet looks amazing.  Its still berber, something I wouldn't choose, but it looks great, I'm not embarrassed about having guests over now, and its actually moved the carpet down a peg or two in our list of home renovations.  Thanks Eco Fresh!
5	Eco-Fresh was sent to me by the property management company that I used for my rental house, & I've been pleased with everything they've done. Unfortunately, I had a smoker in the house, and let me tell you: that smell is awful!  So Luiz met me at the property to assess what was needed.  He talked to me straight and I instantly trusted him.  We went over all the areas and agreed what needed to be replaced or cleaned.  He was able to show me samples at that time and we set up the install.  He actually completed that before scheduled. He even texted me pictures of the progress!  He cleaned the other carpets, and my tile floor and grout - everything looks great and greatly reduced the smoke odor.  But he was still concerned for me that the odor was still there, so he recommended an additional treatment for the ductwork, and that seemed to do the trick.  I've really appreciated communicating via texting, too.  I will definitely call him (or text him) for my next project.
5	Couldn't be happier with the job that Eco Fresh did on our carpet. We had our carpet cleaned in June by a different company for almost twice the cost. There were many stains that they were unable to remove because "they were too deep".We decided to try cleaning the carpet one last time about a week ago because we didn't want to pay the money to replace it. To our surprise Eco Fresh was able to remove every stain, and as I mentioned above it was much less expensive than our previous cleaning.I won't use anyone else going forward. Eco Fresh has earned my business by providing a quality service at a great price. Thanks Luiz and crew!
5	This company is such a wonderful company to work with. They were on time and also cleaned rugs that I just asked him to clean free of charge. I have a high grade of Berber carpet and was thinking of pulling it out because its over 10 years old but they made it brand new they just saved me $6,500. Thanks Eco-Fresh. You have a client for life.
5	I just moved into a condo and the owner did not clean the carpets out like how they promised before I moved in. Frustrated, I asked one of my friends if they knew any carpet cleaning services that are affordable and good. My friends told me about this company so I decided to check them out.When I called them, a nice man named Luis picked up the phone. He was very nice and helpful. He explained to me what type of services they had and explained what were my options. After I got off the phone, I felt so relieved that they were able to get started on the cleaning as soon as possible and Luis was able to work with me and my tight budget!They arrived on time and seemed very professional. They did not rush the whole process and everything came out spotless! I was so happy with the results! It took about an hour to finish the cleaning and wow.. I was so impressed. Overall, my experience with Eco Fresh was amazing. I will definitely continue doing business with them & will recommend them to everyone I know who needs carpet cleaning! What else can you ask for? Customer service is amazing! They are very professional, on time & affordable! You will definitely get more of what you will be paying for.Shout out to the company! You are an amazing team. Thank you!
5	These guys are very friendly and fast. We called not realizing after hours, about 7pm and arranged for them to come next day at 11am and they arrived at 10am. Their prices are reasonable and affordable. I would definitely recommend them to other people looking for carpet cleaning.
5	Luis is very professional and did the job really quick..i was in a crunch time with moving so it was perfect!!definitely a recommendation!!
5	I planned on changing the family room floor to laminate flooring 'coz the carpet's best years are gone. I used to have 3 dogs and just go figure how the carpet looks like. I saw Eco Fresh deal on Groupon, called to make an appointment and left a message. After 2 hours, Luis called and left me a message. We played phone tags for sometime until finally we set up an appointment for him to see the job first. He came in, quoted me the price to clean the carpets, tiles, grout and area rugs - and I tell you it was worth it! Luis is very professional, came on time, did a very good job and has a very good sense of humor. I will definitely recommend him to anyone who wants the best carpet cleaner.
5	I just had my living/dining rooms and hallways cleaned by this company this morning. They did a fantastic job. I was using a Groupon and there was a bit of an extra charge for deep cleaning but it was reasonable and the carpet really was very dirty. Well, it WAS really dirty--it looks great now. It was a pleasure to work with Luis and his partner. They were quick, efficient, thorough, and friendly. The carpet looks great, and I will call them again, hopefully BEFORE the carpet gets as bad it was this time! Thanks for the great service!.
5	Our white carpets were in really bad shape. We purchased a groupon to have them cleaned. Luiz showed up and we decided that the carpets needed a deep cleaning so we paid extra to have them deep cleaned. The carpets looked a million times better. We noticed later that there were a couple of spots that weren't taken care of so we called Luiz. He came out the next day and took care of everything...no charge! Excellent customer service and a man of his word. We have found our permanent carpet cleaner!!!
5	I just recently bought a house and used eco fresh to clean my tile and carpet in my old house. Luiz was on time friendly clean uniform and did an outstanding job. Carpets look new and grout is like when it first was installed. Highly recommend this company and prices very reasonable compared to other companies.
5	Luiz did a house just up the street from me the day I was moving into my home. When he was leaving, he stopped by to give me his card. He was very friendly yet not over-bearing at all. He took a look at my new house, gave me an estimate I felt was reasonable and I set an appointment for him to come back after I moved in. He offered for me to ask the house down the street how he did, and when I asked them they had nothing but good to say. So I was happy to keep my appointment, and Luiz came right on time. In fact, he was available earlier so he took the time to contact me to see if it was okay to come by earlier. When he arrived he did a phenomenal job on my house. I would not hesitate to have him back for another cleaning. Very recommended!
5	Needed to have my carpets cleaned asap before i moved out of my house to get my security deposit back.Communication was great/they came by later the same afternoon/got a great quote for 4bedrooms and 2staircases/we made an appointment for next day.They came early the next day and did an amazing job.My landlord was super-pleased.These guys were great.-sabrina/marcuspelican beach
5	5 stars all the way! 5 start service, 5 star cleaning. Luiz came right on time to clean my condo. I called him and made an appointment a week before & he was not late. I had dirty spots from the previous owner of the condo and it was removed. He uses a deep carpet cleaner and you can see the difference automatically! It smells fresh and citrusy. My condo is small so it took him about an hour to finish and clean my room and the living room. His service prices are also reasonable and he has specials going on so you should check it out on yelp or Facebook!Overall, I will go back and definitely call Luiz and his business again. I  more than happy with the service I got! He is also super nice and very funny and professional. He talks to you and didn't make you feel awkward.Service: 5/5Quality: 5/5Cleanliness: 5/5Friendliness: 5/5
5	So we're moving out of our house and trying to get everything cleaned up to make it presentable. After having some other services come in I have to say I'm sick of people coming in and trying press me to up charge my Groupons.  I want the service I paid for.  With Luiz, this was not the case.  While he did mention there was a possibility for a deeper clean, he wasn't pushy about it at all.  I opted for the Groupon cleaning and was very happy!After getting all set up, Luiz and his partner made sure to explaine their products and how they were chemical free.  Very important with my daughter and dog running around.  The total job took about 30 minutes and, if you look at my before and after pics, it was awesome!  We haven't had our grout cleaned since we've lived in our house.  That's 5 years of disgusting that he cleaned up in no time.I am big on customer service and I have to say, this guy had to be one of the nicest people I have ever met.  He talked to me the whole time while doing his job and actually seemed like he cared about informing about the History of Grout.  If we weren't moving out of state I would definitely use this company again for carpets, grout, and anything else they provide.  I highly recommend snagging this Groupon and telling Luiz that Patrick sent you!
5	We needed a hand woven white rug cleaned as well as two rooms but wanted to stay away from noxious cleaning substances. I found Eco Fresh Carpet Care here on Yelp and was very pleased with the company and the results. Luiz and his assistant were polite and courteous. White rug looking very sparkly. Mission accomplished.
5	Had my carpets, tile , and grout cleaned and they exceeded my expectations! My tile especially its night and day difference. Luiz and his staff were friendly and professional. I will be recommending them to friends and family.
5	Ecofresh provided great service and results. I highly recommend them and I will definitely be using them in the future.
5	Looooove their services! Very knowledgeable and my carpets and couches always look amazing! I even had my mattress sanitized once and stains came up beautifully! I always recommend them to my friends and acquaintances and everyone is impressed! Thank you Luiz- you and your crew are the best!!!!!
5	Amazing job! Only carpet cleaner I would recommend! Great customer service, does an outstanding job! Very thorough an carpet looks brand new!
5	I highly recommend.  Luiz has fantastic customer service. He got stains out that I tried everything on.  I will be using his service from now on and will recommend this company to all my friends and family.  Carpet looks and smells awesome.
5	Purchased a groupon deal.  Luiz was prompt, friendly and did an excellent and efficient jobs in cleaning the carpets.  I appreciated that he didn't try to up-charge me for services that I didn't need (I had that problem with several other carpet cleaners in town).  He offered me a great price to clean my carpets next time (without the groupon).  I will definitely hire Eco Fresh Carpet Care again.
5	Very happy with my clean floors.   Owner very nice, he came and gave the estimate and then came and did the job.  On time, all furniture back in place, price as previously stated.  Really definitely use him again
5	I wanted to get my carpets a good deep cleaning prior to moving into my new home and they did an amazing job!  My carpets are a night and day difference now.  I would use them again for sure!
5	Eco Fresh and Luiz are fantastic.  I needed my carpets cleaned fast and had a Groupon.  Over the phone Luiz explained it would be extra because of the stairs and I already knew that from previous cleanings, yet he was $5/less a stair!  Luiz got me an appointment right away and did a spectacular job cleaning my carpets for my move out.  Luiz was friendly and professional and got the work done quickly while making sure the carpet looked and smelled amazing afterward.  I highly recommend Eco Fresh Carpet Care and Luiz  - a great business!
5	Luis is awesome! A++++ service! Highly recommended. Quality work on my carpets. Shows up on time and is a man of his word.  I have a dog who stinks and sheds and he made everything look and smell brand new. Thanks so much!
5	Just moved in to a new place and the previous tenants had several dogs.  The carpet was STINKY!  I thought I did a decent job with the rental carpet cleaner, but Eco Fresh managed to both deodorize and really get all that dog hair and dirt out of there!  It was amazing!  They were able to accommodate my schedule the very next day and quoted me a really fair price, no surprise charges!  I will totally be using them again, and no more rental carpet cleaners from the grocery store for me!
5	Had my 2 bedroom apt carpet cleaned today.  Louis was the guy who did the job and was awesome.  Super friendly, efficient, and just an all around great guy to work with.Right on time, and within one hour done.  Carpet that was several years old as good as new.I have quite a few rental properties in Vegas and will only be using these guys going forward for all my carpet cleaning needs.
5	Just had Luiz come over and clean a few high traffic areas in my home, couldn't believe the amazing results,  definitely very happy and would use them again!
5	Once again Eco Fresh has come into our home and made it look, smell and feel brand new! We have 5 kids and the carpet is not the highest and quality, but Ecofresh gets ALL the stains out without leaving the carpets soaked in water. Amazing!!
5	Best customer service around; they are very professional and courteous. I would never hire any other company unless they use the rota vac. My carpet was better than new and it took absolutely no time at all. Highly recommend this company
5	I have a small patch of carpet that rarely needs cleaned.  The Oxi Fresh company that I had used once before (and had done a good job) I have come to find out is out of business.  Actually, the entire franchise in the area is out of business.  So I searched on YELP* and discovered Eco Fresh Carpet Care and their good reviews. After setting an appointment for a week out, Luis, who arrived to my home promptly and actually early, is owner/operator.  You can tell he is vested in his business and "walks the walk & talks the talk" when it comes to customer service.  Super friendly and super nice guy.  From the professional clean van, to his professional, friendly, knowledgeable demeanor, not to mention my carpet was thoroughly cleaned and great.  The carpet was damp and the room smelled a touch musty for a day before we moved furniture back in room, but the next morning the air was clear and the carpet was completely dry and looked great.  I could not be more satisfied.  Luis has great customer service, uses advanced technology via his I-Pad to process payment and e-mail receipt and seemed genuinely glad to have had my business. Separate from having a good service and product, I would recommend Luis and Eco Fresh Carpet Care based on customer service alone.
5	We needed the carpet cleaned ASAP as we were moving out of our home.  Luis took great care of us and did an excellent job.  The stairs needed the most work and he was able to get out the stains.  We would use the services again and recommend to family and friends!!!
5	BEST Carpet cleaning company I've ever used. Luiz is the owner and operator and he's amazing! He's friendly and FAIR/HONEST on price. The machines they use actually work unlike other companies. They actually scrub the carpets clean! Great work Eco Fresh!! HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!!
5	If you have dirty carpet that needs quality deep cleaning, you have to call Eco Fresh Carpet Care.  They do a great job for a very reasonable price.  My wife called them up in the morning and a gentleman name Luiz came out within an hour for an estimate.  We requested for the work to be done in the afternoon, so Luiz said that he could do the job at 3:30pm.  He showed up right on the dot in his yellow vehicle with 24 inch rims.  Luiz opened the slighting door and showed off his new equipment which looks like a shinny block of metal that took up almost the entire back of the van.  At first, I was somewhat impressed but afterwards, I was blown away by the quality of his work.  he completed the entire house of 3500 sf. in less than 3 hours, all by himself.  The end product was my carpet looks brand new again.  No more dirty pet stained carpets!  Luiz was very professional and easy to work with.  I highly recommend Eco Fresh Carpet Care for the job!
5	This company is great. Luiz came to my house, quoted a great price, and delivered on all of his promises. Clean carpets, clean tile; it's like I live in a new house No need to ever call that Stanley guy. I recommend Eco Fresh for your floor cleaning needs.
5	Luiz is great! He did a wonderful job on our carpet. My yorkie likes to potty on one certain spot on the carpet for some reason even tho he's potty trained. Luiz came and cleaned our carpet and my yorkie hasn't gone on that same spot. Not only is our carpet clean, it smells good too! :)
1	Got a Living Social deal.  Took 7 days and 2 phone calls to receive a call-back to schedule.  When the guy finally called back, I was told that they don't do high-rises or apartments.  Hmmm, maybe they should include that in the fine print.  Now trying to get a refund from Living Social.  And my carpet is still dirty.
5	Luiz did a great job!  I was impressed that he called me back within a few minutes of my initial call and was able to schedule me within 24 hours time. He also provided a reasonable quote over the phone and did not try to upsell.  I asked for additional services when he arrived and he provided a fair price for the additional area. My carpets smell fresh and look like new. I definitely would recommend Luiz's company to anyone looking for an honest and thorough service.
5	Luiz was awesome! He was very fast and knowledgable! Prices were great and the cleaning was great as well. I would recommend him to everyone. There was no pressure to spend extra money and he did a wonderful job. Call him now if you need clean carpets :)
5	Luis (owner)  was very knowledgeable and professional. Service was great. Definitely recommend.
5	These guys are GREAT!! They use ONLY the top of the line ECO-FRIENDLY carpet solutions. And they also ONLY use industry grade equipment! 5 STARS all the way!! Got our carpets done today in a 2 bedroom condo with 3 small dogs. These guys were able to take out ALL stains and any pet odors! The two guys that cleaned today were awesome, very professional and very friendly! I will definitely use them again and would recommend them to EVERYONE! Aloha and Mahalo (Thank You Very Much in Hawaiian) Job Well Done!!
5	Eco fresh carpet care gets the job done! They are professional,  reliable,  & extremely courteous.  I found Luiz through a groupon deal over a year ago and he was able to remove some major stains (2 naughty dogs, you can imagine the mess) from my light colored carpets. We continue to use Eco fresh today for maintenance and my carpets look nice & fresh. Theses guys are prompt, honest, & helpful. Luiz took the time to explain the charges to me and there were NO hidden fees! They also used industrial,  heavy duty machinery with products that are safe for us and the dog! :) The technicians are very cafeful and efficient,  it didn't take too long and was dry in no time.A++   5stars   Highly recommended!Call Eco fresh to get the job done right the first time.
5	Eco Fresh Carpet was fantastic. I told Luiz I would come tell all the Yelpers how much I loved his business, he deserves the recognition. We called to get our downstairs spiffed up. He told us not to buy the Groupon deal it wasnt needed. Luiz the owner came by himself to do my floors and gave me a great deal. I loved his customer service and his commitment to his work. I will be calling Luiz again and again. Thank You
5	We've used Eco Fresh twice now and would definitely recommend this company to friends and family. We moved to a new place where the carpets were covered in dog hair and odor, but Eco Fresh was able to clean it all out. The carpets are a million times cleaner and brighter! Luigi who did our carpets both times was very friendly and gave us great customer service too. Thanks again!!
5	Luiz has great customer service. His team got our once soiled carpet very clean. Highly recommended.
5	Great staff, amazing fresh, clean, fluffy carpet. The guys were specific in what they were doing, no hidden costs, and very friendly.
5	So happy with how clean my carpets got with no chemicals!   Luiz and George were awesome.  I even scheduled for them to come back next week and clean my tile.
5	Eco Fresh Carpet Care went above an beyond my expectations.  They were early an extremely careful an professional. . I am extremely grateful for there kindness .. Thank you so very much
5	Luis and George were here today and job well done again! Carpets were brought to life and Luis was his usual jolly self. See you again in 6 months, put me in your calendar now!
5	Great customer service competitive pricing and state-of-the-art equipment.  I'm very pleased with the quality, deep cleaning my carpets received. I'm also pleased with their grout service, they pretreat, high pressure clean and then seal for free! You can't beat the price, Sears charges double!
5	The service was very excellent Louise came in his coworker and I would definitely recommend it to other people...
5	Excellent service! Luis was professional, friendly, and efficient in cleaning the entire house. Highly recommended!
5	I contacted Luiz after a friend recommended him and I had a bad experience with my previous 2 companies I hired. Both those companies showed up and tried to charge me 3 times what they first quoted me... Luis is pure awesomeness... straight to the point, he will come over and he give you an estimate before even doing any work... and the quote won't change for some random made up reason! The work was excellent and I couldn't be happier... the carpet looks brand new... not kidding!  even though I have a 90lbs dog...IF YOU ARE LOOKING FOR SOMEONE TO CLEAN YOUR CARPET IN THE LAS VEGAS VALLEY... THIS IS WHO YOU CONTACT!!!  TRUST ME!!!! (sorry about the caps but he is that good!)
5	I made my appointment with only a short notice and they arrived at my residence within the time quoted. Did a fantastic job on my carpet. My entire first floor was cleaned within 45 minutes. Carpet looks like it the day I purchased my home. Definitely recommend this company and will use them again. Very friendly as well!
5	I had my carpet cleaned by ecofresh and I am very satisfied. The gentleman providing the service was friendly and professional. The before and after is shocking. My carpets were I must say in bad shape mainly in the high traffic areas. Afterwards my carpet looked brand new!
