5	I have stuff that Angie and her T-shirt ninjas made me from 3-4 years ago and the shirts still rock.  The prices aren't bad at all for what you get.  If you're an artistic idiot, like me, then their sales reps can help you design anything you want.  I have two hoodies, some boxers, car decals, and a handful of different shirts done.  No peeling or cracking on the vinyl.One caution: Don't bring in anything about Chuck Norris.  It's against the store rules, I guess.
5	I wasn't expecting the turnaround on a sign to be so fast.  Their pricing was way better than anywhere else as well.  The staff is awesome and amazing and ensured everything was just right before I left.  I will be back for sure!
5	I love this place. The prices are more then some other places, but with that I have never had a problem with anything falling apart or wearing out. I have had t-shirts for 3+ years and they still look as good as the day I received them. I have gone to other t-shirts shops where I might have spent less money, but I end up spending more in the long-run because they don't last. My kids ask me for custom t-shirts now that I can and will only get from Angie and Customistic. They will design you a custom shirt in no time and it's ready in 20-3- minutes. This is great for my kids because they have them right away and I don't have to listen to them asking about when they're going to get it.
5	I first placed an order with Customistic in 2009 for custom t-shirts for a work Earth Month team walk.  The prices were competitive and actually ended up being much less than the other printer my company was going to use.  On top of that, the shirts STILL haven't faded much at all (black t-shirts that are 3 years old).  Since placing that first order a few years ago, I continue to head to Customistic anytime I need things printed for my work purposes and even for personal items as well. Angie is brilliant with her graphic designs.  She can do anything you want!
5	I'm a disabled Veteran who needs to let the world know my motorized wheelchair, may, on occasion use people, unmercilessly as a ramp, pavement, and sometimes just as a speed-bump when it runs a bit too fast. How does it accomplish this? In Las Vegas, when a mere honk of a horn that sounds like a farting poodle in a mall isn't quite loud enough? It means putting together a graphic- a big enough one to be seen by people far away- and a bright one to be seen by people who might think my chair is a new slot machine. In fact, I made sure the text was smart-assy enough that at least it would get someone's attention. SO, who can I trust with such a task? Who can ensure lawsuit-less travel and safety for toes around tourist-ville? ANGIE and Customistic!!Not only was she able to help create the " Official Unforgiving Toe-Crushing Tardis" flag for my chair, but I'm about to have her add some of my comic book graphics to some business materials- like the back of the wheelchair, for Comic-Con. Her work was completed in less than a half an hour. She was able to help me select fonts, colors, and materials quickly and in expert timing. The company has such a wide selection of items- it's not just a T-shirt shop.Customistic can get your license plate holders, shopper bags, t-shirts, vinyl work, car signs, multicolor graphics- just name it, and thy will be done. If you want to wait for your work, you get the company of the dynamic Angie and her staff- great conversation, of regular customers. There are couches to sit in, that are both comfortable and inviting, and the store is nearby some great restaurants. (If you have a little longer to wait, you can get your hair done, or have a tattoo from the businesses just next door, but I haven't checked Yelp to see how they are yet!) If you have a larger order, Angie will not only make sure the order is ON time, but you may find it is ready sooner than expected. She's also a stickler for perfection- if you're not happy, she's not finished. I'm an artist, so I am able to create my own graphics, but if you need something designed for you- expect original work from Angie M. Her skills as an artist go beyond just graphics, too, as you may find her sculpture based art in galleries in the Arts District- especially during openings during First Friday. (LOVE her skills with small electronics!) If you mention Bruce Lee, or P-Funk, you'll have her attention for the day!  (Ask her about her Seattle trip, too)The prices she has are very reasonable considering the attention to detail, the skill, the amount of craftsmanship, and certainly the personal attention you have as a customer. You aren't a number, or a generic client online. You are as unique as Angie and Customistic. As Jonathan and others said, this isn't Vistaprint.  Unlike Vistaprint, you'll not only end up with a quality product, you'll end up as a returning customer, and have a friend or two, in the process. Oh, and beware, the chair is due back there soon.
5	This is the most fun you will ever have in a T-Shirt shop. Honestly. You could spend hours just reading all the displays.They do quality work, as you wish and they are speedy.The owner is a gem and all the employees are helpful with a side of artsy to assist the artsy challenged.Local shop. Fair prices. Quality product.
5	how can I not give this place 5 stars?T-shirts, hats and even tie's designed before my coffee gets cold. Unlike other places they have every font you could want or need.The prices are spot on and won't break the bank.If you need a low volume order done now, this gem in the desert is what you need.
5	Don't waste your time going any place else. Please learn from my mistake. I've been using this place for like 10 years and have gotten nothing but the highest quality work. I have T-shirts and sweatshirts that I've sent through the ringer and they still look brand new. I made the mistake of going to another tshirt place.... Why I don't know. Just call me stupid!!! My shirt from this other place that shall remain nameless turned to crap in less than 3 months. My mom said never say never but I'm saying I WILL NEVER GO TO ANY PLACE OTHER THAN CUSTOMISTIC! They are by the best I've ever seen. Quality uality quality!!!!!!!!!!
5	Awesome shop with friendly folks working there. Needed a small batch of shirts for my friend's bachelor party and they were able to knock it out in under an hour. The shirts turned out great and I'll definitely be using them again for shirt printing. Price isn't bad, and they give discounts on bigger orders.
5	Cool place with an infinity of selections of decals and shirts. Their prices are fare and the associates are great. I like to use them for custom car decals and they always come out amazing!
5	Customistic is awesome!! I stopped in after finding the shop online. Liz was so wonderful, personable, knowledgeable, and fun! We came up with a great t-shirt. I am looking so forward to going in again! Thanks Liz!! See you soon!
