2	When I first came to Phoenix 8 years ago, I knew no one so I thought I would give this a try. After several dates, I felt as though they matched me up with anyone they could find. I stopped using the service even though I had more dates available to me. Would not reccomend based on my experience.
1	It seems impossible how to describe this "service." IJL not only has delivered NOTHING, they are holding my money ransom because I have not yet sued them and are counting on it.  These are the actions of recourse I will HAVE to use because IJL's utter lack of business ethic.  I do not know how much more clear I can be, and I actually feel like I am being nice since I am not trying to hide or impart any empty lawsuit threats that I am not yet committed to pursuing. UPDATE: I have joined John Balestiere's class action lawsuit!
1	SCAM! Failure to implement criteria, follow up as promised, refusal to provide refund, ignore direct issues of complaints, etc. The sales pitch starts off as a fraud (although i don't know it until later). The sales person starts by aggressively promising that they have at least "2 perfect" clients available for you "right away!" Research exposed that this is a standard sales line, and is now specifically part of a NY Class Action law suit against them. When I told them I didn't think it was the right time because of the amount of travel it would take out of my contract time (e.g. go through the burn rate of the $2500/yr membership), I was told SPECIFICALLY that is was in fact, "the perfect time." This is untrue as I emailed/verbally described my schedule and it was clear that it was not. Moreover, they started to give me attitude and blame me for being unavailable during spring 2014! It just got worse and worse. One date stood me up, and when I complained the dating director said if she were me "yes she would reschedule." The first date met only one of my criteria, was embarrassing for both of us because it was obviously just done to "get one on the books." I was told wrong info about him, and he about me. He was told I was a psychologist (I'm not), was not told that I am heavy set, etc. I asked for a refund within the 30 days of the contract as allowed, and was told emphatically NO because they had "matches for me" based on what THEY MEANT BY THAT. Meaning, that they had people in the computer they could technically set me up with! I did not pay $2500 to do a numbers game when promised concierge match making. I repeatedly explained the problems, which also included trying to set me up with Jewish, agnostic and athiests, and when I said I only want men with "Christian backgrounds" the dating director cut me off and bit my head off and demanded I tell her "what I want." (I just had!!!) I REPEATEDLY sent email after email asking nicely, professionally, justifiably and clearly why my due recourse was the refund I was repeatedly asking for, and they ignored the content of most of the emails, refused to answer directly in writing and tried a few times to circumvent the issues by speaking only on the phone. I sent more and more emails actually telling them that I would not make empty threats, and that as long as they kept my money, I'd be an indignant active client posting more and more accurate reviews online since I had no other recourse as a client. At one point recently, they went 5-6 weeks without contacting me at all. This was after setting me up on a 3rd date (although I only had 2 shows, in which I lost 6 hours on a July Saturday) with an absurd "match". Even the match-like the one before him-said, "Does it seem like they don't listen to anything you tell them and they're really running a sales game hoping statistics may work out for you--if even that?" This was a date that was 45 miles/1.5 hours from my house, but 5 miles/5minutes from his house. They promise they'll schedule you somewhere in the middle. He was told I was a doctor (and not heavy). I was told he had 2 teenage children and had brown hair. He has only a 2yr old, gray hair and was very crude. In addition, I asked for a 3rd time for my dating director to no longer work with me, she contacted me anyway and tried to set me up on a date!! Again, more and more emails sent from me with clear examples and reasoning of how they failed to meet their contractual obligations while burning through my $2500. I'm 6 months into it and nothing I asked for has happened besides a phone call today in which a manager named Kevin gave me attitude about all I'm writing here and denied my claims. He also falsely claimed "they were meeting their contractual obligation" and told me as soon as he could that "Wait, we have a tall doctor for you!!!" Total refusal to acknowledge my claims, reasoning and method of warning how I would go about unavoidable client recourse if they kept me as an active client (no refund and no reasonable solution.) I could actually GO ON AND ON...Kiss your $2500 goodbye.
