4	Pretty decent for a restaurant in a hotel. Mainly just American food: sandwiches, some fish entrees, sides of potatoes and veggies etc. I liked the waiter, he could hold his own in a conversation and was pretty witty. He seemed quite confident and he kept my water full. The food was good, not exceptional, but certainly not bad. The baked tilapia with spinach and mushrooms was tasty and cooked just right (i.e. not dry). The bread and butter the waiter brought out for us before our meal was delicious! I've never eaten so much bread in my life. I felt quite satisfied when I left and the cookie I got on the way out the door was a nice way to finish the night.
4	This restaurant sits inside the DoubleTree Hotel in Phoenix and since I was staying at this hotel I ate here three out of five nights.  First night I had a NY steak which was really good but a little pricey I thought given the venue.The other two nights I had the 1/2 pound Angus burger smothered in bleu cheese crumbles.  This is only $10 and is worth every penny.  Normally served with french fries or coleslaw you can also substitute their cheddar mashed potatoes or grilled vegetables. The mashed potatoes are really good.Several flat-screen TVs surround the bar area (I ate in the bar but there is regular restaurant-style seating available). These TVs were quite predictably tuned into various sporting events, which was fine with me since football season is back in full swing.  Not a lot more to report on this place except to say that a colleague of mine ate here one night as well and said "That was the best chicken sandwich I've ever eaten."    NOTE: He did request BBQ sauce which is not standard so to experience what he did... I say get some BBQ sauce too.If you are going to be staying in Phoenix I highly recommend the DoubleTree (http://www.yelp.com/biz/doubletree-hotel-phoenix). Its clean. Its comfortable... and it includes a complimentary buffet breakfast at Belvedere Bar & Grill each morning.  This is not your normal continental breakfast of coffee, juice and sticky buns in plastic wrappers... No... This is coffee, juice, scrambled eggs, bacon, sausage, fresh fruit,and assorted baked goodies like cinnamon rolls, biscuits and bread for toasting.  I think they even had pancakes and/or waffles a couple days but since I am trying to stay low-carb I wasn't looking too closely at the baked goods, etc.I don't imagine too many people would think to eat at Belvedere Bar & Grill unless they are staying at the DoubleTree but I gotta tell you... this place was really very good and even if you are staying somewhere else, I suggest that if you want a really good burger, check out Belvedere.
4	Not bad for hotel food!  The service was outstanding and the food was pretty good.  I loved their beer selection....Kilt Hiker.  A local microbrew..delish!!
4	Ate two meals here, the breakfast buffet and dinner, and was happy with both. The service was a little slow for dinner, but they were all very pleasant and gave us our own little room off the back of the restaurant so we could be loud without bothering people. Drinks were decent for a hotel place but cost a little bit of money. Yeah expense account! :)
2	Used Yelp to locate a place to connect with two friends staying near the airport. Pressed for time and not really familiar with what's in the immediate area, so decided to hook up here. The Doubletree - place has to be good, right?Wrong! This place is an embarrassment to the Doubletree/Hilton brand. It does have the exorbitant pricing you'd expect (when I walked in my buds were waiting and first comment I heard was - you wanna order one of the $5 Ice Tea's? lol). But it is in a state of disrepair and needs a serious facelift. I couldn't justify paying the prices shown on the menu. That coupled with the price we forked out for a few beers had us QUICKLY looking for another  place.This was one of those RARE occasions that Yelpers left me hangin...
2	Stayed inside the Hilton which is connected to the property. Came out for Breakfast three monrings, and waiters have a grouchy face the whole time. No Greeting, nothing, granted it's buffet, but a smile is nice. One morning, my husband and I got up to get some sugar for coffee, and noticed that the table had been cleared and another guests stuff was sitting on our table. Told the guy that and his answer was, "go ahead and sit at the table next to it" no apologies or nothing.The potatoes at the breakfast were constantly running out. Why not making bigger batches? the coffee station was out of stirring sticks one day. The bf was so-so.
2	This is one of those restaurants that are attached to a hotel.It seems everything I'd ever ordered here, has arrived in a chrome cylindrical stand with paper.  Kind of like how everything at Dicks Last resort comes in a bucket.The food would likely satisfy a hungry traveler staying at the hotel, but, otherwise, I would not add this to my circulation.
2	There was not even one vegetarian option on the menu aside from the fried macaroni bites appetizer. Not even a salad. This restaurant is in a Double Tree hotel and we are here for 4 nights. Sadly, we won't eat a single meal here. I gave them two stars because they gave us directions to an Indian restaurant down the street.
4	Complimentary breakfast buffet! Change it up, and get a plastic to-go plate, go to the outdoor seating in the courtyard and enjoy your fountain and pool side break fast! Quiet, Zen.
4	Excellent in hotel restaurant, not trying to be anything more. Greeted, seated and waited on in a friendly efficient manner. Food was tasty and well prepared. Priced reasonably to be the hotel restaurant. We thought we received value.
4	For a restaurant at a hotel. These guys are pretty damn good. Full hot buffet breakfast good hot stuff good cold stuff. Lunch dinner and bar menus are awesome with local Phoenix flavor. I don't leave reviews very often. These guys are awesome.
4	A pleasant surprise after a long day if travel with the kids. Ordered the burger and kids peanut butter and jelly. Both were great. Sweet potatoes fries delish.
3	Burger was good, bathrooms are cute. But good lord almighty, the mirrors need cleaning. I had to force my gaze away from the mirror in our booth. Looked like someone threw up on it. DO SOME CLEANING, PEOPLE.
3	Danny Meyer does it again. Combines great cuisine with great service to deliver a truly wonderful dining experience.
5	I have been to the 4 Seasons many times but not in recent years. I was pleased to find that it remains the best dinning experience in AZ. Though it is expensive, the prix fixed menue is generous and the food is superb. The service is experinced and exemplary. If you are having that one good AZ  meal, this is the right place.
