5	My son Phil Wells was murdered in Las Vegas on November 14th of 2011. Thomas Lahey approached me and said he wanted to help with my unexpected funeral arrangements. Thomas did not know me from Adam. My son was not even HIV positive. He was instrumental in raising over $20,000 to help with my expenses. Thomas has purchased a mature tree, park bench and memorial plaque to remember my son. We will be dedicating it next month on Phil's birthday. This man is honorable. My family will forever be in Thomas's debt for all he and his volunteers have done for my family. They also took all the clothing and personal possessions out of my son's house to send to me in California and distribute as per my wishes. He is unquestionably the only reason I have made it thru this unbarebly difficult time. Kudos to you and your organization Thomas.
1	This company does not provide what they say they do.  I went to this company for help being recently infected with HIV.  They lead me on, said they would help, didn't do any type of helping.  The company says they have volunteers but the company is ran out of a virtual office, and has 1 employee that is not State Cert as a therapist or counselor.  And for the others that want proof, I have complete documentation from Thomas on the words he said via email and text message me, refusing to help someone that was coming to his Organization asking for help with being recently advised they where HIV poz. I am just making it aware to others that if this is how I was treated how many others will be disrespected and treated like me?
5	I have enjoyed working with I'm Positive for the Phil Wells Project. We know this organization to be helpful to the community and has benefited several of our readers. Their swift action to assist and their ability to coordinate with other community organizations as well as the services offered are incredible for a non-profit just getting off the ground. Thanks i"m Positive for you assistance.
4	This organization, still in its infancy, has already proven itself as actionable, effective and efficient.  Though it's so new its resources are somewhat limited, relying on donations and support, it does offer connectivity for those who need assistance to the right resources.  The organization is familiar with all the correct channels for people to get the kind of help they need and offers solutions to those people based on each particular case.  As the support and familiarity grows, I see I'm Positive Inc. as innovating the landscape for this type of organization and I am excited to see all they accomplish.
5	This is an important message!My step son who was Gay, was murdered on 11/14/2011 in Las Vegas(google Phil Wells) as stated by my wife Sandy K..  When I arrived in Las Vegas Thomas Lahey of I'm positive called my wife to try and help with anything that we needed as far as the arrangements and any outstanding debt beyond what I could afford.  Since I did not know Thomas, nor did I know how he got my number, I told my wife in my Bronx Sicilian accent, no dice.  I later went to the "Escape Lounge"in Las Vegas where my step son was a bartender and met with Thomas.Not only did "im postive" help with the finantial burdon (I maxed out two credit cards) of transporting Phil's body from Las Vegas to LA, plus the funeral and stone, but he went  beyond what he said he would do and helped with many other areas.The cost just for transporting the body from the Coroner's to La was $4600.I told Thomas that any help that he could provide was appreciated, however,not one dime should go to me or my wife beyond the cost itemized cost that I will provide and that he can audit.  All funds that "I'm Positive" is able to receive beyond my cost must go to a HIV and/or animal organization.  I have close personal political friends in NY and they know what took place with my family and they will get this message, hopefully via Yelp. Thomas turned me into a true beliver of this company and I wanted to get the word out to others that have family that are in  trouble.       I'm Positive, Inc. champions the honor of developing and managing comprehensive programs and unparalleled services to directly provide relief to anyone affected by HIV or AIDS. Our compassionate staff and volunteers are dedicated to cultivating fundamental solutions that improve the physical, psychological and social well-being of anyone affected by HIV or AIDS.
