3	I admit that I don't drink beer.  And yes, this is a brewery.  I've heard they have good beer, but what I'm reviewing now is their food.  And their 'appetizer' food is pretty darn amazing. (Although expensive as chain food goes)I can heartily recommend their pub tips (beef in a nice thick brown sauce with mash potatoes).And if you stay even just a short while (to enjoy a cold one or something) you have to at least try their Asiago cheese dip.  I've had this several times with my wife, and it's amazing.  It's served warm, with bits of small sliced bread to dip in the sauce.  It compliments a quiet conversation quite nicely.They have bar seating with TVs, or quieter 'booth' seating that is more appropriate for families or quiet dates with your significant other.  If you like people watching (and it's cool out) they have outdoor seating that faces the interior of Desert Ridge, and also has nice views of a fountain.They may have a line in the evenings, but it's generally worth the wait.
3	Disappointing. Rock Bottom has all the makings of a quality bar and grill but just doesn't deliver quite like I thought it would.At places like this, I have two main expectations: 1) Good beer with lots of it on tap. 2) Good bar food. And it goes one for two. The beer is tasty and cold, as it should be, but the bar food didn't do it for me. Burgers are a little awkward, think greasy bar burgers with bleu cheese. It just didn't float my boat. The service is always good and it's a better place to drink than to eat, even the desserts and appetizers are good, just not an all-around contender for favorite bar and grill.
3	Tried Rock Bottom tonight before a movie and I thought it was ok.I had the Lemon Grilled Chicken with Mashed Potatoes and Asparagus.  Everything was very yumm, but Rock Bottom just didn't make enough of an impression on me. If I was obsessed with beer maybe it would have gone over better. Restaurant ambiance and menu were very typical and neither were impressive. However my crazy friend Megan ordered Buffalo Fajitas, yes real buffalo steak, so that was a cool menu option. Now I can add Buffalo to the list of crazy things Ann Marie has eaten.p.s Buffalo tastes a lot like steak.
4	I have been to Rock Bottom at Desert Ridge countless times...before a movie, after a movie and now for happy hour/dinner with friends.  It's a cozy place considering its size and Scottsdale-ish location.  The happy hour menu was actually really impressive.Typically this kind of place is to polished and "Scottsdale" to even be worth a review, but the menu and beer make it a bit different...Food:  Happy hour for $3!  Come on!   I got a 10 inch pizza for $3 and fries  for $0.99....And they weren't bad at all, I'd actually get it again...My wife got a salad with chicken that was fairly decent...Beer:  For a "micro brew" ( I use the word lightly as a chain can't really be micro...That's like me saying that I'm punk, but selling 5 million records nationally... ) it's not bad...El Hefe is quite good and the Pale Ale is good, but not bitter enough...This place gets 4 stars and not 3 for the price and decent selection alone.
2	Meh... the only reason I even stepped foot into Rock Bottom is because I had a lunch meeting and it was at the suggestion of my dining companion. I used to go to Rock Bottom in Atlanta every now and then and it was ok... especially if you go for beer / happy hour.  I going to be blunt here right now though:  this place sucks!Luckily, I enjoyed the company of those that I dined with, otherwise, it would've been a miserable experience!  Thanks for that, Miranda and Ken (if you happen to read this!)  I had their cobb salad and it was pretty average although the turkey in it was nasty.  Our waitress was slow as hell.  The atmosphere (keep in mind we were there for lunch) was nothing special.  Rock Bottom is the reason that I'm not big on chains.  I don't think I'll be returning.  Even if I'm stuck at Desert Ridge, there are plenty of other dining options that are far superior to Rock Bottom (CPK, Yardhouse, Rubios, and more).Sorry, RB - had to do it...
2	It's pretty ballsy to think you can get away with only serving your own beer. ...especially considering they're not all that great.
4	This place is only good for it's beer. Their food is unimaginative and boring. Their hand crafted beer is where it's at. Brian Helton, their brewmaster, knows his stuff. He has some beer medals to prove it. The Roadrunner Porter, Raptor Red and Stout are some of the best beers of their style out there. Brian's seasonal brews are top notch as well. The wait staff is wish-washy on service. Bad nights are common, with slow service. I was a regular there for 4 years, so I had semi special treatment. Also, if you are in the service industry, this is the place for you. After 10pm, show your paystub or food handlers card, and get $2.25 pints. All in all, Great place to throw back some pints, and grab a snack. I wouldn't go there for just dinner.
3	Brian Helton is the brewmaster here, and he probably makes the best beer of all the Rock Bottom locations in Phoenix.  By this I mean the seasonal offerings, and his are top notch.  This Rock Bottom location has his amazing milk stout instead of the less than spectacular stout served at other locations.Food has gone downhill over the years as they've tried to improve the menu.  It all started with removing the asiago cheese dip, then bringing it back, then removing it again.  They ditched the portabello on ciabatta, which was my regular entree with fries.  Bad move.Some of the appetizers are unique and worthwhile.  Happy hour isn't such a great deal.  Mug club has good perks for early on in your visits, but once you're passed the early rewards there's little to look forward to.  I have 100+ visits and it's just not fun any longer.
2	So now they've nixed the potstickers, the asiago dip, the portabella sandwich, and the fried mozz appetizers.  They also changed their fries away from the thinner variety to a more traditional & common medium thickness.  They just can't get it right, can they?Beers are the only reason to come back.  Who knows what they'll do with the menu next?!
4	So if you know me you know I love beer! I really wish I was one of those people that hated beer sometimes but Dear God I love beer!! I think its in my genetic code to love beer from both sides of my family. I'll admit if it wasnt for the beer I'd probably never come here but kids eat free on Mon & Tues. that means what??? You guessed it more BEER for ME!!! I did the beer sampler and fyi the tea here is a ripoff just drink beer. BEER ONLY!!! Got it???!?! I had the NEW Mahi Tacos: Chile grilled they are wrapped in soft white corn tortillas with homemade pineapple slaw and fresh cilantro. Served with black beans, ancho chile rice and fresh pico de gallo.  -- My only gripe was the corn tortillas they tasted like paper but the rest was pretty delicous I was upset I couldn't eat all three tacos. You could easily share this plate between two gal pals! Kid made her own pizza and what kid doesn't like making pizza?!?!?! Nuff said...Oh yes did I mention I like the beer here!?!?!
3	Your typical corporate no local atmosphere restaurant and brewpub. This is however the best of the Rock Bottoms in the valley because the quality of the beer seems to be better here than at their other brewpubs.  Food and beers are resonably priced. It is worth it to become a mug club member for additional discounts. My biggest negative is just that it is flat out boring to go to.
3	My experience can be summed up as entirely average. I'm not usually a big fan of chains I got a Groupon for this place some time ago and decided to finally use it.  We sat in the bar area, the atmosphere was as expected, sports TVs, decent brews. We ordered the firecracker shrimp and the sirloin steak, nothing spectacular but decent. The menu said they had a chimichurri sauce for the steak but our waitress had no idea about it. The food was served cold, might have been better had it been warm. I probably won't be back to Rock Bottom when there are so many other (non-chain) options
4	My other half and I frequently go to Rock Bottom to watch a game, sit at the bar and relax. The bartender is always attentive, witty and fun . I like that they will allow you to sample the beers before you order, or you can order a sampler to try a little bit of everything. As far as beer goes, it's pretty good. Not mindblowing or spectacular, just pretty good.  We don't order anything other than the appetizer sampler, and it is SO tasty, with a good selection of yumminess to split between the 2 of us.
4	I love that this Brewery actually brews their beer at EACH location, which is very uncommon for a chain brewery.  The beer here is pretty darn good, and their brewer has the awards to show for it.  This place is in the area, and I have been going there for quite sometime.  The menu has seen a couple of changes throughout the years, some menu items are hard to say goodbye to and some I am super excited to say hello to!  The Texas Fire Steak and the Ballpark Pretzels with Spicy Spinach Cheese Dip are tried and true standbys.  The Cod Fish & Chips and the Little Italy (with chicken) are pretty darn mouthwatering new additions.  And being a mexican food purist, I was pretty surprised to find their enchiladas uber tasty.Their Happy Hour food menu has recently changed, and now for $5 you get FULL Sized appetizers (except the sampler platter) and the beer prices are ever awesome during happy hour. (both regular hh and latenight) Only in the bar and patio, but there is plenty of room to spread out as the patio has misters and is dog friendly and the bar has both tables and booths.  A handful of large flat screens and a couple old school tvs finish off the bar with a large picture window into the brewery (free entertainment if the brewer is brewing at the time, get to watch him at work!).  The dining room has an open kitchen on one side and a wall of windows on the other.  They even have a private banquet room as well, pondering having a function there myself.  My friend and I went to eat here one day with her kids, and kids were free on monday and tuesday, which was pretty cool.This place has definitely seen some changes over the years, but they try hard and if all else fails grab another beer and some chocolate cheesecake and you can't go wrong!!!
5	I LOVE the pretzels! Wish they would bring back the Asiago Dip, but hey, garlic salt and cabs are 2 of my main food groups. Great atmosphere, can always see a game on one of the many TVs, even when my girlfriend thinks I'm paying attention to her! Milk stout is my favorite beer, but the light isn't bad either. Something tells me the others are good too, but it's hard to get me to stray from my patterns. Oh well, I'll leave someone else to review those. All in all, the food and beer is great, and the servers seem to know what they're doing too.
3	I last ate here about a month ago on a date. We were at Desert Ridge and just randomly selected it out of all of the restaurants there. The food was fantastic, but I cannot say that the service was anything special. The place was no more than 3/4 full, but we still had to wait a a few minutes to be seated. When we were brought to the table it still needed to be cleaned. We also waited quite a while for our server to first come to our table. When we received our food, my date (who had ordered a side of mashed potatoes) was given fries and with and apology was told they were out of mashed potatoes.  Then she was asked if she wanted anything else.  I had salmon which was great. In all fairness, it was Sunday night at about 8:00, and I know that peak business hours are far from over.  But, I still expect a little more of an effort from any business.
2	I would rate it as average. I would rather suggest you go to the yardhouse and spend the same for better food and service. Food is average service is not do good. Rating 2 and half.
4	At first our waitress seemed very snotty; I was very tired from work and travel and I asked her what type of beer was the happy hour special and she said it was on the menu 11 times.  But she warmed up to us pretty quickly, and they had some great happy hour specials.  Good food and good beer.
5	The beer is truly amazing, the food is good. Bartenders are friendly and quick to be helpful - along with management always friendly and honest to god happy to see you and hear your thoughts. Great place to watch sports, chat up new friends, and drink some great brew beer by Brian Helton. LOVE IT!!!
2	We went in for drinks and sweets. We were notified immediately that the kitchen closes at 10pm. OK, cool! 3 of us ordered drinks and I ordered sweets. They said the beers were OK. I ordered the warm donut holes, those suckers are good. Service was average. Us girls went to the restrooms and wow... It is gross. SO GROSS! I decided to wait until we got home (and that is a 30 min drive).
4	Pretty good for a chain.  Very conveniently located in the Desert Ridge Marketplace... very yummy salmon and rice and very yummy beer.A little dark inside tho.
2	Food is mediochre at best. Service is slow even by geologic time. The micro brew is typical and unimaginitive. On the good side the patio is dog friendly. One star just for that.
3	After seeing a movie at the Imax in the mall we got hungry and wanted to wet our whistles with some drink, so we stopped in to check out Rock Bottom.  Rolling with a crew 4, we noticed the crowd was older, 50's/60's.  I ordered the fish and chips, husband order a steak dinner.  Friends order a albacore burger, and cheeseburger meal. All food was ok, except for the albacore burger.  It looked really weird, if it was albacore tuna it was burned to crap.  From what I saw it looked like it was brown almost like a veggie burger.  My friend said it tasted really funny so we made her complain to the waiter before eating any more of it.  Our waiter was very nice and apologized for the quality and said she could order any meal on the house.  She ended up getting mac and cheese and was happy with that.  We all got drinks but one of the star drink orders was a sampler of all their beers they brew.  For under 7 bucks you get like 8/4oz beers. In tasting glasses.   Good deal so you can get a great overall sample of what they've got to offer!
2	We decided to go to Rock Bottom before a movie.  We walked in and were informed that there was a 30 minute wait for a table in the "dining room" but that we could opt to sit in the bar area.  So we did the latter.  There were lots of open booths in the "dining room", which was kind of frustrating, but I know that restaurants have to stagger their tables so the kitchen doesn't get overloaded...but seriously, it's a big restaurant...I've been to Rock Bottom several times, both in Denver and Arizona, and I've never had an overly pleasant experience.  During our meal I was reminded why I don't really go out of my way to eat here.  The waitress would disappear for long periods of time, and all the other waitresses wouldn't make eye contact with anyone other than the diners at their tables.  Frustrating...We had the pretzels to start, which were really good.  But, in my experience, even microwavable pretzels are delicious...It came with a side of cheese sauce with some herbs in it...honestly it tasted like velveeta, cilantro and rotel canned tomatoes.  Sub-par.  I had the steak spinach salad, which was described as "fresh baby greens with gorgonzola, walnuts, tomatoes and red onion tossed in a balsamic vinegarette".  The red onion overwhelmed the salad.  The tomato was mealy.  There was hardly any gorgonzola, and the walnuts were nonexistant.  I was bombarded with soggy croutons.  Rock Bottom is just not the place to spend money on food.  It's a bar with a handful of unique beers.  Yard House is MUCH better if you're looking for a dining experience/brewery, and it's closer to the theater.  And their spinach salad rocks.
4	This place has a great happy hour and great atmosphere for watching sports or hanging out. Their mug club is great offering you $3 mugs of beer and freebies every time you get a certain amount of mugs of beer! I always get their hefeweizen. Its perfect on a warm summer day! Their patio is really nice and big too all year round. The service is not bad, but it could be better. I've never been here for lunch or dinner, usually just happy hour for drinks and some appetizers. That said, there's a lot to like on their happy hour menu. A good selection of nachos, pretzels, fries, mini-stack burgers, and more at great prices.
2	Total... service... breakdown!  I waited the obligatory 30 minutes on a Friday night so that my 2 boys and I could duck in for dinner (the make-your-own pizza is a kids favorite). When our buzzer buzzed, I took it up and the gentleman at the front said it must have malfunctioned.  My BS meter went to 10 as we waited for another 10 minutes for a seat.  Once seated, the waitress took a ton of time to get our order, and then for some inexplicable reason didn't enter our order until the first kids meal came out to the table - spanning at least 45 minutes from sitting to serving.  Maybe it was a bad night, I could hear constant service and kitchen screw-ups from the party of 10 behind us.  Food quality was bad on top of this... burger bun was hard, pizza dough was crusty *before* they cooked it as my son was making his pizza... the only thing they didn't screw up was my beer.    Although the wait is comporable, I will pick Yard House at the other end of Desert Ridge next time.  I'll stick to Rock Bottom on the West side at Arrowhead, which has never let me down.
3	The Micro-Brews are wonderful and te food is also great! I only rated it 3star because our waitress was below par
3	This is a completely fine place to eat/drink. The drinks are pretty good, and the food is ok. As far as chains go, it isn't bad. However, I live within walking distance from one of these and go maybe once a year, which I think speaks volumes.
1	So Disappointed!We went for my birthday last night. They were 4 in our party. We arrived at 6:30pm we ordered a drink and a few items off the happy hour menu. The food off the happy hour menu was good.THEN WE ORDERED OUR MEAL, IT WAS AWFUL. We ordered BOURBONZOLA which was dry and tasteless, TUSCAN CHICKEN PASTA we sent it back to the kitchen because it looked like it had been sitting around for days and CHICKEN AVOCADO SANDWICH which was okay.  We will not be going back any time soon. They need to get a manager in there and get the place back in tip top shape because when we ate their 6 months ago it was good.  Just so you know our bill was over $160.00 and for that the food should have been outstanding.
4	I went to this location since the Shea location closed. The happy hour was decent. Although this Rock Bottom didn't have the Titan Toothpicks. I ordered the BBQ Chicken Pizza and it was outstanding and much bigger than what you would expect from an Appetizer. In addition, the Southwest Eggrolls were a little too spicy for me, so I won't be ordering those again and the Nachos were good as well. The total (no drinks, just water) with tip was about $30 and feed 4 people.
4	We come here often and are never disappointed. They have very good beers (I especially enjoyed the Blonde Summer Honey which is seasonal). They have mac n' cheese that is out of this world. The summer chicken quesadilla is really good as well. The nachos come out on a huge platter and the serving is big, but they aren't anything to write home about, pretty run of the mill.The location at Desert Ridge is great because it seems like we can always get in when Yard House or BJs are slammed. The happy hour is comparable to the other restaurants of its kind in the area so you arent missing out on any big discounts. Plenty of TVs for watching sports. Good music and an enjoyable atmosphere. I gave this place one extra star because there beers here are very good.
4	On short noticed I needed a place to throw a business happy hour.  They gave me the entire private back room with a separate entrance and exit and our own server.  No hassle, no extra charges, no fees. Love it!!  Service was awesome and the Food is always good.  We all had a great time and I am a big Fan.
1	Waited 25 mins for service then left.
4	Really had a wonderful time here outside even though the wind picked up The background music @ Desert Ridge was great.  We had beer & appetizers at HH.  All was good and I really liked their salsa.  I choose them specifically becoz they had free wi-fi and that was the best!  Thank you!!  I won't be going too many places at Desert Ridge that don't have it.
5	Great beer, food and service! Best sports bar type place in Desert Ridge. Love their happy hour and mug club! Great place to meet friends and watch a game :) Highly recommended!
4	Went to Rock Bottom with a large party - about 50 people.  They were very accommodating.  The servers were both friendly and helpful.The food:  I had the pulled pork sandwich.  It was very good with a little bit of zing to it.  My teenage daugher had the mac and chicken and loved it.  Someone else in our group had the Kobe sliders (listed as a starter) and said they were great.  If you go, get the ball park pretzels - great dipping sauce.The beer:  Great choice of beers.  We had the Beligan White Ale and it was outstanding.  Went down real smooth - too smooth.  Finished off a couple of pitchers in the blink of an eye!The atmosphere:  It is a fun casual place.  It wasn't too noisy despite being pretty crowded.  The bar area has several TV's.  The prices:  Prices were reasonable.The service:  Service overall was good.  One table of our group didn't get their food for over an hour.  While that was not good, the manager took care of things once it was brought to his attention and provided them with free desserts.I'm not from around Phoenix and have never been to Rock Bottom before, but if I'm back in the area, I would return.
2	Disappointed, and actually a little sad...Perhaps it's the change in general manager (or maybe I'm subconsciously biased because the old GM shared name with a friend).Haven't been to this location in a while, but it had always been solid (good food, great service, awesome beers).  The good news is the beers are still awesome.  Had the Winter Wheat - served with a slice of orange and a sprinkle of nutmeg.  Mmmm...Foodwise, the new, slimmer menu was a bit sad for me.  No more salmon fish & chips and no more meatloaf.  My two Rock Bottom favorites.  Ordered Mac & Chicken and Mac+Chicken+Chorizo.  A side of fries for my picky 2-year old and the badass ballpark pretzels to start.  Now, admittedly, this is bar food and has always been on the salty side, but they've gone a step further.  Now, I do like to binge on hugely salty food once in a while, so I won't say I didn't love it, but I can literally feel it now... Blood pressure meds, here I come...The big bummer was the service.  It started out with the hostesses.  Friendly enough, but it was a bit off-putting to be asked twice if we needed a high-chair (and respond twice that no, just a booster would be great) and then end up with no booster.  Walked back up to the front and asked again, no problem.  OK, so far.  So, then, we sit down... and we wait.  No problem, must be busy... Friday night, holiday season at a big shopping spot... but wait, those are empty tables... 6 of 'em in our section the whole time (maybe shoulda taken that as a sign).  Anyway, after about 5 minutes, our server comes.  She's friendly/pleasant.  We order our drinks and the pretzels.  Drinks come just fine.  Another few minutes later, she returns to take our order.  No problems, but 2 place settings.  3 people.  Hostess doesn't notice.  Waitress doesn't notice.  Then, I see what appears to be a manager stealing settings from one table and putting on another... so, I follow suit and steal one myself.  Problem solved.About 60 seconds later, our lukewarm fries arrive.  Whatever.  Just for the kid.  Appreciate the speed.  That's followed a minute later by my wife's side salad.  About 10 minutes later the pretzels show up, followed by our entries 45 seconds later.  Nice timing.  Then, the kid starts griping about no ketchup.  Hmmm... that's odd... Fries, but no ketchup and no ask from the server.  Whatever. So another couple minutes goes by, and we see our server flying by and flag her down.  Ketchup for all.During this time, I overhear the table behind me working through a problem with their bill (charged for 3 beers they never ordered or drank).If this were a Denny's, I'd be more than pleased with the service.  But, maybe I'm getting picky/cheap in my old age, but it feels like it's kinda shoddy for a $25/head meal.  Our waitress was pleasant and earnest, but clearly undertrained.  The several tables left unbussed around us for the duration of our meal was also a clear indicator.  The three hostesses on duty unable to effectively service a light crowd was another sign.  This place clearly has systemic management issues.  Won't be coming back to this location (though I'll keep an eye on the GM sign in the window and try it again when it changes again).  We'll drive the extra few miles to Shea/101 location next time we want Rock Bottom.
4	Last week I tried Rock Bottom Brewery in Phoenix, AZ(Desert Ridge Mall location). It was very tasty! I ordered the guacamole burger with fries and a cold beer. The atmosphere of Rock Bottom was very classy/sporty with tv's in every corner of the restaurant. It was very spacious inside. This restaurant would be great for family's or couples looking to get away from it all for a night out. The overall menu was pretty affordable. The appetizers were also good. I ordered the chicken quesadilla. Let me know if your in the area and I'd be more than happy to meet you at this restaurant for some travel stories!
5	Brian's beer is GREAT!!! And the food is AWESOME!!  Great patio seating to do some people watching.  Great for hanging out with friends, for families, for business, or for a mid-afternoon beer.  Ask for Tommy at the bar, he'll take great care of ya!
4	I had a great experience, of course I was with my favorite group of moms so how can I not have a good time.  We were about 20 twin moms  and the restaurant had our table ready and Josh our server was on top of everything.  The appetizers were delicious.  My glass of wine was very good.  Of course, wine makes everything better and isn't it considered healthy?
3	Hmmmm, well the food was okay. the service was okay. the atmosphere was just okay. That sums it up.
5	This review is for the happy hour. I love the patio, although sometimes the smokers are a bit much. The service is usually very good and the hostesses always are accomodating by trying to seat you where you like to sit.I enjoy the Brewery Nachos which are served with melted cheddar and pepper jack cheese along with beans, tomatoes, jalapenos and onions. I tasted my wife's fried calamari last night and really liked it. They serve it with marinara sauce and a spicy Thai Chili sauce. The Ball Park Pretzels (two pretzels) are huge and served with jalapeno cheese dip. I find that this app has way too much garlic on the pretzel. The three Kobe Sliders, which are served with fried onion strings is excellent.The dish that rocks my world is the Roasted Vegetable Pizza. During Happy Hour the pizza is $7. It has roasted zucchini, roma tomatoes, red peppers, mozzarella and feta cheese with sun dried tomato pesto, spinach andWAIT FOR IT...............Vinaigrette dressing which is a perfect topping to this pizza. I normally used to get the yummy BBQ Chicken Pizza but have switched allegiance to the Roasted Vegetable pizza.This happy hour is so reasonably priced that my brother-in-law actually took out his wallet last night and picked up the tab.
3	The food is a tad better than okay. The service is somewhat mixed, it depends who you get for the evening. Some are more motivated than others. The manager, Summer :-), is awesome. Ask her if you need anything or have tips for her to inspire you to come again. When I do a food business, I will want her on my team.We love the free wifi. A must for any locale these days. The bear is GREAT. Love the micro brews. A note in general: somebody get a grip on the fish prices in Arizona please. The only healthy omega3 and protein source we all need, instead, yes yummy but unhealthy quesadillas are cheap. Something's wrong here. Most locations throughout the valley still don't take enough advantage of the promotional built in coupons Yelp has to offer to attract new and keep old customers.The five different music styles running non stop in the desert ridge outside area mixed with every store's individual out put is nerve wrecking.A few big plants and bushes along the iron fence would create a more natural and soothing setting. Atmosphere is half the rent.
2	The food is a tad better than okay. The service is somewhat mixed, it depends who you get for the evening. Some are more motivated than others. The manager, Summer :-), is awesome. Ask her if you need anything or have tips for her to inspire you to come again. If I do a food business, I willWe love the free wifi. A must for any locale these days. The bear is GREAT. Love the micro brews. A note in general: somebody get a grip on the fish prices in Arizona please. The only healthy omega3 and protein source we all need, instead, yes yummy but unhealthy quesadillas are cheap. Something's wrong here. Most locations throughout the valley still don't take enough advantage of the promotional built in coupons Yelp has to offer to attract new and keep old customers.The five different music styles running non stop in the desert ridge outside area mixed with every store's individual out put is nerve wrecking.A few big plants and bushes along the iron fence would create a more natural and soothing setting. Atmosphere is half the rent.
2	Nothing stands out at this pub eatery. I went there for a chamber lunch twice and both times the meals was subpar and very small portions.
2	In this spot, I ingested the world dullest Cobb salad and a watered down Arnold Palmer. My accompanying bread roll was hard enough to break a tooth, so I could not partake.At least the prices were not outrageous.
4	Favorite stop! Great Beer and Food!! Tiger Fan Friendly!!!
4	Great Happy Hour...Great service by Mark..Not so great spinach dip...beer on tap so so..Would I go back...most likely...only at Happy Hour.
3	I like the food and atmosphere of RB, but the service here...well....I felt like I was in a High School popularity contest. The waitress was blond and maybe "thought" her looks can justify her business sense. We sat down and in a typical fashion engage by ordering an app and our meals. We felt as though we may have been interupting her day, and this was evident when she forgot our appetizer and when she brought our bill (which was the only real time she acted like she cared). On her way out to bring our bill, she stopped at another table and conversed and gave them great attention for some time, then brought our bill and essentially dropped it off (great way to maximize your tip girl). I could not wait to get out of there which is too bad, but I like the place overall. BTW we made no advances or said anything that would make her feel uncomfortable, but she made us feel uncomfortable....too bad because we ususally give a "MIMINUM" 20% tip......read up restaurant staffs all over, if not for caring about anyone else, at least be nice for the tip.........................
1	I will not be returning.This is place used to have the best beer in town. I got their summer honey ale and it was bitter. Service was slow, spotty, and their classic mac & cheese recipe has been changes. It was a goopy mess that I did not finish.Everything has changed so much. I won't be returning.
3	Their Happy Hour is the only thing that brings me back here. The food is good and cheap for happy hour. The service and beer and something that you never know what you're gonna get... I've ordered the Summer Honey Ale on 3 separate visits:1st vist = delicious! Smooth and sweet, but almost flat. 2nd visit = I swear they didnt give me that same beer, tasted bitter and like their Hefe...3rd visit = The tap is out!My boyfriend has had similar inconsistent beer experiences. He LOVES beer and he actually had to return a stout because it was disgustingly off. He's ordered 2 red ales in the same night and they both tasted noticeable different from each other. The service is minimum. They do what they gotta do to get the job done. They'll be efficient at first and then they disappear and rarely check on you by the end, so weird!!! One time we got there when there was an hour of happy hour still. We sit down, put in our first round of happy hour beers and apps in - all is well - but. .... after delivering food and drinks and after the remaining hour rolled by, they never came back to ask for last happy hour call. Luckily 10-15min after the happy hour ended they came back and knew they didnt ask so they honored the happy hour price. Other than that, if you are looking for a cheap happy hour night out and decent bar food then it's worth it. The beer and service is a mystery experience though!
4	My husband and I love coming here for happy hour. They have great appetizer and drink specials. Their ballpark pretzels are so big and soft and the dip is delish. Last night we also got the buttermilk chicken tenders which were good and not too bready or greasy.  The pork street tacos were also great. We had a very filling dinner by just eating off the HH appetizer menu! We also have a mug club card, which is free to sign up for, and when you show it you get upgraded to a 22 oz beer at no extra charge. You also get other free stuff as you accumulate visits.  Last time we got a free pint glass. Their HH is from 4-7 Mon-Sat, so even if you come at dinnertime you can still get the HH special pricing, which I highly recommend.
2	Decent IPA, I prefer Four Peaks.  Slow service.  Food is overpriced.
4	Tasty and yummy.  I had been to a Rock Bottom before in Bethesda, MD.  I texted my buddy that I went there with and she said that she'd hope it was the restaurant and not the figure of speech that I was at rock bottom.  OH, that was a good start of the night at Rock Bottom.  I got the brew house chicken on the server's recommendation.  Great choice.  The season vegetables were green beans and they were fantastic.  Cooked perfectly.  Not too hard and not too soft.  Perfect.  They were out of mashed potatoes by the end of the night so they substituted with fries, which was fine.  The beers were tasty.  I got the sampler because I couldn't decide on one.  I eventually got the red ale, which was perfect for the weather.  Good place.  Only bad thing about the night was that I left my favorite credit card!  I called back the next day, but they couldn't locate it.  I am certain that I left it in the check folder that comes with the bill.  I'm used to the credit card being placed in the sleeve on top instead of the side sleeves with the receipt.  Shame, but that didn't ruin my trip to Phoenix nor my delight at Rock Bottom.
4	Come here often. Great place to watch a game. Enjoy the beers, especially the current seasonal IPA#2. Great happy hour, friendly staff. Menu is a bit limited and for quality some dishes are a little over priced.Would recommend this location asthe atmosphere and staff are worth it as well as the beer.
4	Love the beer, atmosphere and staff. On the downside, do not waste time or money on the shrimp and lobster enchiladas. There is barely any S & L in them. This after complaining to management after the first time ordering them. I was assured this was a mistake and!  they should be full of ingredients. Ordered a second time, on a different night and the same thing, only this time worse. Three enchiladas, each smaller than my thumb, one piece of shrimp, a crumble of what i assume to be lobster meat and a few small pieces of veggies. A total joke if you ask me.
4	Nice.  Only four stars because the server didn't bring out what was ordered... she did catch it before it was served but after a very big deal was made about NO SQUASH on the plate, its amazing the plate was served up with any.  But, the food was excellent.  Ordered the Bourbonzola burger which was wonderful and some appetizers.  Good quick seating and service, other than mentioned above, and will most certainly go back.
4	The happy hour is amazing -- I wish the had a smoking section outside, but that's fine. I can deal with that.I got $5 guacamole with chips first. When they say "made to order" they don't mean that you can customize your guacamole but rather that when you order it, they make it (which I though was the assumption for all food, but whatever.)Then, I got the $5 vegetarian quesadilla which was pretty good -- the mushrooms were a little weird, but otherwise it was tasty. Came with sour cream and more guac, which was nice.Bartender will give you samples of their beer, which is good. Both of their IPAs and very tasty, and one is particularly stong (10%ABV). I would highly recommend sitting at the bar, watching some baseball, and hanging out like I do.Great place.
1	For anyone who ate here before BJs bought out the chain, the quality has gone down tremendously. Burgers and fries just don't taste the way they used to. They're gross now and taste frozen. Will not go back!
1	The first time we went to Rock Bottom (how fitting a name), the hostess sat us next to a table with three screaming kids right next to where the servers enter and exit the kitchen. The waiter came by after a few minutes, took our drink order and then actually snatched the menus out of hands. He brought us our drinks and promptly walked away. The floor manager came by and we told her what happened. She reprimanded the waiter in front of us and gave us two discount cards for our next visit and comped our beers. The food wasn't great by any stretch of the imagination. So little so that I don't remember what we ordered.We decided to use our discount cards for a second trip. We were sat once again in a far corner by the kitchen. The waiter took our drink order and food order together and instead of bringing out our drinks and then our food, just waited until our food was done cooking to bring out the drinks as well. I ordered the lobster enchiladas which was about $18 (US) because on the menu it sounded tasty. On the plate it looked like a used deflated diaper. The enchiladas were TINY. I asked the waiter if that was what it was supposed to look like because it didn't look like $18 worth of food. The chef that made it came out with an attitude and said, "You should have asked about the portion before we wasted all that lobster." To which I responded, "What lobster? There isn't a lobster tank in here which means you pulled it from a can." I have never been treated so rudely. The floor manager apologized however refused to defuse our anger because the previous manager comped our beers and gave us $20 off our next meal which he felt was more than kind enough a gesture.So if you want Rock Bottom quality food with Rock Bottom service at sky high prices then this is your stop. For those of you who read this review this far: NOT A WORD OF THIS HAS BEEN EXAGGERATED. We are never coming back here.Right across the parking lot are better places with better food on similar menus, The Keg, BJ's, and Wolfley's.
3	I think its funny that when I went to UCSD, there was a Rock Bottom close to campus and I never went. I finally got to try it during our trip to Phoenix. We went to Rock Bottom with Brian D's family to celebrate his Dad's Birthday.  We made a reservation and had issues with waiting.  I got an IPA and a BBQ chicken sandwich and both were pretty good.  I am a weirdo and like when you get shredded lettuce on a burger/sandwich instead of just a piece of lettuce.  The fries were not anything special so I wish I had gotten a different side. Overall, service was good but our waiter did disappear for a while towards the end of our meal but cited that it was starting to get busy.
2	If you've never been to a brewpub, then maybe the shiny casks behind the windows will intrigue you and you'll be overwhelmed by the awesomeness of the idea of a brewpub as you ask your server what they have that is like bud light.If you are looking for great craft beer, theres more and more brewpubs popping up around town which are worth your attention.
2	I'd never been to this location before. With a Yard House, Wolfley's, and a BJ's in the same lot, there is enough competition of the same style place that I would have thought it to be par with those. Or maybe this is something different altogether, which explains the lack of charisma and personality :/We went in for a late lunch (2 p.m.) on a Thursday. Besides our party of two, there was a family of 4 in the dining room and 2 guests in the bar area. We were seated by a waiter that hasn't learned to smile, served by the same smile-less waiter, and otherwise we only saw a bartender on staff during the visit. The menu seemed to have plenty of choices, but we kept it light and simple. My friend ordered the sliders, medium, and they came out well done with absolutely no toppings or sauces or cheese. Is that normal? She dealt with it. I ordered the lemon rice that was missing anything tasting lemon-y and the black beans that actually had a nice spice to them. We had iced teas, which we were drinking quite quickly since they were weak enough to taste more like water, and I think it made the server upset to have to refill them so many times.Weird experience for an empty chain restaurant.....I would think a server and kitchen staff stuck on that shift would want to make enough of an impression to bring people back at that same time in the future :/  Meh :/
5	Love the lobster & shrimp enchiladas!
4	service is very good, prices are ok, the spinach dip, steak, and mac and cheese are all delicious. not the best place in desert ridge but not the worst either!!
5	Fantastic happy hours. Had 4 appetizers and a beer for $26. Jake is the best waiter and will help you with the menu and beers. Took incredible care of us. Highly recommend the guac, street tacos, and veggie quesadilla.
5	I went to Rbb last night and had a great time! Our waiter James was amazing! He answered all of our questions and had great customer service. We ordered so much food and all of it was awesome! It was def a good experience and I can't wait to go back again! Awesome job RBB staff!!!
3	Had great service here but the food was nothing special & the atmosphere wasn't either. Unless you are drinking beer & watching sports there really is no reason to be here.
4	Had great service from James made us feel welcome!!! Great IPA !!! Well done.The appetizer platter was great.Great for a Sunday foot ball game
4	I had forgotten about this place and the great experience I described in my previous review : (We found ourselves right next to this establishment and went there for dinner last Thursday.We were seated promptly an the service was good.Hubby had the cajun pasta, I had... some other pasta with tomatoes and basil, but I didn't even taste he basil :  ( Hubby loved his cajun pasta, I thought mine was so so...We shared a southwest rolls appetizer, I thought it was OK.Our friends had the calamari, and a tortilla soup. They said the tortilla soup was kind of salty.Anyway, I will make sure to go back and have some of the cauliflower that I am raving about in my previous review : )
5	Delicious. Absolutely delicious. The bacon mac & cheese was absolutely to die for. Such a simple dish, cooked to perfection. Well done
1	Went there to watch NFL game.   Food mediocre at best and service was awful.  The only thing that could have made our waiter less attentive was if he had the day off. Stay away.
4	Good food, good beer, good ambiance.   Unfortunately they won't be around much longer, so get there before Feb. 1.  Looks like the Glendale location will be the sole survivor...
1	Chicken over cooked, broccoli looked like a tree and required a steak knife just to cut it as well as the over done chicken. By the time the waitress came back to check on us I had already worked all the calories off sawing my broccoli tree and rubber chicken. Everytime we asked for something it took FAR too long to get what we asked her for. Then she brought our check and then after she brought the copy we were to sign the totals were totally different from the first to the second. Then she says... You get that straight? Wth? That's HER job to get that straight! Uggghhh... Just a bad experience all around. Well except the beer was good.
5	I love this Rock Bottom location, especially eating out on the patio during the cooler spring and fall months.  I'm shocked that they've closed.  What a bummer!
