5	I'm glad to have a Mexican restaurant so close. Loved their tacos. They do takeout, which is convenient for us. They also sell Mexican groceries and sodas.
5	Excellent!!!  This is the place for authentic Mexican.   I had the vegetarian enchiladas verde. The veg. Version cost a bit extra but it was so worth it and most divine as it came with plentiful and fresh avocado. The tomatillo salsa had the perfect amount if spice and flavor. Hubby had veggie flautas; I inly had a bite but he seemed to enjoy them. This is a small but active place in Beechview with a tiny Mexican grocery on the side. BYOB.
4	OMG,  I'm very happy to find something to replace long lost California Taco in my heart and in my stomach.  Very casual and fine with us BYOBing.  Most importantly,  we all were very happy with the food which did not have that typical mid-western Mexican food taste.  Ironically,  I've never seen a surcharge for the vegetarian version, but no complaints as it was well worth it.
5	My favorite "secret" joint for Mexican food in Pittsburgh. They need some better signage because every time I tell someone about it they respond with, "I didn't even know that was there!" Easily the best Mexican food I've had in Pittsburgh, everything is made fresh daily, the meat (7 or 8 different options) is prepared fresh right there in the kitchen, you can watch them blend the different types for different dishes, like campechano. A huge array of options from your usual taco to sopes (so good and not many Pittsburgh places have them), soups, enchilladas, the biggest, most well priced quesadilla I've ever had (they must put at least a dollar or 2 worth of avocado on it alone) and a number of dishes and platters I've never heard of until I started eating there. They aren't pricey either. The most expensive thing on the menu is a huge platter of food, and it's maybe $14. Things start around $2. The hours are cool too. Since it's right on the RED line of the "T" many workers stop to get a bite on their way home because I believe they are open from 10AM to 10PM. It's catty-corner to the coffee shop BREW on Broadway (another fantastic spot in Beechview, this one for coffee and events).  A must check out.
4	I have been meaning to check this place out as I have road by it so many times. Well I finally dropped in with the special lady for lunch and we tried the enchiladas verdes and three of their tacos (Steak, Chorizo, and lengua). I thought that everythng was pretty tasty but I wasn't totally blown away by anything. I hoped for more out of the tacos as far as exciting flavor. The tacos were pretty large and definitely filled me up. I asked them what they had to drink and the guy who was waiting on us said something in Spanish and I said sure I'll try it. whatever it was it was sweet and almost tasted like a hint of beet juice, possibly the blood of the ever elusive Chupacabra, different but a good sugary drink. The enchiladas verde portion was ridiculously huge, they could easily cut the size of the portion in half for lunch and charge $6 or less. I enjoyed the challenge of using my Spanglish with the folks who worked here,we had fun. I also actually loved the vibe of this place, sort of run down with kids going in and out. I would come back any day.Also that was a joke about Chupacabra in case yinz never heard of it...I think that was the first time I have ever used "Yinz" in a review...
5	Pittsburgh just didn't have any good authentic Mexican restaurants. Enter El Milagro. Since we discovered it a few months ago we've been going at least twice a month. In fact, we're going to take my parents there tonight! It's not the most glamorous place, but I think the best food comes from non-assuming places. We've ordered a variety of things. My favorite is the chorizo & egg torta. It's morphed into my go to menu item. We've tried pretty much all the tacos and a variety of other menu items. My husband speaks enough Spanish to order with the waitress, but make sure to bring your phone and google translate some of the Spanish only menu items. We highly recommend El Milagro. Take all your friends and keep this excellent Mexican place in business!
5	El Milagro, which means "The miracle" in Spanish, is literally a miracle in Beechview. Every time I eat there I am made to feel as if I were a guest in the owners' home. The meals are homemade quality and super-delicious. The food is decidedly not oily and the full meals on the inside of the menu and the tacos, burritos, quesadillas, and sopes listed on the back are the real thing. No beer or wine but feel free to bring alcohol in from the bar next door, from the one around the corner (which is open on Sundays) or from home!Prices are reasonable. Service is friendly and attentive. The mostly Mexican or other latin crowd and the TV showing Mexican shows lends to a feeling that I have hopped a plane for Monterrey! I love El Milagro! Highly recommended.
4	This place is legit. Chorizo tacos were spicy and perfect. Even the rice was amazing. I will definitely come back. Next time I'll be hungrier as only having 2 tacos simply did not allow me to eat as much as I would have liked. They take credit cards but we tipped in cash. Like others have said, I wish I would have found this sooner, even though from outside it doesn't seem like it's for real. It is REAL.
4	Not too shabby. Well the atmosphere is a bit shabby, but the food is entirely authentic and after years of time spent in Latin America I feel qualified to levy that judgement. Huge portions, so order on the conservative side.
