3	They have high-quality produce and lots of organic foodstuff, sometimes their products are over-priced and the variety in processed  foods is not the best, however, outside the store they have a shelf with veggies on sale, I like especially their bananas, because they put them on sale just when they are ripe and ready to be eaten, They are open almost everyday and close at 10 PM, which I find very convenient...however, they can do much better in the customer service department, the Asian women at the cash register could use some training and at least try to hide their hostile attitude...or even better, they could get another job where they don't have to deal with people
4	Every Sunday afternoon, you will likely find me wandering the aisles of this nice hidden gem in the middle of the McGill ghetto! A great mix of imported food, organic/veggie products and Asian food. There is also a sandwich counter which I have yet to try. I don't actually find this store that particularly expensive for the quality of products available. With a little bit of self control, my grocery bill turns out to be less expensive than going to, say, Metro or 4 Freres. You also get higher quality products as previously mentioned. You only need to complete your groceries and buy your meat and non-edibles elsewhere.
5	I am very impressed and glad to live next to that store. No meat, fish or chicken but the quality of the products is really above average. Highly recommended.
5	I live right above this store so how can I give it a bad rating it is sooo convenient and I have nothing bad to say about the store. Customer service is amazing.
4	The produces are of really high quality, however the price is much higher than your average Asian grocery stores too.I love the Japanese ice creams available in the store. They do not contain chunks of ice like where I usually get them from in Chinatown.Also, they check on their veggies daily so you can almost guarantee to get fresh vegetables from there.
3	I was glad to discover Eden during my freshman year as it was very convenient. It has everything you need as a student, from kombucha tea to cliff bars, kimchi to ramen, vegan and eco-friendly products...The takeaway service is very convenient when you don't have time to cook although it can get a bit pricey. This is actually the only problem with Eden, and if you're familiar with Whole Food it is the same feeling that you're paying more because you're shopping in a "trendy" place. However I can't deny that this has been my go-to store for the past year and I was a bit sad to move in another neighbourhood, knowing that I wouldn't shop there anymore. You get used to the place very quickly.PS; Be careful with the cut fruits/sushis, I already got unripe mangoes and avocados and couldn't know before they were bought and tasted. Also they tend to keep their cut fruits a long time when they're not bought, had a very unpleasant experience with watermelons.
