5	terrific shop with an excellent, but not overwhelming collection of men's upscale casual clothes.  the owner was extremely helpful and honest and even let me know when he thought something didn't look good on me.  i walked out with two new shirts and couldn't be happier.  i will definitely shop here again on my next trip to Montreal.
5	Great customer service, owner really knows his merchandise and can easily figure out your fit. Trendy and high quality product.
5	The Spot:Amidst the hustle and bustle that is Crescent Street, tucked in between tourist traps and "trendy" restaurants, lies the stand-alone menswear boutique, Boutique Tozzi. Behind grey stone walls and large windows lies a store that found the perfect balance between sleek and cozy with its wooden minimalism, Zen influence and warm lighting. Even more noteworthy, though, is its collection of high-end brands that exude affordable luxury and are sure to bring any man's fashion dreams to reality without having to venture any further than to our city's main core.Its owner, Joey Tozzi, opened the boutique in 2010 after a decade of experience as a fashion buyer. No surprise, then, to see the extensive selection of clothing and accessories the boutique offers, expertly tied together in a coherent whole.What's Really Good?Boutique Tozzi is nothing short of a one stop shop for the complete head-to-toe menswear outfit. With sought-after brands like Nudie Jeans Co, Fillipa K, Naked & Famous and Oliver Spencer, it would easily have been anticipated for only carrying apparel, right?Well, instead, you can also find sunglasses by Tom Ford, Dsquared, Carrera and Dior; footwear by Sorel, Gram, and Creative Recreation, as well as jewelry, socks, belts and watches. They also carry a small (but thorough) collection of men's colognes, because sometimes you just don't want pushy sales people spritzing your face as you try to peruse and find the perfect scent.Oh, and they are home to a killer selection of bags by Fullum & Holt and Filson.And yes, they even carry SWIMS umbrellas.You'll Wanna Know:It is the only store in Montreal to carry Tsovet watches, an upscale California-bred brand inspired by avionics, retro motor gauges and other industrial tools.The friendly and extremely knowledgeable owner Joey Tozzi will more than likely be the face that greets and serves you while you peruse through his very well-curated selection of menswear, but don't forget to take a peek at the many accessories behind the counter.In 2011, the store won (and deserved) Montreal's Grand Prix du Design for a commercial space of less than 1,600 square feet. In other words, it looks great.
5	Boutique Tozzi has been my go-to store for the past 3 years. They have the best pieces from the best brands and I've done a lot of shopping. They can contend with any store in New York, Miami, or Toronto and I mean that. The beauty of the store though is the people that run it. They've got a great eye for what suits someone and can build an outfit around a personality. They'll also tell you when something doesn't suit you which is cool.  Great store with great people in it.
