5	took my car there after taking it to the dealers and other shops, they took care of my problem fast and for a great price, i cannot recommend these guys enough.
5	When you own a BMW, you always get this : "good luck with maintance" Well..that is usually said by either someone that hasn't own one ever, or someone that only goes to the dealership.BMW service is indeed a little..and yes LITTLE more expensive. That doesn't mean it CANT make a dent in your pocket but that's why you need to do your homework on indie shops if you don't know how to work on cars.The guys at SW bimmers are the only ones that I would let touch my baby. Their prices are outstanding, service impeccable and the work they do is always better than the dealership. This guys have found issues that bmw of las vegas couldn't not figure out. Why? Because they take their time witht heir customers and their vehicles. They treat them like their own. And as a car enthusiast this is just best feeling .Be careful when choosing a shop because some of them just want to take your money. I don't remember how many times Ive talked to Devin at SWB and he plain told me "Raul..your car is good..nothing needs to be changed, go out and drive it" I was just so not used to that kind of service where they were not upselling me anything and been completely honest with me. It was impressive and actually shocking to see there are still good shops out thereIf you have a Euro, specially a Bimmer trust this guys. They worth every penny.
5	Unbelievable, an oasis in the Desert,(completely intended pun). This company should be your first and only stop when repairing your BMW. On time on quote and that is unheard of with BMW repairs. A customer for life!
5	These guys are great!  Fast, perfect, reasonable, practical.  Straight shooters.  Highly recommended.  Nice waiting room with wifi and a tv.
5	Highly recommended! Great, honest and fast service! Will not bring my BMW anywhere else.
5	I have been taking my car to the Southwest Bimmers since they opened and I will not trust anyone but those guys to take care of my car!! Those guys check my car thoroughly and never try to upsell for unnecessary maintenance like other places do. I highly recommend this place and will take my car only to Southwest Bimmers in Las Vegas as long as this place is open!
5	These guys are awesome! I'm never going to the dealership for maintenance again! After dropping over $2500 in 2 months at the BMW dealership for various things to be fixed on my 335xi (Left Rear window regulator $580, 2 tires $500, Right Rear window regulator $580, AC $400, diagnostic blah blah blah) they wanted another $900 to replacement front brakes. I took my car into Southwest Bimmers after reading about them on BMW forums online. Dave replaced my brakes for a little more than half that and then replaced my fuel sensor. Originally he thought he'd also need to replace the fuel pump, but after replacing the sensor, decided it wasn't needed (saving me $500!!). These guys are great - very knowledgable, spent a lot of time answering my questions and updating me on the progress of my vehicle.I know I'm gushing, but I can't over-emphasize how much better my customer experience was in dealing with Southwest Bimmers over the BMW dealership! And they saved me a ton. I also got an oil change for $75 versus over $200 at the dealership (same oil and filter as the dealership)! They will not only be doing all of my future maintenance, but will be installing all of my future mods as well. If you're sick of paying exorbitant fees just because you bought a BMW,  take your car here. They do all the same certified work, use all of the OEM parts, provide excellent personal customer service, and save you a ton of money!
5	On my drive in to Vegas from Orange County on a Sunday afternoon, I had a very scary experience with my 2005 BMW 325i. After resting on the side of the road for a few minutes, my car started right back up and had no further issues. That being said, I didn't want to have any issues on my return to Orange County so first thing Monday morning, I yelped BMW repair shops in Vegas. I found Southwest Bimmers. Since I am accustomed to going to a BMW specialty shop in OC, Solely Bimmer, I was determined to find a similar shop in Vegas and I did. I called and spoke with Chuck, explained to him my problem, dropped by a couple of hours later. They diagnosed my car right a way and were able to have have it fixed in less then an hour. They also let me know on the phone that if they were to need my car longer, they would help make arrangements to get me where I needed to go. In the brief time I was in their shop, the phone was ringing off the hook. Chuck and Dave definitely know these cars, are professional, and fair in their pricing. I appreciated the customer service they offered and would not hesitate to take my car back to them. Best yet, they gave my car a once over and let me know it was in great shape and to continue to take it to my shop back home. If you need your BMW repaired in the Las Vegas area, do not think twice about taking it to Southwest Bimmer, you will not be disappointed!
5	Professional, fast, honest, comfortable enviornment, fast wifi, and soon moving to a bigger and better location!!
5	These guys were great! I had some problems with my car when I was down in Vegas and took it to Southwest Bimmers to get it fixed. Not only did they get it diagnosed and fixed right away, their prices were very reasonable I thought they forgot to charge me for something.  I'm always hesitant when dealing with mechanics in fear of paying for work I don't need but they were great! Very honest and professional indeed. If I lived in Vegas I would take all my vehicles there to get worked on.
5	I can't find enough positive words to say about these guys. My daughter was driving from LA to Colorado in the heat and guess what? Yes, her old BMW broke down. I had to rely on reviews and phone conversations with several mechanics in LV in order to decide what to do. The guys at Southwest Bummer were so clearly the best option, based on their willingness to look at it quickly and to not charge a ton just for an analysis. Plus, they just sounded nicer, you know what I mean? Well, I was not disappointed on any level. The repairs needed were significant, and there ended up being some surprises, as there always are when you open up an old car... But they stuck to their quoted price and didn't charge us extra when they probably should have. They are obviously BMW specialists and really understand the quirks and issues that come with owning a BMW, really well. They know what to look for in a way that other mechanics, in my experience, don't. The icing on the cake with Southwest Bimmers is that they were incredibly patient with me and my daughter as we decided how to get the car back (fly out and drive it to CO or have it shipped) and they did all the research for us on car shippers to find the best deal. They went so far above and beyond my expectations that five stars is really not enough to properly credit them for the work that they did. Great job!  I just wish your shop was in Colorado!
5	I don't usually take the time to write reviews but I couldn't be happier with the service that these guys provided, so I'm making an extra effort to write this review. If you own a BMW like me the first thing you are overly worried about is, how much is it going to cost to fix after the warranty runs out! Well my warranty ran out and I had a problem... I'm incredibly happy to have found SW Bimmers. After recently having a suspension problem that was not a very apparent fix they spent the time to diagnosis the real problem before just changing out a bunch of parts, they replaced my rear spring and my car was back in order. I have found SW Bimmers to be honest, experienced and provided me with a great service experience. I highly recommend them to anyone needing BMW service and repairs in Las Vegas. And I agree with everyone else who has written reviews here, I'm never going back to Desert BMW again!!!
5	Ok
5	So far, I am very happy with the service I've been getting with Southwest Bimmers. After my manufacturer's warranty expired, I knew I had to find an alternative to the dealership because they really know how to squeeze every penny out of you. The guys at Southwest Bimmers seem very honest and I never feel like they're trying to rob me. I will never go back to the dealership as long as this place is around. Bonus: They have the CUTEST mascot named Mister Mister that likes to greet the customers and just makes your day looking at his adorable face :p
5	Would it be too much to say that I am in love with a mechanic?  Well, I am!  This was the first time in 46 years on the planet that I have gone to a mechanic, gotten the maintenance done that I needed and was sent on my way without issue or upsell.  How refreshing Southwest Bimmers is!  Seriously.  I just purchased a used BMW and no lights or issues, just wanted some regular maintenance done, oil change, a new light buln for the turn light.  That's what they did, changed my filters but made sure it was okay with me before they did that, charged a super fare rate, told me how lucky I was to get a used car in such great shape and sent me on my way.  Awesome experience.  My car purs like a kitten, the lights are all working and it didn't hit me hard in the pocket! Usually a woman going to a mechanic is a recipe for fear, as we all feel taken advantage of.  But I didn't get any of that there, they are extra friendly, professional, quick with your appointments - in and out - and honest!  Yes, I said honest!  I will be with them forever (or as long as I am a BMW owner).
5	Got to give them 5 stars due to friedly, prompt and courteous service.All current and future bimmer owners, there is no worries with expired warranty! I contemplate a long time to purchase a extended warranty but didnt get it and wont need it thanks to SW Bimmers!
5	If it wasnt for the guys at Southwest Bimmers, I would probably no longer be the owner of a Beamer! I have an older model that breaks down every few months with minor issues. Naturally its always a headache, but I cant tell you how much easier these guys make my life. On time  and VERY fair estimates, have a cheap tow service that gets billed on your invoice (which I have utilized twice), the guys are very honest- they will tell you exactly whats wrong with your car, what is needed immediately and what will need to be replaced x amount of months down the line, things to watch our for, things you can DIY. They wont 'fix' it if it is not completely necessary for safety and performance. I work around the block from their warehouse, I can take my car in before work, one of the guys will drive me to and from work and my vehicle is usually in and out in the same day. Are you kidding? WHO DOES THAT?Seriously, if it wasn't for Chad and Chris I would not have a beamer any more. Thanks to them I've learned a lot more about my machine, been able to do some repairs on my own, and extend the life of my vehicle. Cannot say enough great things about these guys, NEVER GO TO THE DEALER! These guys are more professional, realistic and are just GREAT MECHANICS.
5	Ok
5	Great service! Will be the only place for all my BMW 325xi maintenance and repair needs. I'm Never going back to the dealer!
1	I had a horrible experience with these guys. They wasted two days of my time and didn't fix one thing. I took it in the first time and they "diagnosed" the problem but didn't have the parts so I had to make an appointment to come back another day. Mind you, this place is close to NOWHERE and I had to bother people for rides since they are not open on the weekends. I called the day before my 2nd appointment to make sure they had the parts they needed. They said they did. I took it back today. When I went to pick it up, NOTHING HAD BEEN FIXED!!!! They spent the whole day "diagnosing" the car AGAIN even though I was VERY EXPLICIT (when I scheduled the appointment and when I called to make sure the parts were in stock ) about what I was bringing the car in for. They didn't even call to tell me they weren't fixing the car to to give me an explanation. I will be finding another BMW mechanic. THANKS FOR NOTHING!!!
5	Great service and there always honest. Go there to see Chuck, he'll take good care of you..
5	being a Euro car owner for over 20 years, I've had experiences between good, bad and ugly I must say that finding this shop was the best thing that could've happened to me (currently) owning a BMW.  Being around the block a few times with these cars, I know a few things...Devon (owner) is a hard working, honest guy who does his best for everyone,  I have never been disappointed in the service, the pricing or the quality of workmanship from this shop. He has a sterling reputation and believe me, he deserves it.Read the other reviews, you don't get nailed and punished for owning a BMW by this shop.  They are beyond reasonable, and treat you like an intelligent adult, not a dummy with an open checkbook..Las Vegas has a big shortage of reputable repair shops....As long as I'm in LV and own a BMW, this is where it's gonna go-End of story.  Southwest Bimmers is building a good business around sound practices and excellent customer service, they deserve the highest possible ratings here.rjp
2	These guys have fixed prices for everything which are same as the Stealership. What makes them different than the Stealership? Read below and decide.I went there to get my BMW checked because I could smell gas outside the car. They put it on the lift and told me it's the "Fuel Sender Unit" and gave me $500 price for part and Labor. I asked him for a breakdown (part cost, how many hours of labor and what's their hourly labor rate) and the guy said "It's Fixed Price and that's how much we charge". Later I discovered that part was only $235 (original/brand new at the dealership) so they were charging me $265 in labor for one hour. Dealership at Sahara quoted me about the same. Another import shop charged me $80 for labor and changed it in 30 mins. I wouldn't mind paying $140 ish/hr labor for premium car but $265 is outrageous.Giving 2 starts only because the staff is very polite and helpful. They might do good custom work but stay away for general maintenance. There are plenty of places in town who can do basic maintenance for a lot less.
5	On Thursday 12 June arrived in Las Vegas in my 1997 528i, a day from completing a cross country trip that originated a few days before in Maine.  The air conditioner was not working and I was dreading crossing Death Valley without AC.  I had to be in Pasadena, CA that afternoon and I was not optimistic about finding a place that could fix the AC on short notice.  I am not familiar with any businesses in Las Vegas so  I looked on Yelp for a BMW shop, read some of the reviews for SW Bimmers and gave them a call.  John answered and told me to bring the car over.  He had the AC charged up in less than an hour, and repaired a faulty windshield wiper arm to boot!  It was great service, the price was reasonable, and the convenience was superb.  It was nice to be able to find a shop quickly in a city I am unfamiliar with, and have good friendly service.  Thanks SW Bimmers, I really appreciate the service.SAL
5	I've been a BMW owner and BMW CCA member for over 20 years here in Las Vegas. I've seen BMW shops come and go... good and bad. Well Southwest Bimmers is definitely one of the good. They've done awesome work for me... everything from replacing the head on my E30 318is to replacing the AC evaporator on my E90 M3. Devin is a consummate professional and always takes the time to thoroughly explain any work that needs to be done to my cars. And the rates he charges are more than fair. If you own a BMW and want great work done at a reasonable price, this is your shop.
5	A+Amazing customer service! The owner really cares about making sure the right thing is done and not ripping the customers off! Devon, actually drove with me for a bit and hooked up the car to a computer to diagnose the issues BEFORE I paid a cent...A BMW dealership would NEVER do this, free...I drove away, and came back later to drop off my car...no credit card hold, no deposit. Fixed the issue and worked with my insurance. Perfect!Just an honest man, running a top tier shop. Hands down great service. This is your place if you have a BMW!Jon
5	I moved to Las Vegas a month ago.  When I arrived, my wife's car needed servicing, and mine conveniently needed a new starter.  A friend recommended SW Bimmers.  Man, I was not disappointed.Service is the driving force here, and from the office manager, to the owner, they treat you like gold.  If the Four Seasons was in the car repair business, this is how it would be.  The shop is super clean, the reception area is not a luxury hotel, but clean, nice and comfortable.  The bathroom is even clean!  What a concept.I highly recommend SW Bimmers.  I'm a customer for life!
5	I have nothing but praise for Southwest Bimmers.When I first bought my BMW in February a local buddy of mine, who is a BMW buff, recommended them to me and I too have been utterly delighted with their service, their professionalism, prices and friendly manner ever since.
5	I rarely write reviews on yelp but after my fourth visit to Southwest Bimmers, I had to show some love. By far the best place to bring your BMW in the Las Vegas area. Extremely easy to make an appointment, very knowledgable staff, and they give you options which most places don't do. Most shops I have been to will just say this is what you need done and that's that. Southwest Bimmer will give you a couple options and works with you to get the lowest price. I wouldn't say they are the cheapest in town, but I would rather pay a couple extra bucks to get the better service. Plus if you have a bimmer you should be able to afford better service. It is far cheaper than going to a BMW dealership and they have just as good if not better technicians. 100% recommend them.
5	Brought my 2010 X5 diesel in July , you'll need to make an appointment few days ahead if you want to get in. I saved lots of time going here and it was personalize service I even got to hang out in their waiting room while they were working on it usually I have to drop off my car at a dealership for a whole day and maybe even get a car.I think I'll become a regular here at Southwest Bimmers, the guys were great. Devon, the owner even suggested I bring my vehicle in in 5 to 10,000 miles just to get a good walk around look at the diesel.you can tell Devon really cares about the cars. John who works the office is as great too. Im a lifer at Southwest Bimmers! Thanks guys
