4	I was nervous the first time I went to eat at Tiny's.  My apprehension has to do with their location...in the past three years, the spot they are in has housed no less than five restaurants.  What if I like Tiny's and they can't overcome the curse of this location?!?  The good news for Tiny's is that they have changed the model, all the previous occupants were basically fast food hamburger type places.  Tiny's is a sit-down restaurant, only open for breakfast and lunch (and I believe they are closed SUN/MON).Last week, I popped in to try to get a to-go menu to try to convince the wife to give it a go.  Unfortunately, no to-go menus were available, so I just took a quick look at the menus.  Before I left, I chatted briefly with Tiny, who seemed nice.  This weekend, I had some family in town so we went there to try it out for breakfast.  No problem finding a table, but the restaurant was about half filled the whole time I was there.  We were quickly offered drinks and I got some of coffee.  The good news is that the coffee is only $.99 for a bottomless cup!  The not so good news is that it kind of tastes like $.99, nothing too special about the coffee.  To compare to one of my go-to breakfast places in town (The Place aka Mike & Ronda's), I ordered a similar meal as to what I'd get there.  I ordered two scrambled eggs w/ cheese, hash browns and homemade biscuits.  My wife ordered one of the daily specials, Banana Nut Pancakes.  I have to say, when the food came out, I was a little underwhelmed, my biscuits were not huge like I expected and my wife's pancakes did not have any visible bananas or nuts.  Upon eating however, the flavors did not let me down.  I made some nice egg/cheese/potato biscuit sammies which were good.  Plus, the food got better as I ate, and I always like that.  My wife didn't finish her pancakes, so I gave them a try.  I was pleasantly surprised with how stuffed they were with bananas and nuts.  They were very good.I liked Tiny's, and even better, my wife did too.  I'm sure we will be back, though maybe next time for lunch to see how their chicken fried steak is.  Four stars for the good grub.  Hopefully they stick around.
4	Apparently I am a victim of a disapearing review. I reviewed Tinys about a month ago, right after they opened. Back then I tried the Meatloaf dinner, corn bread and salad. The meat loaf was dry but good. The corn bread was dry but goodThey slathered brown gravy over it and made it great. I will not hold the dry food against them as it was soon after grand opening and there were not too many diners in and out yet. Today I had a egg salad sandwhich, and frys. It was nice because sitting at the counter I could see him make the egg salad fresh. I asked to add a little pepper and mustard because I like it like that and he was more then happy to do so. I have yet to try breakfast. Maybe next week.
5	As the name would indicate this place is fairly tiny. Upon entering every table was taken, so my husband and I sat at their counter area. We were greeted and given menus right away. I knew I would love this place when I asked for iced tea I was given the option of sweet tea. I love sweet tea and it's hard to get some in Arizona. My husband ordered coffee, but our server made the mistake of giving him sweet tea as well, but my husband didn't complain as he is a southern boy who loves his sweet tea.Both my husband and I ordered omelettes. He the Spanish and me a Denver. Both omelettes were very tasty and so fluffy they were like scrambled fluffy clouds. The hash browns were great. They are not frozen or from a bag. The potatoes are fresh cut and delicious. Tiny's also has their own yummy homemade salsa, which I pour on just about anything I order. Our server never left us with empty drink cups or even half empty. Most anytime she walked by she checked on us and refilled our drinks. The counter area is a good place to sit as you get to see the food prepared right in front of you and experience the hustle of the cafe. I will definitley be back for the wonderful food and spot on, friendly service.Since this review my husband and I have been to Tiny's a number of times. We love it here. The service and food are always spot on. On our last visit we ordered the milk toast which is buttered toast with cinnamon and sugar in a bowl and served with hot milk. It's almost like the cereal Cinnamon Toast Crunch, but way better. Maybe it sounds odd, but it's worth a try. We also ordered the hillbilly benedict which is biscuits with eggs, bacon and their homemade gravy poured all over it. It's delicious.
4	I'm stoked to have another decent breakfast spot close to my house. Tiny's is good ol' home cooked style food.I ordered up the Spanish omelet, which has some fluffy eggs, cheese and their secret family spanish sauce on top (which is a tomato based sauce with celery, onion, tomato & maybe some other ingredients). It was pretty good.The hashbrowns are awesome. I love the thinly sliced potatoes that are cooked up crispy on the top layer. Good stuff.The inside of the place is nicely decorated and the bar seating area is pretty cool looking. The service was friendly and accommodating. We'll be back.
5	I met Dr. Dave Mancuso (of http://theAllStarLife.com) there for breakfast.  Those were the best biscuits, gravy and ham I have had in years, maybe forever.  The cinnamon roll was to die for as well.  I highly recommend Tiny's Country Cafe.Dr. Joe Hornback
4	Tiny's Saturday am around 9-10.... Slammed, in a good way. I waited a few min to sit because I was not sure if there was an open table. Once seated were were greeted and served our waters. It took the nice waitress a few times around to the table to remember she forgot the kids hot chocolate, but eventually got it. I had the 2 egg, toast and hasbrowns. The kid had french toast, scrambled and sausage. My eggs were perfect, the toast was great the potatoes were good. The french toast was super, the sausage was well sausage and the scrambled was scrambled. There was nothing that stood out except just good food. The service was not great, but it was not bad either. The place was clean and inviting. The prices seemed reasonable for what you get. Just get there early to get the GRAVY!
4	On the outside, Tiny's doesn't look like much. It looks dumpy, and kinda cheesy.  Their menu looks like a Charlotte's Web book cover, and upon entering, you've been transplanted to the midwest.However, you get a fantastic dining experience. First off, the entire restaurant is run by a warm and welcoming family, I've never been given so many grins and smiles while I was eating and enjoying my breakfast, which is a nice change compared to the usual server walking by every 10 minutes to see how I was doing. Even the cook exchanged a joke with me, when the food came out super fast and hot. We sat at their counter, which looked like it was transplanted out of a classic diner, facing the kitchen, which was fun because we got to see our food cooked by a stereotypical "cook", who was methodical & fast. I ordered the chicken fried steak & biscuits, because I hate my arteries, and my wife got the "Hot Stuff", which was a scramble with ground beef & jalapenos. Both were definitely delicious. My biscuits were soft, the steak nice & tender, and the creamy pepper gravy was incredible. The hashbrowns were amazing, mainly because for once, they were not frozen bagged garbage.  The toast was your typical bread thrown on a griddle, no surprises there, and the 99ct coffee tasted like 99ct coffee should. My wife's dish was cooked very well, although I would have appreciated some seasoning applied to the meat.  The jalapenos were spicy, and the rest of the veggies were great tasting.This is the nice thing about Tiny's. It's pure in what they are, and what they do. Go for the welcoming atmosphere, the incredibly low prices,  and the chance to have what seems like a nice homecooked meal.
4	Welcome to the Midwest! This is a step back in time and place.Tiny's feels like the neighborhood cafe that you never had. Food is good, solid and wholesome. Breakfast omelets are fluffy, potatoes are 5 star and the coffee is sans foo-foo. Be sure to read the suggested menu items posted on every available space. Service was excellent, price is more that reasonable, and waitress was friendly and homey. In fact I am not sure why this rating is not 5 stars. But it isn't. Will try this place again and revisit this review. You can't go wrong at Tiny's.
5	I love this place. The food is clearly made with love and the folks there are so inviting and warm.  Great vibe. Great food. Great price. You can bet the next time I visit Phoenix, I'll be coming back to Tiny's ;)
4	Tremendously good. And a tremendous deal. Located near the corner of Greenway and 19th Ave., a bad luck spot formerly housing Lenny's Burgers and several other restaurants, Tiny's Country Cafe should turn that bad luck around. This is a family business, run by mom "Tiny" and her daughters. They have a long history in the Phoenix restaurant business starting with The Famous Restaurant on Dunlap, back in the 60's.     Decorated in country style, with red check plastic tablecloths, lots of down home pictures and hand-lettered signs, a menagerie greets you as you enter. The day's specials are posted on the walls, but there's a menu too. We were there for lunch, so we ordered "Family Favorites" fried chicken ($8.99 for a half), and meatloaf ($7.49). These came with soup or salad, real mashed potatoes or fries, vegetables, and a roll or homemade corn bread. Ken enjoyed a cup of three bean soup, loaded with beans and very flavorful. My salad was nice and fresh, topped with green peppers, tomatoes, and, a nice touch, scallions. The cornbread was delicious. Somehow it managed to be both moist and crumbly. Too bad it was served with Country Crock margarine. Both the fried chicken and the french fries were greaseless and perfectly cooked - and there was a light hand on the salt shaker. Ken would have preferred bigger pieces of chicken, but I like the small ones because of the ratio of skin to meat (more crunchy skin), and because often the bigger pieces are bloody near the bone. I found the meatloaf somewhat strange: it had a texture that reminded me of corned beef hash. Not necessarily a bad thing, but the bottom of the slices had been burned on the griddle.     Other offerings on the lunch menu include pork chops ($8.99), chicken fried steak ($7.75), sloppy joe ($5.99) and a variety of sandwiches and burgers and salads. But the real treat here is dessert. I've never been able to figure out why people like strawberry pie - now I know! The flavor of the berries shone through the not too sweet glaze, and the crust was delicious. But we were told that the coconut custard and peanut butter pies are even better. Oddly, rice pudding, at around $3.75 was more expensive than the pie.      We're planning to try breakfast sometime soon. The biscuits and gravy are prize winners. Egg dishes are served with either hash browns or grits. There's a dish called "hog wild" which is two pork chops, two eggs, and two biscuits covered with country gravy ($8.25). I've heard of milk toast, but have never seen it on a menu until now. It's three slices of buttered, sugared toast with hot milk poured over it ($2.50). Odd. You can get a plate of hash browns topped with fried onions, cheese and sour cream. I can relate to that.     So come to the country for breakfast or lunch, seven days a week, from 6 AM - 2 PM.
5	I can't tell if this is a diner or a scene from a movie.... whatever it is, I'm in.Fairly seedy strip mall just a minute away from Turf Paradise.  Definitely a blue-collar, salt-of-the-earth crowd.  Inside though it's a very classic midwest feeling diner.  I told the waitress it looked like the place "had been there forever"... she told me it had only a few years!  (It used to be in Sunnyslope)...   I couldn't tell if the spelling errors on the all were bad grammar or just an adorable attempt at being folksy.  The prices in this joint will make you feel rich.  It's practically free!I got the mountain of fried potatoes with eggs, etc.  Delicious and about $5.  My special lady friend got eggs, bacon, hash browns, etc.  Her taste in breakfast is pretty All American --- she gets the same thing in every place so she can always compare.  Gives it a solid thumbs up!  Also... I always think you can tell a good breakfast place by the orange juice.  Tiny's passes the test.  (Butterfield's has the best OJ though)They promote their blue-ribbon winning cinnamon rolls up front.  We got one to go.  Liked it.  Didn't love it.  I prefer my rolls sans almonds.How this thing is so popular on Yelp is beyond me --- the food is terrific but I didn't look at the clientele and think "social networking."  I thought "domestic beer" and "belt buckles" and "if-I-keep-staring-at-my-fellow-diners-someone-is-going-to-kick-my-ass"  (I Stereotyped!  There!  I said it!)
3	My mother and i went here today for the first time. i heard alot about the bisuits and gravy and the hashbrowns..so first. the biscuits are very good. light, soft, very homemade tasting.. the gravy though very good , isnt as good as my moms. i prefer some sausuage in my gravy! the potatoes and VERY good although they are not "hashbrowns". they are more of a home style potato.. sliced and grilled.. very tasty! the eggs were cooked perfectly . over  medium.... having said all that, there was a down side.................i like a big glass of milk with my breakfast. .always have. i ordered one and got a glass that was about 8 ounces of milk! and was charged $2.00 for it. which is the cost of a gallon! its principal! thats a rip off! dont rip me off!! charge a fair price, make a profit, but dont take advantage of your customers.. rule # 1 !!!!!!  At that price and volume of milk per serving, approx. 14 servings per gallon, they are making 28 dollars on each gallon of milk!! its just not right! i hope they see my comment and consider reducing their price to a reasonable price. for the size glass they serve, 85 cents  is fair and still a profitable margin...thanks
3	I'm giving this place three stars because the people who work there and Tiny, who owns it, are just so nice.That being said, I've eaten here three times, the meals ranging from ok to totally forgettable...Nothing I've eaten here has been outstanding, though most of it has been good.  The breakfasts are more reliable than the lunches, I think.  I ordered a tuna sandwich and it was dry, tasteless.  I make a better one at home, and I'm no chef.  Plus served with out-of-th- bag chips.  This is a gripe of mine.  Who wants to go to a restaurant and get served bagged chips?  Well, some people maybe, but not me.  One good thing I had was the coleslaw- not too mayonaisey, very tasty.So far, I'm not sure if I'll return. I like to give mom and pop places business, and Tiny could not be nicer.  But I haven't had anything that's hooked me yet.
5	Yup...5 stars. It's not a fancy place..it's a hole in the wall, down-home type of breakfast and lunch place. First time there with my regular Sunday breakfast buddy, the coffee princess. We didn't dig the coffee, but everything else...WOW...Their walnut cinnamon roll won first prize at the state fair and was well deserving. Scrambled eggs with cheese and knock your socks off hot sauce?? yes..PLEASE! We'll be back.Be sure to bring your glasses or contacts though. Much of the menu is written on sheets on the walls, nice touch, but if you've got a case of the morning groggy's, you might have trouble seeing them from afar.
1	I came here because the reviews were so high and I wasn't expecting much, but I didn't even get that!  It was crowded when I came in, great sign, so I stayed a few minutes til a table came available. Once there, my waitress came over with water and said she would be back, love the prompt service! Then I watched her do odd jobs, take orders from a table that was already served and one from a new table that came after me. It was only when I was ready to leave that the hostess told her to come take my order. I waited even longer for my food even though the place had cleared out and 3 tables that came after me had theirs. It came and I was shocked that this is what people were raving about. The biscuits were small, the fries were soggy greasy, the eggs looked fake and my water was long gone. This country crap hole makes Denny's look like the the Phoenician. Don't waste your appetite or money here.
4	We hadn't been out for breakfast in quite some time, so yesterday I convinced my hubby we needed to go & he agreed. I had bookmarked a couple places on here & we decided to give Tiny's a try. Our waitress was a sweet lady & promptly took our drink orders. No coffee for us, hubs got o.j. & I got apple juice. After looking over the menu, I decided on the french toast, side of bacon, & the specialty hash browns. Hubby got the chef's omelette that came with hash browns & toast. The french toast was simple & a small portion but that was perfect for me, I loved it! The bacon was tasty & the hash browns were amazing-in addition to potatoes it also had onions, cheese, & a dollop of sour cream on top, delish! Hubby's omelette was huge so he could only finish half but he said it was yummy & he finished the hash browns & toast so that's always a good sign. Our total came to $25 & come change, not including tip. Not bad, not bad at all!We will definitely come back for a Sunday breakfast. Especially in September, which is when the hostess informed us of their famous cinnamon buns being made then!
4	My husband and I recently moved to a place nearby, and stopped in to check it out.Greeted the minute we walked in the door, and seated quickly.  Coffee was good, service was quick.I had the 2 eggs on a mountain of potatoes with peppers, onions, and cheese.  5 bucks. Awesome amount of food, and really well prepared.  Had a sample of the biscuits and gravy ($1.99) and although I have nothing to compare it to (biscuits and gravy were not normal fare where I grew up), I liked it. My husband had serious menu-envy and wanted what I had ordered.  Being the nice person I am, I switched with him. NOT!!!!Looking forward to trying the cinnamon rolls in the fall.We have been back once since, and were treated like old friends.  This place is great.
3	We were hungry, this place was on or list to try because of Yelp. It got rid of the hunger and removed a check from or list, but nothing much to write about.The people I'm sure are very nice.. The food is par, nothing special or with a unique twist. The breakfast specials seem to be pretty affordable.The specials posted on the walls are the best bet for you. Put the menu down an stare at the walls.
3	Mixed emotions regarding breakfast at Tiny's this morning.  I wanted to like it but I know in my heart I won't go back.  Service was friendly and swift.   Loved being able to sit at the counter since I was a party of one.  Where I went wrong is telling waitress what I wanted rather than ordering a set menu item.  By the time I was through - veggie omelet, side of bacon and soft drink was close to $17.  Bacon was plentiful and flavorful.  Veggie omelet was boring.  Potatoes were not greasy but were bland.  If I pay that much for breakfast I want a memorable meal.
4	I was here a few weeks ago and didn't get my review in.  Good, home-style cooking.  Nothing fancy but when you want a good breakfast this is a great spot to go to.   Staff is friendly and makes sure to learn your name, make you feel welcome.  Don't be discouraged about the outside - all the good restaurants are in some silly strip mall anyway :-)
5	Yum! Homey friendly and relaxed. My dad who always complains about eateries said "I'm going here next time I'm in town".
4	Lot of character in this small place with the signage that reminds me of diners in the South with food combos & prices on the walls.  Service was very friendly and attentive.  Food was rather basic though for breakfast, nothing great but nothing bad.  Prices were on the low side but those low priced combos were rather modest in portions.  Overall fair, but certainly deserves a bump for atmosphere & service.
3	A good solid place for breakfast.  I had read many of the reviews on Yelp and had it bookmarked.  I set my schedule this morning to stop in as I drive by it early most Thursdays.  I wandered in about 8 and unlike my normal habit I set at the counter.  It's like a chefs table in that you get to see the cook in action.  I ordered decaf and they brewed a fresh pot for me.  I ordered chicken fried steak with hash browns, scrambled eggs and toast ($7.50).  There was enough gravy to sop up with the potatoes.  Breakfast potatoes need gravy! :-)  The meal was filling without being too much.The food is a mixture of bought in frozen bulk and made from scratch on site.  My chicken fried steak was a prepackaged item tossed in a deep fryer and covered in home made gravy.  I saw a batch of biscuits come out of the oven while I was there and on my next trip there I will make sure to try some.  There were 2-3 batches of fresh thin sliced potatoes in various states of done going constantly on the grill.  All the various forms of eggs looked proper, my scrambled were neither runny or stiff.The service was adequate and pleasant. The atmosphere was old school hole in the wall and the additions to the menu on the wall were both confusing and cool at the same time.While I would not rush across town to go here I would certainly make it a stop if I knew I was going to be in the area and hungry for breakfast.
1	Ya know I received a coupon in the mail for this place, so I decided to try it. After we ate a not so good breakfast; they declined my coupon. Overall food was not that good. Customer service was even worse.
4	I would have never stopped here without a recommendation but now that I have I am a fan.  The strip mall on the NW corner of Greenway & 19ave isn't very fancy and the tiny little restaurant is just that....tiny.  Maybe 12 tables in the entire place but the breakfast was great and the prices were better.  I had the bacon and eggs with biscuits and gravy with all the Yelp recommendations.  The bacon was crispy, the hash browns were brown, & eggs cooked perfect to my specifications.  The biscuits were good with the gravy as well.  I want to go back soon now and try other entrees, my cousin who recommended this place had the steak and eggs and I had a bite of that and it was tender and flavorful....oh yeah and only $6!
3	Just wanted breakfast and didn't know where to go. Yelp led us here...other yelps said try the cin roll so we did. It was good but whatever. Also had the chicken fried steak and country gravey, eggs and hash browns. Over all it was decent. Nothing special but just some good "home cooked" food. Its like rating breakfast in a small town or a grandmas kitchen.
4	Great little hole in the wall. Food was great but nothing fancy.  Its home cooking at its finest.  If your looking for something exotic and fancy this really isnt the place. Decor is nothing special but the staff and local patrons were very friendly.
4	What a great local business.  Small and quaint and friendly staff.  We always order off the menu that's posted on the walls handwritten on paper.  We have never had a dish we haven't liked and the prices are so reasonable!  Their cinnamon rolls are absolutely delicious.
5	I love the ambiance in this little cafe! I felt like I had stepped back in time or atleast that time slowed down a little bit. Everything was fresh and delicious! I had my favorite breakfast of country fried steak. OMG the gravy was amazing! My husband had the pork chops and eggs... They eeeeee juicy and it was a huuuge portion! This place is so good for the price... I'll definately be going back! I can see why it was packed on a Sunday morning!
3	The boys and I came here during our spring training trip.  We were headed somewhere else, which ended up being closed, so Yelp pointed us towards Tiny's.Located in a strip mall Tiny's looks like a 50's diner inside.  Lots of specials all over the walls, and a friendly waitress who was very accommodating.  Prives were great, but the only thing that kept this from getting 4 stars for me was the weak coffee and the biscuits were not homemade.  Worse, they were like soft dinner rolls out of a bag.  So, 3 stars for you.  I'd probably go back, but there are much better breakfast places in the metro-Phoenix area.
4	Tiny's is right ...... it's a tiny place but soooo worth the wait. They have an awesome NY steak and eggs for $6 bucks and it's plenty of food. Everything I've had on my several visits have been wonderful. The staff is friendly and it's just a good ol' country kitchen. They have a multitude of specials all over the wall above the grill. Amazing cinnamon rolls or should I say bigger than softball size. Huge.
4	We live closer in (Phoenix) so rarely have cause to head north for breakfast.  We found this place on Yelp and decided to try it.  In the genre of traditional diners, this is a gem.  The food is simple, well prepared and cheap, and the service is great (super friendly staff).  One of the people in my group ordered the pork chop breakfast.  It was somewhere around $8 and enough food to fill two hungry people.  If this place is in your flight path and you like old time greasy spoon breakfast joints check out Tiny's (and avoid the lines in Central Phoenix)
5	Best place in town for a good down home cooking.  Home made biscuits and gravy is the best in town.  Very friendly staff mostly members of Tiney's family.  Can not beat the food value or quality.
5	Awesome staff. Sat at the counter and watched tons of great looking food go by. I went for the "Lil ol Country Girl" which is an egg, bacon, sausage, and biscuit and gravy. The kitchen claims proudly "I come from a family where gravy is considered a beverage." And they delivered the best gravy I've ever passed by my lips. We will definitely be back.
3	Decent breakfast, decent prices, decent interior, excellent service.  Not going to be one of my favorites though, I like to have a few healthy choices and you won't get them here.  If you want  old fashioned, down home, country cookin then this is definately the place for you!
4	Just dropped the dogs off down the street at the groomers and thought we would stop into Tinys for breakfast.  Restaurant was almost full when we arrived just before 9am on a Saturday morning.  Racetrack was opening today so we thought that maybe this had drawn the crowd.  Quickly found a table and almost immediately our server was providing iced water, menu's and my first cup of coffee,  Last time we ate here was several months ago and the place was slow, one waitress and the food as I recall was nothing to write home about, especially the steak and biscuits and gravy.But today, with 3 waitresses for this tiny restaurant, the service was great and the food was even better.  My wife ordered a simple plate of bacon and eggs, while I ordered "Granny's breakfast" consisting of steak, eggs, hash browns and 2 biscuits and gravy.  What a difference a few months make!  My steak as absolutely cooked perfect and the taste was out of this world.  So tender I could have eaten this even without teeth....it was that good.  Last time my biscuits were hard and stale, today light and fluffy with out of this world sausage gravy. Almost forgot to mention my hashbrowns, they were not only hand sliced but were nicely browned unlike many of the restaurants we have tried.  Both of our eggs were cooked to order perfectly, no runny whites, just very nice sunny-side up eggs.Don't think we will wait until the dogs need another groom before we stop by again.  You should really give this "tiny" place a try.
4	Yelp lead me here while my car's AC was being checked down the street.I had breakfast here and it was very good.  This place as a fun vibe that reminds me of back east.  I will stop in again if I am on that side of town.Try:- French Toast
