5	Gorgeous shop.  Beautiful chocolates, pastries, muffins and coffee service too.  All items are made on premises by hand.  They do a daily lunch item for 6.95.  We tried the chocolates and the pastries.  They were packaged in pretty boxes so we could get them home without "smashing" them.  They have a couple of tables if you want to stay and eat in.  Check them out, we did and they are a rockstar of a shoppe!
5	This is a great addition to the Neighborhood. The chocolate is divine and the coffee outstanding! I can't forget about the pastries either. I had the Mocca Java cookie today along with a few chocolates. So good! I highly recommend the Salted Caramels and the White Chocolate and Goat Cheese Ganache truffle!If you are in the area go and check this place out. I promise you won't be disappointed!
4	In honor of local business and my love of  a good pastry shop , here is the info on No Phoenix's newest delight.   Cute and thoughtful decorated with a glass window to watch chocolates being made this is a special place. Yahoo and Hurray ! I am thrilled to have a bakery that is tasty , homey and has great lunch tarts, salads,sandwiches and coffee!  Located near ASU west just north of Thunderbird , this quaint mom and pop bakery has the elements of a being a local haunt.Owners Pat and Tony Rayner have loads of chocolateriering and  baking experience and their display case shows it. Filled with tasty cookie bars, filled chocolates ( chocolate with goat cheese ? Yes please! ), pain au chocolate, big cookies and tarts .This is like a great back east bakery , And  the goodies are fresh and taste like the way you'd make it if you could . Did I mention they also have one of my downfalls  chocolate covered macaroons? It's so yummy! Prices are reasonable ,and the macarons are only a buck! Now if that weren't enough they also have sandwiches and tarts that seemed European , maybe because Tony is was formerly a British baker? Lunch time treat ? Try the one of the salads with goat cheese and walnuts....mmmm.  Food can be take out or stop and eat at their sweet little tables. Looks like they are well equipped for coffees, smoothies and other breakfast nicieties too.  Close to my work it  may become my new favorite.
5	This locally-owned coffee/chocolate/pastry/sandwich/soup shop is a wonderful little jewel tucked away with several businesses on the East side of 51st Avenue just north of Thunderbird. I was so lucky to run across it a month ago! I rushed over to welcome them, and found to my delight that not only was everything scrumptious, but the owners are kind, down-to-earth folks (who happen to be a killer chef and a chocolate wizardess) who are committed to sourcing their ingredients locally. My family and co-workers are slowly working our way through their offerings and absolutely everything is outstanding.I hope you get a chance to try Rayner's soon - you won't be sorry!BTW ASU students - they offer a Student Discount - sweet!
5	Finally! An exceptional bakery and coffee shop in the West Valley! The place is fairly hidden, in a non-descript  strip mall on the east side of  51st Ave just north of Thunderbird but worth the effort. Their coffee is exceptional but my current fav is an iced Jujube fruit and black tea. I'm addicted. We're eating our way through their pastries; the croissants remind me of the ones I enjoyed in France. And their homemade chocolate-dipped biscotti  and Meringues (both Pistachio and Strawberry) are heavenly. There is a very particular German woman at work who gave very high marks to their Pear Financier Tarts (us too). And don't ignore their sandwiches and salads. They have a build-your-own sandwich for $5.25 that puts to shame the same sandwich with much lower quality ingredient at Sprouts for$ 2.99. And where else can you get handmade chocolate stilettos (for real)! We are delighted to finally have this level of quality in the bakery coffee and chocolate department on our side of town.
5	I'm really happy I found this place. It's tucked away in a strip mall slightly off the main road. The interior is casual kinda cute and homey. The food is great!The pastries are delicious, the chocolates are hand made. They have some unique creations as well, like Jujube tea for example. It's a locally-owned shop, and the owners are nice, down-to-earth and talented. They also source some of their ingredients locally, which is always a great way to support our community!If you are particular about your pastries, come here and you will not be disappointed. The coffee is good too. Really, this place is so much better than the Starbudgets down the street. I'm so thrilled to see a quality establishment open in the area. I hope a trend begins.
5	Amazing pastries, British delights galore, and very reasonable prices! The chef has apparently been at it for 50 years and it shows. I'm so glad to have found this place!
5	they use sunburst farms produce and products. everthing is fresh daily &absolutely delicous.  very hospitable and passion for there buiz. one of the unique things was, for  first time visitors you will receive a free mouthwatering chocolate.
5	Met some clients here for a meeting and really enjoyed this place. Had a sandwich and the tea both were really good.
5	This is what yelp is all about; finding gems like these! The staff is amazingly nice, the coffee is delish and the chocolate is completely sinful. Kind of hidden north of a preschool off of 51st ave.
5	WOW My mouth is watering thinking of what I'll  have next time!  Love the Atmosphere!  Chocolates and pastries to die for!  And lunch was amazing!  "Chef" Tony is an artist.
4	An adorable little mum n' pa hole in the wall shoppe. It's situated right next door to one of my oldest friend's apartment complex, so we definitely get our breakfast fix here whenever I crash on his couch.The owner's are a really nice cheerful little minnesotan-esque couple that is happy to stuff you silly with their tasty treats and sweeties. My best bud being a rather rotund and convivial man always gets his sweet tooth fix here and I definitely can't blame him, all their little chocolates and pastries just look downright gorgeous. I'm more partial to savoury flavours myself so I opt for breakfast sandwiches they offer that are served with their very own house made ciabatta and a thick cut pepper smoked bacon that just typing about is making me salivate- what's more is they were more than willing to accomodate me and make it mayo-less as I rushed back in to modify my order in a near panic when I realized it came with it.Can't wait to get back here and scoop up some bon bons for me dear ol' Ma.
5	Very nice surprise,  a quaint friendly bakery, coffee cafe.... that emphasizes pastries, coffee, soups with a nice menu for breakfast and lunch...Such a nice experience we plan on being regulars... With everything made fresh , and a local supplier you cant go wrong and being a patron is the epitome of local support... tucked away off Thunderbird and 51st ave on the east side ...it is worth the visit... Did not have the soup but was told the clam chowder is to die for.... served on the weekends  I will be back :)
5	I'm shocked there is not a line out the door!  What a gem on the West Side!!  Awesome pastries and chocolates with delicious whole foods baked in.  The Coffee Jolt cookie was incredible with spicy dark tones.  The short bread full of buttery goodness like it should be. Now  the surprise...The coffee - WONDERFUL! It even impressed me; the greatest coffee snob of all.  I cant wait to try their lunches.  Hurry in before everyone else finds out and you can't get a seat in this perfectly decorated cozy little shop. Look for the yellow sign north of T-bird on 51st Ave.
4	This is a more unique local business that serves chocolate, European (mostly British) styles foods, and British grocery items.They have a full menu of breakfast and lunch items but I ordered one of the Scotch egg pasties out of the display cooler along with a lemon bar and Highland shortbread. That, with a large latte, was just over $12. The pasty was pre-made and warmed in the oven so it came out fast and was so good. Very soft, perfectly baked pastry crust with a sprinkling of pepper and salt on top. The Scotch egg inside (hard-boiled egg wrapped in sausage) was delicious. The sausage was perfect and not at all greasy and the egg was cooked just right.The lemon bar was more of a type of lemon curd oat cake instead of just being the typical lemon-y gel stuff over graham cracker crust and was really good. I like that it was more hearty than your average lemon tart. The shortbread was a little harder than I like but has nutmeg and cinnamon in it and was great when I dipped it in a hot coffee I made myself later.The latte was great too. It wasn't anything special but wasn't too milky and the coffee wasn't bitter which is all too common in less-commercial coffee places. Just right.You can see right into the chocolate-making area and there were a bunch of different types including these huge high heels made of chocolate. Really cool! I, unfortunately, didn't actually sample any of their chocolate but I'll be back for that sometime hopefully soon.As I was in and eating, two different people came in and were obviously regular how they chatted with the owners. It was nice to have that real mom-and-pop-shop feeling there.I definitely hope this place sticks around! I don't frequent this area of town but if I lived over there, I'd certainly be a regular.
5	You couldn't pay me to write a bad review on this place. Absolutely wonderful. Stop in for breakfast, have some coffee, try some handmade chocolate, stay for some lunch and try some handmade chocolates. Chef is incredibly talented and his wife is incredibly pleasant. Wish I stopped in more than I do. Follow them on Facebook and get ready to drool over their daily specials. Do yourself a favor and try this place if you haven't.
4	Cute bakery/coffee shop hidden in a little plaza on 51st Ave off of Thunderbird Rd. Nice selection of unique baked goods, chocolates and coffee drinks. I loved the egg free breakfast cookie and my daughter highly recommends the chocolate and nut brownie. The owners work the register and the other is the chef, and are super friendly and clearly take pride in their establishment. I would have given them five stars in a heart beat (and I wish I could have given them four and a half stars) but they didn't offer skim milk as an option for the coffee drinks. Not a huge deal at all but it's what I like. Oh well, black coffee was just fine with me. A nice change up from the chain coffee shops.
5	I live in California but wanted to send something nice to a friend who had a rough time in Glendale, I wanted to send chocolates that were a very nice variety and higher end. When I called around and finally reached Rayner's the woman that answered the phone immediately answered all my questions and was very knowledgable about all the ingrediants used in each chocolate. The hotel will be picking up my order, but on product knowledge, quality ingrediants, and customer service alone I give them top marks. I hope when I see my friend she will share a chocolate or two so I can actually try these mouth watering creations!
4	I popped in here the other weekend. I had just gotten back from a city renowned for its coffee and was looking for a decent latte.This is a very nice, family run joint with some tasty looking treats. All I can speak to was the lemon bar and coffee that I consumed in a flash, and I can attest that both were quite good. Drop by if you're in the area, this seems to be a great local business that deserves the support of the community they service.
5	What a great little place tucked away on 51st Aveue/Tbird.  Along with great coffee, sweet treats, who knew they had the best biscuits & gravy?  We did!
4	The hummus, veggie, and focaccia bread sandwich is good. Perfect for a light lunch. I bought some of their pastries hoping that would make for good snacks/easy to grab breakfast options, but they were lack luster as best. I will definitely stop back to try their shepard's pie though.
4	A little fun dive really off of 51st Avenue...Easy to find if you know where you are going.The store kinda wants to have this little European flair I guess...it wins in the pastry area, but not necessarily in the overall atmosphere.Once inside, you will find a tasty display of some remarkable pastries including croissants, dry cookies, tarts etc..... In addition,  Rayner's also offers snacks and sandwiches. And if this is your first time visiting the store, they will offer you a complimentary chocolate.Very nice staff - and there are also some shelves stocked with European goodies, even some candy bars I grew up with including Smarties Yeah!The coffee is delightful. Thanks to Yelp - I found this place just looking for Espresso and  was pointed in Rayner's direction.
5	Rayner's first came on my radar a couple of years ago thanks to mentions by friends.  I've become a real fan once I tried it.  It's hard to decide my favorite food offering there:  pastries?  handmade chocolates? Delicious lattes?  Outstanding soups? Tasty sandwiches?   I must face it, I love them all!
5	Tried this quaint little place for the first time today with the highest of hopes and was not let down. I went mid-morning to get a cup of coffee and something to eat. The lady behind the counter was very gracious and let me sample a piece of dark chocolate with an espresso cream filling. It was exquisite. I then bought a cappuccino wet and a muffin which I believe was cinnamon streusel. Hands the best cappuccino I've ever had and the muffin was so moist and the streusel added the perfect amount of richness and flavor. Excited to try they're large variety of coffees and teas as well as they're breakfast dishes and pastries.
5	This is my new favorite place. I came in for a simple cup of coffee and was quickly sold on their delicious lunches and chocolates, all for a very low price. The service is absolutely wonderful. I would highly recommend this place to anyone!
5	Wonderful little spot, so glad we found it, fanstastic turkey and cranberry sandwich and pastries are delicious!
5	Wonderful Service and Fantastic food! Especially the Gluten free sandwich we had !!
3	The strip mall in which it's located is nondescript so pay attention, but if you are near ASU West or Thunderbird, make a pit stop! The latte was sufficient - not the best press I've had but definitely not the worst - but the savory and sweet treats are what sold me. The service was sweet, helpful, and graciously warm! The feeling was just happy and homey. The pastries rival what I tasted in Europe, and my savory biscuit breakfast sandwich tempted me to order a second (which would have triply killed my diet). I was delighted to see they sell truly Briton fares, and I not only have some PT's tips, I also have a new box of Builder's tea to cut my teeth on Monday through Friday to save myself from sad corporate coffee. Builder's is not a pansy tea, no way, this is the stuff of the makings of that enviable strong, upper lip of the quintessential Brit that we Americans somehow lost in our independence. As far as tea goes God Save the Queen, and as far as pastry and coffee goes, long live Rayner's.
5	The hospitality is stupendous. The lattes and mochas my wife, daughter, and I had were creamy and smooth. While we waited for out drinks we were treated to hand crafted chocolates. When we are anywhere near ASU West we will definitely stop by.
5	What a hidden gem.   The food was delicious, the owners were so incredibly kind and friendly.  Thanks for a wonderful experience!
5	Fantastic quality home cooked food! Great friendly service and a welcoming neighborhood environment!
5	This place is one of a kind. I've tried nearly everything on the menu and have never had a bad experience. In fact everything I try has only turned out to be excellent. From breakfast, lunch, dessert, coffee, and their other drinks everything is delicious and satisfying -- and all for incredibly low prices. The owners are extremely friendly and interesting people who are more than willing to have a great conversation. I can't think of a better place for lunch anywhere -- let alone Phoenix. This place is truly a treasure.
5	This is one of the best restaurants in the West Valley. It is tucked away in a nearly vacant business area, but the food is something else. Run by a nice couple, the chocolate and pastries are handmade and the sandwiches are of the gourmet variety. They make a good cup of espresso too!
5	First-timers get a free piece of mouth-watering chocolate!!!! So yummy!!!!
5	I searched coffee and found this gem. What a delightful little shop. Fresh homemade chocolates, fresh everything. I was so pleased with everything. The prices are more than reasonable. The owners are present, they actually work there. Very pleasant folks! I highly recommend Rayner's.
5	Sitting in the parking lot at Wally-world on 59th & Bell, it's lunch time which means the Mexican Phone company (Taco Bell) or better yet, fire up Yelp and see what's in the neighborhood. Wait, what's this? A five star joint with over 40 reviews?  Hard to believe!  Well, believe it! Completly hidden on 51st between Greenway and TBird is a gem of a coffee/chocolate/sandwich/breakfast place.  Run by the owners and serving up incredible food and genuine service.  Had the Unforgettable Bacon Hot Dog with  secial sauce (red onion, jalepeno, swee icle, green olives, , etc.)  Wrapped in bacon on a perfect stadium bun and it was awesome.  The Princess had the grilled chicken with feta and tasiki (?) sauce- she can't wait to go back.  We've already made plans with friends to check out the breakfasts.  They also have homemade pastries and handmade chocolates which are the real deal!  (They generously give first-timers a free piece of chocolate). Judging by the steady stream of customers at 2:30 on a Saturday, I'd say the word is getting out on this wonderful place.  They also have a great selection of British grocery items for sale.  Check it out, you won't be dissappointed.
5	Black Forest Ham & Egg Sandwich Combined with Great Service is an excellent combo.... Also had a mocha andit was......Delicious .....
5	A hidden gem we stumbled upon on our way out if town. We were just visiting family for the holiday and needed a quick "treat" for the road. Boy were we in for a TREAT! Handmade pastries and chocolates!! We ended up buying way more than we expected because everything looked and WAS so delicious. The owner helped us by explaining each different chocolate and even gave us a free taste (TIP: if its your first time they give you a free sample:) it was a little slow but that was only because they spent so much time and attention on us, which is a huge plus in comparison to all those big busy coffee shops that rush you through. Needless to say it was difficult to leave but alas California was calling us...but we at least had some delicious treats for our trip home!
5	What a wonderful place with fantastic service! I came here for lunch last week and was impressed. The service was fantastic and the woman who helped us was kind, especially since I was eating with an adorable and animated 2 year old. I had the chicken salad on a croissant. Wow! Delicious! We were offered some chocolates to try, which were delicious. We also bought a number of pastries which were all good. I would definitely eat here again. My only suggestion is to not come in here in a rush. I don't feel like we waited too long, but if you are expecting "fast" food then you may want to call it in or just expect a few minutes of a wait. It is worth it!
2	I went here today for lunch and was super excited to try it out based on the 5 star reviews... What I found was a 2 star restaurant. I would be shocked to find out if everything and/or anything was freshly prepared in house. I had a grilled chicken pita that tasted mediocre and my mom had a caesar salad which I swear is from Costco! If you are looking to spend 8+ on a meal that can easily be picked up from the pre made section of a grocery store then be my guest and give this place a shot.
5	While Glendale does not have a shortage of cozy little cafes, this gem is a real must-try. Tucked in the middle of a small, quiet commercial complex near ASU West, Rayner's features delectable and unique chocolates such as goat-cheese truffles, and a selection of beverages and  tasty pastries and breakfast/lunch offerings. Fancy fare without fancy prices, served with the Rayners' friendliness and warmth that make this  cafe such a pleasant breakfast and lunch spot. Oh ... and free wi-fi, too, plus a small grocery for British items!
5	Amazing! As a teacher and a mom of an eight year old I seek workspace away from home. Here is a veritable slice of Britain with Wifi, great coffee/tea AND food. The chocolate is divine! The ambience is quirky. The staff is personable. I'm home!
5	Best chocolate we have ever had! We were surprised at their lunch variety and everything we have tried so far has been excellent. They have fast service to get you in and out on your lunch break. They also make custom chocolate for special occasions and are quite talented. We eat there once or twice a week now. The chef is from England  and has amazing British recipes in addition to American menu options.
5	First time here today.  I brought my husband who is extremely picky. I was worried about his reaction to trying something new. He got a bacon, sausage, egg and cheese sandwich that he was thoroughly impressed with. I got the bacon, egg and cheese on some bread I hadn't heard of. It was so good I wish it wouldn't have ended. Since we didn't eat there we stood and waited for out food and coffee. We decided to buy some of the chocolates. Since I am currently full I will have to update after chocolate consumption.  It is a quaint little shop with some amazing greeting cards and a lot of eye candy on the walls. If you are in the neighborhood stop by and try it.
4	Wow, I never would of known this place existed if I didn't see it on Yelp. As a first timer, they offered us a piece of chocolate, and I tried the milk chocolate coconut one. The chocolate was soooo good! I got the black forest ham & egg sandwich, and it came out in a hamburger bun. It was really good, but nothing I fell head over heels for. My boyfriend got a lunch combo, which came with sun chips or fruit. The lady suggested we upgrade for some other kind of chips for $1 more...the chips were good, but definitely not worth the $1 upgrade.The prices were really good too. My breakfast sandwich was around $4 and the lunch combo was around $8. I do want to go back sometime and try their pastries because they look SO good!
5	Tired of the same ol' coffee, we decided to see if yelp could help us and it brought us to Rayner's. I can tell you that it is a great little shop and the cappuccino (wet) was amazing actually the way it should taste. We had the 4b Black Forest ham and scramble egg sandwich and the 10b sausage bacon and scrambled egg. Bothe were delicious. I also tried and Italian love cookie (shortbread and jam) delicious. As first timers we were treated to a sample of the homemade chocolate ( dark, pumpkin seed). Everything was superb. This small business is the place to go!
5	LOVE, LOVE, LOVE this place. The coffee and food are delicious! The atmosphere is great, owners are nice, and the baked goods are perfect. Couldn't be happier!
5	My husband & I enjoyed a beautiful morning here. Great music & staff. While our coffee and smoothie were brilliantly prepared we browsed their imported products, chocolate shoes and pastries. Not too many environments like this around Glendale. You should go check it out.
5	Went here for breakfast. Visiting from out of state. Came in and the owner was very friendly and welcoming, she gave us a sample of chocolate and it was one of the best pieces of dark chocolate I've ever had! I had oatmeal and coffee for breakfast, their black drip coffee is really great too. Lots of great selection and chocolate, and lots of imported British treats too. I will definitely come back here again when I'm in the area. Great customer service. It was a pleasure eating here.
5	What can I say but WoW!My wife recently read about this place in the paper. If you did not know it was there you would probably never find this place. It is situated off 51 ave. just north of Thunderbird.There is a strip of stores that run east and west and they are situated about half way down this strip of stores. When I walked through the door I knew immediately I would like this place. My wife and I shared a pastry and a couple of short bread cookies. Don't ask the names we just picked what we thought would be a good selection for a first visit. OH! You get a piece of chocolate free on your first visit. I did not look at a menu but saw some of the specials posted on the walls. Now I am planning a trip soon to have breakfast. Decoration is for me hard to describe. Comfortable, friendly, clean, a place to meet a friend for breakfast or lunch, not just once but many times. There are two separate rooms where you can sit and eat plus outside. In the room we were in there was a wall with many different foods from England. Even though they were very busy the owner and one of the helpers took time to talk to us. Everything we had was very good. Or what I should say much better than good. Give them a try. I know you will be as impressed as I was.
5	It doesn't matter what you get. It will be absolute perfection!! The beautiful fresh fruit cheese Danishes are to die for! The Irish breakfast sandwich is incredible. The Vietnamese pork sandwich is delicious. The roast beef pear sandwich, turkey cranberry, ham and Brie . The coffee. The chocolate. It's all perfect. And if you can't tell you --will come back for more!
5	I give rayners five stars because it is mom and pop, it is very clean, and the food leaves you feeling clean. It is very popular and I've had the garlic and potato sandwhich(I don't remember the name) the turkey and cranberry and Brie(I think that was the cheese) and it was really good. Their chocolates are nice and their tea and coffee have quality to them. You won't leave super full, but you will feel good about it.
3	Lady (I think owner?) working was friendly & the decor was very cute. They had a nice selection of pastries as well as an extensive list of different coffee drinks. I always try to frequent these little Mom & Pop kinda shops & this didn't necessarily disappoint but it wasn't the best I've ever been to. I ordered a raspberry danish & an iced coffee with salted caramel syrup.  It was just weak hot coffee poured over ice with maybe a tiny bit of the syrup. The pastry was great but as far as coming back because I need my coffee fix, I'll probably keep looking. I do look forward to trying more of the pastries because there were quite a few & they all looked scrumptious!
4	My Mom found this delightfully decadent cafe while visiting from out of town. It is a feast for the eyes(their array of chocolates and baked goods is phenomenal!) as well as the palate.  I highly recommend for a lovely cup of coffee and beautiful pastries and croissants.
5	My new favorite bakery in town! I found this corner in the wall place on yelp and the reviews didn't lie! I was very impressed by the delicious and unique quiche "ham and cheese and egg tart", frappe dark chocolate coffee, and pastry! I also enjoy the personable service and free chocolate as a first time customer...dark chocolate macadamia nut..mmm...I was back 3 days later to show it off to a friend who was in town! Great place for a pick me up, decadent treat, breakfast, or to enjoy time with a friend. Also serves lunch menu and has unique hard to find cultural foods for sale! Hard to keep me away!
5	Fabulous pastries, lunch that makes you happy, and pastries...oohh the pastries.
4	My friend and I were looking for a new place to have coffee.  We found this bakery at a central location and decided to try it out.  I ordered the bacon & egg sandwich and a mocha latte and both were very good.  We also received a free piece of their homemade chocolate for being first time guest!  Overall our experience their was very pleasant...no complaints.  Before leaving I ordered a snicker doodle cookie to go.....it was delicious.  I would definitely return and try their lunch menu!
5	I almost don't want to write a review about this place because I want to keep it our neighborhood's best kept secret. They were recommended to me by my cousin who had been a couple times. They have obvious Scottish and Irish influence and this is a big draw for my family. I decided to try them out for lunch, ordered an iced chai latte and the ham and brie croissant sandwich special. Holy. Balls. The best chai I've ever had (and they'll make it dirty if you like), and I was honestly sad when the sandwich was gone. The owner and chocolatier was so friendly and offered me a free chocolate since it was my first time. She brought me the cinnamon rum milk chocolate. I don't typically like cinnamon chocolate but this was exceptional. I'll probably pick up a few of these specifically next time I go back. The other woman who came in had a lavender dark chocolate, which sounds delicious. I also like that you can tell how fresh and homemade everything is, and they're not skimpy with the sandwich fillings. My sandwich was loaded with thick cut black forest ham and big hunks of brie. I also lime that they mayo both sides of the sandwich, it's the little things that count. I don't typically like ham either but this was well worth the gamble! I'm sooo soo sooo looking forward to going back!
5	Just ate here with my father and the food was great. He had a breakfast tart which while good wasn't very big. He still loved it though! I had bacon, eggs and toast with a sliced tomato, the bread was hands down the best I've ever had. Also got a snickerdoodle to take home and I'm nibbling on it right now and it's also the best I've had! The lady who runs the place was super friendly and the atmosphere was open and welcoming, great hidden gem.
5	My roommate and I wanted to find a local coffee place to just sit at and we found this place. Absolutely tickled pink. The iced coffee is cold brewed and fantastic. Prices were great. My roommate got a butterscotch latte and she loves it. I am most definitely coming back here again.
5	The weather outside today is perfect for coffee on the patio, and because I'm into supporting local businesses, especially coffee shops and restaurants, I thought I'd give Rayner's a try. Also, I love chocolate. I'm glad I did. It's quaint, with limited seating. Since its just me and a friend this isn't a problem. There is a wall that sells a variety of British goodies like teas and cookies. The menu included breakfast items as well as sandwiches and a case displaying yummy pastries. We tried the snickerdoodle cookie. Yum. My friend had a cold brewed iced coffee (a must try if you're inclined to iced). I had a butterscotch latte, substituted dark chocolate cuz I don't care for white. It's delicious.
4	Well, where do I begin? We had visited before and received a free piece of chocolate for first timers. The chocolate was smooth and delightful. We promised to return for lunch one day. Well, Saturday was that day. We arrived and found the restaurant to be half full and rather quiet. We were asked by the clerk if we wanted to take out or dine in. We decided to eat there and sat at a table near the window. Let me say this before anything else. The smells from this place are fantastic. Fresh baked sweets, rolls, pies, soups.....wow. Utopia for your nose. We ordered a few coffee iced drinks and our main dishes. I had the Cornish patsie (beef pie) and the wife had a turkey sandwich with bacon and no mayo. Here's where it went south a bit.The turkey sandwich, while perfectly prepared, was rather flavorless. The lack of mayo made it necessary to find other condiments to liven up the sandwich. While the sandwich was OK...my patsie was delicious. The beef was flavorful and the salad had fresh, crisp veggies. The iced coffee drinks were probably the biggest disappointments. The syrups added presented a "fake" taste that ruined the beverage quality overall. My wife ordered a second beverage in exchange for the first and after a quick apology by the clerk we had a new drink on the way with no hassle. Great customer service!The desserts were our second conquest. Let's just say that after ordering the bread pudding I took some to go after I checked out. Lol. It was a spiced cake style of bread pudding. Very tasty. Overall, 2 drinks, 2 main dishes, 3 desserts and great service was about 35 bucks. I will be frequenting this place in the future. As for the hiccups, don't forget that you don't need to bat 1,000 to make the All Star Game.
5	This place is amazing! Best pastries ever. Friendly staff. Everyone is family here.  Mom and pop joint, super comfy and cozy atmosphere. Yay Rayners!
4	I visited this famous Glendale eatery for breakfast as my eldest son has eaten there & recommended it strongly to me.I wasn't dissapointed. I had a huge breakfast of pancakes, eggs, bacon, syrup etc mmmmmmmm delicious & a great way to start the day in this fabulous city. It's always very busy & you may have to queue for a few minutes but believe me it's well worth the wait. Don't miss it!
4	Delicious chocolate!!! Did try a sandwich a cream cheese turkey with cranberry... it was definitely unique... maybe a little much for my taste, it wasn't bad just not my thing. My mother had a sandwich with brie and Dijon mustard she loved it! I have yet to try the coffee maybe tomorrow for breakfast : -)
5	Everything is amazing! Ate the Brie cranberry ham sandwich for lunch today and plan on going back for breakfast tomorrow morning! You can tell the owners put so much thought and care into every dish. The west valley is lacking in unique delicious places like this!
5	This place is an adorable, hole in the wall coffee shop. The staff is friendly and the food is good. But the coffee is amazing! So many choices, I may never get to them all. But I will certainly try!!
5	I love this cute little coffee/bakery shop! I went my first time and the owner gave me a free chocolate for it being my first time! The food was also good and she can make just about any drink you want. Love this place.
