4	so since moving to charlotte, i have had a lot of car issues. thankfully, nothing expensive. but i think part of that is because i have lucked out on finding some actual honest car repair shops. this one definitely falls into that category.so for about a couple of months, i've had this weird warning light on in my dash--and the guys at select import told me it had something to do with my tires (pressure or a leak or something of that nature). they filled them up but said everything else seemed okay. about a few days later, one of my rear tires went almost completely flat. i could also hear a hissing sound coming from it. since it was late and all the nearby tire places were closed, the best we could do was fill it up and hope we made it home. we took it in to this firestone shop, and the took a bolt out of it and repaired it for about $20.we were good to go on that tire, but the warning light was still on. so we just kept driving, and eventually one of the front tires started falling flat. again, i filled that up and waited until i could see if it would deflate again (probably not smart, since i have no idea how to change a tire). it started deflating, but i had a chance to quick run back to this firestone and have it fixed. again, a nail. again, they fixed it. again, about $20.it was super quick. they didn't mess with unnecessary tire sales. they seem honest and were super nice. and they also let me nurse my new baby in their lounge area without batting an eye. well...maybe they batted an eye, but they did a good job of avoiding eye contact with me while i did so. good one, guys.
5	By far the best place to take your car.  I drive  30 minutes to get there and pass many other car places but wouldn't go anywhere else.  Vic and Dean are as nice and honest as they get. They have serviced our cars for many years!
4	This place deserves some more reviews, but I'm assuming the owners and their customers aren't the most active Yelpers. I'll be more than happy to explain why I think this place is my new favorite auto shop.Honest, Quick, Friendly & well priced. I'm usually not a fan of Firestone's, but I went to this location because a co-worker recommended them.This is a locally owned Firestone, two brothers run the shop. After bringing my car in for a some seriously shaky brakes, I left with smooth brakes- turned rotors, an oil change and tire rotation. I thought my car needed more work to fix the problem, but these guys assured me that this should do the trick. It's such a rare find when you stumble upon a auto shop that you feel didn't try to nickle and dime you. This may not be the nicest looking place or in the most convenient location, but they have earned my return business.
