5	Ok, this place is near and dear to my heart.....I mean they have the BEST sushi in Charlotte....hands down...the best!  The sushi chef is a master at his craft and a very nice guy(especially to put up with me altering rolls to my liking:-). I haven't tried all the sushi spots in Charlotte, but those I have tried does not even come close to Tanaka's.  My favorites are the Botz roll(spicy crab, shrimp,cukes,scallions topped with sweet chili sauce), the hibachi bowl(shrimp, chicken,steak), and the hibachi salmon....have mercy!  If you haven't tried Tanaka's, you're missing out on  one of the best Charlotte has to offer.
4	I was a bit skeptical after another review claiming the "best" sushi in Charlotte, but after stopping in, it's darn close!  The ingredients were fresh, the preparation was quick, and the presentation was top notch.  The special rolls they concoct here all sound and look amazing.  I chose the Heather roll, and it was a work of art!  Delicious, too!  I went on to try a the hibachi steak and chicken, rice and noodles as the sides.  The prices were more than reasonable for the amount of food served, and it was all very tasty.  The service was great, and the gents working were all very pleasant.With over 20 special rolls, I have a feeling I'll be getting my "You're a Regular!" check mark here PDQ!Noosh
5	Well, went there today for the first time. I now have a new favorite restaurant in Charlotte. Loved the Sushi. Loved everything.  I WILL be back.......
5	Great service and excellent sushi.  I had the spicy tuna and enjoyed it thoroughly.  I'd feel confident in referring this place to anyone.
4	We stopped in to Tanaka's once about, oh I dunno, maybe 2 years ago & we said we'd never be back since the food was no good.  Well, as fate would have it,I had stopped @ the Circle K across the street to get gas and was planning on going down Prosperity a bit to grab some quick Chinese.  But upon glancing at their sign I thought, "what the heck, I'll give them a shot," suddenly craving Japanese over Chinese.  THAT MUST HAVE BEEN GOD SPEAKING TO ME!!!FOOD:  I placed my to go order, going with the chicken/shrimp hibachi combo ($11) and chose rice and sweet carrots as my sides (choices are fried rice, sweet carrots, noodles or veggies).  My expectations were very low, and I was pretty sure I just wasted twelve bucks & change after she rang me up.  Driving home I figured I would have to find an alternative option.  I get home, love on my dogs, and begin preparing my meal (I'm picky in that I have to separate all my items; don't like things to "mingle!").  Get out a "real" fork, pour myself something to drink & begin eating.  FANTASTIC!!!  I shoveled that food in like I hadn't eaten in days.  And I wanted MORE.  Although it's important to note their food is very filling...I simply wanted more b/c it was SO tasty.  Since my early teens, Kubuto has always reigned supreme with me for Japanese.  Tanaka is a VERY VERY close second now...virtually tied w/Kabuto (and the great thing is, they're very close to our house).  As picky as I am, that's a big compliment.  Convinced my partner to try them again & now he's hooked.  We almost went bankrupt eating here so often in the following weeks!  Alas, we've finally backed off a little, but it wasn't easy.AMBIENCE:  Nowhere near as good as the food.  Nothing has changed since that visit a few years ago.  One big change they need to make is to add more seating.  Been there several times, both at lunch and dinner, and often it's a standing room only situation...just waiting for someone to leave!They do have two large flat-screens showing two different things which is nice (but often the sound is off).  As I mentioned in my ISHI review, they have a kind of "design on a dime" look, as though they had only $500-$1,000 to fully outfit the place.  I do kind of like their retro style high pub tables & swivel stools; an interesting alternative to the standard table & chairs (plus it isn't expected in a Japanese restaurant).  Overall it's fairly sparse, but not horribly so.  Just needs a little sprucing up.  See photos.SERVICE:  In general everyone is very friendly & you're greeted when you walk in the door, with a genuine "happy to see you" feel.  Only encountered one young woman that wasn't overly friendly...just sort of "there."  But that didn't ruin my experience that day (she certainly couldn't be classed as rude).  You do often have to wait a bit, but it's worth it.  They only have one large hibachi grill I believe, so they prepare meals in the order they're received, and they apologize for the wait most of the time (that's something I appreciate and expect when I've had to wait a while for something when that's not the norm). The only negative thing I have to say about Tanaka's is that their website is in DIRE need of an upgrade.  It has that look/feel of a site that was created by an employee that 'just so happens to dabble' in computers from time to time & saved them from paying a 3rd party to do the work.So give Tanaka's a try if you haven't - I think you'll be quite pleased.  It's great to have such a savory option in the Eastfield area. :)
5	Great sushi.  There are quite a few choices and the ingredients were fresh.  Plus the service is very good.
4	This was my second visit to Tanaka.  Today, the sushi was divine, esp. because it was half off (Mondays and Wednesdays).  I personally enjoyed the Botz (crab).  I especially enjoy their fried rice.  I think it is some of the best in the Charlotte area.Service was fast and friendly.  The restaurant was just beginning to become busy after we ordered.  The atmosphere was family-oriented so a good time was had by all.  Check out my photos.
5	Friendly staff and good prices. Love the sushi! Have been looking for a good place since moving from CA.
5	Great sushi in the Highland Creek area. Great prices and very good sushi & Hibachi. Love it
5	Great little gem!  Trying to branch out in my lunch options, I found myself a Tanaka Grill and Sushi.  Decided to order sushi, but their other options on the menu look promising as well.  The prices are pretty good for the flavors you get.  I ordered two rolls and got away with a $12 bill... which is not too shabby at all since the other sushi places in Charlotte will end up being double the price after 2 rolls.There wasn't much of a lunch rush so their staff seems a bit bare bones, but it works - gives a bit of a relaxed, casual experience.  Just what I need for my lunch hour to decompress a bit from the morning.  Can't wait to go back and try their bowl options since it comes with a bowl of miso soup and was delicious and filling according to my co-worker.
5	Loved it!  It's been a mile from my house for the last 3 years, and I always drove past, writing it off as one of those cheap, strip-mall hibachis that have big portions and not much else.  I was totally off base!I had the heather roll and the knock-off roll, based on photos other yelpers took.  Both were delicious, and the knock-off roll was really something special.  It was spicy, crunchy, sweet, and fresh.  My wife had hibachi chicken, which was good (and a generous portion, so I was right about one of my earlier assumptions, at least!).  We had the tempura calamari; the portion size was right for an appetizer, it came with vegetables, and the calamari wasn't cut into rings.  I thought it would be chewy, but it was perfectly tender.  The tempura batter was great.  I also thought that it would be a sit down, table service restaurant, but you order from the counter and there aren't any waiters, fyi.  There are good specials (check their website) as well.  Really pleased that I went, and will be back soon.
1	Anyone who thinks any of what Tanaka has to offer is Japanese food is sorely mistaken. This "hibachi" nonsense is a total Caucasian invention. Literally the worst food I've ever eaten, and I'm pretty sure they gave my daughter food poisoning. It's terrible...I don't know who all these people are that like it, but they've obviously never eaten REAL Japanese food, because the garbage they offer is about as tasty and authentically Japanese as McDonald's. I miss Hamikaze, Sushi Mac and Mushi in Los Angeles. I can't wait to get back to CA to get some ACTUAL Japanese food!
4	I was introduced to Tanaka's a few months ago.  The food is simply amazing.  I used to just get the take-out and go home but have made it a weekly dinner spot for me and family.  And everyone loves it.  We like to start our meal with edamame...with spring and/or egg rolls ans some SUSHI.   OK...edamame is simple...but when you have a piping hot spring roll....and that great ponzu-like dipping sauce...mmmmmm it makes you forget you order anything else!  And I had to put CAPS on the SUSHI.  I used to love a local sushi place near home...but now...I drive nearly 10 miles past it ....just to get to Tanakas.  After appetizers...out comes the gigantic hibachi bowl...loaded with the best fried rice and chicken, shrimp, steak combo.  Or....a combo plate of fried rice, chicken and veggies!!  Great great stuff.  And where do you go and get a whole bottle of shrimp sauce for the table??  Great service, great food!  "Tanaka's tanight?"  Tanaka's any night...except Sunday.  Ohhh what a shame...but the great chef's there...deserve a break too!!
5	Best sushi for the price in the area by far. The hibachi is ok but i really just go for the sushi. I eat here atleast once a week and have NEVER been upset. The owner is almost always there and he or his brother have made my sushi everytime i have been. They are always very nice to me and my wife.
3	We stopped in here last night for some sushi. We ordered the Tokyo, Red Rose and Sommer rolls. The rolls were fresh and yummy. The only thing we werent fond of was, when we arrived we went and sat at the sushi bar. We were told that we had to go back and order at the register. It would have been nice to sit and study the menu over a sip of tea, but i guess thats how they do things here. Overall it was a nice experiance and everyone was friendly.
5	Incredibly friendly staff and great service! Hidden gem in the University City area. Must try the Volcano and Colorado Rolls. Yum!
1	I expected to go to Tanaka's with my friend to have some sushi and a nice night. What I ended up with was a piece of shaved metal in my mouth, buried away in my rice. When I talked to the sushi chef about it, he offered to compensate my meal. I pressed further and asked about the cooks in the back and he simply told me they had no idea what it was. That's not good enough. On top of that, my friend who abandoned a whole meal after seeing me pull a piece of metal out of my  mouth was yelled at as he tried to leave. They should be glad I didn't confront them in front of their other customers. That's the high road, Tanaka's. Maybe you can learn something.
5	Great small sushi place.  Friendly staff.  Excellent sushi for the price.  Hibachi meals are better than most and the price is hard to beat.  Current specials include $10 for hibachi dinner and a maki roll.  I recommend it to those who look for good sushi at decent prices.Drinks are also diverse.  Good selection of saki.  If you live near Highland Creek it is a must try.
5	Great sushi and hibachi for really good prices.  Staff is helpful and friendly and have a great sense of humor.  Highly recommended,
5	Good sushi and very quick with take out orders.  Have tried Tanaka around 10 separate time over the last three months and they are very consistent with food quality and taste.
1	Not quite sure how the sushi is but the place smells funky and we are still waiting on our sushi after 20min. The two guys behind the bar preparing it is steadily chatting with the 4 females sitting in front of them. It's very frustrating when your watching them take there time while your starving.  Also not really a fan of how you have to order
5	Good sushi and very quick with take out orders.  Have tried Tanaka around 10 separate time over the last three months and they are very consistent with food quality and taste.
1	Very disappointed in this place. Got a take out order and when got it home. It was disgusting. Only got the Hibachi chicken and carrots with side of Zucchini. When ordering my husband told them zucchini only no onion. Well basically thats all it was and i am highly allergic to onions. There were maybe 5 to 6 very very small pieces of chicken that had been very overcooked. Couldn't even chew it. Needless to say i was very upset called and talked to manager his only comment. When you come back in next time i will give you some chicken. What the heck. Like that's going to happen.
2	The food tasted like it was cooked with burnt oil. The service was fair, but I would not go back to this place.
5	We are pure sushi fiends! We have this obsessive compulsion to try it whenever we find a new place. Let me tell you straight up, we have ZERO regrets about giving this place a shot. It was AWESOME!! We met my wifes Mother here for lunch and she doesn't really eat sushi, but we talked her into giving it a shot. She loved it as much as we did.  My memory isn't as strong as it should be, because I can't for the life of me recall the names of what we tried (but I will upload a pic), all I know is it was all great, fresh and tasty as you can find. We will be back next time we are over that way.
1	do not i say  again do not go here service was extremely horrid called police on me because i sent a sushi roll which wasn't actually a roll back told to  pay for whole dish cause i ate a piece and a half when waiting for cop to arrive made me sit outside didn't allow me back in wont ever go back inUpdate cop also agreed with me and told the owner to learn good customer service
4	My family loves Tanaka. I love their chicken and steak hibachi meals, my hubby swears by their sushi and my kids will eat their chicken every day if we bought it. Every once in a while we eat in, but usually we call in our order and pick it up on the way home.I like having a reasonably-priced place where we can pick up a dinner that is not fast food. Definitely worth a try!
5	I love this place!  While it may not try to be a high end sushi place ...it doesn't have to. They have great rolls, hibachi, and the staff make the time there enjoyable. I sit at the sushi bar now and the place kinda feels like my own "Cheers" at times. LolGreat staff, great food, and good times makes this little spot a treasured gem in a neighborhood void of fun places to go!
3	Food was great service was good. I ordered a seaweed salad and was a very very small portion. It's good but definitely not worth the price.
5	Found Tanakas on Yelp. Read the reviews and decided to try it. Far exceeded expectations. The sushi chef was real cool too. Definitely will go back.
5	Best Carrots in Charlotte!  LOL  but really, the food is really good, the staff is friendy, and they are pretty quick. I love the sticky rice with the Hibachi chicken, and the carrots are not your normal thin sliced carrots, they are big chunks of carrots that seem to melt in your mouth.  This is at the top of our office lunch list.  Great Job Tanaka!
1	If you love sushi DO NOT GO HERE! This was by far the worst sushi I have ever had. I just moved to the area and was looking for a good sushi place so I thought I would try tanaka's, which was a huge mistake. I ordered two rolls both $10.00 and I would rather have eaten sushi from a grocery store. I am a sushi lover and am an expert when it comes to sushi especially when it has raw fish in it. Both rolls that I ordered "said" they contained raw tuna, however, when they arrived they had barely any at all, I had to dig around the roll to even find a piece of tuna which turned out to be the size of a pea. Needless to say this place was horrible and I will definitely not be returning. Also, the service was HORRIBLE! It took so long to get 2 rolls and then once they arrived they were the worst thing I have ever eaten. I don't know how other people are giving this place any good reviews, they obviously don't know what real sushi tastes like. Once again, if your looking for good sushi stay away from tanaka's!
1	The previous owners were amazing. The new owner is rude and is not customer service oriented. We've had problems the last 3 times we've tried to eat there. A perfect example is what happened last night. My husband called to order a Tanaka Combo and wanted to sub the house salad for the squid salad. The young girl that answered the phone said the squid salad was $3 more so my husband asked could she just up-charge him the $3 and make the switch. She said no and got the owner on the phone. Trying to talk to the owner was like trying to talk to a brick wall (although the wall would have probably been smarter!). No amount of reasoning and no offers to pay more for the squid salad would "work" in the owners mind. He said he'd rather us cancel our entire order than do the sub and up-charge for us! He said he's been in business for "16 years" and basically knows more than his customers. Never, ever have we heard an owner be this disrespectful. When my husband hung up - the owner actually hit redial and called us back to continue telling us how he didn't care about our business. I hope this owner gets run out of business because he deserves it! The restaurant looks like a hole in the wall - and the sushi is mediocre at best. Never, ever will we go back!
4	I walked in, not having high hopes, considering this place looks nothing like the hibachi and sushi places I'm used to. We decided to give it a shot, because hey, it's close to home, why not? I was pleasantly surprised. While it's not the absolute best sushi I've ever had, it's still pretty good. The midori roll was very tasty. I also like that they offer kid's meals, as our 2 year old has yet to appreciate the joys of sushi. (It also cuts back on cost since our 8 year old *is* a sushi freak.) Sure, if you're going into it with the expectations of a "sushi expert" you might be disappointed. But if you approach it with an open mind, you might like it. The staff is super friendly too, so that's a plus.
1	We were not satisfied. We ordered a take out dinner- a hibachi dinner and a Red dragon roll. The chicken hibachi did not have a lot of meat, maybe like 10 little pieces, it was more like eating noodles than eating chicken and noodles as a side. The yum yum sauce was not home made and therefore tasted stale. The food was cold. The sushi roll cost $10 but we got something small and in other restaurants it would cost like $6.We were very disappointed with the food we got. We won't order anything from there again.
4	This is a great small restaurant. While it doesn't have a lot of seating that is not important to me since I always take home my food. The rolls are always fresh.  I call ahead my orders and they are pretty accurate in their wait times. On Wednesday the wait times are usually long which I assume is due to the roll special. That is the day I most often go to take advantage. I have had the chicken dinner before and it was good as well.
5	Great food. Local business. Great people. Small and hidden away, this is my go-to on the way home, or a quiet local place after golf. This the kind of sushi place you wish you had next to your house. I do. So there!Update on best roll per another user - It's going to have to be the Tanaka roll - obviously obvious. Also, the Knock Off is choice. But really, just ask the owner (he's usually the one rolling) and he'll make something special for you.
2	Best sushi in Charlotte??Not hardly!I had a mean craving for some sushi and jumped on Yelp to find a sushi restaurant close to my house. After reading the reviews I though I found a winner but the search continues.I ordered a spicy tuna roll along with a specialty roll called  the Thump roll. Both rolls were way below average and left a lot to be desired. I didn't even eat all of either roll. I've had way better sushi at several different places in and around Charlotte.Tanaka left me unsatisfied still craving good sushi and almost wanting my money back. If you're a true sushi eater you'll be extremely disappointed with Tanaka.
5	Tanaka's is one of the best sushi spots in Charlotte (and I'm somewhat of a connoisseur)! All of the rolls that I've tried have been amazing, not to mention the fantastic sushi chefs that will make any roll of your choosing modified to your unique specifications. The freshness and originality of the rolls is superbly matched by the personality and friendliness of the "sumo chefs". I used to live very close and would frequent often to take advantage of both its friendly staff & its many specials. Give this place a try, you will not be disappointed!
1	Staff was cool but not impressed with sushi, at all I mean people you must not really know what great sushi looks and taste like because this place is mediocre sushi at its best!Over priced tiny peices of sushi that did not leave me wowed like everyone else says. Staff was friendly tho, but wont go back there again really you call the cops on someone because u cant send a plate back if it was wrong thats just ridiculous. Wont be back there again.
