5	We had never had our Golden Retriever groomed before; but decided to get her a "cooling" trim in the middle of the hot summer. Shannon returned my call promptly and her enthusiasm and passion for what she does came through the phone. She offered her expertise on how Goldens should and should not be trimmed. I was convinced she knew what she was talking about. We took our 2 yr old G.R. in and they took great care of her. The outcome exceeded our expectations. I highly recommend D.D.O.
5	If you own a Golden Retriever, you quickly realize that aside from their sunny disposition, they require CONSTANT GROOMING...or your house will look like his dog bed: covered in blonde hair.  We found this place when I moved to town a few years back and they're awesome.  They're super friendly, my dog is well cared for, and he always looks his best...and smells GREAT!
5	I took my 126 lb Golden Retriever mix, Bo, for grooming and I told them Bo doesn't like to have his feet touched and he may need to be muzzled when his nails are clipped.  He doesn't bite, but turns his head and gives a low growl to let you know he doesn't like what you are doing.  When I picked Bo up, he looked absolutely beautiful and actually looked "well groomed" and smelled wonderful!   This is the best grooming Bo has ever had!  The girls didn't even have to muzzle Bo because they are so professional, excellent with dogs and you can see they REALLY love dogs and their jobs.  Shannon and her staff get 10 stars and we will definitely be back.  If you are reading the reviews to find a groomer, look no further - I promise you WILL NOT be disappointed with Dogs Day Out.  If you have to leave a message, don't worry because your call will promptly be returned.  I can't tell you how happy I am to have found Dogs Day Out!
1	I called to see if I could get my dog in for a grooming. Left a message and received a call back. The first thing they asked was, what kind of dog I have. (Aussiedoodle) After I told them what kind of dog I have they said there are no openings till after Christmas, "especially for new customers." So are there no openings? Or no openings for my Aussiedoodle? Interesting.
5	THE BEST GROOMING SHOP IN CHARLOTTE!!!!I recently moved to the area and tried other groomers.....well that didn't work out so well! I am so glad I was referred to Dogs Day Out! They are well trained groomers with tremendous talent of all breeds they groom. They are busy, but if you make your appointments in advance then you have nothing to worry about. I can't say enough about them.  I may drive a ways, but it well worth it! A GREAT Groomer is hard to find!
5	We've taken our Newfoundland, Cinderella, to other places for grooming and were simply not satisfied. One time she actually came home looking like a giant poodle. When my husband said he was taking her to Dogs Day Out, I must say I wasn't expecting much. WRONG! She came home looking great! She loves going there and gets so excited when she realizes we are just about there. Guess even dogs LOVE a day of pampering!
5	Best dog groomers in town!
5	We've been taking our dogs to Dogs Day Out for several years now.  We love them.  I always have to leave a message because they are so busy.  But, they always retiurn our calls.  We're down to one dog now and he always smells fresh and clean when we pick him up.  Of course that only lasts until he goes outside.  But, they do a great job with everything, including nail clipping, teeth and ear cleaning.
