5	Being a Florida girl and all, the thought of a surf shop in Charlotte made me smile. I used to frequent the ones at home for beach garb and shoes but really haven't had a reason to go to once since living or visiting the beach. Well, that was until this weekend where I found it 70 degrees outside with no flips to be found. I'm not one for cheap flip flops like you find at Old Navy or Target and am brand loyal to Reefs. However I had no clue where I would find Reefs here until I remembered Wallerbears on 51. I walked in and was in awe of their flip flop section. I wanted to buy them all and give them a new home in my closet! They had an amazing selection of both mens, womens and kids flips and quite a variety of Reefs and Rainbows along with other names I can't remember. I told the girl what I was looking for and she pointed me in the right direction and what do you know, they had a big selection on sale marked 30 to 50% off so yeah, that was where I was looking. Soon enough, I found not one but two pairs of Reefs and was happily on my way to check out. They have surf and skate apparel plus footwear and offer services such as waxing, maintenance and more for surf, skate and snow boards. Wallerbears reminds me of the surf shops back home in Florida....just without the beach nearby.
3	When my daughter was in middle school and her first year of high school, this was one of the shops that she and her friends liked to frequent.   Wallerbears is tucked away in the McMullen Creek Shopping Center (on Hwy 51).  They have a good selection of Rainbows & Reef flips and they also stock a pretty good selection of surfer apparel including shirts, shorts and swimsuits from Roxy, Billabong, Hurley, etc for the summer.  For the winter, they stock all sorts of ski & snowboard gear.  In addition to clothes & shoes, they also have a good selection of gear including snowboards, skateboards, surfboards, etc.
3	This place is nestled inside a quaint shopping mall.  It's not a hard location to find with a lot of available parking.  I felt that this place was a bit cramped in the store as I walked in.  They have snowboards, skateboards and surfing items.  I haven't surfed before, so I don't really go there for the surf stuff.  I usually like to go and browse the snowboarding section.  The thing that I'm not too big of a fan of is that their women's snowboard section is a bit small.  There isn't that much for me to choose from.  Their customer service, however, is pretty good!  Never once have I gone in there and not been asked to be helped.
5	Great, knowledgeable and friendly service: first the nice manboy (not sure how old he is... looked like a baby, acted like a polite adult) was awesome in making sure I was buying the best helmets for my kids.  He went in and out of their stock room several times to get it all correct.  Secondly, he asked if I needed boxes (I didn't have to arm wrestle him for them!) and he was genuinely excited when he found out I was Santa(they loaded all my Christmas loot into my sleigh that looks like a Suburban).   They also have the cutest chocolate lab that is in here on occasion.  Seriously, who does not love the beautiful face and aggressive wagging of the tail of a lab?    This place has all the snow and skateboard gear one might need.  Great priced helmets for skating and skiing, great penny board selection.  The Tom's, Ugg, Sanuk and Rainbow shoe selection is insane.  Seriously, blows Nordstrom out of the water... kids and adult sizes!  And Sanuks are hard to find... my husband loves them and so does my brother in law (who is a surgeon and on his feet all day).  They are also hip without being hipster :)  But, with skinny jeans could def fall into the hipster category!
5	Shoes (the Cool kind - the kind the Cools wear)!  Boards! Yeas! or Yest!  This is a Larger "Surf" and Board Shop and they get 5 stars from me not because of service, nor friendliness, nor that the place is cool, it is not cool in the sense of having a coolness about it, there is not much about this store that is "cool" (where is the Street Art) except for the Great shoe SELECTION!!!  All the Brands of shoes I want to make a side-by-side comparison and that is what I LOVE most about this place!!!Surf Boards, Snow Boards, Skate Boards!  What I have never seen anywhere until today - I'm going to call them "Body-Bags" Luggage for your Surf Board!  Young Staff is good in a place like this you will probably get better information!  OK where is the Street Art???  What, No Street Art?! I'm never coming back!  Just kidding!    I like this place plenty, twice as much tomorrow!
5	Wife and I purchased a funboard from Wallerbears.  Jack was very knowledgeable, informative and helpful, especially to beginner surfers like we are.  About three weeks after purchase, the funboard began cracking with very minimal and gentle use.  It appeared to be an issue with the manufacturing.  I spoke with Joe, the manager, and he was extremely accommodating and  helpful.  Joe contacted the manufacturer, and ended up replacing the board for us without any hassle at all.  I will definitely shop at Wallerbears again, and the staff made a potentially very frustrating experience a complete non-issue for us.  We are very  happy with our choice to purchase from Wallerbears.
5	These guys are great! they really take the time to show you how things work and help make good recommendations on what brands and equipment will be best for you. Joe really helped me out, thanks!
