2	Not to be a Negative Nancy, but I was not that excited about coming to this post office or any post offices for that matter. They have a security guard at this post office, because its not in the best part of the City and that in itself should tell you something. I decided to stop on by here, because it was down the street from the Building Department and I didn't want to drive across town just to go to another Post Office. The month of December is definitely NOT the time to mail out certified letters, etc. I waited in line for about 40 minutes, there were probably about 10 people ahead of me when I got there around 1120. I found out that the reason why it took so long was because there was only one person working the counter. I look back behind me and there's about another 10-15 people. When I finally got to the counter, the lady was nice hence the extra one star. I guess I should have known better then to go to the post office during this busy month, but I feel that they should have had more than one person working. Originally there were two people working, but one left to go on a lunch break. Maybe I'm just not understanding how the post office works, but I felt bad for the only person working. Oh such is life and I know I can't avoid going to the post office when needed for work or home.
5	I was wondering about this location since from the outside over the weekend, the office building looks closed. When I told David, the postal clerk assisting me, he told me I was the 100th person to say that, this week. I explained there should be a larger sign outside. (I wasn't so sure about parking, either. But when I pulled into the parking lot to the right of the building, I noticed that there was designated parking space for customers (uncovered) and employee parking (covered). When I walked into the building, I noticed a bank (amalgamated- not heard of) to the immediate right, and outside, to the left of the post office, there was a security guard (good sign?) at the lobby of the building, near the elevator. The post office is small, but everything (the boxes, supplies, and forms) is neatly organized. The begining of the line (marked by a "please wait to be called" sign) is a bit awkward, as it is wrapped around one counter (supplies). I was at this spot  for a few minutes, as there were two customers being assisted by two postal clerks. David was really nice and made conversation (you could tell he is an outgoing person). In addition to the packages I was sending, I asked for a book of stamps and he showed me all the various sheets available (who knew all the first class stamps are now "forever" stamps?). I settled on Disney/Pixar. I think, at this point, there were a few people in line now. David told me that the first six days of the month, it gets really busy here. Good to know.  I'm giving 5 stars for David's level of customer service (he was very pleasant), the ease of location/convenience (closest one to my house since the strip location closeda few months back- I really don't like going to the Olive station), the security guard in the lobby, and for saturday's pickup hours- before noon (the office is closed) for mailing posted items, located in the lobby. Also, there are two ways out of the post office, with one leading to a postal box for easy drop-off (if you want to avoid parking altogether).
2	This place is woefully understaffed since it is the only post office downtown.  It almost always has a super-long line and there are no stamp or self-postage machines to make the location run smoother.  So if you're coming here, expect to wait a long time in line.  It's actually quicker to drive up to the North Las Vegas post office on E. Lake Mead than it is to wait in the line at this location--it really is that long.Here's the thing: the customer service is actually pretty good once you get to the front of the line and the folks working the counter are pretty friendly.  So one star for customer service and one star for the horrible lines and lack of postage machines.
3	There is no self-serve kiosk at this location.  The line was only 4 people deep with one teller so it wasn't too bad.  When I got up to the counter the woman was helpful and pleasant.  I had no idea this location even existed and it's close to my home so I shall return.
1	This post office sucks. 1 person working the counter in the morning and a line out the door. When I walked up to the teller she didnt even appologize or anything about waiting so long. Ive been here once before and same thing 1 person long line take forever.
1	First off, I would like to apologize to Jeremy Stoppelman. His company makes a wonderful and useful app that I declined to use in this instance. I thought to myself 'it's a post office, how different can it be? I've been to many Vegas postal locations and this one will be just as convenient. I don't need to look it up on the Yelp app!' Oh how I was wrong. Just like all the other reviews said, this place suuuuuuuuuuuucks. No kiosk (my jam), one worker and huge lines. I waited for 20 min while only two people were helped. What did I need? A stamp. A single stamp. Do yourself a favor, skip this location at all costs and never, ever, forget to check the Yelp app. It might just save you from post office misery.
4	Location, dawg. It is all about location (and politeness).This USPS location is right next to the Life Is Beautiful festival entrance.Tourists can get dropped off within a block both to the north and to the south, as well as the west, from a plethora of routes. (Deuce would probably be your most likely choice; get off at Heart Attack, walk a block south. Do not eat at Heart Attack.) The staff here is more than enough polite when taken in direct comparison with the evil USPS employees at the James Brown (not that James Brown) facility on Sunset. Why compare the two? Well, if you have a problem with this staff or this location's queues, try that one. Pro Tip: if going there, take a firearm and at least one working bullet so that you are capable of putting yourself out of misery. You will need it.There is no self-serve kiosk at this post office. If they were to install those things everywhere, (a) people would break them because they are generally idiots; and (b) all rates would increase yet again. So, the hell with the self-serve kiosks is what I say. Self serve yourself at home -- in the privacy of your bedroom -- like everyone else who is decent and not a registered sex offender.Another tip: Pitney Bowes, or just utilise the USPS.com label purchasing feature. One gigantic negative this PO has is that it does not maintain its doors open at night, so one has to drop mail off in the mail boxes outside. - E
