4	Took our Audi there this past week due to a transmission issue. We had already taken it to the Audi Dealership where we were given an estimate of $16,000.for a new transmission because, they said, "a new transmission is the only work we can garantee". Looking for a "second opinion", we took it to Franks European where they did a thorough diagnostic and found that we did not need a new transmission! They fixed the actual problem for a 3rd of the dealerships estimate. They were accommodating, professional, thorough and very kind. They will have our business from now on!
5	As good as it greats for sure. Amazing customer service and knowledge of foreign cars. Prior to going to Franks, I took my car to money hungry-horrible customer service-Audi in Henderson. Needless to say they gave me the run around and an estimate that would make your head spin. Took it to franks, it was done super fast, and they covered all the issues Audi was suppose to for a fraction of the price. If my car ever breaks down in the desert again, I know where to go. Thanks frank and Adam.
5	This is actually my first review on Yelp...but felt compelled to share how great I think this shop is!  I can't imagine a repair shop with a more professional staff than these guys.  So incredibly friendly.  They blow away the dealership, let alone any other independent repair facility (for Range Rovers at least) in price and service.  But not only this, their waiting room is very clean and comfortable.  There's a TV, along with coffee and bottled water.  And what's even more amazing is their prices.  You'd think with the way their waiting area looks and how large and clean the service area is, they'd be expensive.  But they're not.  One service they quoted me on was HALF the price of Kensington Motors (an independent Range Rover shop...who you should avoid at all costs if you have a Range Rover or Mini.  I may go review them next).  You won't go wrong bringing your car to these guys!
1	Here I sit on Thanksgiving, stranded from my family, waiting for a tow truck as i made the mistake of trusting Frank's European Service for a simple oil change and every bit of oil has drained out of my engine and it is now fried, my beautiful 70k Porsche because being a longtime Henderson resident i did not want to drive across town for a simple oil change so i trusted incompetent Frank....when called after this 100 dollar oil change, i would not bite on their $1900 upgrade as money is their number one  concern..,.this is not the same Frank as on Industrial, this is an older, greeder Frank because i would not pay their outrageous upgrade they sabotaged my lovely Porsche out of spite... called them and of course they are closed for a four day holiday and i will ride in the front of the tow truck, wait months for my car to recover from a Frank oil change and be in years of litigation for something that Jiffy Lube would have done a better job....BEWARE FRANK'S IS FACTORY TRAINED IN THE ART OF GREED AND VENGEANCE.
