4	My boyfriend took me here after I told him about reading the creative loafing article. The decor is simple, loved the blown up black and white photos on the walls! We ordered a Caesar salad (loved it), he got the porkchop which was a huge portion serves with spinach. I got the lemon grilled chicken served with spinach and butternut squash. The squash was amazing!  Almost tasted like sweet potatoes.  The only thing I found annoying was trying to eat the chicken off the bone, and cutting around the fat/bones. We got the cheesecake for dessert and it was also awesome. I will definitely be coming back to try something else. For a salad, two entrees, and one alcoholic drink (the dessert wasn't charged because of my birthday )  it wasn't bad for $58.
4	I went to 15 North for a Tweetup, so I didn't have a full meal, just appetizers.  I must say, though, those appetizers were pretty tasty!  I will definitely go back for dinner.  The mini meatballs were excellent - and I'm an Italian from the Little Italy section of Wilmington, Delaware!  They make them just like we do - mixing beef, pork, veal and fennel seeds to make delectable little treats.  The prosciutto-wrapped asparagus drizzled with balsamic glaze were also very tasty!  The atmosphere was very cool as well - chic, but not uncomfortably so.
3	i can only write a short review bc i went there on a monday night and had a salad BUT it was a wonderful salad, the roadsie, beets, walnuts...it was good.  my friend got a burger and it looked awesome, he said it was awesome.  they offered to cook it however he liked bc they grind theyre own meat.  i tried a few fries they were crispy and delicious.  my only complaint was they extremely high prices for wine by the glass and lack of selection thereof.  we eneded up getting a bottle and then a glass.  i got a bottle of wine, a glass of wine and a salad and my tab with tip was $85...seems a bit steep to me.  i'll go back but watch to see if they come out with some specials before i do.  i felt a little ripped off
2	While I am extremely excited to see another restaurant open up in MOFO. I have to admit that this place did not live up to any expectations. I typically try and wait a month or two to try new restaurants to allow them to work out their kinks, have the critics come through, and then really polish everything up. I decided to try this place out for an early Saturday dinner. The decor really blew me away, especially given what this place was before. I will also echo other reviews that the open kitchen, while cool, was terribly planned. We started with the chicken liver mousse. I will say it was bland and the presentation definitely missed the mark. It was plated very sloppily, and the ingredients were just mediocre. The Lobster roll got the roll correct but the lobster was way too salty and tasted like it had been cooked a few days ago. We then got the steak and eggs, which we had to send back (first time I have ever done that) because the whites were completely unset. Overall the concept was very confusing. The decor and staff gave the impression of very high end cuisine, but the food felt more like a bad version of Fran's or Dish, low key comfort food. I will say that if the food was executed properly it may have changed my mind. There are better places on Montford, especially for the cost of 15 North.
2	Overpriced for the quality of food we had.....Chicken was bland along with everything else we had. I don't think we would give this place another chance.
2	I was excited to try this place but a few things about the restaurant of why I will not go back. 1) After reading the mouth watering description complete with white truffle oil and the server's recommendation I ordered the pot roast, expecting an elegant and delicious version of a dish that I'm very familiar with. The presentation was spectacular as it comes in a bowl with a cover to keep warm as it's brought out to the table. However that meat itself was crunchy and dry, not a description that you want with pot roast. It was covered in a soup like gravy that did have good flavor but not enough to overcome the dry piece of $17 pot roast I just paid for. 2) Two other guests at my table had the salmon, and as i did not try this personally all I can say is that they said it was bland and very fishy. 3) Another guest had a Caesar salad and couldn't eat it. She said it tasted like oil was drizzled on lettuce in order to keep the cheese to stick. All-in-all the food was poor to mediocre and maybe it was an off day but a Thursday is a pretty big dinning nite out for a lot of people so I hope they were not using up food as they tried to prepare for the weekend. 4) The parking situation is a joke. They have a huge lot, probably one of the biggest on Montford but offer complimentary valet in the parking lot where you could easily fit most patrons cars however most people didn't want to tip a guy who had to walk 10 feet to get their car. Out of principle I parked on the street and saved myself $5. 5) Good things about the restaurant...everyone was very friendly, good service (however nothing was done when I told the server my dish was not good and dry but I was hungry so ate the majority of it), the atmosphere was very nice and this would be a place that I would want to frequent if the food was good.
3	Made it over here for dinner this past weekend and actually got in without a reservation on a Saturday night with only a 15-17 minute wait, which was not bad and gave us a good chance to check out the bar.  Nice beer selection, though they were out of a couple things- not good for a busy weekend.I like the space- 2 dining rooms, the larger in the back, the bar in the front.  Large B&W photos of Charlotte on the walls.  Decor is neutral and modern without being overly loud.Despite the mixed review preceding mine, I was quite impressed with the quality.  Appetizer of Hummus and pimento cheese was delicious, though we had to ask for extra pita.   Both spreads were very creamy and tasted nice- that's saying something for a guy who usually rejects pimento cheese outright.My dinner party shared a couple salads- a Caesar with real anchovy on top- nice and creamy, but pretty standard.  The better choice was the Roadside salad- mixed greens with red and golden beet slices and goat cheese.  Such a cool mix of flavors, I could've made dinner on a couple of these.  Probably seasonal, but it was a highlight for me.For dinner we had the Steak medallions with eggs. Who'd have thought Hollandaise sauce of steak medallions with eggs "cooked in a basket" could be so yummy?  Also had the special "chicken pot pie" with some of the richest sauce ever- it was sherry-based and very filling.  Just a few bites were enough there.We also had a couple sides, fries in white truffle oil- crispy, but the truffle taste was lost on me, couldn't find it and this was a definite let down.  Mac and cheese was good, though- homemade with real cheeses and a nice crusty top.Dessert menu was brief, to say the least- shared a pecan pie that was nothing spectacular.  This portion of the meal underwhelmed- both in selection (maybe 3 options???) and execution.  Overall I found service to be responsive and conscientious- they made sure to stop by when meal took a little longer due to a large rush of tickets.  The place was pretty busy all night, so I think word has caught on that MOFO has another young hit on their hands.Foodie friends, this place is worth a checkout.  Disregard the roadside grill name, 15 North is looking to cater to a higher level of culinary expertise.  For the most part, I think they've got it.  Just count of doing dessert elsewhere!
3	We decided to give this place a try after attending an event at the new Mint Museum - it was a cold and wet evening and all of us wanted comfort food and thought this might fit the bill. Montford Drive has become quite the restaurant row - between 15 North, Andrew Blair and Good Food on Montford, there are a lot of good choices. We had high expectations for this place due to the pedigree (the owner runs a similar place in Charleston). The atmosphere is dark and comfortable - big, active bar scene on one side and a low key dining area on the other. We immediately were seated and our waiter took our drink orders (big props for having Conundrum on the wine list). Our friends that were with us recommended the pimento cheese spread - I have to admit I was dubious because most places have really average pimento (nothing like the good homemade stuff). This spread was rock-star!! Creamy with a rich cheddar taste - it was perfect with the warm pita bread. Moving on to our meals, I had the monster pork chop with brandy glaze (I'd heard good things). My wife ordered the salmon and our friends had the meat loaf and the eggplant Parmesan. My pork chop was well prepared, pink and juicy and the accompanying sauce was a great accompaniment. Ditto for the salmon (cooked just right, which many restaurants can't seem to do). While I didn't try the meat loaf it got the thumbs up. Our only "problem child" was the eggplant parm: not enough sauce and frankly flavorless. Service was solid, not great not bad - server refilled glasses and was reasonably attentive. Overall this is a good place. However, I don't find the menu that creative. Other places in Charlotte offer similar things with either a twist (i.e. The Liberty) or cheaper (i.e. Harpers). The concept of having customers "vote" for menu changes is interesting, but in the case of 15 North I think it has caused the chef to not take enough risks. I look forward to seeing this place evolve and take some chances.
5	Great food and atmosphere. We sat at the bar with Sherri and had a great time. She had a great personality. Food was great! The wine list is one of the better ones I've seen in Charlotte and Sherri was very helpful in ordering our Champagne :) You must try this place!!
3	Overpriced for what you get. Decent food, but  I would much rather drop the $$ at Good Food on Montford than 15 North. Positive: The chef came out and talked to many of the tables. That was a nice, personal touch. Too bad I won't be back to chat again. OH--and they don't have draught beer!!
4	We stopped in for appetizers and drinks and were impressed with the friendly and attentive staff. The appetizers were tasty and drinks were good... I had a frou-frou martini and my boyfriend was pleased with the beer selection.  The bar area was nice and comfy, not at all stuffy.  Will definitely be going back to check out dinner!
5	Fabulous evening with fabulous food and wine, will be back!
5	Had dinner here tonight. It was so damn good! I got the hanger steak and a glass of Zin. The beef was cooked perfectly, and the potatoes and green beans complemented the protein beautifully. Our server (I think I remember him from Las Ramblas (RIP)) was great. Helpful but not gooey. My husband ordered the mushroom risotto. I took a bite of it, and I was transported by the heady flavors of fungi and butter! So good!  The atmosphere was chill and comfortable. Everyone was very friendly and gracious. The parking convenient. Overall, very happy. Will return and recommend!
1	The first two experiences were bad (one time they charged the other tables' drink on our table and 2nd time food was undercooked/raw and there were no apologies).  Sent an email to the manager and said hope this place makes it, but we've had problems now twice....went back a 3rd time with a party of 6 at manager insistence he would make thins rights.  The "manager" is the chef.  Although, he was not in the kitchen cooking all night.  Service was awful.  Forgot to take 1/2 the tables order.  Huh?  Who does that.  Then, asked for bread 3 times, finally got it after speaking with manager.  Ordered drinks took 15 minutes to get them.  Wine sat in wine holder for 10 minutes until we asked waitress to please open the wine (we would have had we had the opener).  Salad never came...waitress just "forgot."  Fries were soggy and sent back.  Food was awful.  Waitress suggested the chicken duo as the "best" on the menu and it was lackluster.  Shrimps and grits was not good.  Risotto was dismal.  Food the first two times was good with awful service.  3rd time service was awful and food for less than average.  If this is how you take care of people giving you a 3rd try ...then, imagine how bad it would be if you were just coming in with then not trying to impress you.May I suggest getting a real manager and putting your chef in the kitchen...where he belongs.  Assuming, he's capable of actually being a chef.  And, please chef do not ever admit you are going to Ru San's after work for sushi.  That tells me you haven't got a clue about good food.
4	I really enjoyed their mac & cheese at the Brewer's Ball to benefit the Cystic Fibrosis Foundation last night. It was the best dish of the night for me! I passed on their other offerings though since I don't eat pork and am not a fan of deviled eggs or pickles. However, they definitely get bonus points in my book for supporting such a good cause!
4	Was in town for work and a friend took me here after I said "want something Charlotte-y..." Let's call this urban southern chic...- Great atmosphere conducive to groups, one-on-one, etc- Great service - knowledgeable about the menu- YUMMY menu that will leave you unable to choose.....not a lot for the person looking for "light fare"- I got the boneless fried chicken.  My expectations were high.  It's well done, but too greasy and not enough flavor..... (however, got the mac-n-cheese and pommes frites on the side, and both were divine)- Decent beer list - but all bottled - and it seems it changes a lot- Some interesting cocktails....including a well-done version of the Dark and Stormy. - Great prices for what you get. Glad we came here and I'd def come back.
4	THIS PLACE ROCKS! We are "foodies" and can be critical of places for a myriad of reasons. We've eaten at all the places on Montford, and this is among the best (along with Good Food on Montford). We go there early, and had the Fried Green Tomatoes app, complete with that famous Southern Piemento cheese accompaniment. The GT's were fried perfectly, and served HOT. My wife had the Fried Chicken and it was served HOT and CRISPY. It was YUMMY! Other posters have said that their chicken was cold and/or dry. Not this one! I had the Austrian Veal Schnitzel with a fried egg (makes everything better) and a Citrus Beure Blanc. VERY yummy.Now, SOME people (unknowns) have said that the food portions here are "small," almost "tapas" style. LET ME TELL YOU THAT THIS IS NOT TRUE! THE PORTIONS ARE VERY GENEROUS! I'm a big man and can eat a LOT, and I walked out of here STUFFED! I don't know, maybe GODZILLA dined here and he was expecting to eat Tokyo or something! They also have a small but well selected wine list and we had an Oregon Pinot Noir that was a good match with our food. Oh, and because I believe the "not enough food" crap, I ordered a side of Truffle Parmesan Fries. REAL potatoes, crispy and more yummy-ness!Desert was the only thing that was OK. The flourless chocolate cake was more like a soufflet, with fresh berries. Tasty, but not the type of "flourless" cake I'm used to, which is dense and creamy. But it was good nonetheless.Overall, a GREAT meal. Whitney, our server, was young but a very excellent waitress. Will definitely come back!
4	This place is great! I had a coupon from Half Off Depot and decided to try this place out after reading positive reviews. I was not disappointed. I had the salmon and my fiance had the boneless fried chicken. Both were yummy and came in generous portions. I would definitely go back and recommend this place to friends.
2	Bad customer service is a sure fire way to kill the mood. I've said it before, customer service is a 100% controllable factor and unfortunately for 15 North, they failed me in that area. My husband and I arrived a little after 9:30pm. Their door said they close at 10pm. However, if the servers are going to be rushed, then they should close 30 minutes earlier. I asked for specials for the evening and whoever sat us wasn't sure and said she would get back with me. I never saw her again. The most uncomfortable part of our dining experience was the service we received from our server; she was not friendly. If she checked on us it was in passing and when I was trying to find her to get my bill, it looked like she got on her cell phone and walked the other way. Once she gave us the bill, she said thanks, but in the middle of the thanks she was walking away and all we saw was the back of her head. Quite shocked especially because it was not even busy.The part that was enjoyable was the food. In addition, the person who brought the food to our table (not our server) was nice. The decor was good.I can overlook a lot of things, but when I go out to a restaurant for a relaxing evening, getting poor service is the worst. I think it didn't help that their uniforms are a black top and jeans...there was one point when I wasn't sure if I asked someone for help if I would be asking a server or another patron. For the price per entree, you should be guaranteed to receive a great experience.
3	15 North is located at the top of Montford with a bunch of other tasty options that always seem to take priority, but my boyfriend and I decided to check it out last Friday.  We called for reservations, and they were able to "fit us in" (after trying a few different options) at 7:45; when we got there, the restaurant was half empty, and it stayed that way for our entire meal.  The menu has variety, although nearly half the items incorporate pork in some way, shape or form - great if you like bacon and such, but not so good if you don't dine on the swine.  My boyfriend ordered the boneless fried chicken (substituting a side of mac & cheese for the standard collard greens), and I got the mussels appetizer and side of mushroom bread pudding (a "savory" bread pudding, as the waitress described it).  After waiting for a while (longer than I'd like to when the restaurant isn't hopping) for our food, it finally arrived.  During the ordering process, our waitress was helpful but rarely around after that, which made it difficult to track someone down when we had problems with our food.  My bread pudding was cold in the middle (cold mushrooms - not my most favorite), so I sent it back and waited about 15 minutes for them to bring me a new one.  Almost as if the cook wanted to play a joke, this bread pudding was scorching hot and burned black on the top.  My boyfriend's first two chicken fingers (chicken fingers, not fried chicken as he'd expected to get) were great, but the one after that was rather mushy; however, his mashed potatoes were the perfect consistency and flavor, and the mac & cheese came pipping hot in a cast iron skillet with melty goodness.  I'd give 15 North another shot, but I'd mix it up and order something different this time.  I believe it's got great potential, but they just haven't figured out how to put the pieces together yet.
4	The food was as memorable as the service, all FAB.  Am I this happy because the food was so amazing, or was the service that good?  As with most things in life...I suspect it's the combo effect.  The scallops, fried green tomatoes and collards were all outstanding.  I can't rave enough about the service...truly entertaining,  a foodies delight...cin-cin!
2	So when a friend suggested this place, I thought, "Cool.  Another restaurant to try. Glad Charlotte has stepped it up for the foodies."  Except...they didn't. The service (by Nathan) was great and attentive, but the food was forgettable at best, and embarrassing at worst.  We ordered a salad with chicken which was good, and the she-crab soup, which was actually very nice, but everything else needed serious improvement.   Among the five of us, four of us had to add a significant amount of salt and pepper to our food.  The fish was overcooked, the risotto under-seasoned and looked as though it was being "vomited" out of the squash "bowl" in which it was served.  As for the shrimp and grits, the grits were sticky and bland, and the sausage was flavorless, gritty, and drowning in an oily gravy.  For a price tag of 20 bucks, there should have been more than five shrimp included. The only save of the evening was the ass-kicking piano player, who worked through a repertoire of big band classics, pop tunes, and a Super Mario Brothers medley that was spot on.Bottom line?  Go for the drinks and the music, but skip the food!
