4	This bookstore may not be one of your locally owned businesses, but it's still a great place to find all your favorite reads. It's located in SouthPark Mall, but you can enter from outside the mall, so you don't have to enter the hustle & bustle of the mall to get here.This is a very large bookstore, 2 stories, along with a cafe type area. It's also very nice & neat, so you won't be shuffling through books strewn about like some other chain bookstores. And being so large, they have pretty much any book you could thing of. If you're an avid reader, you could probably spend hour upon hour here checking out shelf after shelf of books.With many bookstores, it's not just the selection that brings people in, but also the atmosphere. You don't have to worry about loud distractions here, & with plenty of plush seating throughout, you can sit down & read a few pages. This is a large bookstore, but gives off a small town vibe, & with their abundant selection, you don't have to worry about them not having what you're looking for.
4	Being it mid-November, the store was very schmultzy and decked out for Christmas like the rest of the mall. This store seemed to have a really large selection of books and was pretty fancy, a requirement for SouthPark establishments. Within a couple minutes of browsing a section of sports-related books, an employee enthusiastically asked us if we needed help with anything. Sometimes that's all it takes to leave a store with a positive impression.
4	When I heard a few years ago that they were opening a bookstore at SouthPark Mall, I thought, "Yea!  They're in need of one."  When I heard it was Joseph-Beth Booksellers, I said, "Who?"  Turns out, Joseph-Beth has that little bookstore feel, but can compete with the Big Guys (i.e., Barnes & Noble and Borders) with regard to size, pricing, and even bargain books.  Also, their kids' area seems bigger than B&N or Borders and is fun to stroll through, even as an adult.  Joseph-Beth was a great addition to SouthPark and even better for them that the Big Guys aren't attached to the mall to compete with them.  I tried their cafe once and felt a little awkward.  We wanted some coffee and a little snacky snack.  What was awkward was that it wasn't counter service, so we had to sit at a table and order our carb snack.  Then, of course, there's the tipping.  For muffins.  Awkward.
4	Yippee - an independent book store that only has 2 (maybe 3?) stores - and two of those locations are Cleveland and Charlotte (my original hometown and my new hometown)!Other reviewers have already mentioned the two-story store, wide selection, etc.I also like the cafe - Bronte, is its name.  Menu is varied and includes breakfast served until 11 am.  Salads, sandwiches and full meals (pot roast, chicken pot pie) all on the menu.  Soup and quiche specials daily.  AND WINE!  A bookstore where you can pick up a new good book, sit at the bar or at a table, peruse your book and sip a nice red wine - that's my kind of bookstore.Only problem with today's visit was our lunch server - he was curt, didn't volunteer any of the specials, and was absent every time we looked for him (beverage refills, dessert order, requesting the bill).
4	Really like this place.  Great selection, on par with B&N or Borders.  Nice 'local' feel with a snazzy, upscale feel.  You can also find all sorts of nifty gift items & cards here as well; things that aren't as easy to find in other parts of the city (ie University).  Until they opened in Clt I'd never heard of them, but that kinda adds to their appeal - it isn't a place that you'll find a few miles away or just by traveling to another city.  They do have a website you can order from, but you can not check local inventory like you can on the other stores websites.  That's a little annoying to me, but you can always call the store (always best to have the ISBN# when you call).  Have yet to eat @ the restaurant, but it looks groovy.  My favorite things about JB are their bargain book tables and their travel section (can often find travel books here that you can't at the other guys!).
5	In a world where very few independent bookstores are still in business, much less in large shopping malls, it's a delight to see Joseph-Beth Booksellers at SouthPark mall.  It compares favorably to the nearby Borders and Barnes & Noble stores, with just as much selection and comparable prices, but the service is noticeably better and it's conveniently located at the mall so that you can round out your shopping trip without moving the car.Recently, I needed an extra copy of a book I'm giving as a gift this Christmas, and not only did my bookseller find the book for me, he even wrapped it in a box I supplied so it would match the books I bought from another store.  That's service!
3	A large mall bookstore with a meeting room upstairs used for meetups and book signings. They have a nice little cafe located inside with good salads, wine and coffee.Books are a little more than you would pay on amazon, but the atmosphere is nice and the staff is helpful.  A good place to spend some down time.
