1	HORRIBLE COMPANY!! I wouldn't refer my worst enemy to these guys. If you have restoration, repair, item packing needs then look elsewhere!! You will not get an honest, fair job out of them. The owner is as condescending at they get.
5	Everyone at Resolution Fire & Flood delivered exceptional customer service along with high quality work.  It is obvious the corporate culture is one of high standards of work, integrity, and outstanding interpersonal skills for dealing with their customers.  Throughout the construction process, they made us feel like their most important customer.  They are responsive, and communicate clearly and regularly about the status of the work.  They were respectful of our space as we lived in the house during this extensive remodel.  Originally the insurance company contracted with RF&F to remediate a mold problem.  We were so impressed with the people and the work they did that we contracted with them to do an extensive remodel.  We couldn't have been happier with the outcome or the process.  The project manager has an eagle eye for detail, and made sure that everything was taken care of beautifully.  When there were problems, and there will always be problems on a project this big, he resolved them quickly and completely.  He is an accomplished problem solver.  He communicated with us every step of the way.  We always knew what to expect.  He chooses the subcontractors carefully and only uses the best.  It was obvious that the employees enjoy their work and want to please their customers.  We highly recommend Resolution Fire & Flood.  Working with them was enjoyable, and the results are fantastic.  We're enjoying our newly remodeled home thanks to RF&F.
5	Resolution Fire & Flood, LLC is a team full of caring experts who do exceptional work with a quick turnaround time and are very cost effective! Our entire lower level flooded and they were to the rescue. We were in the process of selling our home to make matters worse, with closing a week away! They provided a very reasonable quote and were worth every penny. They had the home completely finished in two days to include: carpet, painting, drywall, cabinetry repair and new baseboards. The home shined and looked even better than it did before the flood. As they provided us with the utmost customer care, we highly recommend Resolution Fire & Flood, LLC to all! Thanks again to the wonderful RF&F Team!
5	These guys are the 'special forces' of flood extraction.  We had 2 inches of water in our home and the owner (Chris) literally came running to our rescue and immediately began removing the water.  They saved our BRAND NEW wool carpeting.... and everything on it which was amazing.  They came back several times to check the humidity levels to be sure that the job was 100% complete before leaving us.  We appreciated how thorough they were.Chris and his crew were experienced professionals.... and above all really nice guys.  My husband and I trusted them completely.
5	I used this company when my upstairs bathroom flooded. My house was a mess!!!  I called the emergency line at 1am and they had someone out at my house within a couple of hours.  They were professional, timely and extremely helpful.  Thank you RF&F for saving my sanity and my house!
