4	Despite a little listeria scare (what cheese shop isn't full of bacteria?) this fromagerie keeps me coming back.  The folks behind the counter know what constitutes a great cheese plate. We choose 4 cheeses for a party for 60 people and they were all gone at the end of the night.  The front stocks all the crackers, crisps, olives, nuts, and condiments you need to fully enjoy your cheese selection.  Well-stocked fridge with a variety of beer (check out the Unibroue selection).
5	Stopped here on my way home from a trip  Montreal and was beyond impressed. This is a MUST stop while in Montreal!Went here to pick up some real cheese (ie Unpasteurized) as well as some of the more interesting varieties that are not typically available in the US.So I went in a little bit concerned that my crappy french skills were going to be an issue in getting exactly what I wanted, but boy was I wrong. A guy approached me and asked me if I needed in French first, but he very quickly switched to English. I think at first he was like oh crap some stupid American is in my store. Then I started explaining what I wanted and he became beyond friendly.He escorted me around the entire store (cheese and beer sections) explaining every last little thing. He gave me all kinds of amazing recommendations. I'm almost ready to move to Montreal just so I can go to this place on a regular basis. That is how good it is! The funniest part was how he kept saying remember when you get to the border to say you have nothing to declare and if they stop you make sure you don't mention anything about how the cheese is unpasteurized or I would get busted. He then said and if you get busted forget where you bought the cheese. It was classic.The beer selection was also great as it had a lot of Quebecois microbrews that are either impossible or very hard to get in the US. I bought a bunch of Dieu Du Ciel which I had never been able to find anywhere and then strangely saw it at Julios liquors like 2 weeks after I got back. The selection was seemingly every brew they make which was awesome as they are pretty out there when it comes to beer.
5	While this shop is overall a must-visit gourmand's paradise--a little taste of Europe in North America, particularly for us Americans from just south of the border--I am writing this review primarily to direct beer lovers to the one place they should visit for a sampling of Quebecois brews in Montreal. Definitive selection of Canadian, mostly local, beers, and most of them are not available (from what I've seen, which is a lot) in the US. Stock up. Most of the products are quite affordable, as the giant bottle craze seems not to have swept French Canada yet. Montreal is a beer drinking town, so most bars have great selections on tap, I should add. I had no idea the Quebecois were producing *this* much craft beer, though!Warning for Americans, you are only technically allowed to import 1L of alcohol into the US (per person). Not sure if beer is an exception, and though the border guards are unlikely to search your car, you may not want to risk it and drink most of your beer in your hotel room, as I did.
5	CHEESE LOVER IN PARADISE. I went on Monday morning, so maybe that was just a good day to buy old cheese, but they had a special of 3 for $14, and you can mix-and-match, and then I found wrapped blocks of their local cheeses, which were in the $40-60/100g range, which were included in the deal. Anyway, I made out like a bandit: I got 5 cheeses (2 packages had 2 cheeses) for $14! if I were in NYC, I would have paid at least $50. They have everything! This shop was better than Philadelphia's Reading Terminal Market and better than Eataly or Chelsea Market in NYC, with a diversity of cheese and GOOD PRICES. I wish I could go to Montreal every weekend just for this cheese shop.
5	I visit Fromagerie Atwater at least once to twice a month and it's a great experience every time; the staff is extremely helpful, always kind and smiling, and the cheese... oh, the cheese! It's simply delicious. Besides cheese, they also carry some meat and vegan/vegetarian products. Tip: try one of their goat cheese - to this day all the ones I've tried were marvellous!
5	VIBE Stinky. In a good way. I ATEWe had a goat cheddar but I asked for a Canadian version of Chateau de Bourgnane (triple cream cheese) and got the quebecois Laliberte. These guys know what they're talking about. I'm eating the whole thing as we speak! OBLIGATORY CATCHY REMARK If you are in the area, this is the place to get cheese.
5	It's a perfect little cheese shop. Stinky, with helpful cheesemongers! Great if you know your cheese, or you're just trying to deviate a little from your regulars. We had a delicious cheese on a plate at b&b and they sent us to Hamel, but we found Atwater first. The one we were looking for was the 14 Arpents and it's an excellently pungent cheese, smooth and creamy. There was also a small room full of microbrews that will just blow a visitor's mind. So many beers I'm never going to see again! Also, they were tasting out some olive oils, which is just so smart. I dunno how people buy olive oil without tasting it. They're soooo different.Great place to get your Quebec cheese before to leave! Just be sure not to eat it all first like we did. Be sure to stop by the bakery and grab some fresh bread before you head out!
4	Location: At the bottom of Atwater. You can access it easily as the shop is facing Atwater so you don't have to go into the main market to curb your cheese fix.Service: Good - I had two different people help me with my selections, one of whom insisted I tasted the cheese I already knew I was buying :) The staff is very knowledgeable and take the time to explain the differences between whatever cheeses you're thinking of buying. They also happily make suggestions based on your preferences. Selection: If you're a cheese lover, you will be in fromage heaven - they have a HUGE selection of every possible cheese you can think of. Hard cheese, soft cheese, semi-hard, semi-soft, goat cheese, cheddar etc. - from a variety of regions. I think you can probably find what you're looking for right here. Price: To be honest, I hardly ever go to proper cheese shops to buy cheese, so I don't really know what a 'good' price would be. I bought a Gruyere and a goat cheese for $30. I think this is decent given the size and quality of both my cheeses. The goat cheese was already packaged and $13. The Gruyere was cut for me, so cost will depend on how big or small you want your piece. Verdict: This place is a definite hit for me!
5	Amazing cheese selection! The staff is very knowledgable.  I was feeling very overwhelmed but the person who helped me at the counter was great. He gave me samples and made suggestions on what I should buy.  I highly recommend!
5	I love this store. They sell more than just cheese, but its the cheese that you come here for. Oh and the fresh meats downstairs. They carry a large variety of cheeses and often times have a sale 3 for $14 which is always the best way to sample cheeses that you may have never tried before, or just to buy your favorite cheese. There were some samples of cheese and olive oil.  I also found a date chutney that I have been looking for for a long time and it has the flavor that I am looking for! Woot!
5	On ne parle pas assez d'eux, et c'est dommage. Choix impressionnant de fromage, excellent service, un must
5	My go to cheesemonger. My go to Quebec beer store.My go to stop for organic milk.Impeccable service, knowledgeable staff, great variety. La vie est belle au Fromagerie Atwater.
5	This is the temple of cheeses in Montreal and a must when visiting Marche Atwater..........Filled with every possible combination of European and local cheeses including the outlawed whole milk verities, seasonal specialties, pickles,pates,craft beers and cured meats.Service is exceptional and novice friendly with professionals more than willing to recommend combinations for your table.PS: Remember those outlawed cheeses? Well they are not opposed to sealing a wedge without a label for travel......Just saying.
