5	Their pizza and wings not to mention the pitchers of beer with ice cold frosty mugs are oooooo so good. First off the pizza is definatley a mom n pop pizza. I am not a fan of pizza hut, dominoes, little cesars, papa johns or any of the others. This pizza is very VERY good and the crust is wonderful. The wings are the best, Hot are to hot for my liking and yes I eat tapatio and serano chilis. But the hot is pretty hot. If you are going to eat 5-8 wings the hot is good but we usually order 50 and that is just to much so we go with the medium. They have a wonderful flavor to them. I have recommended this place to all of my family and friends and even strangers!!! There prices are good. I believe the combos are something like this one large one topping and 25 wings about $25 and then you can do two pizzas and upto 50 wings in a combo for about 40$$  :) Happy eating
5	the pizza is amazing. i love the crust and their wings are great too!!!
1	We ordered hot wings and when we got them we could smell how hot they were and smell all the tapatio that were in them so we just tasted a little bit of the sauce and it was waaaaay too hot so we asked the RUDE lady at the counter if we could switch it for something not so spicy and she told us thats what you ordered so thats too bad theres nothing I can do for you! It was a dozen of wings like seriously you cant switch out 1 dozen wings that was way to hot to even eat! So she literally gave us a bowl n a cup for water and said here rinse them off and dont make a mess! I honestly never had worse customer service in my life. Then they had us waiting for 20 minutes for our order of zucchini. She could of handled it in a professional manner but instead she acted like a child and got an attitude about the whole situation. I will NEVER go there again HORRIBLE SERVICE!
2	I was super excited to try this place out after reading the reviews here on Yelp but I was less than thrilled about both their pizza and wings. The pizza tasted as if it had come from my freezer. It had very little sauce and very little cheese. Completely flavorless in my opinion. The crust was plain and there was a lot of it. I tried both the medium and hot wings and was as equally displeased with both. The hot weren't hot at all and tasted too much of Tabasco sauce. The medium were, in my opinion, mild but had a slightly better taste than the hot ones. The only thing that was a plus for the wings was the fact that they were a good size and were indeed meaty. I won't be ordering pizza from here again. I've had much better elsewhere.
5	Best wings I've ever had
4	The cashier was very friendly. The wings are awesome, they're not the small wimpy ones, these wings are big and have a lot of meat on them. They're not stingy with their wing sauce, or ranch. Having a paper towels on every table is very convenient. Place is a little too small, so it gets crowded easily.
4	Great place  super friendly . Place Is Clean   Food Is Out Fast And Hot  Customer service A+
5	I give them a 5 because the food is delicious! !! You gave to try their wings so good. I have to say it was a really long  wait time on a  sunday football day  tho
5	There pizza & wings are AMAZE!! I looooove eating here for lunch it's takes a bit for the pizza to cook but over all it's great!
5	Ahhhh!!! I freaking love grandpas!!!!!  Lol the pizza is so good here. You order food, I always get the large pepperoni pizza and 25 wings (medium) comes out to like $33 bucks I think with a drink. You sit down, the wings are hot so be careful. You get the ranch because it's freaking amazing there. Then you get the pizza, a good amount of cheese, marinara sauce, and pepperoni. But what gets my attention is the crust/Dough they make. And they have cheap beer on my days off! It's my favorite pizza/wings/beer combo ever.
