3	Grand Cru is a 'style' bar on Hanover St in the city centre which also serves food.The bar is quite classy and modern, there are cosy booths along one wall if you're looking for some comfort and privacy. Unfortunately given its proximity to George St, in the evenings Grand Cru does tend to attract a rather raucous crowd of yahs (although I think a lot of these people are wannabes and not the real thing). It is quite a nice place to pop into for a coffee or something stronger when you're doing an afternoon's shopping, but I'd go somewhere else for food. I had a jerk chicken salad on my last visit, a dish you would expect to be bursting with flavour, however it was bland bland bland. Given that the wonderful Dogs and Amore Dogs are right across the street, you'd think Grand Cru would've upped its game a bit - they most definitely haven't.
3	Grand Cru has that handy advantage of being open past the time (until 3am) that normal bars in Edinburgh get to be open until at the weekend, so if it's past 1am, and you still fancy a drink, but not a dance, Grand Cru is a useful drinking establishment to be aware of.I do find it a little bit clinical as far as bars go, and beyond the limit of busy at the weekend I can be bothered with, but there's nothing really wrong with it to be honest, so A-OK probably describes it fine. In fairness, the staff are always really nice and tend to give you some good banter while they're serving you, which is always a bonus, as a lot of bar staff, particularly on a Friday or Saturday night, are understandably pushed to the limits of their drink serving ability, so there's often not much time for chat. But then again, you should probably be relying on the mates you're with for conversation, not pestering the bar staff for entertainment.
3	This place opened up with high hopes! It looked cool, it was in a cool location and the bar-staff were hot - the perfect formula right?I came for food with my dad once - the selection was awful, we had a choice of 2 dishes and that was that - duck or chicken. Inventive! The drinks were good though, a bit expensive but good nevertheless. I had a cosmopolitan and the glass was really funky, I felt like I was a child again with a funky straw!Full of yah's though
4	I love this place. Ok, so you cold say it's yet another expensive bar on or around George Street, but there's something about Grand Cru that makes it a little bit different from all the others.Maybe it's the huge floor-to-ceiling windows along the front of it, which allow for great people-watching over a glass of wine with friends in the afternoon, or maybe it's the clean cut lines of the wooden furniture, but something about this place has a trendy yet relaxed feel to it.Yes, drinks are definitely on the pricey side; and yes, on weekend nights it does get absolutely rammed, but for daytime drinking this is definitely one of my favourite spots.
4	At Grand Cru I had one of those dining experiences that was all round pretty bad, but with enough Fawlty Towers style comedy to make it enjoyable, making giving it a score quite a tricky task.Firstly, some of the reviewers clearly have the beer goggles on by describing it as "posh" or "stylish". On our visit the drinks menus written on a sheet of A4 paper, grubby tables hastily painted over, and toilets straight out of Trainspotting suggested otherwise. All this wouldn't have mattered a jot if the standards were good. They weren't great, but there was a few saving graces in there..The menu isn't too exciting, but quite competitively priced at about a tenner for a main course. However, some things just don't work when you charge a tenner for them, and edible as E-Bot's seabass was, there was an obvious dip in quality from the many places where this fishy friend occupies the highest price bracket on the menu. Her potatoes were raw as well, which was equal parts shocking and totally hilarious.My ceasar salad was alright, but lacked the anchovies it was meant to have on the menu, which were also the main reason I chose it. It was still tasty enough to gobble down every last morsel though.A perhaps minor, but notable success was that Grand Cru did dish up the best glass of Coke I think I've ever had. Served in a tall, thin, frosted glass with proper crushed ice and a bit of lime squeezed in to give it some unexpected zinginess. It did suggest that Grand Cru might be a better bar than it is a restaurant, a sentiment seemingly reflected in the other reviews.It was disorganised, chaotic, and in gastronomic terms, below par, but what a way to serve up a soft drink. It's at times like this Yelp needs half stars, consider it a very low 4.
4	Went here for lunch and loved it, and ended up coming for late night too! The food is delicious and cheap and the drinks aren't steep either. Booths are super comfy and the seating by the huge windows makes for great people-watching. -Caprese - Great starter to share with another. Mozzarella has lots of flavor and the tomatoes are fresh. Could use a little more basil.-Steak sandwich - You pretty much get an entire steak wedged between yummy bread with a tasty bearnaise sauce in the middle.-Goat cheese & roasted pepper panini - Really nice. Not too filling and lovely flavor This is a great late-night place with DJ playing eclectic music, stays open until at least 2 a.m., and crowd is diverse.
4	Went here for lunch and loved it, and ended up coming for late night too! The food is delicious and cheap and the drinks aren't steep either. Booths are super comfy and the seating by the huge windows makes for great people-watching.-Caprese - Great starter to share with another. Mozzarella has lots of flavor and the tomatoes are fresh. Could use a little more basil.-Steak sandwich - You pretty much get an entire steak wedged between yummy bread with a tasty bearnaise sauce in the middle.-Goat cheese & roasted pepper panini - Really nice. Not too filling and lovely flavorThis is a great late-night place with DJ playing eclectic music, stays open until at least 2 a.m., and crowd is diverse.
2	I haven't eaten in this bar so I can't review the food, but as a bar I'm not keen on it. Whenever I go out socially with my exercise group we always end up going here for some reason and I never enjoy it. It's a weird layout for a bar, but maybe that's because of the restaurant as well which divides it up. It makes it hard to find somewhere to stand and we always seem to be in the way of people passing to the toilet which you have to go down a flight of stairs to get to. The toilets are shared with Bar Napoli. I personally don't think there's a great atmosphere in the bar and with all the great bars in Edinburgh to choose from I would never choose to come here.
