3	This Motel 6 provides most of what you'd expect at this price point, (roughly $50/night).  The parking lot is well lit and secure.  (I parked in front of the office.)  The rooms are clean and the TV and air conditioning work well.  All the lights worked.  There was no shampoo, but they do provide small bars of soap and clean towels.  The bed was comfortable and I slept well.  They offer nothing in the morning except a fresh cup of coffee in the lobby (no coffee maker in the room).  The WiFi was free and worked very well.  Overall, I'm glad I stayed here, especially when I consider the money I saved.
4	Came to Urbana for a conference at UIUC, and needed a cheap place to stay. It was a great price, and its even cheaper then the website posted price (motel6.com wanted and extra $10 per person, while they only charged us $3)  The rooms were clean and comfortable, one had a microwave, and one had a microwave and a fridge. Not a lot of amenities (free ice, vending machines, free wi-fi, laundry) but when I'm staying at a motel, I want a decent place to sleep . The only problem was that the cards kept getting demagnetized, but still for the price I'm willing to leave with it.
2	My boyfriend and I are both alumni of UofI. He was interested in going down for Ebert fest and I tagged along to relive college, six years later.  We searched for lodging in the area and everything was booked, Ebert fest and Illinois Marathon were on the same weekend as our trip.  This place opened up with an available smoking room.  Score....or not so fast.  When we checked in, the front desk staff was dealing with a very rude customer, but she remained calm, patient, and kind. One star goes to her.  We got to our room, and they weren't kidding about a smoking room. It was awful I understand we booked it we should have known, I looked to the window to air it out, but they were not of the opening kind. The room had a refrigerator and microwave which was nice because we had leftovers from dinner. The second star for that.  We did the mandatory bed bug check, all clear. Good, I can sleep soundly. Or can I? The bedding had burn holes from cigarettes and also had the awesome cigarette smell. The bathroom was as clean as Kams bathroom and still had the evidence of college parties, vomit on the baseboards and all.  We only stayed one night, it got the job done, but wish we went down a different weekend and stayed in a nicer place.
1	bed bug on beds. you will feel it next day. and the cleaning lady comes at 8am and never knock the door, she found me naked no once twice. even after y told the manager.don't stay here there are better places in Urbana. IL
2	bedbugs!!!!I am covered in bites- the place seemed clean but the bugs were there. I went through this at home and an infestation is a horrible thing to live through
1	I would never stay here again.  There was a party going on in the next room and nothing was done about the noise.  I complained again in the morning to the desk clerk and was basically sent on my way with a very insincere apology.  When I contacted Motel 6 I was told that the reason the hotel was so noisy was the Illinois Marathon.  I was one of the marathoners staying in the hotel and i can assure you that the noise going on in the hotel was not by the other runners, especially at 3:00 A.M. with a 7:30 A.M. start.  The problem was a bus of students who partied, went out and partied and then returned to party some more.The room itself was very basic, which I expected and did not mind.  The floor sloped at various angles and did little to muffle noise.  Very thin walls increased the noise.  The bathroom was dingy
1	We booked 3 rooms for 1 night so we weren't too conserned with how nice the hotel was but this place was a nightmare.  We requested new sheets for 2 rooms because of blood and other stains. The first room they came and said it was the best sheet that they had and the 2nd room they handed us a balled up sheet for us to change ourselves. One room had a smoke detector covered with a plastic bag. A very large disturbing strain on the spring board too. All were very dirty with stains from floor to ceiling.  I think many rooms around us were families living there. We all woke up to a domestic dispute in the morning.  Pay the $20 extra and stay somewhere else.  My friends wont let me forget about this pick anytime soon...
1	ONLY stay here if you are 1. Staying for one night and 2. planning on only being there to sleep for 7 hours and then leave.  The place is dirty dirty dirty.  The carpet in the hallway is very dirty.  Our sheets had stains.  I didn't even go in the bathroom (again, we literally only slept in the room for about 7 hours got up and left) but looking in it I didn't like what I saw. If you are looking for a cheap place to crash after a night of reliving college, then this is the place.  Otherwise fork over a little bit extra cash and stay somewhere nicer.
