4	Finally decided to give it a try last night, and it is without regrets that we did.  I will say this... the wings and pizza were greasier than they needed to be, but good flavor was certainly found.  Plenty of TV's to watch your various flavors of sporting events and such.  Seem to have good happy hour and weekly specials.  We will come back again!
4	Three of us tried this place for dinner today.  Not bad at all for a wing joint.  We had the one of the pizza/wing specials (30 Wings and 1 XL pizza with 1 top).  They let us split the wings..  10 HOT, 10 medium, and 10 mild.  We ordered a pepperoni for the 1 item.  The service was great.  The waiters came be a lot to check on us.  Wings were saucy and still crispy!  Pizza was thin and cheesy!  Everything was good...  The price on the drinks are not bad either.. Lot of TVs, so many things to watch.  Yeah, we will be back!
5	This is our new Place, we go every Wed for great food and Team Trivia. All servers and fantastic and by your second time visiting tailgaters you feel like a friend. Some of my favorite menu items are the pizza and wings (hot honey)  of course but also the French dip and Philly cheese steak are great! come visit this friendly place for a drink and have some great food. you won't regret it
4	I have lived really close to this place for years but didn't try it until last week. I always thought it was like a pizza hut...limited menu of mediocre pizza and slimy wings but with beer. Turns out I was wrong...it's a really fun sports bar with a wide array of bar-type food and a great drink selection. They even have NTN trivia if you're into that. The day we were there, the Three Olives girls were walking around giving out free 'Dew" shots, which was a nice bonus. We had pizza and wings and while the pizza wasn't the most amazing pizza I've ever had, it was quite enjoyable. And the wings were really good too, nothing like Pizza Hut's. They had a ton of other things I'd like to try someday too...salads, countless appetizers, sandwiches, calzones....something for everyone.
3	I come here every now and then with my boyfriend to grab a drink or with our friends to watch football. We mostly go because it's very close to our house. On the several occasions we've visited the food has always been good, but the service does lack a little bit unless you are sitting at the bar. I've noticed they don't schedule enough servers sometimes and I've had to wait up to 20 minutes on some occasions to be greeted...which can be very irritating if you're thirsty and hungry. Anyways, despite being inexperienced or slow the servers are usually pretty friendly. Drink specials are always decent.If it wasn't right next to my house I probably would not visit again, but the good food, cheap drinks, and location will make me a repeat customer. if you aren't very understanding with sometimes slower service, I would try elsewhere.
4	Just moved to town, this place I really like. Their drink prices are great, the burgers are delicious. Fries are good too!There are plenty of TVs and I would imagine it's a fun place to be for a sporting event. Haven't attended one there yet.  It's the perfect place for bar type food and super reasonably priced drinks. Thumbs up!   I prefer Tailgaters over places like Chili's or TGI Friday's and it's family friendly.The ONLY reason I didn't do five stars is because it isn't that kind of place, it's casual...very casual.
5	We LOVE tailgaters! this is definitely our spot to go! Everything on there menu is great.. but they have EXCEPTIONAL Pizza and Wings(honey BBQ wings are the best!)!!! This place is definitely family friendly and their servers are great! Team trivia is always fun on Wednesday's & Saturdays or just to watch a game!
5	Great service! Great variety on menu, and the food is awesme! Nice atmosphere and  overall great place!
5	My family loves this place.  We eat here 4-5 times a month.  They have a bunch of stuff on the menu, but we stick with the pizza, wings and beer.  Thier wings are some of the best around.  You can also order them grilled and those are great as well.Great place to eat and have a few beers.  Prices are good.A couple of minor things that do bug me about this place.  They have live music (most always a one man band) on Friday nights that is normally pretty good, but sometimes it's a little too loud even for a sports bar.If you're not a UFC fan DON'T try to get in this place on a UFC fight night.  The wait can be pretty long.
5	This place is so chill. You can sit wherever you want and the Baked SUBS ARE THE BOMB!! The customer service is GREAT and I LoVe how the GM goes around and asks how everything is going and then hands out his cards for the new location opening up on Reems Rd. Thanks for delivering a great lunch/dinner, every single time!!
2	Tried the place two other times and it was an alright experience.  The draft beers are limited, but cheap.  The third time I tried it was for Monday night foot ball. There was no where to sit at the bar, and the round tables were full up. I asked the waitress if I could sit outside on the patio and watch the game, and would someone be out to serve me. She replied yes, so I proceeded to go sit outside and wait for service. It never came, the patio is where smokers go to kill their lungs and two gentlemen came out and lit up and he hacked like he was dying the whole time I was out there. I couldn't take anymore of his death cough, and I was thirsty so I headed back in to scope out service and a seat. The bar was still full, but a round table was avail so I snatched it. The bartender asked if I was expecting anyone I said not at the moment, she was more concerned about me taking up a round table and asked if a seat became available would I mind moving. I said sure.  The beers were coming at a steady rate, but then the bartender asked if I would move in between to large males at the bar, because the two gentlemen from the patio where one was dying from coughing were waiting for my round table. I told her I'm not moving in between two silver back gorilla's because I'm not a small person myself, over 6 feet and 200 pounds of american male.  seemed disgusted and directed the smokers to another table.That pissed me off, but what really caught my interest was the manager I didn't catch his name, but he has a long pony tail. I saw him come around to our side of the bar, and do a shot of alcohol with a patron that was at the bar.  I get doing shots with friends, but not when you are the manager and it's a full house, drink after work.My girlfriend showed up, ordered a water with lemon, the waitress brought her a water with no lemon. We quickly paid our tab and headed over to Game Time. Beer didn't taste like the lines have never been flushed and they were larger glasses.Sorry tail gators I'm not bringing my money or my friends to party there anymore.the manager should be busted down to a dishwasher for drinking shots while on the clock.
1	Went in at around 2 pm on a Sunday. Not too busy. Music was kinda loud, dark atmosphere, Tvs loud. Waited for several minutes for someone to acknowledge that we were sitting down, because the sign at the door said please seat yourself. A waitress and a manager passed by neither said hi, went to try and fix a tv that wasn't working. So we left. Won't be back! First impressions are lasting impressions
1	Went there on 3/23/2013 with my wife, saw the review and thought it had to be a slam dunk. The experience consisted of slow sloppy service - took over 12 min before someone even came to our table. The waitress gave away my wife's order to someone else so there was a 25 min time difference between my food arriving and  my wife's. The food - cold on delivery with the exception of my wife's dinner plate partly  to do with the reason stated above. The servers- seemed annoyed with other customers and unapologetic, the server rolled her eyes at a customer that asked for a refill that was sitting adjacent to me. What made me write my first neg review ever instead of just telling family and friends not to come to TailGaters Sports Grill - The server spilled beer all over the guy sitting next to us ( an accident I am sure) but when she was cleaning it up the back and fourth moments done by  the rag had some of the beer  splat over me as well with no apology. This is the first time I have never tipped a waitress in my life.
5	Great place to come with family or friends.  All the staff is friendly and fun to talk to.  You dont feel pressure and overwhelm like most place.
2	I read a review that their Philly cheesesteak was similar to Chicago's style... I highly disagree! The hotdog that my toddler ate was disgusting. The potato skins were ok. Although, the suicide wings were great. (but the hotness was more of a medium heat not suicide) The service was extremely slow but friendly staff. I don't see myself dining in but maybe I will do a take out on wings and try their pizza.
4	Great spot for pizza wings and some beers. For being a sports grill they got some good pizza and wings. Been there a few times and will return.
5	Visiting from San Diego I found this place to be much like a local brewery with a hometown feel. Large drinks and decent food. Wish the Buffalo salad had smaller strips, more sauce and other ingredients...kinda boring. Other than that the Philly was awesome!
4	Great food, mediocre service, very long wait time, buildings not big enough to hold that amount of people can't properly walk anywhere to crowded, will be there again but will be doing take out next time
5	What a great experience!!  We have been going here since it opened.  First it was just the guys, now our whole family goes here at least one a week.  Team Trivia is Tuesday nights and is a blast.Gotta get the bread sticks - buttery, garlic and spices - it's awesome!The manager Richard is always there and runs a great place.
1	I have been here 5 times in the last two weeks (and ordered 30 wings each time)which is dumb of me after the first time, but I will not be coming back again they have failed to get my order correct one again they evidently do not know what sloppy wings are. The customer service is also horrible I stood there for about 5 minutes before being acknowledged and another 5 before the incompetent staff came to assist me. They have lost a valued customer I will either travel across the street or the extra couple miles to El mirage when we need a hot wing fix.
4	Best local pizza! Just order the Cheeseburger Pizza with bacon. Delicious! Seriously. The wings aren't bad, not a bad beer selection. We go for games and sometimes Trivia night on Wednesday. Service is so, so but a couple if the waitresses are awesome. Might need more staff on busy nights.
4	We really enjoy the fun atmosphere at Tailgators and enjoy Trivia night! I just would recommend less TV's and more Interactiveness. Unfortunately LP is missing that and you guys have what it takes to make it work! Karaoke on Fridays! I would be there every week and help grow your crowd cuz I just...can :) we are wanting and waiting...make it worth out while!
4	Came here for UFC fights, and were barely able to get a seat!We ended up ordering food to go, and eating right in our laps, but it was totally fine. They are insanely well staffed, and still even brought beer to us even though we weren't officially at a table. Pizzas here were delicious. I can't vouch for anything else but everything looked pretty good that whizzed by us :) Prices were amazing too, although I forgot that we were in Arizona :P
2	my wife and I have been coming here for years. today we went with friends. maybe three tables seated and we had to wait a long time for service. when our drink order finally came we had to wait forever to place a food order. in the past the pizza was good, today it seemed like frozen pizza. the crust was like cardboard and it was slightly burned.  the wings were good though.
2	The food is good here, don't get me wrong. The service though, it's not the best. I literally had to wait until I was done with my food to get another refill for WATER. The server should be on top of this. I would've asked for another refill but the server was never around. If only the service was better I would've given it 4.5 if possible.
4	CONSISTENT!!!!! that's the best word for Tailgaters. Good food pizza, wings, subs, burgers and cold beer (which in PHX area isn't always the case!). As a person who grew up on the east coast, I am forever searching for my hometown bar. If I had to call it......this is it. Steady group of regulars day and night with a good local bar feel.
4	The food was so good! I had it delivered which came very quickly to which I was really excited about! The delivery guy was super nice and charismatic. My only issue was that they didn't add enough salt for my liking and forgot my second cannoli, but even with that, it was sooooo good! I would totally buy from here again!
4	My husband and I have been coming here regularly for wings and french fries for well over a year. I'm not a huge fan of wings, but here, they're delicious! The fries and cheese curds are also great.Occasionally, we've ventured out from our typical order, but have been disappointed every time. I particularly don't care for the pizzas or calzones, as their sausage tastes like it's of the frozen pizza variety, and the veggies don't get sufficiently cooked in whatever baking method they use.Service and quality of food preparation is somewhat inconsistent, but hey - ish happens sometimes, right?
5	The best! Happy hour m-f from 1030am to 7? Thats crazy! 2.00 drafts! Specials everyday. All sports on all the time! FOOD IS THE BEST!
3	Good pizza and wings.  Just have to be super clear on any special requests.  Like extra sauce on side plus regular sauce on wings for example.
5	Nice little place! The bartender Lindsay was great. Took good care of me! Come check it out!
4	They have a very expansive menu so there is something for everyone. We came here twice while on a family vacation over spring break. The first time we ordered to go and the food was ready by the time I got there. We had wings, pizza, sandwiches, and salad. All were good.The next time we went in and were seated right away. My daughter tried one of the baked sandwiches. It is kind of like a calzone but with different stuffings. She had the french dip. She really enjoyed it and has been searching for it on menus ever since. Everyone enjoyed their meals. We will definitely visit again if we are ever back in the area.
2	Pizzas have shrunk in size dramatically since they have opened, and are pretty tasteless in my opinion. I prefer Little Caesars pizza over this place if that says anything. My pepperoni pizza tasted like a grease pizza with cheese that was not completely melted. The wings aren't too bad, they are the only reason this joint received any stars.
5	The atmosphere is relaxed, food is good for bar food and the prices are great. The staff is friendly and attentive. Bring the family to watch the game and hang out.
5	Came here for a quick bite and beer.  Nachos were great, wings were pretty good, and the pizza was excellent.  Family friendly, lots of TVs, lots of sports.  I'll be back for sure.
3	Hit or miss with this one. Definitely learned my lesson not to order take out, they never get it right. Best time is when they open, at least you know everything's fresh for sure.
2	So... We were in need of some serious sustenance and ordered your food for delivery. It was just not good, not terrible, but not good. The fries tasted as though they were reheated from days prior and what I thought was a baked sandwich really was buffalo chicken in a bread log. Oh and you forgot the honey mustard.
4	Been here a handful of times. Service can be a hit or miss. Some days they are constantly looking out to refill your glass with your favorite drink (Four Peaks- Kilt Lifter on tap)  and other days they forget you exist.  Place is very chill/relaxed, good place to watch sports.So far I've only had their Pizza. I love that they are not stingy with their vegetables you ask for bell peppers, onions, mushroom etc. and you can actually see them.
