5	Tonight was the grand opening and.....they nailed it.  SERVICE: A+ DECORE: A+DRINK STRENGTH : A+TIME TO GET IN: C (with being on the list w a table) but with all the other A's...it was worth it.They have a girls/guys bathroom with a bar in it that is one of the coolest things I have ever seen and music that is "bumpin".  We even ordered some food to munch on and it was DELICIOUS. we got the tuna tartar a chicken salad and some pork stick things that were great portions and very tasty.  Plus the service never faltered and was super impassive for being PACKED and opening night.All in all...I was IMPRESSED and for SURE going back.
4	The grand opening was a lot of fun.  Good mix of ages.  I liked the outside bars and patio areas.  Unisex bathrooms are a kick.  Friendly staff.  They should have a good run.
1	The douche bags at the gates were rude and asking for money to let us get in. There are better places that this ! No thanks !
5	I REALLY wish we hadn't left The Mint last night.  The only thing I did not love was the mint we dropped on drinks, but hey its Scottsdale. Oh, and the boobs in my face.Our bartender A.J.  took great care in muddling my Jefferson (5 stars) and Sharman's Mint (how can you go wrong with a drink named after the establishment) while entertaining us with an infused vodka taste test. My new favorite drink was discovered last night--ginger vodka press: run, do not walk to your nearest liquor dealer.The tapas were ultra cheap and tasty, we took down the tuna tartare and  fried wontons and there are several others I would go back for.  These two items were the perfect base for our evening ahead.  I want to return for the Bubbles- The Gold Digger. Eye candy of all ages, dress to the nines for this joint!
2	I happened to meet friends here on Saturday evening, and overall, I like the design.  It is simple and not overly tacky.  They are definitely in their opening stages, there was only a few printed menus, they were not serving everything on the food menu (if you can spend millions on a place, spend a few extra bucks to print menus for your opening if you're not offering the full menu), and the bartender abilities were a joke.  The Jefferson - a great cocktail if executed properly.  It is supposed to be cucumber and basil muddled with cucumber infused vodka (they use Effen Cucumber) and topped with a splash of soda.  They put one basil leaf in to muddle.  When you make a mojito you don't use one mint leaf, what makes a person think that one basil leaf in this drink is going to give any flavor?!  Needless to say, there was absolutely no basil taste at all, which was disappointing.  The drink was bland to say the least.  I asked for the black pepper, added a few shakes and had the bartender shake it up again - much better!The staff was polite, in a "we think we're the shit" kinda way.  The waitresses all huddled at their staff spot at the bar flirting and chatting with the bar backs and bartenders pretty much the entire time.  It was early enough so it wasn't that busy, but it was overkill to have 10 employees crammed into the bar space.  I ended up here again the next day, when my same friends (they're guys, so naturally the fake boobs in this place are doing what they are intended to do and draw in the customers) decided to have a few before we hit a show.  This time we had A.J. as well as our bartender and he was great.  He entertained, he paid good attention to all of the customers on that side of the bar, if you asked him for something you got it (the blond, not so much, I think every time someone asked her for something, she looked at them like they had 2 heads and when I asked for a napkin after not getting one when served my food she looked at me with a blank stare and said "you need a napkin?" to which I politely replied, "I'm not exactly going to use my arm to wipe my mouth...")  The food is OK.  I think with time they can perfect it and have some great plates.  I ordered the wontons and they were cooked perfectly and tasty.  I also ordered the shrimp and green papaya salad.  It was tasty, the shrimp could have been cooked just a bit more and the dressing was a little tart and needed to be just a tad sweeter, but overall it was tasty.  A friend ordered the ribs and wasn't too keen on them, but did say the chicken lollipops were great.   It was disappointing to ask the staff how something was and have them reply that they haven't tried it.  To me, part of training is the food sampling.  A staff member should always be able to explain an item on the menu and know what it taste like.  So overall, it is exactly what you would expect from a lounge in Scottsdale.  If you enjoy that scene, you will love it.  It's a good place to chill and have a drink on a Sunday afternoon (which, BTW, if paying $12 for a cocktail is a bit much, on Sundays you can go for HH and get half priced drinks and $2 off all food).
4	I went to  Cornell in upstate NY. What was I thinking???????? In my next life I'm coming back as an ASU student.
2	It's time I write a review on this place. I'm not sure where to start because this place is a shit show. Not necessarily the good kind. It's not terrible either.As soon as you get to the front, there are about five different lines. One for general admission, one for tables, one for hot chicks, one for douchebags, and one for hot chicks with douchebags. Once you get in, you are greeted to an overdone club. If you've been to Vegas, you have seen excess done right at XS (haha), Tao, etc. The Mint, seems like it is trying a little too hard. The decor, the LED lighting, the chandelier. Everything just seems....out of place and unnatural. I guess this building used to be a bank, so they call it The Mint. The unisex bathrooms are meh. Although it's a great place to meet strangers. There is a bar there. That's kind of cool.Now the music. This is where everything goes south. Music can make or break  a club. This place is too "pop-py". A little too much Britney and Enrique, and not enough Deadmau5, Swedish House Mafia and Steve Aoki. Come on guys. Get with it. This is where I say Smashboxx wins. It may smaller, less glitzy, but Smash has better music, and it's more fun.I suppose I should address the dress code since it was a hot topic on the talk threads. People get in wearing t-shirts, jeans, and sneakers. I think the point of the dress code is to weed out idiots who show up to the door wearing shorts, baseball hats and stupid tshirts that say "Sake To Me" (yes I own one, but I dont wear it "out"). And yes....there were plenty of idiots showing up dressed like this.Would you dress like this to a nice restaurant? Of course not. Why should this place be any different?In any case, Mint....Smash wins. Less idiots showing up at the door. better music. Better club.
2	MehhhhhhhhhhhhhhI felt like it was really uncomfortable in this place.Like there was no real dance floorFrom all the hooplah on this place's Facebook page about a strict dress code, I expected the clientele here to be a bit... well... classier?  Better dressed?  I dunno...It just seemed kinda trashy, very uncomfortable, and I don't think I'd ever go back.  Bleh.
2	I was not very excited about this place. The bartenders seemed to be very quick and the drinks were very good (well poured). The crowd was rather meh...I am not sure if it is because this place is new in Scottsdale but everybody was trying to be very cool in their own corners, not much intermingling going on. And yes it was full of Scottsdale's finest botoxed, boob-jobbed, mini-dressed cougars, as well as the 'cool' old men and of course the 50,000-dollar-millionaires strutting their stuff. And the dress code is no worse than your typical Scottsdale nightclub; their website extremely overstates their expectations from what I saw. My biggest complaint was that the dance floor and I love to dance! What became the dance area was right in the middle of the main walking area towards the bathroom. The DJ booth is cool but, there isn't exactly an established dance floor so it is right in the middle between some tables and in the walkway; poor planning if you ask me. The decor is alright; it was supposedly a bank before (hence the name The Mint)...It is almost over decorated if there is such a thing. But, I did really like some of the unique art on the walls! We came here early in the evening on a Saturday with a group of gals, so the line was not too bad, but when we left the place was a madhouse outside and there was no apparent exit route. I doubt I will be back here; this is not exactly my scene. Maybe after the hype of this place simmers a bit, it may be more fun.
4	Very yummy.   The menu consists of smaller dishes....we had three and all three were yummy.The staff were all super friendly and helpful.   The bartender was super nice guy and suggested some delicious drinks.LOVE the interior design.Have to go back at night to see what it looks like then.Will definitely go back.
4	This review is based on The Mint at night, as I haven't had the pleasure of dining there yet. The thing that stands out the most about this place is the exceptional service you receive. I have never encountered anyone who seems to have the sense of entitlement that is all to familiar in Scottsdale. I've been welcomed by Tommy and Kathy graciously more than once, and they are always genuinely interested in what people are saying about The Mint.The champagne bar in the unisex bathroom is unique in Scottsdale, and adds a buzz worthy element. All in all, it's a great place to go on Friday or Saturday night, and I can't wait to check it out for food sometime soon!
1	The guys that they have working the front were jerks!! I went to meet up with friends for table service and the jerks at the front would not let me in. They wouldn't even talk to me to let them know that I was paying for bottle service. I waited for 30 minutes and took my money somewhere else. This place is a joke! If it wants to maintain the reputation that they are putting out there, the they need to get organized with the lines in front, hire better bouncers who are not jerks, and not to turn away or make people wait for 30 minutes who are paying for bottles. I will not be back... This place will crash soon. I'm not the only one, many of my friends have had the same  results  and will not be waisting there time either.People don't waist your time!!!Oh! And I'm not a lame unattractive douche bag either... I'm a hot 24 year old educated women.  Believe me when I do bottle service this weekend for my 25th bday.. It won't be at "The Mint"!!
1	First and foremost, where's the dance floor? Service was pretty fast with getting me drinks but the quality of the drinks was terrible. Vodka cranberry tasted like something with cranberry syrup and the bartender gave me an attitude about how it's not his fault so it must be mine.Packed with zombies in dress-code uniform and a long line. Revolver would have been a much better idea and it doesn't have a cover.
3	Meh, I got to Mint when I feel like a change from the usual club hopping.  It's a bit fancier than the typical clubs so fellows, make sure you're wearing a shirt with a collar or they will not let you in, trust me, I've had friends try more than once.  It's more of a lounge scene so if you feel like dancing, this really isn't your place.  You CAN dance, but I'd recommend being very drunk before you do because you're going to be one of the only ones doing it.  If you just feel like getting your drink on though and talking to some good looking people, Mint is your place.
4	Pretty cool, new place in Scottsdale.  The decor is nice, the service is good and the happy hour prices are excellent for Scottsdale!
1	First fail: no Malibu. BUSTED! Second fail: not being able to use the empty parking lot on a Wednesday afternoon without valet parking. Really? Valet parking is used so you don't have to park a million blocks away and you pay for the convenience of having someone go run after it. Not so you can rape patrons by having them pay $8 to get out the car, drive 10 feet and park it.Third fail: bartenders these days in Scottsdale, where DO they come from? My friend ordered a dirty martini and he didn't know what that was... mon dieu, The Mint. And I really can't stand metro-Phoenix establishments ripping off classic L.A. names and trying to charge L.A. prices, trying to exude the hipsteriness *my word*  is a clusterf-ck of proportions. Overall, not impressed and won't return.
3	I like the space and the concept, I really do. The lights and decor are spectacular. The wrap around patio is wonderful and the co-ed bathroom with a bar is really cool.  Plus, all the staff I encountered were friendly as hell and not pretentious. However, drinks are expensive. The valet took forever. There's no place to dance and the dirty old men are on the prowl. Over all this place is like a big caricature of a trendy night club. I haven't been here for dinner, take this as a night life review only.
3	Why do you cram so many people into The Mint?  Its so crowded in there you can't move around.  Then you're forced to stand in one spot and apparently people will just run you over.  I do like the space but there's no dance floor.  The light concept above the bar is awesome!  The staff are friendly and are willing to serve, but the drinks are expensive. I think I will have to visit this place before the night life is in full swing.
3	Hmmmm...I'm torn between a 3 and 4.  It's really 3.33, so that means I'll round down.At any rate, a group of us 5 gals had a fun Saturday evening dinner here.  We were a bit weirded out when we first got there, as we had arrived about fifteen minutes before happy hour was ending, and there were only about 5 people in the place - none at tables, all at the bar.  It did end up pretty hopping by the time we left 3 hours later - we were so engrossed with our own fun and conversation that I hardly noticed how many people had shown up and filled the place out until after 9.We managed to get in our order for some drinks and eats before HH ended.  Food was pretty good, though nothing to write home about - we noshed on some short ribs, tuna tartar, chicken skewers, edamame, loganberry shrimp, and pineapple ginger tofu.  Cocktails were great...and half off during happy hour, so even better!I liked the theme and decor.  The unisex bathroom was a new experience to me, but I wasn't freaked out like a couple of my galpals were.  What was kind of gross was the BAR IN THE BATHROOM.  Ewwwww.  Who'd wanna order drinks in there?  I also felt at times like I was in a Vegas casino, what with all the scantily-clad waitresses flitting about.All in all, a fun little experience, though I sure wouldn't frequent the place if I lived around here.  In fact, I'd probably just try a bunch of the other myriad of offerings the area has in the way of restaurants.
5	Finally a nice upscale establishment with a Vegas feel in Scottsdale. Great decor, professional and attractive staff, all around a great environment. I am surprised at some of the comments on here that are negative. Clearly those people have never been to many clubs/bars. The door hosts are some of the best in the state. Anyone that has ever been to a hot night club knows if it is busy and you want to get in quick be extra nice to the door staff not act like a moron with an attitude. If you don't want to wait in line get there early. It's also nice to see a place with a dress code so that guys actually have to look some what respectable an not like a bum wearing shorts an flip flops. Use your head fellas your going out on the town not to a pool party, have some pride in the way you look. The Mint is top notch, thank you for a great time every time. I am a fan for sure.
1	Gets a 1 only because you can't give zeros... In a city known for its pretentiousness, Mint tries very hard at being the most pretentious... and it's the one thing it does well.  We've been there twice now.  The first time we had a good time, but that was more due to the company than the place.  The food is well below average.  As long as you are having a drink, make sure it's wine or beer, since their mixed drinks are among the worst we've ever had.  The staff is the ultimate in snobbery.  Pass.
4	I was at the Mint's Grand Opening, to see Tommy Georges open his new spot. As a friend and former coworker of Tommy, I was proud he landed this new spot, and was excited that Valley Fave, Johnny Chu was named the chef featuring his brand of Pan Asian cuisine. The Grand Opening was an insane affair, so I just went back after the fire died down to finally try the Pan-Asian inspired menu. When I walked in the bright spot was full of members of the EO Forum members, which included some of the best entrepreneurs in the Valley. I saw lots of old friends and chatted up several people at the bar. I love a great long bar with lots of people and find it stimulating to spark up conversations over relaxing libations. I enjoyed my menu selections, and love savory Asian cuisine. I tried the Sizzling Shrimp and rice. The plump shrimp were drizzled in a piquant glaze that had sweet and sour notes. I also tried a dish of delicious sugarcane pork skewered on ginger sticks. I love that dish! I have to get Johnny to show me how to make that dish and I cannot wait to go back and try it again. To accompany my tapas dishes I had a fantastic cocktail called the Jefferson, which featured Effen Cucumber vodka. I drank 2 of those summer-appropriate refreshing drinks. The highlight of my night was my pixie bartender, Kaitlyn Rieker. She was fantastic, and kept up the witty banter with a bar full of thirsty and demanding men. I met a fantastic character straight out of Central Casting named Arty. This gentleman was of the old school and he is a casino host currently working in Reno. He regaled me with stories of his time in Hollywood at Columbia Pictures, Charles Bronson, old-time Mobsters, Boxers and the tell habits of Asian Gamblers. We were joined in the revelry at the bar by a giant of a man named David Richardson, an associate of Arty's, and my friend, Brian Boubek, from CEA Global Education drank a couple of bottles and wine and had a great time. We had good service from the cute and energetic Kaitlyn and her bar manger, Dolh Chompupong. I cannot wait to hang out here again!
4	I have been hearing nothing but good things about The Mint & I'm happy to report they were true! Our group got a table & had a great time celebrating a friends nuptials. As a general Scottsdale club experience, I'd say it was pretty standard -- Plastic ladies & men's V-necks as far as the eye can see! Mint is definitely well-designed... Points for bringing big bursts of color to dark nightclub. The ambiance is definitely trendy... But in a cool way, not a "try too hard" way. THE BATHROOMS!!!!! Loved em. Unisex bathroom with floor-to-ceiling walls and doors in each private stall. Superb. My only issue with The Mint was our table service. A comment the owner (manager? idk) left about the service being "impeccable" was way off. Service at our table was sub-par... It was a Saturday night, in our servers defense... But I've been to bigger, fuller clubs & had more consistent & faster service. She just seemed a bit overwhelmed. All in all, it was a great time! I'll be back for sure!
3	Not too bad. I am not at all the Old Town Scottsdale nightlife kind of gal anymore, so this wouldn't be my scene during those times. However, about 12 of my girlfriends and I went to The Mint for Happy Hour on a Friday and had a pleasant time. The food is really good! The drinks are good and the 1/2 price makes them very reasonable. The interior was pretty cool. Later at night you probably wouldn't be able to notice all the cool details. The co-ed bathroom is weird - just weird. I really didn't like that. The staff while very attractive and friendly, seemed a bit new. Our very sweet server had a lot of trouble with our big group. She didn't want to do separate checks at the beginning and told us doing one group bill would be easier for everyone. Then, when we tried to pay, it was a problem and someone else told us we should have done separate checks...we tried! I waited 30 minutes for my bill when there might have been 3 other patrons in the Mint other than our group. I would definitely come back for another happy hour and check out the outdoor bar, but would probably insist on separate checks.
2	Well, they definitely enforce the dress code. Ladies, don't rely on your looks! If you aren't wearing the shortest dress ever, forget it. The club felt like a cheesy version of Vegas and everything was totally overpriced. If not for the good company of friends, I would've peaced out to a more comfortable club.What bothers me most about this club is the entire attitude. On their Facebook page they happily say Scottsdale is "going downhill" and credit themselves with bringing them out of it by having a retarded dress code. They think the "upper class" should remain the upper class. Right, you charge $10 for a cover in Arizona. Go to LA where they charge $45 or more for a mediocre club and get back to me about that upper class. Only pros - the bathroom was interesting. Bizarre really. Not bad, not good, just different. Good place for hitting on people. The staff was actually strangely nice to people in line. One guy was particularly hot and funky.
4	I cant speak for this place as a club, only as a restaurant.Some girlfriends and I went here for AZ restaurant week. The food was awesome and well worth the $30 pre fixe fee (and judging by the menu online, pretty reasonably priced every other week of the year).Our menu came w/ on of their signature cocktails. I had The Mint. And I would have it again, over and over and over.App course: Spicy wontons. The dipping sauces were what made these spicy more than anything but both were ridiculously good. One more spicy spicy, the other more sweet and spicy.Dinner course: House chicken dynamite. I couldve done w/out the breading on the chicken, other than that it was delicious. Lots of veggies, peanuts, and a wicked spicy sauce. Definately not for someone who cant take the heat.Dessert course: Japanese green tea cheese cake. The only reason I chose this was because Im not a fan of goat cheese (a part of the title of the other dessert option) and really how can you go wrong w/ cheesecake? My first bite was interesting. It was definately something I'd never tasted before, but I cleaned my plate. Moral: it may taste strange at first, but give it a few more bites- I guarantee youll end up loving it.The decor was really cool as well.
3	Mint for me is just okay. It was way too packed when I last went and I didn't love the crowd, which is funny because considering how hard they make it seem to get in you'd think there'd be a better crowd. I like the bathrooms - the unisex thing is kind of cool and the bathrooms are really nice inside. Also, I like that some of the bartenders were pretty nice, but what I didn't like is that the drinks just weren't made that well - I like a strong drink that doesn't taste too strong and that's not what I got, and on top of that they were pretty expensive. However, I liked Mint's food a lot when I went for happy hour and I'd so much rather go there for the happy hour than for the nightlife scene.
2	I really did not like this place at all.  The weird thing is . . . . it wasn't the bouncers, the bartenders, or anyone that worked at the club that made me not want to come back.  Everyone seemed really nice and the service was good.  Maybe I went on an off night (Saturday)?  Weird.  Anyway the crowd was hodge-podge of people old men (40s, 50s), short horny Asians, and the jersey shore.  I was mainly disappointed at the lack of good looking people.  You go somewhere like this thinking there will be at least a few attractive men (like in Vegas) but there really weren't that many. Trust me my standards are not that high.  So if you are an average looking dude, this place would be a good place for you to score a hot chick since there was a decent amount.  The odds are in your favor!  Sorry if this sounds shallow but my expectations were really a lot higher for this place.  Especially after hearing all this hard to get by the bouncer business.  Which it wasn't, but I went early (10:30-11PM)  And one more thing that made this a terrible place to dance  . . . . . the DJ kept playing all these awesome songs, and would remix them with techno so in the end it all sounded the same (techno music, boo).  There were hip hop/top 40 songs but they all sounds like techno music because the dj kept mixing them.  It was terrible (IMO).
3	I've only been there as a night spot, and like a lot of the 'scene' in Scottsdale, it's overrated at best.  The dj's have been pretty good the few times I've gone.  They have a decent play list and can actually beat mix (kudo's to real dj's), but there really is no place to "dance".  Which kind of blows.  There are a lot of revenue generating booths and rooms on what would be a killer dance floor, but then the premium is placed on sitting, nodding (if you have rhythm), and looking disinterested as if you want to be in L.A., but can't afford it.  LOL.  If you're with a good crew, any place is fun.  This place on it's own shouldn't be a destination, but if you're with a fun group you'll enjoy it, but won't be dancing much due to lack of space.The bathrooms are pretty cool though, they men's and women's bathrooms are connected internally so you kind of co-mingle in there.  Good and bad....that girl you thought looked dope in the 'club light' is lookin' kinda beat in real light hahaha!  Have fun!
4	Had a really good time here, music is good, crowd is nice and the ambiance is lovely!!!bartenders are cute and helpful...decent crowd!bathroom is hot have a drink while u wait to tinkle and have one when ur done
4	I met a friend at the Mint for happy hour, so I have no idea what the club experience is like, but I was pleasantly surprised with their happy hour. They feature japanese/asian-inspired food and all of their food items are half price for hh! (Drinks are $2.00 off.) Our bartender was attentive and very helpful with picking out our drink and food orders. I had "The Mint", which is pear vodka, starfruit, mint, lemon, and "fizz". I really enjoyed it! My friend and I shared the truffle butter and sea salt edamame, so basically edamame with awesome flavor. We also had the House Dynamite, which is tofu and veggies in a delicious spicy sweet sauce - I loved this dish. I would definitely order it again. My friend raved about her Soup Gyoza (pork dumplings with broth). I had the Wasabi Sliders which left a little to be desired. I expected a little more wasabi punch and some of the meat was a too chewy. The decor was fun, what I'd picture at a club in Tokoyo... lots of bright lights and colors, and a crazy led light cube flashing random pictures. The bathrooms are decked out with chandeliers and apparently they serve champagne in there. The whole place is gaudy, amusing, and fun. If you're not a clubber, give their happy hour a try.
3	Classy looking place. It's a large club with a nice wrap-around patio. Bartenders were fast. The price range is on the higher end of having a fun night on the town. Could definitely go other places to get more for your money. This place seemed more about atmosphere and bottle service.
4	The club experience is pretty fun.  The restroom is unisex and there's another mini  bar and bartender conveniently located next to the sinks.  Inside area has a cool set up.  Outside area is also nice if you get a table.
3	The Mint is filled with the people that give Scottsdale a bad name but I have to admit I kind of liked it. The bar is beautiful and it looked like everyone was having a great time. The bathrooms here are unisex but there are two separate lines for men and women. The women's powder room was a good size and there was an attendant in there selling cocktails.  Sounds gross but I found it very convenient when I didn't want to fight the crowds to get a drink. If you come here you will find yourself fighting crowds everywhere. Since they do not have a designated dance floor people create them in the most inconvenient areas. Our group found a table outside and stayed there all night. We usually go to low key bars so we won't be back anytime soon but we had fun.
3	Valley singles- if you're looking for some grade-A steak, there's nothing better than Mint's meat. Upon entering The Mint the first song that came to mind was 'The beautiful people, the beautiful people.' Bloody hell! I have never seen so many good-looking people in my life. I felt like I had died a martyr and gone to heaven where 72 sexpots were awaiting for me! You could tell this grand opening was the place to be and be seen. Amazed at all the beauty, I found it really REALLY strange that not one of these beautiful people were smiling. They were all so serious! I found myself singing the Jessi J song 'Price Tag':'Why is everybody so serious?Acting so damn mysterious?You got your shades on your eyesAnd your heels so highThat you can't even have a good time.'People were scanning each other up and down, as if they were either judging one another, or trying to pick out flaws in order to convince themselves that they are better looking than the rest. I myself was trying to figure out and determine if they were all as stuck up and cocky as most are, and as most look. Why is it that most beautiful people are all so serious and take everything and everyone so seriously? And why do they all feel so threatened, intimidated, and scared to approach one another? I approached a fellow at The Mint, whom I thought was the biggest sexpot in the joint. I like to approach everything with humor so I told him one of my jokes. He was not amused, and was as boring and superficial as his face portrayed. But what did I lose by testing him out? Zilch. I got a good laugh with my mates.As one of the newest hotspots in Scottsdale, this place is the epitome of Scottsdale. A swag bag of hair spikes stiffer than Charlie sheen on Viagra, enough silicone to supply IBM globally, until the next predicted rapture, fake lips that are so ridiculous they would quack anyone up, sunglasses in the club, yes, sunglasses in the club, bales of long fake locks, and buckets of Botox.The club eventually will be an ultra cool lounge to chill at. It's modern, colorful, unique, trendy, and comfortable. Not comfortable for a while however. Typical for Scottsdale, new clubs draw crowds of sheep and lemming. So just like any new club that opens here, you can guarantee a line of lemmings and sheep for about 6 months. Let me paint you a picture here. The pied piper pied his pipe, and attracted an ever-increasing line of rodents. This is the current scene at Mint. The head of the pack, the one closest to the pied piper, shouted demanding requests for entry based on the fact that they know Aaron May by six degrees of separation.Once the fad of the newest vagina on the block wears off for The Mint, I hope this place survives the after shock because it truly is a cool place. Just make sure to go there After Eight.
3	I was not looking forward to meeting some friends at The Mint after reading some terrible reviews regarding the people, dress code, and general doucheyness of the place. I have to say its not all that bad. The service was excellent; the waitress was super sweet, the drinks didn't seem too over priced, the ambiance was comfortable,  and the dress code was what one would expect.  All in all I was pleasantly surprised. Would I go again? Probably wouldn't be my 1st choice, but then again Im kinda a hippie :)
2	The small plates on the happy hour menu were great.  The staff was pleasant and helpful.Very disappointed that overall, The Mint is desperately trying to be the next flashy, trendy location in the neighborhood.As a person who actually lives in Old Town, and not just a visitor who is impressed with flashy clubs, I saw little effort or focus on return clientele.  Most businesses strive for returning customers.  This place is just desperate to be the hot spot for 'Right Now.'With most of the clubs closing around here, Old Town doesn't need any more trendy places.  Just more relaxed and enjoyable ones.  I don't see this place being here 2 years from now.
1	Cocky Unfortunate Looking Waitresses? Check.Extremely Overpriced Drinks? CheckNo Room to Dance in a "Dance Club? CheckMusic that Just Flat Out Sucks? Check A Venue that Will Falsely Accuse You of Stealing Glow in the Dark Condoms? CheckBouncers that Really Really Wish they Could be Policemen and Make Sure to Act Like They Think They Are? CheckBroken Glass Decorating the Floors Waiting to Be Stepped On? CheckVIP Tables that Cost More than Vegas? Check Lying Management that Wishes they were Working in Hollywood? CheckA Nightclub that's not Worth your Money, your Time, or Your Recommendation? CheckIf you want all of this and more, go to the Mint in Scottsdale.  It claims to be everything trendy, chill and that you want in a nightclub and if all of the above sounds trendy and chill to you, this is your place.My 20 friends and I between the ages of 22 and 30 had a horrible time at this club and will never consider going back.  As a young adult who has seen her share of bars and nightclubs across the West Coast this was my worst experience ever and this is a place I vow to never return to.
3	The Mint falls somewhere in between a 3 and 4 Star establishment.  I love this place for Happy Hour. The food and martini's are excellent!  Even the barely twenty something servers who don't look old enough to buy cigarettes, actually give great service!  (This is pretty rare in Old Town).   As a lounge this place falls a little short.  The problem is that their pricing plays to a slightly older crowd, late 20's-40's but their clientele consists of $100 millionaires and wanna be playmates.   Also, dance music plays but there is really no dance floor, in fact they encourage people to dance on top of the booths.  It's definitely not my first choice for a night out, but it has a good concept and great food, so it might actually have a chance of surviving in Old Town, which is appears to be a challenge these days.
4	I met a friend here for dinner and we shared the mint shrimp, chicken dynamite, and basil fish. Everything was delicious and spicy. I was really surprised how spicy the food was considering it's an acquired taste. It made my eyes water! We finished off our meal with some green tea cheescake. I was in hog heaven and extremely satisfied with my meal till I saw the bill. Those martinis and glasses of wine really add up! I bought a $40 for $20 coupon on localdines.com and my bill was still $60 after using it. Next time I eat here I'll go for happy hour.
1	When I heard Bad Boy Bill was coming to The Mint in February, I was ecstatic. Problem is, this place has no dance floor. How do you invite one of the all-time great DJs to a place without a dance-floor? Just plain stupid. Management has explicitly said on Yelp they are "not a club" and I can understand that, but they should probably just stick to the regular Top 40 if they don't have a dance-floor. In my opinion, just a bad look on their part. I will be driving to Vegas for XS to have a real party to which The Mint cannot supply. Nor do I plan to give The Mint a fourth try. They lose my business.
3	The Mint was an awesome place and great party atmosphere. Theres a bunch of older people than younger. The bartenders were friendly and attentive! I would go back.
3	All 3 stars are for the fun, funky, unique design, layout and lighting. There was this cube of LED lights that produced mesmerizing images and animations. I'm glad I wasn't facing it or I might still be there thinking thoughts like, "Oh, pretty!" and reaching for it longingly.The most difficult thing: getting a servers attention. Which is astonishing since they were overstaffed for the evening.The most awkward thing: how the 5 for $5 wine flight was executed. I had to get up and walk across the restaurant to get each glass of wine. They really should have integrated things better.The weirdest thing: Co-ed Bathroom. This isn't a family bathroom where only one person uses it at a time. We're talking public restroom style.Recommendation to THE MINT: Hire your servers more on their customer service experience and ability and less on their waist size and hipness.Cheers.
4	This was my second trip to The Mint and I'm happy I went back.  My first time was with about 8 other ladies during restaurant week and one of my friends and I had the tuna tartar and it was to die for!  We recently decided we were going to go on a quest for the best tuna tartar in the valley so we went back to The Mint to give it a second try and see if it was just as delish the second time and it was even BETTER than what we remember.  We each got a nice sized bowl served with prawn crackers (I love listening to them crackle and pop....even more than rice crispies!!) so as not to dilute the flavor of the tuna tartar.  The tuna tartar was mixed with diced onion, cucumber, ginger and some spicy chili sauce.  It tasted wonderfully fresh and the combination of the ginger with the chili was awesome!  The Mint used to be a bank apparently and the drinks were all named something "banky" (is that a word?).  I had The Jefferson and it was so incredibly yum!  Effen cucumber vodka, mint and something else tasty that I can remember...tonic maybe?  Who cares...it was great!  From there we went to Maestro's City Hall (awful, but that's another review) so now our quest hs turned into finding a tuna tartar BETTER than The Mint.  They've set the bar pretty high!
4	came here a few times and was totally impressed.  one night we were there for a friend's bachelorette party and they took such great care of us!  our server was great, the music was perfect and the scene was just what our group needed.  can't wait to go back.
4	The Minit is a lot of fun if you are out with your friends and just feel like drinking and having a good time. Its not a great place to meet people and dont expect people to be very friendly. lol. Good thing is there are a lot of beautiful women walking around, the place has a very cool look, and the outside bar is nice too. Very well designed and as far as a nightclub, this is probably the best in the area.
3	Great place on a Sunday late night (10pm-2am) if your under 30 years old.   If not, go elsewhere.   Music is bumping loud and the DJ is great.  Layout of the place is pretty good with outdoor patio and multiple booths for groups.   Most surfaces are suitable for dancing on.  Bathrooms need some work on staying clean,  are unisex which is kinda cool,  and guys, show respect and lift the toilet lid in a place like this.  Ladies are good looking and bar service was respectable.
1	This past weekend I went to the mint for their 24K brunch which is supposed to be amazing.  Unfortunately I didn't even get the chance to try it.  I walked in with 2 friends and was not even acknowledged by the hostess.  We had to ask for a menu and were rudely handed them.  We asked for a table and she said to seat ourselves so we did.  We were promptly given waters by who I believe was a buser.  We asked to order drinks and he said our server would be right with us.  After 30 minutes we gave up and left. Our server never came.  We asked multiple people where they were and the answer was always that they would be right there. I was appalled that this happened.  I was looking forward to testing this brunch out.  Service is important and The Mint has terrible service.
5	Our Group has enjoyed being a little spoiled at this venue. The staff is always willing to accommodate our large group (of possibly louder than normal Queens. I mean temperamental. Wait, I mean, well-mannered gentlemen).Our bartenders have taken care of the random requests we somehow always seem to come up with after a few drinks. And the taller gentleman with the buzz cut and Amazing Arms can take my money any day. He is HOT!!!If it is a late night drop in just before we call it a night on a Saturday of Thursday the back rooms are a blast to shoot the Sh!t in. Or an early visit to start off the Sunday Funday up in front in one or two of the booths they have available. The Mint will offer a fun experience and I recommend making time to visit the powder room!!!
3	I was a little leery after coming here from a douche-filled bar. The mint is an awesome atmosphere for all. Plenty of room for those than want to dance and a great indoor/outdoor bar for those that want to hang out and have a few drinks. Staff was awesome and the patronage is diverse, but quite friendly.
3	True, it's a nice place, but I've been here quite a few times and it's sooo hit or miss for me. If you've never been, then I guess I would check it out. The first time I ever came here was Labor Day weekend last year, and it was awesome! Fun times. However, seems like each time I come, the experience is less and less enjoyable. The most recent time I came, which was last weekend, is what prompted me to write this review. The bouncers were SO douchy!!!! My friend and I couldn't even get in because we didn't have table reservations. We waited in line for literally at least 40 minutes and they wouldn't let anyone in line in. But they were letting random basic looking girls that would arrive and walk to the front of the line. One of my guy friends showed up and ended up just paying the douchy-bouncer to let us in. REALLY??? Insulting.. I will never stand in line in ARIZONA for that long again. And the music is just OK, but if you drink enough, you'll have a good time.
5	I spend a few nights a week in Old Town, and will always end up at The Mint.  Their door staff, bouncers, and VIP host/hostess are all very nice and have spoiled me to no end, lol!  I like the more upscale vibe here, and was reminded of how well this club sets itself apart from others when I visited another venue just around the corner a week ago.  The D-bag factor was HIGH at the other club, not so much here.  It seems they actually pay attention to who they are letting through the doors at The Mint, which is a welcome reprieve from a lot of clubs in Old Town.  I saw one reviewer's posting about all the seriousness of The Mint's clientele...and while I've witnessed this a couple of times before, I attribute it to what I've experienced in other clubs:  I just get worn down some nights by all the 20-somethings getting flat wasted, making a scene, or hitting on me (I'm 42) and after a solid evening of that I just might be a tad antisocial myself, LOL!  But you generally don't find that at The Mint.  It's a safe place to hear great beats, hang out with good friends, and make a few new friends as well!They have a very good menu too, and I suggest going before club hours to sample it (although their kitchen is open during club hours as well!).  The Mint will ALWAYS be my go-to spot, and I always suggest it to visitors.
2	Lots of hype...lots of disappointmentMaybe because it was Friday, but this place was empty. Cool atmosphere, but the deejay was horrible! He kept mixing the music too fast and the transitions were bad. Just when you would start getting into the song it was being mixed with something random.
2	I was visting my friend in Phoniex, so we went to The Mint.  The line didn't seem very long but it seemed to move extremely slowly.  When I asked the bouncer how long the wait was he said it was hard to say because they were letting in the people with reserved tables first.  Since I hate waiting in line I asked how much a table was and he said they were sold out.  When we got in the place didn't seem very packed.  The place looked pretty, but the dance floor seemed small and broken up with reserved booths.  We ordered chilled shots and wow were they watered down.  The next round we ordered them unchilled and they were stronger.  As far as the music went I would describe it as gay club music without any Lady Gaga or Britney, and without any mixing.  I didn't think it was a gay club...but i could have been wrong?  My friend commented none of the guys were good looking. I responded I see some pretty ones but they are gay!
1	Being a resident of Scottsdale, I try to give all local restaurants & bars a chance. I was incredibly disappointed with The Mint's menu prices and items. We ordered their sizzled shrimp (7 to be exact) which soaked in a dish of sauce, this dish could have been much better had they added rice to this twelve dollar item which would probably cost them little to nothing to add. Instead, you have to pay for a tiny side of rice. The sliders were an asian slider which was soaked in a rice bun. The meat on this "slider" was full of gristle and had tons of lettuce. Last, we were still starving so we ordered dessert. LOL - Let me tell you, we ordered their goat cheese wonton. When they say, "wonton" they mean ONE! The wonton was the size of a quarter and that was it! If this place wants to strive during the week, they need to add a great HH menu and put more food on their dishes. A huge disappointment!!
3	Lyndsie Lou 's review below was spot on. Not wanting to be redundant, I'll add some more but I pretty much agree with what she said. If you are a BBW you may want to reconsider going here.Happy hour food - good prices, awesome food. They have some wine special during happy hour that's pretty awesome, but I stick w/Vodka. The 4 of us were in a booth outside and it was awesome - excellent servers. I forgot what time it was , but they kicked us out since someone had the booth reserved for the evening - that's no biggie - I'm not gonna be a dick but they could have warned us instead of bringing the goons over and just telling us we had to leave right then and there.  How about  being like the considerate airline pilot who makes the announcement to give you 15 minutes to take care of business before putting the seat belt light on for descent ? Oh, that's right, pilots are educated and professional and have common sense.I went to the bar and got a vodka/redbull - $10. Absolutely outrageous - that's probably the last non-happy hour drink I'll have there.Oh, and there's only 1 bathroom - so girls you will have guys there to watch you re-apply your makeup but don't worry the stalls are enclosed rooms. Urinals off to the right in a separate area.
2	Normally I stay far away from clubs, but my cousin's maid of honor picked this place for her bachelorette party (former sorority girl- go figure), and my curiosity was piqued. I figured I would get some entertainment as an outside observer.Wrong! We arrived around 10pm on a Thursday, and there wasn't a single customer inside! This is the Old Town hotspot I have been hearing so much about? There wasn't even any music playing.The doormen and hostess were all very nice and were understanding when we hightailed it out of there.
1	Beyond disappointing....Wannabe Heaven...Overpriced ... Bunch of kids running the place... I wonder what it will be called next year after this one fails....
3	It took me a long time to get to The Mint in Scottsdale (it opened more than a year and a half ago), but I finally checked it out recently when I went there for dinner. The bar and restaurant, which seems to have a much bigger crowd during later hours judging by the people spilling onto the patio, is can't-miss from Camelback Road-brightly colored lights glow from the spot, with the spacious patio overlooking the road. The spot is one of the prettiest lounges I've seen, with a Swarovski crystal ball hanging in the entrance and vintage-style portraits adorning the walls. The bar area is huge, with televisions that don't take away from the rest of the striking ambiance, and there are comfy rounded booth seats one of the attractive staff members will seat you at.The Asian-inspired menu is sparse, but The Mint isn't as much about the food as it is about chilling in a sexy atmosphere. It's a place to see and be seen, and the lounge also includes a room for private parties. Be sure to check out the unisex bathrooms-those are always an interesting surprise.When I was there, I ordered the Sizzling Udon ($8), one of the spiciest dishes I've ever had with noodles, carrots, cauliflower and onion in a spicy garlic sauce with basil. My mouth was on fire while I ate it, but it had really great flavors that made it mighty tasty. My only complaint would be that it took forever (at least 20 minutes) to come out, even though the restaurant wasn't packed.My pal got the Sweet Soya ($8), sliced chicken breast with a sweet dipping sauce. He said he enjoyed it, but the portion seemed more like an appetizer than a meal. Know that with most of the menu items-to make a full meal, pair items with a side of rice or a salad.For dessert, we shared the meager Goat Cheese Wontons ($5), a sparse offering that came with a peach puree and powdered sugar. I absolutely loved this dessert-it's probably my favorite dessert I've ever had an Asian restaurant-but the portion was tiny. I'd rather be charged a few bucks more for a bigger portion, because this seemed sad. But I loved every bite of them!I probably wouldn't go back to The Mint for dinner because I thought the menu was pricey for what you get, but I'd stop back for a happy hour. From 3-7 p.m. daily, their menu is $2 off, and drinks are half-price. And for a more buzzing atmosphere, head there on a Friday or Saturday night, where it has always appeared busy to me. If you're into a chic scene with an Asian menu, I'd also suggest trying Geisha A Go Go.
4	Went for pop-up charity sale event.  So not yet had the full-on nightlife experience.    The space is very nice and the food is shockingly nicer done for a bar.  We had the wasabi slider and soy/wasabi chicken. Both were excellent! (color me surprised). The chicken was perfectly marinated and wood grilled, doesn't even need the dip.  The slider was terrific as well though surprising with a dim sum steamed bun style bread.
4	I've only been here for happy hour which is an absolute blast. Great drink prices, service, and relaxing atmosphere. It's usually pretty quiet. The outdoor patio is comfy and classy. I love watching the sunset while sipping on a kettle/soda here after work. I have not been here as a nightspot but my friends tell me great things. The entrance is pretty cool and is definitely different than all the other bars in the area -- it's a bit more upscale. I think the enforce their dress code here pretty consistently. Happy hour is casual attire.They also do brunch here on Sundays which looks yummy and affordable. The bathrooms are co-ed which I forgot about until I turned around from the sink and saw a guy at the other end. (The bathroom is set up so girls are on one side and guys on the other but hey, who doesn't mingle in the bathroom....)
4	I hear all of the cool kids talking about going to The Mint, and being the hip almost 40 year old dude, I thought 'why not'?  So, Lucky, another couple and I hit it!  When we first got there at like 930pm, it was DEAD, yet all of the tables were reserved for bottle service.  Never being one to take 'no' for an answer, I slipped the dude at the front some Monopoly money and got a table and VIP service- meaning I didn't have to pay at the door.  The music was great if you are with annoying people as you can't hear a damn word, but it gives you indirect permission to sweat on people on the dance floor.  I prefer to call my dance moves Sweating to the Dub Step... but I digress.The service was really good and stayed good even as we continued to drink the music away and the place filled as the twenty-somethings started to flow in with their maxed out credit cards.  I didn't mind being the oldest guy in the room as I was probably the only one with a college degree and a real job.  Yet, the ladies were lovely in their tight dresses and heels higher than the little man is long.  The guys were... well, guys, so who cares- especially about the ones that wore tennis shoes and sun glasses in the bar.  Hey retard, this isn't the Jersey Shore.  Put on some nice shoes, lose the sunglasses, then come back and punch the beats (and Snookie).What was odd about The Mint was the split/ co-ed restroom.  It was weird knowing that across the room, the same hotties I was just talking about are sitting 50 feet away dropping deuces while the music played... then you get to wash your hands next to them... kind of cool and progressive, yet kind of creepy in a voyeuristic way.  Not that you see anything, but you know it's happening, you know?The decor was exactly what you might expect... very shiny, lots of cool lights, and high back booths.  Not quite Vegas, but more like Vegas' 2nd cousin.  I guess you could say Vegas with class- which is an oxymoron, I know.So, bottom line, would go I back?  Yes, I definitely would, BUT, I wouldn't stand in line to get in, if that makes sense.  I would either get there early, or get VIP service.  So, I better go print up some more Monopoly money.But, I stumbled out, the door man hailed me a cab, (I hope the young kids were watching how a responsible adult gets home), and went home with fond memories of the bar, confusion about the restroom, a receipt from a huge tab,  and the hottest girl in the entire place, Lucky.
2	I went last Saturday for the first time while celebrating a friend's birthday, and it was an all-around lousy experience.  First of all, I find the whole "velvet rope" thing incredibly tacky, pretentious, childish, etc.  It's one thing to be "at capacity" and another entirely to treat potential customers as if they were in a cattle call.  One member of our group, a male, was let in immediately because he knew the door man.  The rest of us stood in line for 30-some minutes. Setting aside how very rude it was for that "friend" of the birthday girl to ditch her like that rather than insisting she be admitted with him, it was clear that the door man was lying through his teeth about the place being full.  When I called him on it, he said, "I can only let girls in now--we have too many guys inside."  Wait, what?It was not as if we were dressed inappropriately for a night club--we'd just come the rooftop at the W, for pete's sake (another place I've no intention of frequenting by choice)  To add insult to injury, my boyfriend and I were DYING to go to use a restroom.  Of course, two minutes after we stepped out of line to see if we could find one, the rest of our group got in.  No way in hell was I going to stand in that line all over again, but the dick at the door couldn't have cared less.  Luckily, the folks waiting at the front (who had been behind us earlier) took pity and let us get in front of them. Eventually the door guy got tired of hearing me say, "Look, you already let our party in" and let us in.Once inside, I thought, "Jesus, what do all of these people see in this place?"  Whoever designed the space has clearly confused gaudy for classy--ironically--given the name of the joint, everything looked really cheap, and the employees' dress didn't match the image I believe the Mint aspires to.  Oh, and I forgot to mention that we had to pay ten bucks just to get in.  And after all of that crap, we had to leave five minutes later because one of our friends felt ill. (No wonder)  In sum, I'd say The Mint epitomizes everything about Snottsdale that people rightly mock.  If your sense of self depends on being cool enough to get past a velvet rope, then you'll be in good company at this place.
1	Are you kidding me. I refuse to wait in a line for a 6 to one 1 ratio and over priced drinks. Never come here
4	I went here as a guest as ASU's Young Alumni "Not Going Back to School" event. I had tried to get in on a Saturday night a few weeks prior and it was impossible. I'm not sure if it was because of the time (12:30am, in Scottsdale on a Saturday) or because I wasn't good looking enough for their Saturday crowd. I don't care.My second experience was so much better though. The hostesses were polite and the decor was very swank. I liked the set up of table and lounge areas snaked about the floor and the front bar was racked with great stuff. I have never experienced a boy/girl bathroom so that threw me a bit. I liked the vibe inside, but the patio was the best part. Little cabanas with lush couches and plenty of long tables ot have a group dinner and drinks with smaller couches about too. The waitresses were really attentive too, pretty and friendly. At 7pm they turn on these gas powered fire lanterns that line the outside rim of the couch area. That was a cool effect. The event I was there for was over happy hour so I paid (plus tip) $12 for 3 drinks. For Scottsdale, I won't complain but I was  not about to order any more drinks after happy considering the size of the glasses they were served in.I heard the do $10 mimosas on Sundays so I'd like to check that out, it was a cool not too stuffy but still upscale fell and I'd go back.
2	Went in on a Thursday night to celebrate a friend's birthday; the time was between 12 and 2 and it wasn't very busy at all. Got the idea of very high class and swankiness and I liked the exclusivity of the bar I could feel. I also liked the co-ed bathroom; they were confusing at first but quite cool. I had a great time and really enjoyed the atmosphere, set up and theme of the place. However, that is where my good experience ends. Headed up to the bar to get a drink, the bartender was helping some guests. He looked bored, tired and almost aggravated that he had to be working. After finishing up with the guests next to me he lazily looked around, made eye contact with me, turned around and then READ AND RESPONDED TO A TEXT MESSAGE on his iPhone. He then took my drink order. During my time waiting I had noticed him pouring three Ketel One shots for the group next to me - on the POS screen I saw the total at $10. When I ordered my drink, a Moscow Mule, I was poured some unidentifiable well liquor and charged $14. WTH!!! That's ridiculous and I don't want to diss an establishment, but seriously! Not the slightest bit fair. I probably won't be coming back anytime soon.
4	This place was fun.  DJ was cool.  didnt have to wait on a long line because we had bottle service.  I liked the outside area if you wanted to get away from the loud music for a second.  What was cool was the servers had to pour your drinks for you.  The bottles had a locking device on them that you couldnt pour your own drink.  They were very tentative with making sure your glass was full and re-filling the mixers.  It was a cool place to dance.  I did not find it to be over crowded.  I would recommend this "club" to anyone visiting the city it s a cool place to go.  I did not eat there lol :)
1	I came here on Sunday morning with my boyfriend for brunch after hearing about how great their sunday brunch was.To start this horrible experience off, we sat at the bar and it took the bartender about 3 minutes to even acknowledge us (the bar was pretty empty) We had to ask him for menus and he just set them down and turned away from us to continue watching the tv. I ordered a bloody mary and it took him all about 30seconds to make it, it was absolutely disgusting. We ordered 2 different brekfast plates and it took about 15minutes for it to come. The food was brought out and sat on the side of the bar for a good 2 minutes before the bartender went over to get it and bring it to us, he was too busy stuffing his face in the opposite corner of the bar. The food was mediocre, nothing special at all. Never once was asked how everything was tasting because all of the bartender's attention was focused on friends of his also sitting at the bar. I mentioned to my boyfriend how terrible my bloody mary was and the bartender must have overheard me, he turned around and gave me a dirty look. The appropriate response should have been to ask if he could make me another drink, not give dirty looks, very unacceptable. Not one of the 3 bartenders even said goodbye as we were leaving. My boyfriend and I are both bartenders in the industry and are very generous tippers when we receive great service, to say the least I think our $3 tip was even too much. This will be the first and last time I will ever come to the Mint.
3	I've had so much hope for this place.  I've been here several times and always leave disappointed.  The parking situation around Old Town sucks and the Mint is no different.  Unless you get there super early, it's impossible to find a close parking spot.  Also, they are really lackadaisical with their dress code during the weekdays.  The Better Half and I stopped in one night on a Wednesday and there were guys in baseball hats and t-shirts screaming and yelling on the patio like they just came from the ghetto.  I asked our server why they were allowed inside and she said "our dress code isn't really enforced during the week"....great.  It would have been nice to know that before we ordered a bottle of Wine.  Instead of a nice evening on the patio, it felt like an ASU tailgate.  If we wanted that scene, we would have went to Majerle's or El Hefe.The food here is so/so....the menu has a limited selection to choose from.  After dining here 3 times we basically were tapped out for choices.  Service here is spotty at best.  We had great service one night and horrible service the other 5 times.The best thing this place has going for it is the scene.  It definitely brings out the beautiful people and celebs.  However, be prepared to shell out beaucoup $$$ if you want to party with them.Overall, it gets 3 Stars from me.Return Factor - 50%
1	I have been here once before and found it to be pretentious and too pricey. I decided to return and give it one more chance armed with a Groupon this time. We figured if we use our coupon on a weeknight, how bad could it be. Well, it was pretty bad, because the place was closed. I looked on their website and on Yelp, and neither had correct information on their hours, in fact their own website does not even list hours of operation. Seriously? So, needless to say we drove all the way down there for nothing, and my freaking Groupon expired. Hello, restaurant 101...tell the customers hours of operation on your website and/or have a message on the house phone. Neither for this place. Makes me wonder if it is still in business considering the way it looked inside, but who knows, because you cannot find out any accurate information anywhere. : (
4	Another place I tend to avoid on the overly-busy weekends. However, Wednesday night at Mint is just right. Great patio seating!
4	Sometimes I find myself stumbling in here on a Friday or Saturday night. The decor is posh and the clientele usually shows up trying to look their best, which are both things I can appreciate when I'm going out. From what I can tell the drink prices are about the same as any other place in old town Scottsdale.
4	Fun place!  The service is great, the outside patio is awesome, and the drinks are strong.  They have a coed bathroom which is a bit odd but a surprisingly good place to meet people, no specific dance floor (so people just dance anywhere) and their drinks are pretty expensive, but overall, a very fun night out.
3	The decor is modern and stylish and the help is very attractive also. I only wish the food measured up. We started off with the truffled edamame which were very tasty and very good and then to a road of mediocrity. The Korean Pork Sliders where fair and the sauce was not even noticeable and the ginger slaw that accompanied it had no ginger taste. The Apple Cider Salmon was overdone and and the side salad with miso dressing not even there. I guess for being a hip young restaurant the food is bland and made for a nursing home...no spices or tastes. We sat on the patio with music being pumped out and the speaker system was very poor with crackles and hisses. They seem to already need a new sound system with speakers. I recommend it only if you want to go to a very cool looking bar and want some drinks but then again there are many more beautiful places to get a drink in Scottsdale with great views and not sitting on a patio overlooking a street while cars are driving by.
4	Been to The Mint a few times and always a good time. Took our sales staff there last Friday for our annual meeting and booked the private room.  Such a great venue and superbly designed. The food was very good and the drinks were even better. Our server "L" was on the ball, made sure everyone was happy and she was genuinely nice!Amazingly the bill was half of what we usually spend due to their HH pricing.
2	I'm from out of town, but that doesn't mean that I don't know a good bar. I used to promote for bars and this is EXACTLY the kind of place that I would steer people away from. The atmosphere is VERY pretentious, and it is what I would consider a middle class college bar. Every person around me that spoke to me, or that I spoke to made me feel like chances are there is no hope left for humanity.The drinks were good as far as quantity and price are concerned. I'll put that in the plus category.If there was one thing here that stuck out to me the most it was the abhorrent music selection and the drunk people throwing up in the booths on the patio. If ever I find myself in Phoenix I will not be back.
4	It can be difficult to rate a lounge like this since my friends and I were here for less than an hour, but it seems like a fun place.  I am more curious about going back for dinner or happy hour though.  Girl's night out sounds like a plan.
4	Was here for an early (7-10pm) event. Great venue at that time of the night. The outdoor wraparound patio is a great touch (if its not too crowded to move) and the unisex bathrooms are a must see as well. Beers were only $4, but I did have a special wristband to get those prices. Gotta like the fire element as well on the patio. Overall, probably a good place to do happy hour or start early unless you want to wait til after 10pm when the real Scottsdale crowd starts arriving (not for this kid).
4	Wow what a scene. We came early for dinner and ate on the patio - which is very nice. The food is decent, but not mind blowing. As we were leaving the crowds started to line-up, with people dressed like they were going to the goddamn Oscars. smh
4	So we went here Saturday for a friends birthday got table service which was awsome, very hip place,  Bathrooms were cool.. Great space for as crowded as it was.  down fall very expensive. Would definetley go again. would like to try there happy hour menu.
5	Great for dinner before the music starts!
5	Very cool place.
4	Out with the some friends on a Friday night headed to an event held at The Mint, when we got the close to The Mint, we found out that parking sort of sucks, good luck finding a spot! We did get lucky and parked lil south of Don & Charles.  But yea downtown Scottsdale should have put a bigger public parking area with more than 15 spaces. The Mint is an interesting building, guess it used to be a bank and now it's turned into this restaurant/bar/club, I have to tell you I loved it, I like the way it's decorated, the place has a good vibe, and the patio area is nice, like the lounge sofa seating.  They do have a coed bathroom; I didn't experience it myself, but heard about it. For this evening, if we checked into Yelp and showed the bartender, we were able to get a buy one get one free on our drinks, how can you go wrong with that!  Service was great, the place was nice, look forward to going back!
5	I Love this place. Its a very classy place to hang out and lounge during the day time and when you wanna dress up to the 9s its a fun night club at night. I really enjoy the management and find the staff to be very helpful and friendly.
2	I went to the Mint with my family when they were visiting from NY.  We thought that it would be a really fun place to go.  We went around 6pm (right in time for happy hour) and we were the ONLY people in the whole place.  My mom had purchased 2 Travelzoo certificates and asked the server if we could use both - it did say on the certificates that we could not - but she asked anyway.  The server asked the manager and he was nice and did point out that we couldnt.  Understood.  Rules are rules.  Well, during our stay - the man who I am assuming was the manager, was sitting at the bar with a big bandage across his nose.  EIther he had just had a nose job or had gotten into a fight the night before.  Not sure which.  We sat outside and had a clear view of him sitting at the bar trying to talk, eat, and drink with this nasty bandage on his nose.  Sometimes its just better to take a day off then to come into work and gross out the only customers there.  The food and drink was great.  We were waiting for our check, then we hear this hysterical crying and screaming inside.  Some girl was sobbing and ran to the bandaged manager.  All of the servers gathered around.  It was totally unprofessional.  This went on for over 10 minutes while we sat there and waited for our check.  On our way out the front door, the bandaged manager and the sobbing girl were sitting on the front stairs.  We actually had to walk around them to get out to the car.  My mom even asked if she was ok.  Not something you want to see while you are eating, drinking and visiting with family at all.
2	I was there for a friends' birthday party recently and it was pretty dead on a weekend night while other bars just down the street were filled to the max and seemed like a really good time. At one point I went into the bathroom and it smelled so incredibly bad. I feel that a unisex bathroom should have candles or air fresheners to keep it smelling fresh. But honestly, unisex bathrooms are getting old to me. They don't seem to promote cleanliness because they are never clean. It seems like the bathroom situation at a night club would be more effective if the hall wasn't clogged with drunk men and women at the same time.This place gives off a cold vibe from the moment you walk in the door. The bartenders are rather stuck up and don't seem overly attentive. I had been here in 2011 when The Mint was newer and had a better experience, but I feel like it's going downhill. I hope no one else plans their birthday party for this location anytime soon.
2	I went to happy hour a while ago for a friends bday and showed up late and everyone was complaining about the service.  I figured they were just being hard critics so I tried to be super nice to the waitress when she came.  I asked if they had any flavored vodka and she had no clue and had to go off and dissapeared for 15 minutes. When we went to ask a manager where she had went he said "I don't know she's a f*cking idiot". Very innapropriate. She finally came back and some people that just showed up in our group wanted to order food but everything looked so good they could not make a decision and asked if she could make any suggestions. Her response was "I don't know. I don't eat here. I'm on a very strict diet". Not at all helpful. Couldn't even suggest what's popular for people who do actually eat there. I was completely blown away by the service from everyone who worked there. They all seemed to have an attitued that the customers where a bother and didn't matter. By far worst service i've had anywhere. The only reason I gave it two stars is because the food is amazing.
5	I love this bar, super upscale and great service when you get table service.  We felt like kings and the place got packed pretty late.  It wasn't busy early but there are so many bars in the area to start at but I highly recommend ending up here.  Isaac took great care of us and went out of his way to make us feel like VIP.  The place is pretty large and has a great outdoor patio as well.  You definitely feel classy when you are in this place.
2	Club is a great place to pick up an old lady or sugar daddy for a few hours. Bathrooms are the only nice thing about this place.
1	If you are ever curious what people mean about the Scottsdale reputation, give this place a looksee, otherwise, do stay clear of this place unless you proudly consider yourself part of this population.I went here with a group of nine. There were about eight people ahead of us... And it took about 40 min to reach the front of the line. Why might you ask? I'm not sure. Lines started to form next to our line and across from us... And then there was one for VIP people or people with reservations. And they all got to go ahead of us.When we were finally at the front, they only let two of us go in at a time and it took about 5 to 10 min before the next two got to go in... The girls got in for free, and the three guys I came with let us go in first. When it was their turn, they had to pay $10 which they were not aware of. By now they have stood in line for almost an hour and the place was gonna close in 50 min. So needless to say, they said screw it and left. Meanwhile, I was inside and checked the place out. Very small dance floor. Lots of lounging areas. Everyone here is dressed to show their assets. This place was just 'too cool' for me. Never again.
2	At one time, The Mint was something worth waiting to get in line to, it looked classy, the unisex bathrooms was sexy (reminded me of the defunct Universal Nightclub in Hillcrest in San Diego, CA), and it just looked nice. Fast forward to October 2013, and their bouncers are still douches. So, prior, to the "revamp", there were lines and yes, the bouncers were douches BUT bribery was not as blatant. It's far more blatant now, it's practically encouraged. I was here last Saturday, and got there before the long lines, it was myself and four ladies. What bothered me about their exclusion methods was that they were letting in groups of guys bribe their way in moreso than groups that had a 3 girls to 1 guy ratio in the GA (General Admission) line. I get it, table service should get in, and guestlist (sure, why not) but groups of testosterone, seriously? I saw way too many guys getting in that it made me chuckle coz it felt it was a gay club posing as a straight club. Yea, I may sound annoyed but I was surprised my group had to wait 40 minutes to get in. I thought nightclubs want ladies in their club moreso than guys, since, um guys are gonna buy drinks for the ladies, right? isn't that how straight clubs work? Anywho, it's a shame, the revamp didn't improve it's inside, it's darker, the unisex bathroom no longer has the sexy appeal (the night I was there, it seems they did away with the champagne bar, and made it into a regular mixed cocktails and beer station). drink prices are typical Scottsdale, glass of champagne and wine were $10. Music was a mix of EDM and Hip-Hop courtesy of DJ Aaron Taylor of 104.7 FM. If you're into douches, creepsters, and the attempt to be an exclusive club, The Mint is totally your scene and if not, there's still other clubs that are better.
2	Don't know what's so good about this place anymore.  The food used to be great when they first started, but after years of changing ownerships, the food services started to drop.  Used to be good waiting in line to get into the place, now it's not a fun idea to wait in line anymore when they aren't even busy at all.  All their bouncers are just bad at their job, it's suppose to be a hospitality place inviting people into their place, now they are just turning people away.  You have to tip them a lot to get in, this is NOT Vegas, this is Scottsdale.  Stop thinking that people in Arizona will spend a lot of money going to a dump place like this.  Time to find a new place to go on the weekend.  This place should just go rot in hell.
5	So I came on a Saturday night and this place was - amazing! I have been to almost all of the clubs in old town and I have to say this is by far one of the best.I always go mainly to dance and this place was packed and everyone who was on the dance floor danced! Sometimes people are mingling on the dance floor, talking, or only slightly putting effort (in other words, taking up prime space) but people here actually danced! It seems silly, but this is amazing. It encourages other people to do the same and gives a highly energetic vibe to this place. Very attractive. Like people just don't give a f*** and want to have a good time. That's exactly how I like it.The atmosphere was not only created by the enthusiastic crowd but the incredible lighting as well. Ethereal is the best word for it - not too dark, not too bright for the dance floor, and then outside of the dance floor, just bright enough and yet still somehow maintained very low-lighting. I'm not sure how they achieve this balance, but I'm pretty sure it's magic. The decor, appearance, and condition of this place is absolutely gorgeous. The way it was designed is stunning, like a Victoria Secret's model - glamorous, sexy, laced with elegance, and bejeweled with luxury. I also love the layout of this place. Once you enter, you hit the dance floor, which is circular like Maya's, those are the best (between the people and setting, it was the most comfortable dance floor I have ever danced on - people who just wanted to have fun, danced, were very attractive, and chill). You can then go around the dance floor to the bars to get a drink or continue all the way to the back to get a break from dancing. Back there is an extremely nice lounge area where you can lay back, relax, and have a drink and chat. I can't express how much I love this large lounge area in the back, I adore it, I adore it, I adore it. It has so much space, room, and (comfortable!) seating with intimate couches and spinning chairs and it's like a glamorous, long, break room or like another club all together. Yes I love dancing, but hell I need a break for water and a chat too! The bathrooms are back there as well. For those that need it, there's also a long and large outdoor patio with seating.By the dance floors there are actually platforms which you can stand on and dance on, sometimes my friends and I dance on them. They're really convenient when the actual dance floor gets too crowded and you can just hop on one of those. But I do believe they're actually for the go-go dancers that come on Wednesday night. Oops, owell haha. Alright, so I actually did not order a drink here or use the bathroom which are kind of my requirements for giving an honest to goodness complete review, so I'll be back to update on drink prices and quality and whatnot. Honestly I just danced the night away this visit, and loved every second of it. WILL BE BACK. Love you Mint. Oh yeah, and the cover charge for men is $10, while women pay nada. Woo. Love it. The lines were rather short, I think I waited 10 minutes tops. And the people at the front were very friendly and nice, no attitude whatsoever.Possibly because of the cover charge, there were more women than men - whoa rare I know, and there was a variety of ethnicities, so all in all, great mix. In addition to that, it was the first time where I had seen more than 3 attractive guys at a club, haha. Lots of attractive people here, men and women. I don't know what it is but I guess a good looking and feeling club attracts good looking and feeling people. How else could you explain it. First and only club I've seen so many good looking people!I'm coming back here asap. Next weekend. Doing this. Every weekend. If possible. Sorry Maya, Smashboxx, and INTL, but I found a better lover. We can keep it an open relationship if you'd like. I don't mind.
4	So this Saturday I bought an AMF which was terrible but regularly priced. Then I had a Kamikaze shot which was also terrible. My friend also didn't like her drinks. So this place is definitely NOT for drinking.I danced again here and felt completely comfortably again. If you aren't comfortable just move around on the dance floor and the guys don't harass you or bouncers will intervene. So overall, GREAT for dancing BAD for drinking. Just go to Roxy and International for drinks, they have the best and tastiest, they definitely know how to mix their drinks! THEN come to The Mint to dance! ;)Just an fyi, the bathrooms are unisex, so they aren't the cleanest (I prefer a separate ladies room) but it's high end quality and the wait wasn't long.
2	Epic fail.  11pm on a Friday and no one here.  The owner's kids are behind the bar monitoring bottles and acting like hot shots.  $8 for a $2 drink.  Empty dance floor.
4	I don't feel FULLY at liberty to make a full Yelp-worthy review for Mint as I was highly intoxicated on Saturday night, but I will do my best.We met ppl here who did have bottle service, so no lines to wait (plus for me and my braced up knee!). Music was cool and had good systems. Pretentious? Absolutely. Great for ppl watching? Most def. Service there was great, IMO. Just not my crowd, is all. :)
5	I LOVE this place! Came here with some of my boys last night and had an awesome time. The atmosphere was very sophisticated and classy but people were still there to have a great time. Cocktail waitresses were very friendly and helpful and no one hesitated to help out or answer a question.  Great overall venue.
3	It was ok! Like the co-ed bathroom set up but other than that it wasn't nothing special!! Boring music, expensive weak drinks! Had more fun pre-gaming at Zipps! Staff isn't the nicest either!
1	This place is a joke. They opened was a joke and closed for remodeling then they opened again and still joke. No place to dance, horrible music, and expensive drinks give it couple months and they will close their doors forever. I went there ones and you will never see me there again. There are better places in town which happily will take our money and show us great time.
3	The name Mint caught our attention, and that was the reason why we came to check it out when we were out in Scottsdale. A group of us got here around 11pm, no cover charge. Great. They have 2 bars that I seeked while walking around before hitting the dance floor. There are a few bottle services by the DJ and on the bottom floor. No idea how much, but shouldn't be as expensive as LA price. I mean.. come out now, the deserts drink prices were cheaper than Cali in general. Music were update, drinks were fairly strong. Only I did not like was the sticky floors around the high tables. Ugh, drunk people needs to know NOT to waste alcohol :(Overall, poppin place! If you are a smoker, smoke outside and away from the doors!
2	The venue itself is nice but thats about it. The lines are crazy. The staff is rude. The drinks are overpriced and not even strong. And worst of all..the people..are as fake as it gets! People dont go here to dance and have fun. They go to cause drama and see who can be the most fake. If you're a typical scottsdale barbie you will like this place.
5	I don't know why everyone is giving this club such bad ratings.  It seems as though the general feel is that it's stuffy and stuck up, expensive and long lines.I didn't feel that at all. On the contrary it's a refreshingly upscale club with a Vegas atmosphere.  Phoenix doesn't have a lot of these style clubs so it was so nice to come accross it. It's about time Phoenix stepped up its game a little! I would definitely go back. We had a great time and the bar in the bathroom?! Don't mind if I do!
2	Meh. I've experienced better pretty much covers it.It was my first time at Mint and also my last. I've never seen such a sloppy group of drunk people! When I went onto the dance floor I felt like I was actual PREY. Like, literally, I was being stalked and about to be pounced on. lolI also asked myself later in the night if anyone was sober enough to hold a real conversation with me. And after looking around a bit, decided the answer to that was, no.There was one guy who was sitting in a chair outside with his head in his hands. He was not feeling so well! And then outside another guy was laying right on the concrete. What the....? We are adults, why are we getting as smashed as the ASU college kids?! Sorry, not WE, but YOU. lolThe building itself is actually really nice and well built but the people are just questionable all around. I'm ashamed having spent a night there but I wouldn't have known otherwise. The drinks, music, bartenders, hostesses "", and bouncers, I really didn't have any issues with or complaints about. Everything was smooth-going with the employees.
1	Valet was full, had to self park and pay the same price as their valet even though we were going to their club. First time at the mint and the front entrance guy said he's never heard of Yelp or the offer on the Yelp profile. Please take it down or delete your business profile from YELP. The general mgr or business owner shoulder educate this guy. Tries to sell us bottle services and we left their club in less than an hour, it just wasn't happening. Many more clubs on the block.
4	GREAT for dancing!Drinks were decent and normally priced for scottsdale.Bouncers and Bartenders were nice, no complaints.Line gets extremely LOOOONG after 11 pm.But it's worth it, DJ spins nothing but the latest songs and the women aren't bad looking either. Def going back.
4	Saturday night was packed but still enough room to walk around without being shoved and pushed too much. We had VIP all night so that was great. The music was good & so was the atmosphere. Everyone was friendly including the workers. They were extremely kind. Oh & the crowd here is a lot more mature than el hefe, probably another reason to like it.
3	So this was my first time actually clubbing in scotsdale, Arizona.  My best friend usually takes me out to mills whenever I come to visit her in AZ. Her Co workers seemed to be here so we decided to link up with them. We got here a bit after 11 & there was no cover charge & no waiting in line for us girls. The bouncer was really nice to us, as for the bartenders..... horrible! Bad servicing from all the lady bartenders there & their drinks are overpriced! Cocktails, spirits, shots, & even mixed drinks are all the same, $11! But the dj was pretty cool tho. More edm music than hip hop if you ask me. But it was to my taste so I gave them an extra star. Nice venues but a bit smaller than the ones ice been to in vegas and the ones back home in the bay.
1	The employees are so rude. They never told us you could buy a table until they kicked us out of the table we where in. We got here when they opened but got booted for someone who got here over 2 hours late. Rude and disrespectful. They keep saying its the hottest night club in Scottsdale, but I guarantee they made that up. Too many bars very close that HAVE to be better.
1	This place sucks. The bouncers just look at cash and that's it they won't let you in unless you pay for it. They purposely stall the lines so you're contemplating tipping them or leaving. You gotta do what you gotta do but its a lot of hassle trying to get into this place for something that's really not better then other clubs. I will say there marketing is really good they market the place as a very "this is the place to be" club. I knew one of the bouncers there and purposely stack the lines to give the off that "hot club status appearance ". If you can get in early enough or even spot the bouncers 50 bucks or 100 bucks depending on the night to go check it out.
5	Was amazing! So much FUN! Classy place. Loved the setup. Free photo booth was great! Such a fun Birthday! :) Was hard to find a spot to park though but that just means it is a hopping place!
4	It's surprising to see so many negative reviews about this place!  First of all, I thought the DJ was great & it was a nice looking club.  The setup was very upscale & I like that it had a nice outdoor area.  The only thing I wasn't too thrilled about was the unisex restroom.  Maybe there were separate restrooms on the other side but I didn't see them.Also, bouncer helped me "escape" a very persistent drunk guy which was very much appreciated since I had accidentally lost my friends for a bit.  I would definitely come back here if I were back in the area.
3	My only complaint about this place is the drink prices. They are pretty outrageous, and they should consider lowering them to attract more people, and keep them coming back. We paid like $12 for a red bull and vodka and it isn't even real red bull (its the less expensive version Rock star). My friends and I would go there more often if it wasn't for that one little thing, because we love the way it looks, and everything else about it. We just can't justify going there any more when there are comparable clubs that are more reasonably priced.
2	This place has great overall appearance and It does get hoppin at night.. The only problem I have is charging $6 dollars for a bottle of coors light! REALLY? I don't care how high class you are.. Also from reading some other reviews I must agree with some of the ladies... I looked around one night and there are alot of dudes.. I mean alot of horn dog dudes.. Ive seen a dog with better manners.. Just rethink prices and don't charge people ridiculous amounts of money just to pay for your renovations and repairs..
4	I thought this was a really nice club. It was very crowded but the crowd did not bother me at all. I normally hate Old Town Snottsdale with a passion but this club was tolerable. I loved the little outfits the waitresses and bar tenders wore. Very cute and sexy. My drink was good and the bartenders were nice and I loved the music.
5	Love coming here for our staff outings. The drinks and music are always great and I really like their staff! Everyone is really nice and helpful and willing to go out of their way to provide good service. Definitely good party place and a great place to do bottle service!
2	I music could have been a bitter and not so load. How can you even talk to the girls. And it seem really techno. Like every song. Switch it up bro. And the woman look like street hooker. Made me very comfortable especially on a date. They need some better class for there lady's. It felt like a strip club not a bar club. Thanks
1	Wow.... Pull up in 150k car and get rude service.... Sorry no parking unless you pay me 50 tip for finding you a spot.... The reviews are right.... I live and party in multiple cities around the world and this is 2nd rate club trying to be equal of a crappy downtown DC club.... 2nd rate for sure... stay away...
4	Fun place to go on Wednesdays, they have party bus options which include VIP and a table. Awesome music and the atmosphere is upscale and classy
5	After coming here for 7 months I thought it was time to update my review. The Mint in action: http://youtu.be/TKcWrmqhc-4?t=21sAfter getting on the guest list (the VIP numbers can be found on their website @ TheMintaz.com) the entrance lines were not a problem. Remember to text the first and last name of your guests including yourself and what day you will be arriving before 9pm the night of your arrival, and get into the Guest list line (on the right side of the front door) not the General admission line (on the left side of the front door). There still is no cover charge for ladies, for men it's $10.The best way to describe the expected dress code is "smart casual." Usually for men, no sneakers or slogan shirts like you can get away with at El Hefe or Hi-Fi. Try nice jeans and a button down. For women, a dress and heels is the safest way to go. They do actually turn down people if you don't meet the dress code. The bartenders of which I have had bad experiences with have since left and I now don't have any complaints with drinks. I need to make a shout out to Lynsie for being an amazing bartender, that lil lady can make some fine cocktails. Ask for her, if you want your drink done right. Of course the drink prices are a bit pricey but they'll be the same price at Hi-Fi, Bottled Blond, Maya, or anywhere else on that side of old town Scottsdale.The bathrooms have since been better taken care of and are therefore cleaner. I actually enjoy that it's a unisex bathroom, not that I do anything in there, but it's quirky and different. They don't serve champagne in there anymore but the staff is still as friendly as ever. Plus, if you enter from the men's side, the 2nd stall on the left is the original bank vault, you can see the mechanisms of the vault if you use that stall. As for which nights to come, from my experience Wednesday nights are the only nights which have The Mint go-go dancers. Wednesday nights also have the youngest crowd since The Mint party buses come in that night. That crowd is usually in their early 20's. On Wednesday nights the party usually starts at midnight and as the night progresses the crowd gets a little older as more people make it in. Once on a Wednesday night there was actually a rave here, it was weird but interesting. Even the go-go dancers were in rave gear. So I'm pretty sure Wednesday night is to cater to a  relatively "young" crowd. Also, the front entrance lines are short Wednesday nights if you come before 11:30. Friday nights have an older crowd. This crowd is usually in their 30's and 40's. The dance floor has lots of room this night as well, in case you don't like stuffy dance floors or crowds. The front entrance lines aren't bad Friday nights either.Saturday nights have the most mixed crowd. I'd say it's equally distributed according to age and anywhere between the early 20's to late 40's. Saturday nights are also the busiest so the front entrance lines are extremely busy. As mentioned previously, get on the guest list! Even on the guest list sometimes I have to wait 15 minutes. If you want to beat the lines, get here before 11. Inside, the place is completely packed, sardine packed, so good luck finding room on the dance floor. If you noticed. I didn't mention DJ's. That's because each night isn't dedicated to hip hop or EDM or Latin like some clubs (especially in downtown Phoenix). Wednesday, Friday, and Saturday nights usually have a mix of EDM and hip hop. Sometimes they'll have an EDM DJ or a hip hop DJ  that solely plays their one genre, but that's rare. I'm going to say what keeps me coming back is definitely the staff. After coming for a couple of months they recognize you right away, and always greet me with a smile. The staff in the bathroom, bars, and guys that take care of the tables are also great. I just find the ladies that take care of the tables still rude instead of nudging politely to get where they need to go, they push. The security are also great, they catch anyone who's making a scene or bothering someone right away, they're very keen and efficient! If a mess has also been made, staff are on that immediately. The patio outside is a great place for the non-dancers to chat. The patio usually has a fire during the Winter and in the Summer they have a large fan, so they do keep the weather in mind. I think misters would be a nice addition. I also took almost all of my friends here and have converted 99% of them. Their favorite clubs used to be Smahboxx, Maya, or INTL but with one night, they converted to Mint. So even if I want to go to another club, they now just want to go to Mint. Oh no, what have I done. Haha. But that's alright.  Well, all I have to say is give Mint a chance, I used to also believe it to be one of those "pretentious nightclubs" but after some adventuring and trying it out, it's far from it. Get on the guest list and I'm sure you'll have fun.
4	I like the Mint...very trendy! The co-ed bathroom (with the champagne bar (that's right)) is a must see! lol. The DJ was on POINT! I danced that whole night! Wasn't too crowded at first, but as it got closer to midnight the club was banging! The indoor/outdoor bar was happening. Table service available for all you bawlers!
5	This is probably one of my favorite places in oldtown scottsdale. The bartenders make great drinks and the music is really good.
1	I will not recommend this place. It has a small dance floor that gets crowded and you will not be able dance at all. I got 2 drinks, a shot and a mixed drink. The drinks didn't have any alcohol, it was like ordering a sweeten iced tea. The DJ played bad music that instead of make you want to dance you just wanted to sit. However, if you are looking for a place to sit down than this is it.
4	Came here on a Saturday night at around 11:30 pm with small group of 4. Fortunately, my friend got us on the guest list so we got to wait in the shorter line on the right side of the entrance. There was a cover of $10 for guys and ladies were free I believe.There is a dress code. So for guys, I would say a MINIMUM is a nice pair of jeans, non-tennis shoes, and collared shirt. I did see some guys suited up, so if that's your style you won't be too left out. Most of the ladies I saw inside were dressed pretty well with short, sexy dresses and heels. Once we got inside, it was pretty packed. Still got a drink (a bit overpriced) in a reasonable amount of time though. The DJ was really good and played a mix of EDM and R&B/Hip Hop. I appreciated it. I can only fist pump for so long. The bathroom is clean and unisex. I was really confused at first when I walked in, but quickly figured it out. The men's urinals is behind a wall so you aren't in full view of the women's side (fortunately or unfortunately? Up to you I guess.) The outside patio seemed nice, but once I stepped out, I got hit by a wave of smoke from everybody smoking cigarettes and quickly walked back inside. Left around 1 am, and the place was still pretty packed and lots of people were dancing. Overall, with the decor, ambiance, crowd, and music, it reminded me of one of the nicer clubs I would see in Vegas or LA. Would go here again. Like other reviewers said though, get your name on some kind of guest list though. The general admissions line is just way too long.
5	If you're going to get a drink make sure you see Mr. Ray Damper! Best bartender of all time! Ask him to do his secret dance for you!
1	What a horrible horrible place. They make you wait in line when nobody is inside the bar. Meanwhile, they let dozens of people in the front with no issue. They're trying to be LA or Vegas. Complete failure.
1	I am waiting for one of the underage children to get in a horrendous accident and this place get shut down. The "promoter" for this club gets girls who he KNOWS are underage.  I personally am disgusted with their practices and if it continues will most definitely report them to the authorities.
4	I was with an awesome friend that got us in VIP, so the experience was much better. It was a typical high-end crowded club, with dancers, loud music, and $10 Absolute drinks. Coming from a person that went to clubs in Chicago, this place is great if you have the money.
1	PEOPLE GET SHOT HERE!!!!  Yeah you read that right!  Shot as in bullets not drinks.  Before I tell you about that let me tell you all the other issues I have with this place.I used to come here years ago when it first opened and loved it.  They had a strict dress code, friendly employees, and a great layout.  The crowd was fun and classy.  That light chandelier an coed bathrooms was different and cool.  Then they started getting a little relaxed on the dress code and the crowd started getting different.  Almost every time I went a fight would take place and that's when my friends and I would change venues.  I went from going every week, to every few weeks.  The employees went from being friendly and classy to disrespectful and rude.  Finally it got to the point that my friends and I decided Mint was not for us.  Too many other options to deal with the drama at mint.  Apparently we were not the only ones that stopped going to Mint because they later closed for a "Remodel" which everyone knows that means business is lacking so lets try to put some new life into this place.  They advertised everywhere about there huge remodel and invited people to come check the new and improved Mint.  We took the bait and went a few times.  The first time was OK.  We had table service and our waitress was pretty cool.  The music was on point and so was the crowd.  Our second trip just a week later was the exact opposite.  We arrived around 11 and asked for a table.  The door guy said tables were available but wanted $800 minimum spent for us to get the table.  We were a group of 5, no way are we drinking $800 worth of liquor.  I told him we were just there the previous Saturday and paid $350 for a table.  He then offers to help us with the following offer. If we gave him $100 cash he would sell us a table for $350.  F#@K YOU!!!  We left and took our money to El Hefe.  The next couple of times that we went there we decided against a table.  It was ok till we realized we were being charged different prices by each bartender.  We order the same drinks each time but sometimes the drinks cost $8 each sometimes $6 each and once they came to $10 each. That's when we noticed the bartenders were ringing them up as $6 and adding the all the extra money to the tip jar.  This place needs some real management to handle the employees.  My friends and I go out on a weekly basis and we avoid this place like a plague.  It's a good thing that we avoid it because last night they had another one of their typical bar fights except this one ended worse than the other.  One person got shot during the fight.  My friends and I love to go out and party but don't want to have to worry about the employees ripping us off or getting shot because of the shitty crowd that the Mint attracts.  If this review makes it to an actual owner, you should really look into some good management and bring back the dress code.
4	Came out last night and arrived early around 1030PM as I was told its hard to get in any later. When we got there it was a slower night and was able to walk right in, and place was still empty, stayed for a drink and asked security if we could come back and he was very cool and said yes. Came back a few minutes later the security walked us right in (at this point they had a line) and they place was going off better. Dance floor is on the smaller side but its cool place with decor, good lighting,  nice patio, and friendly staff. Coming back here on my next visit.
1	NYE coming and they still didn't answer my e-mail with some questions. I bought tickets anyway but this is a disrespect with the costumer.
1	I bought tickets for NYE and when I tried to come in, they didn't accept my ID, they wanted my passport instead. I have been traveling for 13 countries this year and I use this same ID to go everywhere. You suck. I didn't have any information before, during or after buying the tickets that I was supposed to bring a fucking passport with me. There is no this info on your website or Facebook page. I also e-mailed you yesterday December 30th saying I'm not from here and a guy called Mike Ranallo answered my questions and didn't even said "don't forget to bring a passport with you". You really suck. The excuse at the door was " It is Arizona law". How can I fucking know Arizona law? I dont even live here. Thank you for fucking with my NYE. I wish I could have my money back.
1	Nothing impressive, DJ spins the same music like every other DJ around here. They were letting people in wearing tennis shoes and baseball caps. Service was okay, nothing special. First and last time.
