5	Seriously THE BEST MEDITERRANEAN RESTAURANT in Madison.And mind you, as I've said in multiple occasions, I'm a vegetarian, so the choices ARE limited, but frankly every time I go there, I order EXACTLY the same thing (Vegetarian Delight with tabouli, hummus, and falafel with lentil soup or salad), EVERY TIME I leave so friggin happy and satisfied.  I don't know what they do, but from the time you go in and drink water (they put rose essence in their water), and order and armenian or turkish wine and ahh..Also their tamar hindi is deliciously sweet and tart at the same time (it's A MUST drink, like a mango lassi but with tamarind.. yum)Also, their lentil soup is a glorious combination of lentils, cumin and veggies that SERIOUSLY makes you want to screw etiquette and lick the plate.Their salad dressing, OH MY GOD, you have no idea how many times I've ordered take out, and I've asked for extra dressing.  It's sweet but salty and just heaven.Their falafels are chewy in the center and crispy in the outside.Their hummus is just so creamy and filled with garbanzos.Their tabouli tastes so incredibly fresh EVERY SINGLE TIME...Serioulsy, GO TO LuLu's... you won't regret it!!!!!!  In fact, go and thank me... I like thanks and compliments!!!!  ;)
3	The food is good but its maybe only slightly better than Shish Cafe or Mediterranean Cafe.  The kicker is that the prices at LuLu's border on absurdity.  This place very close to our house - and I would love to go there more often - but I just don't think its worth the money.
4	Every single time I come to Madison, we always come here. It drives me nuts. The In-laws loves this place. They come here ALLLLLL the time. I like certain restaurants too, but I don't go there once a week for 12 years!With that said, their lentil spinach soup is very tasty. The grilled chicken breast on rice with hummus is really good, moist and flavorful. Yesterday, I enjoyed the haddock with rice and toasted almonds. The plate was plenty for 2 people. The tabouli is fresh and tasty.The food here is very good but expensive. The haddock is $18 for mostly rice and 4 nuggets of fish.I'll be back... because I have to.
4	I went to Lulu's for lunch yesterday with friends and enjoyed an amazing falafel sandwich with hummus. Their sandwich menu is well-priced and delicious, but my friends who ordered larger entrees found those to be quite small for their prices. This seems to be a great place for some things, but their prices are skewed. My verdict: Go there and get a sandwich!
3	I had thought that my commentary on their prices would be "picky" but apparently not.  I have to agree with the reviews:  the food I got (shawerma sandwich) was quite good -- excellent, in fact.  But for a *small* pita sandwich (~5 1/2" diameter) was...$8 (plus $2 for a *can* of Pepsi).  It was mighty tasty but there are numerous other ethnic "eats" in Madison where you can get a truly filling meal, and not have to fork out $10+tip for what would be considered a "street food snack" in its native country.
2	Where are you?!?!We went to eat there and the restaurant was gone!
