5	LOVE this place! The chicken is juicy, burgers are fantastic, and you can build your own anything.
5	This is a great place if you have a burger craving! They have so many toppings to choose from! I had the semi serious burger with cheddar cheese and guacamole, it was awesome! We ordered an order of fries for the table which were very tasty! My daughter got a banana shake that was really good. Lots of Shake flavors too. They also have salads and wraps. The whole staff is super nice and we had great service! I am so happy that there is a location on my side of town! I will be back! This is my favorite burger place!
5	Went here for dinner with my family tonight.  Rave reviews for the hamburger, turkey burger, hot dog (Cheedog), fries, onion rings and shakes!!  Great service!  Pricier than other burger locations nearby, but the quality and burger size is better.  So many menu options -- salads, wraps, platters, ice cream, shakes, etc.  Go check this place out.  You won't regret it!  ;)
5	Wow!  Highly recommend this spot if you are looking for a burger experience out of the ordinary.  To start with,  they have about 25-30 different shakes to start off...and they come in half sizes so it won't fill you up.  You get to build your own burger with about 25-30 different options. ..no extra charge!  We ordered the combo fry/onion rings basket which was as good as everything else.  As for the staff, super friendly!  They have only been open a week, so get here and beat the rush that is sure to ensue!
3	Takes very long to get your food and it seems to me that it's a hang out for the employees.. as I'm writing this review there's about 15 employees just hanging out and once again our order is taking long..they are just making food for the employees and I have been here for about 40 min and there's only 3 other customers I give this place a 3 star because it's not properly managed..the food is great though because I have eaten at the original one on rainbow
3	After reading the description I was excited to give this place a try.  I mean the name evokes memories of 70's Saturday Night Live skits, the menu is the ultimate in flexibility regarding toppings and they have over 50 ingredients for their shakes. They have been open at this location for 2 weeks now and there are the usual bugs in the service but nothing major. I ordered a Best of Both (Fries and Rings) and made a portabello, bacon, lettuce jack/cheddar and banana pepper burger).  The menu is truly flexible with tons of free toppings as well as the portabello which costs an additional 1.99.   We also tried the chicken fingers, watermelon tea and watermelon shake.The onion rings were very good in a tempura type batter instead of the usual breading  The fries were overloaded with pepper and seasoning and neither myself nor my dining companion enjoyed them.The shake was excellent and I would recommend the shakes to anyone who tries this restaurant.My daughter enjoyed the chicken fingers and they were actually moist inside.The burger was serviceable. The best part was the portabello, a nice bun size mushroom fresh and flavorful.  The bacon was crisp and the other ingredients fresh.  I ordered the burger medium and it came just the right pink inside.  Unfortunately, when I broke a piece off to try it without the ingredients, it was flavorless and tough in places,.  With the ingredients it was a good burger, I didn't love the bun but it wasn't bad either.  The burger just doesn't stand alone.The deserts look great but we were too full so I will update the next time we go.Overall a good addition to the burger scene and hopefully the burger will improve.
5	I'm so happy you came into my life Cheeburger Cheeburger. I love me a good cheeburger, what do I love more than a cheeburger? A mik shak. Seriously, their shake list is a whose who in the milk shake world. Dozens of flavors and concoctions, so many to try, such little time! On my first trip to C-squared I went with the classic chocolate shake and was disappointed I only ordered a 1/2 size one. It was awesome, made with actual chocolate ice-cream. That's a rarity. I used to think Denny's had the best shakes, now I think this joint does. Well done!As far as the cheeburger goes - good grief do you have options. 25 free toppings which includes things like jalapenos, onion rings, standard burger veggies, guacamole - oh ya, and they're all FREE. Free is for me. That's the motto I live by at least. I took advantage of a good 10 or so toppings, ordered a 1/3lb burger, and proceeded to house that SOB. Split an order of Fries/Onion Ring combo with my lovely lady, and called it a day.This new location is located way too close to home. Writing this review makes me want to head back there for another burger, some onion rings, and about 7 chocolate shakes. What can I say? I love shakin' it up.
4	What a welcome addition to the neighborhood full of yummy food choices!  There are so many options, each burger is as original as you!   If you are up to the challenge, may I suggest their 20oz burger!   With a mountain of fresh toppings, each bite is a new experience!  If you finish it and the fries......you become a legend on their wall of fame.  Over 50 ingredients to create the perfect shake, you just can't go wrong here!    Bring an appetite and perhaps a bib, you won't be disappointed!
5	Amazing burger, amazing shakes would recommend. Also pretty decent service I will be back
2	Was looking forward to a new place I  heard that serves good burgers.  At the very beginning I knew I was not going to be happy with the service.  The server had to repeatedly asked how we ordered each of our burgers and fries.  Now  about the food one of the burgers only covered half of the bun on top of that was cold. They also had no flavor what so ever.  Took two bites and was done it was so small. The other burger that was the same size as my burger as ordered was twice as big and also cold.  My other friend ordered the pounder which is no bigger than any other large burgers in town and was very dry not cooked to order.All three of us also ordered french fries the fries came out cold and needed seasoning but in all the best thing they had.  I ordered the onion rings they were some of the best in town.We sat for nearly 15 minutes waiting to get our bill for our meal. Should have had it when we were done when the server cleared the table.Overall not happy with the place for what one gets all round.
1	Oh where to begin...  When we first arrived we were seated quickly in a too tight dining area.  My husbands chair was up against another customers chair.  There is no way to maneuver to get to your table so forget getting up to go to the bathroom because you will disrupt the diners around you.  We started w/3 waters with lemon.  Our server brought the waters .... no lemon.  We had to remind him twice to bring the lemon.   The 1/3lb burger is tiny at best, the meat is about the size of a slider but the bun is a regular size burger bun.   A Mcdonald's cheeseburger from their dollar menu is bigger.   So I ordered a classic burger w/mayo/let/mushrooms cooked medium, My daughter had a classic burger cooked medium well w/mayo/let  only.  My husband ordered the pounder and he ordered the "best of both" with fries and onion rings.   My daughter and I opted to share a med. fries only.   My burger arrived w/no mushrooms, my daughter's burger was blood rare and we did not get the fries we ordered.  The "best of both" was mediocre at best.  The breading used on the onion rings has no flavor and tastes blah so they probably only use flour on them without any type of  seasonings.  My husbands fries were heavily coated w/pepper and appeared old so he didn't even eat them.  I did send both mine and my daughters burger back to be fixed.   It took a while for the food to be returned, I also did inquire about the missing order of fries.  The server said "oh sorry" I guess I forgot to order them.   So about 15 mins. later and my daughter and I had finished our mini me burgers, we received fresh hot fries that had not been seasoned at all which was probably a good thing because at least they were edible, but again nothing special.    So all in all I would not recommend this place to anyone!!  It's also kind of pricey.   I received better service and tastier food at Smash burger and it's only a block further.   I will travel the extra block.   This place may do better on the strip especially considering their higher prices and visitors would probably flock to it's doors not knowing any better.  But as local, it's definitely worth my time to drive somewhere where I will get better service and food for my money!!
1	Ok so we decided to try out Cheeburger Cheeburger, and if you love kids then this place is for you.  Not only is the service slow they also messed up our order. The manager of the place is timid and does not approach problem tables and only go to ones with no problems. Just sitting here and watching numerous issues among other tables and how long food took to get served. Not sure we will be back.
1	They have a lot to learn.  We opted to try this new burger place but will never know how the food is. Talk about slow that is an understatement.  It was so slow we never did receive our food.  After waiting an hour after our order was taken we walked out.  Now I heard excuses before but to say your food takes longer because it is so fresh holy cow!  Because you must have been slaughtering the cow onsite and grinding the meat.  Next time check on your customers more often, then offer the truth when you realize you screwed up.  Don't send a manager after the customer asked about their food 20 minutes ago and tables around them that received their orders before yours when yours was placed a good 15 minutes before.  Amazing Smashburger down the street had our fresh cooked burgers to us in 8 minutes.  A lot to learn.
2	I ate at the original location on Sanibel Island in the late 80s. I can't remember what I thought of the place back then.Fast forward to 2014...Ordered two burgers cooked medium. They came out well done and had zero taste. I loved the toppings but for a better burger at a better price, I'll stick with Five Guys. It blows this place away.
4	So we have been driving by the one on Rainbow in southwest for about a year now and saw this newly opened gem while we were getting our pictures taken near by. While we waited for the pictures to print, we decided to try this place. The food was pretty good and the service was fantastic. Definitely  worth a visit.
1	The food was good be service was very slow. We ordered a shake waited 15 mins before we learned the main ingredient was out of stock. Our food made it to the table still no shake since we changed the shake order. A table was sat near us was never greeted got tired of waiting they left without eating at all. At the end we sat just waiting to pay so we could leave over all not a good experience may not go back.
3	Came for dinner with the family and it was alright. The burgers weren't anything special taste wise. Also it was a bit pricey. My boyfriend and friend did the one pound burger challenge and both finished and got there pictures on the wall with the big hamburger. I ordered the combo that was a 10oz burger all the toppings I wanted onion rings and a side salad. Side salad was good. Everyone orders shakes and enjoyed them. Service was also good but the amount of time it takes for them to take an order was ridiculous! Guess that's Cheeburgers fault for having so many options to put on your burger.
1	1. Decor of a 50's diner. 2.  Riff raff clientele 3. Took forever to get waited on. 4. Another eon to get the food. 5. Young portly tattooed waiter obviously didn't know what he was doing. 6. Salad ordered by my wife.  How can you screw up a salad?  Well, some lettuce leaves had brown spots, that's how. 7. Sweet potato fries had been sitting for awhile before being served, kinda soggy. 8. Make up your own burger.  So I did, so maybe it was my fault it tasted like some fool had put it together. 9.  Is there a minus star rating?
3	I expected more from this place, especially being pregnant and craving anything and everything in sight. I expected that a place with the word "burger" in it twice would have blow-your-mind burgers. The burgers were OK and the buns were just disappointingly hard and uninspiring.Very much enjoyed the dutch chocolate milkshake. In fact, I've been craving it ever since having it. There are about a million milkshake flavors I want to try there but since the first one I had was so amazing I don't think I'd ever choose anything else. But I don't want to make a special trip back to this place for an average burger and an awesome milkshake. The service was OK, I guess. A TON of very young workers kind of walking around like chickens without heads. I think there are some kinks to work out. I prefer Five Guys... or Red Robin... or a long list of other burger joints besides this place.
5	Really enjoyed this new burger joint!  So much so that we were there 2 days in a row. Both times the burgers, fries, onion rings, and shakes were top notch. Love the flexibility of ordering the burger exactly how you want it. The shakes are amazing. The service was very attentive so maybe they worked the kinks out from their opening weeks. We will be back again!
2	Watered down milkshakes, the place smells like the nail salon next door, Egg Cream was EXTREMELY small along with too much soda. Liked the fry seasoning but they were under cooked.  Long wait time for our food. Given the burger competition on Eastern Ave., the space will be vacant by Summer.
4	Im giving this a four star rating bc although the service is on the slow side and the dining area is a bit cramped, the food was excellent. Its so hard to find a simple burger and shake joint and this is definitely on my list now. Im a very understanding person when it comes to dining out bc I work in the food industry, so I tend to cut waiters slack if they are polite and smiley, which our server was. It was PACKED on a tuesday around 6 and it was cramped inside, but I feel like if you eat out with people you like, being a little crowded doesnt matter too much. Our service was of course slow but they were very busy with large groups so it was understandable. Our waiter was very attentive and apologetic for the slow service. It was pretty good deal, 2 burgers (5 oz. And 10 oz.) A medium fry and large shake for 25 bucks. I will definitely be returning bc the food was awesome!!
1	First one I've seen since living in Colorado so I was excited. Disappointment followed quickly.Restaurant was empty besides the register employee friends so obviously I sat there for 20 minutes without anyone saying anything.Once he came over he asked asinine questions. I think he may be a little slow.Prices matched my spectacular service. Ordered:Patty melt-$8.99Large fry- 4.99And an original shake-5.69Total: $21.26This place sucks. Stay away.
2	Wow.. I can't believe there's more than one of these bad boys. Two stars is very generous. I don't often write reviews immediately after dining, but these gem deserves special attention. I went the original location years ago, and have no memory of what I had or how it was (clue #1). I've explored just about every restaurant near my job, and I was excited to try something new. I was expecting a fast food joint, but to my surprise I walked into a colorful 50s style diner. Everything on the menu is a la carte, so I settled on a patty melt and medium fries. It took about 15 minutes to get our food which is decent for 12pm, however, I was completely underwhelmed. The patty melt was nearly tasteless and the fries were similar to Five Guys with less seasoning. It wasn't terrible, but for $8.99 (cost of the patty melt) I can get a complete meal up the street that I'd actually enjoy. Skip this joint. Instead try Freddy's, Smashburger, Wendy's.. even McDonald's. Yup, it's that bad.
2	1 star for food , 2nd star for our waitress . This place is ok . Came here for a dinner with the family we are from L.A and I have always heared this place is awesome well no its not . Our order was all wrong and our burgers were undercooked. Took over an hour for our food and the fries and onion rings were discusting with grease dripping off . Loud and noisy Crammed seating Freezing inside The hostess was pulling up her pants the whole time when she was walking around seating people her pants were falling and she was pulling them up by the belt buckle holes and her pants were ripping on the thigh from pulling so hard !
4	This is a great place to purchase a freshly made burger and a traditional malt or shake.Ambience: Very clean and personal touch with escorted seating. They also use real flatware instead of plastic, big time plus. Paper towel rolls instead napkins makes for easy clean-up and those people that love to ask for extra napkins. Overall a nice blend of happy days diner meet modern world. One large television is mounted upon the wall however; was not turned on ( great because once I had my lunch companion put the cell phone down we were able to have a great conversation.) This is the perfect place with a moderate crowd to grab an upscale burger without an upscale price.Food: The burger was very tasty and reminded me of the perfect cheese burger that I ate while I was in Japan. The "best of both" was tasty however the onion rings were cut so thin that they reminded me of string fries in a bad way (-). The smallest burger that I would suggest is the semi-serious (highlighted on the menu) as the $1 difference is a noticeable upgrade. I had a hard time finding my classic burger underneath the bun. The picture displayed is the semi-serious burger. The hamburger buns are toasted with butter and made me smile while I jumped up and down. Fountain soda had a good mix and I guess that the price is okay since you get a free re-fill. Other items on the menu wings, shakes, malts, and salads were not sampled. Good nitch as they stayed true to the product "cheese burgers". Fair warning $$ and the burger free toppings have a great selection from lettuce to tomatoes however; the premium toppings such as bacon (.99) and mushrooms(.99) cost extra. My bill was approximately $24 for 2 burgers (classic w/free toppings and the semi w/bacon and mushrooms), 1 medium onion ring and french fry combo (able to split between us), 1 fountain drink with free refill, and one glass of water with refill, ouch.Customer Service was great with frequent inquiries from all of the floor servers "great concept and job" (+). Bill was not presented until requested (+) gave me  time to think about other menu items and enjoy the personal service (the reason that you go to have a sit down meal).This is the first 30-60 days that this place has been opened and I am curious if they can hold the line when they really get busy in the next few months and the summer crowd.
3	This is a cute 50s-style diner. And, shockingly, they specialize in burgers. But never fear, if you aren't a burger eater, you'll find appetizers, salads, hot dogs, and chicken on the menu too. It's small-ish, so you may have to wait if it's crowded. Lots of 50s decors to look at. Standard set-up with booths lining the walls and tables in the middle.Our server was friendly and attentive. Food is brought out by other staff and not your assigned server, and we noticed this resulted in some issues with food being brought to the wrong tables.The big thing here - and the best part of dining here - is that you can design your own milkshake and your own burger. Like you can go crazy with the different possible combinations. Creating a milkshake was my favorite part. I went with a white chocolate M&M malt. It was seriously delicious! That said, though, it was not exactly the best quality or particularly well-made.With the burgers, you choose the size (1/4 lb. to 1 lb.), the bun (just two options for bun), the cheese, and then any number of toppings. Some toppings like bacon cost extra. And while it's not listed on the menu, you can go for a 2 lb or 3 lb burger. If you eat a "pounder", you get your picture taken with a giant stuffed burger and they put it up on the wall. James O., naturally, couldn't resist this challenge. I loved designing my own burger. Hint: Banana peppers are very tasty on a burger! However, the burger themselves weren't really anything to write home about. Just regular old burgers with not really any flavor or juiciness.You can order your burger (and some other options like chicken and whatnot) as a platter, so it comes with fries or whatever side. Or you can order them a la carte and get a basket of fries or onion rings (or combo of both) to share. We opted to get a basket of fries and share. The fries were...well, fries. Good enough to eat. Nothing worthy of stuffing oneself with them or craving them. They also offer a variety of overpriced dipping sauces. While all were superior to regular old ketchup, none were exactly tasty.All in all, this is a fun place. And my experience here was way better than a few years ago at their other Vegas location. Definitely family-friendly. And can even be a fun date spot. Go crazy creating fun milkshake and burger combinations. Do the eating challenge and devour a pounder. Just don't expect the best burger you've ever had.
