5	Excellent teachers.  Lovely environment.  Their class schedule has lots of choices.   A treasure!
5	I picked up a card for a free class at Desert Root Kitchen. I have to say the name Laughing Buddah is what initially drew me in I just love it. I took a chance and I drove right over to check out the studio and see if I could take a class right then. There was a class starting soon after I arrived and I was excited to try it out. The entire experience was very pleasant. Tay at the front desk was very nice and helpful. Dusty the yoga instructor was amazing and I really enjoyed her and the class. The studio is very dynamic in every way. I look forward to returning very soon and bringing friends.
5	Laughing Buddha is a peaceful, meditative space, with no mirrors, no distractions, candles and a serene, flowing, water fountain in the yoga room. The instructors are friendly and their passion for yoga is contagious. This is the perfect studio to practice at if you are looking wind down. Laughing Buddha's commitment to giving back to the community through their donation based yoga class every Wednesday is another reason why I feel great supporting this studio.
5	LaughingBuddhaAZ yoga is one of the best studios I have ever practiced at in 20 yrs of yoga!  I have never had such consistently great instructors, a wonderful peaceful space and owners who really care about creating community.  I am grateful for this studio and happy to have the people who run it and teach there in my life!
5	Beautiful new yoga studio with wonderful teachers and lots of heart.  The space is gorgeous, modern, inviting.  They have incredible prices -- maybe the best in the valley -- and many different classes.  Easy to find, parking is always available.  HUGE smiles from everyone.I haven't taken classes from all their teachers, but Dusty, Robin, Gabe, Kim and Stephanie will make you swoon (by which I mean they will make your legs burn and your soul smile... everything you could ask for in a yoga teacher).  You won't hear hip hop music in class at LB, and maybe you think new age-y yoga music isn't your thing (it's not mine), but I promise you (a) won't notice and (b) won't care because the workout you'll get and the yoga-high you'll feel after will be amazing.Other noteworthy features:  1. Some of the proceeds from their classes go to support a local charity for homeless teens, Tumbleweeds.  (Yoga for a great cause!)  2. There's a two hour Sunday morning class that will keep you smiling through the middle of the week. I cannot say enough good things about this lil' yoga den!  Can't wait for everyone else to fall in love with the LB community.
5	The people are lovely and friendly and inviting. The studio is cute and cozy and peaceful. The teachers are knowledgeable and diverse. The prices are great, and they give new comers their first class free, they also have a few donation classes and the donations go to support a shelter for homeless teens which is also pretty great. Wonderful to have this in the neighborhood! :)
5	This new yoga studio definitely hits a sweet spot! Laughing Buddha offers a welcoming and soothing environment run by a team of full-hearted people. In addition, they offer donation classes and extend themselves to helping teens in need, which is an important aspect of giving back to the community and I have a huge amount of respect for that. I have yet to take a class from each of the instructors, but thoroughly enjoyed my experience practicing with Dusty. She is truly a unique teacher and brings a lifetime of knowledge into her classes. Coming from a dance background myself, I appreciate the intricate breakdown of positions as well as the humor and encouragement she offers to all levels of students. I was also grateful that after taking yoga for years I was able to reach an even greater level of understanding on specific things I could work on due to her extremely perceptive eye and rooted knowledge of her craft. Looking forward to more growth and excited this special studio popped up so close to me!
5	One of the few studios in the Valley that take and transmit the practice of yoga as a practice of conscious living. I really like Laughing Buddha and the atmosphere in here. The studio is really spacious, I love that it has some plants inside..Staff is super nice, warm, and welcoming, classes are 1.5 hours!! Prices are pretty reasonable and there are lots of donation-only classes and part of their profits goes to Tumbleweed. I have taken classes with Dusty and Robin, pretty adequate for all practitioners from beginners to advanced... Saturdays at 4pm is my favorite!
5	First off Instruction and environment are top notch. If you have been doing yoga in Tempe or Arizona you will recognize these top notch instructors. Next, the studio is cozy and peaceful with plant and the soft cork flooring (which shocked me actually DOES make help).  This really feels like a family an inviting family. I would invite anyone to try it out - pretty sure you will fall in love as I did.
5	If you are looking for a place to zen out this is the studio to visit.  This studio offers many different classes that offer a practice for all levels.  First class is free for newcomers.  Great pricing and you can always find a class that fits perfect in your schedule.  Dusty Snow has created a gem of a studio.  The staff are very knowledge and have created a friendly environment.  Namaste!
5	The space, the energy, the practice and the people are all beautiful. I walked in to the smell of incense and a warm welcome by Ms. Dusty Snow. I was super early but it was so peaceful in the waiting area, I didn't mind. I looked around at the amazingly affordable yoga gear and waited for the Vinyasa class to start. Dusty was chatty and positive. And right away, I got the sense that Laughing Buddha wasn't just a yoga studio, it was a yoga community.The yoga room was stunning. So much light, cork floors, a wall shared with a church. I parked myself under the skylight and began stretching before the asana practice. A good yoga instructor will guide you through your practice and possibly even challenge you. A great yoga teacher will guide you through the a practice that challenges your body, quiets your mind and speaks to your spirit -- Dusty did all three. And it doesn't hurt that she isn't afraid to include laughter in her practice. I left Laughing Buddha knowing I had found a new yoga community. A rare gem in Tempe, Arizona.
5	Fabulous!!  I intended to try out several yoga studios on groupon to find which one is the right one for me.  Looks like I got lucky on my first try.  I don't want to leave.  The classes are the right mix of athletic, challenging and zen.  I have only gone to the self described athletic classes, but I have no doubt the hatha classes are just as good.  They make you feel right at home and comfortable right away.  The prices are VERY reasonable compared to any other yoga studio.
5	I have never performed (word choice?) yoga before my experiences with Laughing Buddha. I have wanted to try for a long time.My mentor who recently moved to Boston performed with Dusty Snow prior to Laughing Buddha opening, if I remember correctly, so I had met Dusty at her going away party. Since then, I had Dusty and Laughing Buddha in mind. Finally, I had a friend who mentioned wanting to do yoga. I looked up Dusty and found out more about Laughing Buddha through the amazing connection of the world wide web. As if ordained by a greater power, there was also a Groupon for $30 for a month of unlimited classes (an $85 value!).We bought the Groupon together, went to our first class, and I cannot speak for my yoga partner, but I am in love with both yoga and Laughing Buddha.So far, my yoga partner and I have attended three classes total: 3 July 9am Vinyasa with Carolyn Evans, 6:45pm 11 July candle light with Stephanie Serrano, and 8:30 13 July level 1-2 core yoga with Carolyn.The vinyasa was very much the experience of jumping right in to the deep end of the pool. Unlike my yoga partner, I have never performed yoga prior to this experience and so had no knowledge of any of the poses, whether it was downward dog or child's pose. Both of the yogin I have been with have been entirely helpful in the incidence that my form was off or if I seemed confused or to be struggling. Those incidences feel few and far between and are never discouraging due to the comforting atmosphere created by both the architecture, interior design, and the class set up by each yogini. The setting itself is very aesthetically pleasing with soft cork floors and a skylight. The studio space was previously a garage and has since ascended to a sanctuary for yoga practise; one can tell that it is no longer used as a garage due to one of the hanging lights dangling from what would generally be the garage door pathway. Carolyn is particularly nurturing and helps the people in the studio blossom; Stephanie was frequently emphasising the sentiment that a practitioner of yoga should not be judging their own form or their own limitations, but should be listening to their bodies wants and needs in every form and shift. Both have shared a lot of words that resonated with me.Additionally, I am a Muslim and have recently (after this last class) read that some Muslims feel that yoga conflicts with their faith. I feel that yoga actually aligns with my faith and is very reminiscent of raka'at.Overall, I am very excited to return and make very good use of my access to Laughing Buddha while I have the chance. The Groupon was a stroke of luck, considering that my yoga partner and I are students on very tight budgets.
5	i am in love with this place! i found Laughing Buddah through Groupon. it is one of the best discoveries i've ever made! i love it here. as soon as you walk into the yoga studio, there is such a strong positive light and energy. it is one of the very few places i can go and feel "home."dusty, the owner, is such an amazing person. she always has a smile and a kind word and is genuinely happy that you're there. the other instructors' classes are great, but i gravitate more to her energy and feel a stronger peace during her classes.i've been practicing yoga for about 7 years now and Laughing Buddah is by far my favorite. so far i've invited my fiance and aunt to a few classes and they love it. i will be taking one of my good friends this weekend for her first class. i highly recommend it to everyone.
5	This Yoga studio is a gem! Dusty is an amazing instructor. I instantly felt like family walking into my first class. Do yourself a favor and take a class at this studio!
5	The studio is very spacious with the vaulted ceiling and organically lit with the skylight. The classes are taught by excellent instructors and there's a good range to the class offerings. There really isn't much pretentiousness about the studio...just get in, settle in and get your yoga on. Namaste.
5	Laughing Buddha is the yoga "best case scenario" that I've always wanted to find. Excellent facility with the most down to earth, welcoming vibe - owing primarily to the instructors, whose superb yoga skills, unpretentiousness, and genuinely kind spirits make this studio second to none.
5	My yoga class meets in this really nice venue, which is  located in the middle of a large but quiet commercial complex and is easily accessible with Mill Avenue and Baseline and the main cross streets. The main studio is spacious and well-equipped with spare mats, blocks, and belts. The large space and high ceiling somehow makes for a sense of relaxation not easily obtained in smaller cramped spaces.
5	Did a yoga core class with Kim! It was awesome!
5	Love this space. I literally feel like I can take a deep breath and relax every time I walk in. I'm still somewhat new to the area and this studio makes me feel completely at home. Genuine, loving, experienced instructors that challenge you just enough and remind you how loved you already are. My only complaint is that I don't get here enough : ) !!
5	I love this studio. The restorative yoga class on Wednesday is great. I love yoga by candle light. The lobby smells wonderful...some sort of incense. Nice place.
5	This Hidden Gem in Tempe is a place where I go to get a refill on my positive energy!! Working in the service industry I am drained after long hours, Master~Yoga~Advisor~Giver~Owner Dusty Snow and her staff are sooo welcoming at LB from the minute you walk through the doors until the time you leave that it's truly became my second home!! Luv everything about this place!!Mia
5	One of the best yoga studios I have ever visited. I feel completely at home here. If you are looking for a place to completely let go of any negativity and stress, look no further. Welcoming instructors and a wide variety of classes offered, there is something for everyone. I just attended the last evening session of the day held by candlelight. This is not to be missed. The first class is free!
5	I love this place so much. The teachers are all fantastic and more interested in yoga as a mind-body-spirit practice rather than another chore to check off of one's to-do list. The space is beautiful, with a soft cork floor and a lot of attention to detail in making it feel like a welcoming place.  The community is wonderful-- I like chatting with the other yogis. Plus there is kirtan and now movie nights. Dusty has set up a gem.
5	One of my favorite Buddah quotes goes something like this:  "It is better to conquer yourself than to win a thousand battles. Then the victory is yours. It cannot be taken from you, not by angels or demons or heaven or hell."  So true.My ten year search for peace, love, and vinyasa that kicks asana has ended.  I've found the Buddah and he is channeled through Dusty Snow (owner/guru) in every class she leads. In my short time as a member of this community, I've felt welcome, loved, and appreciated.  Practicing here strengthens my body while bringing peace to my mind.  I leave each class feeling powerful, relaxed and valued.  That's a delicate balance and the vinyasa always delivers.  I'm so grateful that our paths have finally crossed.  Peace, love, namaste, and sincere gratitude, for the beautiful practice and wonderful community.
