1	Do not live here! Very unorganized, unprofessional and very rude front desk staff!  You cant get ahold of them. Place has gone down hill so bad in the last 3 months since taking over by a awful property management company (the old company was very great)  The pools are barely safe to swim in as well! They also have a ton of hidden fees they do not tell you about! Save your self some stress and don't live here!
1	If I could give this apartment complex zero stars I would. The business is terrible!. The front office staff is very unorganized, and never returns phone calls. You can never call and get in touch with the front office and don't expect your maintenance requests filled any time soon. Maintenance is understaffed and the lack of communication between the office and maintenance and renter is like a three ring circus. The buildings are old, and nothing like the model apartment. They may have some move in deals but they will inevitably raise your rent after the first year.
1	Please save yourself the trouble of living here. The apartments are ok and there are better ones in the area. Its Phoenix, AZ and the summer heat tops at 118 sometimes. Guess what, my units AC broke down 5 different times and they serviced it time and again until it broke down during one night. They would not provide you with any form of assistance but put you up with a portable unit they would install if the maintenance guy is in the complex. This complex was built in 1998 and painted again in 2012 before Lincoln took over. You can expect $200 + electricity bills in the summer if you are renting the bigger (2BHK and 3BHK) units. When this place was run by Archstone, it was a lot better. The front was much more cordial and easy to deal with. Look at them now! They are all as good as hoodlums and extremely rude. If you dare to finish your lease and leave them, you will be hit by some of the weirdest fees ever. You forgot a piece of paper while moving out? Guess what, thats $50 a piece of trash. Please stay away from this apartment complex. Only positive side is that the mall is right opposite to it. But yeah, thats a pain in the buttock if you hate noise. City buses run from 5 in the morning to god knows when.
5	The Reserve at Arrowhead is ready to help you find your new home! We have a top notch management team that care about your home needs. Stop by and say hello, we are sure you will want to make The Reserve at Arrowhead your new home.
1	STAY AWAY FROM THIS PLACE!! All the previous reviews are all accurate! The people who run this place are a bunch of clowns. Very unprofessional and unorganized. Maintenance sucks! Don't expect anything to get fixed. Do yourself a favor and don't live here!!
1	Do not move here!!! The office staff is very unprofessional and rude.  None of them belong working with the public.  They all need to go to school to learn basic office operations also like how to address an envelope.  The maintenance staff does not do a very good job either.  Our apartment had so many things wrong when we moved in that it was beyond acceptable.  They did the work orders in a timely fashion but should not have had any.  Don't be too quick to blame the maintenance staff if your repair isn't complete...chances are the office didn't tell them.  Had that happen twice.  We broke our lease to buy a house and couldn't get out of there fast enough.  Oh, if you have a dish installed, remove it when you leave.  They charge $75.
