1	My friend and I regularly get pedicures as our Sunday "girl day." I had been here once before and I did like the paraffin wax they offer. I had seen their mobile sign for a $17 spa pedicure which is normally $25 so we decided to go there. It was a good pedicure...until the end when the girl pretended she didn't understand English (although she had talked to us throughout just fine) when we questioned why it was not $17 instead if $25. She said that was for the "basic pedicure." We said okay, tipped her $5 and then looked at the sign (which had been tipped sideways on the curb by then). The sign read exactly "spa pedicure $17" and that is exactly what we asked for (and reads as #1 on their menu....can it get any more basic?) We were sorely disappointed and felt like we had been lied to...not to mention both of my flower stones fell off the next day and it chipped. Mine usually lasts at least 3 weeks! Will not be returning. All for $8.
5	I've been a customer for a couple of years. Their customer service is great! You can bring whatever design and they will do it. Don't have the color you are looking for? They will mix it for you. They really try to accommodate their customers however possible. Tiffany and Tish are fabulous!
5	They do an amazing job on my nails, I always leave happy and they do a better job then any nail salon in AZ that I've been to so far, which is A LOT.  They make great suggestions and have a sense of taste unlike other nail salons where they don't care if it makes the customer unhappy.
3	Im a creature of habit.  So naturally, I was incredibly apprehensive about finding a reputable nail salon after I just moved to Phoenix from Tucson.  I am very picky about my nails and we found the only nail salon that was open on Easter Sunday.  We walked right in and were greeted immediately.  While the staff wasnt exactly beaming with friendliness, we were accomodated pretty quickly.  to make a long story short, the nail tech did exactly as I asked and I am pretty particular about my manis, but even through my odd and unconventional request she obliged.  I have not experienced any lifting at all which is indicative of a job wel done.  In addition, the nail tech did my eyebrows and they looked great.  The price was reasonable too,  I paid about $40 for a full set including eyebrow wax.I hear they do lash extensions also for $35.. I will have to try these on my next visit and folllow up.  For now, this is my go-to nail salon in the city.Please bring cash, as the staff prefers gratuity in cash!
5	I like coming here the people are really friendly and do a great job ! I usually come to do my nails and I'm never disappointed. I do walk ins and they greet and help me right away and its usually not too busy here. I often see customers leaving happy so  i do believe they do a great job on what their doing
