1	I brought my vintage Stratocaster in to get set up and have a new nut installed. $40 for a set up and $40 for the nut. I thought $40 for the nut was a bit steep, but Dave said he hand shaped and slotted the nuts himself. So, I went for it. Dropped her off on a Thursday and was told I could pick it up the following Wednesday. He had to order a white or bone nut because all he stocks are black graphite nuts. I show up on Wednesday and he acts surprised to see me. Said he had to check the mail to see if the nut had even arrived. He then locked me out of the store to walk to the mailbox. Fine, I'll stand in the heat while you have my guitar hostage. Did I mention that I had to pay the $80 + tax up front? Yep. Dave returns from the mailbox with a handful of junk and no nut. No apology, just "oops, I forgot Monday was a holiday, and I was sick yesterday" (right). He said I could pick it up tomorrow (Thursday). So, I call at around 3:30PM, and he told me they shipped the nut to his old store. OK. They were overnighting the new nut. He finally called me Friday afternoon to tell me the guitar was ready. I took a long dinner break from work and swung by to finally get my guitar. I checked it out in the shop and the set up was nice and the action was good. I had to rush back to work so I didn't get to really inspect everything. When I finally got home, I noticed the nut had about 1mm of overhang on both sides. I though, "that doesn't look hand shaped". I took the strings off to have a closer look. I popped the nut out and it was exactly what I thought. It was a pre slotted Tusq nut that costs $6.95, sloppily glued in to place. Dave sucks.
5	This is by far the best music store in the valley! My first time in almost 2 years ago I got to meet Steven Adler from Guns n Roses, and got a killer deal on a Kustom amp. Since then I've shopped here many times, and they regularly host meet n greets with all kinds of Rockstars as well as sponser local charity fundraisers. I attended one they sponsored for service dogs awhile back. I would rather shop here anyday over that other corporate music store. The staff knows what they're talking about when it comes to music and are really helpful everytime I come in. Support local businesses who support local the local music scene and the community! Today on christmas eve, the guy before me got $900 worth of gear for $450! I got 2 sets of new strings for my strat for only $6. Rock on Naked Daves \m/
5	My partner and I went to Dave's to buy a guitar and he and his staff were very helpful. Dave inquired as to my needs almost immediately and showed me several guitars. The most refreshing thing about Dave is that he didn't try to push me to buy a certain guitar as many shop owners do; he led me to a guitar I felt comfortable with, with a very reasonable price, and even threw in a stand for super cheap. I also like that Dave will service guitars you purchase from him for free also, that's sure to come in handy. Dave invited us to check out artist visits at his store and pointed us to the facebook page, which I've checked out and there seem to be periodic events and sales. Definitely a place worth checking out!
