5	Absolutely knockout pizza, very fast service, lovely staff and a really nice atmosphere. The restaurant looks tiny from the outside, but in reality it's split across two floors, so it's a fair size. We found it by chance and went back again later the same week!
4	Ti Amo from the exterior does look like all those other Italian restaurants in Edinburgh. It tries to combine the rustic Italian cultured look with modern flair, a look which has not been pulled off to any great success. Inside, the place is surprisingly large, with two levels and the toilets are a trek down two flights of stairs!However, take away the average decor then this restaurant has a reputation for good service and decent food. Its menu is extensive and the dishes are suitably priced. You can order the typical Italian themed meals. I have tried a few pizzas in Ti Amo and they have never disappointed. On top of this it also sells a good selection of wines at pleasant prices. On top of this though is the very good service, orders are taken quickly and courses are delivered to your table promptly. A good Italian restaurant, few other Italian restaurants are better in the Newington area.
3	Ti Amo is one of a few Italian restaurants in the Southside Newington area. Like Ciao Roma down the road, it attempts to pull you in with its use of classical/renaissance aesthetic, but this time with a contemporary, smarter, maybe more sterile, touch.This restaurant offers a  fairly standard Italian fair food wise. The menu is large, but the food appears to be fresh. In all honesty I've only ever tried the vegetarian pasta dishes at Ti Amo, all of which have been decent, reasonably filling, but occasionally not as portionally large as other similar Italian restaurants (though my standards on this front are quite high). All the pizzas that my fellow diners have tried looked very appetising (and quite big) and I've only heard good things.I think I prefer Ciao Roma down the road. The place has an extra charm, particularly the staff, whilst at Ti Amo they are perfectly friendly and polite but lack a certain enthusiasm.Overall the place is definitely fine. And as others have pointed out, the meals never come to very much, even for multiple courses.
