4	Apparently this little gem has been around for a while, but was just recently been brought to my attention.  This is an authentic Italian place, and when I say authentic I mean it.  They don't even have non-Italian beer.  Anyway, it seems Dolce started out as a simple gelato shop that has since ballooned into a full blown restaurant.  The food was really good real Italian stuff, but the real winner was dessert.  Of course with their reputation for gelato there was a lot to be expected, and they did not disappoint.  Also the chocolate mousse brought about pleasurable sensations I believe only other chocoholic women would understand.  Have fun out there guys.
3	Another Italian restaurant in Charlotte, another strip mally location. I'm never a fan of that, but what can you do? The food was great, which I guess is all you can really care about. It's not as big as Mama Ricotta's, but it's just as packed usually, so you'll have to get a reservation or eat at an early hour (especially if it's a Friday or Saturday night). There always seem to be birthday dinners going on here (usually people in their twenties or early thirties), which I think bodes well for any restaurant. Definitely popular with young professional types, but lots of families there, too--although i would hesitate to call it a family restaurant. Little too classy, little pricy for that denotation. But like I said, it's great. Try to pasta alla vodka; definitely my favorite. And drink the wine--it's all really good.
4	This is a great spot for date nights. It's a Charlotte classic, and it's been around for so many years for a reason. The wine and beer selection are awesome, and the food is great. They switch it up seasonally, so if you haven't been in a while, you can always expect a surprise if you come back later. I really like the diversity, and in my opinion, the food is authentically Italian. It's as good as you'll get in the Charlotte area.
4	Dolce is one of those places that feels authentic Italian to those of us who perhaps don't have a lot of truly authentic places to compare.  I've been three times and always enjoyed the food and had good experiences.  The service is excellent.  I've gotten the same waiter on three visits and he goes through the menu and handles all his service bilingually, which is a nice touch for my taste.  They have a nice menu, good variety, but not so many choices you are overwhelmed.  They have a good wine selection as well as traditional Italian coffee options to accompany their dessert menu.  The location is in a strip mall but they have expanded out onto the side walk for year-round outdoor seating.Also, they make homemade gnocchi on Tuesdays - could be a gimmick, but a place that only makes a dish once a week gets my attention.Overall this is a great place to take a date for a nice evening out.
4	I've been here twice and liked it both times.  We had Ken both times as a server and he remembered us and even what wine we had, even though it was two months after our first visit.  He is very attentive and helpful.  They serve great bread and white beans before you order.  The caesar salad is nice, and the homemade pasta is yummy - the spaghetti even has that hollow center (like a straw).   You can bring kids here and they are very accommodating even though it is not necessarily a family restaurant (they don't give out crayons or anything). One complaint is that I got a seafood pasta dish and the mussels were not fresh, not just that they had been frozen but that they tasted a little off.  The scallops and shrimp were very good though.  Also, good espresso and the gelato flavors - toasted almond and chocolate chip on our most recent visit - are pretty terrific.  They have a dinner thing Monday through Thursday - if you order before 6:30, two salads and two pasta dishes are around $27 total.  It's a solid neighborhood restaurant that we will visit often.
5	I have been for lunch more times than I can count!! Dinner only like 3 times but never had I been on there Tuesday night Gnocchi Night!! Well I had my sister bring it home for me one night and it was just fabulous!!! How have I missed out on this for sooo long!! Homemade obviously with a nice bolognese it was perfect!!! They serve it with other sauces that was just the one I was feeling the most!! They always have great soups and even they're Spaghetti in a plain tomato sauce is good!!
4	I was at Dolce earlier this week for a casual business dinner. Since I am not local to Charlotte I did my homework through Yelp, as I always do, and found all the comments about Gnocchi Tuesdays, so i was ready. First, the overall atmosphere of Dolce is very nice, it definitely has that family restaurant feel to it, which I always enjoy. Our waiter was very patient, pleasant, and informative so another plus. I had planned to order the gnocchi as an entree, but the group wanted to try it as an appetizer, so we did that. there are four sauces choices and ours was the four cheese sauce. For the entree I chose the penne pasta in a vodka sauce. The gnocchi was wonderful - tender and very tasty. I wanted more and wished that I had went ahead and ordered my own portion. The penne was very good, but the memory of the gnocchi still was a distraction. We took out time with the meal and conversation and watched the restaurant fill up and when we left it was completely full. Another very nice evening and meal in Charlotte.
5	Best tiramisu EVER!
5	My wife and I went here during restaurant week, and I think we found the best Italian food in Charlotte.  We got a polpettone and gnocchi for our entrees.  I swear, the gnocchi was like tasting a bit of heaven.  Easily the lightest gnocchi that I've ever tasted.  I will definitely be heading back to Dolce soon!
5	I love me some Dolce.  I have been craving it for a while and today my sister and I were able to meet there for lunch.  I have yet to have something I don't like here.  I think my favorite is the eggplant rotolloni, or however they spell it, and a side of the spaghetti .  The vegetables they serve with entrees are so simple but so yummy, just roasted or sauteed in some olive oil, but so good.  The gnocchi is great but I never remember to come on a Tuesday for it.   The stuffed mushrooms and mussels are great.  Really I could just cut and paste their menu and endorse everything on it!!Prices are very reasonable, service is good and depending on how busy they are you can be in and out in 30 minutes!!  A definite staple in my Charlotte restaurant repertoire.
4	"ahhhhhhhhhh!" (that's the sound I assume heaven makes when it opens up its pearly gates...)Homemade gnocchi, kids. Yes indeedy, little potato made nuggets of love can be found here on Tuesdays. Why Tuesdays only? Well, gnocchi is pretty time consuming to create, so that's the day they offer it at Dolce. And it is deeeelightful. I've been here twice, but finally remembered to hit up Dolce on a Tuesday for some delectable gnocchi. Since it was being delivered from Foodie Call, I had to make the difficult of decision of type of sauce, all of my own. I had no waiter to guide me...do I choose pesto? Or fresh tomato? Or four cheese? How about bolognese? Or maybe butter sage?! *head explodes*Well, I went with the four cheese because I was at home and I was already sportin' my sweatpants. But I also requested a side of fresh tomato sauce too, just to have some variety available. Holy yum. These little nuggets of joy are superbly made, cooked just a bit al dente and bathing in just enough sauce...it'll make you say mmmmmmmmm. I  enjoyed the four cheese, but it was a bit heavy for me. The fresh tomato was a really nice alternative and I'm glad I ordered it. What else did I order on this chunkerific night in for myself? Tiramisu, of course. I had to try it - and Dolce makes it well. Tasty layers of sweet ricotta mixed in with layers of rum and espresso soaked lady fingers. Well done, Dolce. It's not the best tiramisu I've had, but it's certainly solid. Nom. Eat on, friends.
4	I went to Dolce last night with two Italian guys; my husband and his friend.  I've had Italian food cooked by both of their mothers so I knew they could put Dolce to the test.  Dolce delivered as promised by all the other good reviews.We all ordered specials.  Starting with the appetizer special.  I don't remember the name but it was thin layers of Italian meats, cheeses, olives etc between thin sheets of dough.  I've never had anything like it.  It delivered a great mix of flavor and adventure in every bite.  Next up, Lobster ravioli for me and and Osso Bucco for them.  Italian comfort food as they called it.  Everything was delicious.   To top it off we had espresso and  almond gelato which came as quite a generous portion and just the perfect hint of flavor to keep you reaching for another bite.  I was able to get 7:00 PM reservations at around noon of the same day but the place filled up fast after that so I do recommend reservations.
5	Dolce = Scrumptious = extremely pleasing to the sense of tastedelectable, pleasant-tasting, yummy, toothsome, delicious, luscioustasty - pleasing to the sense of taste; "a tasty morsel"
1	I actually just left the restaurant. Me and three of my friends all went to the restaurant for the first time. It was tiny and very cramped. I actually got elbowed in the head twice by servers. It was also extremely loud! I ordered a ceasar salad. I get the bill and its 16.95 for a salad and water!!! The menu specifically says 6.95. But somehow I'm getting charged 10 dollars extra! So I bring it up and ask why I'm getting charged so much. Apparently I got served a "DINNER" salad even though I ordered a regular salad. I told the server this as well as an older lady, short, redish curly hair, accent, very rude that I was over charged. The server failed to ask and tell me that I was getting a dinner portion even though the menu says NOWHERE that that it what you will get no matter what. The older lady told me that its dinner time so that is what I get. I went on to tell her that that is not what I ordered and that the menu says ceasar salad 6.95. She began talking in circles saying everything over and over again. She blamed everything on the server who was nice just failed to tell me. She also told me that it was my fault because I ate the salad. Yes, really. She told me it was my fault. She said that I did not complain so it's my problem. She also said "You know what, your right mammi. It is my fault because this is not McDonald's and that is where you should be eating." Yep. She actually said that to a customer. I told the waiter that it was not his fault and told her that I would never be eating there again. I never will. I ended up paying 20 dollars for a salad, and to be honest, not a very good one. I'm still fuming at the fact that someone actually said that to me. It's not about the money, it's about what I ordered and what I was sneakily being charged for and when I asked about it I got yelled at. Classy
3	I had heard a lot of good things about this place, and I wanted to like it, but in the end, it was just pretty okay.First, I'd like to point out that the service was really friendly and attentive.  That was a really nice aspect of Dolce.The menu is brief, and I think that's usually a good thing at an Italian restaurant.  However, nothing really stood out and grabbed my attention.  The gnocchi that everyone raves about is only offered on Tuesdays.  I wonder why?  Why Tuesday of all days? I got the amatriciana, which was a bucatini pasta tossed in a sauce that included pancetta.  it was pretty good.  I like it that they serve a bucatini dish.  But after a few bites, I realized it was just much too salty.  My wife had the Sorrento, which in addition to being a mid-size Kia SUV, is a fettucine tossed with shrimp and sun-dried tomatoes in an alfredo sauce.  Hers was pretty good.I had the "antipasto wedge" as an appetizer, and that was interesting but in the end a bit disappointing.  It consisted of cured meats and cheeses that you might find in an antipasti plate, but layered over each other and separated by layers of egg crepe.  This big layered pie of sorts is then cut into wedges and served on your plate.  It would have been so much better to just have some good meats and cheeses laid out on their own on a plate with some nice bread.The place looks much nicer inside than its strip mall location would suggest.  However the bathroom was really in bad shape.  They need to work on the decor in there and it should start with trashing the oversize "WINE" and "RED [wine]" prints from World Market.  They also need to focus on keeping it clean.  It was really trashed when I was in there.  Not that I ever go to a restaurant for their bathroom, but a nasty bathroom can jar you out of an otherwise nice dining experience.So, on the balance Dolce is A-OK.
3	Went on a date with my wife last night. The food did not disappoint (awesome osso buco) but the sevice was inattentive bordering on disinterested. Ill give them a bit of a pass because they were packed for the valentines day crowd. But there are a lot of good italian choices out there... Will probably search elsewhere.
1	I was visting Charlotte for Easter weekend.  My nieces, sister and I had a relaxing day planned.  Lunch first and then a facial.  Girls day out.  My niece had purchased a Living Social promotion with a value of $50.  Our bill amounted to 58$ and some change.  When we presented it to our server he came back with it and said he could not honor it.  We asked to speak to the owner.  An older Italian woman with red hair came out and told us that because there were 4 of us at the table that we could not use the coupon.    She told us that we should read the fine print.  My niece tried to explain why we thought the coupon was valid, but the owner would not hear any of it.  She walked away yelling at us.  The real shame is that the food was good, but that owner is a nightmare.
2	Food - terrific.Service - slow and messy.Business practices - downright dirty. I arrived with a Living Social deal for $50 on my BIRTHDAY. The waiter insisted we order from the dinner menu (double the lunch prices). Our bill was $80 (post-coupon) instead of what it should have been ($46). Was it worth it to you, Dolce? Way to take a loyal customer and completely piss me off. If you want the deal to only be used at dinner, you need to specify that on the fine print (which you DIDN'T). The only thing that will make this right is for the restaurant to honor the lunch prices on the Living Social coupon and refund a portion of my friend's overpriced lunch OR issue a written apology. I've emailed Living Social and will update with their response.
5	I have dined extensively throughout Florence, Rome, and Venice; however, I have NEVER been as pleased by a pasta dish as I am with Dolce's incredible gnocchi.  The restaurant only offers this menu item on Tuesdays due to the intense labor of hand-making the pasta, and offers five sauces (one of which is a wildcard) to accompany it.  The pasta is melt-in-your-mouth scrumptious and the four-cheese sauce that I can never resist is the perfect compliment.  My wife has had the vodka sauce and meat sauce on different occasions, and was very satisfied with both.Stepping off my ivory gnocchi tower, the restaurant scores well in other categories as well.  The service is friendly, attentive, and speedy; the location offers plenty of indoor and outdoor seating; delicious bread is served as a warm-up; the wine list is expensive; and the menu is not over-priced.  They offer a nice array of desserts if you haven't stuffed yourself too full of pasta - we ordered the tiramisu both times and loved it.If you've never been before, go on a Tuesday and don't stray from the gnocchi - I promise you won't be dissapointed.
3	Pasta was good. wine was good. but I cant trust an ITALIAN restaurant that puts Herseys syrup on their tiramisu. Sorry.
4	Ah, Dolce.  A fabulous place to indulge in Italian food, and happily, right in my neighborhood too.  Hubby and I went thanks to a groupon that I had recently purchased and after many weeks of wanting to try it out.  But they are closed on Sundays - argh!  After reading some of the helpful reviews about Tuesday's gnocchi, we decided to get our gnocchi on. This place is full of awesome ambiance.  It's not SUPER fancy, but there were lots of people on more low key dates.  And even then, I still felt welcomed in my scrubs and without reservations.  It's definitely got a romantic atmosphere, but without being super pricey.  Maybe it was the lighting or the decor.  Whatever it was, I loved it!Our server was basic.  Not the most amazing one ever, but appropriately attentive.  We started with the caprese app which was PERFECT!  Or maybe I've just been in mozzarella withdrawal.  Hubby and I both ended up getting the gnocchi as well, mine with the 4 cheese sauce and his with the pesto.  As others have said, the 4 cheese was a bit heavy, but that didn't stop me from finishing it!  The gnocchi was pretty damn fabulous.  Not quite as good as what I've had in Boston's North End, but the best I've had outside of it.  And the menu was extensive, so I know we'll be back to try some more.  Plus, prices were definitely reasonable.  We did get tiramisu for dessert.  It was solid, but not the most divine tiramisu I've ever had either.All in all, I think Dolce is a fabulous neighborhood restaurant with a wonderful atmosphere and low key vibe.  The Tuesday gnocchi is definitely worth trying out, and you would be hard pressed to find a better Italian restaurant in the QC.
4	I am no longer a resident of Charlotte but if I were this would be a regular stop for me.My wife and I were in town visiting my family for the holidays. My mother had mentioned going here before but it had never worked out. The restaurant is located at the intersection of Kenilworth and East Blvd. Anyway, we finally made it and boy was it delicious. We had a 1 PM reservation so it wasn't very crowded when we arrived. Parking is somewhat of a problem as there are a number of businesses in this one area. Our waiter's name was Jeff and he was very attentive. We didn't order any drinks just our meal. My wife and mom ordered the shrimp scampi and split a Caesar salad and I ordered the Bolognese pasta with the Mista salad. When ordering Jeff told us the sides of the day were green beans and polenta. My wife and mom opted to get a pasta side (a $3 surcharge) as well. The salads were brought out and were were quite nice, not too small or too large. The Caesar is large enough for 2 people to split if all they want is a small salad before a meal. The Mista is a nice before meal salad as well. The dressing were nice without being overly heavy. We were also brought house bread. The bread was okay but I felt like it was the weakest part of the meal, nothing special. Interestingly enough we were served butter instead of oil and herbs. A little later we were served our entrees. My Bolognese was outstanding, quite hearty with a what I believe to have been a pork and veal combo with tomatoes and cheese. Rich and delicious served over spaghetti. The shrimp scampi was actually butterflied shrimp stuffed with garlic, parsley and other herbs. The pasta was drizzled with scampi sauce. One thing that was odd is that they charge you a $3 surcharge for the pasta and they don't bring you the side vegetables. We asked for them and they did bring them to us. I personally believe that if you want pasta in lieu of the side vegetables there should not be an additional charge. I mean how much does a cup of pasta cost? Luckily we did ask for the side vegetables because they were delicious. We had a nice leisurely lunch and enjoyed it immensely. I will most certainly return!
2	I love a great Italian restaurant, and I've been searching for a great one since I moved here to Charlotte.  I purchased a Groupon, and decided to hit this place up on a Wednesday night with my partner.  I really REALLY love food, and I really wanted to love this place.  I don't give many negative reviews, but I was so disappointed in this place.First thing in the door, the hostess was not terribly welcoming.  Our server was a bit snobbish as well.  I realize that Dolce is a more expensive place for food, but I felt unwelcome wearing a nice pair of jeans and a nice sweater.   Also, the place was only half full, but it was really loud in there.  I could barely converse with the person sitting in front of me at our tiny table.Our food was quite slow to arrive, and when it did, parts of it were only lukewarm.  I ordered a salmon special there, and my partner ordered the lobster ravioli special.  My fish was cooked well, but it was WAY too salty.  I had a zucchini casserole on the side, which was lukewarm.  Potato croquettes came with it, which were pretty different from others I've had, and they were pretty good.  My partner could not even taste any lobster in the ravioli, and the sauce was too salty as well.  Believe me, I LOVE salt, but it was barely palatable with so much on our dishes.  I think it might have been the sauces they used.When dessert arrived, I ordered the tiramisu and my partner ordered the chocolate mousse thing (I can't remember the same, sadly).  The mousse was delicious and the texture was perfect.  The tiramisu was one of the best I'd ever had - a very strong coffee flavor infused throughout the whole dessert.  Dessert is the reason I don't give this place only one star.When the bill came, our dinners were $16 for the ravioli (about 8 of them in the order, total) and $18 for the salmon, and $7 each for the desserts.  I'm so glad I had the Groupon and only had to pay half.  Another thing that really irked me was that they added an automatic 18% gratuity to our bill for using the Groupon.  I generally tip 20-25% on an order, as a general rule (I've worked in food service, so I try to be very generous).   I was pretty insulted that the restaurant assumed that I wouldn't pay a fair tip using the coupon, especially since it did not specify on the Groupon that we would be required to pay automatic gratuity.  Basically, what I have to say is that I'm glad we had the Groupon, because it would not have been worth the $60 total + tip we had to pay.  I really wanted to go back on a Tuesday to try their homemade gnocchi, but I don't think I'm willing to put up with bad service and inflated prices.  Surely there has to be a better Italian restaurant here in Charlotte.  My final word of advice: expensive does not necessarily mean quality, at least in this case.
1	Very unwelcoming reception. We had made reservations for four adults...oops,we  forgot to include our 8-year-old grandchild, whom they refused to accommodate with one more chair inside..so we were all relegated to outside seating, where it was completely empty, yet were seated in the corner where it was a mere 99 degrees from the blasting overhead heaters. When we expressed our apologies to the owner that we had made a decision to leave, we were told "we turned away people because of you!" rather than we're sorry or please come back another time. Needless to say, my husband's birthday dinner was celebrated at another Italian eatery.
2	A big fat Meh. Admittedly I am a huge Italian snob, I grew up eating a ton of it and really adore the cuisine. After reading so many fabulous reviews I was prepared to be blown away!  We dined outside in their patio under the awning (in a busy parking lot)  on a Tuesday night - not the most secluded nor relaxing, but it's in a strip mall of sorts and the beautiful night made it A-ok with me. We started with the Funghi appetizer (baked mushrooms/cheese/sausage with cognac cream sauce). While the flavor was good the mushrooms were way off temperature wise and tasted barely heated through. I would have been happy with this dish if the food was hot.I don't mind paying almost $7 for a salad if the dressing is delicious. I am shocked that they advertising their Caesar dressing as homemade because it tastes suspiciously like a pre-mix bag salad kit dressing. I did like that it had an egg on the side but it was nothing special - not even particularly good. I didn't  finish mine.My main course was the raved about gnocchi. I went with the 4 cheese sauce and split that with a friend who had the bolognese (fyi it is $3 extra if you want extra sauce on the side). The pasta was WAY overcooked, pretty much balls of mush. The sauces were lackluster. I did get to try the other two (pesto and brown butter sage). The pesto was voted best among the group, but I really thought it was nothing special. I've had much better gnocchi...Aria for example. Our server was a nice guy who really tried to accommodate us, though he was entirely too quiet. I could barely hear him and I was closest seated to the end. Overall it was a bit of a let down, on to the next Italian restaurant....
4	my review is not gonna thrill you, but i hope to add a little assurance to any hint of doubt you may have of this place. yes, yes, yes. the gnocchi is legen-wait for it-dary. while some may find it's supreme softness (like a potato pillow, if you will) slightly off-putting--know this. i married into an italian family. one which grew up on real italian food. one which has visited their homeland quite a few times and been to numerous restaurants that serve "authentic" gnocchi. this is the real deal, and this is how it's s'posed to be. can you dig?! anyhoo, if you are lucky enough to get the gnocchi they make with butternut squash--do it! it's outstanding. oh yeah, and it has pancetta. which is like bacon. which is like food from the gods. they have another special that my husband dreams about. it's the pistachio (?) encrusted lamb chops. or something like that. i had a nibble, and it's pretty much cooked to perfection. i love the coziness of the place, and i love how they change it up and make you practically swoon all week waiting for tuesday. if you get on their email list too, you get the scoop on what's going on at the restaurant as far as special menu and even gnocchi-making classes. seriously, how could you go wrong here?
2	A pleasant waitress, nice plating, reasonable pricing but surprisingly uninspired flavors. Ambiance within restaurant is nice, but surrounded by full-view, busy, garishly-lit shopping center parking lot. Staff and management a little insensitive to the dining experience. They just don't seem to be trying very hard for excellence. Although we've been in years past, this was our third attempt in recent months, being turned away at 9:30P on two separate weekend nights because of limited hours. Too many better choices nearby to bother with Dolce again. Luisa is frankly better at the pizza business.
1	The service here is downright appalling. We made a reservation a week in advance and upon arriving a few minutes before our scheduled time they did not have our reservation down. We told them when we had called and even showed them in our phone. The owner said they just did not have it and there was nothing they could do even though it was their mistake. No offer of a discount or to squeeze us into the back to make up for losing our reservation. They offered to sit us outside in the humid 95 degree weather. They were rude and should really be ashamed. I could tell the waitress looked apologetic but the owner could care less. Hope the food makes up for the horrific service but due to how we were treated and how hot it was outside we did not stick around to find out.
5	Went here late Tuesday for wine with a friend after the People's Pharmacy lecture @ Cov Pres. The Malbec was the best I've ever had and the gnocci was addictive. Not served with enough sauce, but waiter brought more upon request. Very pricey.
5	My husband and I have been going to Dolce since 2006. We're Italian American new yorkers who bought a second home in South Carolina. We were so happy when we found a really good Italian restaurant, especially with such a sweet owner like Louisa. We eat in Manhattan almost every week and I can say that Louisa's food is comparable to any of the really good restaurants in New York. We particularly like fungi as an appetizer,amatriciana with bucatini, incredible gnocchi on Tuesday, chicken franchese, and veal marsala. Deserts are very good, especially the lemon cheese cake and the gelato. We go to the Carolina's about seven times a year and always make a stop at Dolce.
2	Food and service were ok. But it is overpriced, spotty service, the "patio" where they stuck us is basically a tent in the parking lot, no salad included, smallish menu with no pizza. If you are thinking of going here, don't. Just go to Mama Ricottas.
2	I received a $50 Groupon from a friend for this place and I was hoping for it to be good but I feel like if we hadn't had the Groupon, I wouldn't have eaten here since the prices were high and the food wasn't that great. I most likely won't eat here again.
4	We've driven/walked by this place a thousand times since it's only 2 blocks from us and always said we should go sometime.  But that time never came...until our old friend the Groupon showed up one magical day.  So we finally had a reason to go and after going our only regret is not discovering this place sooner.  It's a relatively small, cozy place inside (too cold for outside when we went) which I think is what you want for a more upscale italian place.  Our waiter was great and really helped explain the dishes and provide some excellent suggestions.  The wine and beer were great.  The food was fantastic.  We ordered an appetizer they had on special...don't remember the name but it was like soft mozzarella wrapped in other mozzarella...phenomenal.  For entrees we got the vodka penne with chicken and the gnocci (we unknowingly went on gnocchi night) which were both great.  But again me being a dessert traditionalist I was a little let down by the cheesecake.  They do theirs with mascarpone...so I figure well I like mascarpone and I like cheesecake...lets put those babies together.  But alas all I truly wanted was NY style cheesecake.  But really I'm nitpicking at this point.  This place is great.We give it 4.5 dolce's out of 5
5	Used to be a Gelato/ Ice Cream Shop (a Very Good one) on the opposite side (facing Kenilworth Ave.) of the Italian restaurant "Dolce Ristorante" (same Owners)... Now, you must go into the Restaurant to get their Gelato... For some years I did not go back because I assumed I would not like the food!  Italian is usually really good or if not I do not want to use that language on yelp...  So finally I venture into "the Restaurant to find out - for me and you!Everyone has told me when they eat in the Restaurant : Only Chocolate and Vanilla were being served that day!  Today I noticed the same!  Only Chocolate or Vanilla or Both or Both with some Espresso poured on top (as I ordered) with a Side (full Dessert) Piece of Tiramisu, kinda in that order I had a Pasta dish too!This place is I guess you could say INSIDE "Dolce Ristorante" or you could say something else and you may still be correct!
5	Totally DEVOID of "Italian" 'tude!!!  "Ken" if that was his name? Might be the BEST Service Staff Person in Charlotte!!!  How smart can a person be!  My closest Friends (everyone knows) and co-workers (even my Wife) says I'm difficult to read, thus not so easy to wait on... This Man did a Fantastic  Job!  On with the Food!  I know I'm weird!  First I order Water with no ice, seconds later Gelato as an appetizer... Here is where my Server began to show me he was paying close attention and started deciding how he would bring me what I wanted... Gelato : I could have Chocolate, Vanilla, BOTH or "have you ever heard of Espresso Poured over a scoop of each" (Actually my Wife ordered something similar when we were in Savannah just weeks ago) Sounds Good and it was!  Not sure if the Gelato was that good or if the Espresso Poured over it MADE it!  Glad I got it!  Great Appetizer!!!Spaghetti Bolognese The Pasta tasted House-made (it was not) some of their Pasta is House made... The Sauce was good, not my favorite, still better than most Non Greek Italian!Bread with (if you like)  Olive Oil & Balsamic Vinegar or (if you don't like) REAL Butter!Tiramisu for Dessert (see the Photo) it was VERY Good!!!All Service Staff were Polite, Friendly and Professional - Overheard them saying some kind words about some of the customers that had just left!
4	Took my other half here last week to celebrate his birthday. Nice, cozy spot.. Service was great. He checked on us constantly making sure everything was great. I ordered the Bolognese. It was a little bland. My boyfriend ordered the FRUTTI DI MARE and it was uh-mazing!! It was so delicious that I kept stealing the shrimps from his plate! Lol. The dessert was absolutely divine. We chose the Gelato with espresso on top and it was a hit! We really enjoyed the food and service we received at this place.
3	We had dinner at Dolce, and while the food and ambience are great, things are keeping this restaurant from being top tier.  We ordered the appetizer on special.  When the check came it was double every other app on their menu.  Second, they have warm soft drink by the can.  They charge 2.50 for each can.  Normal restaurants have 16-20 ounce fountain glasses with free refills for right around the same price.  Waiter seemed very anxious to clear our plates, although we still had 1/4 food left.  These issues along with a very limited protein appetizer menu keep this restaurant from being a competitor to the other Italian restaurants in Charlotte.
4	One of the hardest parts of moving from New York to Charlotte was saying goodbye to good Italian restaurants. We've been to a couple down here but none could compare to what the Empire State could provide. Yet I'm never opposed to giving a place a first try, so when we saw an online deal for Dolce it was enough to entice us for a trip down to Charlotte. I'm glad we went, because we now have our go-to Italian restaurant.Dolce is located in a strip mall-type area, which I'm always a fan of when venturing into Charlotte since it makes parking a breeze. We had a reservation and were greeted and seated upon entering the restaurant. It's a bit tight inside, and while the patio area looked a bit more comfortable the tables had all been reserved for a party later that night. The interior, while a bit cramped, was cozily decorated and really made it feel like an Italian restaurant. Our waiter was like the "low talker" from Seinfeld and I could barely hear a word he said, and the overall background sound of the place due to the tight quarters didn't help a bit. I had to ask him to repeat himself a couple of times and felt like a jerk for doing so, but what else can you do when your waiter can't speak up?For an appetizer we had the special of the night, which was kind of like a deconstructed bruschetta. We got toasted bread with the tomatoes on the side, and a mozzarella SPREAD. I've never seen mozzarella prepared like this, and it was pretty dang good. There was also free bread service that was served alongside beans, which we've seen at one or two other Italian places in the area. For dinner I ordered the Bolognese ($15.95), and it was mind-blowing. It's such a simple dish, with spaghetti served with a meat sauce made of pork, beef and veal. I've had the dish at some other places and it was either sweet or bland, but this bolognese was tastetacular! The meat chunks played very nicely with the simple tomato sauce that was not overpowered with sugar or other unnecessary flavors. The missus had the Frutti Di Mare ($20.95) which was decent. The sauce had a bit of a kick to it with the heat, and the mussels were pretty good. The shrimp were a bit small and the scallops were non-existent, something we didn't catch until after the meal was over and she realized there hadn't been one on her plate. Just the spaghetti with a couple of mussels and small shrimp was not much of a meal for her, but the taste was solid.For dessert we split the Tiramisu ($8) and that proved to be a great bite. It had just the right amount of espresso flavor where it wasn't ridiculously strong and bitter, but still had a bit of that bite to it. The lady finger structure was done right and had great texture. It was a dessert worthy of any Italian restaurant.Dolce really proved to be a fantastic Italian eatery that I would be proud to take my visiting family to. They offer solid food at a reasonable price, and the staff aside from our server seemed to be on the ball. We'll definitely be back in the future, and I would really like to return on a Tuesday when they make their fresh gnocchi.
4	Husband and I usually tend to be pretty budget-conscious, even when we're treating ourselves to a meal out. So, Dolce wouldn't have made it onto our usual radar without the help of a group coupon deal. I'm really glad it did!The ambiance of the place is sweet, and I imagine might have an even more intimate feel after dark - tables are snug, with candles on all of them, but as we dined fairly early to skip the crowds, it was too light to have need of them.Our waiter, Matt, seemed pretty knowledgeable of both the food and wine menus. I was having trouble deciding between a few dishes, but was able to narrow down based on his recommendation, plus he helped Husband find a great wine pairing for his dish (and one that he wouldn't have picked on his own). Service was always very prompt and he made sure we were taken care of from start to finish.After we ordered, a basket of bread (white italian bread, sliced, room-temperature; nothing terribly special) and dish of marinated white beans, tomatoes, onions and herbs was set out to stave off our hunger until the mains arrived. If they could work on a better bread offering, this freebie app would be off the charts!Surprisingly quickly after that, our entrees appeared - I went with the pasta Amatriciana (rigatoni with spicy red sauce featuring sauteed shallots and pancetta - $16.95) and added shrimp (+$3); Husband ordered the veal Marsala ($19.95), which sides of the day featured green beans and risotto. My pasta was pretty damn delicious. No, the pasta didn't taste like it was made in house, but it *was* high quality, and cooked appropriately al dente, AND well sauced - not too much, not too little, well-coated on each noodle, *without* a big saucy puddle in the middle. I honestly wasn't expecting to be super impressed, but after my first bite, I was hooked! The shrimp was large, fresh and perfectly cooked, and the sauce super-flavorful. The portion size was appropriate for one person with possible leftovers, depending on how hungry that person was - but there certainly wasn't the overabundance you can get with some "italian" chains who give you a 1lb box per plate. The sauce was quite a bit richer than I expected, likely due to the pancetta, but it was worth every tasty morsel. Other diners I passed in the restaurant had some SERIOUSLY tasty-looking fettuccine dishes that I'd love to try on another visit. Husband's dinner was similarly delicious, but larger in portion. I joked that next time we ate there, we should just order what he got and split it - but that's not really a joke! His dish included two huge flat-pounded veal filets that were positively smothered in mushrooms and big pieces of prosciutto, along with good-sized servings of green beans (I didn't catch the details of how they were prepared...it seemed like they may have been sauteed with some sort of tomato sauce + bacon?) and risotto. After he'd eaten his fill (and shared a lot of mushrooms and green beans with me) there was still a ton of food left on the plate. We couldn't even bear to think of making room for dessert. Another Yelper mentioned that upon paying with a group coupon, the bill came back with an automatic gratuity added in. That was not the case for us, though I wouldn't necessarily have minded if it did, since I understand how businesses - and servers - are sometimes at risk of being stiffed by folks who forget to tip based on their total bill.Our meal was definitely worth more than what we paid for it, and good enough that we'd consider returning to Dolce. For our particular wallet limits, though, it would probably have to wait for a special occasion, or for another great coupon deal to roll around. Or maybe we can just get the in-laws to spring for supper next time they visit... ;)
2	Ok so I have to preface this review by saying that we didn't end up eating here.  My husband and I were looking for a place to eat and looked at Groupon to get some ideas and see if there were any deals nearby at the moment.  We saw Dolce which was a pretty close drive for us from Uptown, had never been so decided to give it a try.  We purchased the Groupon and headed to Dolce.  When we got there, they seemed a little disorganized.  After we finally got seated, we got our drinks and looked over the menu and decided our orders.  Waiter came back, and we told him our order and also mentioned that we have the Groupon.  He immediately asked if we bought it that day or a different day.  We told him we bought it today.  He said he didn't think the owner would accept it since we bought it that same day.  (this is not a Groupon rule and is not mentioned anywhere on the Groupon).  We showed him the voucher and told him there is no rule on using it the same day and he said he knew that but it was the owner who wouldn't allow it.  He went to go ask her and came back confirming we couldn't use it and was very sorry because there was no telling an old Italian lady how these things work.  That was funny.  Anyways, we decided if they weren't going to be honorable with the Groupon that we didn't want to eat there so needless to say we left and had Groupon refund the cost.  The Groupon rep confirmed that it should have been allowed to use the same day and promptly refunded.  This lady is pretty dumb though, because having a customer buy and use the same day means they truly got measurable value out of the marketing on Groupon as that was the reason we were even there vs. someone buying and keeping in their back pocket for a future date when they may need to go out to dinner on a discount.  Whatevs, if they didn't want our business that day, we won't be returning any other day either!
2	When dining on a Friday evening, the atmosphere was NOT quiet and romantic.  The tables are almost on top of each other and conversations  from all the other tables can easily be  heard along with the specials when new people are seated. Not to mention, how crowded it felt when chairs bump into each other between tables - much too crowded.  The food was good, which might  bring us back , but definitely not the atmosphere.
3	My wife and I went here for the first time on a Friday night. Very crowded, you are practically sitting on top of each other with barely enough room to maneuver between tables, I really hate when restaurants do that.  Our meals took a very long time to come out.  Once our meals came out they were good, nothing special that I would be dying to go back for, but good.  This place is good but there are many other Italian restaurants in Charlotte that are just as good if not better and not so pricey. In my opinion this place is WAY overpriced.  Come on folks pasta is about a buck fifty a pound so when you charge over $16 for pasta and sauce and another $3-5 to add a meat to the dish  it's just a little ridiculous.
5	This is once of my favorite restaurants.  They have such a mom and pop feel that you just love the staff and can tell that they enjoy what they're doing.The food here is great!!  After visiting too many times to count, I've yet to experience disappointment.  The specials are usually a great treat as well.  I'd recommend this place to anyone looking for great, authentic Italian food.
3	This was my first visit. We were greeted with friendly smiles and were made to feel at home.  The space is quaint; an at home feeling.  Tables are close together and during the dinner hours it got pretty loud.All of the food ordered was prepared very well.  All others had salads that were ample in size for the price.  I had the sausage and cheese filled mushrooms with a pink cream sauce.  It was juicy and very flavorful.I had the night's special: panko crusted NC trout topped with crab meat and scallion cream.  Very rich, moist and full of flavors. A friend had the pasta du jour which was enough for two people.   No complaints from him.  My wife enjoyed the cheese filled eggplant roulades too.The dessert selection is ample and homemade. The cheesecake was light; I had a slice of the lemoncelllo cake.  Light yellow cake with the freshness of lemons.  The icing was complementary and not over sweet.The experience would have been perfect if our table wasn't in the corner by the wait/bus station.  We heard empty bottles being thrown into the garbage all night. Plus the staff kept cutting through with food. Guess it was like getting the table by the kitchen door! I would return but it is not a destination restaurant.
4	First Visit to Docle Ristorante and we were treated to gnocchi night.  Every so often the make special hand made gnocchi to be served  on a special night.  Gnocchi is one of my favorite Italian dishes and Docle Ristorante did it right.They offer several difference sauce flavors with the gnocchi so you could a style in any way you wanted.  I got the gnocchi special for the night which was a white cream pancetta sauce and it made my taste buds jump for joy.  On gnocchi night, get there early cause they can sell out.  Also, check groupon or living social at times.  They have offer specials every now and then. I wasn't sure about the reservation system that they said we needed.  When we reserved and showed up were  the only ones in the restaurant.
4	Although the menu is limited at Dolce, the food is very good.  It is some of the more authentic Italian food in Charlotte.  Unlike most places, they make their sauce and their dough from scratch.  The sauce is not out of a can as it is at most Italian places in Charlotte.  I had the mista salad which not only was very fresh, but could have been a small meal.  I also had the sorrento pasta with shrimp and it was delicious.  There were five in our party, and everyone enjoyed their meals.  The service was also very good.
4	I made a reservation for this Ristorante before making my ice skating debut.  It was quaint, hidden in the back of the Harris Teeter on East Blvd.  I purchased a LivingSocial deal.  I was impressed.  The staff was very service oriented and the owner was pleasant as well.  I will definitely return with a friend or two.
5	We came here after buying a groupon and it quickly because one of our favorite restaurants!  The dishes were authentic and full of flavor.  I would recommend any dish on their menu!
4	Simply outstanding. My wife and I came here for restaurant week and everything was absolutely perfect. I enjoyed some of the best gnocchi I've ever had, and my wife enjoyed a succulent serving of chicken Napoli. The wine selection was fantastic and the desserts were out of this world. Dolce is hands-down the best Italian meal I've had in Charlotte.
5	Tuesdays never seemed special until I was introduced to Dolce's Tuesday-night-gnocchi special. Each bite of the four-cheese gnocchi (my personal favorite), is like tasting soft pillows of heavenly goodness. There's other flavors too (pesto, bolognese, butter sage...) but for the lactose lovers, the four-cheese can't be beat!Four varieties of cheese might be enough for a single course, but certainly not for the entire dinner. I have to end the evening with indulging in their strawberry cheesecake. To justify ordering, I usually pretend to share. Or just order the delicious Fresca Salad to feel healthy.... Oh god, there's gorgonzola on that too. It's all worth it!!
5	We have not tried everything on Dolce's menu, but we intend to.  I have never been more satisfied with food, service and price than I have the two times I've been to Dolce with my boyfriend.  Try the mushroom appetizer, it's incredible...and if you're not trying to spend a lot or if you don't want to induce a food coma (which is fine if you do) then split an entree, more than enough for two people.  No one leaves Dolce without the feeling of simplicity, and more importantly, quality.
4	I've lived here in Charlotte for 8 years and this is by far the best Italian food we've had at a restaurant. The food was incredible. The ambiance is deceiving both front the outside and when you get inside. It doesn't appear to be high end but the food did not disappoint.  The stuffed mushrooms are the best I've ever had. I orderded the veal and that too was excellent. Five stars if the decor matched the food quality. We'll definitely be returning
5	I've been dining at Dolce for 7 sweet years, and have always been happy with the food, service and overall experience. Tonight was no exception, so I thought I'd pass along the good word. The stuffed mushroom appetizer was excellent and served with a bourbon cream sauce. Mmm. For entrees we had the stuffed shrimp special, served with risotto and asparagus, as well as the stuffed cannelloni with chicken. We paired with a glass of Sangiovese and Pinot Noir. Crazy good. The ambiance is quiet, cozy and romantic. Highly recommend.
4	We went to Dolce because we had a Groupon.  I enjoyed the "bread and beans" - very Italian.  Our appetizer was the stuffed mushrooms - very filling and good enough to be a main entree.  I had the Amatriciana and my boyfriend had the Bolognese.  Both were great and with generous portions.  Unfortunately, we had no room left for dessert.  My two minor complaints were our wait for glasses of water and the distance between tables - conversations were very close.  I would definitely go again.
5	Love this place. Great fresh pasta and quick service. I have been able to find groupons pretty easily but even without it the prices are not too bad.Come on Tuesdays- fresh gnocchi!
4	Good date spot, although the dining area is definitely a little cramped. It's just not a big space, but the food is very, very good. I've gone a couple times with Groupons and I feel like I am robbing the place with the deal I get. No complaints at all
4	Dolce is one of our favorite restaurants in Charlotte. Consistently good Italian.  My favorite dish is the Amatriciana and the limoncello cake is to die for.  However, we were a little disappointed on our last trip.  We went with another couple. We had a Living Social Deal & they had a groupon.  We asked if we could be treated as 2 separate tables since we were going to have 2 different bills and that way we could both use or vouchers.  I completely understand the reason why you would want to limit the number of vouchers used, but if we are acting/paying/ordering as 2 separate tables I don't understand why they wouldn't let us use both.  As I mentioned, Dolce is one of our favorite restaurants and we've been there many times. It would have been nice if they had been a little flexible (perhaps saying they would allow it this once and wouldn't allow it again).  But they didn't and it made me feel like they don't value loyal customers.
5	I had a living social that was expiring. My girlfriend and I where set to go but she ended up having to leave town so I was all alone. They were very accommodating to me and allowed me to get an entree to save for her. The decor is pretty typical of most Italian places. The service was great my server was very attentive. He put my second entree in so it was ready when I left. I got the stuffed mushrooms for an appetizer and they were amazing. I almost licked the plate. I got the Marcela for my main course, it was cooked perfect and tasted wonderful. I will be going back when my girlfriend is able to go with me.
1	Me and my friend went on Tuesday 6/24 sat inside next to the entrance. We were glad we made reservation and skipped the 40 mins wait. We sat down and waited about 40-50 mins when our food were ready. That's ok, I understand it's a small restaurant and a lot people and Tuesday night special....... The food was OK, and it feels like a decent restaurant. Our check was $66.63, we had a coupon worth $50, so the rest of the bill was $16.63. The waiter brought our check, I thought my friend's coupon took care of everything then asked him for a pen. He was impatient the whole time, and told me in a really mean way:"you didn't give me your card yet!". Well, my bad for not knowing the situation. I was mad, and wrote $9 (14%) instead of a normal 15% or above tips. So the total was 25.63. Guess what, I happened to check my account today, it lists $30.63. Forgive me if there are other explanations such as I time traveled to the restaurant and changed my "SIGNED" receipt, otherwise, I really think somebody changed my receipt. If you are not happy with 14%, go think about how to please your customers and make them happy; if you can't stand my question due to lack of information, you probably need to learn how to communicate with other people; If you need to change my SIGNED receipt, you better be careful.My credit card company gave me $10 back which all I really need is $5, so I'm not here because I lost money, but to tell everyone to be careful of your SIGNED receipt, and don't sit on the patio or next to the entrance, because this is the area where this waiter hanging out. I'll make sure I post this post everywhere, not for the $5, just hope nobody else goes through same experience. Of course, I'll guarantee none of my friends will go there.
2	While there wasn't anything terrible about my dinner here, there wasn't anything terribly memorable either. I went for a date with my boyfriend on a Monday night after purchasing a Groupon. I enjoyed the stuffed mushrooms and my rotolini, and my boyfriend liked his veal. But nothing jumped out at us as amazing. Over all, we were very glad to have purchased the groupon, because otherwise we would have been very unhappy to pay the seriously over-priced bill. The service was about the same as the food....not terrible, but lackluster.
4	Food was amazon, service great too. A little pricy but worth it for a nice date night
4	The house beans and bread alone are worth a visit.  My favorite items on the menu are the burrata, bruschetta, the fresca salad with gorgonzola honey dressing, the Sorrento pasta with shrimp and pink alfredo sauce, and the Amatriciana pasta (just a touch spicy).  Great date-night ambiance inside, and the patio area offers a casual option too.
5	The food is excellent! We've had the lamb, the tilapia, the lobster, the tuna ( it's not on the menu now but they've honored my request before), and most of the desserts. I've always been pleased with the food and service at Dolce.
5	Gnocchi, gnocchi, gnocchi. This is the only reason we go! They have, hands down, the best gnocchi in Charlotte - it's just unfortunate that it's only available on Tuesdays! (And occasionally another night, as a special). Soft, pillowy, heavenly, just right - little clouds that melt in your mouth! The hostess is sweet, and always very attentive! The beans they serve to go with their bread are delicious - I eat them plain, even when the bread is gone! They have more of a northern italian menu, so not as much pasta as you would expect, but if you're there on Tuesday, you can never go wrong with the gnocchi.
1	The food was average at best and the service was horrible. Our waiter acted like we were putting him out. He was very unpleasant even though our table of 6 had 2 bottles of wine and spent over $200. Unfortunately for us, this restaurant automatically adds a 20% gratuity for a six top which is ridiculous in and of itself, let alone the waiter did not deserve it. If you are looking for over-priced, so-so Italian food and rude wait staff, search no further.
5	The owner is truly Italian, so the dishes are really authentic. The pasta sauces is not overloaded with garlic, in fact there isn't garlic at all ! That's real italian! We came over here several times, the capresi salad is really nice and fresh. The gnocchi is amazing, but only served on Tuesdays. It is worth a trip in the beginning of the week just to try it out! Owners are truly Italians, so this is the real deal!Whenever you would like to taste a great Italian meal and can't afford Luce in uptown, this is your place!
2	We arrived at approximately 8:15pm on a Saturday night and wanted to sit outside. The person greeting us proceeded to tell us that they had just closed the patio, due to a holiday weekend so that the staff could leave early.  We were concerned about keeping people, so we were ready to leave, when she adamantly stated that we could still be served.  I specifically told her that we did not want to keep them from closing early.  She insisted, and so we were seated inside.  Halfway through our meal, which was approximately 30 minutes, servers were blowing out candles on surrounding empty tables, and a sense of urgency upon our server and assistants, to clear and move us along was extremely evident.  Our entire table consisted of restaurant management and service industry individuals, and this was extremely annoying to all of us.  We requested a manager, and he arrived at our table without an introduction.  He offered an apology, told us to stay as long as we wanted, and walked away.  Really???  Work on your attention to customer service Dolce.  You may pay an admirable amount of attention to your pasta, but you have a lot to work on when it comes to customer service.
2	In a nutshell, the food was good(even with a limited menu), however this establishment is in need of proper management.  When we expressed our concern regarding how we were being rushed through dinner on a Saturday night--the staff was ready for their long weekend off -- the manager seemed unconcerned, and quite unprofessional. Bad customer service trumps good food every time. I won't be returning.
1	Luisa, after eating in your restaurant since the day it opened, celebrating both of my children's birthdays yearly, tipping 25-40% every single time, sending friends, having showers and bringing clients...it all comes down to your rude daughter/manager. Our family has been loyal. We will miss Ken. He is awesome. We adored Petra and Carlos. Your daughter is rude and sucked at waiting tables because she has NO people skills and she sucks at managing. Since the day you opened as Dolce and not Dolce and Gelato we have ordered our children a side of pasta. Didn't know a "kid's pasta" existed. We have been charged $3. Last night when I was charged $7 for 25 penne noodles and a "kid's pasta" I said to the waitress "I ordered 2 sides of pasta." Your daughter then proceeds to come outside and tell me "someone has been doing me favors and she is going to fix this problem and I should never have been getting $3 side pastas for the kids." Excuse me. Favors? For my loyalty for 10+ years you accuse me of somehow stealing from you with "someone doing me favors." Can you read your own menu that says a side of pasta with an entree is $3?20 noodles with butter is not worth $7. Ask 300 East, a kid's pasta is larger AND cheaper.Ken, we will miss you. Petra, if you ever head back from Raleigh with your beautiful daughter come see us.  Hayley, good luck in school!Luisa, fire your daughter. She sucks. She always has. She just lost you a very loyal customer because in spite of "someone doing me favors" it was the other way around. I did you a favor by being a loyal patron and allowing your restaurant to be such an integral part of our lives.And, I recommend your daughter go work at Chick-fil-A, like I did starting at 12. They can teach her how to treat a customer.Luisa, wake up. Your daughter sucks at people skills. She is rude and couldn't wait a table. Put her in the kitchen so she doesn't ever have to see a patron or interact with anyone and tell her to throw in a few more noodles for $7.And, then I will do you a favor and consider stepping foot back in your restaurant again. On second thought, no I won't. Maybe the reason why you always have to be on living social or groupon is her and her "management."Sincerely, Your once Loyal Customer
4	We ordered the eggplant and linguini with seafood, the food was good, the service is bit slow on a Saturday night, maybe because of the packed room, other than that, cannot complain much. The dining was nice and cozy
2	Came here for dinner on a Friday night with my husband after purchasing a Groupon some months before. We made reservations as the Groupon stated we should but honestly I don't think they would have been needed. The place was full but nothing over the top. The decor was not the worst I have seen but not exactly enjoyable/cozy. We were sat at an 'in between' sort of table and it was really uncomfortable the entire dinner and very very small. My next complaint would be about the service, pretty much everyone who worked here aside from the bus boy was not very friendly. Finally, the food was decent but very very overpriced for what you got. I had the penne with vodka sauce which was good but again nothing worth the cost. My husband had the shrimp linguine with cream sauce, he wasn't all that impressed. All in all we would not come back. Even after the Groupon (worth $40) the dinner was $60.
