5	A church that preaches an unadulterated Gospel... meaning that the message that was good enough for the disciples of Christ are good enough for Redemption Church! The worship music varies from a more subdued Adult Contemporary in the chapel at 8am, to a more upbeat Adult Contemporary in the chapel and conference center (video feed for the teaching) at 10am, the 4pm and 6pm.The Commons bookstore and coffee shop are an excellent place for fellowship.
5	Great church, read the other positive reviews and ignor the one from Kamela W.I have been going here for a year and love the true preaching of God's word!
5	Redemption is a great, Gospel centered church. They preach the gospel from the Bible without sugar coating it. They are loving and welcoming and offer plenty of mid-week groups and ministries that you will definitely find a place to serve others as Christ has served us! Their approach is awesome and there is always someone around willing to help you or come along side you.
5	I love this church! Growing up Catholic I was believing that there was this checklist I needed to have in order to earn my way into Heaven. Redemption opened my eyes and my heart! Christ as my Savior and His grace is my road. The worship team is amazing and so lively! I feel Him during every worship. Pastor Tim is so inspiring, honest and endearing! The children's ministry leaves me in awe. My daughters love attending and learning about God's love. The staff really connects with the kids and helps them thrive in Him. If you haven't found a church to call home, you should make a visit to Redemption and your search will stop here!
5	Great church and great leadership!  We have gone to Redemption Gilbert for 2 years and I have to say that it is truly amazing.  We had gone to other churches before that are non-denominational, Bible centered churches, but Redemption was much different than any other and the leadership brought us to know the Lord and be reborn.  We thank God daily for bringing us to Redemption.
