2	While the shop is in a pretty great location, with cute decor, they only accept cash (which is annoying), and the friendliness of the staff varies significantly, from awesome to terrible. I could deal with either--and have, given my love of coffee shops--but I guess I need consistency. I want to know what to expect, you know?Their coffee is pretty good--not awesome, but certainly drinkable. Their pastries vary a bit, as well; that they offer carrot cake cupcakes is pretty cool, but I think something's wrong with their fridge, making things stale half the time.Kind of meh.(Note on "outdoor seating:" It's really no good unless you smoke, because there's one employee who spends half the day out there, smoking.)
2	The place smells awful.   Its non-smoking, but reeks of stale smoke, and when I spend 1/2 an hour there, I leave smelling like smoke.  This isn't an isolated incident, but it really smells every time I've been in there (at least once a month for the past couple years).on the up side: decent coffee, decent assorted snacks (pastries, sandwiches, etc.), great location.
2	I really want to see small coffee shops succeed, I do. Regent Square is full of small businesses and the community is really supportive. I believe this and the lack of coffee chains is the only reason they are still open. They are cash only, but so is half of all the other businesses on that street, so I don't hold it against them. It's dingy. They don't use their space well. Coffee is brewed in poured into an regular old coffee pump pot. The desserts looked good, but there was one lonely cookie and two cupcakes (granted it was Saturday night). It just looked really sparse.
2	This is a depressing coffee shop. I went in on a wednesday afternoon to find the place dim, muggy, eerily silent (as in no music or talk, just shuffling noises), and filled with a sense of sadness.  I tried to sit down and enjoy some coffee, which was drinkable, but I couldn't get over the odd atmosphere, that is until the music started, so quiet I couldn't even tell you what it was, just that it was on. I'm giving it two stars for the awesome alternative energy posters hanging on the far wall.
2	Regent Square is a nice little area, and it certainly deserves a better coffee shop than Katerbean.We just moved to Pittsburgh in July, and before we got the interwebs in our home, we would frequent Katerbean fairly regularly, at least 2 to 3 times per week in order to use their free wi-fi and have a drink.  Every time... EVERY TIME we went there, we left reeking of smoke.  There's no smoking inside, of course, but it always happened.  Maybe it's due to poor ventilation, or the fact that the employees were regularly outside smoking, but we always left smelling like we were in a bar.Then, the tables were usually dirty.  When we would order our drink, we would usually have to get ourselves a napkin, wet it, and wipe our table ourselves. Not surprising, as most of the employees I've encountered there (with the exception of the very nice older woman) seemed pretty put out when I asked for anything.In any case, we have internet access at home now, and haven't been back to Katerbean since. I guess that is really the only thing this place has going for it.
2	Yeah, I agree with the general consensus of Katerbean. One of these days, I'm going to write an anonymous note that will include a copy of this review. I don't think that the owners mean any harm by leaving the wall painted sherbet orange, sans artwork, but may just need some guidance.Yes, the place smells. A good carpet scrubbing would work, but tearing it up would be much better. The coffee is a step up from foldgers. The soy milk tastes like whole milk. Tables are often dirty.A little bit of interior design education, or change of management could make this place totally rock, especially with Root 176 and the Regent Theater right up the street. Regent Square is crying out for a good coffee shop! Could she be the one??? Hopefully someday? I am keeping my fingers (and toes) crossed!
1	Inattentive staff.  Dirty tables, I agree with the other reviews here.  I think the "Manager" only hires other smokers, and they spend 90% of their time sitting outside smoking, instead of being prepared to serve customers.  I go there because sometimes it's convenient, b/c of the location, but last week they left their A/C broken for over a week (in 80+ degree weather).  No additional fans, nothing.Then when it was fixed, I went in, ordered coffee and an order of hummus/carrot/celery (prepackaged).  Not only was the hummus watery from sitting in that container for several days, but the celery was rotting at the ends, yes brown and rotting.  I showed the kid working there, who was probably jonesing to have his next cigarette, and I asked for another one.  Without opening it I could see at least 2-3 of the other servings of hummus were also all watery and had celery that was starting to rot, just like the one I was given.  I asked for my money back.  You know what was the worst thing, though?  The kid (he knows nothing about customer service let alone food service) put the containers with the watery, rotting celery back in the case, to serve to other unsuspecting customers!  Hello, Allegheny County Health Department?....Then the ultimate insult: 2 kids came in selling candy bars.  I've seen this there before, but this time, I said to them: "You know, this is a business, you shouldn't be here."  Well, the older of the 2 girls (probably 11-12 at most - where is her mother?) put her hands on her hips and said in a smart-ass tone: "We asked da owner, we is allowed ta be here."Well, that coffee I spent $2 on?  That is the last money I will spend in that place.  Disgusting.
1	My guess is that "Ruth K." was put up to writing a nice review by the staff or owner.  Regent Square deserves a better coffee shop, run by someone with good business sense.  What kind of a "business" only prepares food (chicken/tuna salad, hummus) once a week?  Does chicken salad hold a week in your fridge?  Also, whenever they lose an employee, they just shuffle their schedule and close at 6 pm for a few months.  They should be open till 10 pm as it is, with all the foot traffic in the neighborhood, especially in the summer. My guess is they see this place as nothing more than a loss leader for the bar they own next door.   Otherwise you would think that since opening in 1995 they could at least take the time to slap a coat of fresh paint on the place!BTW, Katerbean did go smoke free before the Allegheny County ordinance went into effect, but the place to this day reeks of stale smoke.Added note: looks like my previous review was somehow deleted.  I'll just say I received an order of hummus that was watery and had rotting celery in it.  Tried to get another and 3 or 4 of the orders in the case were all in the same condition. I asked for a refund, and afterwards watched the kid working there put the other containers back in the cooler to sell to other customers. That was the last straw.  I won't spend another dollar there.
1	I really want this place to be awesome, because, yet again, I want Regent Square to be an up and coming area.  This place has been here for years, and as I sit drinking my bitter, bitter coffee, and smelling the overwhelming scent of (I believe) dog pee, I wonder how it's even possible.  The three times I've been here, I'm greeted as if I'm a colonial space marine trying to fish a child out of a vent.  They always sit in the corner peeking over the top of the counter as if I am terrifying to them, then duck out of the way.  Then grudgingly come when I peek around the counter at them.  If I didn't, I'm convinced that they would just sit there, as if they're not certain of what position they hold in this place, or what the next step should even be.  This is what I like to call, "The Dance of Shitty Customer Service."  Today (and I write this longingly looking over at Square Cafe) I decided to give it a chance because it never is crowded, and I figured the quiet would be a good thing.  The girl at the counter was on the phone, and that's the way it stayed for two minutes until I said 'excuse me?'.  The charming reply: "Yeah?" She grudgingly got off the phone, and after accomplishing the Herculean task of handing me a cup, I pumped this swill that I'm currently drinking.She's currently muttering under her breath back in her corner.  I'm not sure if maybe she's having a bad day, or she's just an asshole, but...if I had to bet, I'm going with asshole.This place has pretty expensive coffee for how awful it is, and the food...Just don't eat the food.  (side note: this place isn't quiet at all when somebody orders something.  She stomps around like she's being sent to her room.  Then continues muttering)Okay, so this place is a travesty.  Bad coffee, bad odor, bad lighting, unbelievably bad, grudging service.  I would beg the owners to put any effort into this place.  As it is now, it's cornered the market in Regent Square, and sits like a middle finger boastfully pointing at the people of Braddock Avenue.
3	I visited here for the first time today, although I've had drinks from here before. The kid at the counter was nice enough, so service was not an issue. The atmosphere inside pretty much sucks though...and you have to work pretty hard to make a cute little neighborhood coffee shop have zero atmosphere. The first thing you see when you walk in a sign alerting you of the "RULES": to not use your cell phone at the counter, and that you must pay for something to sit inside, use the restrooms, or use the WiFi. Now, I understand the sentiment of these rules, they are common sense and fair. But it's a rather negative note to start off your experience being yelled at by a sign assuming you are there to steal their interwebz. It just doesn't feel warm or welcoming somehow. The front counter is poorly organized and rather unattractive. If it ever gets busy in there I'm willing to bet it gets rather chaotic.I ordered an iced vanilla latte, so I was quite surprised when the kid pulls out a pitcher from the fridge of what I can only guess was refrigerated espresso. That was rather disappointing; there's no reason an iced latte shouldn't be prepared with fresh espresso shots. Not surprisingly, it tasted bitter like...old espresso. Then I finished the drink to find the cup was 90% full of ice. I mean, come on. My lemon almond biscotti was delicious. The rest of the offerings in the pastry case appeared pretty underwhelming though; standard prepackaged muffins and cookies. With the number of excellent bakeries in this area, I don't see why they couldn't partner up with someone to provide some higher quality foods.I think this place could learn a lot from Square Cafe as far as decor and atmosphere go. It needs a little pep, a little warmth, SOMETHING. And they need to learn how to make iced lattes correctly. And they could also use an upgrade on their website...it's pretty amateurish and has a 1992 flair... Basically they just need to show a little effort.I love to support local businesses, but there should be more of a reason for me to return than the fact that it's the only coffee shop in town.
1	Ughhhh, Katerbean is the abusive boyfriend that I keep coming back to and hate myself for it. There is nothing else around and convenience wins today due to the snow, and my extreme exhaustion and need for caffiene.Why, do you ask? I just asked the gal behind the counter, kindly, if I could borrow a pen for a moment. I got an annoyed sigh, an eye roll  and zero eyecontact. Really? I asked for a pen, not a kidney. My pleading for a coffee shop intervention from someone, anyone, is now a red alert! Help us RS residents, please!
2	Yeah, I'm not coming here anymore.1) They charge extra for whipped cream.2) They use canned whipped cream. If you're gonna charge me for whipped cream you damn well better make your own fresh whipped cream. Jeez.3) My hot chocolate was just gross. Like they use Hershey's chocolate syrup or something. Yuck.4) I saw how they keep their filters prefilled with ground coffee just sitting out on the counter to get stale! WTF?Sigh. I hope the people at Biddle's Revenge open that place up soon and know WTF they are doing...
1	Is it possible to give zero stars?  If so, Katerbean would rate a zero.Bad atmosphere, unfriendly employees, slow and reluctant service, pump your own coffee, dingy interior, dirty tables.  If they only had telescreens which couldn't be switched off, then this place would be a perfect setting to film Orwell's "1984".
2	Cigarette smoke and ashtray smells combined with mediocre coffee and subpar customer service are not my cup of tea, and I never even rank the tea here. Thank the Flying Spaghetti Monster that Biddle's Escape opened and now I have absolutely no reason to go to Katerbean.
