1	So after using Clean Freak for years, I tried this place out. I moved from central phoenix to 75th and L. Buckey rd. I didnt want to drive the 20+ miles to Clean Freak so I decided it was time to find myself a new car wash. Super Star is right across the street from me. My first impression was "hm, this place looks nice!". Lets just say first impressions are NOT lasting impressions. Ok so, a little about Clean Freak comparing Super Star. Clean Freak has the cheap wash of $3, which is the comparison of the $5 Super Star. Clean Freak has FREE vacuums INCLUDED in their $3 wash, PLUS free compressed air to use to spot clean your vehicle free of leftover water. Oh, and Clean Freak gives free towelets to clean the inside of your car as well.Not only was Super Star $2 more expensive than Clean Freaks basic wash service, but you get much less as well. After paying at the express lane ($5),I pulled forward. There was not an attendant waving cars into the wash tunnel. I pulled forward and waited. ..and waited...and waited. Finally an employee spotted me waiting for the wash tunnel to take me in, he aapproahed my car and requested my reciept. After producing it, he went inside and pressed a button to get the wash tunnel moving. The wash cycles did not clean my new car the way Clean Freaks did. Leaving unwashed areas on the sides. After the dry cycle finished, there were water spots EVERYWHERE!  It wouldn't be so bad if I could of used the compressed air. Ahh, but apparently that is reserverd for the other basic wash of $10. Ah well, keep my 5 bucks. I wont be coming back.
2	I have always gone to the location on Dysart but now that I moved this is closer to me. I like that it wasn't so busy even for Valentines day when I pull up of course there is an attendant named Kelly Nelson who tries to sell my many things I agree to a wash/wax then he tries to sell me the carpet shampoo I told him I didn't have the time he assured me it would take 2 hrs max. 3 hours later I ask how much longer and they tell me almost another 2 hours!!!! Making it a total of 5 hrs! Needless to say I was furious one of the managers came to assist me with my problem and at the end of the day I left with 4 free car washes (the good kind). and they rushed the process by putting 3 people to do the shampooing. I'm thankful for the manager but not for the attendant that was off by 3 hours.
1	This place is close to home however the customer service is horrible. And if you complain it only gets worse. They crank so many people through they don't care if you are happy. Some competition close by could make them reevaluate how they treat customers.
1	BEWARE! I brought my Ford Focus in earlier this year to have the interior shampooed and needless to say, it didn't even looked like the upholstery was touched. The greeter is very rude and stuck-up, and the guy who "shampooed" my interior had a chip on his shoulder. FYI: that night, a Mexican man had his Ford Expedition thoroughly detailed and the worker was extremely friendly with him??? I call that a lack of professionalism! Because I paid $60, yes, $60 for a quality job, I took the car back and the seats STILL did not look shampooed. I could literally see tons of light spots that were not even moist... Basically, this place is full of prideful Mexicans (no offense) and they have no sense of quality work. I still regret ever going here and absolutely recommend you to stay away from this location!
