5	I was looking for an aftermarket muffler for my truck. They had the product in stock installation was quick and professional. Price was reasonable.  I would definitely refer them.
5	Yelp 100 Challenge 14' * 32/100Great, speedy service! Papa took me here to have my car's muffler fixed last week as prompted by our mechanic. When we arrived later in the afternoon, Tino - who recognized papa from their phone conversation - accommodated us and took my car out back where we could see them do the repairs in the open. Papa and I merely waited by the television and helped ourselves to some water and comfy couches. The repair work took about 30 minutes at most and we were out there in a jiffy. Since engine's error code could not be read through the scanner, Tino advised me to take the car out for at least a 45 minute drive, to which I did the next day and everything is all set.A few days later, we took it for a smog test and it instantly passed. Great job, highly recommended muffler/auto repair shop!
4	Did a great job with a custom dual side-exit exhaust on my latest project car.One side had to be readjusted slightly and re-welded because it wasn't lined up absolutely perfectly (took about 5 minutes to fix) but after the adjustment everything was golden.This completed car will appear live on FOX Sports this fall as it will be sold to the highest bidder at the Barrett-Jackson Las Vegas Collector Car Auction.Thanks Advance Mufflers!
5	I went here to get my resonator deleted and they did an awesome job, very fast, I also have them modify a performance muffler onto my car and they did it with ease! They did whatever I asked for and couldn't be any happier, all at a reasonable price! Will come again and recommend everyone to come here for exhaust work.
5	Took my '36 Ford "Hot Rod"  to ADVANCE MUFFLER on Sahara where  Temo and his helper installed a custom system for my car.  Gave him my ideas on how it should be done and then he came up with some even better ideas!  Job was done on time and at a fair price.  I highly recommend this shop.
