4	Zio (which means uncle in Italian) is a fantastic AUTHENTIC ITALIAN restaurant nestled in a Myers Park strip mall.  The owners moved to Charlotte from upstate New York 5 years ago and their food is truly a reflection of their roots!  Simple, delicious sauces, fantastic pizza and the prices are ridiculous (Stuffed Eggplant Parmesan for $8.95!)  If you are in search of some REAL Italian food, you owe it to yourself to try this place out :-)
5	I'm a little surprised no one has reviewed Zio yet. I guess that means my first review will also be the first for one of my favorite restaurants in Charlotte.Most of my visits, I've had the angel hair and meatballs. While obviously not an elaborate dish, I can find no fault with the quality of the red sauce, the homemade pasta or the HUGE meatballs. This IS comfort food at it's finest.Folks I've dined with have gotten more sophisticated dishes and been just as marvelled (the chicken therese garners a lot of praise).The service has always been impeccable!! They've always been willing to substitute so you get exactly what you want.Their prices are quite reasonable (especially for Good Italian).The only negative I can offer is about the desserts. I thought the tiramisu was only pretty good (I have also tried the canoli, but I'm not a big fan of canoli in general).I still need to try their pizza.Overall, service is great, atmosphere is low-key, prices are good and the food's amazing.
5	I'm still waiting for this place to disappoint me - have had nothing but AMAZING food and service here.  I had the Sausage and Red Pepper Grilled Pizza and it might be my new "usual".Also, anything on their special list is worth trying.  Most recent visit, we had the Spanish Tapas (which was Chorizo and roasted potatoes with olives) and it was amazing!
4	The place was rather crowded when we got there, especially for a Monday night, and they were understaffed, so rather than wait twenty minutes for a table, we sat at the bar, which was an excellent choice.  The bartender was GREAT, there were lots of open seats, and there was a baseball game on the flatscreen in the corner.There's bread to start with a choice of butter or red pepper pesto, which tasted like marinara to me.  We both ordered salads and pasta dishes.  My companion cleaned both his plates and said the lasagna was very good.  I ordered a avocado, tomato, and mozarella salad special which was DELICIOUS.  I also got the baked ziti, which was nicely seasoned and huge enough that I ate it for dinner the two nights afterwards too.  The food was moderately priced for the quality.Another shout out to the bartender is well deserved.  He was attentive without being overbearing and was great to chat about baseball with.  He also deftly handled the bar customers and all the take-out orders.  I didn't catch his name, but I get the feeling he's there a lot and his long ponytail makes him pretty identifiable.Long story short: go to Zio!  Tasty food and friendly staff.
4	Zio is the epitome of a neighborhood restaurant.  It is off the beaten path, a casual meeting place with outside seating.  Zio has a warm feeling when you walk in the door, I mean the whiff of garlic knocks you down, heat pouring out of the kitchen, it is very comforting.   Even if you haven't been there, you know you have found a gem.I have been a couple of times with large groups, great for ordering a lot of food and eating family style.  I love ordering a large pizza for an appetizer. YUM cheese overcooked please.   I went for lunch once and they told me they didn't serve pizza at lunch, that was a little mind boggling.  Maybe we should have our first 2010 CLT yelpers at Zio!!!
5	Great place and great food. Took Ted F.'s suggestion and ordered the Sweet Sausage grilled pizza - very tasty. We had the chocolate cake for dessert - out of this world.
5	Grilled pizza, amazing! The whole cloves of garlic roasted on the margharita pizza are a treat as is the flaky, crispy, soft crust. Yeah, it's all those things at once. In warmer weather, enjoy the outdoor seating or in the cold, warm yourself inside with a superbly friendly staff. The one thing i warn about is the cake--an original recipe from Italy--as once you try it, you will have to have more. Love this place!
5	On TR's suggestion, we met up for the first UYE of 2010 at Zio - a friendly neighborhood place that serves "Homemade Pasta, Grilled Pizza and Hot Pies (Pizza)".Though recent UYE gatherings have focused on the "Training Wheels" series, we decided this time to take another tactic and just get together instead of diving into a (generally) new cuisine.This was probably because we hadn't done so in a bit, as the "Thanksgiving in January" event was canceled (postponed, hopefully) due to snow.Unfortunately, it was snowing again - luckily not enough to cause a complete cancellation this time, but still it was disconcerting.  Perhaps the weather gods have something against us.Once inside, we found a warm atmosphere - though if it's cold outside, you won't want to sit too close to the door.  TR says the other side can get warmer because it's close to the kitchen, and we might have wanted to do that because every time the door opened it sent in a new shivery blast.  It may not matter at different times of year, but this one caused me to want to put my coat back on more than once.The tables come with a nice helping of bread, complete with butter and marinara, which was good, but because the marinara is served cold, it didn't help.  Piping hot marinara would have been nice.We started ordering like we hadn't eaten in forever.  Perhaps we hadn't - but the poor server (Melissa?) could hardly keep up.  First a pizza.  Then some pasta.  Some salmon cakes.  Beef spiedies.  It's really amazing that it all came out at about the same time, and that was just the appetizers, not to mention the drinks that kept flowing the whole time!After they were ordered (one at a time, no less - not all at once), we ordered some entrees, and at least we acted like we had been at a restaurant before, getting the order in all in at the same time.  Of course, when those were delivered, we started trading food like we either didn't like what we ordered or were a bunch of old biddies who couldn't make up our minds what we wanted.Still, a good time was had by all (except perhaps the staff).All in all, we had four of the pizzas, a couple of pasta dishes, the beef spiedies and the salmon cakes.  I don't think I missed anything.  For pics, check out the main Zio review.  Since there wasn't anything especially made for us, I added them there so people could check them out.Glad to see Bill F., Dave S., Denise E., Julia S. and of course TR P. at the UYE.  Whoever said size mattered?  This crew made for a fine event.  Thanks for organizing it, TR!
3	Zio is a friendly neighborhood place that serves "Homemade Pasta, Grilled Pizza and Hot Pies (Pizza)".The location of Zio can make it a bit hard to find..  Just head down Middleton Drive and park in the lot on the right, then down the stairs and you're there.  That wasn't bad, was it?Once inside, you'll find a warm atmosphere - though if it's cold outside, you won't want to sit too close to the door.  Apparently the other side can get warmer (according to TR) because it's close to the kitchen, but families generally sit there (you may want to keep this in mind if you have a rowdy bunch - that's up to you).The tables themselves come with a nice helping of bread, complete with butter and marinara.  The bad thing is that the marinara is cold.  Not room-temperature cold, but out-of-the-fridge cold.  It would be nicer if the marinara was at least lukewarm, if not actually heated.  Still, it's not bad.As to the menu, it's a bit sparse, but that's not a bad thing because of the selection.You'll find a handful of appetizers, such as salmon cakes (two, which are more ball-shaped than cake-like), beef spiedies eggplant and mozzarella rounds.  There are salads and daily soups - generally at least one is vegetarian-friendly.The pasta is homemade or "imported" (not sure what the latter means exactly), and the sauce on the pasta is very light and quite tasty.  It also differs from the sauce on the pizza, which can be unusual - some places serve up the same stuff on both.Speaking of the pizzas, there are two varieties here - grilled pizza and thin crust.  For the life of me, I couldn't tell the difference.  Both are a thin crust, and both are fairly crispy.  The grilled is cut into squares while the "standard" is cut in a more traditional wedge shape.  But both taste about the same (toppings excepted).I'm a fan of grilled pizza, and they advertise as having the only grilled pizza in Charlotte, which I don't think is true (Revolution does as well, I believe).  But the pizzas are pretty good either way.We had four of them altogether - cheese, pepperoni, sausage and white.  All were tasty.  I think the white was my favorite (naturally, it was the one I ordered).  The grilled didn't do as well out of the fridge the next morning, but if you don't have leftovers, that may not matter.Service was excellent, even though we had a tendency to order one at a time (oh, I'd like this!), and items came out in a generally ordered fashion.  Glasses were filled whenever they dipped low, drinks kept coming.  All-in-all a nice experience.  Not great, but definitely solid and worthwhile.Perhaps a bit on the pricey side for pizza and pasta, but not bad at all.  Check out the UYE review for details on the event itself.
3	If you're missing NY street-style cheese pizza, it is happening here. You know what I'm talking about - crisp, burnt floury bottom, salty, oozey greasy cheese, a smidge of sauce. Delish.Shared a Eggplant Parm entree with TR and was far more impressed with the pasta side than the eggplant. Too salty, reheated textures, meh. Supposedly a lot of their pastas are made in-house, and I can't wait to sample more of 'em.Our table was a little awkward, but our waitress did her best. Decent selection of tap beers. Cozy, interesting space. I'll be back!
4	I love our CLT Yelp crew and we could probably hit the crappiest 'raunt in town and still have a rad time. It was also snowing, or trying to. Still had the regs show up ready to nosh.Zio was good, accommidating, comfy. Our annoying questions and distracted ordering were handled with aplomb. The bruschetta puree was, I'm assuming, intentionally chilled, and I dug. Thanks, TR, for getting us here - tucked away where it is, I'd probably have never made it here on my own. Parking looks like it could get rough but there's another lot next to the one directly in front of Zio, so I imagine you could stick your vehicle there in a pinch.
4	Zio is one of my favorite Italian restaurants in Charlotte. Walk down a couple of steps and you feel like your walking into your own home. The staff could not be more accommodating and friendly. We made a reservation for a party of ten for my birthday and they had everything set and ready to go when we walked in. They make some of the best desserts I've had in town the chocolate cake is a must. My friends had ordered an entire cake for my birthday and they were more then happy to let me take the rest pf the cake home with the pan and everything. As far as the entrees go the salmon picatta is excellent , they make homemade pastas with their dishes that alone is worth trying this little find. I crave the Caesar salad, and the wedge salad is just as good. It's a little hard to find I always look for the Boston Market on Providence as my guide. I always see people running in to pick up pizza's to go I have not had the opportunity to try their pizza yet but I look forward to it on my next visit.
3	On my Italian quest, I decided to give Zio a try with my 'I love pizza' 3 year old.  I tried the Grilled sweet sausage pizza because of the reviews and it was pretty darn good, but I wasn't a big fan of the grilled crust.  I think I will give it another try but go with the new york style.
5	As I was eating the pizza (or 'hot pie' as they call it) I told my husband that I was never eating pizza anywhere else again!  It was SO GOOD!!  I will definitely be going back.  The only bad thing is we have had bad service twice (as in waiting a long time for someone to get our drink order) but the food more than makes up for it.
2	If Yelp  had 1/2 stars this would be a one and a half.  I reserve 1 stars for places that I truly dislike.  This restaurant I just kind of felt sorry for.  Nothing that the "slick" old family feeling that their menu invokes came through.  Maybe after all this is just a good pizza restaurant.  I had spaghetti with sea food sauce, a small salad, and club soda. No bread was forth coming.  This came to $19.50.  The only thing good about the pasta was that it was cooked  well not over or under but al dente.  The sauce which had a few sprigs of spinach , a few shrimp , a number of unidentified little balls of something that did not look like any sea food that I was familiar with and one, count 'em up folks, one piece of squid.  The marinara  sauce was bland. watery, and boring as hell.  They need to move up one shelf at the Harris Teeter.  I was shown to a table in the back room where the constant chatter of the wait staff centered on mostly last nights date, last weeks party etc. Noisy!.  I was never asked whether my food was satisfactory how I felt about world peace, or any thing for that matter.  This place in my estimation has little idea of the basics of restaurant hospitality.  When I finished my main course I was handed my check. No questions i.e. How was is it? would you care for dessert? How about some coffee? Don't get me wrong. No one was rude. A pleasant woman up by the door thanked me for coming and hoped I would be back.  I will think very seriously about that -- but at this point it doesn't look likely.
5	This is the best, consistently good Italian food in Charlotte at a fantastic price.  The salads are wonderful - unbelievably tasty.  Chicken parm is unbeatable and "duff's hot pie" is the best pizza in Charlotte.Can't go wrong for the price and quality.Have had slow service at times but have usually been extremely pleased.
5	I just love this place - was craving some pizza last night and had yet to try  Zio's since everytime I go I crave their yummy pasta dishes.  Plus I really needed to return the cake pans from the chocolate cake I had for my birthday for the last two years.  If you have not had the chocolate cake you have no idea what you are missing out on. The pizza was so good and the people are just awesome I feel very comfortable in this place.
4	I met a friend for a late supper last night at Zio and had the lasagna which was as beautiful to look at as it was delicious.  The sauce was so fresh and the pasta was cooked perfectly and layered with super thinly sliced meatballs and ground sausage and LOTS of cheese and was very, very yummy!  He had a bolognese dish with homemade noodles that were very good!  I also sampled a beef spiedies appetizer (thanks for the name fellow yelper!)  that was very tender and cooked and seasoned perfectly!  We enjoyed a beautiful deep purple blackberry gelato served with a flaky biscuit like pastry and strawberries (minus whipped cream at our request) as our dessert and LOVED it!The ambiance is very unassuming yet quaint and the restaurant was full on a Wednesday night - always a good sign!  Our waiter was attentive and made some great suggestions and admissions of some menu items that were better than others in his opinion!  A great first experience to Zio and I would recommend it and try it again!
4	They've just got really tasty Italian food.  The pasta is delicious.  I've enjoyed their angel hair with vodka sauce and prosciutto a couple of times.  DX has enjoyed a few of their chicken entrees.  The dessert we tried was a cabernet/raspberry gelato, very refreshing, like a frozen sangria.  The first time we went the service was almost over the top friendly - the hostess, the waitress were just gushy. I think it was a Friday night.  We went again on a Saturday night with a slightly larger party and the service was a bit more absentee, seemed a bit more rushed, but honestly was not bad.  The prices are so reasonable, some dishes just under $10, most not over $20,  especially considering the quality of the food.  The ambiance is a bit on the casual side but really this is a superb Italian restaurant, great for a fun date or a family outing.  If you're not trying to pay extra for a dark secluded corner (not a lot of those here to be honest) then there's no reason to go anywhere else for delicious, reasonable Italian.
2	Great food.  The pizza was perfect and the salad was excellent.The service was HORRIBLE!  We got our food before our drinks arrived.  My friend ordered another glass of wine throughout our meal, and had to remind the server about it.  We got our bill, which was not ours.  No big deal.  We then got our bill ($44) and included a credit card along with $30.  The server took it without listening to us and came back with change and the card.  We explained we wanted her to run $14 on the card.  She took the card back, then proceeded to take an order on the phone as well as chat with the bartender.  Once I made a comment to the owner, we finally got our bill thrown to us as she stormed off.There are plenty of restaurants that need our business.  Obviously, this is not one of them.  We won't be back anytime soon.
5	We went for our anniversary based off the other reviews I had read off Yelp and can happily say it was a great decision!   Andrew, our server, was incredibly personable, helpful, and never gave us the chance to hit the bottom of our glasses!   My fiance had the stuffed eggplant & I had the grilled artichoke pizza... both were fantastic!   Pricing was actually lower than I'd have expected for it to be as wonderful as it was.  We'll DEFINITELY be going back!
3	We had dinner last night at Zio and overall I wasn't very impressed.We started with bread which was nice and crusty but was served with  cold sauce ...heated up would have been much tastier. Our server took our order but wasn't very friendly - and apparently forgetful. Five minutes later another server asked us what our entrees were again. I ordered a salad with my meal ,but eventually it became clear she forgot to bring it out. When I asked her about it again, she goes "oh you wanted it in the beginning? - it's ready now its just sitting back there." No, I want my caesar to sit back there sopped in dressing so the romaine becomes wilted. She then brought out my salad and meal together ...but my roommates salad was brought out shortly after. If it is a meatless salad there really isn't an excuse not to bring them out together. My salad was good -the dressing was clearly homemade, and the lettuce luckily still crisp. My roommate also liked her salad. My pasta dish (which was a special), tasted just ok. I am picky when it comes to good italian, but I felt that the tomato cream sauce was watery and the dish seemed more like something from a chain like TGI Fridays (covered in un-melted cheese  - veggies cut very small - sparce ingriedients that didn't seem to be high quality). The meal was big and the price was fairly inexpensive ($16 for salad and pasta dish). - 1 star for lackluster entree -1 star for poor service.
4	Usually Zio would get 4 stars from me... If I had only gotten the Speedies, Zio would be getting 5 yelp stars Today!  Last night as usual the Speedies were fast and great ,Perfect, really!  The House made Fetticunni was very good, though the Marinara was way too watery and not as rich in flavor as it is sometimes.  The service was great!  The dessert was Chocolate Cake made in house I'll rate the cake at 1.5 yelp stars to be generous!  Of course I would return because it has been so good in the past and this place has great potential to be romantic!
3	I lived across the street from Zio for two years.  Literally a stone's throw = I've been there several times.Likes:  The harvest salad!, casual and friendly atmosphere, good prices.Dislikes:  The rest of the food I've had there is decent, but didnt blow me away.Take it or leave it:  Take it if you're looking for a friendly and local Italian place.  Prices are really good for Myers Park.  Get the harvest salad.
4	Great food in a nice, laid back setting. Staff is very friendly. Rare to find such quality in food at a family friendly restaurant. Very versatile place. Works just as well for a great date night as it does for a good place take the family.
5	After being disappointed by several expensive Italian restaurants in a row, Zio knocked my socks off.  Great prices and the spiedies are where it's at if you happen to like beef and bread.  Hooya!
5	This is absolutely my favorite restaurant in Charlotte.  I love the family/casual atmosphere.  The knowledgeable and friendly staff treat us like family.    The menu is diverse and every dish is great.  Eat here...you'll come back again and again.
4	Great homestyle Italian fare.  Casual atmosphere, fairly inexpensive, and some of the best Salmon Picatta I've had in Charlotte.  Pizzas are great, too.
4	Good prices, friendly staff.  I really enjoyed my white pizza.
2	Great food.  The pizza was perfect and the salad was excellent.The service was HORRIBLE!  We got our food before our drinks arrived.  My friend ordered another glass of wine throughout our meal, and had to remind the server about it twice.  We got our bill, which was not ours.  No big deal.  We then got our bill ($44) and included a credit card along with $30.  The server took it without listening to us and came back with change and the card.  We explained we wanted her to run $14 on the card.  She took the card back, then proceeded to take an order on the phone as well as chat with the bartender.  Once I made a comment to the owner, we finally got our bill thrown to us as she stormed off.There are plenty of restaurants that need our business.  Obviously, this is not one of them.  We won't be back anytime soon.
4	Me likey!!  Let's be honest...I think the real reason I liked this place is because it felt like I was walking into my grandma's kitchen.  She is old school italian and has some of the same creepy black and white photos of random Italian families hanging on her walls...And her house has the aroma of garlic 24-7.  :)No, seriously...I was impressed with Zio.  I don't eat Italian out very often because I prefer homemade sauce and pasta.  I am an Italian food snob because I come from an italian family...sorry, just being honest.  But, Zio was pretty decent.  I liked the atmosphere...as I described earlier..I expected grandma to walk out of the kitchen at any moment.  It is a low key, casual environment...which is great.I went with the basic angel hair and meat sauce with meatballs dish.  It was very good.  The sauce was a little tangy and maybe slightly too salty for my taste but it was good and homemade so I can't complain.  The meatball was very good as well.  It was also homemade and had a lot of flavor.  My dining partners tried the Penne Vodka and the Salmon Piccata and they were very impressed.  The vodka sauce was a little runny but it still had great flavor and a ton of fresh cut garlic so that was awesome. The bread they serve with your meal was very good but I will say the herb infused olive oil was a bit bland.  We had to add salt and pepper so it didn't just taste like vegetable oil.  I am questioning if they ran out of olive oil and just served us something else.  Not sure...I hear the pizza is the way to go with Zio and I will definitely be back so that will be the next thing I try.  But, overall, I think it is a good, down-home, authenticish Italian restaurant here in Charlotte.
4	I ordered the pear and Gorgonzola pizza, and my wife ordered the Uncle Duff pie with jalapenos, mushrooms and onions.  My pizza was a little greasy but delicious overall. My wife thought her pizza was good, was perfect for thin crust lovers and had a good proportion of toppings. The prices are good for what you get. Wine list is reasonable but mainly Italian. The service could have been better. Our waitress disappeared for awhile and failed to check on us. Parking and seating is a bit cramped. But overall it's a good neighborhood joint.
3	Had dinner here with a few friends for a birthday, and I was really excited to try it after reading all the good reviews. It is a nice little place, feels very "homey", and comfortable! Menu looked great, as well as the specials that our server let us know about. For my first time here I wanted to stick with something simple so I could get a feel for the place. At our table, 1 ordered the Mahi Mahi special, we got a grilled sausage & pepper pizza, some penne with sausage, and a chicken parm. Everyone really liked their food! The pizza was great, loved the slight char from the grilling. Nice thin crust. Mahi was very good, risotto it was served on was very good as well. The food was all fantastic. The reason I am only giving 3 stars is that the service left a lot to be desired. Our server was very friendly, laid back, and "chill", saying "dude" and other dead surfer terms. His big downfall wasn't his lingo though believe it or not. He chose to not write down anything for a table of 6, and it showed. He came back to the table 2x to confirm who had ordered what. Then he put our pizza in wrong, and had to run to the kitchen and tell them the correct pie. THEN when it came time for the checks, he had everything mixed up, some peoples entrees on other peoples checks. He was very nice and friendly, but didn't seem to have it all together. I can't wait to go back and try more of the menu, because again, the food was fantastic. Just hoping I get another server next time!
4	First time at Zio: I was welcomed very well. I had a glass of Zin suggested by John. Good and affordable. I chose to take out and ordered the homemade  fettuccini with spinach, white beans and tomatoes. Nice flavors. I'll go back.
5	My favorite new neighborhood place for sure. I am not a fan of thick pizza, even coming from Chicago :) This place has amazing thin crust brick oven (smoky flavor and all) pizza. Service with a smile and very cozy. Its pretty casual, so great for family and friends. I'm looking forward to trying new items. The sauteed spinach pizza was amazing...even over pepperoni!
5	Best pizza I've ever put in my mouth. The crust is perfect, the sauce just right, perfect amount of cheese and the pepperoni is out of this world!!!
3	Great neighborhood Italian eatery, Great value for the restaurant location and food quality.
5	Best pizza I have ever put in my mouth!!!!! Perfect!
3	I've been searching for CLT's best pizza and finally made the visit to Zios.  Unfortunately it was just average.  Not bad, but not sure I would go back again just for the food.First, when I walked in there was an awful smell... kind of like dirty wet dish rags and reminded me of a dive bar bathroom.  Okay, after 5-10 minutes you get used to it, and we were sat near the door so maybe its not so bad elsewhere in the restaurant.  Either way, its a bad smell and needs to be corrected.On to the food... I read most of the reviews to figure out what best to order... started with the harvest salad (pretty good - I would recommend), then we got the angel hair pasta with meatballs (not bad, but nothing special) and then we got the grilled pizza (not my fav).  The pizza was supposed to have mozarella cheese, but it was so salty and was either not mozarella or was a very cheap one, like the kind that pizza shops use when they are cutting corners on cost.  I had high hopes, but the pizza let me down.  For now, I'll stick with Pure Pizza until I find one better.
4	Eat here often, good price on speggetti and meatballs and house salad.  However, last time I had it, the meatballs had slipped in quality .. would prefer one that was high quality rather than two of average quality.  The salad remains good, and house dressing is good.  Portions large enough you take home for another meal (for many of the entree's).  Very family friendly, nice enough atmosphere, although the most recent time the booth was under repair and not comfortable. I would say it was better a year ago, but that's subjective. Hope it survives and thrives, as it is a nice family alternative Italian chain operations.  They tend to separate the families with kids from the others, they have two dining spaces.  That's good.  The salad wedge is wonderful, try that if you haven't. Not cheap, however.
5	Just had the pizza but it was GREATUpdate: I've now tried a variety of dishes here and it never disappoints. I'm a true New Yorker and Italian food like this is hard to come by in Charlotte.
4	A great little neighborhood place to run into for a quick, yummy dinner or lunch. Absolutely the best side salad I've ever had, very generous. I ordered a regular pizza, which was fine. But my husband got a pear gorgonzola pizza that was awesome. We both ended up eating his pizza! The pizzas are very big, so one is all you need for two people and you'll probably end up still taking some home. Which is great because it makes a delicious lunch, even cold. Good service, friendly staff. It was a little cold the night we were there, so take a sweater.
4	When to Zio for a quick dinner the other night. This was not my first time coming to Zio as it is one of the quicker casual Italian restaurants in Charlotte. We got the Eggplant Parmesan and the Baked Penne. Both dishes were great and the eggplant came with homemade fettucine. Coming from an Italian family and Italian restaurant family, I am usually quite critical of italian restaurants, but Zio has a traditional style. The server was very nice and friendly and tenative which also made the food that much better. Next time I will try the pies and pizza!Tutti mangiamo!
4	This is a great little restaurant that was a total find! I ended up coming here for a birthday dinner and it was really good! I've been dying to go back since.
2	I've recently relocated from upstate ny and have been super nervous to attempt pizza in Charlotte. I've never actually left a review for a place but this experience has been less than ideal. The first issue was that we ordered online. The confirmation email stated what time out order would be ready. Showed up within 5 mins of estimated time and they never took the order off the printer.  The only reason I didn't leave two stars is because there was a complimentary beverage for my friend for the inconvenience. I ordered the caprese salad- this was a nightmare. I order this type if salad most places I go and this was definitely quite disgusting. The tomato (or 2/3 of a tomato) I got had definitely been refrigerated for at least a few days. It was pale orange and mushy. There were also like three tiny halved cherry tomatoes of equal refrigeration tossed in. Strange. The dressing (oil and balsamic ) was left in separate containers to add in myself. The only issue is that the balsamic was the consistency of motor oil. Not ideal. We also ordered a plain pie. It was ok. Very very thin crust, a little undercooked on the bottom. Overall I would say I wouldn't waste my time here for the pizza and don't even think about wasting the $7 or so bucks on that caprese salad.
5	I just want to emphasize the great service I always receive at Zio. The food is also well prepared and a good value. Tuesday is half priced bottles of wine.
4	Nice surprise. Wanted someplace quick and tasty before a movie at the Manor. Chicken Piccata was well prepared, veggies were nicely cooked and the service was attentive and friendly.  Zio will be on my casual dining list. Decent price, good food, what's not to like.
5	Tonight I took out their fish special. I'll have to say it was great. Flounder, green beans and orzo mixed with butternut squash and kale. Really, really good. I've had all good experiences with their specials.
5	Got another best pizza ever tonight!! Perfect crust, sauce, and just the right amount of cheese! Perfect!! The people who work there are great too!!!
2	Staff has changed and not for the better.  Gave it a couple of try's after I noticed a change but the friendly staff has been replaced by people that act like they hate being there and it is reflected in the quality of the food as well.
3	Update: menu has changed over the years. Food is still good, but I miss the marinara mixed with pesto that used to be served with bread. Love the pizza. Desserts have gone downhill - most recent cannoli was terrible. Service has seemed really slow the past few times we've been. There isn't a reason a pizza dinner should be 2+ hrs long - it was very frustrating, this place may turn into a takeout only choice.
2	Zio, I wanted to love you but your rambling ways turned me away.  The food I must say was fine but the service was just like a soup sandwich.  The cheese pizza was pretty fabulous and the grilled arugula salad I had was equally good.  No matter the food you have to figure out how to train the wait staff.  We had no less than four people visit our table which isn't the issue.  The issue is that none of them really took ownership of said table.  I went without my second drink due to just plain forgetting to get it via the waiter.  Generally slow service.  Figure that out and you've got a good gig going.
5	My favorite place to grab authentic Italian food. This place is what Italian should be, affordable, comfort food. Italian food I have been told is basically the equivalent of soul food up north. Zio has a great family friendly atmosphere and even though I am not Italian it brings me a sense of comfort every time I dine there. The meatballs are always fresh and the sauce is perfect, not too sweet. An experienced waitstaff adds to the experience, service is always on point and you feel that you are dining at Cheers, where everybody knows your name.
4	This is one of my favorite places in Charlotte. I'm going to be completely honest, I'm 100% biased to it because the original restaurant is actually from my hometown, from which I grew up 2 miles from. Not only the authentic recipes are the same from this little Upstate, New York gem, but the prices are reasonable and gives me a small piece of "home" down south. If you're looking for true authentic wood fired pizza, Zio's is your best bet. I love their grilled arugla salad or daily specials. True italian! The staff is friendly, but a little slow. I recommend this at 4 stars because of their low beer/wine selection and limited seating. Otherwise, bring the kids for a casual sit down or grab a pizza to go and inhale!
5	I stumbled onto this place while in town for a conference and stopped in for dinner. What an amazing find. Warm, friendly, family-style Italian place. The home-made pasta was tremendous, as was the Chicken Parmesan... After, I had a cannoli, which was also excellent.  Highly recommended for anyone who craves an easy-going, well-made Italian dinner...
4	I've been here twice.  The first time was a "5".  The last time was a "3".  So for now I'm giving it a 4.  We ordered two dishes.  One pizza which was excellent and one pasta dish which was horrible.  If you get some crappy dry pasta at Harris Teeter, dump some store bought tomato sauce on it, you then would have the dish that we were served.  It sucked.  The service was horrific.  Our initial server appeared to have Ogre DNA.  I say that from both an aesthetic standpoint and from an intellectual point of view.  We waited and waited.  Then he asked "Are you ready to order?".  We enthusiastically said "Yes!" as we had been waiting for a while.  He then walked away and after another 10 minutes passed I asked for a different server who was very good.  It's not as though the place was busy with it being after 9PM at this point.  It's too bad.  I really liked this place a lot initially.  But now I won't be rushing back.
5	Hey- Jason b- I'm the server that took over your table when you demanded a different server. I would like to say that it would have been nice if you let me know your pasta was dry cause I would have gotten you something  different- sorry about that. Our pasta is usually really good. It was after 9 which means we had already closed. We all really care about your experience and do our best. On a side note calling my co worker Marc an ogre is completely uncalled for. He's super knowledgeable about the menu. He works his butt off and couldn't be a nicer person. He's also smart and funny. You should be aware that these reviews are often read out loud at work meetings. Keep it about what we can improve- constructive criticism. Not what server is attractive enough to serve you. :(
5	The old "5 Steps Down" location! Love it. Awesome neighborhood spot. Fantastic pizza every time I have been. Service is hit or miss - maybe a staffing issue not bad talent. Nonetheless everything I have had here is great. Half price bottles of wine couple week nights.
