1	We heard about this at our pharmacy, because a patient inquired about IV vitamins and looked up "The Drip Room" online to see what it was about. We called The Drip Room and asked a staff member what medications were in the extreme party drip. He said he didn't know the names of the medications and all that he knew was that it was anti-nausea and anti-inflammatory. Online it says pain medicine. When asked where the medicaitons and IV's came from he said in "internationally renowned compounding pharmacies" but not the names of these pharmacies. We further inquired about the news on the meningitis from compounding pharmacies. He stated he had never heard of any such outbreak. SO they are clueless. He said there are naturopathic doctors and nurses there to give the IV and paramedics on staff. (???)We were told we could never get enough vitamins through our diet or supplements, no matter what we only get 30%. He said that the best is IV, then a shot and then sublingual through the mouth (anyone else know this is under the tongue). This place is a crock of crap. Who really wants to trust someone to give you an IV of "vitamins" and "medicines" when they don't know where they come from. Nevermind the contamination of the bags and where they are ordering from may or may not be accredited or legit. BE CAREFUL.
4	With it's modern/retro vibe and pristine environment, this place is truly a fun place to be while receiving one of the most effective, natural treatments out there. And not only that, I've found the team to be extremely knowledgeable regarding their services, and they are always willing to answer my questions (and I ask a lot- believe me lol). And the doctor- let's just say he knows his stuff, and on top of that, he's quite the looker ;)Some nurses/doctors would say I am a "difficult stick" when it comes to blood draws and getting IVs, as my veins are hard to see. I have never had a problem with the staff at The Drip Room- they get it right the first time every time!!! Completely competent, I wish the doctor would follow me around to LabCorp/SonoroQuest for when I need blood draws! Other than a little pinch in the beginning, getting the IV is completely painless!I'm a huge advocate of Nutrient IVs and have had them done before. Any time I'm sick and get an immune boosting IV- the next day I'm 75% better, almost guaranteed. Also- before or after any celebrations where alcohol is involved, it makes a huge difference in how you feel the next day. So take a product that I already love and pair it with an extremely competent crew at The Drip Room, and I become quite the happy, loyal fan- thanks for everything Drip Room :)
5	A group of us came into The Drip Room the second week it was open. I have to say it's a beautiful place. The most important thing though were the staff. Shirley, the owner was completely attentive to me and all of my questions. I really appreciated that she took her time to answer all of our questions. And boy we had many! There were 4 of us all together. I don't know how anyone could say anything other than good things because this place has it's stuff together.The oxygen bar was also incredible. We all got that plus various drips. I had the mega vitamin drip which I could really tell the next day was awesome. My friend got the detox and felt very energetic for days after. She had gone thru chemo about a year prior so this was incredible for her. She's gone a few times since and has loved every drip!The other important thing I want to mention is that I have gone to naturopaths in the past for IV drips that were outrageously cost prohibitive if I wanted to do them a couple of times per month. The Drip Room has made this health practice affordable for me. The Drip Room is bringing to Scottsdale a pretty innovative service that I have not seen elsewhere. It's about time because it solves a problem many of us have when we go to a naturopath. The cost and the ease of use. It's really affordable.I will be bringing all of my friends and telling everyone about this gem! Thanks again staff for your professionalism, knowledge and friendliness. You will be totally successful I'm sure.
5	I LOVE this place! I think the concept is fantastic so I had to try it! I've been there twice now and can't wait to get back there. The staff  is awesome and friendly. I've already referred a few friends there and have gotten great responses from them as well :)
5	I LOVE The Drip Room - I'm a member and go about 2 to 3 times a month. The team is amazing and the decor is fabulous!
5	I wanted to take a minute to let everyone know how great this place truly is! Not only is it a clean and relaxing environment, but the staff is also friendly and knowledgable. The place is seriously cleaner than any doctors office I have been in. They offer so many different options and can customize the drip to your specific needs. I have tried a few different drips and boosters and I am very happy with the results from all of them. My husband and I have been getting drips weekly for the past two months and I am so happy we found The Drip Room. I will admit that I was very skeptical about the whole idea of IV drips at first, but the skeptic in me is gone after feeling the results of the drips. Another added benefit is that you can feel at ease knowing you are dealing with Medical Professionals that actually know what they are talking about. Whether you partied too hard and need a cure for a hangover or would just like a boost to your immune system, make sure to check out The Drip Room!
5	This place is pretty awesome. I was given individual attention and a drip that was perfect for me. The massage chairs are awesome, watch out for the foot massagers ( they will get ya!). I feel great and I think the color of my skin improved.  I suggest this service to any and everyone.  They are very through with the intake, blood pressure,oxygen,heart rate... At no point did I feel unsafe or uncomfortable. The Drip Room is also very clean,the bathrooms down to the floors. Shirley, the owner I'm guessing,  is pretty awesome and very informative as well as the other staff. I also love that they are open on the weekends 10 to 4 pm. I looked into other options for the same service, they, for one were not open weekends and two did not offer as extensive services. I must not forget to mention the oxygen bar. The flavors are awesome and it's a very enjoyable experience. Oxygen is VERY important, to come and not inhale some pure oxygen for a while would be foolish. I can for-see this becoming an addiction much cheaper than drugs! I overheard that it is ideal to come once a week or a few to three times a month. They have a membership program if you decide to become an avid drip junkie.  They also have a pretty extensive essential oils menu. Thank you guys for helping me heal!
5	Love this place, what a great concept.  The owners are always friendly and willing to go the extra mile to make me comfortable to choose the best shot or drip for me.  I highly recommend at least a Vit boost shot.
