1	Gross, gross, gross. I used to shop here out of sheer laziness as it is the closest grocery store to my house, but those days are now officially over. I bought milk that was lumpy and spoiled and a cake that was green and fuzzy on the inside despite both being well in the 'safe range' on the expiration dates.  The lay out of this store isn't the best and their veggies and fruits always look to be on the verge of about to spoil. From now on, I will walk the 2 extra blocks to Metro.
1	Dumpy! Not a fan of this location. I don't like seeing expired spinach still on the shelves. Makes me worry what else is expired that may not have a date stamped on it like chicken! Cashiers are generally rude.
4	I feel like I'm going to a different grocery store than the one mentioned by the other Yelp reviewers. I'm staying nearby for a month, and I've already been here several times.It's packed in the early evening, and there isn't a lot of free space to move around, but other than that I've found this to be a nice and well-stocked place to get most groceries.Sure, the fruit and veg won't be as fresh as some of the dedicated shops nearby, but I've bought apples twice here without issue. Bread, meat and cheese have all similarly been good. My only gripe is the lack of any coupons or deals; if you're not careful you can easily ring up a larger-than-expected bill.Still, a fine place for most groceries if you live nearby.
3	I shopped here 2008-2011, and most recently from 2013 until now. Upside: convenient location, nice staff, decent selection. Downside(s): It took me a while to realize this, but it's really expensive! One day I saw limes for 99 cents each here, and they were five or ten for a dollar at two other places. About four or five times in the past six months, produce or bread or dairy I have bought has been expired, but I haven't noticed until I got home.  Try the fruit market across the street, as it is much cheaper and better.Update August 28, 2014: service and freshness continue to decline, as price increases! I'm not sure why they can't have food that is always fresh, given the prices. The times I have brought home fruit that is poor quality on the inside, or realized too late that something from the shelf was expired are too many. Customer service is poor.
