1	If you have a choice do not rent from the Hertz located inside Planet Hollywood or at least make sure you get a decent car. We placed a reservation for a 9am pickup and silly us, we expected to have an employee at the Hertz counter. We waited for 30 minutes just to have the Hertz representative return from wherever he went to. It took another 30 min just for him to confirm the rental, have us sign the paperwork, look at our credit card and give us the keys. Ridiculous! From there it doesn't get much better. The car was a white Nissan Altima, which we normally do not mind renting at all. This one was dirty inside and out (windshield interior was so dirty, my husband stopped for some Windex and paper-towels just to clean it so he could see!) The body of the car had seen much better days... dents, paint nicks and just dirty. I realize this is the desert and things get dusty. If I were Hertz I wouldn't want anyone to know that this is a vehicle we rent. If it had not taken an hour just to get the darn keys we would have done the 10 min walk back to the Hertz counter and asked for a different car. I am usually quite forgiving with companies... but Hertz has heard from us about this experience.
1	This is for Hertz at the airport location.I would give it zero star if yelp allowed.  Female agent was rude, unhelpful and unprofessional.  My bf made the reservation via Priceline.com n paid for it w my credit card cuz his was lost.  When we got to p up counter at the airport location at 9am, there was only one person helping customers. There were 3 other employees behind the counter but none bothered to help speed up the line.  they were only busy standing around n chatting among themselves.Finally it was our turn and we were told we needed to show cc with renters name on it,  we asked to add my name on rental since i have my cc, but their genius company policy doesn't allow any changes! Thankfully Priceline helped us cancel the reservation so we didn't lose the $250 to Hertz.  Immediately made online reservation w e-z car rental located 10 steps away n saved $60 n got a much better car due to a free double upgrade. Will not use Priceline agin as this was the second time we had reservation issues.  Will definitely not use Hertz again cuz clearly they don't care much about their customers.  I understand rules n policies... But at least explain with some level sincerity n a smile.  Will not recommend Hertz at all.  :-(Highly recommend e-z car rental. :-) same p up n drop off location near las Vegas international airport, much better rate, friendly n efficient staff.
5	This is for the Planet Hollywood location. I'm not too sure why the reviews are so bad; I had a great customer service experience at such a last minute time.I came with friends for EDC weekend; long story short we got stuck in Vegas and needed a car ASAP. We were already staying in Planet Hollywood, so I called downstairs and requested a car. I also told them that I have discount code which she gladly looked up for me. When we went downstairs I didn't realize that we needed a card to put the deposit on; so she kindly kept our car on hold while we went to find an ATM. Being 2 hours had passed, when we came back they still had everything on hold for us and we were out and ready to go within 20 minutes. The car was parked in self parking so we didn't have to get it right away. It was clean and ready to go. Drove it all the way back to San Francisco without any trouble returning it.Quick, Reliable, and very friendly. Don't hesitate to come here.
5	Rented from the  small Hertz office in the Flamingo hotel and returned at the airport.I took the monorail to the flamingo since we bought a pass.  I called the 800 # and found out that they had a great deal for a one day rental for $20  their and we were planning on going to take a drive to Red Rock Canyon outside of Vegas.  We were originally going to use Enterprise , but since  Hertz had a small office closer and Enterprise would not pick us up like they say in their ads.  We ended up going with them.
2	I wish I could put this as a 2-1/2 because while the experience was a disaster, the manager made up for the problems we experienced.So - just some things to note.This is not like your standard Hertz locations.You pick up the keys at the Planet Hollywood check-in desk (to the right).Then you have to go all the way to the South Parking Garage to the 8th floor and pick up the vehicle.  There is no attendant there.  There are no Hertz signs there.  There are no numbered spaces, and unfortunately even though I had a GPS, this location was not listed on the returns.We did not get the car we rented, the vehicle was almost out of gas and 3 tall women had no room to move in a convertible we did not want with almost no space for shopping bags.However, I will say that the manager is a class act -- when I dropped the keys off the next day (btw I had to repark back in that garage and hoof it back to the PH main desk), and explained all my concerns -- she gave us a credit for future use.I do think if you rent from here -- especially if you are not staying at Planet Hollywood hotel -- you should be aware of some of these oddities.Just fyi - I wish we had rented at the airport -- would have been so much easier and most hotels in Vegas don't charge for parking (even valet).  But don't forget to tip!:-)
2	I don't feel that much goes into renting a car, except the usual stuff: picking it up, waiting in a line, deciding whether to get insurance, knowing to put gas in the tank before returning, and returning the car.  Fine.  No problem.  What I have to say for the small Hertz location in the Flamingo Hotel is that there wasn't a line and it was easy enough to drop off the car and put the key in the box when no one was there.  Thanks.We rented online and had the amazing option to have free services to drop off the car with us.  It asked us for our address, too.  Super.  Now, if I misinterpreted what this meant, that is fine, but the problem is that after we completed our purchase, the address for pick-up we had entered wound up not being the one on the receipt.  We called Hertz at the Flamingo and left a voicemail, just to find out what to do.  No call back.  So we called again.  Left a voicemail.  No call back.  We went to pick up the car at the time expected, simply hoping for the best.  When we got there, the Hertz employee gave us our car, no problem.  When we expressed our concern about the lack of a call back and the confusion about picking up the car, we were ignored, and the pick-up-the-car process continued as if nothing was said.  No, "Sorry for the inconvenience, we'll look into it."  Just continued on.  I may have even looked around the room for confirmation I was really there.  I felt as though nothing we said during the process was actually heard, questions were not thoroughly answered.  And all of the directions given by the Hertz employee were so confusing that each time I heard one I looked at my girlfriend, she thought for a second, then interpreted.  And somehow, a reasonable price for a rental astronomically increased with additional charges for this and that.  Maybe usual, but it just seemed strange.  No thanks, Hertz.  Please improve service.  And return phone calls.  Or get rid of your voicemail.  Please fix.If you go here, you will get a car, and it will likely drive.  But everything in between just won't be excellent.
1	I am currently standing in the parking lot of where my rental car should be but there's no rental car in sight, at least not my car. From waiting in line at the desk to check in to waiting for someone to come find my car, it's been about an hour and a half. WTF?!  Even if it took a while, I just really need to know: WHERE IS MY RENTAL CAR?!?!  HOW IS MY CAR NOT HERE?!  There's no signs or stall numbers so you are really just wandering around in the parking garage area but it feels more like purgatory trying to find your car. Terrible. Never again!
