4	All three of my children have been going here since 2004. Dr. Werther is the best doctor! Since we started seeing him, our wait time has been cut to almost zero! He amazingly patient and thorough! I love how he speaks to and relates to my children (ages 12, 10, 6). If you choose EV Pediatrics, request Dr. Werther! He is VERY experienced!
2	This review perhaps doesn't make sense at first, because I love our Pedatrician. We see Dr Lorenzen and she is truly the best. She takes her time with each patient/parents etc. However, more often than a doctor I would like to just speak with the triage nurse (gone are the days where you could speak with a doctor), but it takes 8 HOURS for her to ever call back simply because there is one nurse for the entire practice which I think consists of 6 offices. This seems ridiculous and surely I am not the first to complain. It would be easier to waste my time and the doctors time by making an appointment for nonsense questions . They will get you in on the same day typically if your child is sick. However, to save a copay and hauling kids in, it would be really fantastic to get a call back from the nurse within 2 hours, not 8. This has happened every time I have called, which is really maybe twice a year. I am not the crazy parent who calls for everything. I just think it isn't asking much to get a call back while your child is still a child. It has been 8 hours and I am still waiting. This seems like something to consider when seeking out a Pediatrician. Just thought I would pass this along.
1	I always had mixed emotions about this place, it seemed as if Dr. Werther was so hit and miss, one appointment he would be fine and the next I would question the validity of his medical training in all aspects, especially his bed side mannerism. We also had a family member that went here who concurred with our sentiments.We had been wanting to switch doctors for a bit but the process was expiated after this experience.... one morning our 16 month old daughter woke up and could not walk and her knee was very swollen. I immediately knew this was a much more serious situation than just a swollen knee. I told my wife to get her into the doctor ASAP with the caution to demand testing and actual proof of whatever opinion the doctor held. My wife went and the brilliant Dr. Werther didn't even have to see our daughter, did not need to examine the knee, check her out in any other way and was able to skillfully conclude it was a simple viral infection and would go away soon. Protest and suggestions to exam her and run tests where shot down in the sometimes (remember, depends on the appointment) demeaning manner. I would recommend Dr. Werther start doing appointments over the phone as examining the actual patient is not even required for his brilliant diagnose. Well my wife and I wasted no time seeking a second opinion and were blessed to go to a doctor that was willing to listen to the uneducated swine that pay the bills of these fancy doctors like Dr. Werther. Turns out the poor little thing has JIA, youngest diagnoses any rheumatologists in AZ has seen. Our rheumatologists has repeatedly told us how lucky we were to catch it so soon, had we not, our daughter would be in a wheel chair right now and would have undergone several joint replacement surgeries.Now, I understand that people make mistakes, but one must consider certain standards pertaining to their patciular field. The garbage man, sure I'll give you plenty of screw ups without being too harsh, but mess with my kid, no dice! Dr.'s have to bring their A game day in and out and Dr. Werther didn't seem to display behavior consistent with any type of A game on most visits.
