2	They planned this restaurant all wrong.  The place has great views yet you cannot take advantage of those from the restaurant.  The views are left to the patio bar.  This is where they blare amplified music much to the dismay of the nearby homeowners.  The food is what one would expect at a start-up Mesa restaurant.  Average and overpriced.  If they would tone the place down and rework the floorplan to take advantage to the view for the diners this could develop into a beautiful, romantic and successful setting for fine dining. Too bad the owner wants to cater to the bar crowd.  A decision that will doom the restaurant within one year.
5	Gourmet food with superb service. Decor is a 40's Bogey movie.
4	Loved the summer special of 3 courses for $30 and for an extra $5 you can pair a wine with salad and another with main course!! The food was very good, service spectacular (ask for Dane!!) and we sat in the very back with high back, comfortable chairs. But there is no separation between sports bar and restaurant!! We were as far away as possible and the noise from the bar was still disrupting. Wish they had some sort of barrier which could buffer the noise. After dinner we were surprised with music on the patio. City light view from there is spectacular. We will visit again.
3	Food was great, dinning room is to small and located next very loud bar.  The bar and dinning room are separated by a thin sliding door and there are no views this is a golf course not a strip mall restaurant.
4	Don't believe I have ever had a bad visit to this place.  They know the family (because they frequent here often) and so we are usually greeted by first name.  It is a nice place to relax, get a fw drinks, and eat while visiting the Family.  The steak was very good, prices were not as crazy as I was expecting - but then again it is always nice when Dad picks up the tab.
2	This used to be good. They changed their menu last year, for the worse. Very few veggie or fish options. Really poor selection for happy hour. Service the last 3 times has been dreadful, slow, unhappy servers. Unlikely we'll go back unless we hear of great changes. It was like eating in Scottsdale - very unfriendly, over priced and mediocre.
