1	I am disgusted with their policy of requiring the driver of a patient going through an upper and lower GI to wait 2-3 hours in their waiting room.  As a business owner I could have been productive but was forced to sit there or they would not do the procedure.  To put in place a policy to protect against a few abusers and punish the vast majority is absolutely POOR CUSTOMER SERVICE.
3	They surprisingly stayed on time with the appointment my mom had, the place looked busy with surgery and procedure appointments. All of the staff we encountered were nice and seemed clean. Parking was easy, covered parking area right at the door for patients to get in and out easily and safely. I noticed a few HIPAA violations but it was just because I'm in the medical field and notice things like that. My mom was happy with her care, so that makes me more comfortable with the facility.
1	Ridiculous way to run a business. TERRIBLE phone service (even the employees comment on how poor it is) with RIDICULOUS hold times (in excess of 15 minutes EVERY TIME). To see the SAME specialist for the SAME condition in a three week period requires going back to square one and getting yet another referral from the primary care doctor and then waiting ANOTHER SIX WEEKS before you get in to see the doctor again. There are too many health care options to settle for such ignorance and poor service. You're FIRED!
4	My husband recently had his surgery at this facility and I was very pleased with the experience.  Everyone who we encountered from the check in area to the recovery room were friendly, funny and informative.  I was told at check in that I was able to leave while my husband went back into surgery so she took my cell phone # just in case.  His wait in the lobby was only 10 minutes.  I was called back to sit with him in pre op after only 15 minutes which I thought was reasonable.  I noticed it was very clean, busy and looked as though it ran like a well oiled machine.  The waiting area was just that, a waiting area.  I had just enough time to watch a 45 minute Netflix movie and play a couple games of Candy Crush before I was called back into the recovery area.  The total time from when we walked in the door and out was about 2.5 hours.  Not the way I wanted to spend my late morning/ early afternoon but also not what i expected.. I was pleasantly surprised.
5	I came on a Friday morning. In and out in less than an hour. Very pleased with that. More importantly, I came for a second opinion on what I believe was a missed diagnosis elsewhere. Although I am here for a requested follow, on a Sunday, I feel we are on the right path to fixing a potentially very serious problem. Staff, nurses, doctors and medical students were very friendly and very helpful. I cannot complain at all about this service.
1	This is the worst medical group I have ever dealt with.  In my opinion you could die in the waiting room before they provide care.  I am in the surgery center waiting for the repair of a fracture and there is not a chair to sit in. Do what ever you need to do but if you want quality care do not come here.
