4	Great place for holiday decor. Went after having lunch with my girlfriend in the area and from the front you wouldn't really think much of it. Pretty big store once you get inside loaded with lots of Halloween and great Christmas decor. A bit of a drive for most but a great place to get some decorative stuff. Didn't have a lot of furniture but that might be a seasonal thing.
4	I really like this boutique.  They always have some really neat home decor items and nick nacky type things.  Whenever I need a little something to give as a gift, I hit this place up.  But the REAL treat is the OJ that they sell on site.....W.O.W.  This stuff is to die for.  My grandparents were visiting from FL (they place they claim with the BEST OJ) after trying a cup, he had to admit it was some of the best he had ever tried.My kids enjoy the may little candies they sell there, multi colored chocolate malt balls, salt water taffy, ice cream and my personal fave - chocolates.  The sea salted caramels are crazy good.  They also have really good prices on boxes of citrus.
5	Wonderful family-owned business with the BEST tasting citrus (oranges, lemons, grapefruit).  We visit every year and pick up boxes of oranges to eat and to make juice.  Well worth the drive!  This is a family owned business and I believe the man now running it is at least 3rd generation.  Nice people and great "country-store" atmosphere.  Is a wonderful place for locals and visitors alike.  I also learned that they sell corn, squash, tomatoes and watermelons at another location off of Gilbert Rd. and Thomas beginning Memorial Day weekend.
5	You need to pick up some AZ Sweet oranges here!
4	Wonderful gift boutique, and fresh produce, a little pricey, though !
5	This small boutique is a family owned business. The store is really two separate stores in one. There is one store that has jams, candies, oranges, grapefruit, in the Summer, peaches and tomatoes. There is an ice cream stand too. The gift store has things you will find nowhere else. It is the holiday season and it is beautifully decorated for Christmas with trees everywhere. You have to scope out the store and take a second lap to be sure you did not miss something. I never leave without buying something. Don't miss this jewel. You will love it!!
5	Awesome little store located in the heart of the orange groves on Mckellips rd. This shop carries tons of fun trinkets and great gifts, not to mention a clothes/shoes section in the back and greatly stocked clearance area outside on the patio. Attached to the shop is a smaller one boasting jams, soup mixes, bread mixes, fruit, and way more. Great spot, will be back soon!
