3	First of all, I am a huge fan of Istanbul Grille downtown on Liberty.  I was extremely excited when I heard they would be taking over the Your Inner Vagabond space.  They do the space a great justice and easily make better use of the front and fill a restaurant niche in Laurenceville that Inner Vagabond simply could not.That said, it pains me to give the food & service here 3 stars.  Service can be spotty, the servers and owners are extremely friendly but possibly just a touch too laid back, leaving some tables to inevitably be neglected.The food here is delicious, but the dinner menu is lacking.  It seems as though they have taken the tasty lunch take out options from the downtown location and added a few dollars and a larger helping.  This simply won't cut it for dinner, they need to bring back the entree options from their first location.Anyhow, I really enjoyed this place and the downtown location is excellent but this one could do with a slight menu overhaul.
2	We went there in the winter when they first opened because Picolo Forno had too long of a wait.    The service was slow, the food came out cold and the prices were double what they should have been.
2	I had the lamb gyro here as well as the Turkish coffee, and both were very good, but the service was absolutely atrocious. I might be persuaded to try it again but the reviews seem to be pretty consistent.
4	From what I gathered this location is used mostly for events and private parties, therefore hours are limited, but they are open Thursday thru Saturday nights.  There was only one person working in total--he was cooking, serving, & cleaning. This led to slow service, but we weren't in any rush. The owner was friendly which made up for the 'relaxed' service. We were pleasantly surprised at how delicious the food was. We shared an meze platter with hummus, baba, several types of eggplant, roasted peppers, butter bean,  & kidney bean salads, beets, cole slaw, carrot slaw, etc. The owners hot sauce was especially good as was the tzatziki. This was enough to fill us up for dinner, but we followed this with the chicken kabobs which were so tender and so tasty, not to mention the perfectly cooked pilaf.  We're happy to find another hidden gem in Pittsburgh and we'll definitely be back!
5	Hidden gem. Authentic, tasty Turkish food, with a charming owner. The stuffed chicken breast with pistachios, rice, and tarragon is fantastic. The baba ganoush is perfect, not too heavy, and the Turkish bread could be a meal itself. Will be here often!
5	I live just up the hill from Istanbul. Used to come here when it was open - not often, but I enjoyed knowing a decent Turkish place was available to me when the mood struck. Broke my heart when it inexplicably closed. But much to my surprise, a few weeks ago - there it was, open sign flashing, Josh, the owner, charming his patrons, as if a day hadn't passed. Came in tonight. My companions and I shared the babaganoush. Terrific. Not overly smokey as American babas can be. I ordered the zucchini pancakes. Makes me want to think about my CSA a little differently. So brilliant and delicious.It was awesome. Just awesome. The whole experience. Can't wait to come back and try the other vegetarian options.
5	P.s. the chocolate baklava is off the chain.
3	We stopped in here around 9:30 on a Friday night. We ordered two dishes to go, the istanbul salad and an eggplant and lamb dish. Everything was ready in about 10 minutes. The restaurant was moderately busy for that time too. The staff was friendly and astute. The food was delicious. Especially the fresh sesame seed bread they packed with our meal. My only complaint, which is why I'm giving them a 3/5 instead of a 4/5 is that the prices was kind of high for what we got. Neither of us was too hungry, but the two dishes came to over $30 bucks. We spent $15 on a salad full of parsley, tomatoes, and some feta cheese. That was alittle too much in my opinion. If we would have each had a salad and a dinner, our bill would have been over $70.
5	I loved this restaurant!  Food was excellent.  I can't wait to go back.  The "Okra" entree was excellent!!  Service may have been a little slow, but that's ok with me, because the food was so good!
5	Wow! Great food and service!!! A true gem!
