5	Do you like to cook? Do you like fresh, high-quality, cheap, good food!? If so, then why not go to the PA Supermarche? No, true, it is definitely not a swanky, snobbish kind of grocery store with a focus on presentation and not on food. No, this grocery store requires one to be less concerned with presentation, but a foodie, nonetheless! The PA has an excellent selection of local and imported cheese, produce and meats at incredible prices. It is certainly worth investigating at least once!!! BTW, PA's homemade taramosalata is FABULOUS!!! Look for it by the imported cheese section of the store; you won't be disappointed!
5	MUCH better than those freaking Mourelato crooks located on Ste-Catherine, and PA Supermarche is only a couple of blocks away (west, towards Atwater).I love this store because the produce is fairly cheap, the quality is not "perfect" but then again I've never found perfect produce in all of Montreal, so I'd rather pay a quarter of the price than full.I once found strawberries 2 boxes for $4, and they were like delicious sugar bombs in my mouth. SO GOOD.The seafood section and meat section is also reasonably priced (I've shopped all over Montreal including Chinatown), and when you have SO many people going to the store, it's a sure sign it's awesome.Don't be fooled by its appearance. The food is of top quality and of the lowest prices around.
5	Love it. Great produce and prices, as compared to other places in Montreal. Small, good products, free parking. Long lines sometimes, but they move fast. Keep it up!
4	Cheapest place to get cheese, produce and seafood in the area. Good selection and pretty good quality (especially for the cheese!). Sometimes you can find some great deals on interesting items, so watch for the sale stickers. If you want boxed goods (i.e. cereal or tea), go somewhere else.
4	This little grocery store is right downtown, and just about everything is cheaper than most other places you can get it. The quality and freshness of the produce is actually better than anywhere else I've seen besides the markets, and the same goes for the selection of cheeses and deli meats. How this place is offering all this stuff for such good prices is beyond me. The PA is small, and the staff is extremely helpful (and easy to hunt down) which is unusual at a larger store. And there've been a few times that I've seen a live band playing short sets here in the later evening. Can anything really beat live music and fresh produce in one place?Despite my 4-star rating and raving praise, there are times when shopping here feels a lot like driving up the expressway - lanes are jam-packed, traffic moves uber-slowly, the dude texting is holding up the flow of things, and people aren't shy about expressing disgruntlement. To avoid supermarket rage, don't come between 5 and 8pm during the week or 10am to 5pm on weekends.
4	I lived in Montreal for a couple of years before I discovered this gem not far from where I live.  The produce we get in Quebec has been a huge disappointment for this BC girl but PA has some of the best you can find here (next to the markets, Adonis and driving out the farms to find what you want - who's got time?) ... and it's CHEAP!I love the staff.  I once had a guy offer to double check the back because they were out of avocados and kale, the very things I'd been there to buy.  He didn't find it (I came back for what I wanted the next day) but the fact that he looked blew my mind.You do have to be in the right state of mind for this place because it is usually a zoo BUT I recently heard from a girlfriend of mine (who is a new mommy and couldn't get out to the store herself) that they have exceptional delivery (serving as far as Point St Charles!) for cheaper than it costs to park your car (though they do have a parking lot) and they choose fresh, good quality stuff when you put in your order - call in the morning.When we don't have time to get out to Adonis, we usually buy all our groceries at PA.  It's tiny but has everything.  Soooo worth it!
5	PA is definitely a great place to go and much cheaper than Mourelatos, IGA, and Provigo. Unless you have a car or the ability to get to a farm, Market (Atwater Market is wonderful), or other grocery stores like Adonis, PA is your best bet for downtown. Behind its frail exterior, it has a great selection of produce, great deals, and is sure to satisfy all, or most, of your needs. The staff is super friendly and helpful, they're always easy to spot as they're restocking supplies or running around doing something. They know their stuff and will help you with whatever you need.The only time this place, like any other place, gets frustrating is during rush hour. Avoid those, otherwise you're going to get stuck in line for what seems an eternity and you will get pushed around by shoppers that think they're stocking up for the last day on Earth.
4	This grocery store is amazing. I will list the reasons why:1. You can find your favorite fruits and vegetables for cheap! 2. You can get so many kinds of cheeses for cheap!3. You can get so many kinds of deli meats for cheap!This place is much better when it comes to the fresh ingredients you need to fix up an amazing meal. While they don't have as big of a variety of big name brand and dry products like the bigger stores like Provigo, they post new deals on Mondays and if you're a smart shopper and come by often, you'll find some awesome foods. The service is always really great. Just the other day i was shopping for corn and one of the workers brought in some fresh ones from the back. He personally helped me pick out the freshest and biggest ones. Definitely a great place to shop. PA is also great for finding some specialty ingredients. For example, they have a little wall near the breads with various kinds of Quinoa and Quinoa products. This made it easy for me to pick the brand and the kind I wanted. If you live near a PA, you should DEFINITELY shop here. And if you don't, it's okay too. They deliver groceries :) You can even fax in your order and they'll pick up the items and send them to you.
5	Provigo is an absolute joke compared to this place. Literally, like, ha-ha funny. I actually laugh when I think about the people who continue to shop at the Provigo down the street from PA, not realizing that they're missing out on fantastic savings. It's not big, but I've never been unable to find something I was looking for--they're remarkably good at getting the right stuff out on the floor. I'm a bargain hunter, and you can find some things for less money elsewhere, but if you bought an identical standard grocery haul at PA and a few of the other big MTL supermarkets, PA would come out to the cheapest total. Delivery guy is a saint and usually pretty swift; I make sure to tip him well. Cashiers aren't always super-warm, but they're never mean, and they always get you out of there as quickly as possible--if you've ever seen PA at rush hour, that's no small feat. I walked a full kilometer-and-a-half each way for this place, and there were many closer options. Shopping was the highlight of my week when I lived nearby. Sadly, when I moved to NDG, "almost-as-good-and-a-lot-closer" became a more important priority, but these guys have my unequivocal endorsement.
5	Wow I couldn't believe that there was something considered cheap in Montreal! A friend brought me here instead of going to IGA or Provigo, she just wanted me to trust her, so I did. The prices are very comparable with those here at our most affordable super markets. I was able to pick up enough fresh produce and meats for a few meals int he week for about $40 which sounds about right.They also have all kinds of meat, sausages, cheeses, breads, spices, a nice middle eastern section and so on. When I live here, I hope I live close to PA!
2	If this is a great Supermarche I can't imagine what any of the reviewers would say about a Whole Foods or even a Safeway.  'Mecca', 'House of Religious Worship', 'Taj Majal of grocery shopping', and 'Rapture' come to mind.
5	Fantastic grocery store right in downtown Montreal, the perfect place to pick up ingredients for dinner on the way home from work.I'm not sure if it's Arab run or Greek run, because there seems to be many Mediterranean items here, they often stock up on less well-known brands and often direct from those countries, olive oil from Portugal, pure milk cream from Lebanon, smoked salmon from Norway. They also sell Ben & Jerry's ice cream at the lowest price in the city, bar none.Line-up are always crazy here but somehow you manage, very fresh vegetables and fruits, I find my fresh Greek figs for $6.99 for a box of 15 while Atwater market sells them at $1.25 EACH. Cheese, wine, meat selections are great. Bread is from Premiere Moissons. Their choices of chocolate  veer towards European brands. They also offer home delivery.  If you like to cook a lot at home then shop here. The fresh produce is exactly that: fresh. You'll see everyone shopping here from Concordia students to Westmount trophy wives to elderly Asian and Arab couples.While walking the aisles, keep your eyes open for bright, red signs on the shelves. They signal items which are on sale. Also a good spot is at the end of each aisle, where boxes of that week's specials are usually on display.Staff are young and friendly and helpful. This is the only supermarket I've ever gone to which has Radiohead's "Paranoid Android" or U2's "Numb" playing on the speakers while you shop instead of the usual elevator music.Dear P&A People: Please consider opening a new branch in Verdun, we're sorely lacking in great supermarkets there and you would be a perfect antidote to the food-shopping blahs there.
4	This is pretty much my go-to when it comes to grocery shopping. It's essentially a no frills place for fresh produce and meat with a selection of other packaged items. No, you won't find your fancy IGA-style displays of onions and potatoes and whatnot, but you will save quite a bundle. I appreciate their diverse selection of ethnic foods too, even if I don't partake in all of them. Further, $1 delivery if your total is over $100 is a pretty nice bonus. My only complaint is how cramped it can be, especially during the late afternoon after-work peak hours, but this doesn't dissuade me too much when it comes to my willingness to return.
5	I used to live a few blocks away from Supermarche PA and so of course, it was one of my go to grocery stores. Even when I moved, I still came to this place as they always have amazing deals and the fruit/vegetables are so fresh (because of the constant turnover).  Anyways, I went back just to take a look and they have expanded! Wow, there's an upstairs now where you can order food?? CRAZY.I did end up buying two Valentina Mexican hot sauce bottles which were on sale. Anyways, always great selection of fruit, vegetables, cheese, and nuts. Plus they are open everyday till late (8am to 11pm).
1	Does anyone know where they source their food from?  For instance, the labels on the meat packages don't indicate much.
5	Great market for very affordable or cheap groceries.. watch for the weekly circulars. Good deals on fresh fruit & veggies, but watch out for the sometimes not-so-fresh. Always VERY crowded & busy,best to shop here early in the day;  late afternoons,nights & weekends are an absolute horror. It appears this is everyone's fave bargain grocery store!
5	I live about 10 minutes away by foot (or 2 minutes by car if I'm lazy) and this has been my go-to grocery store for the past 5 years, despite the fact that there are other grocery stores that are much closer.The good:- Very affordable groceries and fresh products.- Great selection of fresh veggis and fruits at very cheap prices.- Weekly specials, check out their flyers!- Great variety of homemade food, BBQ chicken, hummus, salsa, etc.- Fresh mussels, seafood, and live lobsters are available.- Amazing selection of Mediterranean food items all around, lots of cheese, etc.The not-so-good:- Very limited parking spaces if you are driving.- Can get extremely crowded in evenings and weekends.- Cashiers aren't the fastest or friendliest in the world, but they get the job done.- Rather lackluster selection of alcoholic beverages.Bottom line:A great grocery store that offers a wide range of fresh produces at very affordable prices. Great place to do your weekly grocery shopping, though if you are looking for more specific cooking or baking items, you may need to go to a bigger chain store.Beware of crowded parking lots and busy lines.
5	Really love this place and its a good recommend if you are a big fan of fruit. There is a  wide range of choice. They always great fresh fruit with a reasonable price. For example, right now, it is 2.99$ for 1 lbs cherry meanwhile all where else is 3.99$. the one on Avenue Parc has just moved to a new location only 500m away but much bigger and well-arranged. Bigger space, more choices.
5	The PA is a small grocery store that packs a lot of punch.  On the outside it doesn't look like much but it's what on the inside that counts.  Their selection is very diverse and you can cook up a storm with what they sell here.  They have an excellent choice of ethnic ingredients.  I find that I can easily complete my shopping list here even if I'm looking for an item that may be hard to find in most grocery stores. Best part is their prices are fantastic and I'm always surprised by how cheap my grocery bill is here.Produce is generally pretty fresh here for the most part.  I would say always watch out for expiration dates on things like milk and juice because they can be all over the place but I've never had a problem because I know to look for it.  If you live near the PA try to avoid it around supper time during the week because that's when it seems to be the worst in terms of crowds and line ups.  Weekends are busy but much more manageable.  They've even got free parking for customers so you can take your car.
