4	I am always skeptical about 'massage' places that have neon lights.  In my opinion, such places with neon lights can only mean one thing - suki suki-type stuff.But living in Vegas, neon lights aren't always so bad.  With it being a 24  hour city, businesses need to stay open into the odd hours for all those working swing or grave shifts.The Big F and I were looking for a place to get our feet massaged and drove by Thousand Feet Reflexology.  It's a little before midnight on this Friday night and we aren't the only ones pulling up.  After ringing the doorbell (that also makes me really suspicious as well), we were greeted by a pleasant woman who pointed to the menu list posted behind her.For $35, you get 30 minutes of a basic foot massage and reflexology.  For $40, you get 45 minutes that also includes a foot spa.And for $50, you get 60 minutes that also includes a hand and ear massage.They were offering a $29 special for the 30 minute package, however she offered us the 45 minute package for $30 each.As the Big F prepaid for our services, I went to the restroom down the hall.  It was very clean and seemed quite legitimate!We were put into a private room for two where two chairs sat in front of a TV.  As they prepared our foot baths, we channel surfed hoping to catch a good show.  (They have plenty of Chinese channels!)After our feet soaked in their herbal bath, they started working on our feet and calves.  Digging their fingers into those spots, you can't help but wish you had taken better care of your feet.  (Shame on us who wear flip flops, high heels, etc.)When our foot massage was over, I asked the Big F how his was and he thought it was pretty good.  Overall, we were both pleased.  3.5 stars.Sidenote: They offer a frequent visitor card, buy 9 and get one free!
3	Since my first review, I've been to quite a few other foot reflexology places in Vegas and beyond, and I'm lowering their stars from a 3.5 to 3.For $30, we got the 45 minute package.  As our feet soaked in the hot liquid, they left us alone.  At other places, they usually start working on you right away...your shoulders, neck, head, etc.  But nope, not here.  I felt a bit cheated out since they left us to soak and that takes away from valuable massage time!When the foot massage was over, I asked about the whole head, shoulders, arms, etc. and they said that they usually focus on the feet only unless otherwise specified.  Hmm...bummer.This time, we couldn't figure out how to get the cable to work, so that part sucked too.Overall, I guess it wasn't that different from our first experience here minus the cable not working.  But for the price you pay, you get a little more bodywork at other places.  And since I definitely appreciate my shoulders, head, neck, and arms getting worked on, I'm going to look for places that automatically include that.
4	Nice foot massage in the same parking lot as Rincon De Buenos Aires!
1	Do not got here! I thought it was going to be mugged by the therapist!! Worse experience of my life!! First, the therapist opened the door wearing what appeared to be a sailor moon outfit, but since she was overweight and pretty ugly I thought there was a chance she was just a bad dresser and not a happy ending girl. I think I was wrong. The worse massage ever!! It was 40 for 45 minutes, it lasted 35 minutes and she started massaging my inner thighs. The most disturbing part is we didn't tip because they shorted us on time and it was not even close to a decent massage and the "therapist" followed us out to the car, opened my car door and demanded a tip!!! I wish I was making this up!!! The sign says reflexology, but there is no way, I have had better massages during a pedicure. I hope the authorities bust this place soon.THE WOMAN FOLLOWED US TO OUR CAR, OPENED THE DOOR AND DEMANDED A TIP WHILE SCREAMING!!! AFTER WE PAID 80 DOLLARS FOR A REALLY BAD MASSAGE. DO NOT GO HERE.
1	HORRIBLE! Poor customer service and the therapist (Yoyo) called me stupid for asking for a refund after waiting an hour for the foot massage service I already paid for. This is a terrible business and a disgrace. Do not ever go here. As soon as more customers come in, you will be left behind waiting for hours. They just chase whoever they think will give more tips and when better prospects walk through the door, it won't even matter that you ALREADY PAID for service. Got robbed out of $80 here and didn't get a single thing! Will be reporting this to the County to have their business license revoked and to the Better Business Bureau
