5	Cool!  Wow! Fantastic!  What a great place.  Some of the comments of people I spoke with at Stage AE.  The music and sound system acoustics were very good.  The technology they put into the place was working great.  Lots of great concerts to come.  Wahoo!
5	Stage AE fits perfectly into Pittsburgh's live music landscape because it fills a vital need that has been lacking for some time: a mid-level state of the art indoor space designed for taking in live music.Anyone who has made the trek out to Burgettstown to watch a band who is used to playing indoors try to entertain five thousand people scattered across a lawn should be thrilled.Anyone who has shelled out ticketmaster prices only to have to watch a favorite act from a seat that was created to watch hockey or basketball should be excited.Anyone who has had to pile in a car and spend money on a hotel or crash on a couch because their favorite band wasn't playing Pittsburgh should be absolutely stoked.Stage AE is poised to solve all of these problems. The sound is great. The viewing area is designed with great vantage points from all corners and open enough that it will allow for a crowd to move around as much or as little as it wants to. Because it is located in the middle of the stadiums in Northside, parking (and tailgating!), public transportation or finding a restaurant or a hotel should pose no issues.I've only had the opportunity to check out the main indoor stage for the opening Girltalk show (which was pretty great), but I've heard good things about the smaller more intimate setting and the outdoor stage that will open this summer from the people who were able to take the full tour.Overall, this place is a gift that will keep giving for the local Pittsburgh music fan.
4	Finally... Pittsburgh is evolving and may have the opportunity to take part in the ever changing music industry. For so long I have had to travel to Columbus, Philadelphia or DC to see innovative young bands that formerly did not stop in Pittsburgh. I am not down playing the fantastic music venues that our great city does have one bit. It is just that we were missing a crucial mid sized venue that can support the eclectic mix of musical performers that want the audience to have a more intimate experience. In the summer it will transform into an indoor/outdoor music extravaganza right on the river.I went last Saturday for the Snoop Dogg concert and have my eye on many shows to come. The venue truly is state of the art and the acoustics did not disappoint. The seating is a bit confusing. There are tables on the top tier situated against a railing and auditorium seating against the wall that is zoned general admission. So if you want to sit be there early. There were other seats close to the edge divided by a railing zoned VIP.  I don't remember if that option was offered when I purchased the tickets? Now I know to look for them depending on the show. I had a perfect view of the stage from behind the railing but when fellow patrons stood on the aisles of the VIP section they blocked my view. They did not have VIP Seating and jumped the divider. My recommendation would be that the bouncers keep the aisles clear for a better viewing experience. Another complaint was expensive, weak drinks. I know to expect it but just sayin' None of these things would dissuade me from going again. I had a blast and am looking forward to future shows. As for Snoop he went on stage pretty late, 4 hours after the doors opened. What a primadonna! Haha... no harm no foul he was ON! Playing all my favorites from the late 90's and even throwing down some Biggie and Tupac. For $45 another thrilling evening in the burgh!
1	Dear Lord, Ok, this place has the sound dampening of a tin gorilla to start.  It took several minutes to figure out what song was being played.  The security was literally the worst I have ever seen.  A dude broke his ankle, and I got the horrible security guards attention, but he was just too comfortable to deal with any problems.  This was the worst concert experience I have had since Metropol shit itself into the world, and if you loved not hearing the band you paid for at Metropol, then just don't listen to this review.  I agree that Pittsburgh needs a middle range music venue, but maybe not one that was named after a shitty clothing company.  Fuck you American Eagle.
5	Just saw Social Distortion play at this venue, which was my first visit.  They have a great outside venue where you can stand in the grass, or stand on concrete in the "pit".  All General Admission.  Not a bad place in the venue to watch.  They also have a vip section in the middle with chairs, but I was told these seats are $100 a piece.  Being in a band myself, I'm real picky about sound and appearance in a venue.   This place blew me away.  The sound was crystal clear, and loud.  My ears hurt for a day, but hey, it's a concert venue, it's supposed to be loud!    The restrooms were incredibly clean and actually smelled good which was surprising for an outdoor trailer type restroom facility.  This might just be because they were new, being this was the first show outside at Stage AE though.  Hopefully they keep them clean though and keep things looking good.They have an indoor venue and a lounge, but I haven't had a chance to visit that just yet.    I had a great experience though.    Parking was only $10 and was very close to the venue.   When we exited, I expected to be sitting in traffic for a long time to get out onto the parkway, but was shocked to get right out of the lot, and I was on the parkway in under 3 minutes!    Did I mention there was a Pirates game this night too right beside the venue and parking and exiting was still quick and easy?
4	My wife and I saw The Avett Brothers there on 5/27/11 and it was our first time going to a show there.  I loved the outdoor intimacy.....it is like a small Blossom Music Center, but in Downtown Pittsburgh.  The beer was expensive, but the show made up for it.  I recommend it, but I am not sure how a show would be during the winter months, inside of the venue.  Try it out for a summer show and you won't be dissapointed.
5	Stage AE... ahhhh!Well, I have to say my first experience with Stage AE was completely opposite of the second. First, inside for Wiz Khalifa. Second, outdoors for The Avett Brothers. WOW. The outside portion of Stage AE caught me off guard. Sure, it isn't ever going to compare to Red Rocks, but the venue looking over downtown while sitting on the grass is definitely as good as it gets in Pittsburgh, PA. I am sure The Avett Brothers' amazing show helped... but I would go back again and again!MIGHT I ADD... I went to Riverfront Cafe and paid $12 for 2 beers. Went into Stage AE and paid $9.50 for 2 beers. The Price is RIGHT! haha. Try a half Killian's and half Blue Moon. You won't be disappointed.
5	I've been dying to come here!  Just waiting for the right band to make my grand entrance into this highly rated venue.  I must say, it most DEFINITELY lives up to the hype!  It really helps to have a medium size venue in town finally.  I had heard rumors that we weren't getting certain bands (a lot of the ones I like, such as indie rock, etc) because we didn't have the type of venue to host them.  Well, in comes Stage AE, the perfect size venue!I was in the outdoor area for Death Cab For Cutie last night and it was amazing!  Not a bad "seat" in the place!  Seat meaning a place to stand.  There's a large area in the front of the stage to stand at or you can sit up on the lawn area.  The lawn area is tiny, but it's elevated, so it's probably good for people who are vertically challenged!  It was awesome though because I never felt squished, thank gawd, because there were a lot of sweaty people I would NOT have wanted to touch.  I also thought the whole area was incredibly clean.  I know it's newer, so I would hope it is.  Plus, beer is only $5 for a 20oz!  Screw you First Niagara Pavilion and your $7 12oz beers!  Bungling AND Blue Moon are on tap so that just makes me love the place even more!  The absolute only complaint I have is that I wish it was non smoking.  I realize it's outdoors and smoking kind of goes with the concert territory, but I'd rather not worry about getting burnt by a waving ciggies or smell it. I know, I'm speaking as a total non smoker.  I can't wait to go back and check out the indoor venue.  I don't doubt it's just as great.  I'm SO happy that we have this kind of venue in the Burgh finally so I can rock out properly!
4	Okay, I've finally been to shows both indoors and outdoors here.  And yes, A Perfect Circle played an excellent show.  (And more importantly, so did Red Bacteria Vacuum.  Am I right?)Stage AE is something we'd been starved for in Pittsburgh for some time.  It's a decent mid-sized venue.  It's brand new, squeaky clean thus far, and although it definitely throws off a very "corporate" sort of vibe, I just don't care because the acts it'll bring will make that worth it.  The indoor area is sizeable, and comfortable... if that's the right word.  The outdoor area is, well, about the same.  I don't know whose choice The Sound of Music was between sets/while they were setting up, but I never, ever want to hear anything from that play ever again.The only issue I've seen with the place so far is that security seems to be really interested in yelling at you about cigarettes, cellphone pictures, etc.  But seriously, who cares if someone takes a cellphone video of the show and posts it to Youtube? The quality will be terrible anyway.  If that counts as copyright infringement then so is me drawing a picture of the Mona Lisa with my left hand.  Come on.BUT they seemed like they were all bark and no bite.  People did just about the amount of getting-away-with-things that kept it fun but still safe.  I only ever saw security take care of people who were getting way out of hand, and that's good, because that's what they're there for.Parking isn't a nightmare, either! And there's plenty to do nearby, which is good because you can wait out the traffic jam after the show.Stage AE is something we needed, and I think it says good things about the future of Pittsburgh as a fun place to be.
5	My first experience at Stage AE was amazing. I LOVE the venue - there isn't a bad seat in the house, you don't have to get there early to find a great place to sit on the lawn, it is clean, no lines for the bathrooms or to get food/drinks, great location and there was absolutly no traffic leaving (we made it out of the parking lot in a few minutes - try doing that at First Niagara)! I'm def looking forward to going back for future concerts!
3	I've been to a ton of concerts all over the place. I've been to the outdoor side of Stage AE about 6 times now.Good: Security is on top of things. If people push or act up, they are tossed out. The venue is small so it sets an intimate setting to see a show. Even the lawn isn't that far away. Plenty of air conditioned bathrooms all over.Bad: It is general admission. Doors usually open at 6:30. People line up to get in before 4. You have to spend that time in line if you want to get up close. The line forms on the side of Bettis' bar. It'll wrap around toward Heinz field. A second line usually forms on the opposite side towards opening time. They let those people in with the front of the main line. They didn't put in the time to wait. Also, they have about 5 security lines and two are for females. Rock shows are about 80% male and girls get to jump the line. I was at a show where the front row center to the one end was 18 people, 16 girls that were from the middle/back of the line. I'm sure bands like that, but fans get screwed. Since it's gen admission, if you're not on the front by the wall, people cut you and there's nothing you can do. The other bad is that if it rains, the line is still long and no matter how close to the stage you are, there is no shelter.
5	I really hadn't realized the need that Pittsburgh had for a mid-sized venue until I came here for the My Morning Jacket concert. But what a great venue!The outdoor stage is really nice. Lots of space to get up close to the stage and not get shoved too much or you can hang back on the grassy knoll and the sightlines are still quite good. Prices for food and drinks aren't too too expensive.. $5 for a burger, $4 for a hot dog. It's a nice clean venue and I hope they keep it that way as the place gets older.Definitely looking forward to coming to more concerts here and now with a nice medium-sized venue, hopefully Pgh will get a lot more of the in-between sized acts.
4	Stage AE was probably not the best place to see a concert on a -blah- kind of night in late September.  Seriously, who schedules an outdoor concert so close to October?  We went here to see Ray LaMontagne and the Pariah Dogs in concert.  Rachel's right, the lawn section is probably the best place to be if you wanna see.  We'd never been to Stage AE before and had the weather been better, we would have probably enjoyed it a little more.  It's really a great facility though--one the city should be proud of.So how was the concert?Well, you remember the scene in "The Simpsons" many years ago (back when it was actually funny) in which James Taylor angrily says, "Hey, I'm not as mellow as you think I am.  Now here's the deal--I'm gonna sing and you're gonna listen"?  Well the same thing happened at the concert.  Seems like Ray got a little tired of competing  with "the small talk and chatter" from a drinking crowd (to paraphrase his current single  "Beg Steal or Borrow").  And he stopped the show and cursed out the talkers, offering them a refund if they left.Wow! But anyway, to those of you who may not have heard of Ray LaMontagne, you've probably heard one of his songs.  "Trouble" was used in the Traveler's commercial http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lk2B8988ws0  LaMontagne's style is kind of a mix of bluesy, folksy, jazzy, & singer-songwriter.  He played a lot off his new CD "God Willing & the Creek Don't Rise" which seems to have a lot of New Orleans, Post-Katrina influences in it.  He also ran through some of his other material including "Trouble", "Repo Man", and he did a cover of The Byrd's song "Blue Canadian Rockies", and he even had a couple members of the opening act, Punch Brothers, join him on stage for a couple of covers.Still for what should have been a mellow night, I'll just never get over him telling the audience, "Hey, you a-holes, SFTU or go the f--k home, I'll give you your money back."   Too bad too, because he's got one of the most distinctive voices around.
4	I saw Explosions in the Sky here earlier this year, at the indoor stage.  It feels a bit like a giant warehouse and the tvs showing advertisements were kind of tacky (I think they might've just been showing ads for future shows there, but still.... not necessary, just use a poster).  The sound was ok although they had it on the loud side.  It almost seemed like I was getting double-bombarded with sound bouncing off the overhanging balcony.  I've seen the same band a few times before and never had problems, but at this show I got 2 days of tinnitus.  Might just be my ears going bad though.The best thing about this venue for me was that the back half is raised, which vastly improves your chances of being able to see.Worst thing about this venue: Ticketmaster.
4	Great venue for a concert.  Fairly small, and intimate.  Allows you to get pretty close to the act, compared to a venue like Consol Energy Center.  The facility was clean and the bartenders were attentive and quick.
5	Stage AE is awesome!!! I've seen a bunch of shows here with Darren, including Alice Cooper, Rob Zombie, Social Distortion, Clutch, Bullet For My Valentine, Weird Al Yankovic, and last weekend Mastodon with Opeth and Ghost. It functions well as an outdoor and indoor venue, and if you're a short person like me, you can always find a good spot to see everything. I have no problems with the sound either.
2	Recently went to see Marilyn Manson on May 5th 2012. While it was a very good show. The staff need drastic improvement. I was forced into tossing a perfectly good 5 hour energy for no apparent reason by security. I was also refused water/that I should go buy it myself by staff while in the pit, even after I told them I felt like I would pass out. At the majority of concerts I have been to staff are more than happy to give you water while in the pit. Due to the venue NOT wanting to get SUED.  Security at this venue are extremely over zealous in their searches {IE: TSA Style including the pat down}. I had been following this tour since RI and have been to several other concerts of different artists in the past. And this has to be one of the strictest venues I have been to. Also 90% of the stage to both sides of the stages are blocked by giant speakers/amps which makes it next to impossible to see the show if you are not near the front/center. I am also not a fan of the bus's being behind a large fence, but that is besides the point. To those complaining about losing your "spot" you need to defend that spot better or get out of the pit, because that is what happens in the pit. The only reason this venue gets two stars is because as usual Manson put on a extremely good show.
4	Yo Stage AE, I understand you're a concert venue. But $9 for a single shot of Jameson, after I paid $30 to see Third Eye Blind on a Wednesday??  Are you kidding me??? Good thing I sneaked a flask in!!But for real, Stage AE is an awesome venue, and Pittsburgh desperately needed it. The inside is big enough and intimate enough for people to see a great concert and not feel like they're at a small venue like Mr. Smalls. The acoustics, atmosphere, and ambiance during my Third Eye Blind concert was tantalizing. I will definitely be back to see Modest Mouse.
3	The facility seems nice and the sound is good but my low rating is due to vending and comfort. They have about 6 places to get drinks but only one little stand that serves food; it wasn't good either. Also there was no seating at all. Will probably go back due to their line up but I hope next time things are a little more developed.
3	We caught Childish Gambino here a few weeks back, after seeing him tear the roof off of House of Blues in Cleveland.This venue is very nondescript. It looks like a million other venues that i've been to before. It looks almost identical to LC Pavillion in Columbus, OH. Expensive drinks, crappy security guards, good sound= everything I expect in a venue.Stage AE would never be my first choice of venue to go to, but if there's a band playing there that I want to see, I'd go for sure.
5	Stage AE was the venue that Pittsburgh desperately needed. Every show ends up being pretty intimate due to the size, the sound is excellent, and the beers are fairly priced. Back to the size...Stage AE is large enough to attract big-name acts, yet small enough to not scare away smaller acts, which has allowed so many excellent shows to come through Pittsburgh that may have avoided the city, otherwise.I've seen shows in both settings; indoors and outdoors. The sounds was great in both, and being in the city for the outdoors shows creates an awesome backdrop. The location is also great, as there's adequate parking, tailgating, and restaurants to pregame in, if that's your thing.
4	Now that I've been to two different shows at this venue (Modest Mouse which was slightly disappointing and Death Cab for Cutie which was overwhelmingly amazing), I figure I can give it a pretty accurate once over. I would suggest buying tickets at the box office a few weeks beforehand to bypass the Ticketmaster charges. They have fees for shipping or printing your tickets at home, on top of processing charges. Ridiculous! Box office hours can be found here. The box office isn't accessible from inside the venue. It's outside just past the admittance gates.If you drive down, parking in the various lots around the venue will set you back about $10. Bring cash!There'll be a long line when doors open at 6:30. If you're dying to get right in front of the stage, get there early! Don't bother with the line if you plan to lawn it (more room for dancing!). You can show up at 7:30-8 instead, if you're cool with missing the opening act.Don't bring a blanket. They will not let you take it in. Or an umbrella. Or any of these other things: "food, drink, bottles or cans, coolers, lawn chairs, recording devices, fireworks, candles, laser pointers, incendiary devices, inline skates, skateboards, bicycles, pets, and any form of weapon, including knives, mace and / or pepper spray." Perhaps consider bringing a Dasani water bottle cap though, since they will not give you the cap if you buy a bottle of water for $3. (Even if you flirtily ask the man selling the bottles why *bats eyelashes* you can't just have your bottle cap, please? He told me that people were throwing full bottles of water into the crowd. Ouch.) Anyway, a cap-less water bottle is very likely to spill, and at $3 a pop you don't want to waste a drop.To save some money, eat dinner before you go, and bring in some wrappered snacks if you don't want to splurge on food in there. We brought in snacks both times without having them confiscated. Best to put them in a pocket in your purse if you're a lady, though. If you're a dude, I'm not really sure what to tell you, other than to get creative... Or, bring a woman with a purse. If you're looking to dine out before the show, there are numerous restaurants around the venue. Check 'em out! Don't quote me on this, but beer goes for around $6-$8 for a 24 oz. bottle. They also have nachos, hotdogs and some kind of delicious looking (what appear to be) adult slushie drinks.There are plenty of restrooms all over the place, so don't worry about standing in a huge line waiting to pee. The restrooms happen to look like trailers (which I think they are) but are labeled 'men' and 'women'.There's a PNC ATM just inside the main building, through the brick and mortar restrooms. They take cards here, too.Smoking is allowed, so smokers rejoice. Lighters seem to be okay too, although they are sort of on the 'no-no' list. We got one in though, again, in the pocket in my purse. I will say that if you aren't a smoker, like me, you run the risk of getting absolutely chain smoked the entire night, so brace yourself. At MM, we were absolutely smoke drenched after the show, as everyone around us was chain smoking the entire time, but at DCFC there were almost no smokers. Definitely depends on the crowd. If you're hard-core, you can stand in the crowd directly in front of the stage. At the ripe old age of 22, my must-be-at-the-stage-so-I-can-touch-the-band-if-they-get-close-enough days are over, so the lawn was ideal. There was plenty of space on the lawn and we didn't get bumped into or anything claustrophobic like that. You can also sit down if your legs are getting tired from the standing. Not true right at the stage, unless you're looking to get stepped on.
4	Perfect sized venue. Not too big, not too small. I recently saw Fiona Apple here and it was my first time in the venue and I was very impressed with how close I was to Fiona in the pit, even though I was not pushing forward to get close to the stage. Even though there were tons of people at the concert it did not feel too congested. If I had the money the upstairs seats definitely look worth the money (think first class to the pit being coach). But overall I was more than happy with my experience here. I look forward to seeing shows here in the future.
5	I absolutely love this venue! Thanks to my workplace giving out a lot of free tickets to Stage AE, I've had the opportunity to go to a lot of different concerts here. Inside or outside, VIP seating or general admission -- I've enjoyed all of my experiences here. I've seen a lot of different artists here - Flogging Molly, Switchfoot, Cage the Elephant, Mat Kearney, Sara Bareilles, The Avett Brothers, Feist, The Lumineers, Old Crow Medicine Show, etc. The best concert by far was The Avett Brothers. They played for 2 1/2 hours, and I never wanted them to stop. That night, I went from liking The Avett Brothers to falling in love with them.One of my favorite components of the venue is the ability to have both indoor and outdoor concerts. Pittsburgh has beautiful summers, so I love being able to sit outside and enjoy both the weather and the music.
5	Sound System= AMAZING , very nice for inside AND outside concerts. Love it!
1	Worst venue EVER!!  Here's an idea ... SEATS!Saw an indoor and outdoor concert here.  Never again.
3	This is definitley a cool place to see a concert or hang out before a Steelers game.  My school has actually come here to have our Spring Formals for the past couple years, and it is always a very nice venue.
5	I love Stage AE. It's the perfect size venue. They are big enough to get some awesome bands but they are small enough that you feel engaged and a part of the music. You don't need a pair of binoculars to see the band. I also like that you can get a 24oz beer for $7.25, which is pretty good for a concert venue...shoot that's good for a bar on the north shore. They have a few beers on tap, some premium beers on tap for outside concerts, and bottled beers.I find that the sound quality is better outside than it is inside. I feel it's really an outdoor venue that also does inside shows. overall this is a great place to go see a show.
4	I simply love this venue.  Spacious and brand spanking new. My hubby and I had the pleasure of seeing our favorite band The Cold War kids this past Saturday and it was beyond amazing.  Getting into the venue was a breeze and the space has high ceiling but is mostly stadium seating which makes it intimate. There is both an indoor and outdoor bar and the sound is booming.A bonus for me is that it's within walking distance to my house and also could easily be reached by public transit or from walking from Downtown.
4	I've been to lots of music venues but never here. I was here for Of Monsters and Men in June 2013. The 5500 head venue has a contract with Coors Light so the closest to a real beer they have is Killian's (and at $7.00 a 12oz, I've had more expensive). I had a GA PIT ticket (which I prefer) and got there 15 minutes before doors opened. The line was around two blocks already so go early! The sound was good. The people were friendly. You CANNOT bring in umbrellas so lots of people dumped them along the queue. Someone from the venue, during the show, picked up all the umbrellas and stacked them outside the front gate so people could get them back. That was considerate. I will be back to this venue. (This is for the outside stage).
3	I lived in Pittsburgh for a couple of years and caught a few shows here. I still don't really know if I like this venue or not, on one hand its a really nice venue, great view of Pittsburgh, great sound, and fairly easy to get too, and it does bring some big bands but also some cool smaller bands too. On the other hand, parking can be kinda a pain, and due to the curfew in the area, most shows are over at 10, and its is expensive. The security guards are kinda insane, I walked into the venue with my keys on a carabiner and you would have thought i snuck a gun into the venue. Then a girl behind me had a studded belt on and they told her she wasn't allowed in the venue because she had a studded belt on, like really? A studded belt. I don't know, if there is a good band coming its worth going too, but i still prefer the altar bar or mr smalls.
4	We went to the best of the burgh here. The event was cool, but most places ran out of stuff... Including the t-shirts that were supposed to come with admission. Stage AE had decent acoustics, and the seating was nice, but the place seemed a little dirty. I guess that is what you can expect from a concert venue, but I would have thought that they would clean it for a nicer event like this.I would definitly go back for a concert.
4	Did you know that you can sneak upstairs and sit down?  I didn't and it was really good because I went to see the XX.  I was so bored that if I didn't have a place to sit I would have collapsed.  Nevertheless, the venue is sweet and we are fortunate to have such a place in the 'Burgh.
4	Rated in my Top 10 Albums of 2013, this was my first time seeing The Alabama Shakes live.  The venue was Stage AE, located in Pittsburgh's North Shore destination, situated between the homes of both the Pittsburgh Steelers and Pirate stadiums.  The opening band, The Deslondes, set the mood with their country-soul vibe.  Although Dani and I were catching up and chatting away the night, the background sounds of this funky band facilitated a savory  start to the main attraction.  The Alabama Shakes came on a 9:20 PM, helping to maintain a steady  momentum within the venue.  Brittany Howard, the lead singer of this dynamic group, has such a powerful and distinct voice that filled the room.  From one song to the next, I felt like they were recording an album in one take.  We watched from the second floor of the venue never entering the pit with the die-hard fans.   I will definitely head back this summer for an outdoor show.Check out the review and stream their album on my website:  http://wp.me/p43vGR-11z
4	I've been to Stage AE three times now. It's great to have a venue of this size in the city; prior to Stage AE there wasn't too much available between the really small places and an arena.I have been to four shows here now, the most recent being Phantogram in March and Alabama Shakes just last week. These two, along with Passion Pit in 2012, were all indoor shows. The inside stage feels kind of like a club; it's big enough to accompany a decent crowd but not so huge that you feel totally disconnected from the performance. I have always had quick service at the bar (even when there is a huge crowd trying to get drinks) and the bartenders have been friendly. Drinks are not that outrageously priced (for a concert venue), which is refreshing these days.In summer of 2012 I saw Feist outside, and that part of the venue was great as well. It was nice being able to either stand in the crowd or take a seat in the grass and watch from the hill. I have already bought tickets for Chvrches in June and plan on seeing Arctic Monkeys (also in June) as well. There are other shows coming up too... looks like I'll definitely be getting further acquainted with Stage AE this summer!
3	It is nice to have a conveniently located outdoor venue in pittsburgh again. I do wish it were graded a bit to make it easier to see for us short folk. I don't know why venues need to mark up drinks so much but it really ticks me off. Unfortunately as I walked in the line toward the doors, I noticed a lot of the previous concert goers had just thrown all of their litter on the path. I wish stage are would try to enforce a littering policy or install more bins to prevent them from overflowing on event days. The sound is decent so far and it is nice to have a view of the city when you look around.
5	Saw my first ever concert! I've seen Panic! At The Disco here, Fun. twice (outdoor once), Passion Pit twice, CHVRCHES, Fall Out Boy (outdoor), and Tegan and Sara (outdoor), and I have had a blast at all these shows! Outdoor is a little better because the lawn is a nice choice if you don't want to stand. I was front row at Passion Pit and CHVRCHES and had a great time at both concerts but I sat in the lawn for one of the fun. shows and that was great too. Pretty reasonably priced for concerts too. I just regret missing MGMT, Of Monsters and Men and The Naked and Famous- all of which have had shows at AE in the past year.
4	So i won the Stage AE grass pass which allows me in to every concert this year. Ive been to Clarks,311 Sublime, Boston, Smashmouth,everclear and i am seeing offspring tomorrow and jurrasic 5 the next day. So you get 2 free drinks with every ticket with the grass pass. However at the beginning no one knew how to get the drinks etc it was frustrating until the figured out you show your pass and id at the box office and they give it to you there. A drink bracelet. So after they figured that out it was smooth sailing pretty much and it is a great concert venue to go to.
4	This is my favorite place to see a show in Pittsburgh.  Whether its inside or outside the sound quality if always excellent, the experience is intimate, the lighting is great, and the shows are never over-sold to the point where you can't move.  Not to mention that Stage AE is in a really centrally located and convenient location.  The only reason I am not giving Stage AE a full five stars is because I feel that the drink prices here are a touch too inflated.
2	Having attended concerts here and worked behind the scenes, I have a pretty good idea of what Stage AE is all about: money. Disclaimer: this isn't bad as it's any company's goal but Stage AE is just awful.They won't allow outside food or drinks in, so what do guests have to do with them? Throw them away. The prices inside are crazy.The worst part? Stage AE claims to recycle but EVERYTHING is thrown into the trash. Thousands of bottles and cans for each show are simply trashed. They claim they recycle when I ask them about it but I have seen both sides and there is no recycling happening here.
5	Went there on 10/17/14 to see Gaslight Anthem.  Besides being our first time at Stage AE it was our first trip to Pittsburgh.  Took us about 10 minutes in line to get in.  The venue is the perfect size for a show.  It was sold-out so it was a little crowded at times but not too bad.  Lines for drinks were not too long.  Could usually go get a beer and be back at our spot in a few minutes.  Gaslight rocked, and Stage AE was great.  We need one in Cleveland.
4	I would of given this 5 stars except the minor issue that when i was up front theres a slight slope and i guess one of the nails fell out and went into my foot. My friend lost her shoe but other then that amazing staff giving us concert goers a much needed drink and the fans would share and pass around the bottle or cup. The only thing the crowd didnt do right is theyd just throw crowd surfers and being close to the front it kept feeling like i was snapping my neck. No warning at all. Oh and be prepared to pay out the ass for water if needed its 4$ a small bottle come prepared cause theres no shade in line. But the performance from a day to remember was mind boggling best show ive been to great memories and new friends definitly would go again. Even if i get another nail in my foot
