5	If you like cheese, there's no doubt you will LOVE this truck. Had their mac n' cheese which was nostalgic and delicious then had some tater tots "le Cheese" style (could have easily eaten 50 of them, they were great) and my girlfriend got some deep fried cheesecake, which again, dangerous for the belly but so damn good. Overall, if you're looking for a quick and delicious lunch from some cool guys, I would highly recommend it.
4	Yum!! Shared the Mac n cheese and loved it. I think the portion size was a tad small but it was very delicious and I recommend it :) PS - like them on FB for some special treats ;)
4	Le Cheese - a truck all about cheese and the different ways one can enjoy cheese. On my first visit, saddened by the Fried Cheesecake being sold out (more on that later...), I went for their special of the day - a fried onion, bacon and swiss grilled cheese. A nice size sandwich - the bread had a great grilled crisp exterior and the combo of onions and bacon gave a nice fatty sweetness to the sandwich. The swiss wasn't completely melted to my liking but honestly a minor quibble. Still a great sandwich.As luck would have it, I got the chance to walk by Le Cheese again a few days later when I went back to a final go-through and they had the fried cheesecake still available. 3 mini pieces of cheesecake deep fried and covered with a strawberry coulis. The cheesecake itself was nice and the strawberry coulis added some sweet fruitiness. The batter really had no flavour to speak of but at least it didn't get in the way of the cake. A solid dessert.
4	I ate at Le Cheese Truck twice over the weekend while at Osheaga and it was excellent. They have awesome offerings including cheesy tater tots and deep fried cheesecake, but I opted for the sandwich of the day on each of my visits. The first was a combo of mozzarella, chorizo sausage and pesto. The second was mozzarella, roasted chicken, bacon and Dijon. Both were insanely good. My mouth is watering while I type. The guys running the truck really know what they're doing. They're polite, clean, and have really reasonable wait times. Best of all - they're not stingy when it comes to the cheese.If you find yourself wandering and are lucky enough to run into Le Cheese Truck, you're in for a treat! :)
2	I went there when the truck was parked on de Bluery and St.Catherine for the Just For Laughs Festival. I ordered the special of the day which was a roast chicken and bacon grilled cheese and I got a side of tator tots. It took almost 15 mins before the guy at the window came to tell me there was something wrong with their fryer and was unable to make the tator tots. I substituted with the gazpacho which really was okay. You`d imagine that there would be better communication with the staff for such a small truck, I would have thought the guy that took my order knew there was an issue with the fryer. Maybe not. I waited more than 20 mins for my order. That`s a bit much for a grilled cheese and cold soup. It wasn`t busy, at the time it was only myself and a friend who had ordered. I found they were extremely over priced for what serve. I think it was like $11. We`re talking grilled cheese. It was actually pretty good, my mother makes it better. I did reach out to them on Twitter to see what time they closed at and they responded within mins. I`ll give them that! I wouldn`t go back but I hope others have a better experience.
3	3.5 stars: Discovered this food truck as we were wandering around Dorchester Square (they rotate their location daily according to guy taking our order).Out of the 3 trucks parked in the area, this one had a huge line of people swarming so naturally that attracted us to it, to discover that everyone was jumping all over this for their grilled cheese. Classic Grilled Cheese - You can't mess up a grilled cheese, and these guys did not. I was just hoping that it had some special cheese/bread/element to it, but overall it's just a straightforward grilled cheese.The tater tots seem to be something special here that everyone wants to get their hands on. Unfortunately they just ran out at around the 1:00pm when we stepped up to order. I'll be left wondering what was so good since everyone had a look of despair once they realized there was none left.FRIED CHEESECAKE - Probably the savior of our meal. Battered and topped with a strawberry jam based sauce. They also offer Mac and Cheese too sold by the pound in small/med/large takeout style containers.
4	We we're walking along lazily the Annual Monkland Village Street Fair. A motley of food vendors with prevalence of equal denomination, both food trucks and stalls we're available. We had the 'Classique' grilled cheese. I love paper thin pressed sandwiches. Just enough cheese and butter to summarize a great meal.
4	My most recent experience with Le Cheese Truck was at the Monkland festival too. Grilled cheese made my daughter very happy, but what I wanted was the tomato soup. Holy awesomeness. Had to walk down the street to get it, but it was so worth the walk. Love it! Congrats on the new store!
