4	Wow - An old-school Pizza Hut - just like where Mom used to take us in 82'.Not one of these new high-tech / high-style Pizza Huts - or God forbid a freaking Taco Bell/ Pizza hut combo! This is an authentic old-school classic Pizza Hut Restaurant with the same red roof, a salad bar, waitress service, video games, and old red booths. Well worth the drive to bum fuck egypt once in awhile.
5	We just moved to Buckeye, (Verrado) and was experience was awesome, Yes its in Downtown Buckeye, not a nice place to say the least, but its worth the experience.
2	4.00 for a bottle of beer.....ridiculous. Bring back the draft beer!!!!!!! The two stars are for the forever great pizza, just don't find pleasure in eating it there with over priced bottled beer.
5	This review could have easily been a 1 star but because of the professionalism and the customer service I received from Carla, it is now a 5 start review. I placed my order this evening and was informed there was a much longer than normal wait time. That was a bit upsetting but I was willing to wait. When I ordered a pan pizza, I was then told that they were out of pan pizzas. Grant it I called at 9:30 pm and it was close to closing time, but with a $10 for any pizza, they should have been prepared and had extra dough prepared. I asked to speak to a manager so I could complain. I was expecting lame excuses and apologies but I was so pleasantly surprised! Carla, the manager on duty, did apologize but she did not try to give me a song and dance. She was honest with me and that goes a long way. She handled my complaint so well that I decided to go ahead and order anyways. She offered me a substantial discount for the trouble that I experienced and for that I am thankful. If every manager could learn how to handle customer complaints with the same amount of honesty and understanding as Carla did this evening, the world would be a much better place. A little but of humility and honesty goes a long way and is very much appreciated. Thank you Carla for renewing my faith in customer service.
1	No more salad bar, what a joke. It would be nice to see new owners for this place that cared for customer service. Hate to say it but must, typical Buckeye.
1	This is the one and only Pizza Hut that I have been to that doesn't make pizza like every other one in the world. That being said, I have given them numerous chances to do better thanks to their proximity, $10 pizza price and lack of any other good pizza in town. The last time it was worse then horrible and they even had a offer for their new pizza stating that you would get a free pizza or money back, don't know which if it wasn't right. I ordered once and asked for no green peppers. Green peppers are something that even if you pull them off the flavor stays. I let it go because I seriously am so tired of having to complain. All I want is a decent meal. So, the next week I ordered again. When my pizza showed up with no black olives I called. I told them about the previous results and that I hadn't complained or requested the meal free as advertised. The manager told me that he would credit our bill by $10 and he never did. The time spent on the phone when all I wanted was the meal I ordered and for it to taste like every other pizza hut....I ordered from the Pizza Hut on Watsons and picked up. Their pizza, while really over cooked, I was so happy with because it tasted like a normal Pizza Hut! I really wish they would allow you to contact the owner and let them know. They loose a lot of money by loosing customers. I went so far as to contact corporate only Pizza Hut about a year ago about this same Pizza Hut. They didn't bother to answer so it's pretty clear that they just don't care.I remember back home, we would go 20 miles out of our way to go to the Pizza Hut and eat... Such a shame. You can not just get take out from the other location even though it's six miles from us because the website defaults you to the other location!
2	The staff is a little rude they will have you waiting 20 minutes or more before they help you but in the end the food is good
