4	I like Petco- see review of my neighborhood Petco http://www.yelp.com/user_details_review_search?userid=n86B7IkbU20AkxlFX_5aew&q=petcoI dropped in to this one since it's right by work.Few things I like about this particular one. I love EarthBath dog grooming products and it's carried at this location. They have other good natural shampoos too. My cat likes chunky cat food. I normally get him Weruva at the specialty natural pet food stores but sometimes I can't get there in our odd night schedule. Theres a few chunky selections here, Solid Gold, Petite and a few others I cant recall which somehow my neighborhood location doesn't have.My pugs chew like pitbulls so I get the big thick "throw" rawhides and long bullysticks here. Their fish area at this store is particularly nice of a selection and the staff is knowledgeable. It shows off in their display tanks they did around the store- a nice saltwater, a freshwater with a ton of live plants, and another fresh tank showing how to do a proper basic tank. They have live saltwater corals and plants and I dont normally see much selection of these at the other Petco. I've been wanting a fish setup and I'll probably grab a few things and advice here.Of course I will be back,
1	Went in for fish. All of their tanks were dirty and the staff ignored me. As in, they seemed to go out of their way not to talk to me even after I was standing there for over five minutes. Finally just walked out. I'll pass in the future. Thanks.
3	This is my local PetCo. I could go elsewhere, but they are close and the prices are good. We have 2 cats and a dog, so we spend our fair share of cash on our animals. We like to buy good food for the animals, but cannot spend a ton of cash on the ultra special premium extra fancy food found at specialty stores throughout the valley. Here we can get good quality food for a good price. We can also pick up those other necessary items like cat litter (they have a refill station which I like because its less expensive and more friendly to the environment). I've found the staff here to be friendly and helpful, though they always seem to be understaffed.
3	I guess every Petco is generally the same: They have everything I need, but they need more cashiers when the store is busy. I have no problem with the employees. Everyone who has helped me so far has been very nice. I just don't understand why they can't have two cash registers open when there is a long line of 5+ customers waiting to pay and leave. Frustrating!! Especially when you get stuck waiting in back of people who did not carefully read their coupons and try to argue with the employees that they want a discount. OR people who just love to talk and have no respect for the other customers who have been patiently waiting!Another thing that annoyed me was back in the summer when they were having a pet adoption weekend. We all know how hot it gets here in Vegas during the summer. They had dogs in cages OUTSIDE of the store! It had to be 100+ degrees out there, are they crazy?!?! We felt so sad for those dogs, why make them suffer? I don't understand why they could not move them inside the store??I think Petco has a good selection of "natural" pet foods. As a PALS member, they send you useful coupons in the mail. I also like their buy 10 bags of food, get 1 free offer. I like this location because it is close to where I live and as I have mentioned, I can buy everything I need for my dog and cats here.
2	Ugh...my first time stepping into a Petco, and immediately hoping that it would be my last, but they are the only ones that have the kitty litter I was looking for.  Maybe I will change products then...There were 2 customers ahead of me in line, both with their 4-legged friends in hand.  Cashier, nor supervisor, paid no attention to the rest of us in line, only the 4-legged friend of the first customer, who had already completed her purchase.  Really.  I am all for welcoming and loving our pets, but at the expense of customer service?  Sheesh!  So, then after an extra 2 minutes of cuddling and petting the first "customer," the next customer was already short-tempered.  When she asked about some I.D. Tag machine being out of order, the supervisor went on and added "There's a HUGE 'Out of Order' sign on the machine, and it's not working."  Duhhh!  Thanks for the added explanation!  I'm sure that's what the customer ahead of me was thinking.  Anyway, she bolted out the door faster than the supervisor could continue on with her suggestions of waiting until it gets fixed.  Haha!  So, now comes my turn at the register, but of course, I have to wait to be acknowledged, or even turned to my direction, because the cashier and supervisor were still busy with their conversation of sarcasm and criticism of the previous customer.  Wow!  Talk about crass!  You'd expect to find more of that behavior from customers in an establishment rather than employees In Front Of Customers!  LOL!To be brief, absolutely no customer service!  I mean, seriously, it's as if they hire right off the streets and dump them in front of a cash register in hopes that money will pour in here.  It wasn't really lack of customer service; it was just lack of manners, or etiquette really.  Luckily, I knew and found what I needed and was out there in no time.  It played out in such a hysterical manner, that I had to laugh, but nonetheless, ZERO customer service.  How sad these days...
3	The closest pet store to home.  It has all the brands we need for our dogs.  Having Wal-Mart in the same plaza makes it easy to kill 2 birds with one stone.  Sorry, I know killing birds isn't the best comparison in a pet store review.My wife thinks a better dog clothing department would help :)  The cashier line can be a bit slow at times.  Especially when you got the old lady in front of you that has broken out 11 different coupons.  Some are expired, some the cashier isn't familiar with and one is for Del Taco.
3	I had a special cat scratching post to buy that only Petco carries or I wouldn't have come here.  I give the store three stars simply because they had what I wanted.  Other than that, the place is small and the selection of most items is limited.While here, I bought a new hummingbird feeder.  They only stock two kinds.  The one I took was discounted because the top was lost.  Since I don't hang my feeder (Las Vegas winds always knock them off the tree and to the ground) this was perfectly OK.This is a place to go when I need that special something for the cats that I can't get elsewhere.  They have their hearts set on the 63 inch cat tube.  I got that disappointed look from them when it didn't come out of the bag I brought home.  Oh well, a trip back.
3	The review is for 3.5 stars. This is the one we go to the most, compared to the rest of the locations. Once we got a huge bottle of dried shrimp for our turtles, here, but it was a closeout (the product changed). I also really like the bulk dog treat section, close to the registers, where you choose your biscuits, but I can't remember what the cost is- very similar to the candy places- per quarter pound. Since Petsmart is our first choice, this is our second choice for pet food and pet supplies. But we manage to stop by if we are in the area. This is a little smaller than the Petsmart stores, too BTW.
5	My Best friend.... Forever loves this place! Every time we come here he just won't stop wagging his tail and wants to mark every little corner as his own. I also enjoy it too, this is the only store that I can bring my dog in with me without having to pretend I'm blind, or a celebrity.   I always find what I'm looking for at PETCO, always well stocked and the place is always clean (before we get there) service is great too, employees are very knowledgeable about the products and always willing to help, sometimes with a smile sometimes without. (cleaning on aisle two!)   Good products, good service, and conveniently located in (pet friendly) Chinatown, will definitely guarantee my return.                                                                                                      Please keep that mop ready!
5	I love this petco! It is clean, near my house and the staff is awesome! They have adoptions weekly I believe for dogs which is always nice. The staff is very helpful, anytime I need something they are eager to help.
3	This Petco is hit and miss and can be frustrating when you stop for a specific product and they are out of it just like today. I also informed an employee in the aquatic department about two fish that I bought here at different times that both died after a short time. I have a lot of fish and only the fish I have purchased from this store have died! I will just continue to by my maintenance items needed for our 75 gallon Aquarium however will not purchase fish ever again from this store.The staff is friendly and the store is clean and the location is close to my home so I will continue to shop here for convenience reasons. I also like that their exchange and return policy is lax because they guarantee product purchases. I have bought things for my Aquarium that did not work and they will refund or exchange with no questions asked.
3	This isn't my favorite Petco, but it's close to home so I'm here often.There isn't much to say, they have a decent selection of doggy toys and food, so I was able to shop around and find a good "easy to digest" formula for my pup (he has a sensitive belly, and prefers not to talk about it). The staff is fairly nice, I've had an awkward encounter with a team member attempting to help me in the bone aisle, I said I was just browsing for something that my sensitive bellied pup could chew on that wouldn't make him sick. She asked a few questions about him (what breed, his age, etc) and then just stood there staring at me. I was extremely uncomfortable and quickly left the aisle. Other than that time, there have been very few occasions that I am confronted by a staff member that wants to help me. Which is okay, I don't really need/want any help in there anyways!When I do bring my pup in here, the staff is always extremely nice to him. Even though he doesn't have the best manners and tries to get behind the register and jumps on the cashier. And I'm glad that they put up with his snorting and sniffing.There are also decent sales that I catch at this location on my dog's food. Once I even found a page of coupons sitting on the shelf for $4 off my brand! I don't know if they were put there for shoppers, or if I'm a lucky coupon thief. Either way I used 'em!I do wish that they had a better selection of doggy clothes. But it is probably better on my wallet that they don't.
4	Great experience. Our older cat had allergies, so we decided to check out Blue Buffalo food. Turns out that there was a representative from the company working there. She answered all of our questions. It was so helpful.
1	Very poor service. Also with the Manager. Not a fan of this Petco location. They need to change the atmosphere inside. Very unfriendly and so negative on things.
4	Friendly staff and convenient location.  Nice selection.  I haven't been in yet that they were out of my main stay supplies.  This location is close to work, so I frequent it often!I love that you can bring your pet.  Our dogs love going in and picking out their own treats!The lay out of this store is like most others. Easy to identify sections from the front.  The staff ask frequently if you need assistance.  Don't forget the homeless pet donation option at check-out!!!  Donate whatever you can!  It goes to a great cause!
2	Not a bad place but it seems small and very limited on what they carry. The store is neat and clean but there is just lack of choices.
3	Not the best pet store in the area but they give good coupons.We complained on several occasions on the horrid reptile keeping and care and they seem to have gotten a handle on that finally. I don't think I would ever buy a live animal from there but at least there are less dead ones when we go in. They have a great selection on dog and cat foods and such which is also nice. And one of the only places I can find my hedgehogs food! The staff is friendly (some times a little overly so, but that is just me)
5	Love this petco. The staff is so friendly an I always get great customer service. Its always very clean an when I go it's always stocked well with what I need. An if I can't find it or they don't have it they go out of their way to get it or find it for me.  The grooming salon is awesome. Everyone in there is so nice an great with the pets. I'm always greeted with a smile an how's your day every time I take our English Bulldog Bentley there to be groomed. They are so great with him an gentle an loving. The min we walk in there already saying hi Bentley an petting him. They always take amazing care of him an when I pick him up he always looks great an very happy. I would recommend this petco for all your needs.
3	After we adopted our new addition, we needed to get the essentials!  We stopped by this PetCo because its close to the house.  We'd been here before, but not for our OWN dog, so this was exciting for me. They have a good selection, and prices are pretty good.Jack had a little accident in the store, and I explained to the girl who brought me over the cleaning supplies that we just adopted him...she came back with a HUGE coupon book!  We saved a ton of money on dog food, a bowl, a leash, and a collar!The staff was pretty nice, except for the lady in the dog food section who kept trying to convince us to buy a 6 pound bag of "organic" dog food for $20, and all these "breath supplement bones" to help with bad breath.  We ended up getting the dog food, but only because it was close to what he was being fed before, and we had a half off coupon.  I'll definitely be back...its getting colder, and I want to get a sweater for Jack!
5	I love Petco! Specifically and especially their grooming salon. This Petco is a bit far from my home (but the closest Petco) so I don't go to it for my dog's supplies but only for the salon. I wish there was a Petco nearby my home as I'd prefer to go to Petco for supplies rather than PetSmart. When I do have spare time though, I'll definitely check out the store and update my review on that. The staff for their grooming salon are wonderful and friendly! My two (and now three) dogs love them as their staff are more sweet and patient with the dogs. When I brought one of my dogs to a PetSmart grooming salon, he was misbehaving (like usual) and when it was time for me to pick him up they charged me a little extra because he was misbehaving (I don't know if they still do this or not). I don't mind being charged extra...but honestly, the Petco grooming staff, as I've mentioned previously, seem and are much more friendly, sweet, and patient with the dogs. My dogs are and always will be regulars here. I'm moving homes, and we have a PetSmart almost walking distance from us, but no matter how much further I have to drive, Petco will always be my first option.
