5	Emmalee is the best!  I have been going to her for both my cut and color for years.  You can't go wrong!  I will follow her anywhere :)
5	I just moved here about 1 month ago. I was very nervous about going to a new hairdresser but I referred to this salon and Seren (the stylist). She is absolutely amazing. She does an amazing highlighting job. She was so nice, she even sent me a thank you card with a 15% discount. I will be going back in the next month or so to get my hair done again. I am so glad that I found a great salon... and a great stylist the first time around!
5	Friendly staff, clean environment, nice decorations and very skilled hair stylists. A great option for anyone living in North Scottsdale who's looking for a new salon. Ashley is a great colorist!
2	I was a client here 4 years. I feel pretty sad/a bit guilty for this review, as I liked my stylist so very much .....sweetest person ever (will not use her name).  However, over time - my cuts were hurried and sloppy. My hair was lifeless and had no shape. I blamed menopausal hair. I finally did something outrageous. While I was in Orange County, I went back to my former stylist - in SoCal.  Suddenly, my hair looked thick and bouncy.....the cut fell into shape without having to force it and over-style. And I was getting compliments daily - both from people I knew and strangers who wanted to know who did my hair. So, I waited 3 months before I went back in to Aspire and had to confess that my former stylist had done my hair. I asked that she "follow the lines" of the cut and just trim/shape it. I pointed out what I liked about it.....letting the bangs grow out, for example. Well, it took her less than 20 minutes to destroy that cut......even my bangs "returned."  I paid, I tipped. I calmly went home to work on it for about a week - just get used to it - give it a chance. I got more and more frustrated. It was limp, had no definition and had to be forced into any style. (My hair styles easily if properly cut). .  I didn't have the energy to be angry. I was just tired of this. I called Goldy and told her Im not one of those clients that freaks out over a bad cut, but I needed to ask her to refer me to someone in the shop "who is a really talented, experienced cutter."  Stylists excel at different things. Goldy made glowing remarks about Jamie, and I made an appt. Halfway through the cut, Jamie informed me she had only been at the salon for 3 weeks and is from Chicago! Now, Goldy had been on vacation for 2 of those weeks. How could she possibly refer her work in this instance? Jamie did more random texturizing and I could see the layers getting shorter, thinner.....with the top layer looking thick and round. (She blamed it on the previous cut)..  I had to ask her to stop using the thinning scissors. When she attempted to style, she used 5 products in an attempt to get some sort of shape. My hair felt gummy to the point I had to wash it that night.  I did not over- react. I paid for the cut and tipped her, I emailed Goldy regarding the problem and she offered to refund my money. At that point, i was just another "problem client" to her. She missed the issue. As a professional in business, I felt she betrayed her clients' needs. I did ask her "what were you thinking when you referred a brand new stylist you had not observed for a period of time?"  She did not reply to my email at all. To make matters worse : Let me add that emotional "spite" has no place  in business.  My sister had moved here a year ago and having tried my stylist was also displeased. However, she saw an Aspire client whose hair she liked very much and made an appointment with that person's stylist. When Goldy realized who my sister was ......my sister received a call canceling HER appt!!  I will add that at no time was I rude, raise my voice, swear, or discuss my issues in public in front of clients or other stylists. I handled it privately and would not accept a refund because the stylists offered me their time and services as best they could.I will say my hair has been cut twice since this incident....by my former stylist, who,btw, was never hateful or critical of any other stylist. He did point out that texturizing is a precise, time-consuming method. I notice he snips at the hair carefully when texturizing. He doesn't whack at it with the full blade of the scissors in random motions......leaving long, thin feathery tails. As I said - my Aspire cut was done in 20 minutes....I watched the time. My cut in Newport Beach? 1 hour, 20 minutes. And it looks fabulous.
5	I highly recommend Ashley at Aspire for any color, cut or styling service, she is highly knowledgeable on the latest trends and is a talented color expert. I have tried other Scottsdale salons in the past, but have always come back to Ashley at Aspire.  Ashley takes her time making sure her customers are completely satisfied with end results and she goes the extra mile to perfect my look.  I am so pleased with my results every visit!
4	Had a cut and color with Ariana!  Loved it and her!   Ariana was so much fun!!  I can't wait to go back.
