5	My friends and I stopped in on our way back into Town and the food hit the spot! All the ingredients were fresh and made to our specifications.  The crust is especially  good.  This is one of the best pizza's I have had.  Reminds me of Italy, Its filling but doest not weigh you down, lots of fresh toppings but not greasy at all.    Service was amazing and the prices are very good- you can get a pizza for $7! - the owners make sure you are happy and satisfied.   This is now my fav pizza spot in Vegas!
5	I go here solely for the lamb gyros combo. My friends and cousins go here for the same reason. The inside has a very minimalistic design only containing 2 tables perfect for one on one conversations.  The inside has a pokeball paint design. I'm only writing random shit because yelp won't let me just say "awesome gyros. Living with my ladies #live"
5	Delicious pizza wings and fries! I was reluctant to order fries for delivery as normally when you order from somewhere by the time you get them they are soggy, cold and gross... But not here they were hot! And really crispy as well as the hot wings. The pizza has fresh ingredients and so yummy. I love this place.
4	Ordered from them yesterday. Delivery was fast and polite. Their chocolate cake, French fries and wings are awesome. Their pizza has a crispy crust and lots of toppings. They send their small sodas in a can which is better than a cup IMO. Will order from them again.
5	So I kinda dont wanna write this review because this has become one of my favorite places to go..not for pizza...but their awesome burgers.  Im afraid they will change something if too many people know...but oh well.  Ive never tried the pizza, but the burgers are huge and flavorful with a toasted bun, steak fries, and super yummy toppings for under $8.  Delivery is fast and friendly.  A every so often indulgence for sure.
4	I ordered pizza for myself and my two sons last night and wasn't disappointed in the quality at all. We got pizza, wings, and I got a slice of cheesecake to indulge in after they went to bed. All were tasty. My only complaint is that it took over an hour and a half for the delivery. If I had known that, I would have probably called a different establishment. By the time the food got to us, I had two very cranky children and I was quite cranky myself. Hoping for a better delivery experience next time around.
4	New Year's Eve in Vegas! Wow they were busy but the service was great. The pizza was fantastic as well as burger and ravioli. They delivered within the hour which is long but considering New Year's Eve it was fast. Some pizza places were 1 1/2 hours. Will order again if in area.
