4	after being spoiled with real Mexican food in California, I became obsessed with finding places that served those damn delicious tacos. so, on a past trip to las vegas, i finally discovered a restaurant that did.i got 2 carne asada (beef) and 2 birria (goat). soft, juicy, and jam packed with flavor. very authentic in my book.i should have topped my tacos with more cilantro and onions, but was too ashamed because of the long line behind me. the sauces i took on the side were really good too; a green and red salsa.the wait was long, but i didn't mind. i just couldn't wait to eat.fyi: they do take out also, so be sure to call ahead if you're in a rush.
3	This place is close to my house- closer than either Tacos Mexicos or Robertos, so it's on common rotation at my house. My boyfriend prefers to get a carne asada super burrito while I tend to try either tacos or different burritos. Their lengua & carnitas are good, but I found lots of sharp bones in my birria, which ruined the experience for me. Their super burritos come with lettuce, tomato, sour cream, rice and beans plus the meat of your choice for 4.75, about the average. Their burritos are large and filling, making either a hearty meal or two lighter ones. Their chile relleno burrito is a little more, but  fairly tasty.Be warned: their nachos are crap. You can get much tastier nachos a mile or so down the street at either the Roberto's at Russel or the one in the Sinclair station by Indios. Refills are not free but I always get my food to go so that's not an issue for me. I don't know how stringent they are about it, but they have signs warning against sharing drinks. Another decent burrito shop in Vegas. Nothing so outstanding its worth driving across town for, but cheap and filling if you're in the neighbohood.
2	The picutes look tastier than the food actually is. The first time I went was the mini tacos. yuck . i left hungry. I'm all about mexican food but they had more onions in there than meat. maybe it was just my tacos that were gross. The carnitas tacos however were so good. I'd order those again. definitely. the chips and salsa were so gross.. my bf and I ALWAYS finish the basket.. NOT this time. we left the whole basket there. stale ass chips w/ watered down salsa. Yet I will say this place is always busy.  The 2nd time I went I was hung over and craving menudo. I got it to go and they packed it nicely with red pepper flakes, oregeno and it was good but not great. extremely oily, more than most menudos i've had lately. I wouldnt order it again. Knowing how many calories I'm consuming there... I'd rather go nxt door and eat @ Weinerschnitzel. :)
1	Holly cow this place sucks! First of all I was hesitant to walk in because someone had been shot there a couple of days ago. I orderd three tacos, carane asada, carnitas and pollo. They all tasted the same with a small flavor... the salsa sucked to... it felt like I was pouring lame tapatio in green and red slasa on my taco. The service was ok, but this place did not sell me. Not coming back.
1	This place is terrible!  First, I had a hard time just placing my order because the girl kept interrupting me.  Then, after a long wait, I get my order, but they screwed it up.  Then, they give me this dirty cup for my 'chips and salsa' (which is a ripoff) and give me a dirty look when I ask for another.  Then, I have to wait and wait and wait behind this woman loading up for winter at the worst salsa bar I've seen this side of the border.   For all the trouble, the food wasn't worth it.
4	I love three things in life:  My mom, my bulldog and Mexican food...perhaps not even in that order (sorry mom!)  Because of this unhealthy obsession, I found myself cruising to the eastside of Vegas for the first time in ages (oh is this what Boulder Highway looks like?!?!).  Pepe's Tacos has won a number of the Review-Journal's "best of" awards over the years and I decided I need to see what the fuss was about. Well to quote my homie Bill Shakespeare "It was much adoo about nothing."  Much how I still continually wonder how Cuba Gooding Jr. has an Oscar Award, I must question what Vegas-ites were thinking when voting for Pepe's.  To be fair, Pepe's is fine.  In fact, the tacos I had were pretty tasty and the other food I'm sure is good too.  Prices were reasonable and the place is open 24 hours.  The salsa bar is also above average.  The best however?  That's a stretch as I think Roberto's is still a notch above and I'm sure there is even better out there.  Pepe's does offer some unique meat choices like cabeza and birria that one can't find at Roberto's and their taco special Tuesday thru Thursday is a great value (4 tacos and a soft drink for $6.95).  Some of the other reviews of this place seem a bit harsh as the place does it what it needs to do for being a hole in the wall Mexican taco shop.  Award worthy?  Probably not.  Lunch worthy?  Anytime...especially if my mom is paying (sorry again Mom!)
5	This place is legit. I grew up in LA and this place makes the closest thing to what I get in Cali. The Nachos: they make it right, no fancy melted shredded cheese, they use the melted, runny oh soo good glowing orange cheese sauce. The Tacos: Carne Asada is done right, good flavor and nice texture, they chopped it up in small bits so they are easy to eat. I live across town and still drive out here cause it is that good.
5	THIS PLACE IS CALLED PEPE'S TACOS!!!!!!!!(There's a big hint as to what you should be ordering right there in the name...and it's not Pepe.)Ordering a burrito at a taco stand is the same as ordering a steak at a seafood restaurant...This is not a Mexican RESTAURANT...it is a glorified taco stand and you should treat it as such. I have never ordered anything other than the breakfast plates or tacos here, nor will I ever! Some of you remind me of the girl I stood behind at IN-N-OUT who was asking them to make her a chicken sandwich.I have not eaten at all of the taco places in town but of those I have tried Pepe's is the best. They have the most choices of meat for your tacos, the shells are always nice and soft but never fall apart like the stale ones I have run into other places. AND they always ask you if you want the extras (onions, cilantro, and salsa) on the taco. So if you think there is too much of these things on the taco just don't get it and add them all yourself from the salsa bar.The lengua here is the best. I like mine finely chopped because it is a rubbery texture, and most places leave it in large cubes, the carnitas here are nice and moist, whereas when I've had it at Roberto's it is always dry and is not nearly chopped or shredded enough.The star of the menu for me and for those of you who appreciate it, is the best cabeza tacos I've had in Vegas. It is perfectly oily and greasy and tasty just like head meat should be.  Go on Tuesday or Thursday for the taco plate special: $6.95 for 4 tacos and a drink...and get at least 1 cabeza (if not all 4)
5	There's California Taco Shops and everyone else. It's just fact of the matter. If it wasn't for my wonderful, amazing, absolutely fantabulous wife I would have never thought twice to stop at Pepe's. Prior to going in I thought this had the chance to be one of the all time worst Mexican food joints I've ever tried. Holy guacamole was I wrong! This is the only taco shop in Vegas comparable to my SoCal roots. The first positive sign when I walked in was that this place had a juke box full of Spanish music - and it was blasting! There's nothing worse than walking into a quiet taco shop or one that's playing heavy metal (yes, that has happened). The next positive sign was that a majority of the patrons were of latin decent.  Another good sign was that the walls were all neon colors. White walls at a taco shop? No bueno. The last positive sign was that everyone who was finished eating had absolutely demolished their plates. Spotless, all were members of the clean plate club. Nuff said, I was a fan.Now bean and cheese burrito's are the staple of my taco shop experience. If they pass this test they are guaranteed to have a repeat customer for life. If they fail, they never get another chance, they do not pass Go, and they certainly do not collect any additional money for me. Pepe's passes the bean burrito challenge with flying colors and oodles of cheese. They have the best bean and cheese burrito in Vegas. I've even ventured out to their quesadilla and tacos. Absolutely awesome as well. Their tacos aren't that Taco Bell/Del Taco nonsense either. Small and on corn tortillas, the meat is chopped fresh, ingredients are all fresh. They also have a really good salsa bar. Morning, noon, or night you won't regret a trip to Pepe's Tacos.
1	This is a very popular (Why?) casual restaurant where you order at the window and wait to be called to pick up the food.  We ordered a total of 4 street tacos; 3 with dried out pastor and 1 with tasteless pollo.  Our plates included industrial taco chips, tasteless Spanish rice, ugly refried beans.  I did enjoy the complimentary carrot and onion escabeche.
4	Pass by this place many times so thought we'd stop as it seems it's always busy....the tacos were GREAT....will definitely go back!!
3	This place was my favorite till I ordered the Super Nachos it tastes like Taco Bell but worse.  Fake cheese sauce, meat, beans, guacamole and sour cream.  Hardly edible to choke down.  No tomatoes, no onions, no REAL cheese, zilch.  Seriously they must have pounds of shredded cheese and they used plastic cheese sauce instead for nachos. Most of the food is good would've given it 5 stars if they didn't mess up something so simple.
4	I have seen this place many times and decided to make a stop. What I found was a menu that had more than your usual taco and burrito. That's right, I ordered Birria. Goat. Let me tell you, the bowl came with lots of meat and the broth was good. Add the rice with some onions and celantro and every bite was great. The place did not smell greasy. The guacamole was freaking fresh and buttery with no seasonings to add with it. I have tasted the burrito and loaded nachos and it's not the same as others. I was satisfied. I hear this place gets busy so come early.
4	First visit to Pepe's Tacos. Had the super nachos. Was great only thing I would change and its just personal preference I would not put as many beans. Also had Beef Taquito plate. These were the best I tasted in Vegas. They were made fresh. Wife had the Birria (Marinated Goat Meat). She had the soup version. Since I don't ever recall eating goat I took a taste test and almost wanted to trade dinners lol. Mom had the usual Carne Asada Burrito which again I tasted and again I have no complaints. This was my first visit and it will not be my last visit guaranteed.
5	By far one of my favorite taco places in town!I love it so much that I come at least once a week for lunch! I either order your basic tacos (yum) or the gordita. The gordita, carne asada with everything is a huge meal. I am so stuffed when i finish it, but it is so worth it! The staff is very friendly and it is everything you would expect from a taco shop. It reminds me of my days in Mexico and eating street tacos :o)They should start a taco/ gordita punch card, after 10 get one free!!!
2	If you got the late night quasi-authentico mexican craving, then Pepe's is probably the place. Not the greatest or the tastiest, but for being OPEN INSIDE 24 hours, the night crew sees plenty of action. I usually get the Carne Asada Tacos, about a C+, and sometimes a Chile Rellano Burrito (tonight was pretty good, a B+, but usually a C-). My roommate loves this place and frequents it often: me, once in a while. To me, it is one step up from a taco truck.
5	Finally found a GREAT taco shop! I passed by a few times & never stopped but I was craving taquitos & menudo after a hike today. I was in the area so I decided to give it a try! Yeah I hit the jackpot! Absolutely delicious authentic mex food yum! This will be a regular stop for me from now on!
4	I'm just going to make it easy for everyone.Vegas24 hoursOff-stripCheapGoodFree horchata refillsComparable to LA taco places? Maybe close. They do have a location in Downey which I have yet to try.Adios amigo!
3	This is a great little place.  Excellent variety on the menu, and the prices are good.  There are 8 meat choices, including goat and fish.  Nice salsa bar, and several drink choices, not counting the normal soda fountain.
4	There are soft tacos, hard shell tacos, burritos, torta's, burgers, quesadillias, as well as a lot of other stuff.  It's open 24hours and there are several locations.  I come here fro the soft taco's.You choose your meat, today its carne asada, then there are onions, cilantro and choice of hot sauce.  I also tried the gorditias, a fried corn tortillia pocket with again your choice of meat, I got the carne asada, onions, and cilantro.I enjoyed the soft taco's, but the gorditias were over fried, they were very hard and difficult to eat.  For a quick snack or meal, this place rocks!
3	ate here today. i ordered a super carne asada burrito w/ chips and salsa. the meat was too chewy BUT it had really good flavor. as usual, i wasn't into the refried beans at all but everything else in there was good. when my order came up i went to grab it and was confused when i saw chips on the plate with my burrito as well as a whole separate plate of chips. my guess is that chips come with the burrito, which is something i'm not used to outside of the bay area. so that definitely separates this place from the others in town. they also gave me an empty cup with my order of chips which was obviously for salsa but there are cups at the salsa bar so i don't know what the point of that was. i saw it when i walked up and thought "oh they must give you a special salsa you can't get at the salsa bar when you order chips and salsa" but the cup was empty. (i don't actually care about the chips and salsa confusion, that shit was delicious and the more chips the merrier. i'm just bored and felt like boring you with my chips and salsa thoughts) also, i dug the flat screens playing a dvd of people making chile rellenos. made me want one.
3	Stupid singing rat :) ...the entire reason I ever tried Pepe's Tacos was because the stupid jingle is so darn cute.  What is it about a singing bobblehead rat that makes me crave tacos at 2 am??!  It's like this Pavlovian thing with me...Anyway, Pepe's is okay in my book.  It definitely fulfills my late-night Mexican food cravings more than, oh, say, NASTY Roberto's Tacos does (see inflammatory review).  I usually get pastor for my meat choice.  It's a little chewy but pretty flavorful.  I'm not so keen on the beans, but whatever.  It's a pile of beans.  It is what it is.I haven't ever come away from Pepe's feeling like I had the meal of my life, but I also don't feel like I've had scary mystery meat either.  It's decent.  The rat is cute.  Trust me, his little bobblehead is engaging in some pretty powerful hypnosis...if you stare too long, I bet you'll end up at Pepe's too!
4	Taco truck brought indoors. Meaning - YUM! They have the full fare - tacos, burritos, etc. All freshly made on the spot. Portions are grand. Tasty. The salsa bar is a little sparse (two choices, some radishes and cilantro) - but still fresh and tasty. We spent under $20 and ate until it hurt.Skip the Bell, go for the real thing.
3	Pepe's Tacos makes a great torta. They start with a soft roll, and add your choice of meat, beans,lettuce,tomato,avocado,and salsa. Mayonnaise also comes standard, but I skip it since the sandwich doesn't need it. (I ordered the carne asada torta)The beans and rice are average-- nothing too special. My son ordered a cheese quesadilla and really enjoyed it. This place is a good alternative to Roberto's which seems to be on every corner.
5	Boulder highway is not exactly a food mecca, but at least one item on the menu at Pepe's tacos deserves mention. That would be the Machaca burrito - shredded dry beef mixed in with scrambled eggs, onions, peppers and tomatoes. This combo was perfectly cooked and their was not ounce of grease at all.  The burrito also had rice inside and i opted to leave out the beans and every bite was glorious. Fresh cold radishes were a good side and I also loved that the chopped onions and cilantro combo was available at the salsa bar, which is basically just a normal salsa bar. Machacha is a tough dish to master, but Pepe has got it down pat.
4	I finally gave this place a chance. I been a few times and never stayed and ordered. FInally, gave it a chance when I saw they have a 4 Taco and a Drink special for $7 on Tuesdays and Thursdays. Granted its a little pricey but very well worth it. Its very clean inside and the menu pops right in front of you. Big bold yellow board lol. They have the typical menu you see in most places like Roberto's, Fausto's.....etc. They have the radish, carrots and salsa right by the register which makes it nice after you order. Decided on the Taco Special, 4 tacos and a drink and a side of refried beans. You get to choose your meat. Had one order with Carne Asada and another order with Chicken. They topped the tacos with Onion, Cilantro and salsa. Very liberal on the Cilantro onion. Which is a good thing. They were fast and wrapped my to go order. I got home and we ate. Awesome flavor and no fat on the meat. The onions and cilantro popped like flavor crystals in your mouth. The salsa was pretty good. Not spicy as I would of liked, but decent. This is the way street tacos should of looked and tasted unlike Tacos El Gordo. That place was garbage and I'll never go there again lol. The beans were very good. Not over salty and had a great homemade taste to them. Almost like my moms. I hope the beans stay consistent because I plan to order those again and hope this wasn't a fluke lol. All in all, very good and I can see why this place is always packed. Until next time, Let's eat!!!
4	Awesome $5 burritos and AWESOME juice selection.....pineapple! hell yeah killer late night fare. 3.7 stars
4	The taco are delicious here! A lot on the menu to choose from! A bit of good selections of sauces and drinks too! They have some taco deals on certain days too!
5	I'm long overdue to review Pepe's, seeing as I've checked in enough times to warrant a cot in the back.  This place serves the *best* street tacos in Las Vegas at a great price.  Once inside, the friendly staff does a good job keeping the place clean, and the salsa bar stocked.  They also always have a large portion of spicy carrots and chopped radishes.  The red salsa has a nice heat with great flavor.  I would take it intravenously if I could.  And here's something else unique about Pepe's:  Free refills on Horchata and fruit drinks (holy crap!).  That right there is one of the best values in town.The tacos themselves are glorious.  I almost always get the chicken tacos with the 3 taco special which is served with beans and a smattering of chips.  The carne asada is also *very* good, though the el pastor is just kind of "meh".  What I love most about this place is the consistency; the tacos are always delicious, always hot, and always made exactly the same.  This is in contrast to some other locations *cough* Rainbow and Flamingo *cough* where the product ranges from palatable to "Dear god, did one of the cooks find an old horse dead in the street on the way in to work?".  I would seriously eat here 4-5 times per week if my cardiologist hadn't threatened me with an anesthesia free heart procedure if I didn't cut back.  This is one of my "go-to" places in Las Vegas for friends and visitors alike.Some find the location (Boulder Highway and Flamingo) to be questionable, but just think of it as dinner and a show.  On the plus side, this location seems to attract a surprisingly attractive group of prostitutes, so bring the kids and play a rousing game of "Spot the Hooker".  It's fun for the whole family!
4	The tacos are really tasty! I found this place by accident and it is such a find. The food is really good from the tacos, burritos, chips, and sauces. They have deals on certain days of the week but they are not very expense in general. Good food decent price. The wait is never that long either.
4	Had the goat meat for the first time and LOVED IT. Did find a small bone so be careful but the flavor it worth a second try. The staff was nice and willing to help me understand what words I didn't understand on the menu.
1	This place sucks they can't get an order right 2 times in a row and overcharged me for my meal.
4	The tacos are really good and the burrito is big enough for 2! A little pricy for Mexican food but it taste good!
4	Clean store, food is yummy! Large portions, this is a win, win! Fully stocked salsa bar, burritos are huge, carne asada fries (sp) are amazing! You don't wait long here and the staff seems pretty happy and helpful...
4	Best Carne Asada street tacos!!!! They are consistently good, fresh and fast. I haven't tried any of their other tacos, but from looking at other patrons plates, it seems this place is good across the board.The neighborhood can be sketchy, but I've never had an issue.
5	Great AUTHENTIC Mexican fast food!  Carnitas tacos, Carne asada tacos comes with rice & beans.  Looks like an average chain, but is outstanding!  Worth a can ride if you are staying downtown/Freemont.
5	Ordered their Thursday Special of 4 tacos & a drink. I love "carne al pastor" so my tacos were Al pastor. Loved how well seasoned the meat was since I'm always having a hard time finding ones who aren't over seasoned or under seasoned. Tacos come with double tortilla and fully loaded with cilantro and onion & salsa of your choice. Pepe tacos never fails in authentic Mexican food spots and loved the fact they are open 24/7
2	I am not sure why this place has such a high rating. The burrito (super burrito) carne Asada is no bigger than a Taco Bell $2 burrito. The carne Asada is very bland and dry. Don't waisted money on chips and salsa as they give you a cup and send you to the free salsa bar and your entree already comes with chips. ( wish they would have stated that earlier on) . The only reason for 2 stars is cleanliness and ordering time were both good and the salsa verde is in the top ten. I may try another location as I feel this one may not be to par with the original.
5	After dealing with Roberto's crap forever... Finally tried this place. Their meats taste like they actually took time to cook and marinate, and granted the service isn't expectational, it is a wonderful late night taco spot. Why ever go anywhere else again? That's how good this place is. Usually I'm sketched out by cheap meat, but not here. It's so amazing.
4	Delicious food, bad location. The food from pepe's tacos is far more superior in taste and quality than any other mexican restaurant that i have tried. Will agree that this location is in a pretty rough location with lots of unpleasant people around. But hey im the to go guy so 4 stars is fair.
