4	A large pub with gothic pews and large tables. The staff was very friendly and informative. My friend and I were able to sample the different beers on tap before commiting to a pint. The other customers at the pub were just as lovely. We didn't make it into the door when a couple of tourists stopped us for a quick chat. Then at the bar, a friendly man chatted us up...not in a skeezy, creepy way...just a friendly chat about Scotland and whiskey and beer.
3	Milnes of Rose Street is another great wee pub in the fantastic Rose Street in Edinburgh. Milnes is pretty standard pub, but it is on two floors with ... wait for it ... two bars!!!! Amazing. However, it also comes with the standard pub stained carpets and below average toilets. This pub stocks a wide range of different beers, ales and wines along with the usual spirit selection and so there is something here to suit everyone. Milnes also serves the usual pub meals including pies, steak, soup and, my particular favourite, fish and chips, which had really well cooked fish and plenty of chips -always a bonus! The prices are incredibly reasonable here too, with a large glass of house wine costing about five pounds, and most main meals in the six to seven pound region. The staff are always incredibly friendly and plentiful and there is always music playing in the background, giving it a lively and fun atmosphere - definitely a place to go for pre-drinks before a night out.
4	Miles of Rose Street is a charming pub in an equally charming area just behind Princes St.The pubs in this area are pretty upmarket, and Milnes is no exception. It is more traditional in style than some of the pubs along this stretch, but old meets new in its decor. They have a hearty gastropub menu which isn't too over the top, and will undoubtedly suit most tastes. They have a good selection of booze and their prices aren't through the roof. Staff are friendly and there's a nice, relaxed but busy atmosphere most of the time.It's a nice alternative to some of the stuffy "traditional" places on the Royal Mile, and an equally nice step out of the affected attitude of some of the "style" pubs and restaurants within the city centre.
5	I'm reviewing this less as a pub, more as a Fringe venue. Though the fact it is such a great pub is the reason it's a great venue. I saw a one man monologue type thing in here called 'Honest'. If you get chance go and see it, it's really darkly funny and incredibly misanthropic. Nominated for all sorts of stuff.Milne's itself is on the very popular stag route of Rose St, where nearly every business on there is a pub. And it's like a tardis inside. Room after room after room spiralling downwards. I felt a bit lost by the time I got to the tiny little room (which seats about 20 people) where the show was being performed. But the clinking of glasses and background chatter of punters provided the perfect backdrop for what just happened to be an excellent performance.Also, they've loads of draft ales, some good, some bad. Avoid the Directors, it tastes like ashtray. But ask the bar staff, they'll let you try before you buy. Great spot.
4	Pretty nice little bar. I was there for a work function and we'd reserved the downstairs area - it was a great little spot, they did some good food and a nice choice of beers.Not too noisy, too crowded, or too quiet. Plus I had a win on the bandit. Yeah!
4	Always pop in here for some lunch, the foods good, not large portions and a good selection of drinks, the staff are on the ball and even when the place is buzzing the service was spot on. but one criticism - pet hate. I hate the Idea of take your table number to the bar and pay for your order upfront, sure for drinks or if your outside (Brewers Fare comes to mind)It wont stop me from going back tho.
3	It's hard for me to write reviews of these sort of places, as the old-man / traditional pubs are not the sorts of places I'd choose to go to myself and don't have much experience of. It's not that I think they're lesser compared to my preferred watering holes; it's just I prefer somewhere with music, funky quirky details with decor, the potential for interesting cocktails, and more than one type of gin. Also, I don't like beer or football.That being said I had a merry wee time in Milne's Bar on a Saturday eve. There was even football on the tv when I was there and the simultaneous roars of the crowd on-screen and jeers of the crowd in the bar didn't disrupt the banter I was enjoying.I came here with some friends for some pre-dinner drinks. Luck would have it we were dining at Seadogs which is a stone's throw. It's a traditional pub, quite nicely decorated and preserved along this line. They EVEN had Hendrick's Gin and Slimline tonic which isn't always the case in more traditional places.As far as centre-of-town traditional pubs go, this one's pretty nice.
3	If I'm being honest, I've never been inside, yet managed drinks here on two separate occasions!  I will say that I like the amount of outdoor seating it has...  there is something about outdoor drinking that I like...whether it is at night before trekking onto another watering hole or a midday drink.  That being said, it would be nice to see something other than the betting place across the way.  The drinks must've been a reasonable price as the guy I was with at the time didn't seem to complain and let's just say he keeps a tight budget.  Also like that while it is just down the street from where I usually stay, it is also near other bars and restaurants so it makes for a convenient stop on the drinking trail.
2	I read the other reviews about this pub and am wondering where the friendly staff were when I was in...I'm a bit sad about this place because traditional old man pubs are my thing, it's right in the city centre and the prices seemed reasonable. It's an over 18s pub and I'm a young looking person approaching 10 years over legal drinking age. I had to produce ID at the bar while buying a Diet Coke. To be told 'kids are not allowed in here' while I'm with colleagues on a work night out does not make me feel too welcome. I liked the pub but I won't be going back any time soon.
4	Good quality pub grub, in Edinburgh's famous literary pub. We summed it up: "if you're after a spot of traditional pub grub, Milne's is a very good place to sample it. It consistently delivers an excellent range of hearty dishes that are guaranteed to please. We look forward to that fish finger sandwich on our next visit."
3	It's an OK place if you want to just come for a few drinks with friends and are looking for a pretty central location.Food is typical pub-grub.Service could often be better, but then you are right in "tourist-city"...
3	Central location on Rose Street which is what drew us in.  But once inside- it is pretty typical of many of the bars located along this pedestrian mall.The main floor was packed so the server sent us down the basement.  There was one table left in front of the TV where the Olympics were being shown.  It was kind of funny for we felt everyone in the place was looking at us but of course it was just the TV hanging above our heads!This is a chain from the Taylor Walker group which has pubs all over the UK.  The menu runs the same between them as well.  Since I was only looking for a snack i opted for a bowl of soup and a beer.  The soup was just okay but they did have my favorite beer on tap so that put a smile on my face.If you want to order something- know that you have to go up to the bar and order as there are no servers.  But they do end up bringing the food to your table.Cold beer, friendly staff, okay food . . . . . .not bad for a mid day break!
3	Very traditional 40+ pub. Lots of rooms and cozy corners so they are high chances to find place to seat even during crowdy weekends evenings.
4	Been coming to Milne's Bar for as long as I remember. Staff seem to be changing Monthly. Apart from that a good selection of ales and lagers. Large selection of food. The place is a wee bit pricey as you can expect up Rose street. When my wife and myself go shopping up Town I frequent this place while my wife takes a wander round the shops.I have never seen any bother in this pub ever,a nice place to sit in the window and watch the world go by. I am sitting here now Tuesday afternoon 21st January at 1:40 pm. Quite busy for a Tuesday afternoon.I will always come to Milnes, nice relaxing place to be.
3	Stopped in for a pint and a bite to eat on a Saturday night.  The pub was crowded, but not too loud.  Live music was starting up in the upstairs as we readied to leave.The ale pours were below average - not sure whether it's their ales or what they use to wash their pint glasses but my creamy top dissipated within a minute or two of the pour.The boar sausage roll and ham croquettes were pretty nasty and not very appetizing (or good).I liked the various nooks and the lower level but the staff was average at best, and not overly friendly.  If you're looking for a great pub to be a regular at, keep looking.... Not one of my favorites.
1	Went in for a meal and a pint with my wife. After reading the menu and then going to the bar to order, was ignored by the bar man (smarmy git with a wannabe beard and fake posh boy english accent) several times. I was clearly in his eye sight, made eye contact with him and he continued to serve others. As I stepped right up to the bar he made it obvious that he wouldn't serve me. So after a couple more minutes and a fellow patron asking me if I wanted to move even closer to get noticed, I decided to take my business elsewhere. Very disappointed and hopefully the plant pot of a bar man gets his cards sooner or later. Idiot!!
