5	I had excellent service from the beginning. I submitted a quote request online and was quickly called back by Jim, a friendly guy who was willing to make sure my parameters were met. The drivers were prompt, friendly, and tolerant of me and my friends after we overimbibed - what more could a girl want? The prices were reasonable and we got home safe and sound. I will be a repeat customer I'm sure.
1	City Lights LLC was a complete nightmare. I could write a book on how horrendous it was working with them, but I'll keep it basic.1. Check them out on the Better Business Bureau's website. If you're still interested in booking them, you're either illiterate or dead. Here's the link http://www.bbb.org/pittsburgh/business-reviews/limousine-service/city-lights-llc-in-pittsburgh-pa-4004133/If that somehow wasn't enough, here's my story.2. They didn't pick me up. Yeah, you think it's just a stupid worry that brides have... of course they'll at least pick you up, right? No. They didn't. They ditched me completely & I had to find a ride to my own wedding, despite the fact that I had pre-paid $1,200.3. They showed up_after_ my wedding. . . 3 hours after they were supposed to pick me up at a different location? OK fine. At least they showed up at all, right? No. They showed up with a dirty, rusted out limo that actually still had garbage in it from the last people. oh, and the last people were totally smoking weed in there. Consequently, that's what my dress smelled like after I mustered up the strength to step inside of that trash-mobile. Awesome way to hug my family on my wedding day!4. They won't give me a refund. Nope, not even partial. When I call them, Jim -- the guy who makes the reservations -- makes stuttering noises, mutters something about how he has been on vacation (seriously, every time), then tells me he is on the line with another bride & has to call me back. He doesn't, naturally.5. So I complained to the driver on the day of. I know it wasn't his fault, but he was there so I did it. He told me that he knew this was pretty bad... BUT, he got re-routed to my wedding when he was actually scheduled to be picking up a different bride at 2PM (when he arrived at my wedding), and that girl was now being ditched just like I had been. He said they didn't have another car available to get her, so she was just completely stranded.5. If all this doesn't scare you off, then 1 more thing. Jim will tell you that you _have_ to leave your tip on your credit card. It's their new policy. lolz. good one, Jim. Our driver called me a week later (weird, I know... but he hates City Lights just as much as I do, so at least we have that in common) with a written letter from the company stating that they do not collect tips on credit cards. So Jim is actually taking your $$, and probably smoking pot in the rusted out lincoln navigator that he likes to pretend "troy polumalu rented last weekend". The company is a scam, Jim is a delusional crook, and I am still trying to get my money back before they inevitably file for bankruptcy. At least I can help you to not make the same mistake I did. Don't book them. srsly.
1	My wife and I had an absolutely terrible experience (still ongoing) with this company. The day of our wedding our limo arrived without working AC. The driver proceeded to tell us that it was broken the night before and we were supposed to receive a call from management but never did. So we were stuck with this limo all day for our wedding. Then when trying to contact the limo company for the next 4 weeks after to discuss the issue all we ever received was an email saying that they checked into the issue and believe they are not at fault. We never once asked for any money back etc but only wanted to have a conversation with this company to find out what happened and possibly an apology. But we never received anything. We have since still tried to contact this company by phone and email and have received no response. The better business bureau has also been contacted as they did not fulfill the original contract. DO NOT USE THIS COMPANY
