1	Went the first time, unbelievable eyebrow waxing and pedicure. Been busy with work and school, and really didn't have the time to take care of me. Had a free day yesterday and decided it'd be time to relax and visit again.... waited outside 45 minute because the sign out front was chipped and appear to say 10:00 am - but in reality must be 11... once 11 rolled around, a few older ladies showed up and ran with their walkers to the front door. After waiting 45 minutes I was rudely cut in line by 3 older ladies (and I do have respect for my elders), but cannot even begin to express my disgust for the staff who immediately sat them down in pedicure chairs and tended to them while blatantly ignoring me. My money is just as green as granny's and I tip all of my hair dressers, manicurists, waiters, etc. 20++%. Nail 09 you saved me a dime... and helped me find an even better salon!
1	I went to this place today for a pedicure and to my surprise they could take myself and my boyfriend at the same time. I was impressed, their service was very friendly however I won't be returning due to the lack of cleanliness.
5	I have being coming to this salon since I moved to Mesa.  I live it here. The staff is great and extremely friendly.  I love the nail jobs and pedi's I get done for me and my girls.  Mary and Anne always work on me and they are awesome.
4	Been going here for a couple years and visit often with a close friend who gets her nails done as well. They do my eyebrow waxing which I love. I always have a pedicure done and I have acrylic nails so they do my fills, back fills, and new sets when I need them. I usually see Mary for my nails and I do not have a regular person for my pedicures. I haven't had a "bad" experience here. I have been a little underwhelmed by the service when they're really busy though. I guess that's to be expected when it's crowded.
2	very dirty i would not go every again
5	Great place to go for a manicure. The staff there are friendly and polite. Must check it out!
1	This place was super dirty and the customer service was poor they didn't even clean up the extra stuff around my nails will never go back again.
