4	This place is usually packed late after coming back from Dos Gringos or whatever since it's right around the corner. There's a reason for this, their pizza is good. Big, wide slices... in fact their slices are double what you'd normally get anywhere else. Thin crust, chewey crust, great sauce flavor.  If you do get pizza here, order it by the whole pie. You won't be disappointed. I only will order a meat slice if I know it just came out of the oven. Personal preference and this is for any pizza by the slice joint.When I was there Monday night, the owner was singing softly. It reminded me of my mom when I was a little kid and how she used to sing to me............ i told him to sing more. I'm kidding, it was a woman singing.....so I'm not knocking this place, just pizza by the slice places in general.
4	this is the real deal, best pizza in scottsdale and top in the valley, these people know what they are doing, east coast style( way east ........Italy not New York:) big slices, perfect crust, and the cheese snaps when it is cooled just right and you bite into it.  with food i find beauty in its simplicity and a large cheese pie from this place is fore sure a beautiful thing
5	Hands down, best slices in Scottsdale....
5	That was a spicy meatball! I had the meatball sub and it was an explosion of happy in my mouth. The bun was toasted and the meatballs and sauce were delicious. For 6 dollars how can you beat this deal? The owner is friendly and a native Italian. HIs wife and him work the place. Cheers to him and his meatballs.Damn it was good.
3	Review NoirIt was one of those nights when every drinking party ends in a fight.  A desert wind was blowing through the streets that night.  It was a hot wind that pulled insistently at your clothes and made the hair on the back of your neck stand up.  The streets were quieter than a dead cat under the guardrail aside a moonlit mountain road.I was wearing my olive drab shorts and a black "Kill Your Television" t-shirt, I was sober and I didn't care who knew it.  I was everything an after-work regional manager ought to be and I was calling on Best of Italy.  She was exacting, charming and ruthless in the size of her slices.  I was feeling like a kid that likes to pull the legs off of spiders.  No more sense of morals than a downtrodden puppy.She's a grifter, a voice barked from the back of my mind.  Maybe she is, I thought, but what does this five-dollar special want?  Behind the flash, behind the smile, was there nothing but poison under that sauce?  I had to know, even if it meant the big sleep by morning.I tried her slices and they were good.  No, they were more than good and held that inner truth.  You know the truth I'm talkin' about.  The truth that makes you aware of just how aware you are. You know the world belongs to men like you, men who act as if it's a right to great pizza.  Pizza like this.  The truth that tells you the world would be a better place and not too dull to live in if there were more pizza like this around.  Because you're a part of it now, see?  The crust and the sauce and the cheese and the toppings...they're in you now and you can't go back.
4	I went back today. I always wind up here on Saturdays strolling around old town in the afternoon amazed at what a ghost town it feels like. So many closing down signs or available signs in windows. Kinda sad. I always wonder how the few shops left open do survive. So I love the pizza here. I feel like it's one of the best I've tried locally. I can't give it the five stars because the lady behind the counter is so dour. She doesn't crack a smile and seems almost put off if I hesitate one minute when ordering. Customer service is huge for me. It's almost like she sours my appetite with her attitude whenever I go there. I would probably frequent the place much more if there were actually friendly welcoming people behind the counter. If the pizza were not so good I would never go back.
4	Yup, 4 stars for you Best Of Italy.After driving around old town this afternoon frantically hungry me and the girl were starting to get up in arms about finding a spot to grab some lunch while out and about.Till I noticed, not for the first time Best of Italy, with a full dining room and "blue collar" inviting environment perfect for the savvy foodie out for a quickie lunch.As we walked in, my girl looked skeptical and I could tell by her face that, this was NOT the type of place she'd think I would have chosen. In my male sense though, I pushed it on past and ordered up a couple slices fresh from the counter from a clean cut, and well accented Italian dude, which as we all know is first sign that place is gonna rock. Second, I noticed the dough machine in the back vigorously spinning a fresh batch, also a key note to "this place is gonna rock" She ordered a Meatball sub and, as we sat outside, looking at the weird tourists and old farts wandering through old town, indulged in what was honestly one of the best bangs for the buck found in the east valley.Totally worth checking out for that "5 dollar" lunch as it will leave you begging for more.So no 5 stars you say?, It's good but c'mon man they charge you for that third refill :)
1	Realy was quite disappointed, Had travelled up from Tempe to watch a movie with my wife at camelview 5 and so looked up the reviews and chose this place. Business must be slow - since we were the only customers on a Friday night other than a couple of pickups.  The 3 folks behind the counter begged us to come in with their eyes.Large slices of pizza which had been pre-cooked were on display. Chose one each and they were rerun though their reheat oven. We took our seats outside on the sidewalk at a large and very unstable plastic table. I have to give these guys a star cos it didnt take long for them to run through the reheat oven.  They shouted at us to come and pickup the pizzas after they had been reheated, In my stupidity I had assumed they might bring the slices out to us - esp. with 3 idle folks behind the counter. They had asked me if I wanted a drink, but unfortunately they didnt have a beer or wine license and didnt feel like paying several dollars for bottles of water.Pizza was rather heavy, greasy and kinda soggy. Initially my wife had wondered if hers had been deep fried cos it was so soggy and greasy. I told her not to be silly - that happens only in the UK.Finally we finished up our pizzas and I stuffed the used plates and plastic ware into the overflowing garbage can outside.Nostaligia is the word - I was taken back to the world of my youth spent in the UK eating greasy deep fried pizzas served by grumpy old Italians.... :-)I really could have kicked myself for having chosen such a lousy establishment when there are so many other good places to eat in down-town Scottsdale.We wandered off down the street peering into shop after shop that were filled with cowboy hats and indian jewellery. You have to wonder how they all survive.
3	Happy National Pizza Party Day. I always look forward to May 15th, esp. since I found out this morning that it's National Pizza Party Day!To celebrate, I decided pizza was in order for lunch (I was going to hit Cien Agaves for tacos, but hey, it's a holiday...I needed to get in the spirit of things:)Now I (just like you) understand that pizza isn't a food for the masses...it's supposed to be made only from freshly diced organic tomatoes, grown in the shade of an olive tree...Pizza is supposed to have only house-made mozzarella and basil that was still swimming in the Adriatic Sea this morning (basil's a fish, isn't it?).I know pizza is supposed to be inaccessible and exotic...the stuff dreams are made of...not something just any old "joe short case" (definitely a euphemism) can buy off the street.In short, pizza is just for royalty...not for us work-a-day people.So I was surprised and delighted to find Best of Italy serving pizza during my noon-time walkabout of Old Town Scottsdale, today!Best of Italy...quite a claim, but we'll see!I walked in and the man behind the counter greeted me with a pronounced Italian accent...so far, very authentic:)I asked him if he knew about the holiday...you know...National Pizza Party Day? He looked at me like I had just grown an extra eyeball in my forehead and asked me again what kind of slice I wanted.I opted for the "meat lovers" even with the slightly "bi curious" theme the name implied.Well, I would not have believed it...there was no tomato farm out back (giant cans of tomato sauce, if the kitchen shelves are to be believed), giant sacks of "cheese", large vats of "Italian spices", that may have never seen actual sunlight during the growing process. Yet, the Best of Italy serves up a delicious and perfectly serviceable slice of pizza...in several different flavors and configurations!Suddenly, the food of the gods is available to the masses...you can walk right in off the street and get a slice. For only $3.00 (with diet coke, out the door for under $5.00...that's right, diet coke!)It's enough to make me want to have a party...a National Pizza Party!So, is the Best of Italy the best of Italy? I don't think I would go that far. But we should thank them for bringing pizza pie to us wretched masses who don't have the time queue up for 7 hour waits, or the monetary resources to spend $50 for one of the precious pies. Best of Italy, you do us all a service:)
4	The Best of Italy is open late night and if you so happen to be in Old Town and have the late night munchies you should stop by their pizza is awesome. You might want to get your pizza to go though there will be lots of loud drunkies hanging out there.
4	Sing when you say it: AAWWWESOOOMME!!!!!They put up with my whiney kids, had room to sit inside & we got out of there for under $16!!! Pizza was great! Even though I'm not from the land of great pizza...I know what I like & this was a fave next to Spinatos (Chicago style). That crust & sauce was great! Definately a new favorite.
4	I gotta say, I really am a fan of this little shop in Old Town.  I like their topping combinations of ready made pizzas and I like how the crust is very crispy and chewy at the same time.  I don't think its the best pizza I've ever tasted, but they really come through for you late nights drinking in Old Town.
4	This was the only place open on a Monday afternoon. Good pizza at a good price. Friendly service to boot.
2	Apparently there is a burly sasquatch with a gun in the back that forces the owner to stay open past 2am on saturdays, even though the hours are only til 2.  I know this because I was there and that was one cranky owner.If you would like miserable crankiness and horrifyingly bad service, I invite you to go to this place anytime and chat up the charming owner. To their credit, the employees are not the owner. If they were, I would want to punch them too. Pizza: decent. Actually pretty good. Not good enough to weather the one-man storm of discontent. Don't go there.
1	If you want to be yelled at for trying to get a bite to eat late night, come on over to "Best of Italy" where the motto is "Treat the customers like shit and make them suffer for all of our bad life choices"I understand that we popped into your pizza shop (located at the mecca of late night drinking - S Scottsdale) later than you wanted to be there, but you kept the door open, the open sign on and agreed to serve us and the other people in there pizza, so I don't want to hear how you have "been here since 9am."I literally got yelled at by the owner for trying to spend my money at this place, and the $3 I paid for the cold, lifeless pizza was $3 too much because it was awful, had obviously just been hanging around for hours and literally made me feel like I was digesting razor blades.Do yourself a favor and hit up Denny's or Philladelphia Sandwich Company instead... they may not serve pizza but I'm certain that they appreciate your business and won't treat you like crap.
3	When you're drunk the pizza here is pretty amazing (and they have several varieties!). When you're not drunk, it's okay, but really not all that great. The later part of that statement I only know from a single visit. The first part I know from several visits when I'm back visiting AZ. Apparently, they serve other things besides pizza and they they are open at other times besides the hours of midnight to 2 am on the weekends. I wouldn't know anything about that though.
1	This place actually deserves ZERO stars, but Yelp makes me give them at least one.  I HAVE NEVER BEEN TREATED SO HORRIBLY IN MY LIFE!!! THIS PLACE HAS THE WORST CUSTOMER SERVICE EVER!!!  I don't usually type in all caps like the above sentences, but that was all I could do to express how horrible the customer service was.  My boyfriend and I went in for some pizza.  I will say it was about 1:30 am on a Friday night.  I say this because I see others have mentioned how poorly they were treated late night as well.  We asked for 3 slices of cheese pizza with jalapenos. There were only 2 pieces of cheese left (everything else had meat =(...) so we quickly ordered a veggie for our 3rd slice since the lady at the register was very quickly getting irritated and impatient..  Literally right after paying we walked to the side to wait and turned back and saw a fresh cheese pizza that had come out from the back.  We quickly asked the lady at the register if we could change the veggie we had ordered for a slice of cheese.  She refused to exchange one slice of cheese pizza.  Another employee who was boxing the pizza up for us tried to change out the slices for us, and she yelled at him for trying to do so.  In my past experiences if a customer asks for a pizza that isn't out on the counter, they would go and check how much longer until it was ready.  This was not the case here.  I could understand if there was some long line out the door, but since it was before 2 am we were the only ones in there at the time.  I cannot express how poorly we were treated.  I will never go here again.  I would rather deal with the long lines at Joe's than the horrible customer service here even if there was no wait.
3	Always call to make sure they are open.  Make sure you actually talk to someone too.  Their hours listed on the door and voicemail are NOT CORRECT!!!!  3 times I went to get food and they were closed.  I LOVE the pizza, it is awesome.  It will be a long time before I eat there again.
3	Alright, I'll edit my review from before from 1 star to 3. I have been here twice since my previous review below & they have been quite slow at night & actually very friendly. It seems they have lost a lot of their bar crowd business, but at least they are turning things around in terms of service and the pizza is a good late night option. ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------If this is the best of Italy, I don't want to know what the worst is.Hands down, by far, the single worst customer service experience I've ever had. The owners are rude, miserable old people who apparently hate their customers.They are definitely not fans of the late night crowd, yet continue to stay open until 2 or 3 in the morning to catch the bar goers. They never sell their more expensive specialty pizzas at night (I like chicken pesto), nor will they make them by request. The woman, who clearly hates her life, begrudgingly took my order. I asked if any more pepperoni was coming out and all she did was shrug and point to the pans that were out, which I assumed meant 'you choose from what we have,' so I did. When paying I almost laughed at the fact they had a line to tip on - they must be joking. After awhile I started noticing customers walking away with their slices who had ordered after us, so I went back to the counter to check on our order. When I did, not only did I see a fresh pepperoni pizza coming out (how hard would have been for her to tell me one would be out in a couple minutes?), BUT I saw the slices I had ordered being put back out on the pan for someone else to grab. When I stopped them and questioned why my pizza is now sitting back out so they could sell it twice, she very snottily said "well I've been calling you for half an hour." First of all, what were you calling because you neither got my name nor gave me a number. Secondly, there was no possible way, considering we hadn't even been there for half an hour. So I thanked her for her wonderful service and walked away. A little while later we noticed a friend sitting waiting for his pizza and he told us as he was walking in, the guy who worked there was literally fighting the door with him. I guess he gave up on trying to lock our friend out and let him in - open sign still lit & door unlocked mind you. I don't know why these people hate making money so much, but if you don't want to serve people so late, then don't. It's that simple.The subpar, overpriced pizza is not worth the crap service - Do Not Go Here!
4	We go here just about once a week.  The pizza is good and hot.  The people that own it are nice.
3	I'd probably go ahead and recommend changing the name to "Best of Little Italy" because I'd be hard pressed to find any of that menu in the old country.  Having said that the wonderful owners, who hail from Naples, do a good job of making the Italian American standards that we've grown up loving.  Good subs, alright pizza, very good calzone.Also, judging by the reviews I'd recommend going during normal hours or not waiting to eat until the wee, wee hours of the morning.
5	Best of Italy is my favorite pizza joint in the valley.Consistently good pizza, whether I "dine in" and order by the slice or order a whole pie to go. Their salads and calzones are good too. The people that run the place have always been super nice.
3	Stopped by this place on vacation in Scottsdale last week.  We were just looking for something quick.  The pizza was good, nothing fantastic, but pretty good.  I had a slice of pepperoni and olive.  The ingredients were all fresh and I enjoyed it.  It was very expensive given the location.
1	Talk about bad customer service. Husband and wife team - the wife is a total sour puss and seemingly hates you for walking in the place. No smile, no greeting, she has one purpose - to take your money. Pointless signs are everywhere such as the one notifying you of a charge for the second refill of your drink (really what percentage of people actually have a second refill??), and don't dare move the chili peppers from the condiment area or you will be shot!! Pizza is good especially if you are hungry - could be better if they had a wood oven.
1	I saw numerous reviews online with ok, and bad reviews. I decided I would give it a shot, because I know that some people do not have common sense. I decided to really look past any bs and give it a shot, because we'll, I don't trust most people. I was actually really looking forward to it... That was before I called.There is a rule for ordering pizzas before 7pm, the cost is normal, and after 7pm, they go up in price. Probably because they are in old town, and well, people like to drink, and forget how much money they spend. I've never seen a pizza place do this before.I live 3 miles away from this location. Phone call went like this. * represents my voice.I call at 6:42pm, before the switch.Best of Italy.* Yes, I'd like to make an order for take out.Where are you located?* About 3 miles away.We do not deliver that far.* why not?Because our max distance for delivery is 2 miles.* what if I was odering 20 pizzas?Tone of voice changes and becomes very nice, oh, yea, we can deliver that!* HAHA! *CLICK*Now, I really just wanted one pizza, but you can tell these people only care about a the bottom dollar of their business and not about service... I cant make a huge difference, but i can warn you about what youre getting into before you call. All i know is that they lost this customer for life.I wish I could make that up. I wish I could have even tried their pizza, but they make it so easy to not even get that far.
1	Dont eat here.... Their Hawaiian Pizza has had me stomach sick since Saturday. And the lady that was there was rude as hell. She should have been nice since three slices was 12 bucks not including the $3 tip i gave them.
2	Tried their lunch special at 1:45 PM which is two slices and a medium soda for 8 bucks (mushroom and pepperoni slice). The dough tastes like card board and I've never seen so few toppings on a slice in my life. I would have hoped the Oldtown enjoyment tax for 2 slices and a soda would've went toward quality pizza, but... meh.
1	This place completely sucks.  I stopped by there for lunch one day during work and all I can say is don't waste your time.  I got the lunch "special" which came with two slices of dry, tasteless, rancid pizza and a small soda for $8.00.  First off, you call that a special?! Stop by Mama Mia's or any other pizza joint and you'd get the same thing for $4.00.  What a rip off! Then, as I was ordering I asked for side of ranch and that was an extra .50 cents.  Okay, whatever, I always think it's chincy when they charge for ranch but who am I to complain right?  So out comes my pizza on two different plates with two sides or ranch which were both measly plastic packets of Heinz ranch - not even fresh homemade ranch or out of a refrigerated bottle at least!  No surprise that the ranch was sour and spoiled! On to the pizza - the crust was cardboard and tasted like stale sour dough bread.  I'm surprised I didn't break my jaw trying to chew it.  The cheese was congealed and rubberized.  As for the sauce, well it would of been nice if there was sauce! The little sauce that was on there probably came out of a can or a plastic packet just like the ranch. I can tell you with 100% certainty that NOTHING here is fresh.  The icing on the cake was when I went to refill my soda to wash down this awful meal I just forced myself to consume and I see that they charge for refills! What a surprise!Next time, I'll go behind Chuckie Cheese and see if I can find any pizza in the dumpster. That would be gourmet compared to this crap - and I could save eight bucks! Woo hoo!
1	This place was horrible on customer service!!  They were not welcoming. . they accidently charged my card $185 which is not returned back in my account after, 4 days now.. Then they still made us pay for 4drinks $9 and when we asked for cheese to shake on it they were skimpy even after all that there were 3adults 3kids all together and they gave us a couple packs as if one pack covers a big slice They rushed us out by shutting the ac off even cuz they were closing! Pizza was good though however over priced and I did get sick the next day as well and my gf threw up to
1	One of the worst places for overpriced pizza or subs! Don't waste your money. Crusty/toasted probably day old small roll for a sandwich with 2 slices of meat and 1 slice of american cheese for $8. Slice of pizza was over $3 and medium drink was $2 (one refill allowed). Nothing tasted authentic or worth another visit.
1	I was looking for some place that would deliver on a Saturday which was challenging. I saw this place on yelp. There were many coupons being offered for pizza and sub combos. When I called I explained I was just down the street and the woman agreed to deliver for a delivery fee. I inquired about the special offers listed and was shot down repeatedly since those were dine in only. I've walked by before and it's tiny inside. She made me order everything separately and 2 subs and one drink cost $25. She wouldn't budge. The thing is, I work at a busy ace and could've brought her a lot of business. Food came in a timely manner. The meatball sub pleased my friend but she's the least picky person I've ever met! My turkey sub came with slimey processed turkey that kept sliding off the bread. The heavy slathering of mayo and wilted lattice probably didn't help the situation.Next time you want a sub, call jimmy johns. They delivery fast, are friendly and NOT $12!!
4	I stopped by after hanging out at Casablanca Lounge.True Italian food with good subs and pizza.Not gourmet but good comfort food...Definitely recommended!
1	This is the worst place for pizza in downtown Scottsdale or any downtown. I have come wandering in here after many nights of drinking and never could pull the trigger on a slice. They are nasty, greasy looking triangles that will set you back at least 5 bucks for one slice. My buddy used to get the slices and always said he would never order one again, but he was from Canada and kept choking it down. I think it was because he drank liquor and that further clouded his judgement and my pleas to "don't do it." It is a husband and wife team and they are always texting or on the phone when you walk inside and the place is never open either. Consider yourself lucky if you arrive one night and they are closed.
5	Been here numerous times, place is a bit small but it has lots of old world charm. The owners / staff are from Italy which adds to the old world charm of the place. The food has been good each of my numerous visits there. Pizza, subs, salads and calzones were all delicious and prices are a reflection of the cost of doing business in the old town Scottsdale area but well worth it. Mangia
1	This  is  the  worst  customer  experience  I wish  I had  read  it  on  the  yelp  about  the  husband  and  wife  duo.Wife was extremely rude, pizza was  over priced  and  had  to  toss  the  pizza  in  the  bin  as  it  was  so  bad.  My daughter  forced  me  to  buy from  them  as  she  was  really  hungry  and  did  not  want  to  eat  anything  else.  Wish  they  go  out  of  business  soon or  they have  a change  in  management
