1	OK, I know that this is a brand new spot and I shouldn't be so harsh but as I stated in my profile, I try to be as objective as possible.Let's start with the positive elements of this place. Nice decor, great location. Now my opinion, without sugarcoating it. Food horrible. We were there just for a quick bite and nothing in the menu sounded appealing to us (that's not the place's fault) so we ordered a bruchetta and a spinach-goat cheese-fig salad. How can you mess up tomato? How can you mess up spinach salad? Well, they managed to figure it out. The bruchetta is "decomposed", maybe trying to follow Ferran Adria's creativity or who knows why. But the thing is that the tomato mix was in a cabbage leave and the bread was on the side with a "touch" of balsamic vinaigrette. The bread was old, hard and plain. It was like buying one of those soft baguettes at the grocery store, forget about it for 3 days and then toast it. Then the tomato mix should be called the "never been kissed" bruchetta. The fresh garlic was so overwhelming that it was painful. We send it back and I believe they didn't charge us for that (I didn't check the bill, which for 4 drinks, the bruchetta and the salad was 60 dollars).Let's talk about the salad. Plain and boring. Lack of taste, dressing, and on top of that I ordered the "large" which was a joke. If you call a dish "large" you can't serve that portion.The service was bad but I guess that comes with a newly open place.The music was also totally inappropriate for the kind of place they want to offer. A cool place with good decor and music of a cheap dentist office playing at a really low volume. That fiasco forced us to listen to the most obnoxious table I've been sitting next to that I can remember. The typical wannabe with some cash to spend who was louder than a firefighter truck. Maybe some good music played at a decent volume would saved us from that annoying experience.Ah, one last thing, the menu is like from a neighborhood Chicago style buffalo wing restaurant or a cheap family italian chain. The menu (not the items but the actual plastic menu) has nothing to do with the ambiance they want to offer.Prices of food wouldn't be bad if the food wasn't that bad (at least the 2 items I tried).I'll go back some day soon because I am a true believer that everybody deserves a second chance but oh my, they will have to improve pretty bad.
5	Went into The Skinny Italian with my family and  I had the Veal Picatta style and the Calamari for an app and if was great! That buttery wine sauce with capers... so good!  With a great presentation.  My wife had the Fusilli & Chicken Al Pesto and the stuffed mushrooms for an app.  She said that it was super amazing!  My son had the Chicken Pesto pizza which I had a taste.  The flavors were good and the crust was baked to perfection! My daughter had the Pasta & Broccolini which has garlic and some chile flakes with olive oil.  She really liked the dish but said she is not big on the chile flakes and would hold those next time.We finished with desserts. We ordered the chocolate brownie and vanilla ice cream which is served warm and we had tiramisu and both were very good.The service  was good. The wine choices were good. Overall this place was great! We have always enjoyed the other Mancuso's Italian restaurants and for the price this is a superb value!  We are going back Sunday night to try some other dishes.
2	Went on date night the 3rd night they were open. Food was ok. Service was good. Spinach and goat cheese salad had no dressing. It was the orange wedge? Ok a little different but ok. Server told us after we ate half. The owner was pacing back and fourth but not once came by our table to greet us.  Little things like that make a big difference to me. Not sure if we will be back
2	I feel like every place gets a 2nd chance.. With that said I've been here two times now and still disappointed.  Im in the middle of a lifestyle change and eating healthy is very important to me when choosing a restaurant.  They advertised gluten free pastas which immediately caught my attention. I ordered their basic fettuccine gluten free pasta with the house sauce. They brought us tap water which tasted horrible, and took 35 minutes to bring two dishes undercooked gluten free pasta.. I could literally take a bite into the pasta and it was Hard to chew.. We politely tell our waitress who takes It back to the kitchen and wait another 35 minutes for literally slightly cooked pasta (though it was chewable this time). I was really disappointed, I was looking forward to this place opening up.
3	Here's the "Skinny" on the Skinny Italian, you can get fat eating here. The Skinny on the menu refers to pricing. They do offer a few healthier choices like whole wheat pasta and a gluten free pizza.We had two salads they were both good and OK.I had the arugula salad with added chicken. The chicken was good and the salad was suppose to have fennel in it. I did have three tiny pieces of fennel but they were the parts you don't eat. Two shreds of core and a tip of rib. Still the salad was OK and still good.My husband had the Crab salad. He said it was good but they should have left the lump meat in lumps and not shred it. This salad came with a mayo based basil dressing.I thought it was funny when they offered us bread and butter with the salads because of the skinny name. Again not skinny on your waist.Salads were OK maybe dinners are better.
1	Came in on Friday evening and we were promptly greeted and seated. ...That's where the service ended. We waited 30 minutes for someone come to our table to get our drinks. When nobody came, we went to the hostess stand to ask where our sever was, but there was no hostess to be found. We waited 5 more minutes and then we left. I hope one day to be proven wrong about this place because the menu looked delish, but in the meantime they need to work on their service and or staffing levels.
3	No fancy review here. Here's the skinny.....It's not "skinny" on calories or price. The salads were small and bland, but the tortellini was AMAZING. Service was decent. I'd go back for the tortellini, but for a quick "skinny on price" as they market, deal, Babbo is still my choice.
5	I don't know what's up with the bad reviews.  I had dinner here the other night and everything was great!  We had the creamy garlic pizza, a crab salad, and and their  house made cinnamon roll a la mode.  I loved the buttery taste of their ice cream.  Our waiter Mauricio was so good, I thought he owned the place.  Come to find out, they are actually a sister restaurant to Bobby's at Kierland Commons.  This place is just a baby at a little over 1 month old, so go in and try it.  City North is starting to rise up, and since I live in the area, I want to support all the new restaurants that open here.  They also have a great Peroni and Dos Equis Green on tap, so I guarantee I'll be back!
2	Hopefully the owners of this place read the reviews so they can fix the issues.   My girlfriend and Myself went here the other day.   Its a nice clean looking restaurant BUt, it is new...so that's probably why.   My gfriend is a restaurant manager at an upscale restaurant in scottsdale.   And she saw about 8 healthcode violations going on.  I give 2 stars because the manager gave us free drinks and he was polite.  And the food didnt taste that bad.   But.   The cooks were prepping food with the same gloves that they would touch your cooked food with.   They would touch the dirty towel and then touch your food.   The reason we saw all of this was because we sat at the bar.   The kitchen was open and you could see right inside.  Why they condone this kind of behavior and why the manager wasnt doing anything about it is beyond me.   The cooks never changed gloves. EVER.  the entire time they cooked everyones food they would use the same darn gloves.   CMON GUYS!  seriously?!!  Wake up.  Gross.
5	Good stuff.
4	I went there with my husband  on Thursday. The restaurant was very quiet. I ordered gnocchi with a Gorgonzola sauce, it was very good. The service was ok.
1	If you are looking for an inexpensive tasteless lunch, this is the place for you. Hamburger no flavor with tasteless fries. Chicken Picata AKA rubber chicken, tasteless.  We left part of food.and went to the Wildflower.Told the Mgr/owner, sort of a too bad/too sad attitude.  Service  OK  Not a lot of people at the restaurant, I can see why, May not be there for very long.
1	Wow!  Where do I begin?  I would have done this the night I walked out (Monday 12/17) but I had too much to say to type on my iPhone!  My wife and I walked in @ 6:30 and were greeted / seated immediately by the manager.    The place was VERY QUIET.  There were 4 other tables...2 had paid their checks already.  The other 2 tables were being taken care of by a waiter and a waitress.  They walked by our table numerous times where I attempted to look them in the eye and smile....no greeting...no acknowledgement...not a "We'll be with you in a minute"...nothing.  We read the menus....top to bottom....still nobody asked if we wanted a cocktail or said hello.  The waiter was hanging at the bar with the manager that sat us @ 10 ' away.  We put our menus down and waited another 5 minutes ....it had been about 12 - 15 minutes already....when my wife asked me if I wanted to leave....I said sure.   I got up slowly...put my coat on....walked towards the door....the waitress gave me a pleasant "Good Night & Thank You".The manager even said Thank You as we walked to the door....the man that had seated me 15 minutes prior..lol lol.  I asked him who was supposed to be waiting on us....blank look.....the waiter that was hanging out with him said he thought the waitress had taken care of us.  It was actually comical.  I doubt the owners read these reviews but then they wonder why they could have failed in such a premium location!By the way, we drove directly to the Thai House by Studio Movie Grill and had the usual excellent food & service!
2	Wow....2 lunch items, 2 sodas + tip = $45!Ouch... Service was good .... Pasta was ... Pasta....
3	Well the name "skinny" doesn't actually refer to the healthiness of their dishes, which is a little unfortunate for them because it could be a good niche and make up for the poor service. The place is cool looking, very trendy and upscale-ish. The service is really bad. I came here on a Friday for lunch and it was pretty deserted. Took FOREVER to get someone to come take our order, after minutes of trying to make eye contact with every server in the place. Food came, then it took awhile to get the bill and then took a very long while to get the card swiped and returned. The food itself is fine. The menu is pretty standard - salads, apps, pastas, normal Italian dishes like something-parmeson, etc. I had the argula salad which was very yummy. I can see this place being good for a date night, when you can be very leisurely about your time.
2	Invited out to a Valentine's dinner here, I was anxious to have a go at a newer Italian restaurant in town. Why not! Seemed like a good enough idea, not to mention I wasn't paying. First inspection of Skinny Italian reveals a nice intimate setting with dim lighting and a full bar. Only half full we met our party near the end of the isle of booths. After focusing a little I noticed some of the decor was a little worn. It's hard to tell if they are going for a more old school Italian look or a modern one. There was no originality.Soon, after ordering a couple glasses of wine from the easy to follow menu, we ordered. I went with a Skinny Fettuccine Pasta & Broccolini, my date Gnocchi, (wine, butter, lemon, Parmesan and Romano, rosemary). Order came out quickly enough. The presentation of the food was extremely uninspiring. The Skinny Pasta was colorless and flat. Gnocchi look liked Campbell's soup. First fork full of Pasta revealed a taste. That's my best description. I couldn't tell if there was any garlic or chile flakes as the menu described. Disappointing. Small portion as well. My date was completely turned off by the Gnocchi. Her complaint was mainly on her expectation of a more creamy texture to the dish. She found it sour. Not good. The price was quite fair in the $10 - $15 range, but honestly I can't quite figure out what this place is trying to be. I'm not going to recommend Skinny Italian. The only saving grace in my experience was the staff which was very kind and prompt. On the other hand the food was sub-par and enough to keep me skinny by not eating it. I hope this review does not come off as snarky but as a legitimate critique and there is improvement made.
3	I had a friend visiting from out of town who is on a vegan and gluten-free diet, so it tends to be difficult to eat out without spending a boatload at the trendy vegan joints. We went to the Skinny Italian hoping for some good options, which they had (gluten free pastas and pizzas, "skinny" pastas without dairy, etc). We sat on the cute little patio, and were glad there was only one other table full out there since it would otherwise have been cramped. We tried ordering the arugula salad, but when we were informed (after like 15minutes) they were out of strawberries and had no other fruit, we opted for a few house salads instead. The mustard vinaigrette was delicious, and we asked for a side of it with our sweet potato fries. The fries were also very good. The entrees...left something to be desired. My friend ordered the gluten free pasta broccolini and added asparagus and I got whole wheat pasta pomodoro with added broccolini. When the food came out, they had not added my broccolini and the chili flakes were not added to my friend's dish. Both were just okay, and rather bland. The  pastas were mushy, which is a trait of GF pastas if not done right. I'd think they would know this when offering this kind of niche menu. The service was okay, but we never got refills on tea or water, which I despise. It took a long time to get anything and the bill was wrong when it came, still charging us for the arugula salad instead of the houses. They also wouldn't take our groupon at lunch time, only dinner. That's fair, just a little annoying. Our bill was $54, which feels like a lot for a casual lunch, but that's what you get with $3 iced tea, $8 fries and $11 entrees. It wasn't BAD but it wasn't GOOD. I'll go back again to use my groupon and see if it has gotten any better.
1	No vibe!  Slow as hell service....I blame mgmt.... It all trickles down.  The mgr. is sitting watching B-ball, our busboy is sitting with him sipping a drink and our waitress is sitting there eating something.I wonder what this place will be next year....
1	Skinny Italian is going to be bankrupt Italian within a year. While my wife and I really liked the atmosphere and the service was decent, the food was, quite frankly, horrible. Not okay, not so-so...terrible. And surprise surprise, we found out it's another mancuso restaurant which was also beyond repair. How this restaurateur stays in business is beyond me. Either people don't know what decent food is or his restaurants are like a mirage in the desert---an illusion at best. I had the pizza and the crust was neither light, flaky, or flavorful. My wife had the shrimp fra diavolo which is a seafood pasta and the seafood was okay except for the unopened mussel which should not have been served since those are no good. The marinara sauce on the pasta, touted as homemade, was disgusting. Instead of a vibrant red color it was almost brown and tasted as if it were burnt. By the way, the last time I yelped out of total disappointment and disgust was at another mancuso restaurant (Bobby's) and u see now it is no coincidence---these restaurants shun quality for a perceived upscale experience that is nothing more than overpriced garbage. Save your money. If I ate at an Olive Garden I would imagine you'd be happier there.
5	Wow!  Are you kidding me! The jalapeno pizza is super delicious and amazing!!!  Along with a skinny margarita... heavenly!  Woohoo!!  We also had lasagna and its great!  All the sauces here are phenomenal.  Highly recommend this place.  Cant go wrong for tasty Italian food! We have dinner here then sometimes head next door to the Blue Martini or some nightlife!
1	We went in for what we thought was going to be some good Italian, wrong! I had Speight and Meatballs, It was like being in High School, HORRIBLE! My date had Pork Chop Milanese, dry overcooked and not sure what the spice was but good god BAD!!! The Manager was watching TV doing nothing, going outside? Another bad Italian restaurant! I thought with a name like Mancuso behind it, well you get the picture. I hate to say it but Olive Garden was better, now that's scary!
4	I am quite surprised at the poor reviews this place got. Me and a friend accidentally discovered this place for lunch today ( we were actually on our way to Kona Grill) . We shared a salmon salad and the garden pizza. The salad was a little overdressed but the fish was cooked well. The thin crust pizza was very good. Continuing my quest for the best tiramisu in town , had to try some here too and must say i may have found a top contender. Must agree with the other reviewers though that the place was quite empty at lunch and even then service was a little slow. However, the server was friendly and warm. Sit outside in the patio if you can.
3	Spent Fathers Day at Skinny Italian. Food Was OK. Will go back again, but not right away.
2	If you want mediocre food in a very slow -- actually dead -- atmosphere where you could sit at your  table and watch the staff as they watched soccer - do I have a recommendation for you.Ok, it was not like I was the only person there.  In fairness, there were exactly two other people, one of which had come with me.  I had to do a double take as we walked to the front door  to make sure it was even open.  But I'm ok with undiscovered gems.  This one is definitely a diamond in the rough.  Just a tad bit more like cubic zirconium in the rough.The menu is.. meh.  Adequate would be an overstatement.  We tried the bruschetta which wasn't half bad.  If you are wondering where the phrase skinny Italian comes from, though, you'll know it by the portion sizes.  Three bruschetta (bruschettae?) exactly.  What I did get to sample was pretty good.On to the main course, I ordered the jalapeno pizza based on someone's review here earlier.  Can't say that I will ever be that brave again.  The dough was severely under cooked to the point of the crust to be deemed officially MIA.The waiter, single employee in the joint, was pleasant enough so no qualms there.  I just really do not know how he can make any sort of living given the amount of traffic he was getting.  Poor guy, if you go tip him generously.  Or don't, because I half suspect he is the owner and couldn't get anyone else to cover such a dead shift.If you are interested in Skinny Italian Kitchen, go there now.  I don't know how much longer it can last.
3	Went on a Monday night with the Hubby--was very slow.  Food was ok, tasted a bit old.  Hubby enjoyed his and we enjoyed the wine, thus the reason they received a 3.
4	I have been here several times and always had great service and food. The stuffed mushrooms are awesome.
1	How very disappointing!!!  I had lunch at The Skinny Italian several months ago and couldn't wait to go back.  The bolognese sauce was one of the best I've had in a restaurant (when compared to my very own).  Last night my husband and I went with two other couples.  I had called ahead for a reservation and asked for a table, not a booth, for 6, but when we arrived, the front table, evidently the only one for 6 or 8 had to be set up for six.  The server was very new and appeared afraid to take our orders.  We ordered drinks but had to change our order since they were out the beer ordered and a wine we wanted.  We were offered a taste of a Pinot Grigio which was very nice but we ordered a different wine.  The stuffed mushroom appetizer and the escargot were average at best.  The service was extremely slow even though there were very few in the restaurant.  When the food arrived, I was really disappointed in the bolognese on my angel hair pasta.  I really had been looking forward to the tasty sauce I previously had.  The sauce was bitter and did not have a great flavor.  My husband's puttanesca sauce was good but the chicken he ordered with it was evidently boiled and had an unusual color.  Two at our table did enjoy their meals, a penne with clams and the puttanesca penne without the chicken.  Unfortunately, we won't be going back.  After my lunch there, I had recommended the restaurant to many friends....now, I'll have to add a caveat to go without my hearty recommendation.
5	Great garlic pizza --- best crust I've ever had! Thin yet flaky and fresh! Yummy shrimp el diablo pasta dish! Very great service and atmosphere. Highly recommended!
5	My husband and I had a great experience here tonight. We got a groupon and decided to use it. As a celiac, I'm always looking for restaurants with good gluten free choices. This restaurant has tons of GF options. I ordered gluten free cheese pizza and my husband ordered cheese tortellini. Both dishes were very good and the service was super fast. The place was fairly busy for a Sunday night - every table wasn't full but over half were. We also ordered the sweet potato fries because I wanted to taste their version. The wine pour was generous. Will definitely be going back. I want to try their GF pastas next time.
4	This place needs to be discovered.  My friend and I met for lunch on a Monday. There was only 1 other table besides us the entire time. The food was delicious. We had the stuffed mushrooms and pasta puttenesca.  Both were fantastic.  The only reason I gave 4 stars was because they were out of Pinot Noir. On Mondays they have half off bottles of wine.  Win! Win!
4	I can't believe this place has not received better reviews. Came here after a bad movie at Desert Ridge with the family and this more then made us forget about the movie. Had the meat lasagne and it was excellent. Pizza was terrific and definitely recommend garlic bread for appetizer. I'm coming back for sure.
5	We have eaten here  4 times now & the food has been Excellent every time!  The service is pleasant, the atmosphere comfortable, and although we're not big partying types, I'd much prefer a yummy meal, a nice conversation & a ball game on tv from a cushiony booth over a big crowd competing  with loud music to hear each other's voices across the street or the rowdy group of cougars dancing on the patio at the place next door!  The prices are very reasonable, portions are large,, and oh-- I  forgot to mention - I went to Italy in July and Skinny Italian serves an eggplant dish that brings me back to a lovely little cafe in Florence!
2	Mancuso struck out with this place. We should have listened to the reviews on yelp and stayed away, but I had the Groupon to use. The food lacked flavor and was poorly seasoned. The staff was great and very informative. Love Bobby's witch is another Mancuso restaurant, but this one was a straight let down.
4	Good food, reasonably-priced drinks, happy hour all day long at the bar.
1	We will NEVER go there again. We had a groupon expiring on the day we went. We did not look at the fine print saying it is only good for dinner. Well, the waitress did not mention it it us until we were finished with our meal, even though we gave her the groupon. We asked her if she would asked the manager if he would bend the rule a little or extend it until next time.....He/she said NO. We were informed that the monetary value of the groupon was still good. All this said......sometimes a little friendliness goes a long way. We don't feel like we want to go back even though we still have the groupon value.  We would have come back for sure but under these circumstances we will not be back EVER. There are a lot of restaurants in the city and if this place does not want the business, so be it......others will.
