5	Skillets opened their first location in Charlotte (Ballantyne area) only 2 days ago.  The 3 other locations are located in Florida.  Everything on the menu is supposedly made from scratch. Thick cut smokehouse bacon. Enormous sourdough waffles. Freshly squeezed orange juice served in frosty beer mugs. Homemade bread.  Chicago style blintzes....which I have NO IDEA what these are but 1) they look interesting 2) the owner apparently is really excited to have them on the menu here!  I'm definitely intrigued now and plan to give them a try...   It's a decent sized restaurant with a small room off the side for private breakfast meetings.  When we arrived there was about a 25 minute wait but we were lucky enough to find seats at the bar so we could see all the front line in action!  I have to say for being day 2 since opening, they did really well and they seemed to be flowing pretty good (which isn't always the case for grand opening weekends)!  We ordered the Spanish Fritta (open-faced omelet with 3 whipped eggs) which is a famous omelet from Spain-grilled potatoes, tomato, onion, peppers, ham, bacon, & parmesan with a side of grits.  It was THE BEST egg dish I have EVER put in my mouth.  No lie.  And it's plenty to share!  On top of that we ordered two whole wheat pancakes with pecans.  Trying to be good with the "whole wheat" and glad we were....they were delicious!  The only complaint (which was our fault) is that we ordered too much food.  Next time we'll order the exact same thing minus one of the two whole wheat pancakes!  Do yourself a favor and treat yourself to a Skillets breakfast soon!  :)
4	The food here is hands down the best breakfast I have ever had in my entire life. I came in today and ordered eggs with bacon and 4 cheeses. I couldn't believe how good the orange juice, the eggs,  the biscuit and especially the potatoes were. The  only reason I didn't rate 5 stars is the service is horrible and I mean, just plain horrid. We never got refills or ketchup, they forgot our orange juice, it took forever to get the bill.. and when it finally did come, it was wrong!  Granted the place was busy, but if the food wasn't absolutely phenomenal I don't think I would come back. I'm sure the service is much better on the weekdays when it's not slammed, but on Sundays, be prepared. All I can say is that the food is worth the wait, but the need to either retrain the waitstaff or hire more waitresses.
3	(First review November 2010)Not sure what Skillets the other 2 reviewers have eaten at, but this place was EXTREMELY underwhelming. I get that the place had only been open a few days before, but there's no excuse for slow service when the place isn't crowded, no excuse for an undercooked omelet skillet (nothing I hate more than crunchy broccoli), no excuse for watery coffee, and no excuse for a waitstaff that doesn't have a clue.And one strawberry, two grapes, and a tiny orange slice DO NOT make for a fruit cup. I get more fruit at Chik-Fil-A, folks.Breakfast options are very unimaginative. If I wanted two eggs sunny side up with bacon and toast, I'd just make it at home and spare myself the trip. There are better places in town for a decent breakfast; Skillets ain't one of them.
5	Amazing food!Skillets food quality is superb:You will not leave Skillets on an empty stomach, that's for sure! Delicious food and my favorite is the strawberry waffle with fresh whipped cream. Not that stuff out of a can.I frequent at the Skillets in Naples and Bonita Springs, FL and this new opening in Charlotte not only met, but exceeded my expectations!
3	I love breakfast and I'm always in search of a good breakfast place, so I was excited when Skillets opened and I had a new place to try.  The husband and I were channeling our inner Clark Griswold yesterday morning and getting ready to totally deck out our house for the holidays despite the cold weather yesterday morning.  So it seemed like a good morning to eat a large "stick to your ribs" breakfast, and we decided to try Skillets.I think I've probably watched too many episodes of Kitchen Nightmares with Gordon Ramsay because I ended up channeling him rather than Clark Griswold (well I channeled Clark once I got back to my house and started decorating!).  My first thought when I walked in was "Gosh, who the heck decorated this place?"It was just. so. much. wood....really....I've seen less wood in the rain forest!  There was wood beadboard paneling everywhere, wood benches, wood tables, wood chairs....the place desparately needed some fabric or some softscape to it.  The lights were so bright and harsh, I could have done needlestitch in there.  And then the decor just didn't seem to make sense.  In the midst of all this wood, you had sparsely spaced decor of ceramic hens (which fit with the wood theme), and then ceramic fat chefs (which really doesn't fit in with a country theme), and the floor tiles were reminiscent of a Tuscan villa (which would fit with the ceramic fat chefs, but not the beadboard).  Before even eating the food, I was just a little taken aback by the ambiance (or lack of it).The food was okay, but definitely not healthy and nothing very memorable.  The menu had too many choices, yet nothing really exciting.  I went for a boring "Potato Egger" and my husband went for the "Healthy Omelette".  The Potato Egger had their potato casserole with two eggs on top and two slices of thick cut bacon on top of that.  The "Healthy Omelette" seemed decidedly unhealthy even when compared to the carbfest that the Potato Egger was.  It was a huge sized omelette (seemed like 3 or 4 eggs), maybe it was made with eggbeaters, but it was served with a huge portion of the potato casserole and bread.  I think the only think healthy about it was that it had veggies inside.  The potatoes are like a potato casserole (similar to Cracker Barrel), with cheese.  Not my personal favorite when it comes to breakfast potatoes - I'm a purist - I like to actually taste potato moreso than cheese and mush.Overall, the food was not bad, but nothing exciting either.  The service was friendly, but very slow considering it was 8 am on a Saturday morning and there were about 4 staff members for each customer at that point.  A couple of highlights:   *I drink hot tea and they serve Tazo tea standard rather than the cheap foodservice brand, and the teapot they provide is rather large, so that you don't need to ask for more hot water every 10 minutes.   *I had a cranberry scone that was pretty tasty - it was sourdough and cranberries with big flakes of crystallized sugar on the top.
1	This place has such potential but the coffee was not good, the food was below average and the service was disappointing.
2	GREAT FOOD! If you are willing to put up with the worst service I have had in a long time. We got seated after a 10 min wait which wasn't bad, but then the hostest brings us shot glasses of water and never acknowledges that our server will be with us in a few. 25 min later our server finally shows up and we order. I asked for a egg white omlette. When our food arived I got a regular omlette. I asked for a new one and when the manager asked if everything was ok. I told her I was waiting for a new omlette because it wasn't made with egg whites. She asked me how I could tell. (enough said there)When I checked out, they asked if everything was OK. I told him I wish I could say wonderful. His response was "Me too".Bottom line; Not too bright wait staff and poor customer service, but the food was wonderful. Keep your expectations low.
3	Mixed - I had the 4 meat skillet and it was good.  My wife had the eggs Benedict - not good,  bland Hollandaise, too much butter on muffin and the ham was tough. . Service was fine and coffee is good, they bring a carafe to the table which I like. Extensive menu so we will give them another shot at some point.For 2 of us on a Sunday it took about 10 minutes to get a table at 10 am, not bad and they will give you coffee while you wait. I would say 2.5 stars and worth another try.
1	I love a good breakfast, but Skillets is way too over priced and the food is not good.  The eggs were swimming in grease, the fruit cup is a served in a 2oz. container (like the kind most places serve you a side of salad dressing in), the sausage was deep fried, twice I had to guess, and the service is so bad they just bring you a pot of coffee and change you $2 for it when all I wanted was a cup.  I work in the area and asked a few of people I work with if they had been there.  Of the five who have been, one said they would go back.
3	Certainly not the best breakfast in Charlotte, but there aren't many options in this particular neighborhood.  Skillets subscribes to the "quantity over quality" mentality.  There is nothing "precious" about Skillets-- it looks like a chain and has a typical breakfast/lunch menu that you'd find anywhere else.  Their biscuits were worth the price of admission. I could list a whole bunch of complaints about this place, but in the end their food filled me up and was well cooked, if just a little "boring" tasting.  All things considered, I would go there again.Service was quick and very friendly (to the point of overwhelming).  I had my carry out order in just a few minutes.  Very nice people, they offered me coffee even though I was carrying out an order.
5	While visiting my friend in Charlotte, we had breakfast here one morning and love it so much, we went back 2 days later! The place is new, clean and cozy and the food speaks for itself. I'm a corn beef hash snob and they make theirs from scratch so I was in love but better yet, their skillet potatoes... to die for!  Their signature "skillet" dishes are layered with their julienned potatoes mix, with whatever you like on top, ie corn beef hash, bacon, cheese etc and topped with 1/2 eggs!  And all very reasonably priced.The entire staff is there to please so if you are in the area... don't miss out on this place for breakfast! Oh.. I guess I should say they also serve lunch, which we didn't get to try but if breakfast is an indication of their quality of food, lunch will most likely be just as great!
1	I am not a breakfast eater. My husband took me here for lunch. I choose the French dip sandwich. It was almost ok. Meat was a little bland, the bread was a little soggy. That potato pancake thing was awful. So bland and just yuck. If they are going to have sandwiches at least have fries or potato chips to choose from. I thought the prices were a bit high also. I won't be returning ever. I can get better than this at a waffle house- so that is saying a lot
5	Capital Y-U-M!  This place is great for breakfast/brunch.  Haven't tried their lunch yet, but they are only open during the day for these meals specifically.  My first trip we lucked out and didn't have much of a wait but if you time it incorrectly it seems to be a popular spot.  If you do have a wait, there are some inviting benches in the entrance and the turn-over seems pretty quick.I tried their corned beef hash, eggs, and hash browns.  Really was blown away with their buttery hash browns - I guess I had become complacent with having generic (sometimes burnt too much) hash browns at certain other breakfast places that stay open 24hrs and will not be named.  The servings are very generous and definitely has their own unique "skillet's" spin on it.The dining room is cozy and we actually got into a conversation with the table next to us.  Apparently the word on the street is that skillets is family owned and the owner's husband is very crafty with wood.  He created all the benches and furniture in the place which adds a nice touch and feel in ambiance points.  The room actually made me feel like I was eating a home cooked meal up in the mountains with all the wood work and the rooster paraphernalia around.I don't find myself on this end of town very much, but if I do - this is definitely the "go-to" breakfast place.
3	Just went back for my second visit - I would say this place really rates 3.5 stars but not quite a 4.    The first visit was during the week  at lunch time and today's visit was Saturday at around 10:50.  On both visits, our wait time was under 10 minutes.  (However, we once tried to go once on a Sunday and the line was out the door so we didn't even try to get in.) The place is open, sunny and cheery with a sort of country-kitchen  decor. The service has been so-so on both of my visits, but not terrible.  But no matter, the food  was good.  Today I had blueberry-banana whole wheat pancakes with scrambled eggs. The dish also comes with 2 pieces of thick-cut smokehouse bacon.  However since I don't eat pork, I asked for the chicken apple sausage in lieu of the bacon.  The pancakes had good flavor and texture. (The syrup was decent, but they really should serve pure maple without charging extra for it.)  The scrambled eggs were tasty with a nice texture and the sausage had nice flavor and textrure as well. David ordered the potato pancakes with scrambled egg whites and pork sausage.  He thought the potato-pancakes were pretty good but he prefers applesauce rather than the diced apples (just a personal preference on his part).   The coffee is decent - not the best in the world, and not the worst.  We do like the fact that they bring a carafe to your table so you don't have to wait for refills. (This is a big deal for me & David - we need our coffee!) The only thing that almost ruined today's experience for me was the fact that after our orders were put in, our server came over and told me that there would be a charge for substituting the chicken sausage for the bacon.  I said that was fine.  But he didn't explain what he really meant is that I would be charged for the plate (including the bacon) plus charged for a side order of chicken sausage (despite the fact that I did not get  bacon - If I had known that, I would have just kept the bacon on my plate - to give to David - and ordered a side of Chicken Sausage).  Now, don't get me wrong,  I have no problem paying an "upcharge" when the item I want to substitute costs MORE than the item that comes on the plate... but when the item I wanted costs LESS than the item that I asking to leave off, I think it is silly for the restaurant to charge more.  (Plus, it just leaves a bad taste in my mouth and makes me think twice about whether I want to go back or not.) In the case of the bacon here- (which I did NOT want ) - a side order costs $3.95 while a side of the chicken sausage costs $3.50.  We did complain at the checkout and said that we were willing to pay a "upcharge"  but we did not think it was fair to simply be charged for a side order of chicken sausage when we didn't also get the bacon.  So, the hostess/manager quickly took care of it  and took the extra charge off our bill. I thanked her for taking care of it, but I have to say the restaurant needs to rethink their policy because a lot of people may have just walked away angry. The prices were pretty standard  for breakfast places that we frequent  (between $26 - $28 for 2 before tip).
4	Went for breakfast on a Friday morning and got the avacado, bacon, and pepperjack frittata and it was awesome. The potatoes were also really good - I think they put like cream in them or something. And the grits were some of the best restaurant grits I've ever had - they slow cook stone ground grits and I got them with cheese. Wish this place were closer to my house as I'd probably go there more often. Okay, so maybe that wouldn't be a good thing, but this place was great!
4	Went to meet a friend for lunch today and decided to try the Spanish Omelette this time. It was very good - definitely rich and creamy.  The potatoes were not exactly what I was expecting but they were good. Instead of traditional home fries or hash browns, these potatoes were shredded and baked in creamy/cheesy casserole style. In addition to potatoes, it also included a small cup of fruit and your choice of toast.  It is a lot  of food so take your appetite with your (or do like I did and take half of it home for later!)  My friend got the cranberry pecan belgian waffle and it looked outstanding! Again, I was pleased with the quality of the food and the service was fine on this visit as well.
4	Great place for local breakfast with a good price. The name is apropo of the best thing on the menu...The Skillets. Make sure to get one and continue to come back for more.
4	Been there several times since it opened. The service and the food have been excellent. Contrary to some of the negative reviews I've read Skillets is owned and operated by people from Florida with many years in the restaurant business. They know what people want: good inexpensive food served by a professional staff. No mystery here. I daresay those individuals with a "bad" experience sound like they'd not enjoy anywhere they go, including fast-food chains. Try Skillets. It's less busy during the week.  Everyone in S Charlotte goes there on the weekend.
1	Not good at all!!!! Very, very overpriced, do yourself a favor and go to waffle house
4	Tried Skillets for the first time. The prices were very reasonable and the service was good and we didnt wait extremely long maybe about 20 but it was a Sunday morning. I tell you the wait was definitely shorter than iHop on a Sunday morn.
1	I seldom write reviews, but the service here was horrible.  When we  visited, the hostess seemed to treat us like we were a nuisance.  We were seated after a group that came in after us even though we had less people!  I witnessed the hostess treat several people rudely.  I can not comment on the food because we left.
3	Gosh I want this place to be better.  The menu and food is great.  I've loved every meal and want to keep coming back, but the problem is the service.We've been there about a dozen times and we've had problems over half the time.  They've "lost us" twice while we were waiting to be seated (even with buzzers).  Twice they've brought everyone's meals except one person in our party.  We've gotten the wrong food before.  We've struggled to get our check at times.It really depends on the server you get.  Some are outstanding while others are horrible.We've talked with several friends who all agree.  We keep coming back because we hope it will get better.  Really want this place to succeed!
3	decent breakfast place, Would be happy if they get the orders correct at least most of the time.  I have been here 6-10 times and it all depends on the server as to how your experience is. . We will keep returning as we overall like the place and the food..... the parking no matter what day of the week or weekend is terrible.
2	Front of house needs some training...food is pretty good and the value proposition is good as well, but the front of house really needs work! I had an ice tea delivered to me with a butter wrapper stuck to the inside of the glass..unfortunately didn't notice until I was halfway through...when I showed it to the lead hostess, she apologized at first and then proceeded to tell me that it could not happened because their butter was real far from their dishwasher...when I told her that there wasn't even butter on our table, she still disputed the fact that it came to me with the wrapper...so not only did she argue a fact, she also failed to even comp the tea...her final words to me we're that she hoped I enjoyed the food...needless to say, I won't go back.
4	I was pleasantly surprised by this place. We arrived not knowin it was their one year anniversary and despite the 40 person group there, food was good and service was excellent. I'd go back.
3	Had breakfast here w/ a large group from work. The service was friendly. They sat us in the private room in the back. One issue was the heat, or lack of. It was cold at first then the manager turned up the heat to "sauna style". We lived with it, but we all noticed the change. The food, pretty good. I got the 3 egg bacon, tomato & cheese omelet w/ grits and whole wheat toast. Huge omelet, but a little dry/over cooked. The grits were the best part of the meal. Not sure what they put in it to make them so creamy but those were top notch. I tried one of my co worker's skillet potatoes. Those were tasty, kind of reminded me of Cracker Barrels' cheesy hash brown casserole. Next time I'll try one of their skillet dishes. Overall, it's good place for breakfast. A little pricey, but they make up for that in portion size.
2	This place is so inconsistent... some visits have been really good and others not so good. I really do wish these guys would up their game!   Yesterday's visit rated only 2 stars because there were issues with both the service we received and with the food.  For starters, it was a bit busier than normal because of the Groupon special.  When we arrived, we were told the wait would be 15-20 mins, but it turned out to be 30+ mins.   However, we decided to wait, because by the time we got in the car to drive somewhere else, we would have burned that much time anyway.So, when we were finally seated, the waitress came by pretty quickly to serve us coffee and take our order.  She left the carafe on the table, which is nice, but sadly, she did not check on how much coffee was in it, because when we were ready for a refill, the carafe was empty. That wouldn't be so bad, except for the fact that our server disappeared and did not come back to check on us.   In fact, our food was brought to the table by someone else and then she finally reappeared.  It took her a while to fill the carafe and return it to the table.  Now, for the food... it was a disappointment all the way around.  David ordered an omelette, which was cold and pretty flavorless. Plus, he said it was a litte runny from being undercooked. I ordered one of the specials - gingerbread pancakes w/side of scrambled eggs and chicken sausage. The eggs were cold. The gingerbread pancakes were cold and did not taste at all like gingerbread.  They simply tasted like whole wheat pancakes.  In fact, I asked our server if they had brought the correct plate because not only did the pancakes not taste like gingerbread, they were missing the side of cranberry compote.  Which she said they had run out of (it would have been nice to know that upfront).I'll give them one more chance, but if its not a good experience, I may just stick to Le Peep instead.
4	Good place for breakfast. Fast service. They have the best bacon and I am not even the biggest bacon fan. My only complaint is the chairs are sorta of uncomfortable and the tables are VERY close together.
4	I wanted to try a new breakfast place in Charlotte and Skillets was very yummy!! It reminded me of a toss between cracker barrel and IHOP. The deco was very country and yellow ( a little bright than I attended), kind of like cracker barrel. The food was delicious, upscale of an IHOP. If you like potatoes you have to make sure you get a side of their skillet potatoes with your meal because they are AWESOME!! Coffee was brewed strong, service was on que. I hate how they give you a small cup of water, but at least refills of water were free and you gotta love crushed ice!!! Overall I will go back and try it again. My first time was great!!!
5	My friend and I stumbled upon this place during a road trip and we really enjoyed it.  I got an order of chocolate chip pancakes with bacon and potatoes while my friend ordered a BLT sandwich.  While we had to wait a little while (like 15 minutes), it was well worth it.  I thought our server was polite and patient, especially with how busy they were.  The menu is extensive and I did not think that the prices were too high at all.  I live in Chicago and prefer the family/locally owned breakfast places and I have to say that this was a great alternative to the mega-chains like IHOP and Cracker Barrel.  If I am ever back in the Charlotte area, I will definitely head to this place again.
4	Cant do breakfast wrong! Went Saturday and they were busy, but they got us seated fairly quickly. My wife enjoyed the spinish and mushroom Omelet. I had the bacon and cheese scamble. The bacon was thick and meaty. The kids of course had chocolate pancakes. No real negatives.
2	We tried Skillets on a Sunday morning, about 8:30 AM.  This was our second time here.  The decor is very nice, and the location is great for us.  I would love for this to be a go-to local breakfast place for us.  But I am just not sure.The menu is extensive, and everything sounds very good.  But on this trip we had trouble with the food and the service.  First with the service.  The host was great and sat us quickly at a good table for the 5 of us.  Server arrived promptly.  She did however, mess up our order.  Two of our meals arrived wrong.  More on that later.  When we asked for ketchup, she forgot to bring it until we asked again.  Never offered to bring us anything.  Coffee, she poured the first cup then left the carafe.  But never checked the carafe, which was empty quickly.The food.  One meal came wrong, we asked for fruit and not toast.  The meal came with toast.  My meal was a Philly Cheese Steak skillet.  The meat was sirloin, not ribeye and kind of flavourless.  Just a few peppers and onions in it.  Not enough in my opinion.  And it was served over grits!  I had asked for grits on the side and for the skillet to have the potatoes.  When I mentioned it they brought a side of the "skillets potatoes"  These are more like a potato/cheese casserole and they wouldn't work well in the skillet anyway.  I ordered my eggs over medium and they came over easy - if that.  Great location, friendly staff, but perhaps a little absent minded.  The food quality could be better.  I will give them another chance......
1	We order lunch every day for the office, and someone always goes out and picks it up.Ordered Skillets today, and they added an 18% gratuity to a large take-out order. Refused to take the tip off when confronted about it.We will never be going back.
1	We visited Skillets once this past summer. It was EXTREMELY disappointing. The food was not impressive at all. I ordered an omelette and it was runny and cold. We live close enough to walk to the restaurant and we were excited to finally to get to eat there. -- Skillets... Please improve the quality of the food. We would love to see you stay 'in the neighborhood'.
3	Warm atmospher and very friendly staff.  Sort of feels like a Cracker Barrel, ok atmosphere.  The server was nice but not super informative for being my first time.  I took her a few minutes to approach my table and get us started.   The coffee was great and the healthy omlette I ordered was awesome.   I hate when it takes forever to pay my bill.   Overall a good experience, I  would go back if I am in the area again.
3	Went for brunch @ 11:00am, and a very little wait before being seated. Quite a wait before the food was served, but it was good. Something different today... had the Cranberry Pecan pancakes w/ Orange Syrup. Pretty good. Service was good, but a little slow. Wasn't super busy, and there seemed to be an adequate number of staff. We'll definitely be back.
1	We were seated and our order was taken shortly thereafter. After an hour of being seated and receiving no updates from our waitress, we finally flagged her down to find out where our food was. She said she would tell the manager and it would be out right away. After 15 more minutes of waiting and receiving no updates or food, we left. In the 1 hour and 15 minutes we were sitting at our table, there were three tables right next to us who arrived after us, ordered and ate their food, and paid and left. We know it is on a Sunday, but we just apparently got the short straw since those around us were served in a timely manner. Unprofessional service from the waitress and unprofessional response from the manager if he/she was indeed told by the waitress about the escalation and we were ignored for 15 minutes after that.
4	Woke up wanting pancakes and corn beef hash. So the wife and I searched for the nearest breakfast spots in Ballantyne and we found Skillets. We pass this place a million times without stopping by or looking twice for that matter. However we decided to give it a try today and boom. I was taken back by the rustic country style decor and wood furniture. I felt very comfortable, then the food. I always look at what the person next to me is eating and boy did it look good. Spinach quiche with greens and feta, yum. Another person had eggs Benedict w/ hollandase and a homestyle biscuit like you've never seen, POW! I myself had the pancakes, scrambled eggs w/ chicken sausage and the hash. I must say $6 bucks for such a small portion of cornbeef hash is debatable. Though, this stuff is not your average cornbeef hash. This is what a cow would honorably line up for the slaughter to become. Yah, it's that good. Plus, the waitresses had the awesome southern accent's with the manners to match.Now y'all come back now yahoo hear!
3	Amended review 6/25/12:I gave Skillets a second chance, based upon my wife's recommendation. She'd gone for breakfast there w/a colleague, and told me she was pleasantly surprised. I acknowledge I tried Skillets when it first opened, so maybe I should give them the benefit of the doubt, considering they were likely still trying to iron out the kinks.The second time around was much better, but not spectacular. I noticed they'd redone the menu; gone was the emphasis on "skillet"-style breakfast, and more of an emphasis on traditional breakfast fare. I opted for the pancakes with strawberries and bananas, with a pair of thick-cut bacon strips and turkey sausage links. Overall, a decent breakfast, nothing overdone or elaborate, but still pretty predictable. I may try Skillets a 3rd time.
4	My wife's new favorite breakfast place.  Great food, ver friendly staff.  I'll be back often
4	Like so many here I have mixed feelings about Skillets. The food so far has always been good. Overall portion sizes, if not always generous, are fair for what you get. Since everything is made fresh you really can't complain.The dinning room is decorated with a lot of wood. Tables, chairs, bench seats and paneling. While this does give a homey feel, it feels like a bit much some days. The biggest problem is the service. Even during slower times of the day it can take a little too long until orders are taken. They seem to be working on this issue, as the last two times I went for lunch service was fairly quick.Since a lot of the food is made fresh it does take a bit longer, and that is OK.Based on recent experiences I give 3.75 stars. If the service keeps improving then this will be a solid 4 star dinning option.
3	Skillet is a new breakfast restaurant we decides to try today. The food was great and the wait was about 5 minutes on a Saturday morning. That is gooood!It is kid friendly and you get your moniesss worth!!!
4	I'm often not wrong.Hey, why you laughing? I'm not laughing. This isn't funny.Alright, alright, alright. Enough already! Damn! Sue me, okay? I'll admit, Skillets has grown on me. The joint's become one of my go-to breakfast spots, which has come as a massive surprise for me.I gotta give it up for their pancakes. Big, thick, generously slathered with whatever toppings you choose - I always opt for the blueberries. Pancakes always go well with bacon, and their thick-cut bacon is yummy. Recently I had their french toasts. Equally as delicious, and I'm not a big fan of the french toast. But, what the hey...Their service is still a touch slow, owing to their popularity. I suppose the secret's out about Skillets; it was even busy on Labor Day!To summarize. I was wrong. It won't happen again. Now I'm craving their pancakes.Bastards.
2	Not the best breakfast in town by a mile. The service was incredibly slow. When we got our breakfast, both my daughter in my pancakes for ice cold. I will never come back here again.
4	Need to feel like your belly is giving you a hug from the inside?  Go to Skillets.  My comfort food spot for breakfast/lunch.  I only wish they didn't close at 2:30.
4	A great casual place to go for breakfast. The cheese grits are my favorite in town and the bacon is thick and delicious. Good coffee and the scones are made every morning. The ambiance leaves for something to be desired, but is appropriate for the type of food served.
3	Some banana chocolate chip pancakes sound great right now...and Skillets has them! What could be better? Well, a lot could be better.I went with my mom for a brunch/lunch one afternoon. We were seated, and the waitress with little to no personality took our orders. The place is so slow, we must have waited 25 minutes in an empty restaurant for our food. My mom's skillet came out not how she liked it, and she sent it back. My pancakes were very good, a little crispy on the outside and a good amount of banana and chocolate chip. Delicious. 2 huge pancakes were enough for me. My mom said her's was allright.The decor is okay for a breakfast place, it seems to be Southern but there's something lacking. Maybe it was the lack of customers killing the vibe, I can't quite put my finger on it.Skillets is alright. Is it worth a shot? Probably, see for yourself!
4	I have to admit that I was hesitant about trying this place because from the outside it seems as if it would draw the type of blue haired crowd that enjoys fast food chains and a typical menu. I was very surprised when a friend and I came here on a Sunday around 10:30am. We were able to get a table immediately, although there seemed to be a pretty good crowd around 11:15am. The menu was large and they had several healthy choices. I ended up getting the eggs and bacon meal which came with a choice of toast (with a variety of bread options), a biscuit or scone. It also came with a very small bowl of fruit and these delightful hash browns that had some sort of cream cheese substance in them. The meal was very good and I can't wait to have it again. The service was perfect and the meal came out very, very quickly. Even the waitress commented on how quickly we received our food. The ambiance feels somewhat like a Cracker Barrel with the wood paneling. Overall, great meal, great service. I will be back.
3	I have eaten here a few times. I consider myself a foodie and looove breakfast places. We go out for breakfast/brunch EVERY WEEKEND. I would eat there a lot more if the prices were a bit lower and the service was better. I am ok with paying for food but this place is still 10-15% overpriced for what you get.  It is for that reason we choose other local places like Big View Diner first. If you are not in a rush to eat and you don't mind paying extra for an omelet or pancakes then this place is good. As I said, we like eating here but don't do it because the overall value isn't there like other places in the area.
5	Always had the best skillets in town. Will miss you skillets!
