1	Although the staff is awesome, the ceilings are too thin!! We've only lived here about 4 months and am so irritated! We live in a downstairs unit and literally hear when they use the bathroom, open a drawer, open and shut a door, pull a chair out in the kitchen, walk down the hallway! The worse is the baby bouncer! You can hear EVERY baby bouncer bounce!! We have kids and understand that you cannot control everything your children however there is common courtesy! The noise is ridiculous!! The creaking of the floor is actually the worse! Sounds like elephants! The worst part is, we work a lot. When it's time to come home relax and watch some tv, the upstairs noise is louder therefore forcing you to make the tv louder! It's almost impossible to rest at home from the casino/airport noise when all you want to do is chill. Getting woken up by drawers open are what brings me to the absolute end! I think I'd rather pay for the house we were in instead dealing with this!!!! Guest saying.....I know I chose downstairs but I also lived in an upstairs unit and was COURTEOUS and would CONTROL my kids and have respect for our downstairs neighbors.  I have new neighbors and they are good so far.  Standard ceiling stuff but....nothing like the past neighbors THANK GOD!
4	Though there are more reviews on other websites such as apartmentguide and such, I thought it would be fair to represent the good things about Positano apartments. The staff is actually not as bad as people complain about. My leasing agent, Jeremy, has been very welcoming and extremely chill from the start. Whenever I have a problem, I report it to him and he notifies the maintenance workers to attend to my issues and they come at their convenience. I live in a 2br/2bathroom and they are quite spacious. Closets are huge and there's a random desk in the middle of my complex for whatever reason it can be utilized for. The only problem is the thinness of the walls. These apartments are not as built as well as they look. I tend to be able to hear tenants or my roommates even behind closed doors. My roommate got two warnings for loud music in the first two months of living here. Luckily, I live on the second story because I'm sure living on the bottom would be hell especially if active kids run around above you. For potential future tenants, I have some advice:1. Live as FAR away from the swimming pool as possible. Kids tend to swim around like crazy and living within 40-50 ft of the pool puts your poor ears within reach of that. This truly disturbs your sleep.2. Live on the westside of the apartments. In other words, if you're directly facing the apartments, the way back. There's copious amount of parking in the back so you won't have to worry  like those who live towards the front.Overall, I enjoy living here. I may not come back primarily because I'm either going to live alone or just so I can experience different parts of town. Another GREAT thing about living here is that literally everything from walmart to a hardware store, is within  a mile radius from here.
5	I love my apartments we had everything close to it.
5	I have been living here for almost a year and really like it.  I agree with the other poster.  Don't live right near the pool could be noisy.  The maintenance people are great.  If someone is wrong I get it fixed right away.  Not sure about the carpet cleaning someone mentioned. I think I paid the $300 up front so I won't be surprised.  But if you don't understand something always good to ask.  Overall I am very happy here.  Gym, pool and outside areas are well maintained.
5	My family and I have lived here for 4 months so far. I have nothing but good things to say. We moved from another complex and WOW what a difference!!! The people are nice, the other tenants are friendly and clean. The staff is fantastic and apartments and clean and very well maintained!Our past apartment we had issues with pests, noise issues and the quality of people was less then good. (even in the "good" part of town.) Of course living on the bottom floor you hear people above from time to time, but nothing like I have encountered other places. So far we have not encountered any pests, no issues with neighbors, and no where near the issues with noise.The staff without a doubt goes above and beyond to make sure you are well taken care of and it is obvious that they take pride not only in their job but also the community. I 100% recommend living here to anyone looking for a safe, comfortable and well maintained apartment.
1	They are not honest we rented an apt and then told there were break ins which it was a notice on the door.  We decided not to move in as the police dept and the manager told us they knew about it for weeks but did not tell us.  We are senior citizens and this is very decitful practices.    I would not consider Positano or any Ovation properties.
2	Parking is a nightmare for visitors or if you are living with more than one person and do not have an assigned spot. Apartments are ok, but not worth what they are priced. Overall my experience with neighbors has been unfriendly and rude. Highly do not recommend moving here.
5	This rating is more for customer service ...I did not end up getting an apartment here (I went to their sister property instead - the apartments are equally awesome but the sister property has a better view).  But the experience was great.  Nicole took care of me when I went there first and helped me decide about holding the apartment while I make a decision.  She explained everything to me about holding the apartment and the time frame of the hold before I lose my hold money (24 hours).  When I returned the next day to cancel since I decided on their sister property instead, Maria and Quincy are very gracious.  They did not knock the other property down and expressed gratitude that at least I went for another Ovation property (unlike some other property management companies in the area).  Just because of the outstanding customer service, I will recommend this property to other renters.
4	This review is long & over due. I will be doing a very lengthy review to help you with your apartment search.  OVERALL: I would absolutely recommend this apartment to a friend. In fact, I have and even though the process was a little bumpy at first Nicole, really helped work out things to make my friend and her husband very happy. NOISE: The walls here are paper thin. My husband and I really struggled with the noise the first year we lived here. We did have some problems with rowdy upstairs neighbors but they were ultimately evicted and the couple that lives above us now is great. This noise issue is not an issue with just this particular apartment complex. This is an issue with every apartment complex and it is to be expected when living in an apartments. My husband and I made the greatest investment of our lives in a sound machine from Amazon and it completely changed our sleep. I would 100% recommend purchasing one if you are moving into any apartment style living. http://www.amazon.com/Marpac-Dohm-DS-Speed-Sound-Conditioner/dp/B000KUHFGM/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8&qid=1401746274&sr=8-1&keywords=marpac+sound+machineGROUNDS: Always nicely maintained however residents here are awful about picking up after their dogs. This is an issue with residents and management has tried their best to provide solutions. But some people are just flat out lazy. Really nice grass areas with doggie pick up bags and trash cans all over the complex. The gym is great, small but great. They have kettlebells and TRX! The pool deck is great with the plushy chairs. SAFETY: ***I have never felt like my safety was being threatened*** With that being said I have head of break-ins from community reviews, and they just came through and replace a part of the locking mechanism on my door. My apartment is in a very high trafficked area but I would probably suggest purchasing an alarm system to deter potential wrong doers if your apartment is in a less trafficked area. NEIGHBORHOOD: Probably they main reason why I choose this apartment is its LOCATION. Right off of eastern and backs to no major roads (ie.no road noise).  Henderson is literally right across the street and I had looked at apartments within henderson and they all shot up in price. This was bigger and cheaper then a lot of the other complexes I looked at. GRANTED, the cabinets and kitchen spaces are terribly outdated. Why they cannot throw on a layer of paint on the ugly bathroom cabinets is beyond me. The kitchen cabinets are small and if you can get an apartment with a built in microwave you will be better off with space. MAINTENANCE: WOW! they always come same day, do the repair fast, and you can schedule an appointment with them! One of the reasons why I felt 100% confident in recommending Positano is their ability to take care of the apartment in a timely manner. STAFF: Nicole is fantastic. I have been here through 2 management changes and I can honestly say that Nicole, is a community builder. They are consistently doing resident appreciation days and community parties.  This is another reason why I am 100% confident recommending Positano. You want a safe home, that will be up kept in a timely manner, with someone who is happy and available to help you. Positano is great and you would be silly not to check this place out.
1	In the beginning this awesome, nice exterior, friendly staff and apartment beautifully sold our eyes, the moment we moved in it was a nightmare, Nicole the manager went from being so polite and pleasant to rude and very short and unprofessional. She was very selective with people she like, usually when i have a. Conversation with her she would cut me off rudely and when request for maintenance or any defaults she would be unprofessional and short. PARKING it was a nightmare none of my guest would like to visit due to the fact no parking after 7pm. INTERIOR the kitchen was a nightmare the cabinets were to small to fit things in and their excuse was oh there is a Lowes to provide you with extra space. WHAT?? The walls are paper thin, The 1 star is for quick maintenance and attentive to that, If i could put zero star i would, be careful with Nicole the manager she seems sweet but very devious to where trusting staff is an issue Goodluck!!!
