4	I just signed a lease here and was blown away by the service and attention given.  The process was so smooth and agent i was speaking with went above and beyond with trying to help me find EXACTLY what i was looking for within reason.  I haven't moved in yet and will be sure to write an update once that happens but as it stands, this place is great.  The gym is super clean and has everything you need with an actual view of the street, not just a dark room and the apartments themselves are so spacious!  i actually looked at the apartment i would be moving into and they do a wonderful job at making sure everything is perfect for the next client.  Plus, i've never seen a kitchen that size in a one bedroom before, it's wonderful.  Hope i enjoy it as much as i'm anticipating when i move in.  Will keep you posted!!
4	So been living here a month and so far so good.  It's so nice to be able to live in a place in AZ where you can actually walk around as well.  The only thing is for being pet friendly there aren't that many nice places to let your dog hang out.  They do have some courtyards that are fenced in and all the tenants seem cool about letting the dogs off the leashes while they are in there, but they aren't the nicest places. Other than that the maintenance teal is awesome and prompt.  It's so refreshing!!  It's only been a month so i'll be sure to heck back in if anything changes but so far-Thumbs up!
3	I looked at the Palladium during my apartment search prior to moving to Scottsdale. All around these apartments are very nice, but I couldn't help but feel a little out of place. Like San Marin, you're paying for location. The apartments are on top of each other--literally.  You know something's not quite right when the parking garage is as large as the complex itself. Did I mention they're over-priced?Oh yes, they're very nice and quite spacious, but they're occupied by people who still party like they're 21.  The pool is much too small for the volume of people inhabiting the space, and it's situated in a way that amplifies the sounds of beer pong and keg stands.  Apartment with a pool view?  Sucks to be you when trying to sleep (or just relax). People in their late 20s/early 30s strut around like they're back in college, getting their drink on and sizing each other up.  I'll gladly pass. The workout facility is nice, but everyone at the pool can see straight in. Nothing like a bunch of drunkies scoping you out as you sweat your ass off. Hot. It was nice, but I had definitely grown up and wanted an apartment to match my mindset.
2	I have lived here for over two years and i must say that my time  spent here was pretty enjoyable, however the Palladium was sold a few months ago and i would have to say that the new staff is not very helpful and pretty stuck up. I have found it very hard to get a straight answer out of them on just about anything, and though I love the location, i would have to say it is time to move on. The Palladium has gone down hill, and the prices have gone up!
2	A monstrosity of a complex. I have a few friends living here and the place is just too big. The location however is perfect - it's as in old town as you can get. Parking is a headache with a five floor gated parking garage. Getting friends in or pizza delivered can be a challenge. They recently renovated the pool area.
3	I have lived here for almost two years and I have really enjoyed it! Bottom line this is a weekend party apartment....if you don't like that then don't move in here. One of the great things is that this complex is college grads and older, I have never met someone living here who was in college.  The property is very well maintained, however, I love that they have pest control come once a week and spray the entire complex! Only thing I have not loved about living here is the property management company changes constantly. Sometimes the office people are a pain in the butt. If your maintenance request is taking too long, go down to the office and nag them, then it will get done!  Other than that, if you like to go out and want to be walking distance to nearly every bar and restaurant in old town this place is great! If you chose to live here be prepared to have higher rent than you used to have in tempe or some other place, remember you are paying for location!
1	Did not enjoy living here.  A very badly designed residential complex.
1	Good location, but management nickle and dimes you on everything. Charges you for  parking even if they don't put signs up for your spot.  Had a 20% increase in rent from 2011-2012.  Loud garage if you live next to it.  Faulty entrance gates to the complex and they won't replace the old locks.  I also hope you like being woke up at 8am sharp on the weekdays, because that is when the landscaping company starts cutting grass and blowing leaves about 3 days a week.  That being said...have fun living at the Palladium!
5	I lived at Palladium for a little over a year and it was a great experience. The location can't be beat and the apartments are spacious. The staff was very attentive and my maintenance requests were always taken care of within a timely manner. It is a beautiful complex for those who like to work hard and party on the weekends. It is extremely quiet during the week and on the weekends you have the occasional party noise which is to be expected when you live in Old Town. If you like to go out it is totally worth it, you can walk to the bars or take a cheap cab ride or golf cart which totally makes the cost difference between Palladium and living outside of old town worth it! As for the complaints of garbage smell from the dumpster I've seen I would say, it's trash people it smells and it has to go somewhere. If the smell is going to bug you just make sure you rent away from the dumpster. I personally lived pretty close to it and the only time it bothered me was when I was walking past it but I never smelled it on my patio or in my place. Long story short I would totally recommend it as a place to live, I only moved away because I no longer go out as much as I once did.
1	Top 10 reasons why not to live here10. Smell- people never pick up after their dogs9. Smell- valet trash service makes the entire place smell horrible8. Noise- partying and fire trucks7. Parking- parking structure is horrible and people are constantly parked in your spot6. Pool- small pool that doesn't get good sun5. Gates- the keys they give you to get into the gate do not work on all entrances4. Office- not nice people who work there3. Fire alarms- they go off all the time and it lasts for a while2. Dirty parking structure, hallways, and cheap appliances1. Costs way to much to live at this location. Get a cheap cab if you want to go out and save hundreds of dollars not living thereThis was the worst place I've lived I wouldn't recommend it to anyone.
1	I'm not kidding you this place sucks so bad I wish I had 1.5 years of my life back. If you're looking at this place, I'll save you some trouble and let you know to just go live at the San Marin or San tropez, or hell, even a street corner. The palladium REEKS of garbage 24/7. And  I'm not exaggerating, it's a known thing in Scottsdale that the place smells like rotting dead animals all the time. And it's so surprising too because they have a valet trash service that costs you an extra 35 dollars a month that you can't get out of! Like I think they must be just picking up the trash from your front door and stock piling it in their office. Also,  not one front office person still works there from when I started. This isn't a bad thing, cause sometimes they're nice, but clearly alliance has some issues with property management that need to be sorted out. The turnover rate here is higher than a telemarketing call center. Ok. What else. The apartments themselves are ok, but for the price you'd think you'd be living in a penthouse in NYC. They say you "pay for location" but last time I checked more people want to move out of Scottsdale than into it. I move out in 3 days (THANK god) and I'm sure I'll be hit with numerous charges here and there because I've also heard horror stories from all my friends who (unfortunately) lived here too. OH and one last thing. No one wants to go to your stupid pool parties, Palladium! Stop using our rent money to throw "events" that include 5 front office members sitting around a table of diet coke and chips at our already deserted pool. Pros: dog friendly, the matinence guys are nice, parking is easy if you have 1 car (if you have more than 1 you'll be looking at like an extra 200 a month), and it's close to old town so you can drink away the pain from the fact you live at the palladium Cons: everything else
1	This is one of those times where everything went well except for one major piece. So everything looks great with his place. The staff seem friendly the apartments are nice, and the amenities seem adequate. The biggest issue with this whole ordeal is they don't provide any space for your truck or pod to position so that you can move in. The question was asked before the paperwork was signed where we could put our pod. They told me that the pod could go where the guest parking is. They said it was not an issue and that they would provide the space. Here I am on the night before MyPod arrives watching for cars to move so that I can reserve the space necessary for the pod. They told me upon signing the papers that they would mark of the spaces for me. Amazing how A good experience can turn straight into a bad experience.
1	Do not for any reason to stay at this apartment complex. I initially had problems with moving in which they would not  accommodate my pod. This was a major issue they didn't allow me to move in conveniently.  Now I'm fighting the battle with ensuring that my cable works in my apartment complex at which point they have been notified and they have yet to fix the cable in my walls after a week of notification I cannot use Internet I cannot use TV I do not have access.  This is completely unacceptable.  On top of all of this I cannot get them to call me back ever.
4	There are good and bad things about the Palladium, just like any other apartment complex, but I just re-signed my lease there and I'll tell you why the pros outweighed the cons for me. When I first moved in, the management was so-so, and there were all sorts of hidden fees. The Palladium recently got a new manager (Adam), and he is really good- everything is out on the table and you don't get any suprise fees or anything like that.  The gym and the pool area are very clean, and management does a good job responding to requests and accepting/holding onto packages for you.I agree with the comments below about trash valet though- you have to pay (no option to opt out) $35/month for this service that allegedly picks your trash up when you leave it in front of your door, but my experience has been that half the time "trash valet" doesn't even pick it up. It's definitely a BS charge.Also, there is this dance studio/yoga room area that I totally loved when I toured the apartment and thought hey! I could totally go in there and work out/do yoga. But unlike the Palladium gym, the hours of this room are extremely limited. I can't go there before or after work... in my year of living there I have only actually been able to use this room once, and the idea of the yoga room was a huge draw for me when I was considering renting at the Palladium.I decided to re-sign my lease here because even though there are some things that are annoying, I love the location and I want to be able to walk everywhere. My neighbors are nice and quiet, and the Palladium has some of the most reasonable pet fees in the area. I think that the Palladium is a little overpriced, but so are most of the other apartments in old town scottsdale. If you don't want to pay a little extra for location, don't live in old town. Simple as that. Also, FYI each apartment only gets 1 parking spot, even if it is more than a 1 bedroom. There is additional covered guest parking that you can use if you have more than 1 person living in your apartment, but it is very limited, and you will be lucky to get a spot in the covered guest parking on a wednesday let alone a saturday. There is more guest parking on the roof of the garage, but its not covered so it sucks in the summer. Also, I've seen ALL the guest parking fill up before. My boyfriend and I share a reserved parking spot, and there have been days where one of us has had to park across the street at the walgreens because all the guest parking was taken. I give the Palladium 4 starts because of the change in management (super positive) and the location.
2	Lived here for 13 months. Moved here from across the country on a time crunch. Was great that a place was available but things weren't explained well via email / phone such as added costs (valet trash, tax for apts in az, etc). Wouldn't recommend to most.The reason I gave 2 stars at all is bc the location and the actual apartment itself. Great location if you like going out to eat, spring training and bars. My apartment was a great size and good layout.The awful part for me was with the staff and the location as a negative. You get 1 assigned parking spot, I have had my car towed when I parked next to it bc someone was in mine. No curiosity or anything. I also almost had my car towed FOR PARKING in MY spot. They staff never wrote my spot down and turns out they gave me the wrong one for 6 months. The staff also is not knowledgable on what happens with cars and being towed etc. I had to call the police after calling the tow company who they use (twice) and asked the staff twice, to find my car. The location is bad because the pool turns into club palladium and impromptu djs show up blaring Sunday afternoons. Very noisy if you yourself aren't going out drinking.There are better places, it's expensive for such poor quality of staff.
3	Even though I'm giving this place three stars, if you want to live in Old Town, you want to live here. This is where the action is. The Palladium is where all of the young, semi affluent people who love to socialize live. You can not beat the location, and the apartments are kept up pretty well considering the amount of partying that we did throughout the complex. Everyone in the building seems to be between 22-35 and attractive. It was more on the noisy side at night, but you don't move here for peace and quiet. I had an assigned parking spot and essentially unlimited parking on the roof, no issues. The only big issue that I really encountered was the management and staff, who seem to change almost every season. They weren't particularly friendly or helpful. That being said, I'd move back here in a heartbeat if I were still looking to party every weekend.
