5	Awesome! Super great pics! Tech was really nice! My husband is stationed in Iraq loved being able to see our baby boy online!!! Fun to share with Grandma too :-)
5	This place is not only inspiration for custom baby photo books, but the ultra sound room is soothing and lovely! Spacious room with large flat screen for viewing. Terry the owner does an amazing job at the sneak peeks. Pictures are instant as well as online uploads, makes for simple sharing with family and friends.
2	I came to Sneak Peek on impulse; My husband and I just moved to the area from California and just wanted to see our little girl. We had a 3D/4D ultrasound done in CA at 17 weeks and felt we were due for another look at her. The lady was nice when we walked in and she took us in a little early. Now my baby wasn't all that cooperative, we spent quite a bit of time turning from one side to another to help her move enough to get a good face shot. That didn't happen. And I started to feel bad after the lady doing the ultrasound kept telling us how stubborn the baby was. I didn't like the quality of the pictues at all. I feel like I wasted $75 and my money would have went to better use to a crackhead. I was so dissatisfied with just the pictures that I spent some time crying about how much I hated them. I haven't even bothered looking at the DVD thing we got because I'm pretty sure its going to make me more mad. I should have just spent more money to get quality pictures at least. If I remember correctly there was only one song playing the whole time which is the song for the DVD..I'm not happy with that either. I'm just not happy with this whole thing and I haven't eaten because I'm so pissed off about it.
5	My husband and I came here yesterday and had a wonderful experience. 15 weeks pregnant and we were able to determine we're having a little boy. Also got lots of time being able to look at our handsome boy on there big screen. We only did the 2d but highly recommend this experience. $ worth spent. Great office and the lady was very kind. Had a great time! Highly recommend.
5	We went 2 weeks ago and was such a great experience. When we walked in we were greeted very nicely. The lady doing the ultrasound was extremely nice and very friendly. Took extra time. Would definitely recommend it!
5	Just an update. My husband and I bought the groupon for doing the 3d ultrasound. We went and the usual ultrasound tech wasn't there she was on vacation. So I'm guessing the owner did our ultrasound. She was very nice and I enjoyed our time. But we didn't get great shots of our little man but I didn't complain I was just happy to see him. The lady offered for us to come back to see if we could get a better facial shot. So that was great and super nice of her. We went back on Tuesday and the ultrasound tech we had the first time we went (gender reveal) was there and she did our ultrasound. She did absolutely great!! We got to see his face more. And really got to see some great shots of our little guy. She's a really nice lady and really makes the experience so enjoyable. Beyond thankful we got to come back for a second chance. Well worth the $70. Love this place and if we ever have a second baby I will def come back. Highly recommend going and checking them out.
5	I came in for gender reveal last Tuesday. Tech was extremely friendly, got really good pictures & was able to tell us the gender very quickly (I was 14weeks but only measured 13w3d when I went in). Room is big & comfortable, family members got to sit on a couch while my boyfriend sat in a chair behind them right next to me. Family & kid friendly.. They have toys in the corner to keep your little ones occupied. Definitely had an awesome experience & recommend!
5	There are not enough words I can say about sneak peek ultrasound they are by far the best in town this is my first child and I had went to 4D baby ultrasound in Henderson NV for my 7 week and they are overpriced rude and all they want is your money the lady had told me to take a picture of my baby on the screen instead of giving me The real pictures and when she finally gave me the pictures that I had paid for they had got the year and date wrong 2002 really? my whole family was like who's ultrasound pictures are these how embarrassing  when I called back the next day the receptionist was so rude and didn't care I told her about the technician and how she told me to take pictures myself although it was in the package. She said she would call me back as soon as she talked to the tech never got a call back. Now my experience with sneak peek ultrasound what a beautiful experience I truly loved it!!  when I went to sneak peek ultrasound yesterday for my 16 week gender scan  I must say I had the best experience the customer service was great Terry was a true sweetheart she made my husband and I feel so comfortable and welcome she went above and beyond for us my baby was upside down and it was hard to get a clear picture of him but she knew what to do she took great pictures of my little one thank you so much Terry for the beautiful experience!! thank you sneak peek  I will refer you to everybody I know.
5	I found a great deal from Groupon and decided to take advantage of this AWESOME offer. The tech was super friendly and knowledgeable.  She made us feel super comfortable and I didn't feel rushed to complete our session. Would definitely recommend this place!
3	So I was JUST 7 weeks pregnant when I made an appointment to get a heart beat check.  I had a miscarriage a year and a half ago, and so I couldn't wait two weeks till my first OB app.  When I went in we were greeted nicely and the room was clean.  Well when the ultra sound started it only took a couple minutes for her to gather that there "was nothing there" I was embarrassed and heart broken and couldn't stop crying.  I made my boyfriend rush me to the ER so I wouldn't have to worry about what was going to happen. (My depression would get way too bad if I didn't know)But lo and behold, the baby was there and alive, I just have a tilted cervix and uterus. So it was hard to find on the stomach ultrasound. The lady was nice and didn't charge me for those three minutes, but please don't tell someone theres nothing there, it's heartbreaking! I'm 14 weeks now, and went to a closer elective ultrasound place and found out I'm having a girl! (:
5	I am biased but I think my baby's ultrasound pictures are the best I've ever seen. lol....I really loved this place and my experience was wonderful. I highly recommend them to any expectant mamas wanting a baby fix. Also, whenever I purchase a Groupon, I usually feel this weird vibe whenever I try and redeem it at the business, but I didn't feel that here at all.Thanks Sneak Peak!
1	Super bummed...the technician that was there before and did such a great job, is no longer working there. My session was sub-par at best and my pics are still not online as they were before. I wanted to share with my family in Virginia for New Years. Oh well. If we have another baby, I'll definitely go somewhere else.
