5	Dr. Nowicki has been my family's vet for as long as I remember. He is great with our cats (and so is his entire staff). When something is wrong, he explains all your options to you. And when it comes to putting an animal down, it's always done with so much understanding and sympathy.I can't imagine taking my animals to another vet.
5	Dr. Nowicki is a no frills vet.  Like most vets he will advise you that appropriate test need to be done to check for possible issues, and if your animal is leading a poor quality of life he will be the first to let you know.  However, he doesn't recommend a tune up when all you need  is an oil change if you get my drift. My cats and my dogs love him and warm right up to him. He has a very soft spoken personality that animals just seem to adore. His office staff is great and as long as he is open my pets will be  treated by Mesa Northeast Animal HospitalSomething that is sad to talk about, but that I really feel should be mentioned is this.  Over the years Dr. Nowicki has treated my families animals and now he treats mine. I have been unfortunate in that I have had to put down some of my elderly furry friends in the last couple of years, but I was lucky that I had someone like Dr. Nowicki to perform such a task. He has always been respectful in that aspect. However, more importantly he was always direct,  yet compassionate when it came time to let me know that it was better for my animals to move on. Some people can get so attached to a pet that the thought of loss blinds them to the potential pain and suffering the pet maybe going through. Dr. Nowicki is not the kind of vet, or person for that matter to play on the emotions of a person to make a dollar while an animal suffers.
5	Dr. Ryan Ainsworth has been my vet for several years. He takes care of my dogs and also referred me to an excellent surgeon for my dog's orthopedic issue.  He is straight-forward and honest and my dogs love him.
5	Dr Ryan Ainsworth has been caring for all the furry critters in my family for several years. We are thrilled that he has his own practice now. Even though we live in Peoria-he is worth the drive to Gilbert! We trust Dr. Ainsworth completely and love that he integrates wellness (acupuncture and nutrition) into the care of our "babies".
5	Dr. Ryan Ainsworth has been caring for my Afghan Hounds for several years now.  I attribute his addition of Acupuncture and Chinese Herbs to conventional Western Veterinary Medicine to saving Bablu's life.  This mild mannered Vet is, without a doubt, truly passionate about his chosen career and the animals under his care.  I am truly happy he has his own Animal Hospital and, like Kathy M, even though I live in Glendale and his practice is in Gilbert, it is more than worth the drive to have him continue to care for my two Afs.
5	I can not say enough about the compassion of these amazing people.  Sadly, I had to say good bye to my dear friend and member of our family, Max.  Max was a very sweet corgi mix that recently got sick and was suffering.  Dr. Nowicki eased Max's pain with gentle hands and love in his heart.  The staff was kind and considerate and loving as well.  I hope none of you need him for this service, but you do you will be in great hands.  Thank you!
5	Dr. Ainsworth has been the vet for our pets for several years.  We were happy he could have his own practice.  Our long-haired chihuahua, Wilson, recently had to have surgery for a subluxating patella and partial anterior cruciate tear.  We were concerned for Wilson, because he's little and older.  But we needn't have worried. Dr. Ainsworth called in a board certified vet who specializes in orthopedic surgery.  She was wonderful as well. Dr. AInsworth takes all the time in the world to examine the pet, explain the issue and provide top quality care.  We recommend him without reservation.
