4	Our group of 4 wandered in on a Friday night, in an attempt to support local businesses near our house that we haven't tried yet.  It's a small place, with a handful of tables and booths, but we were seated right away.  Mason, the resident teenager, was quick to get us drinks but was unable to tell me what white wine they had available nor did he offer to check.  Oh well, I'd already had almost a bottle at happy hour anyway.  The 2 men of our group decided to share the meatball and pepperoni pizza, and immediately described it as "a fantastic voyage".  The meatballs were flattened like pepperoni, and flavorful.  I started with the greek salad, which was great but had iceberg lettuce rather than a darker variety.  I had half a Sicilian too (ya know, for weekend leftovers), which was thick and bread like.  Another one of us ordered the penne with marinara, which looked good with a side of garlic bread.Service was great - Sara, our waitress, was very friendly and told us they were a small mom and pop restaurant and they appreciate new business.  When the Penne came out before the pizza's, she apologized and offered us a free dessert.  When we couldn't decide, she offered us two......complimentary!  The cannoli was okay, but the Zeppolis were a.maz.ing.  Small balls of dough, fried, with powdered sugary goodness.  Mmmm!  They also do delivery and takeout, and we'll definitely be back!
5	"Greasy" as it applies to pizza is directly tied to quality of cheese and meats used in its preparation; high quality mozzarella will exude it's delicious juices after baking. We've dined several times at this casual establishment. While ordering delivery pizza is a good substitute in a pinch, dining in is certainly preferred. Plus, it provides the "tweens" a chance to practice the table manners they'll need on a date and a company dinner.Gennaro's is an excellent place for a family meal. Comfortable seating, excellent service, reasonable prices. The pizza? It is superb, some of the best in the valley. Meatball pizza? You've not lived until you've tried this one. And, it will be prepared exactly as you ask for it. Well done? No problem. Cold beer on tap and a few wines.Also, where else do you get fantastic eggplant parmesan in the east valley? Gennaro's version is thin sliced and delicious.Yes, local businesses should be supported and these folks are one of the few left standing at this intersection after the Fulton Ranch home community shit the bed. Not because they've been the only restaurant on the corner, but because their food is darn good, besting the likes of Marco's pizza, Cheezburger-Cheezburger, Garcia's, Carino's Italian food, etc.Give Gennaro's a try for pizza or pasta, you will not be disappointed.
2	Gennaros is sort of a hit or miss. Sometimes they are very well made pizzas but other times it is pretty generic and bland. Lately it has been the latter. Also STAY AWAY from their sandwiches. I had a chicken parm sandwich and it was awful,  I couldn't actually finish it.
4	Jersey Girls (and Boys) will probably attest that this is as close to Jersey pizza as we can get in the Southwest.  I was having a very hard time when I moved out here -- it's not fun going through pizza withdrawal.  When I took my first bite of that drippy, cheese oozing slice of pizza with just enough sauce and sweet crust--I couldn't stop pulling a When Harry Met Sally moment.....(ok you can figure that one out).  Yummmmmmmmmyy!! Love love their pizza!!!  Oh and this is the only place so far I can find zeppoles (I'd like to recommend maybe serving them in brown bags for added San Genarro style (the NY feast).  Anyway, love them and love their pizza!
1	Unfortunately Gennaro's is the latest restaurant to close in Chandler. http://www.azcentral.com/community/chandler/articles/2010/06/18/20100618chandler-gennaros-pizza-closes.html
