4	So, we tried the new place that went into the old Marie Callendar's place. Coincidence they have similar naming from the old spot? Hmm.... Waitress said they are not associated. I did try looking up their website on the menu, but not sure if it's up yet.Since we try to help out & eat local, we thought to give this spot a try.  We tried the chicken Alfredo, pork pot roast & chicken tenders. Food was good, nothing uber fabulous, but it tasted decent. They do have a salad bar for those looking for a simple salad bar. They also do have fresh pies. Several flavors I haven't seen before. I think they are doing a soft opening to see how it goes. Not sure when they will do a grand opening.
2	4.4.14, decided to check out the new place for lunch. Interior decor is beautiful, the servers were attentive but......I ordered the patty melt and my wife ordered the chicken pot pie, the patty melt came with a patty of meat so thin and small that I laughed and blurted out " Where's the Beef!!!" Plus it was bleeding, I ordered it med. well, they cooked a new one quick enough but for $11.00..... No Way!!     The Potpie looked delicious, had plenty of chicken and veggies but I thought the sauce was bland though my wife liked it.  The biggest sin though was the fact the manager didn't come by and acknowledge my issue with the food, that brought it down from 3 stars to 2 stars.  We'll try back in 3 months to see if they've improved, till then, no recommendations
3	Service was good. Food was ok, but overpriced ($9.50 for a turkey sandwich). Pie is the main reason I go to a place like this, and their pie menu is extensive.., but they don't actually have most of them (maybe 30 on the menu but only 5 or 6 available). I was there for Saturday lunch, and there was only one other table occupied. The interior hasn't been updated since it was Marie Callendar's, and has an off-putting musty odor. I was hoping for something a little more modern and fresh. But the pie was good :-)
1	I'm pretty sure this was the worst restaurant I've ever been to. I know that's quite a charge, but it is well deserved. we were tempted to leave when we arrived and were greeted by an empty restaurant with an overpriced ($21!!) omelette bar. When my son touched the rail next to some stairs his hands came off black!We say down anyway. We ordered some omelettes and French toast and asked if we could substitute anything for the potatoes and toast (we are eating low carb). The waitress offered bacon and fruit instead.the omelettes were poor to mediocre. Bell peppers were used instead of "green chiles." The cheese tasted cheap. Definitely not worth $9.50. Any hotel buffet omelette is better.Then we get the bill, they charged us $3 for each bacon substitute ($3 for 2 slices of bacon as a 'substitute'?!) and $3 for each little fruit bowl that had been offered as a substitute! Also, whipped cream was added to my daughter's French toast, a nice touch but something we didn't order and we were charged for that too. So two omelettes and French toast came to $40! After much harassment and lecturing from a very rude  manager she agreed to remove the extra charges after I adamantly stated that I would not pay for what I did not order. We left unimpressed with the food, disgusted by the service, and understanding why the restaurant was empty. I don't think we have to worry about them staying in business for very long.
4	Looks like Marie Calendars again... so glad!  missed the pies
1	Well, my first clue should have been that I was the only customer on a Saturday morning at 9:30...normally a busy breakfast time. Being local, I really wanted to love the place, and waited a month after opening before I tried it. One of the worst experiences ever as far as food goes-$9.25 for huevos rancheros?!?!?! A bean, pepper and potato mix on top of a fajita, then all topped with eggs. Fajita was inedible after sitting under those veggies for a few minutes. No surprise that the place was empty...
3	We used to go to Marie Calendar's when it was here for their Sunday Brunch. We were glad to see it was back open as "Maries". The brunch was not as good, but was acceptable. I am assuming they are still working out the kinks. Had to ask for butter and syrup for the pancakes. Wish they had regular cubed hash browns too. For $21 (or $22) for brunch, it's too expensive. The times we ate there we used a Groupon. In my opinion, the Brunch should be no more than $15.We plan to go there for Mothers Day dinner because we are pretty sure we wont have to wait for a table.
1	WOW...one of the worst restaurant experiences. We only went there due to Mimi's Cafe at Ray Rd.  being closed. Very disappointed with the service. Not sure if the waitress was new, but first of all, she handed us the complete menu, which included lunch, however, when we went to order, only THEN did she inform us that only breakfast was being served at the time. She did not say that upon arrival. Then after we ordered, we waited about 30 minutes to get our food. None of the meals should've taken that long. Then the waitress didn't even bother to ask if everything was ok until we were halfway through the meal. Toast was supposed to accompany one of the meals, yet was received 15 minutes afterward. VERY poor timing. Also, the waitress didn't know what pies were available.  She returned with a list of what they DIDN'T have, which was about a 1/3 of the pies listed on the menu. It is not surprising that the restaurant was fairly empty. In it's particular location, right off the freeway and surrounded by hotels, you would think they would've been a lot busier at brunch time (11:00-11:30am) on a Sunday. The waitress was pleasant, but seemed very new, which is ok, however, for the lack of tables in the restaurant, it could've been better. We will most likely not return.Perhaps, because they're relatively new, they're still working out the kinks, but enough time has passed that those should've already been worked on. Oh yeah, and beware of the water system that waters the shrubs surrounding the building. They were on when we arrived, and spraying out into the parking lot, so our shoes had to get wet on the way in. They remained on for the duration of our visit, and were still running as we left almost 2 hours later. What a waste of water....IN THE SUMMER...
2	Gosh it hurts to give this place a bad review but I must. At 12:10pm on a payday Friday, this place only had one table when we walked in for lunch.The hostess/waitress told us about the Fish Fry special "all you can eat fried fish for $12". Three out of five people at our table ordered the special. I ordered the chopped steak cooked medium. A few minutes later the chef came out to inform us he only had enough fish for two orders but offered to use mahi-mahi for one of the orders. So much for the "all-you-can-eat". When the fish came they were sizable but no one was impressed. Back to my chopped steak - it wasn't chopped. I was served a real steak. It appeared to be a strip steak but it was cooked to rare. It was also tough as hell. I only ate half. The sides were unremarkable. The waitress wanted to know if we wanted to order a pie but then informed us "we're out of most of them". We took a whole French Silk pie that was actually pretty good. It's the only reason the place got a 2 star rating.
1	OMG!!!   I bought a groupon, so okay we will try it out.  They do not open til 8am.   Not a car one in the parking lot!    Its 9 am, We ordered food, took about 8 min.  The 3 egg breakfast was short 2 eggs, and the scrambeled eggs are from a liquid egg product, not fresh scrambeled.  They were horrible!  The sausage links had nooo flavor!   The bacon was okay, for deep fried.  The potato choice varies daily so you have to ask.  The coffee was good.  Overall, don't waste your money
5	Fantastic service! Ask for Laney! Sarcastic and fun made our Sunday breakfast enjoyable. Ranchos huevous was phenomenal, best I ever had! Definitely will come back!
4	Wasn't very busy when we came in, but it was right by the hotels we had family staying at. Marie's may not have had fine dining service, but the hospitality, menu options, and quantity served gives it the 4 stars I'm rating.Go in on a MONDAY!! For $10-16 dollars, you can order an entree meal that comes with two generous portioned sides (your choice) AND an appetizer salad AND a slice of pie. The meal was so huge I had to take the rest home.It's such a great deal and the food is pretty on point to where I'm not sure why they don't get more customers. I think the location may play a role in this, but anyone staying at the hotels surrounding the place or living in the area should go here to get the biggest bang for their buck!
2	I'm not certain how this place will stay in business...maybe the hotels around it will help. We've given Marie's 3 chances - each time I went there was a laundry list of items that they were out of or their 'pie guy' didn't show up to make the pies. Prices a bit expensive for very bland food. I had high hopes for this place......
1	What can I say the second worst place in Phoenix.  The first worst place is the other place they own in Chandler Pecan Grove.Service was so poor. The lack of customers says it all.  You could of shot a gun off in the place and not hit anyone.The food well they ran out hard to imagine since we were 1 of the two tables that had a customer and the other group got up and left before they were served.STAY AWAY.
