3	This small branch of Auld Jocks lies just at the tip of the Grassmarket. Tiny inside and with a quaint seating area outside it has its charm.The pies/pastries are all ok, but nothing special. I can't help but feel like I'm paying for the novelty name and the touristy location when I buy their steeply priced fare.I hate to admit it, but I'd rather go to Greggs.
2	I sometimes think that eating myself might be healthier than eating at Greggs. Despite its cheap prices, it would be nice to have a healthier, better quality pie and pastry shop to acquire lunch or a snack. Auld Jock's Pie Shoppe isn't that shop.The pie I had wasn't really very good at all (there wasn't much choice for vegetarians) and, seemingly like the other reviewers, I wasn't impressed by the prices. To top it off it came across as being very touristy and was packed when I went in. Perhaps I just got unlucky but paying so much for this type of food was offputting, especially when you consider the other options nearby, especially around Newington.There's room for improvement Auld Jocke!
3	Quick, inexpensive, and sitting down.  I am no expert in what traditional Scottish pastries ought to taste like or how much they should cost, but we were hungry and our tourist feet were worn out.  The quick lunch at Jock's was convenient, fast, and really hit the spot.
3	A hot pie with mashed potato and gravy doesn't really go far wrong on a wintery day and so in that sense I can't fault Auld Jock's Pie Shoppe. The price is comparable to having a pie and chips, and at least here the pie isn't deep fried... However as a local the touristy, fake scottish name irks me a bit. Aside to my issues with the name some, if not all of the pies are almost certainly bought in (I recognised the steak pie), nothing wrong with that but if you call yourself a pie shop, well perhaps preparing pies rather than just baking pies on premises wouldn't be a bad plan. The mash is also of the pre-prepared kind, good quality but not exactly authentic and the gravy well ah Bisto wouldn't be far from the truth.The point I'm getting at is while the food is good (A-OK), there is a part of me that finds the inauthenticity of setup somewhat jarring...
