1	I had a craving for noodles today, along with a significant hangover, so I decided to try this Chinese restaurant as it had a good review on here previously. This was a mistake, we probably knew that as we walked in, but were lulled by the positive review on here, so continued through the tinted glass door and into the eerily quiet restaurant with an audience of staff sat watching us. Combo starter was deep fat fried prawn toast, spring rolls & ribs - did they ALL have to be deep fried?! - but at least it was REALLY fast I suppose. And what with the hangover & food cravings that was a bonus! Then the main courses were brought out: sweet & sour chicken Cantonese style, Singapore noodles, boiled rice. The chicken in pink sauce was only relatively nice due to the fact that the noodles didn't taste of anything apart from a hint of cleaning fluid & a fair kick of spice. I only ate half the noodles, & only ate that much because of the aforementioned hankering; also i had to steal pink sauce from the chicken to make them palatable! My partner ate all her chicken, but most of the rice was left, due to the fact that there wasn't enough pink sauce to flavour all her rice AND all of my noodles! There were 3 other tables in when we arrived, but eventually they left one by one, leaving us the only couple in there, the only people for them to wait on/ stare at! We spent quite a bit of time discussing all the positives of the restaurant (I liked the trap door in the floor, my partner liked the blinds, I liked the plastic flowers, she liked the hand dryer in the toilet, we both liked the water..!) as well as laughing at the sheer awkwardness of the situation (awkward turtle!) There was also discussion about how terribly British we both were in that we weren't able to complain and send the food back! As we asked for the bill I decided that since I was intending to write a review on here, I should at least let them know in person that the meal had been a little disappointing to give them the opportunity to do something about it. I was just politely asked to put my pin in the card machine, and told that I as I had eaten it "all" then I must have enjoyed it!! The staff were lovely, friendly, polite, however the food was non of this, and was on the pricey side in my opinion. I would not go back, and would def recommend going anywhere else but here for noodles. This kind of restaurant is the reason I usually don't like Chinese food, what a disappointment Pine Garden :-(
1	We had takeaway from here, and it was pretty tasteless and yucky, unfortunately.  The noodles were unexciting at best, duck was mushy and the sauce for the sweet and sour pork was very sharp indeed.Really cannot recommend going here or, in fact, any of the Chinese restaurants in Morningside, which is a real disappointment.
