4	Have a beer, play some pacman, and eat cheese fries.  Sounds pretty grand to me, I really like hanging out with a group of guy friends here and just kicking it for a couple of hours.  You have to watch out for drunken game hogs that take over certain games for hours at a time, blowing dollar after dollar, while others sit and wait in line.  That is what happened the last time we were here.  My friend and I waited on a game for like twenty minutes before this middle aged drunk backed off, and I am pretty sure that he was about to pee himself.  Besides that, it is a great place for bdays and guy's night out.
4	This place is a good time. It's like a big carnival for grownups...games and beer and big televisions and yummy greasy bar fries. It's not really the kind of place where I'd go on my own, but it's nice when you are out with a few couples. Men like to play games. Women like to make fun of men playing games. It's interesting.I've been having a little issue with hot fudge sundaes lately. (I wonder if there's a 12 step group for this problem?) Dave and Busters has a fantastic one on the dessert menu that features a chocolate chip cookie.
4	We decided to go here for their Eat and Play $15.99 dinner/game deal. Figure $10 worth of games we'd like to play anyway and a $6 meal. The reason they get 4 stars was the food. i figured the food would be an afterthought to a place like this, but it turned out to be quite good, and not just one plate. i went with the Double Stacked Chicken Parm and it was delish. The special lady friend went against her normal eating habits and got the Philly Cheesesteak and she was very satisfied with her choice. As far as games, pretty standard affair. Played some air hockey, shot some wild game, shot some zombies, shot some basketballs. They also had a beer special on Bud Light for like $2.39 when we were there. Overall, surprisingly satisfied.
5	The following review is from our 8 year old boy:I really like d and b. The only thing I didn't like was that you might loose who you are with. I got lost while playing a game. I like the arcade and bowling, they are so much fun. Mozzarella sticks are our favorite dish. Birthdays there are awsome.
3	Dave and Busters is a great place to go and have some food and kill some time playing video games.  their food is pretty good - typical Americana fare.  their burgers are good and the service is pretty good.  I don't go here expecting a gourmet meal but I am never let down.  Their selection of video games isn't huge but you will be able to find a couple games you like.They run great deals and you can get an Eat and Play deal for $15 which includes $10 in games - not bad!
3	A lot of fun but watch your food costs. The kids are gonna want to spend a bunch on games and if you are not careful the food bill gets high.I think they have a deal on Wednesday nights so if you can choose a night go then but be prepared for fun to spend money.
4	I enjoy coming here as a past time on random Friday or Saturday nights. The games are good and they even have a bowling alley. However, my primary purpose in coming here is to shoot pool.The bar here is good. The prices for drinks are average/typical. However, I don't recommend dining here. The food isn't that great, as most of it tastes microwaved. And the food is way overpriced. Eat before coming. The TV's are large, but outdated. So, if you're coming to watch a game, you may be disappointed by the resolution of the screens. But if that doesn't bother you, you should have an enjoyable time.
3	I went to Dave & Buster's for the first time last night for a bachelor's party.  Overall it was an enjoyable experience.  FoodI found the food enjoyable, yet not extremely high quality.  My chicken was overcooked, yet some of the guys said their steak was cooked perfectly.  I don't drink, and they lack a huge variety of non-alcoholic drinks.  However, the bar did look fully stocked.ServiceWhen we were called for our table, the hostess seemed very agitated and wasn't very friendly.  I understand they were busy, and it is VERY loud inside, but good service is still important.  Our waiter was very helpful, and was very quick.  They also continue to serve you at the billiards tables and in the bowling lanes, and the service in those places was exceptional.GamesPlaying pool and bowling are both priced per hour.  They are reasonably price IF you have more than 3 or 4 people in your group.  Otherwise it seemed a little expensive.  I had mixed experiences with the arcade games.  There were many games that were completely dead, and many others that didn't function properly.  We did, however, have quite a bit of luck on the strictly ticket-winning games.  Many of the games are also overpriced in my opinion.Overall, it's a very fun atmosphere, for people of all ages.  I recommend bringing a group of friends, as otherwise it will seem quite expensive, and be wary, talking can be difficult, as it is very loud inside.  Once again, good atmosphere, and I wouldn't hesitate to go back.
4	So I may be a huge dork but I love the arcade in this place.  Half price games on Wednsdays is amazing, although it can get a little busy.  The food here isn't gourmet but it's decent and they're always doing the eat and play combo.  They have a bowling alley that looks pretty cool but we've never bowled here.  They also have a full room of pool tables if you're in to that sort of thing.  I head straight to the arcade to play one of the following: big buck safari hunt, pop-a-shot (basketball), ski ball, air hockey, and maybe a racing game.  All of their games are nice and new and they rarely have games that are out of order.  The service here is usually pretty slow so you'll probably have to wait around for a bit if you have any questions or need anything.  Fortunately you can grab a playing card from an automated machine without having to deal with anyone.
4	Food and games great.  Service kind of slow or this place (for it's genre) could have been rated higher. The wife and I had a good time.  Drinks are $$$$
4	This place is ginormous.  Perhaps not as ginormous as other D&B's in the country, but it's more than enough for an evening.  If you go with the expectations of playing arcade games, eating arcade-esque food (AKA burgers, fries, generic salads) and knowing it's not a classy, super clean establishment, it's a fun, fun time. My friends and I went through a period of touring the Carolinas, testing out as many claw vending machines as possible. (This is not a joke.) This brought us to D&B, and the night ended with over 40 stuffed animals.  The grip-strength on the claws is great.  With some skill and right toy selection, this place is a treasure trove.  Unlike some arcades and supermarkets, the claws aren't programmed to lose and lose strength after a win.  There's a nice selection of toy sizes...including a jumbo claw, which is filled with jumbo stuffed animals and D&B logo toys. TIP: Don't play the mini claw with plastic jewelry inside.  You can win, but the toys inside are so chintzy, you'll feel cheated. TIP:  Find D&B coupons to get the most credits loaded onto your card.  Yes, there are yipping kids everywhere-- and I did run into a couple broken machines.  Those were attended to right away though, so I can't complain.  The employees aren't exactly at Disney-Cast-Member friendly and attentive, but hey, you're here to race simulated race cars, play Skee-ball, and win tickets to trade in for cheap plasticky prizes.  PS: There is a lot of other stuff to do here, like the bowling and sports viewing areas, pool tables...but you know where I am...at the CLAW.
1	Poor service is what earns this location a one-star rating from me. Sorry DnB's Concord, NC. I HAVE had positive experiences at other locations however, namely those in my home state of California. Your mileage of course may vary.
3	I mainly go here to play PIU but recently I got the chance to have dinner there for a cousin's birthday so I can finally give a full review!I don't think I'll ever go there just for the food.  I got the steak there and it was really tough.  I never put steak sauce on my steak but I literally HAD to if I wanted to eat any of it.  I spent about 5 minutes chewing on one piece. :P We got this really tasty appetizer however that I would totally go back to eat again - it was a chicken nacho thing... wish I could remember the name!  As far as drinks I remember them being fairly priced and tasty. The Candy Shop drink is pretty good. :3Now like I said my friends and I normally just go here to play Pump.  The one thing I don't like about the machine is that they keep it soooo low volume wise.  This really sucks because there are so many other noisy and loud games around it and, well, its a rhythm game.  You kinda really need to hear the music to play.  But despite the fact we spend about 2 or so hours just lurking around playing pump and getting waters and sodas so we don't pass out, save for one or two of them most of the staff are pretty cool. Some of them will gladly turn up the machine a bit if we ask.From what I know of it pool and bowling is pretty expensive so we stay away from that normally.  But we totally hit up some pool on their half-price Wednesdays!!Even if you don't go here that much I would suggest joining the mailing list to get coupons for the cards - that way you can get more bang for your buck when you can.
3	Met up with friends on a Saturday night, so it was packed. Later in the night the number of children dropped. For something out of the ordinary, it's a good time but a but a bit expensive.
1	An arcade for adults.  Sounds pretty appealing, huh?  Well, we thought so too when my sister wanted to go there for her birthday party on Saturday, February 11th.  Her boyfriend called to make reservations and they would not allow him to make reservations even if he offered to give them a credit card to hold some lanes for bowling.  Four of us arrived eager to check this place only to walk into a madhouse.  There were lines and clusters of people everywhere.  There was a massive wait for the restaurant.  Groups of kids and random people everywhere about the arcade.  My impression: ghetto redneck population for sure.  Disorganized "lines" around the counter to bowl and occasional shouting over the loud speaker which was muffled and was hardly understandable.  There were empty lanes in the bowling area, but no one actually using them.  The woman in front of us had been waiting for some time, but we waited patiently behind her only to be told there was a TWO to FOUR and a half hour wait!  Are you kidding me?!?  We still decided to put our names on the list, but questioned why there were empty lanes.  The man behind the counter told us that they were reserved by corportate with a credit card and they don't care whether there are people there are not because their credit card is still being charged.  I asked how we were supposed to know when it was our turn and he said he would announce it over the loud speaker.  I said that you couldn't understand the loud speaker and he replied, in a very smartass tone, "well, we'll do our best!" more or less conveying that "we don't give a damn whether you hear us or not."  I told him that it doesn't matter if you do your best if the equipment is static and hard to hear over all the masses of people and we were really disappointed.  He just walked away while we stood there trying to figure out what to do next.  Next was, of course, finding somewhere else better to go to fast.
2	I haven't been to Dave and Busters in a while and I'm sure I will probably not visit any time soon.  I went with a group of people tonight, and it took forever for us to get service and once we did.  We ordered our food and I guess because they were bowling it's a rule that you have to pay for your food first.  I thought this was crazy and asked the waitress well what if I don't like the food or if something is wrong?  She looked at me and said then I'll try to fix it, I said ok and I got my food and it was burnt.  Just nasty, so they redid it and I guess it was a problem (I'm sure not wanting to be bothered) but they redid it and the second time around it was ok, but better than the first time.  The group I was with could only get one drink at a time, not sure what that was about but it was what it was.  Any who, not a fan so now I realize why I wasn't too much of one before.
4	I've never eaten here, but my husband and I like to come in a couples times a month to play games. The staff is over all pretty great, I haven't had any issues with service. The referee/game machine monitors are usually pretty quick to fix machines and issue tickets if the machines are out. The bar tenders are pretty friendly and I appreciate them not laughing when I order a Shirley Temple. I try to avoid this place until after the mall closes, I get a little overwhelmed with kids running around but it's not too bad even then. They have a discounted game playing hour or two on Wednesday afternoon; but I've never made it in for the special, so I can't speak as to how crowded it is.
4	first time at a Dave and Busters. Food was good waiter was good. Price was reasonable portions were just right.
4	FUN..plain & simple!!!
4	I miss the old video game arcades of yore. Heck, even when Charlotte had Putt Putts they had a killer arcade but they sadly went out of business. I really can't think of any other arcades other than Chuck E. Cheese's but they're a bit too kiddy for us. Leave it to Dave & Busters to fill that void....at a steep price!I like using the in-house debit card system to keep up with your balance and the tickets you've won, but I swear there's some price-gouging afoot with playing video games. We were having so much fun that I didn't really take a moment to do the math, but $39 worth of credits sure seemed to have flown by in less than an hour. I need to do due diligence next time and get ahold of some coupons in advance. Prizes for tickets are a bit outrageous if you want to get anything really cool and I suggest saving up your ticket-credits over time or you'll be stuck getting some garbage. Younger kids won't be that patient, though.Still, besides the price we had an absolute blast. Lots of games to choose from whether it's video games or prize-earning games...my only complaint is that there were too many co-op shooters but that's probably all the rage these days. You Old Skool gamers like myself need to try the multi-player Pac Man game. Good times. I just wish they'd open another D&B away from this crappy mall.I've never had the urge to try their food and the meals seem a bit too pricey for my tastes. It seems odd eating there...much like the time I went to a strip club years ago that served breakfast. I just can't put the two of those worlds together.Your pal,Walter
1	Very disappointed with the restaurant portion of D&B. The staff was very unorganized and did not know who they were seating and where.  Waited 10 mins before anyone even knew we were waiting to be seated.  We took our $100 potential bill down to the food court and saved $65.The games area is great, but the restaurant area needs to get their act together.
2	This place is big. There's bowling, pool, a restaurant with okay food, and games, most of which are played for tickets. There are three major knocks on this place in my opinion. First, it's really not that kid friendly, as it's open on two ends and there's nothin preventing someone from walking out with a kid. I always stress safety when we go but parents really need to stay in top of their kids, which can be difficult if you have more than one child. Secondly, it lacks a food selection of traditional arcade games. Most games are extremely violent or involve tickets, neither of which are appropriate for kids of some ages. On another note, the games that are played for tickets are really an introduction to gambling, i.e. pay money to play a game of chance in hopes of winning tickets or a prize. I always steer the young ones away from playing games solely in the hope of winning tickets. I stress hat they should play a game that will be fun regardless of whether it involves tickets.In summation, true kids love the place but I'm not a big fan.
1	I went here for a work outing on a Friday afternoon. Maybe arcades aren't as exciting when you're no longer a kid? Maybe I'm too cheap to pay DOLLARS for a single game play? Who knows but I'm glad I wasn't picking up the tab. Server was nice in the eating area but when I requested a vegan option (btw, they'd been notified the day before by one of our team members there were special diets people coming) the guy was completely confused but thought the veggie burger was acceptable. Fine with me. We also have a celiac and lactose intolerant person with us - they did have allergen menus. She was able to order a chicken dish and brccoli no butter. Too bad they brought it out sopping in butter. It wasn't until the other dishes were brought out that I was notified the veggie burger had eggs in it. Fine, what else can you do? NOTHING. Um, not even a salad? Uh, I don't think so. Whatever, I left I got a salad from the food court and brought it back to eat with others. No, I don't expect great dining at a place like this but I do expect them to come up with something when hosting a company function and are notified in advance. Games - I'm not a gamer so this may not be fair but nothing really made me want to spend my own money. Bar - decent beer selection considering but overpriced .I'm guessing if I was there with Junior I'd pay over $5 for a domestic draft too. I'm not going back. Missing Jillians.
3	This D&B is starting to show its age, but I still enjoy coming here.  I love playing a few games, drinking some beer, watching whatever sports game is on and then seeing a movie at the AMC theater next door.  It's my favorite way to spend a Sunday afternoon!
3	I have been here twice and both visits were on a weekend. First, it is worth it to mention that this place is rather large. It holds a restaurant, space for bowling, all types of games and a large bar in the middle. One of my biggest complaints about D&B is the setup of the prize room. It is such a tiny and chaotic area. D&B could benefit from some rearranging in this area. There is also potential for sensory overload here. Super loud music, and even louder speaker system and every game has some ridiculous sound. Not my favorite place. But if you are looking for games, this is a great place to go.
2	D and B has really gone down hill over the past few years.  The food used to be tolerable, now its just bad.  The drinks are decent, but they have nothing on tap for beers.  Its the same video games they have had for the past 10 years.  Nothing new, so no reason to go.  Its too bad, because it used to be a good time.
1	I was celebrating my friend's birthday at Dave & Busters, and I got kicked out for no reason at all. I went to use the bathroom, and a minute later the manager comes by and asks me to leave. He claimed I threw a glass (which I didn't). I tried to explain that I didn't do anything and that I'm not even 21 so I couldn't have had a glass on me, and even though he had no eyewitness or video proof, they still kicked me out. I, my friend, and everyone at the party were beyond angry for me getting kicked out unjustifiably. I'm never going there again, and you would be wise to avoid this place as well.
3	The games are plentiful and fun and the food is seriously mediocre.  It's also interesting to see all these apps on my phone showing up as stand up, big screen video games.  Think things like Fruit Ninja and Doodle Jump.  There are plenty of shoot the insurgent zombie mutant horde type of games and lots of "skill" games like skee ball where you can pile up tickets to trade in for total crap in the gift store.  Would like to see some more of the classics from back in my youth but, I get it... I'm old!My youngest son loves the place so it's a great way to take him out, have some fun with him and know that he's happy the whole time.
3	Dave & Buster's at Concord is A-OK. Food is slightly above the average Applebee's/Ruby Tuesday. I love the golden chicken tenders though... cheesy bacon fries are yum-yum too.I'm probably not coming back though, because a game that there I like called "Harley-Davidson & L.A. Riders" is no longer at this D&B. Sorry to say. :\ This game is old though and the last time I played the game here was on its last legs. Handlebars were so unresponsive on player 1. Not surprising for a heavy 16-year-old chunk of machinery. 'Daytona USA' still lives on here, and there's a new Mario Kart game and a 'Transformers' simulator game which is fairly interesting. While it's good for adults and little kids, gamers might become disappointed with Dave & Buster's here in Concord. I can still recommend it, but for me personally, Dave & Buster's sucks without 'Harley-Davidson & L.A. Riders'. :\
5	I love it, me and my girlfriend went there not too long ago, had a BLAST. Might be going again for valentines day. The food was good, and the games where fun. Plus the bowling alley and the pool hall added to more things we could do if we wanted to do. It's a big place full of fun and adventure, you just have to be down for anything!
2	Went with a group from work.   Hamburgers reminded me of high school cafeteria,  service was slow waitress shorted every person that paid cash.  Beers were warm and way over priced.   Way over crowded and not worth the cost for games.   Was rather disappointed to have to pay $2.00 for my game card.
1	This place is absolutely horrible! Ill never go back. The food took over an hour to be brought out, and wasn't even good. The games are way over priced. The men's bathroom was absolutely DISGUSTING! I even told them more than 5 times about the bathroom being under satisfactory and they didn't even care. Theres also trash on the floor everywhere. The employees seem to just be there to get a paycheck, and don't give a shit about anything. Ill never go back. The D and B in Jacksonville FL is SOOOO much better and friendly service and clean with amazing food!!
1	I went here tonight because I had no choice. A work group was having dinner here after a day long meeting. My NY Strip was very fatty and cold. Garlic mashed potatoes were too cold to eat. Thin cut fried onion rings were cold and greasy.  Salad came out with meal rather than prior to meal.  No one at my table was enthusiastic about their meal.    The appetizers prior to the meal really were pathetic. Looked like a 12 year old cooked frozen foods.  I left as soon as we ate as I really didn't care about the games.  I am sure if you had 12-25 year olds, could be a fun fatty food night with arcades.
2	Was in town from nyc visiting my best friend who attends Livingstone College not too far and needed a little excitement so we decided to stop by. Entered the place totally empty, decided to still stay. We wanted to bowl, cheap price for 1 game, socks, and bowling shoes. But there's a timeframe? Whatever. At the moment we wanted to go to the bar, no bartender could be found. I ended up roaming the empty place for a bartender. Asked customer service and she pointed me to another bar station. The coworkers were sitting down talking and I was not greeted at the bar till about 5 minutes later. I explained that there was not any bartender at the bar behind us she stopped another employee and asked where the bartender went and they replied they were not sure. She went to the group of employees and asked and one replied I think she got sent home. I ordered a patron margarita and said my state ID is at customer service because they needed a state ID to hold. She said ok and slowly strolled to the desk and opened the book and look at my state id. Please be mindful Im from NYC. She asked would I like salt or sugar and i replied not too much salt. Received my drink, tasted it, totally watered down too much ice and heavy salt around the rim that could of killed you! Lol. I paid and walked back to the game. My friends decided after a while they wanted to get a drink in their system . They went to the bar but they took long and came  back empty handed. Explaining that they were not able to get a drink due to their state ID's saying NY state, not a resident of NC and is not a driver license form. I was confused my ID is just a learners permit, says NYS and is not a drivers license form and I just brought a $12 margarita less than 5 minutes ago no problem, no hassle. Overall experience was slow service, confused non attentive employees.
2	We went for the Mayweather fight. Excited to learn they even offered it (free). They said the wait for a table would be about 35-40 min. (we thought 'pretty decent since it was a Money Mayweather Event'). We decided to wait at the bar & grab a few cocktails. An hour later, we decided to order a few appetizers with our drinks. Still ok with the hour wait, bc after all, it's a Money Mayweather Event. Our appetizers came. We snacked. Waited at the bar some more. Ordered more drinks and more appetizers. THEN our name is called for our table. HERE is when the horror began. We told our bartender (great guy, think his name was Steven) we were being seated and to send our order to our table. No problem, Steven says he'll notify the kitchen. Went to the hostess table to be seated, told the manager hostess about our order. She said 'no problem, we will let the kitchen know). Went to our table, waitress comes over. We immediately tell her about our food/drink order AND tell her our bartender's name. She says, no problem she'll go to the kitchen to make sure they got the message. (NOTE: 3rd person on staff we've made aware). So long story short, almost TWO HOURS later (not counting the time at the bar)....we still have NO food, no drinks, not even water...NOTHING. Waitress didn't even offer water/tea nothing while we waited for our imaginary food/alcohol. I started ranting to the waitress (when she bothered to come our way), the bartender, everyone!!! They all kept saying, it's coming, we're just busy. I understood them being busy, but when the 3 tables who were seated AFTER us get their food and we still don't have ours, its a problem. Poor poor service & accountability. FINALLY a manager comes over. He decides to re-order our food for us and comp the food (thanks but all I wanted was a nice date night out with my honey and to watch the fight). So back to the food/drinks.....FINALLY the order arrives. And guess what....the order is WRONG!  All we could do at this point was laugh. 2-stars only because our initial experience at the bar with Steven was good.
1	This place is disgusting. If I had kids, they would not be allowed to step foot in there. The entire place smells terrible. The bathrooms are even worse and the service is utterly horrible. It took forever for someone to greet us, then took forever to bring drinks. While we were finally eating, all the servers were standing right next to our table talking to each other, completely ignoring our empty drinks and our struggle to eat wings with no napkins. So gross and bad service. I'm sure there's plenty of other Dave and Buster's in Charlotte that are worth going to but not this one.
2	This place is similar to a chucky cheese for adults and kids. The games are overpriced for sure. The food barely holds a flame to a franchise such as applebees. I have received better service from Chic fil a. 3 out of the 6 tables surrounding the bar were dirty and appeared to stay that way. One table had a steak knife lying on the floor in front of it so someone could trip on it. All in all I was not impressed by any means and probably won't be back.
4	Best place in Charlotte for fun, food and games. And only 4 minutes from home. Not an inexpensive outing by any means, but you only live once. Before 5 has better deals on food,  you can buy game credits and get a better price on your meal. I usually stick with Goldfingers (chicken fingers) , unless i'm feeling adventuresome. We don't drink, so I can't comment on the bar. Plenty of TV's with sports on, if you're into that. I'm not. The games are fun if you're into that. I'm not. I watch my kid having a blast, and keep the card charged with enough credits to keep her playing. That's what it's all about for me.
2	Service was slow because of the crowd there to see the fight. Food was served lukewarm and it was difficult to get condiments or even napkins. Will have to give them another chance the next time I'm in Charlotte.
4	Good service and a good selection of games. But there were way more kids at this one than at others I have visited in the past.
4	We definitely had fun and enjoyed the fan. We will be back!
2	we decide to have our christmas party here for the enterteiment. i was so desagree the food the plates were expensive and not very good.  also they did let us play on the table pools because the have some kind of activity with few people over.
