4	I don't have dry cleanable clothes.  But my husband does!  We don't live in Chandler anymore but The Husband makes us drive all the way to chandler to use Oxford cleaners so they must be pretty good.
4	Located on the SE corner of the Kyrene and Rural intersection, in the main strip mall building, behind the Walgreen's.  At this time, the parking lot has been torn up, so be careful driving through there.I don't have a lot of dry cleaning done, but I've had a number of things done here at what I consider reasonable prices.  I've had things dry cleaned, a pair of pants taken in at the waist in the back, and my wedding dress dry cleaned here.  I had no problems - they all came out as expected.One time, I got a beet stain in a turquoise skirt.  They couldn't promise it would come out, but it did come out to where I can't see it.  I guess I got it in there fast enough, too!I'm only giving them 4 stars instead of 5 because I don't feel like they do anything particularly special.  It's more like 4.5 stars.  I've never gone price-shopping for dry cleaning - they are the closest place to my house.  It sounds like they are more expensive Avalon Cleaners.I wish they would let me return their hangers.  I haven't suggested that or tried to give them back, but they don't ask.
5	I have been going here for years after trying a number of other cleaners.  They do a great job here and are relatively inexpensive.  the staff are friendly and the owners are often in the store.  They will do a "reclean" when warranted and, this is the most important thing, they have never, ever lost anything.Note, they do a good job on ties.  It is not easy to find a place that handles ties well.In addition to clothes, Oxford has cleaned blankets, sleeping bags and down comforters for us.  All handled with aplomb.
5	So I love clothes and I hate to iron . . . so many of my work clothes go to the drycleaners!When we first moved to AZ I tried several and finally came across Oxford when I worked down the street. Now I work in Tempe and drive to Oxford to get my dry cleaning done! They do a great job and are priced right! Not to mention, they have great customer service!
4	Dry Cleaners are one of those businesses that you never know what you will walk into. It can be shady and dodgy, with some foreign lady that shouts at you or at an imaginary co-owner - you just never know. This place, on the other hand, looks professional and they act professional. This gives me peace of mind, and I chose this establishment due to their excellent reviews from my fellow yelpers. So far so good. But I do think they are a bit pricey. I don't dry clean that often to know what the going rate is, but it was more than I estimated. It could be worth it though, its not cheap being on top.
4	Always get good quality work done here, but not the cheapest in town for business shirts.
