4	We have visited many times and the service has always been great. The Kung Poa chicken is great. We keep trying new items and they are always very good.
4	I tried this place about a month ago, and have been back at least 4 times since. So glad to finally find a Chinese food place near my house that I love. When I call in an order for pick-up, the food is ready within 10 minutes and reasonably priced. I've never eaten inside the restaurant myself, but it seems nice. There are always a couple waitresses busy keeping the customers happy. It's a small interior, with about 10 booths and 6 tables (which could be pushed together to accommodate a larger group). Great wall is in the small strip-mall just South of Walgreens (which is at Williams Field Rd). Also in the strip-mall is Sherwin Williams and Little Caesers
4	I first tried Great Wall with a couple of friends of mine: one of whom had never really had Chinese food and one who was already a big fan of their food.With good reason.This place is awesome! The servers are nice and are right on the ball. The food doesn't take too long.And then, there's the food. Oh my God, the food is amazing!First off, the Happy Platter is so good and completely worth the $4.50. Especially the chicken skewers that char at your table while you eat the rest of the appetizer. The sizzling rice soup is also insanely good. The best part of their menu has to be the sesame beef, it honestly is the best in the Valley. The edges of each piece are crisp and crunchy while the center is tender and the sauce is perfectly tangy.I've been back a couple times already and can't wait to go again!
4	Best Chinese food in the East valley... that I've found so far.  This is now a regular take-out place for me and the girl
4	Since moving to the East Valley almost a year and a half ago, we were baffled by the fact that we had not been able to find a decent Chinese take-out joint. One place we tried was almost inedible, and the others were places that we would not visit a second time.Then we found this place. It was like finding a long-lost cousin. The food was very good. The prices were what you would expect. And the atmosphere was busy but very nice and comfortable.The wife prominently declared this as "Our Chinese Place." I seconded the motion and look forward to visiting "our Chinese place" quite often.
2	Nothing spectacular. I actually think Panda Express is better than this place.
5	Service is good and very quick.  The owner is always around and smiling.  Teriyaki chicken is fantastic and a large portion and beef brocolli is super tender.  Hot and sour soup is extremely flavorful and a must have to start every meal.
5	Whenever I'm craving for a good fried rice, I go to this place... If you like it spicy, make sure you ask for it... And you can ask them to add salted fish in it too... (not in the menu).... Yummy!!!
5	When we travel down to AZ to visit our friends, we usually end up trying new eateries... and this time was not any different. We were in the mood for some chinese food.. but not like Panda.. REAL chinese food.. and let's just say that I was pleasantly surprised! This place is located in a little strip mall so it can be easy to miss.. but you definitely have to try. Food was delicious and the service was great. Check it out.
2	I HATE to do this, as we've been here many, many times.  But the past two times we've ordered take out, there has been a little something extra in the meal...Mr. Hair.  It really sucks because the food is good and they have a Weight Watchers menu.  But hair twice in a row...can't go back.
5	Subtle flavors, broad menu and great service! Try the sizzling rice soup and the honey walnut shrimp! Amy and her husband have created a special place here!
1	The food was never great here. But now it's gotten WAY worse. Talk about dry and horribly bland Chinese food. Wow!
4	I visited for the first time a few days ago and I have to say I was pleasantly surprised. I have tried a ton of Chinese food places in the east valley over the last 2 years only to find most are no better than Panda Express and that isn't saying much. We ordered the Fried rice, Almond Chicken and Broccoli Beef.The Fried rice was your basic rice with peas and chicken and was good. The broccoli beef was also good. The Almond chicken was delicious! I had the perfect mixture of flavor. We will definitely go back! They were very friendly as well so that was also a plus.
5	You have to order the chicken rolls. There amazing and huge!!!
4	I like this place. Went with hubby and three hungry teenagers, I ordered two bowls of sizzling rice soup. It was delicious and portions were large. We ended up bringing half of it home. We ordered 5 entrees and 4 egg rolls.  The portions are very large & we have a lot of leftovers.Place was hoping on a Sunday night.We'll be back.
4	Came across this place because it is next door to the Little Caesars that we get our "Family Movie Night" pizza from. After a little of hesitation we decided to give this place a try. Long story short this place is great, a total diamond in the rough. We eat here at least 1x a week and the food is just like we like it every time..........good quality ingredients and consistent flavors. The portions are large and 2 can easily share 1 meal or pick two to try and then eat the left overs for lunch the next day!I wouldn't drive a long way to get here but I definitely suggest giving it a try if you are in the area......you can thank me later for the great suggestion! :)
4	I like this place. The staff is very nice and helpfull. The food is good and a decent price. The portions are large and I always have leftovers. I usually stop in every week or two. I like the lemon chicken and everything else. I've tried a bit of most of the menu.
4	We get take out often - it is always good & the order is always correct. Large portions so the prices are reasonable. Very friendly staff make you feel welcome - every time!
4	I will be going again.  Try the Moo Shoo pork, it is pretty bomb abd the portions are big!  Just what a fat guy likes!  We took it to go because the last time we were in, it was freakin' hot in there!  I am a big dog, so I don;t want to eat and sweat, it's kind of gross for others!  But seriously good eats for a good price....you here here now!
5	What can I say? If you want "GREAT" Chinese food, come to Great Wall in Gilbert. The staff is friendly and the restaurant has a nice neighborhood feel.
5	My neighborhood Chinese restaurant. Food is delicious and the portions are huge.
5	great wall has some of the best chineese in Arizona.  Since Big Wongs closed in down town Phoenix i have always searched for the best Walnut Shrimp and I think I have found it.  Amazing as well as all their rice and noodle dishes.
4	I am so happy that this place is in my neighborhood!  My husband and I get take out from here a couple of times a month and it's consistently delicious each time.  AND, the staff is super friendly, which I'm a huge fan of.We always get their dinners that come with soup, rice, spring roll and entree.  If you ask nicely, they will substitute a spring roll for the soup.  It makes me happy :)
1	The main ingredient is corn syrup. Allow me to explain -- my family and I visited this place about one hour ago. I was pretty excited, because apparently they produce something edible here on occasion, which is good because restaurants usually do that...right? Anyway, I was under the impression that it would be something that resembled New England/New York style Chinese food. Hah, nope. Well, we sat down, and after about 5 minutes or so the waitress passes out our menus. So far, so good. Takes about 10 minutes for her to come back to ask us what we'd like to eat. Also not bad, it's pretty busy for a Monday and we assume she's the only one working the front at this point, so there's no problem. 20 minutes later, after everyone else in the restaurant except us was served (that includes people that arrived well after us, with similarly sized orders, to boot) the waitress hands out the appetizer, chicken wings. They were reportedly quite good, but the complete dearth of drumsticks meant that we weren't exactly getting our money's worth. 20 minutes LATER, the actual food arrives, and by this point I'm wondering what the hell is going on. This is a Chinese restaurant, right? Call this stereotypical, but aren't Chinese restaurants supposed to have eerily quick turnaround times for their food? I thought to myself, "This is a friggin' paradox, a SLOW Chinese place?" So while I was happily engaged looking for a rip in the space time continuum (didn't find it, it's probably out back by the dumpster) my rations arrive. I ordered Szechuan Beef, my folks ordered shrimp and lobster sauce, Szechuan chicken, and what appeared to be donut holes with chicken in them. I'm so hungry at this point that the UN is unloading pallets of  emergency food aid into the parking lot, so I dig in expecting -- sugar? I take another bite. The sauce is SATURATED in a thick, syrupy, gloppy mixture of what is probably laundry starch and corn syrup mixed with a dash of soy sauce. It was so sweet it was unreal. Everyone else at the table was complaining about it in short order, and my granddad can't taste the lobster sauce. So looking down at my weirdly meaty dessert , it hits me: Oh yeah, I'm on a diet. So even if I enjoyed drinking straight corn syrup (as opposed to gay corn syrup, which is FABULOUS), this stuff was entirely off limits for me. Now I'm getting a bit pissed, and decide, after a bit of cajoling, to order some teriyaki beef, turning over the possibilities in my mind and wondering, "How do you mess up beef on a stick?" WELL BY GOD THEY PERSEVERED, AND LO, I BEHELD BEFORE MY VERY EYES: A candy coated strip of shoe leather. Pretty good for leather, but masquerading as beef is a bit harder. Well played, Great Wall. Oh, yeah, it took them another 20 minutes to get us the check once we were "done" (which mostly involved me staring at my plate looking forlorn and slightly constipated), but by that point I just didn't care.
5	This place totally fits the hole in the wall look but the food is amazing, my boyfriend and I often choose great wall to get our Chinese fix. The great wall chicken is beyond awesome :)
4	Very tasty Chinese food. Nothing fancy but the service is great and they got a good rating from the health department, what more do you want?
4	I would give this 4 1/2 stars if I could. The only reason I'm not giving it a full 5 stars is because I think the decor could be a little better. The food is one of the best take outs in the valley. Everything has always tasted great and fresh.The portions are humongous! My husband and I typically split an entree and can't even finish it. We've had: Lo mein dishes, Kung Pao, Sesame Chicken, Dynamite Beef, General Tsos, Spring rolls, and pot stickers - all have been excellent.
4	I have never ordered orange chicken before.   I mistakenly thought it was a spicy savory dish.    I didn't particularly care for the meal as I don't enjoy sweet chicken. But that is not to say the dish was bad, just not was I anticipated.    The chicken was quite tender, and I appreciate that they only just white meat.    The service was good and the portions are large.    I would be willing to try this place again.   Maybe next time I will try the lemon chicken.
4	This place has fabulous food and excellent service. Every time I have ordered carry out it is ready within 10 minutes. The portions are big and there is a wide variety of food options on their menu. I really like how friendly they are to their customers!
5	We've been enjoying the delicious food at Great Wall for years, and I have never been disappointed.  The owners and staff are incredibly welcoming and friendly - as a matter of fact, our kids have practically adopted Miss Amy into our family!  I love the Hunan Shrimp and the Great Wall Noodle Soup (the latter is my healing food of choice when I have a bad cold).  The portions are giant...you're practically guaranteed leftovers, unless you're a NFL linebacker!  Try out this awesome restaurant - you'll be supporting your local economy and you'll LOVE the great food!
4	This is my favorite place close to home for some quick takeout. As a family, we have eaten in the dining room a couple of times as well and we've always had a good experience. Fort take out or for dining in, the service is always friendly and fast.As for the food, my teenage son is a big fan of the fried meat won tons, and I love the salt and pepper calamari, either for an appetizer or entree. But my favorite dish is the pan fried noodles with beef. Keep in mind that the portions are pretty big, which is great for lunch the next day. We'll definitely keep coming back.
4	our go to place for chinese take out.
3	Reasonable family restaurant.  I visit about once a year. Food quality and price point do not get me there more often.
2	We got Pork Lo Mein, Chicken Lo Mein and Mongolion Beef. My Husband loved his Mongolian Beef (i have had better). My pork Lo mein was disgusting! My dad had the Chicken Lo Mein and he said it was good. The best part about the meal was the rice. That was actually good! But it came in a very small container. I will not go back here again. For $27 I can find better Chinese.
4	Nice little home style Chinese Restaurant. Great variety of dishes but they could add some authentic dishes. Great service and very friendly!
5	Tried this place for the first time. Wanted some authentic Chinese food vs generic Panda Express. Loved it. Everything was very flavorful. I would recommend this place to friends and I will definitely be back again.
4	the food, Hunan Beef,  is outstanding and the portions large.  best chinese in the neighborhood.  the decor is showing age including torn carpet and black electrical tape on the booths, some of which have been recovered.  this place is on its way to becoming one of the top Best Dives.  presently, however, it has too much class.  Enjoy!
4	Great food, and BIG portions!! I have tried the sweet and sour chicken, the orange chicken, and the Mongolian beef!! All of it was awesome and I would recommend them all!
4	Don't be fooled by the outside. My husband and I came for the first time today and we were surprised by how good the service and food was. We got the broccoli chicken and kung pao chicken, which was great. This is a place we will come back to.
5	I eat at Great Wall on a regular basis. The owner is always friendly and the staff makes sure you're taken care of when you dine in.We usually order take out, which is always ready if you all ahead. Dining in can be hard on a busy night - there usually aren't a lot of open tables.The food is terrific. I usually order orange chicken. The beef and broccoli and the Kung Pao shrimp and chicken is delicious. If you're in the east Valley, it's definitely worth the trip.
4	Classic Chinese fare served hot and fast! Me and my date went in and started with the sizzling rice soup and it was delicious. My date seemed to think the chicken was thin, but that was made up for with huge shrimp! Our appetizer was pot stickers and they were huge and tasty! Definitely recommend.For dinner I had the sweet and sour pork. I dislike mine small and crispy, I rather like them big and puffy, but the taste was good. Just a little crispy for my likes. There were plenty of veggies and pineapple, though. Really good. My date had the szechaun spiced chicken which was okay, but I don't really like my Chinese food spicy so I passed on that. We ordered some shrimp fried rice as well and it was a HUGE portion. You definitely get what you pay for here and it's all really good. I will definitely be returning!
5	this place was clean and great service to boot! The food was fresh and came to our table quickly. The menu was extensive and the prices were very good. We had the garlic chicken and spring rolls the veggie style. Nothing was greasy or overly cooked. the veggies with the garlic chicken had just the right amount of crispness to them still and the sauce was perfect! We would eat here again for sure!
4	Great food, unlike most Chinese around Arizona.They also serve Crab rangoon, not cream cheese puffs.
5	Um....stop wondering if this place is what you want, AND GO! When you drive up and walk in you're kinda like....ummmmm....SIT The staff was very friendly and fast. Felt like as soon as we ordered, food was flying out. It was all fresh and tasted amazing. I had to force myself to stop eating. This will be out spot!
3	Food was great! Service not really friendly. Bathrooms were horrid. The stars is based on the overall. I would just order take out from here.
5	Delicious! I've eaten inside the restaurant however I usually order take to go. They do not deliver which is a bummer. The food is always quick to come out and the service is always prompt and courteous. With large portions.
5	Great food!!! If you are looking for the best fried rice of your entire life go here. The service is good, but the food is the best part of the restaurant.
3	Food is ok, but they do not deliver.
5	This is our local small Chinese restaurant and we couldn't be happier.  When people come over spur of the moment we often order Amy's and get takeout.  Last week we took the family there with friends and were not disappointed.  Is my wife feeling a little sick... she orders me to Amy's for some soup to go.  We normally go for dinner where the portions are substantial, but we also recently visited for a late late lunch and enjoyed the lunch meals as well.Thank you Amy!
3	This was our first time and we werent "wowed".When we walked in, all of the booth benches had huge rips and masking tape holding them together. We sat dowb and the cloth napkins smelled like mold or undried laundry.The service was awesome, fast and friendly. Huge menu and reasonable prices. My husband loved the Mongolian beef but the fried rice had no flavor or veggies. My orange chicken wasnt crispy and was very strong in orange flavor but the chowmein i got as my side ($2 upcharge) was real good. Our potsticker appetizer came after our meal and was just ok. Very big but not super delish.
3	The Good- Service was very friendly and the food came out super fast. The food was good, but not great. Mongolian Beef was good and the amount of food for the money was pretty good. I could easily split one dish with someone and be full. If the service had been lousy, I would have only given this place 2 stars.The Bad- Some of the food was too oily. It tasted like they either used too much oil or they used old dirty oil... or both. Also, they don't deliver. In my opinion, every chinese restaurant like this should deliver. There is almost nothing better than chinese delivery.The Ugly- the decor is dreadful! I'm a fan of hole-in-the-wall/ dive type restaurants, but this one? not so much. It's decorated like a back woods, country diner or something. There are ugly fake flowers placed in weird spots, country type art on the walls and duct tape on some of the booths. The rooster themed curtain on the door seriously made me almost turn around and leave without even trying it. I will maybe give this place another shot, but only for take-out, unless they change the decor. or if they ever offer delivery, but... i found another chinese restaurant that delivers nearby and they were great, so....
5	The portions are great. Always have leftovers! I think that it is one of the best chinese restaurants i've been to in AZ. Definitely better than pei-way. If you are in the area. Do it.
2	My wife and I ate some food from here for take-out, we werent impressed.  OK, but I wouldn't order from here again. I'm not sure why it got such high reviews, we just moved here and this is the first Chinese place we've been to so maybe this is good for the area, I don't know. The entrees were reasonably priced, but the appetizers were overpriced.  $5-6 for crab puffs is way too much. My biggest complaint about the food is that in the Kung Pao Chicken we ordered the chicken wasn't the breaded and fried variety typical of american style Chinese food, and sauce wasn't very flavorful.  Maybe they are trying to be more authentic with the chicken, but the rest of the dish was your typical americanized Chinese, so there was a mismatch there.
1	This place was recommended by a friend, I must say, I was highly disappointed. I came with my family and we all had the same opinion of the food, which was "not very good". Their fried rice was just white rice cooked with soy sauce. Their crispy chicken was not crispy, but soggy. Sesame chicken was soggy as well and both reeked of vinegar, not appetizing. Although just a few dishes tried, I don't think we'll be coming back.
3	It depends what dish you get. I give their fried rice a 5 star rating.  Beef with oyster sauce (I think that was the menu name) 4 stars. Dumplings 3. Hot and Sour soup 5, Wonton 3, egg rolls 2. My expertise in Chinese food is that I grew up on home cooked Thai food and 40 miles outside of Chinatown in NYC. I think this is great "American style" Chinese food. I can find some of the dishes have too much vegetables and the spicy seasoning is moderate. I do think Great Wall has potential though.  Add a shredded beef with hot pepper sauce to the menu, diced chicken w hot pepper sauce. The menu doesn't have any shredded beef items.  Test these out as a special. I'm willing to stick it out w Great Wall--I know they can do it!! They also are friendly and customer service is great.
3	Delicious food at a good price.The serving sizes are very generous and will leave you feeling full.Since the serving sizes are very generous you can split a meal and each person will have enough to eat,very nice if you are a family on a budget!.I recommend the Kung-pow chicken,you can never go wrong with the Kung-pow.The inside of the restaurant is kept nice and clean and the staff is friendly.We have been eating here for years and will continue to do so.If you are looking for a nice small Chinese restaurant,then this is the place for you!.
5	The place looks a little divy when you pull up,  but that's pretty typical for a chinese restaurant.  I called and ordered dinner for my parents and me. They said it woild be ready in 10 minutes.  When I got  there it was ready as promised.  When I got home the food was very hot and could tell everything was freshly made. Crab Rangoons were delicious (think they called them crab or cheese puffs). I had the Crispy Chicken and my parents had sweet and sour chicken. We all were pleased! The portions are huge and we all had enough left over to each have another meal. Glad to have found a good Chinese place in Gilbert as I have just moved here and seem to only find Panda Express which I think is gross.
5	Portions were really big, we got the honey walnut chicken and the Kung Pao beef, both were really good! Would recommend them and get again. Ordered for take out and order was ready in less than 10 minutes, would go back again.
4	Good portion flavorful food best in Gilbert so far. Their hot and sour soup is to die for, my kids love their Orange chicken it's actually real chicken not just skin and batter with sauce. Every bite is real chicken. It may be a little more price wise as compared to other mom and pop Chinese placed but it's worth it because they put a lot of meat. Never try to cut corners whatsoever. Their vegetable Kung pao is a great option for vegetarians
5	Food is crazy amazing good. Chicken and vegetables, or the spicy version hun an chicken are awesome. Mongolian beef is great, moo shu pork wraps are really good. All appetizers are great. Friendly and nice people. Great prices. Take out is quick, dine in is great too.
4	Debating where to eat dinner that night, my family came upon this Chinese restaurant. At first I thought it was a pizza place because their advertisement deals outside the windows didn't apply to other chinese restaurants I've been to, until I looked above and it said 'Great Wall'.When I first walked in I just saw one customer. But as we got our orders and time passed by more people came in. Which I was surprised, as well as their food, it was pretty good!Our waitress was really nice. She served us Wonton Chips with the red sauce to munch on while we wait for our food.We ordered fried rice and orange beef but the ones I had scooping for more were these two:- Fried Calamari: It had a salty flavor which was delish!- Singapore Fried Rice Noodles: A lil kick of heat, wow really good!I do want to come back and order those two as take out next time.
4	This place has to on my top 3 of Chinese spots to eat, if your in the East Valley don't hesitate to try.I got Shrimp Fried rice, those shrimps are bubba's and very tasty. The Orange Chicken is very good and I don't like a lot of batter so it made it that much more better and crispy.It's an overall great place, clean restrooms, fast service, very very nice and professional servers. The only thing is that if you get an appetizer, scarf it because your food will follow quickly, ha!Enjoy!
