5	Just got home from my 2nd visit to Indulgence head 2 toe and felt the NEED to write a review and inform the people of Scottsdale about this gem! Such a wonderful salon! I have gotten both my nails and toes done here and have been 100% satisfied! On both occasions I saw Tawnya (the salon owner) and would highly recommend her for anyone looking for a high quality and very creative pedicure! I am going on my 3rd week with the same pedicure and absolutely no sign of chipping! You can usually find me running around my classroom, bouncing around in Jazzercise or stretching in yoga so my pedicures usually have a short life span which is why I am so impressed with this place! I have seriously never had a pedicure last this long! Not only do they provide awesome services but the nail techs and stylists are super warm and welcoming! I love the vibe when you walk in the door. Everyone says hi and you feel like you are hanging out spending the afternoon with all your girlfriends. I don't know why it took me so long to start going here since it is in such a prime location (Scottsdale promenade) but I will definitely be a returning customer!
5	Indulgence is such a welcoming salon - everyone I have ever met who works there is friendly and fun to talk to. I have been going to Tawyna for over 4 years and not once have I left unsatisfied! She always does her best to make sure that you are comfortable while she does your nails and always has great new ideas for stylish toes. Ask her for the stained glass (it's my favorite) or the piggies (she'll put googly eyes on them!). I have been going to Lindsay M. for waxing for the past year or so and she is the best. Such a nice, bubbly girl: I never hurt as much when I go to Lindsay because we are always laughing! She does an excellent job on shaping my eyebrows and makes quick work of even the hairiest areas.
5	Indulgence Head 2 Toe is my one stop salon to get everything I need done to look fabulous. The salon itself is very trendy (they just repainted the walls to look like bricks that have been graffitied) and they sell really cute clothes and accessories too.I've been seeing Tawnya since 2005 and I love her dearly. She always gives me a great manicure or pedicure (I can't even name all the designs I've gotten on my toes over the years) and she keeps her stations very clean and sanitized. She's a lovely person to chat with and I always look forward to getting a treatment done. I've been seeing Lindsey for a few years now for waxing, and it's the most painless waxing experience I've ever had. I've never been left irritated and she does a great job on my eyebrows. She's also totally adorable and very sweet. I've heard that she does great facials, and I've been dying to get one. Curtis cuts my hair and he always does a great job. He is the most down to earth stylist ever, and he always listens to what I want done and executes it perfectly. Everyone who works at Indulgence is wonderful, and I'd recommend all of them!
5	Having recently moved here from NJ and having to find all new people, I was a bit nervous to try a new spot....but I am so glad that I did.I walked in with horrible eyebrows, was in the midst of trying to repair the damage another salon had done to them and Lindsey fixed them!  I have never had such neat, well defined but not too thin eyebrows.  She's the one!!!!  I will never, ever let anyone else touch my eyebrows again.  Love, Love, Love them.
5	I'm visiting from outta town and I was in desperate need of waxing so I called one of my girlfriends and she referred me to Lindsay. Let me just say this girl is amazing. I was lucky there was a cancellation so she was able to get me in the next day. I should say I am VERY particular about those I trust when it comes to waxing.. and she did not disappoint. She was nice, quick and got the job done with minimal MINIMAL pain. If I am ever in the Valley of the Sun and need a waxing I know who to call.
5	After spending more than 2 hours this morning trying to get an  appointment to get my hair done, I found this unbelievable gem!! My appointment was with Julia and she worked magic!!! Not only did she take me on such short notice, she listened to what I was looking for and she delivered!! I walked in a tired housewife and walked out a sexy 30something!!!I will definitely be coming back here!!!
5	I ended up going by here because I thought they were opened on a Monday; turns out I was wrong, but one of the salon stylists was there and very nicely said I may find the Owner, Tawnya next door at Nutrition Head 2 Toe because she and her husband, Vince owned that store too.  I went over but Michelle had just taken a group into a boot camp class.  I did get to talk with Vince who was so pleasant and easy to talk to.  He even tried to call her cell while she was in the class which I told him not to disturb here.  Anyway, she called me back that same night after she got home from a full day at work (like 8:30 pm) talk about great client or potential client communication!  She scheduled to do a pedicure for me.  I had read on Yelp about her creative style and that cannot be denied.  She painted a stained glass look using different polishes on my nails (it took a long time) but she looked like she was enjoying her work and who doesn't love a pedicure.  She also did a soak off gel manicure and used glitter on them.  Glitter is the best.  Looks so cool but not too over the top.  I'm only in Scottsdale for a few months but I can tel ll you back home in Massachusetts, they don't have this glitter stuff yet.  The west coast is always ahead of the east (style wise).  I haven't had my hair done there so can't comment on that, cut can say Tawnya is the sweetest person.  She is a pro bikini fitness competitor and I'm a figure competitor so we shared some stories.  It's great to talk with someone who shares your passion for fitness (exercise, eating, rest) and so on.
