1	This place was my worst nightmare.  Seriously.  As I was checking out on my last day of stay on a 4th of July weekend, I was thinking to myself that someone should be at the front door with a briefcase full of cash saying, "Congratulations!  You made it for 3 whole days!  This was all just a big joke/game show!"  But unfortunately, that was not the case.Roaches, bodily fluids, feces, dog/cat urine, broken glass, rattling and not-so-cold A/C unit, moldy smells, exposed electrical, dirty pool, broken concrete pieces in whirlpool, nasty shower, key card access failure, rude staff.  This sums it up.  AND, sorry to say, this was not based on my room alone.  We reserved TWO rooms... and asked to be moved into two other rooms because the first two were disgusting.  The second two were equally as gross.  Management actually gave us the opportunity to view several rooms until we found two others that we were comfortable with.  Needless to say, after viewing over twelve other rooms, they were all as disgusting as the first one.  July 4th weekend and they were running at 10% capacity... most of the hotel was empty, and they stated that almost 40% of their rooms were not able to be viewed because they were 'out of commission'.  Who knows what was going on in those rooms!!Each floor had it's own disasters, and the elevators acted as if the cable was going to break... no emergency phone in the elevator, no license or inspection paperwork either.  I considered taking the stairs, but the access cards worked only when they wanted to and I feared of being trapped inside a stairwell for several days due to there only being 2 staff members onsite for the whole motel.  Yes, Motel, this is no longer a hotel which was once Sheraton FourPoints, Sheraton stripped their name off of it and now this place is at best a "men's bathhouse".  The only reason we didn't leave and go somewhere else is because as I said, it was 4th of July weekend, and we had our mini-dachshunds with us... there were no other hotels in the area allowing pets that had any vacancy.  We spent every minute we could outside of the hotel doing other things... we were disgusted to sleep on the beds and brought in our own blankets.  Everything was covered in sticky something or other, which I can only imagine was bodily fluids and soda.The restaurant/bar that they show in their photos online are not operational.  We were shocked to know that that half of the lobby was closed down.  No food, no drinks, and their vending machines were all broken.  Their sad excuse of a latte machine spit out powdered milk and water... not even coffee.  The pool area was not only extremely dangerous with all the broken concrete everywhere, but infested with wasps.  great combo- kids in pool + wasps.  awesome.  All of their 'complimentary' pool towels were dirty (folded, but dirty), and had what looked like urine stains all over them.  Gross!!This motel is also in a really sketchy area that is not safe to walk around at night.  We kept checking our vehicle to see if it had been broken into.  That entire "circle/loop" of shopping is a joke.  The mall was maybe 25% occupied.  Not a single department store was left, all the businesses just simply barred up.  Walking into that mall felt like I was in an episode of the walking dead... just a few random people hanging out to get some A/C, with a Payless, Cinnabon, RadioShack and of course a bunch of asian and mexican shops selling a bunch of crap - stores that you would never see at an inside mall, rather a bazaar.  Luckily, right across the street was a really shady pool hall with really strong, cheap drinks -- so you can drink enough to forget about how nasty the bed you are going to be sleeping in is...
3	You get what you pay for. I stayed here two nights in September of 2013. I did not find it to be disgusting. The big problem for us was the AC didn't work well enough, so it was hard to sleep. The pool and hot tub were in decent condition. There is a really pretty stained glass window in the lobby. The surrounding area is kinda sad, but that's not the hotel's fault. I don't know the city so I picked this place based on the price and it's proximity to an in-and-out burger. The hotel really needs to be refurbished, but what's the point? I would probably not stay here again
3	This place isn't bad at all. It is not a 5 star hotel or anything like that but it was clean and worth the price. I will definitely stay here again when I am in town if the price is the same.
1	my boyfriend and I stayed here over night October 8th for a concert and it was gross! the room reeked of cigarette smoke and mold although it was a non smoking room. we called the desk and complained but they did nothing. we were stuck there.  the hair dryer didn't work and there was no iron.  we couldnt sleep at all because of the smell. we were too tired to change rooms.  oh and there was water leaking out of the bathroom walls...
3	It is now called the Metro Plaza Hotel.  We had two rooms and stayed there for five nights.  It wasn't bad. Although we did not use the pool, Jacuzzi or the exercise room. The place is in renovation. Only one hall of one floor had rooms for customers available. Our rooms were quite satisfactory. The front desk staff was friendly enough. There is no restaurant open. Although they offer some type of buffet breakfast for an extra charge, but we declined. We got the rooms through a discount service so the price was more than acceptable. They said that if we extended our stay they would honor the discount price.   However they charged us the full rate which was more than double the discount price for our extended day, because I didn't have the original voucher in hand at the moment I extended. When I showed them the voucher later in the day they gave me a receipt which showed that they had refunded The difference to my credit card. However for 10 days my credit card activity showed no refund. Finally on the 11th day the refund appeared.  The area around the hotel certainly is in decline, with many vacant buildings and shops. However there is a great Chinese buffet right next door, and lots of other choices for eats and drinks nearby.   We had business downtown, and it was a short drive to the end of the light rail line and free park-and-ride service, so we did not have to pay the outrageous parking fees downtown. As I said before the hotel is in total renovation. It should be quite alright when it is finished. Our stay was fine, and worth the price.
1	The girl maria at the front desk hates white people!! I was parked in their parking lot when i finished the bronco game across the street and i desperately had to go to the bathroom, she would"nt let me use it since i wasnt a guest!!!  and then she argued with me and threatened to call the cops when i asked her for her managers number to complain! advice- get security to patrol yer parking lot for yer guest!! and  take a customer service class OR look for a new job! she does not fit well for COLORADO TOURIST WHO LOVE THE BRONCOS!!!  bad bad bad for yer pretty hotel..do not stay here to any body from colorado!!!
4	The Metro Plaza Inn is what this place is actually called. Stayed here over 5 years ago and it's not bad at all. Don't expect to get a resort when you're only paying under $90. Not sure why all the negative reviews but the older gentlemen that took my information down upon arriving was nice and gave me the information for a buffet breakfast and if you pay before hand you save $2.The rooms are ok, clean to me, yes some of the furniture is aged but they have comfortable beds and hot shows. The rooms have space.It states they were a Four Points from Sheraton (many years ago) behind the room door, but the last time I was here it wasn't the metro plaza hotel or Four Points.It's near restaurants and some nightlife, as well as close to the 17 Freeway.Might return.
