5	Yes, I know-5 stars for a fast food restaurant, but I swear, this place deserves it.When I was a kid, it was always a treat to walk by the Chik-Fil-A in Metro Center and be lucky enough to get a sample of their delicious chicken, and would feel even luckier to have money in my pocket to buy a sandwich from here.Well, my man had never eaten at this chain, and since we had a very long road trip home ahead of us, we decided to have an early lunch here on our way out of town.This is not cheap fast food. It is high quality stuff-juicy chicken, fresh ingredients, nice fruit cup (including strawberries) for an alternative to fries. The cleanest bathroom I have ever seen, people coming to our table to offer up drink refills, asking if we were pleased with our meals, etc. One reason I like them is that they don't put mayo on their sandwiches!!!This is a "Christian" business. Closed on Sundays, not sure of the politics, but interestingly enough, the only Bay Area location is in Fairfield...A definite place to try as an alternative to all the regular fast food chains-and to know there is delicious, fresh and moderately healthy food....
4	Ok I think the only reason I am reviewing a fast-food joint is to get my review numbers higher ;)With that said, this place was pretty darn good!I have lived in AZ for 2 years now, and neither my boyfriend or I had gotten into a chik-fil-a. So after a long flight last night, we went through the drive-through for some quick dinner.Wow! I was impressed! Quick, efficient, and very friendly service. All white chicken, cooked to perfection (who woulda thought?) and the fries were so much fun!! They gave us a ton of different sauces, and my boyfriend made fun ot me for telling them it was our "first time" eating there. We both got their GIANT chocolate shakes... I would have liked it to be a little bit more chocolate-y. Everything was good though. After the deluxe sandwich and fries, I couldn't even get halfway through the shake.Would go again if I was craving fast food!
5	Hello, this is your self professed Chick-fil-A *ADDICT* speaking :) I have been hooked on the stuff since I was a teen. Back then, we'd walk past the only one that was near us, in the Paradise Valley Mall, and we'd happily gobble up nuggets from the tray of "free samples" outside. We were broke stoner kids yet none of the employees ever hassled us. Very cool. It's been 18 years and I'm still as in love with it (no, probably MORE!). Biggest difference is that I'm no longer a malcontent & I have money to pay for my nuggets :) LOL! Oh the other big difference though... I no longer live in Arizona where Chick-fil-A's are a dime a dozen! And so, I must drive long distances to get my treats. As this is the case though, I have been to many CFA locations all over both California & Arizona. They are typically always nice establishments, well taken care of full of good employees. This location in Peoria however, is extra special somehow. One of the main reasons I believe? Leo. Leo Lichter is the owner of this location (and I believe the Metro one also?) He's a friendly face who I always saw busting his tail behind the counter in MetroCenter and when I come to this store I still see him doing it here, years later, even though his employees are close at hand already doing the same thing. I have never seen this man without a smile or kind greeting. He TRULY cares about his store, his employees and his patrons. You can just TELL. The quality of food here is better because of all this, even though CFA never sucks. As the first poster said, there is always someone coming to your table offering to refill your drink... the fruit cups are always fresh & tasty, the sweet tea never TOO sweet nor too watered down. Yes, I always come to this location several times during my trip when I'm back in town visiting the folks. And I always look forward to seeing Leo & his crew of very polite friendly employees, knowing I am eating good food in a clean well cared for environment :)Oh I almost forgot... in case you didn't know Chick-fil-A is ALWAYS closed on Sundays. It's a rule instituted by Truett Cathy, the man who started the business. This is just another thing I love about the place. Staying true to who you are & adhering to your religious beliefs. God Bless it! :)
4	Chicken strips... good. Buffalo sauce... good. Sweet tea... good! I love the uber-cheery staff, super easy and tasty menu, and those two pickles on the original chicken sandwich.
5	Totally a fan.  Great food, much better than any other fast food chicken place.  Healthy options.  Caters to kids, no small task there!  Love this place.  Great coupon policy too, they take expired coupons and multiple ones.  Buy their calender in Dec. it will save you a lot of money.  BTW they use real whole chicken breast.
5	Greatest Chick-fil-A EVER!  They get really busy for lunch and such but it always feels like I'm in and out of there fast.  They have all kinds of sauce like all Chick-fil-As but this one has them all outside.  You could feel free to stock up and not feel weird asking for more sauce.  OK now this is the greatest part about this Chick-fil-A.  Are you ready for it?  It is the Chick-fil-A Guy.  This guy is awesome.  His greeting is awesome.  Makes the place seem so magical and whimsical.  You may be asking yourself "how do I know I've been attended by the Chick-fil-A Guy?" well trust me.  You'll Know!  I love you Chick-fil- A Guy!
5	Incredible service, so clean and friendly! Thanks for helping weary travelers!
4	New spicy chicken sandwich rocks!  They started taking orders in person at the drive-thru during lunch time rush to push customers through quicker.  This place is always clean, and the service is beyond any other fast food place.  Plus all sandwiches are under 500 calories!  Oh and the lemonade here is heaven, not that crap you get in the fountain machines at normal places.
5	Incredible service...  From taking your order at the counters to asking you if you want a refill when you look like you are finished and ready to go.  Love it!  The quality of the food is always consistent and delicious chicken.
5	I love this restaurant. You can get fast food, without being treated like you're eating at a fast food restaurant. There are live, growing flowers on every table, free wi-fi, impeccably kept restrooms and dining area, little cups of cheerios to keep small fry entertained while waiting for meals, the list goes on and on.Every Wednesday is family night, with a different entertainer like a baloon artist (who won't accept tips), a magician, and others.They help out local schools with fundraising nights and accept any coupon, expired or not.These are just a few of the reasons that this place deserves five stars.Amazing(they also do online ordering. How cool is that?)
5	I eat here way, way too often. At first I didn't think anything of it. "A place that only sells chicken? Stupid". But alas, they came out with the spicy chicken and it changed my life. Literally, as good as it gets. Always fast and friendly. Even though I'm rating 5 stars, I do have to say, there are two major complaints I have. I really hope the staff and managers read this. 1) STOP telling me it's your pleasure after every time I say thanks. I know it's not "your pleasure" because you are all forced to say it. Pretty much takes the courtesy out of it. 2) Hire some brown people, jesus christ. Every food place hires mexicans except you guys? You expect me to believe that no mexicans have applied? I feel like I'm showing up to a klan meeting when 100% of the people there are white, in ARIZONA!
5	I really wished we had one in Vegas, but maybe that's why it's much more delicious since we don't have it. I am a sucker for their nuggets....yum! The only thing about this place is that it is closed on Sundays. BOO and we have to go up to the counter for refills. BUT really who can resist some waffle fries dipped in a variety of dipping sauces? YUMMY!  Service is always good and every Chick fil A I've been to is clean. Yay for good chicken and fries! PS. Try the soft ice cream...that's pretty delicious too!
4	It's Good, it's clean and the service just plain amazing for a fast food joint! My favorite item off the menu is the grilled chicken garden salad. Second fav is the spicy chicken sandwich. I'm addicted to the waffle fries. They actually taste like a potato! I know, crazy huh?  My kids love it, I like it so here we are.
5	I love this place. I'd go here every single day if I could afford to. The staff here is ALWAYS super friendly and always eager to help you with anything. The food here is superb, and always fresh :). The fries and milkshakes here are orgasmic. I can't think of anything wrong with this location. I'd reccomend this to anyone:)
4	Man I love a good chick-fil-A sandwich! The secret is to put the Polynesian sauce on the sandwich! Mmm-mm good! This Chick-fil-A is a really nice and neat location and it has a really cool kids area! (in its own room so noise is at a minimum) Give it a try! Not open Sundays!
5	Dooooooooode,I'm in love with this place,Absolutely the best customer service you could ever ask for.The food is delicious, fresh and just yummy in general.I go here as often as possible.They have the best fries! The best grilled chicken sandwiches! And I love their honey mustard barbecue sauce, I find myself eating like 7 or 8 packets of that stuff.Anyhoo, the only bad thing is the parking, it's always takes like 5 minutes to park and sometimes it's really packed when you go inside, it's really crowded.But that's what you get with good food:)
5	This  place has a great employee . Everyone is so friendly and clean. They are always clean , working,&  smiling . It a great place to take your family it way better than taking them to Burger King or any fast food place . Our food was good and the sweet tea .
5	If they had a Chick-fil-A in Vegas, I would definitely be a regular.  I love this place and just about everything on the menu is worth trying!
5	Always fast service, hot food, friendly service!
5	The best fast food anywhere!  These chicken sandwiches are addictive.  I love the family atmosphere.  Great place!
4	Pretty Awesome place! It's very difficult to hide the label: FAST FOOD, but i think chic-fil-a does a pretty good job trying. The place is always clean and the service is really nice by everyone working there. I don't really go to places like this, but this was a warm welcome! Go here if you want a "healthier" alternative to most fast food places while not giving up taste, quality, and service
5	where do they find the people to work here?they are always top noch.  Well done  dudes.
5	Food and service were spot on. Well trained employees!
4	Love this place. It is one of my favorite lunch destinations. The staff is always sweet to the point it almost hurts your teeth! You can tell customer service is a top priority. My only complaint is that they have the slowest drive thru in the world. Once sat for 26 minutes in the drive-thru. You can't exactly leave it is taking too long either. I gotta say the food is so good though it is worth the wait. Try the honey roasted BBQ. Delicious!
5	There is no greater fast food restaurant than Chick Fil A. As a guy who's eaten at a lot of fast food restaurants over the years, I can say this without question. I used to eat their scrumptious chicken nuggets at their old location at Metrocenter mall when I was little, and I have had a love for their food ever since. If you love chicken as much as I do, you will be hard-pressed to find a better recipe. They know how to prepare chicken better than anyone. The use of peanut oil to fry their chicken makes it healthier and much less greasy than their competitors. Throw in a fantastic mix of herbs and spices, incredible waffle fries, a wide variety of condiments, and homemade lemonade, and you have yourself the most fantastic meal you'll ever get at a fast food establishment. Whether you go for one of their sandwiches, the nuggets, or the breakfast items, the chicken is without equal. LOVE LOVE LOVE this place!
4	If anyone was ever been to Chick-fil-A, you'll notice a few things..1.  How incredibly polite their employees are "Hi, how may I serve you today?"2.  How good the food is3.  How polite they remain...We had lunch here this past weekend and once again a very nice young tween took our order with a smile from ear to ear.  I paid, and shortly our food was ready to go.   I like to eat mayonnaise with my chicken nuggets while my girlfriend eats a mixture of their chick-fil-a sauce and the Polynesian sauce.  It's good, trust me..    The place was packed, so my girlfriend stood to scope out a table when one would be available.  She found it.  We sat in the most perfect spot for people watching.. I love to people watch. I could do it all day.Funny moment though...One of the employees dropped one lonely nugget on the ground and for ten minutes, we sat and watched people walk over this one nugget.  The employee that dropped it stepped over it.. (not exagerating) 8 times.  He kept looking at us like "What??"  ...we just grinned.  It was fun.  Finally he picked it up.Good place, good food, good times.
1	I heard so many good things about Chick-fil-A, so I had high expectations.  I got a grilled chicken sandwich and it was soggy and flavorless. The food was disappointing, but the staff were nice and the tables were clean.
5	The new grilled chicken nuggets are to die for!!!
5	As soon as I walked through the door I was greeted with a warm friendly smile and hello! As packed as this location is I was surprised at how fast my order was filled. The chicken deluxe was the best sandwich I have had in a long time. you can tell that the smiles are genuine and they are truely greatful for my patronage.
5	Great food and fast friendly service.  Try the Grilled Chicken Club.  It is so juicy no condiments are needed.
5	Great food and service. Including breakfast. Clean and well run with staff that seems to care about their customers.
5	If you like chicken this is the place
5	Great food. Great service. Friendly staff. There's nothing like the original sandwich!
5	Fast food.....that is quality.....and the BEST customer service you will ever get. The incredible chicken and lots-of-fresh-veggies-in-this-side-salad would be enough to keep me coming back.  But it's that "Welcome to Chick-fil-A!" and genuine smile that makes me want to tell all my friends about this place.On a side note, the bathrooms and premises are always sparkling clean, making you actually want to sit down and enjoy a meal on premises.
5	Always the best chicken in town! Love that their French fries are prepared on a dedicated fryer making great for me being gluten free. If the drive through line is long I just park and go in for quick service. All the staff are extremely friendly.
2	I have had some good experiences at this Chick-fil-A, but I have had a couple bad experiences that I seem to remember more.To say something positive about the restaurant, the employees certainly are very pleasant and polite. It is actually pretty surprising for a fast food type place.However, I ordered from the drive-thru a few nights ago with my wife and we both ended up feeling awful after eating their food. All I know is that it will be a long while before we are willing to give Chick-fil-A another chance.
1	One pickle? Received a calendar for Christmas from my mother-in-law....you receive one free item per month. January was the chicken sandwich. I have never eaten at chick-fil-a but one pickel? Tasty chicken but dry sandwich. Most of the rest of the months are free soda...should be safe there.
4	Great location, always busy. Food is consistent. Manager is great always helpful, not afraid to actually get in there and work. Team is always smiling. They have all of there sauces out where you can pick out what you need, a big plus compared to others I have been too. They have balloons for kids!
5	Had a great breakfast good location close to the hotel I stay at and shopping
4	You can't Possibly say anything bad about the restaurant it's clean the food is fresh and it's simple it's chicken a bun And a Pickle but it is one of those things that you will crave every once in a while nothing bad to say
3	We stopped going to this Chick-Fil-A.  The owner told us that they didn't have time during lunch (and we got their early) to make our Wrap sandwiches without any chicken or cheese, as we request them.  The staff used to make them for us on previous occasions and they were very gracious to do so.  The staff here really is sweet, therefore, we were shocked by the owners response to our order.  We gave up meat and dairy two years ago to get healthier and it didn't mean giving up going to our favorite restaurants.  We just modify our choices wherever we go and most places are very accommodating. People that want to eat unhealthy have the right to order the fried chicken sandwich, fries, etc. and those of us that care about our vascular system and not having Crestor prescribed to our children at age ten, have the right to order to fit our lifestyle too.
4	Very Yummy Spicy Cgicken Sandwich cole slaw was very tasty good service a little pricey but worth it!!
5	Yup
5	Just love this place!
2	Had a rather unpleasant experience with the service and food at this location. Usually Chick Fil A has good service and fresh food, but this location was lacking of those. Yes, they were busy but there is no reason for a cashier to give an attitude to a customer. After I asked politely to change my drink order, the female cashier shouldn't have rolled her eyes. I guess service in Phoenix is going down....Lastly, fries weren't fresh or warm. Big disappointment. This location lost our business!
4	I had never been to a single Chick-fil-A until recently. Now I understand what the hype is about. Oh my word, those chicken sandwhiches are so flipping good. Yes I know the owner has been in the news and I won't go into all that as I do not share his views, but I will say the food is delicious. This particular location is ALWAYS packed, no matter what time you go. You would swear they were giving away food the way people are lined up (literally) Oh and the milk shakes,  good grief. The fatty mcfatty in me cannot get enough of them. So delicious. See now my mouth is drooling already.
5	hands down one of the best 'fast food' spots.Breaded and grilled chicken are both great, salads are some of the best as well.It sits beside In N Out which is also crazy good.Employees are some of the nicest and bathrooms are some of the cleanest.Only downside is how packed it gets, the whole intersecition and mall is crazy crowded.
5	Awesome service & it's always my go to fast-food choice. Chicken is always crispy as are the fries.
5	Always crowded, always delicious, always closed on Sunday.Hands down the best tasting, juiciest and yummiest chicken nuggets ever. Dipped in Chick-fil-a sauce, and I'm happy! Not a fan of their waffle fries...never have been, never will.This place is always busy, no matter when you come...because all the food is made fresh to order. Well worth the wait. Just tried their fresh squeezed lemonade with Splenda and it is soooo good!
4	Pretty much anything is good, today I decided on the grilled chicken club :)Was not disappointed, usually the bacon is a little bit flavorless, but today is was delicious. The lettuce was not soggy (which is surprising because they do not use iceberg) and the tomato (which i always remove one) was pretty good too.
5	This is a great restaurant. Staff is very helpful, food excellent and very clean. Always have a great experience here.
4	Employees are always a pleasure to talk to. They go out of their way to help you. It's refreshing to stop by and see people happy to help you and go above and beyond for you. I truly enjoy stopping by. Food is amazing and service always makes it better.
5	it's great we loved it
5	I love the food here. I came to this location and the line was a mile long; they handled it so well, that I was through it, with food on hand, faster than it takes a Starbucks to make me a Frap! The service is always good and everyone seems to always be in a great mood here. I recommend the original chicken sandwich with extra pickles.
5	Best Chick Fil A ever, staff are very friendly and attentive, food is great, and they have their delicious variety of sauces out there for you and you can take as many!
