3	Trent Park is a large complex that's home to a picnic area, kiddie play area, and the Las Vegas Sports Park. This review, however, is mainly for the kiddie area.My three year old son was getting tired of the other spots we usual hit up, so we ventured to Trent park one Saturday. They've got a standard set-up: one area for toddlers and another for bigger kids. The bigger one has swings, slides, bridges... the kind of stuff you'll find at most parks to keep rugrats busy. The biggest selling point for this play area is that it's in a huge sand box. So, if you're coming here with the little ones you might want to pack up their shovels, rakes, and buckets so they can dig and make sand castles. Of course, that also means that they're going to make a big mess and their clothes will be full of sand when they're done.I'm not sure if they have a water feature. There was a small area with elephant statues that may be a splash pad during the summer. I dunno.There were plenty of picnic tables, each with their own BBQ grill. Several of the tables are covered and have signs that said you can call to reserve a table.I didn't check out the sports complex, but they've got outdoor soccer fields, batting cages, a paintball field (check out www.lvpp.net), and tennis courts. I'll have to come back to see what's inside the complex.3 Stars. Again, that's mainly for the kiddie area.
3	This is a lovely park that I've driven by but never stopped at until today when I went to the Farmer's Market there.  The facilities were very clean and I saw several families having sandwiches and enjoying the late afternoon.I also saw the Angel Park Trailhead for bikes and walkers.  Now I know a different way I can ride in this area and be off the sidewalks and away from traffic.This isn't the same as having a picnic at Spring Mountain Ranch, but if you're staying in the city, this would be a fine place to gather your family.
4	My son loved it here, everyone else already wrote about how giant it was and so on so I wont repeat. We will be returning for sureskiies!
3	This park is known for the bootcamp classes taught here, and for the Farmer's Market, too! Other than that, it's just a small park. The kids seem to like it here, though my dog-child (it's really a dog) seems to dislike this place a little. I think it's because there are more interesting smells in Red Rock than here, so he gets bored here. Anyway.Alone, this park is meh. But you can take the trail that connects it to the giant Kellogg-Zaher one a bit away, and then to the other one behind the Kmart, and it's a huge trail. It's awesome that way. There is not a place for dogs here, I don't think, though I never spend more than a few minutes here before heading to the trail.
4	I really like this park.  I visited the park 3 or 4 times a week prior to my move across town, and I miss the amenities.  With newly renovated tennis courts, batting cages, and an indoor soccer facility there are a ton of activities.The farmers market is nothing to get excited about in my opinion.  There are only a few vendors and none of them are memorable.
4	This is a good park with a large kids play area, and a lot of grass and picnic areas. My kids enjoy this park. This is also where they regularly hold a farmers market.
3	Came here to sit by a near tree at a bench. Weather was nice today. Breezy and wasn't busy either. Sitting in the shade was great ! I believe this park has 2 tennis courts, and some other fields but i didn't really check out the entire park. May be a little noisy from the traffic of cars on rampart but not too bad.
