4	-This store is located on the West side of the street, sort of behind the Burger King...not to be confused with the "Goodwill Furniture" store located further north on Scottsdale Rd.-Clean Goodwill store. Well-lit. Friendly employees.-TONS of clothing and a whole wall with newer fashion jewelry.-It seems like everything that would normally be $1.99 at other Goodwill stores was $2.99 here...knik-knacks, games, plates, etc...$2.99.-Furniture was average priced...some pieces were overpriced compared to other Goodwill stores.-Convenient parking.-I'm a fan of Goodwill Thrift Stores! This one isn't too bad.
5	i LOVE goodwill...or my goodwill. 2 locations to shop near us...the renovated home goods goodwill on the east side of scottsdale road near oak street, and the new goodwill on the west side of scottsdale road near mckellips. almost all my work clothes are from here....khaki and polos....and they look pretty good. just a good toss in the washing machine and clothes are good to go. they have racks and racks of good clothes...you just have to spend a little time to filter through the items. of course, they have great items/clothes for parties, mud runs, halloween, etc. books, knick knacks, ties, belts, sheets, everything. great place!
4	When I walked into this Goodwill, I wanted to cry.Tears of joy that is.You see, I used to live in AZ and would always frequent the "old" Goodwill north of this one on Scottsdale Road. So when visiting this past week, I asked my friend if we could go. She gave me the bad news that the old one had turned into a furniture only Goodwill but there was a new one.I frowned as sometimes, I am not good with change.But then we pulled up to this one and I could have sworn at one time Ty Pennington was there for Extreme Thrift Store Make Over Edition with people in the background screaming "MOVE THAT BUS!!!!"Why?Because this Goodwill is frickin pimped out!I was in sensory overload when I walked in thanks to the row upon rows of clothings, brick brack, books and more. Clothes were very organized and in order and after a few minutes of pawing around, I finally got a dressing room and everything fit. Can we say success? Yeah, the clothes seemed a little overpriced compared to other thrift stores I've been to around the country. But I guess when I get a compliment on my new-to-me Express top complete with all the rhinestones, I can say I got it in Scottsdale with an air of confidence.
2	So a little background information I'm from Indiana/Kentucky and I've been to numerous Goodwills throughout those 2 states.  This one is exactly DOUBLE the price of the stores out east.  All dresses here are $10 and they were always and I mean always $5  where I'm from, even amazing glitterama dresses.  I have one such dress that I bought that I could probably easily sell for a few hundred dollars if I fix the small tatter at the bottom.  Granted there were never any sales back home just a great value everyday of the week, which I prefer over madhouse shopping on 50% off days which is actually just bringing you to the fair price that most every other Goodwill in America charges (I can't speak for California).  Which brings me to the question, Why does the Valley try to scam poor or poorer people so much?  I break it down to supply and demand.  There are just so many people on a shoestring budget that they are able to bring up the prices the demand is so great for thrifty items.  It is a little out of hand though here in the valley at ALL thrift stores.  It probably has been this way for a long time so no one really has a comparison of what a thrift store should cost.  I will save my money and shop at the plethora of yard sales before I go to these rip off thrift stores.
4	I scored a 100% cashmere Michael Kors sweater today.  With today's 50% off sale, I paid $4.99.  Sure it was slightly shrunk and worn (some pilling) but it was pink striped and still durable.  Then found more H&M sweaters and Banana Republic merino wool sweaters.  I bought the BR one for $3.50.  I love a bargain and I didn't have to hunt for it.  The better quality racks were separated from the others and I had to convince myself that I didn't need one thing or the other, I persevered and put stuff back, but I love shopping for my toddler's clothing here at the Guadalupe and Rural store for housewares and licensed character and better quality clothing.  I love their 50% off sale every other Saturday.
3	Small Goodwill store that was nicely cleaned and maintained. The book selection is very small compared to other stores as was their purse selection. The employees were very friendly. The shoe and clothing selection just wasn't there which was surprising as I was expecting more from a Scottsdale Goodwill location. The clothing all appeared in good condition, I'm just very picky about what I wear and I'm young so I'm always on the lookout for a particular style. I was happy with their toy selection and was able to pick up a giant Patrick Starr stuffed figure for my sister for 2.99 in good condition and a Boba Fett helmet for a few bucks new.
4	I love this place.I literally bought all of my furniture here.they have 5-% off like everyday.some times $1 for clothes, although it's kind of gross, i got a cool yellow dress for $1 once.it's changed a bit since the last time i went in. they dont offer great deals like they used to
4	This Goodwill is decent.  Though I much rather prefer their old location, up near Oak and Scottsdale Rd.  But one must change with the times.  Love the 50% off days!!
5	I've been a fan of Goodwill since childhood. It's where all my "oldies, but goodies" went after I out grew them. It's where I bought that crazy costume, cool cowboy boots and old prom dress. Haha come to think of it, it's where the "ugly sweater" Christmas gifts and the old sofa, rug and lamps went, too. Go there and buy my old stuff!But anyways I know they use donations to put people to work and that's a good thing! I have made about $1,000 worth of donations during my recent move and hope that goes to good use?! :)
4	I love goodwill, although I think it is ridiculous when they charge $75 for a handbag that someone donates, I know that they are trying to make a profit and they are a good organization but come on. They would make way more if they were priced so high. I got an authentic Coach at Goodwill in Peoria fo $14.99, sometimes you can catch a break when they don't realize what they are pricing. Happy Hunting!!
4	My 999th review!This Goodwill had a friendly feel as soon as I walked in.  The stuff was in good condition, maybe priced a little higher than I'd like, but I'd still come back.  Today, Friday, orange tags were half off.  Naturally everything I liked had purple tags or other colors. I still found about $13 worth of stuff to buy for grandkids, crafts, etc.  Worth the unscheduled stop.Like so many area thrift stores it is in a former grocery store with a large lot so parking is a snap.
1	The men's restroom looked like it has not been cleaned or maintained for weeks: toilet paper , fecal matter on the toilet and grime throughout the entire bathroom. When I expressed my concern regarding this the goodwill employee almost laughed at me and completely ignored my concern. Was not impressed at all .
5	Everything a thrift store should be. Cheap, vast selection, hidden treasures and one of a kind gems mixed in with garbage. If you're in the mood to hunt - there are great bargains to be had. Extra kudos for the book section - love it!This location is safe, clean, well managed and abundantly stocked. Employes are friendly and helpful.Balloons color indicate the color of the tags that are marked down even lower for that given day.Good stuff.
4	Gotta Love that south Scottsdale Grittiness. If you don't know what I mean you need to wake up. Remember kids While METH may be a more high profile killer, four five really bad decisions can have the same effect. Why is it that people who make bad decisions all crowd certain parts of cities?ANYWAY.....Good books. I've found some great titles here. Lots of more academic titles given how close ASU is. Speaking of ASU you'll see a lot of GREEK tools in here trying to find just the right Hawaiian shirt for the beach party they're throwing."hey BRO, how does this look? BRO! BRO! LOOK! YOU'RE NOT EVEN LOOKING! BRO!"SOUNDS LIKE THAT. Clothing is decent as well. electronics are hit and miss. Same with records and cds. Some days you find Gold some days you get made you mad the drive.... But as I'm always telling the residents of Tokyo, " HATE THE GAME, NOT THE PLAYER!"Reviewer Jeff K is slouching towards victimhood! SIT UP STRAIGHT!Reviewer MaryLou D. IS A FORCE TO BE RECKONED WITH. I would make her my wrestling buddy in a tag team match.
4	I always try to make it here every $1 Thursday. I like the selections for the dresses as well as women's tops/blouses. I'm editing my wardrobe and this place is a great way for me to experiment on my style! I get to try out the dress/shirt I bought a few times and if I love it then it stays; otherwise, I donate it back to Goodwill. And for $1, it's like your going on a treasure hunt!
4	This is a great store and it's nice to stop in here once in awhile. It's fun to just explore around and see what catches the eye sometimes.
5	Consider yourselves lucky AZ residents.  I just moved to NY and the Goodwill stores up here are seriously lacking everything.  They are small (they are in corner drugstores) ALL the shoes are stacked up on one rack no kidding mens womens and childrens together.  The linens take up one side of another SINGLE rack and so on.  Pathetic!!!  The prices on some items are barely below retail.  The only discount is 10 dollars off once I spend one hundred dollars. I only went once and am not sure but I do not believe they have dollar days or any of the fun sales.  Needless to say I am missing AZ and my old Goodwill run where I could burn up the good part of a morning roaming through each store and find fun things to wear and use.  From my old house I could roam in any direction and hit at least three huge well stocked stores.  (sniff...)The only place worth stopping by here is the local Salvation Army which is small and lacking but it is on my way to grocery shopping so I do not lose out when I do not find much.  I am not kidding each week they have maybe one or two comforters hanging lonely and waiting for a home.   I miss AZ Goodwill (WAHHHH!!!)
4	It is similar to most locations. I have purchased a lot of specific items. Some are lower in price than other locations. Price often depends on the pricer. You can see identical items with different prices in one visit.All locations have pleasant personnel and some retailers could learn from Goodwill.
