4	First off, I am not automotive inclined.  Sure I've got a mechanical background that deals with a combustion engine, but as soon as you put that engine on 4 wheels, I am absolutely clueless.I met Doug, the shop's sales manager via my line of work and figured I would give them a shot next time I needed something done on my work truck.  I'm glad I did.  I'm a pessimistic person when it comes to things I know little about, so when you get your oil changed and they all of a sudden tell you that you need all this extra work, I tend to raise an eyebrow... but I get suckered in because I don't really know if what they are telling me is essential or just an upsell.I didn't experience this here.  They did what I came to them to do and gave me some info about things I should watch out for, without the " you need this $250.00 discombobulator"  They answered all my questions without getting "pitchy" and I was on the road within an hour.Price wise, I actually saved money, compared to what I usually pay, although they seem to be more oriented to an "appointment business model" than a walk-in "express".  Not that I was kept waiting, but just about everyone else who came in had an appointment.I will definitely be back and as far as I am concerned they have my future business, not only for my business vehicles but my personal as well.  I dread going to the mechanics as much as the dentist, but now I've found a great group of people to tale my trucks to, without the condescending attitude and excessive upsell mentality that seems to plague the automotive repair industry.
5	My father has been going to this shop since 1996, when he bought his Firebird. We have since taken our Expedition, Miata, Fiero, and GTO there for all the work we dont have the tools to do ourselves. They always do a phenomenal job and are extremely reliable mechanics. Coming from a family of car enthusiasts, this shop is a gold mine for anyone looking for someone to do thorough work on their car, without making mistakes.
1	My in-laws take their car to this place, every time i get a earful about all the stuff the shop says needs to be fixed.  I asked them to send me copy of the quote, check the prices of the parts, they are charging 100% over list, usually a shop makes 25 to 35% this is the difference between list and cost, not 100% over list. The labor rate was also very high for a non dealer mechanic and third they were looking to replace stuff the car did not need. The sad part is they have been customers of theirs for many years and this shop is taking advantage of their trust. I would recommend anyone taking their car here do research and don't take their word on anything.
