4	Just went here ..celebrated my birthday withd a margarya and a shot of blu tekil while.those mezicans sang to.me. heck ya:-[
2	First time here and probably last (unless a friend insists). I got the shrimp fajita taco salad. The shell was stale and not even warm. So I ate the salad with the chips. Way too much guacamole (which I love) and sour cream. Queso came with it which was delicious! But it's not difficult to melt cheese. Service was mediocre. Like previous posts, my drink was never refilled and when my waiter never came by with my bill, the manager took my credit card and handled it.
2	Loved this place when it was Salsa's.  It was small, the food was delicious and the service was always good.  I have been to Cabo's three times now.  The first, was a little disillusioned by the fact that they only brought 3 tortillas for for Fajitas (two of us splitting) and then charged $1 when I asked for one more.  This never happened when it was Salsa's. They either brought extra to begin with or happily brought another free of charge.Second time was ok.  We were the only patrons as it was early for lunch.  The workers were preparing for the crowd so the service was good. Food was ok.Third (and last?) time.  Just went a couple if days ago for lunch.  Service was slow even though there were only 5 or 6 tables seated.  The chips were old (one tasted like rancid oil-my guess is that it was left in the warmer bin.  Had to actually spit it out...yuck!)My enchilada came barely warm. Didn't eat most of it.  My daughter's food was ok. Cabo's is just not consistently good to keep going.  Just ok every now and then is not good enough.Nothing special here that is going to keep me coming back
4	I decided to visit here for lunch today and I was very pleased! I got there around 2, immediately sat down and received warm chips and very delicious salsa...I just decided to play it safe and ordered the Speedy Gonzales which includes a taco and enchilada with rice and It was at my table before I knew it!The portions were huge!!! Lots of rice, and yummy meat in both the taco and enchilada and the sauce was delicious! For $5.89 at portions sizes like this I'll definitely be back and I'm excited to try some of the other options on the menu!
5	Sunday brunch rules!I don't know if you know this, but Cabo's has a Mexican sunday brunch for 12 dollars!  There is horchata and I think mango juice?  They have several pork, meat, and chicken dishes, fried fish, fried shrimp, french fries, rice pudding, pancakes, omlettes made to order, the list goes on.  The food is Fresh and Fantastic.
5	Cabo's (formerly Salsas) is my favorite Mexican in town!  I've tried other "Authentic Mexican" spots and they were a little too authentic for my taste (i.e. greasy and bland).  Cabo's is consistent, fresh, flavorful, prompt and service is sufficient.  Now if you're a snooty, uppity person and need a lot of attention from your server, don't bother.  They will bring your DELICIOUS fresh salsa the minute you sit down and take your drink order.  They will return with your drinks and take your food order.  Literally 5-10 yummy-chips-and-salsa-minutes later, your food will arrive hot and on a HUGE plate.  Your drinks will be refilled as needed.  No frills.  Pretty much what you can expect at this price-point.  Something you won't expect from this price-point are the table-side guacamole option and fresh made tortillas-made in a tortilla bar at the front of the restaurant. Very nice touch for those of you looking for a more Cantina feel. We almost always go for lunch but I know they have a pretty happening nightlife on the weekends.  Tip: my favorite dish is the Pollo Con Queso.  Spanish rice topped with grilled-to-perfection (never over-grilled and charred) chicken, topped with grilled peppers, onions, and TOMATOES (yum) then all smothered with their perfect queso (never runny or watery).  Also with a side of standard guac and sour cream.  PERFECTION!  I get it every time and it is always good.
3	This was my first time at this place. My friends, who are from Charlotte, have been coming to this location for over 15 years, under different names. I ordered the skinny margarita, which was large and tasty. For my entree I had the veggie platter which cam with a bean burrito, cheese enchilada and veggie tostado. It also came with a large portion of grilled veggies which needless to say, I never got around to eating because it was all too much to eat. It would have been plenty for two people, especially after indulging on the chips and salsa. This is a basic Mexican restaurant. The menu is very large with lots of options. The other people at my table ordered the chicken soup with fish tacos, fajitas, and taco salad. All large portions and cooked just as you would expect. Good choice for a large crowd looking for "typical" Mexican food.
3	This is about your average Mexican restaurant.  One thing I need to recommend is that you do not get the Charro beans. .  In the description it says they are Pinto Beans with Chorizo and Sausage.  It is more of a soupy side of beans with hot dogs in it.  The other food there is great though.  They have lunch specials and they also have a few dishes from other Latin American countries.  I will definitely eat here again as it is right across the street from my work.  However, there is a lot of competition here in the Pineville area.
5	My husband and I and a couple of our friends went to Cabos on a Friday night. There were several people waiting to be seated when we got there so went to the bar to get a drink. $2 Bud Light Lime, $9.99 for a skinny margarita, and $5.99 for a Bob Marley, were the specials that night. I got the Bob Marley which has 3 kinds of Malibu rum and is very colorful and tasty. I always appreciate non-beer specials :). We were served chips and salsa at the bar until the hostess came over and told us our table was ready, which was maybe 15 minutes after we first arrived. It didn't take long for us to place our orders and get our food. I got the Lomo Saltado which is steak, peppers, rice, and homemade potato wedges. I normally only order a cheese quesadilla at Mexican restaurants (a self proclaimed particular eater), but this meal is amazing. I also get it knowing we will have leftovers for my husband to eat the next day because he loves it too. My husband and his friend got the tequila burrito, which is very good but spicy, with 2 sides. My husband said he also loves the California burrito which is not spicy. Even with the bar we were out in an hour and I felt we got an excellent service and good prices. This is definitely my favorite Mexican place in South Charlotte.
4	We live pretty close but have only been to Cabo's twice now.  I absolutely am a big fan of this place!  Our most recent visit was on Saturday 1/19/13.  We were immediately seated, there were not many tables left as it was packed!  Chips and Salsa were immediately placed on our table, I love their chips and salsa, not my favorite, but I still really enjoy them!  They are quick to refil as well. I ordered a mixed drink from their menu as I did last time, but this time it came in a small glass whereas the last time it came in a huge bowl sized glass!  I wish their menu would designate the sizes, prices, etc. so you have an idea of what you are ordering.  Sometimes you want to share for a big drink and sometimes you just want a small cocktail.Their food is awsome, I really love the flavoring that they put on their chicken!  I ordered the fajhita chimichanga and Kevin got one of their plates that came with a bunch of different items.  Both plates were excellent.  You get plenty of food for the price, I had plenty to take home with me for another day!We will be back, hopefully sooner than our probably 8 month hiatus!
4	I moved my review of Salsa's to this page since it's the same restaurant but called Cabo's now.We've always loved Salsa's, but always had two reservations about going there: 1. the bar area (where smoking was legal) was too close to a lot of seats, therefore you'd inhale smoke all night and 2. it got crowded fast on "family" nights.  We would usually just go for lunch to avoid the crowd.Well, two thing happened: 1. North Carolina outlawed smoking in all restaurants and 2. Salsa's expanded!  They've added a fresh tortilla maker and a place for a live band.  We went last Friday night to see our friend's band play and it was the same great Salsa's food in a wonderful atmosphere.  There was still a wait for a table, showing that the place is even more popular now!Menu recommendations:Pork Carnitas - I challenge any one person to finish this.  My wife usually has 2-3 meals from it.Any other fajita - all of them are great, but now add in the fresh tortilla experience and they are no longer "just a fajita".Tacos al Carbon - a great hot sauce and the onion/cilantro combination make these tacos jumpEnchilada Suizas - when you're in the mood for enchiladas done differently with a tomatillo sauce and queso!And, getting back to the live band, they had the volume of the band set perfectly.  You could clearly hear them, but you didn't have to shout to have a conversation at your table.
3	Decent. But watch for drinks they add up! Had a $200 bill once
3	We've been here three times since the name change to Cabo's. Frankly, the second and third trips happened because we forgot that we weren't going to go there again.Interior decor is nice and fresh, although one row of booths along the righthand side is ablaze with spotlights that glare in your eyes; don't sit there! There is a bar area, and TVs around the perimeter of the entire place. They DO have wifi, which is great.The food is what's disappointing. It is either bland or mushy, depending on what you order. The soup we had with fish tacos was very oily/greasy. We exchanged it for chicken soup, which was salty salty.This place serves best as a lunchtime stop for the working crowd and construction workers. Not a destination for dinner out with your spouse or date.
4	I went here for the first time last night with my family and friends and it was fantastic! The atmosphere was great for young kids that are loud and drop things. Our waiter was super friendly and patient with us. The menu was a bit overwhelming so I just told the waiter what I wanted and he pointed to where it was at on the menu. When I got my food the sauce was spicier than I thought and he was kind enough to replace the dish with a milder sauce. I want to come back and try another dish!
5	I went there for lunch.. the menu looked very good, it was on a Monday they were running a special with sizzling hot fajitas. It was for $7.99 w/ drink, I saw several customers with the steak or chicken fajitas. Since I've had fajitas at other restaurants Io decided to order the Pollo Con Queso ..mmmmm it was really good. The portion was big..total cost was $8.35 w/o a drink as I don't drink sodas or alcohol. The food was very flavorful I will come back to this place for lunch.
2	Food was not very good.  Used to be better.  Chicken burrito had good pcs. of chicken in it and nothing else. The red sauce on top tasted like ketchup!  I had to get it off, NG! The Beef in the taco, yuk.   Chips and salsa were good.  Fresh cilantro was good at helping out the food and rice a little.    Won't go back.
5	I hate Mexican food but I went here for my wife and loved every bite. California burrito is amazing.
1	Last time there really enjoyed it, but this time couldn't have been more disappointed!  Not busy at all, but our food and service were really lacking. One meal was so salty it was literally inedible, other one was missing a main ingredient (no onions in fajitas?) and was mediocre. When we complained about the food, they didn't really apologize, and took not a cent off the bill.  Manager apparently didn't care.  You think we'll go back with all the other great Mexican options?  Not likely...
1	There are 3 things I don't like in life...people who tell me II am not experiencing what I have just experienced....roaches...and roaches in my food.  Unfortunately, I experienced all three tonight.   My husband, my son and I sat outside and ordered fajita's, shrimp diablo, and taco's with pork carnita's.  My son's toppings and refried beans came with the usual lettuce, guacamole and pico.  In addition, there was a still somewhat alive cockroach in his beans.  He fished it out and its legs and antennae were still moving around a little.  When I told the manager he did not believe us and said it must have "flown" in.  We don't think so.  It wasn't a flying type.   Other than that,  the service was indifferent, the soupy beans had hot dogs in them and the shrimp sauce was a watery mess.  Beware.
4	Been coming here for several years- love it!  The food is always fresh and tasty.  Some favorites are the fish tacos and sopa de pollo...  Also, the margaritas are great.  Service is pretty good, but at times it seems the wait staff can be a bit forgetful.  Other than that, great place!
3	I usually do not eat a lot of Mexican food.  I went to Cabo's for a Meetup.  The food was actually quite good.  I had the chicken pollo .......  I may return some time in the future for lunch.
5	This place is incredible. My husband and I have been going here for years since it was named "Salsa's". Their nachos are to die for. Best nachos in town. They have huge portions and tasty margaritas. They always have drink specials so be sure to ask. Fun atmosphere and they have a patio for the summer months. This place has become a staple for us in Charlotte. Best place around!
2	I so hate giving a Mexican restaurant two stars, but Cabo's was to disappointing. I arrived around lunch time and saw fajitas were on special for $7.99. Once being seated the table was dirty at which time I asked if they could wipe it down, and got a very rude look. I ordered chicken fajitas, which arrived in less than five minutes. Nice, but scary they arrived that quick. Well, I know why. It seems to me they had everything prepped and basically heated the fajita platter. The chicken was very dry and the onions, peppers, and tomatoes were so overlooked and it seemed to have a burnt smell. The side plate of rice of rice and beans was so cold and bland. I will say although the chips sucked the salsa was somewhat decent. Overall, such a disappointment.
4	Not sure why I haven't reviewed this place yet.  My friends and I have spent every birthday here for several years.  They are great with our group...order comes out at the same time, orders are always right.  In a group of 10 with maybe 6 birthdays here a year I've never seen a friend send anything back.Portions are big and it's a good value.  I like how they have the standard tortilla, meat, bean, rice combos, but then have Latin American specials here as well.  I usually pick one of the options from there. The chips are thicker than I'd like, but still great.If it's your birthday they give you a flaming shot!  Great place for adult birthday parties.
2	The food and service were very good.  However we have three kids so chose a Monday night because kids eat free. When our bill came the kids entrees were not taken off.  The waitress waited to see if we noticed and then when we complained she said her manager told her no because it was the 5th of May.  She offered to speak to him again and he again said no because it's cinco de mayo.  He never came to the table to offer an apology. There were no signs saying Kids Eat free wasn't valid on cinco de Mayo.  Bad customer service.  Sneaky manager.  Poor management that he didn't even come overWon't eat there again based on principle.
5	The food was AWSOME great seasoning great scenery  and great service it's hard to find a good authentic Mexican spot but I love this one. I'd recommend it to anyone
5	Have visited here for several months and I am finally getting around to reviewing. The staff is fast and friendly. Over the last year I have seen the food and service get tremendously better. The manager noticed I became a regular and has introduced himself and always asks how my experience is. Its great for a quick bite or to have a cocktail after a long day at their bar. The atmosphere is great if you like to sit at the bar, at a table inside, and they have outdoor, covered seating with televisions so it is great for summer as well!I love Mexican food, but the staff are what keep me coming back!!
4	This place was a pleasant surprise.  I had "linner" here at 3:00pm on a Sunday.  I was impressed with several things about this place:1.  The menu is amazing.  Not just the standard "commercial Mexican" fare; they have a couple of Cuban, Puerto Rican, Peruvian, and other Latin dishes, so you are not limited to Mexican alone.  They also have an extensive drink menu.2.  Atmosphere is great - bright, energetic decor, fun environment, nice bar, open-concept design.  It's a nice place to hang out.3.  The quality of the food is really good, and so is the selction.  4.  The service is good.  I was there at a weird time, and they only had 2 servers, and there were quite a few tables of people eating.  They were busy, but they still did a good job.  I'm sure that, during peak times, they are well-staffed and attentive.I had the Arrachera, which I haven't seen on a menu since my last trip to Celaya, Mexico.  It was excellent.  The beans and rice were very good, and the meat was grilled with bell pepper, onion, and jalapenos.  They served it with a salsa that was insanely spicy.  Probably a bit much for most people, but SOOOOOO good!  The combo of the jalapeno strips and the salsa had my mouth on fire for a while.  A true Mexican experience!
1	Table was dirty and stickyThe waitress took forever to get our drinks, salsa was ok . Really bad service  and my fajitas were overcook.We are never coming back!!
4	I had Cabo's bookmarked forever and finally got to try it for a late lunch one Friday - I was truly sorry  I waited so long, as it is relatively close to my home.Located at the back of Carmel Commons, off of Carmel Rd, the parking spaces seemed a bit narrow, so I parked at the end of the lot as to not get my doors banged up.  On a Friday around 2:00, there wasn't much of a crowd at all and I was quickly seated and then almost immediately greeted by my server.  My drink order of a Coke Zero was brought quickly and kept filled.  I really enjoyed the complimentary salsa and tortilla chips.  The salsa is a well blended mix of tomatoes and other ingredients, which is what I prefer to the chunkier salsas.  It was also not overwhelmingly cilantro'ed, which I was very happy about.  An order of cheese dip came quickly to the table and it was delicious.  Creamy and well flavored, and the tortilla chips were perfectly salted and held up well to the queso.My lunch order was a steak Chimichanga - shredded beef in a flour tortilla, covered with queso and served with rice and beans.  The rice beans were both mexican restaurant standard issue, though better than most.  The beans were a good consistency and the rice wasn't a dried out mess.  The meat inside of the chimichanga was well seasoned.Though I had to unbutton my pants, I did finish my lunch and it was very good.  Service was excellent.  Price was average.  I will definitely return to Cabo's.
3	I've been a long time customer, of cabo's, but feel that its gone down hill as of late. I used to think the food was excellent, but now it just seems to be at the level of okay.Today I ordered the fish tacos with tortilla soup for lunch. The tacos were boring, just whitefish in a flour tortilla. They had very little seasoning, and could definitely have benefitted from some additional components. The soup has always been a favorite of mine, but today it just seemed kind of haphazardly put together.The food is not bad, and I'm sure I'll be back, it just seems as time has gone on cabo's has fallen into a certain level of apathy.
2	Greasy beef taco ... So much grease running out the end I had to drain twice before I dare tried to bite it . Tamale was okay but drowning in red  sauce ... Once I uncovered it there wasn't much to it ... I'm sure there's good food here I just didn't get any if it. The restaurant is nice and wait staff attentive - hopefully I won't have indigestion from all the grease and hate them later ... Not too excited about the food choice ... Don't recommend beef tacos or sauce covered tamale ...
5	I am personally obsessed with Cabo's.  Very authentic Mexican dishes available!  Great beer specials, good for kids and the food is incredible.  On Saturday night's they  have live music and it makes for a fun dinner!  Two outside patio's are awesome for a fabulous outside night if you are in the mood!  One thing I also really appreciate is that the owner is always walking around the restaurant helping out with no hesitation and is always very friendly!  I would recommend Cabo's to anyone!!!
3	Let me start off by stating THE FOOD WAS DELICIOUS.RESTAURANT: Very spacious. There are lots of tables that a person can sit with and they are very good for groups.DRINKS: This was quite the ordeal! I asked for a strawberry mango FROZEN daiquiri. It came out as mango and I asked where the strawberry mango one was and the waitress said it was coming and this was the regular mango. However, my friend and I both ordered the strawberry mango. The drink comes out again....watery, with NO alcohol. Really?? So I told them the drink was wrong again and it needed alcohol. They brought the drink out again with the rum on top [my friend didnt want the drink at this point] and still watery. I then had to ask them whether the drink was frozen. FINALLY THE FOURTH TIME MY DRINK CAME OUT OK. $6.75 and the manager did not apologize nor make any accommodations on the menu. Which is fine, but you should have apologized. The waitress only understood what was wrong with the drink once I said it in Spanish. FOOD: The chips and salsa are pretty good. You get them upon sitting down, and the salsa is a little spicy. They are not that cheap, but not too expensive. I had the beef baja empanadas and they were $9. You get three normal [big] empanadas. The value is pretty good however even in the city these are $2 maximum so its a bit pricey. Now they are a Mexican restaurant and I personally do not eat Mexican food especially if it is spicy. Luckily they have other latin dishes. I had rope vieja with yellow rice and maduros. It was sooooo good!!! I ordered an extra side of maduros [fried sweet plantains] and for $4 you get at least 8 of them.They don't give bags for the food you bring home. Unfortunately because of this I left my food on the table. $35 for just myself. An entree, appetizer, and drink. It was good but all that hassle, SMH!
5	Awesome food and great service. Staff is friendly and courteous. Absolutely recommend !!!!!!
4	The fajitas are amazing! The cultural interior design also adds to the flavor ;) great place to eat at!!
2	Food was so-so. Salsa and chips were good. One of my friends really likes this place. I was not super impressed.  Location is good. I think I would only return with my friend when the salsa band comes and plays.
