3	I was really excited to go here because, as a vegetarian, I really like being able to go places where I have more than one choice.  Le Commensal has a lot of choices at their buffet and many of them are quite well executed. I enjoyed the ginger tofu and the quinoa salad, but some of the other things were not memorable. The lasagne was just plain bad, so it is a little hit or miss here. All in all, there are some very good things, but it really depends on you to pick the right things to your taste. They had a nice selection of fresh fruits and salad items, as well.It was nice and quiet when we were here, and I think it would be great for groups. I wish it was a little cheaper to my graduate-student-sized wallet.
3	Of the two Le Commensal's we visited in Montreal, this is the nicer one. The food area is HUGE. Lots of fresh-looking food to choose from. They had this awesome asparagus phillo dish that was SO good. We love Le Commensal, and it's a great place to take a kid: no waiting on food, and hello- pizza!
5	LOVE this place! Great veg food, totally relaxed, and hey, who doesn't love a good buffet?
4	The past two times I've been to Montreal, I've visited Commensal. I prefer the location on St-Denis over the one around McGill, just because of the atmosphere; it doesn't feel as cold and sparse as the other one.The buffet has a good variety of hot and cold foods, as well as some desserts. There's not really anything I would call too exotic on the menu, so with that said, the food here will probably appeal to vegetarians and non-vegetarians alike, as well as different age groups. Some of the menu items are kind of bland tasting, but others make up for it.Food is priced by weight, which can get a bit confusing, all you can do is eye it and hope it doesn't come out more expensive than you intended. Regardless, the food here is affordable.
2	With all of the other veggie and vegan options in Montreal I just have a tough time getting excited about what's on offer at Le Commensal.  This is essentially a pay by weight buffet/cafeteria and as such suffers from the freshness issue that it endemic to the delivery system.  Le Commensal gets a lot of extra love (in the stars department) because of choice.  Most veg-heads are frequently subjected to a rather frightening level of same-ness in available dining options.  The reason that love doesn't extend past two stars is that although there is variety, quite a bit of it tastes the same and I have yet to have experienced anything worthy of remembering well enough to include in - oh - let's say - a review?I'm at best a demi-vegetarian, but I regularly dine with vegans and am well versed in vegetarian and vegan cooking.  There are many vastly superior options in Montreal.  Please check out my list of Veggies goodness for a better alternative,
4	This was a tad out of the way for lunch after Musee de Beaux Arts, but I had to check it out as I am mostly vegetarian AND this is basically a savory version of my favorite modern innovation: the self-serve yogurt shop. As further explanation to Americans if either of these mean something to you think Souper Salad (RIP!) or Fresh Choice, but more exotic. And better. And with maple syrup pie (drool). There is plenty here for both the I love vegetables vegetarian and the maybe if I close my eyes I can imagine it's a hamburger vegetarian. Watch those eyes in your stomach because you pay by weight, but once you get your plate full head over to the widow and grab a prime people watching spot. Watch the shoppers and business people on the streets below and watch your fellow first time diners plow through their plates stacked 10 inches high. The eyes bigger than the stomach thing.
3	yummy, great salad bar, but wish they had more veggie meat options though!
1	The food was alright, but I'd go to any other vegan places rather than coming back.I feel like getting ripped off from a Groupon deal last time my friends and I came here. They were basically playing with words in the description making you think that you can get a dinner for four for only 30$. It was basically a 50$ credits that we bought for 30$, that can only pay for certain dishes, and cannot use the credit to pay the taxes. We ended up paying more with unsatisfied stomachs.It's not about the money, it's about sending a message.
4	Good options for vegans and vegetarians. Very similar in concept to the Whole Foods hot/salad bar. You pick out your food and then it's weighed -- cafeteria/buffet style. I had a good variety of salads to choose from. I ended up really liking the mini tempeh burger and chickpea marinated salad. The raw goji cheesecake was amazing. No need to pay for water since they have a water fountain in the seating area. No English advertising is up outside, but then all the food is clearly marked in English, French, and with pictures indicating allergens.
4	Nice staff and ambiance, lots of variety in terms of food options, delicious food.A bit awkward to have the buffet upstairs, especially if you sit down stairs. Carrying a tray down narrow stairs, made me nervous.The food is way too expensive, to my liking. I love the food but can only afford to splurge like that once a year, especially on a buffet. Im used to more affordable buffets.
4	Tasty, delicious vegetarian food.They have two areas - a cafe and a buffet restaurant. The buffet you pay by the weight of your food.The buffet you get to choose from around 20/25 different dishes. They also have a good collection of desserts.The food is really good - but a bit pricey though.
