5	I had never been to a U-Swirl before, but now I'm addicted! They can definitely count on me as a regular!The place was very bright and clean, the choices abundant, the seating comfy, the yogurt and toppings extremely delicious! My daughter loved it, I loved it, the price was right. What else could you want?:D
5	I have been intending to try U-Swirl for some time, just from knowing them thru twitter, so when we were driving around today and I saw this location (they told me they have 6 and more on the way), I insisted on stopping and seeing what this was all about.  Large store, bright pastel colors, very open and inviting, with a mixture of high pub-style tables and chairs and booths/couches, very comfortable.  A helpful female employee comes up and asks "have you ever been here before?" - a question which usually ticks me off, but I am glad she explained that they charge 30+ cents per ounce for anything you buy, yogurt, toppings, whatever (do they tare weight the containers, or are they priced the same as the food? Not sure.).  They have about ten machines, each with two flavors you can kind of "tap" for yourself, each machine you can tap one flavor or swirl the two in that particular machine.  I had the white choc macadamia and Heath bar flavors, which were both on the same machine, the heath bar was much better.  Then you move to the topping area, where they have a fresh, clean, salad bar with about every candy or traditionall topping you can think of (I saw frosted animal cookies and those tiny m&m's). I had some crumbled peanut butter cups, some nuts, squeezed on some caramel and fudge.  All this was about $5.00 for a nice amount of frozen yogurt and fresh topping.  I thought it was pretty good frozen yogurt (although I DO prefer ice cream) and the experience was good enough that I am planning to be back, very soon.
2	I've been coming to this location since it open and I love the yogurt. They have a huge variety of flavors and toppings and it is always clean. I was a little disappointed with my recent experience in the customer service department. Two employees working, a family seated already eating and another person by themselves seated. Usually they greet you when you walk in, not tonight. That in itself is no big deal. Buy then as I am the only one in line getting my yogurt one of the employees cuts in front of me to wipe down the area with not even an excuse me. Fine, they are young, I will let it slide. The kicker is getting to the register with no hello, no nothing as she continued to talk to the single customer seated as she weighed my cup. Obviously they knew each other. Only words spoken to me was the total. As pricey as this place is a hello at the register would have been appreciated.
4	Been meaning to update this. I have been back to this location on numerous occasions and the customer service has completely improved since I wrote my 10/09 review. Always greeted and always clean. No more complaints from me.
5	The best frozen yogurt in town! I'm mad because I didn't think of it first. Great atmosphere and a variety of flavors.  Great place to take your family.
4	I often stop by this U-Swirl during an occasional lunch break adventure.  I've actually seen U-Swirl's around town and have been pretty snobby about trying it.  I was perhaps getting sick of seeing a thousand and one new yogurt places every month.  Plus, I had my favorites (Menchie's, Yogurtland and Golden Spoon) and thought 3 was enough to cover most of the valley.  But, when a coworker I was with went in for a weigh-in (hee hee), I decided to give it a try. This location is gynormous for most yogurt joints I've been to, including my top 3.  The space is very open and there's plenty of seating and it always looks so clean (a big plus in my book)!The yogurt is just as yummy as any of my favorites, the toppings are too!  The service was great and it's open late :)  M-Th 11-11pm and F&Sat 11-Midnight!  So, don't be afraid to sneak in after dinner or when your boyfriend's asleep for that yummy middle of the night guilty pleasure you've been searching for your whole life (haha)!Best part about it, it's near my house and HOGS HEAVEN BBQ!!!!  YAAAY!
4	I would have given it 5 stars but I find the yogurt a little watery. They have 18 flavors and I love the taste. I would say the best I've had in Vegas. They have 18 flavor choices and lots of topping options. I also liked the cleanliness and the decor
4	The best frozen yogurt selection! They have an amazing topping bar and syrups :) The location is in a very nice neighborhood. The inside of the U-Swirl is very clean and has a lot of seating and is an open floor plan. It is very welcoming. I love the customer service, they greet you as soon as you open the door.
4	Great selection of yogurt and toppings. I enjoy going to U-swirl because of the fun atmosphere and great customer service. They also give military discounts.
5	Always love this place, I in fact crave the cake batter and mochi!
5	The girl working there is super friendly. Frozen yogurt is super tasty and the atmosphere is very chill and enjoyable. They have about 10? different type of yogurts and then add fruits, nuts, or other goodies to your yogurt. I had strawberry, chocklate, cheesecake and vanilla yogurt. I toped it with fresh strawberries, almonds, and other nuts. It turned out really good. Thanks! Loved it :)
5	I love this place!! Just in Novemember 2010 i was completely craving pumpkin frozen yougurt and this was the only place that actually still had it in their store... I went to DQ and they had already switched to the next months flavor!! Great atmoshpere and the staff is great!! They are always willing to help as well as they do Military discount!! :) Definetly the one place i go for my flavor cravings!! :D
4	Amazing is the word to describe this place. I've been to other yogurt joints but this one was actually good. Great customer service from the employees, many flavors of yogurt and a great selection of toppings. I definitely recommend this place for family gatherings and nice chill dates :)
4	This place is great! I love froyo, and I've been to just about every joint in town. They have usually have about 16 or so flavors to choose from. You can get either a 16oz or 20oz - I may be wrong on the ounces, but there's a big cup and a bigger cup. After swirling up your concoction, you then get to choose from a variety of fresh fruits, nuts, syrups etc. Whipped cream too, which I haven't noticed anyone else doing.It's 37 cents an ounce, which is reasonable. Hands down the very best strawberry froyo. Red Velvet and Dulce de Leche are equally awesome.The kiddos go crazy for this place. Adult too. Check it out!
4	Look out! I got a stamp card and I'm willing to use it! I don't think I can count on all my fingers how many free yogurts we've earned by coming here. Everybody is always going on about the tart flavors. Yuck! Sorry but I don't see the allure. Give me sweet strawberry and creamy coconut. Or rich red velvet and yummy peanut butter. I think the most tart flavor I've ever got has to be pineapple. I think my bf gets exasperated with me cause I like to vend a little bit then add toppings, then go back and put another layer of flavor and even more toppings. I know that's why they are called toppings cause they are supposed to go on top but hey, it's my yogurt, I can make it anyway I want. I think some of my favorites are almonds, captain crunch and mochi pieces. Recently I have noticed they also have "fruit caviar." So trying to find who makes this to buy, instead of resorting to making it myself. Never was good at chemistry (even though I bake) so molecular gastronomy is not my cup o' tea. The store is very clean and the attendants are cordial. The seating arrangements are nice, though I think they have a lot of wasted space. Or maybe it just seems really "open," does that make sense?
5	I believe, U-swirl,  is as good as any yogurt shop can get.  This place especially, is the first for me and of course the first to try U-swirl.  I did have my doubts about U-swirl yogurt and how much it might cost, but surprisingly, not that expensive and very good.  Located off Decatur and Rome, is a decent size U-swirl yogurt shop.  From the outside, looks like any other store around it, but, the inside is a whole different story.  They do have outside seating, as well as indoor seating.  Once entering, you're greeted right away, by the cashier, which is always nice and welcoming.  Taking a look around, its very spacious and the color scheme seems very warming.Then the wall of yogurt.  Lots of flavors to choose from. The fact that you can mix them also, to make a new flavor, is awesome.  Other than the wall of yogurt, your variety of toppings is overwhelming.  There are so many to choose from and very well preserved.  You could mix and match your topping, the way you mix and match your yogurt.  Mainly you have the control to make your own bowl of yogurt.  You can make it as big as you want, or as small as you want.  You are in control.  Can't really do that at an ice cream shop can you?Overall, If you love yogurt, this is a place for you.  Its good for lunch time, after dinner, or anytime you're craving yogurt.  I don't believe it's that busy, but if it is crowded, it will go by quickly.   Try it at least once.  But, with my experience, sure enough, I'm coming back.
5	Hands down my favorite frozen yogurt place. I'm from the Bay Area, California. And I wish that there was one of these close to my area! Whenever my friends and I take our trip to Las Vegas, we stop by here. What I love about this place is that it's extremely spacious and even has large couches for you to sit on as you enjoy your frozen yogurt. My usual complaint about most frozen yogurt places, is that there are never enough flavors. But U-Swirl has so many to choose from EVERY DAY. And the flavors aren't typical either. You have anything from your classic Vanilla flavor, to Tart,  to Red Velvet! And they also have a wide range of toppings. When I first walked in and saw the selection I almost lost my mind. I was probably more excited than a 5 year old child! I usually mix the flavors in sections of my cup. I get Red Velvet, Reese's Peanut Butter Cup, and Cheesecake. And for the toppings I put cheesecake bites, graham cracker crumbs, and white chocolate chips. Love it! Every time I go to a frozen yogurt place, I always compare it to U-Swirl. I have yet to find a place that can top U-Swirl.
5	KING OF FROZEN YOGURT!! well this place has alot of flavors and add ons to start and the location is close to where i live and it is also very well cleaned and maintained .....nothing more to say other than if you wanna get your sweet tooth on you now have your place =)
5	Who doesn't like frozen yogurt!  Has all the flavors you might want and it is pretty spacious, with tables and couches with foot stools and outdoor seating. Make your own yogurt out of one flavor or combine several, add toppings and pay by weight (the yogurts not yours) Plenty of parking out front ( can you tell I'm from LA?). There's usually a line, but it moves fast. I definitely recommend anyone who loves yogurt (or has taste buds) to stop by!
5	First off let me start off by saying U-swirl has any other local competitors beat when it comes to froyo. Being originally from the bay area in California, we have pinkberry which is good, but its not self serve froyo. We also have Myo frozen yogurt which is awesome too, but on the pricier side. U-swirl has more than a dozen froyo's to choose from, a couple of my favorites are the girl scout thin mint and of course red velvet. They also have a good variety of toppings, everything from fresh cut fruit to candy and cereal. The pros:Good froyo, awesome flavor selection, awesome toppings, never too crowded environment, cheap (10 ounces of froyo with toppings here won't even cost you $4, other places such as Myo is an easy $6+) friendly staff, not to mention that a majority of the froyo is gluten free and they also list the amount of calories per serving of the froyo which is great for us health nuts!The cons:You'll want to come back more often then you should, if you don't believe me, just look at m check-ins for this place and I've lived here in Vegas less than a month!
5	Frozen yogurt doesn't get any better than this! I was never a fan of froyo until I tried u-swirl. Man was I missing out! The toppers are ALWAYS fresh all hours of the day & I know because I have tried other U-Swirl locations. I like how they bring out new flavors to try, but I always seem to go back to my favorite: Cheesecake.
5	Love this place!!!
5	We are here a few times a week. Yes-few times a week. Child freindly, family friendly, group friendly, belly friendly. Large variety of toppings and great service. Pretty inexpensive too.
4	I like this place.  I went to a wedding last night and as I was coming home I realized I had left before they even cut the cake.  It has never been my personal policy to walk away from something sweet so this was my go-to in lieu of cake.  Wow, this place was packed too, must be this summer heat.  Still, walking in the door I was greeted by an employee.  The line was from the check out, past the fixings bar and halfway out to the fro-yo but moved so quick it took me less than five minutes.  They have these little strawberry ball that when you pop them juice comes out.  They are the weirdest things I have ever seen for dessert toppings and U-swirl is the only place I've ever seen them.  I can't get enough of these things.  I like to bury my fro-yo in them.  Anyway beyond my oral fixation on strawberry balls, this place is clean the staff is always friendly and it's an inexpensive treat.  Maybe even better than cake.
4	Loads of flavors and toppings. This store is in a nice location with a spacious seating area that would be great for small parties, especially if you have kids. There are times that you'll have to wait in line, and I have dodged the errant sugar-fueled child running through, but the yogurt is totally worth it.  It's self serve, so you can easily go nuts packing six flavors into a pint container. You pay by weight at the end.
4	It's a clean and not too crowded store.  The service is good, they always smile to me and my kids.  My kids love the mango sorbet because it s very fruity and refreshing.  I highly recommend the popping bobs too.
4	I had never seen a 'by-weight' frozen yogurt place before and it is one of my favorite summer dessert places!   Tons of different flavors (that actually taste good) and toppings make self-serve sundaes fun and yummy.  The location is convenient too if you're out running errands and want a quick treat.
4	My favorite froyo place in the neighborhood. Good prices, good selection, and very clean. My only wish is that they had more tart flavors.
5	I have nothing bad to say about this U-Swirl.  I visit them on a weekly basis and the greatness of this place is consistent.  The place is always clean.  Staff is super friendly.  They have a great selection of yogurt, sorbet and toppings.  Inside is very spacious with several comfy sofas to lounge on while you finish your yogurt.
5	Stop using their stamp cards and give them your cell number; they have a new rewards system that gives you $5 off when you reach 50 points! The flavors are great and there is a great variety in the toppings. The place has an open, clean atmosphere, and a huge green couch-looking thing in the middle. There are lot of seats near the doors, so if you like being cold or blasted with wind--sit there!!
3	This place is close by. And in Vegas when its HOT!!!! that's very important. Great selections.
5	Awesome to see all the choices and the affordable prices.  I will definitely be coming back here!
3	Son said his Mochi was hard. Hubby and I thought this place isn't as good as yogurtland as far as flavors and quality.
5	We love U-Swirl! Grab a cup, pick your froyo, add toppings (strawberry pearls are my favorite) then weigh & pay. Easy peasy. Always clean & super friendly staff. What more could you ask for? NY Cheesecake & Tart are my go-to.
4	Love the choices here! It tastes like you are misbehaving even when you aren't and you can try the flavors before committing to an entire cup.
5	U-Swirl is my favorite frozen yogurt place hands down.  Now that they've added Rocky Mountain Chocolates to this location, it is sweet overload.  Staff is friendly and helpful,  There is a nice variety of yogurt, and you can request sample cups.  The toppings are always fresh with a nice selection of choices.  Mochi toppings are my favorite.  Ask for the U-Swirl Frequent Buyer Club.  Sign up for text messages, and follow them via Twitter, Linked In, Facebook and Pinterest.
4	Cheesecake bites!!!! Still need more varieties of ice cream though, but what they currently have is still good, a lot of toppings to choose from as well
5	So far cleanest, most friendly, and best selection of toppings I have seen in 3 months of living here. The young man that helped us with samples (which I do hate...I'm a grown woman, I think I can handle my own samples :/) was very polite and patient with us. They offer a rewards program by simply using your phone number...that's cool. They have a huge selection of yogurts and toppings. I was impressed actually. Also there is a lot of room in this location so you don't feel all smashed up next to somebody.
4	One of my fav froyo places in the Valley.  They are a little different than most in that they also carry chocolate candy products.  I haven't tried any yet, but from display case they look nice!I frequent this location about once a week so I've been able to notice a difference in the cleanliness based in who is working.  Yesterday for example...the machines were dirty and one (birthday cake) was missing a part so the yogurt came out in a long tube, not swirled.  They usually have about 12 flavor selections, which is more than most.  I have not noticed that they change out the flavors very often, or at all (in the 2 months I have been going).  I love that you can swirl 2 flavors together at each machine to create a new flavor combo.  My fav is the birthday cake...it almost taste like it has cake pieces in it.  Yum!!Their topping bar and sauce selection is huge!  They have just about everything you could want...including capt crunch!Don't forget to ask for their frequent flyer card... They use your phone number so you don't have a card to lose!  Sweet!
5	Good place. Big variety of options. Very welcoming atmosphere with the seating options with the benches and foot stools.
4	Froyo was good. The place was super packed with only one cashier so we waited a little longer than 5 minutes to pay. I found a old bandaid on the ground next to my table so I was a little grossed out. Everything else was great.
4	Mmmm froyo!This place is pretty big!! Very clean, and lots of flavors!! I ended up with caramel popcorn and sweet coconut. So good! Just ask the people who work there for samples and they come around to get them for you (= Really nice! Better they get the samples anyway because I've seen kids get samples and end up leaving all their germs and hand prints all up in the machine, or thy drip yogurt everywhere trying to fill up their sample cup cause they're too cheap to pay for it. You can tell they try to be more sanitary here. Even the sneeze guard over the toppings covers more than I have seen at other places. Lots of toppings choices as well. Optimal opportunity to be a fatty. Rocky Mountain Chocolate is also sold here!! Not the same selection as a regular store but definitely a good amount! Chocolate covered graham cracker is good (= Truffles not as good as Ghiradeli, but if you're craving it, it works.
5	Has a lot of selections. Will be going back again.
5	Ahh my U-Swirl. This has to be my favorite fro yo joint in all of Vegas. Yes, it helps that it is conveniently located to me but also right off of the 215 and Decatur. It's in the shopping center with Wal-Mart and Starbucks. This location added the Rocky Mountain Chocolate Factory. Oh, the sweet smell of chocolate. They have anything from the best peanut butter cups to dipped candy apples. Seriously who could resist getting chocolate while stopping in for yogurt? The selection of yogurt and sorbet still excites me. There is always a sugar free option. There are always a couple of sorbet options for the dairy allergies. The sorbet options also change every couple of weeks in case you aren't crazy about the flavors offered that particular week. And the toppings. Don't even get me started. Fudge. Sprinkles. Fresh fruit. Cheesecake bites. Ok that's enough to make my mouth water now. Out of all of my weekly visits, I've only been disappointed once with the fact that the cheesecake was out along with no cheesecake bites. Otherwise, this place lives  up to the hype.   Make sure you give them your phone number to get the rewards with each visit. The staff is always friendly and welcoming. Overall this place is worth a trip in. Grab your cup and fill it up.
4	Stopped in for an afternoon FROYO and just beat the crowd. New since my last visit is a display case featuring all sorts of goodies from The Rocky Mountain Chocolate Factory including a Peanut Butter Bucket. Basically, the biggest peanut butter cup I've ever seen. You have your choice of dark, milk or white chocolate to compliment your peanut butter. When it comes to yogurt, I am fairly simple. Chocolate and vanilla swirl with cookie dough and brownie bits to top it off. The staff is always friendly and the place is always clean. I will be back the next time I'm in the area and need a FROYO fix. You pay by the ounce and it adds up quick, so be careful when swirling. Be sure to take advantage of the free samples before you fill up.
5	Just about everyone loves frozen yogurt and I am one of those people. U swirl is my favorite frozen yogurt place. They have lots of flavors and toppings you can put on. Nice people to. And they recently added a Rocky Mountain chocolate factory so when you go in not only are you greeted by frozen yogurt you are also greeted by lots of chocolate cakes and other chocolate foods. The frozen yogurt tastes absolutely delicious and feels great in the Vegas heat. I recommend going here if you love frozen yogurt, and chocolate.
4	Love this place! Great assortment of flavors and lots of different toppings. Everything was clean amd neat and the employee was kind. I will def be back next time I am in town.
5	I'm originally from Southern California and I'm used to a tutti-frutti or yogurt land on every corner I have to drive a pretty decent distance to get to this place but it's definitely worth it! I absolutely love the family-friendly atmosphere of U-swirl and all the flavors they have over 10 flavors all at one time and the cutest Decour inside they also have a Rocky Mountain chocolate factory it's amazing I recommend the Rockyroad candy apple best thing ever! Also the owner is really sweet I came in with a couple autistic clients of mine and she gave us discounts on our yogurt how sweet!
