3	Hopefully, third time's the charm. Heavenly is now the third Filipino bakery to open in this same spot in the Lee Lee's shopping center. First impression, clean, lots of product on shelves to choose from, friendly customer service.   I was only able to quickly eye their goodies, before my little one started trying to rearrange their product display, dropping a package of "Palitaw" on the floor. It didn't pop open, but I bought it anyway, since the fall made it's contents all jumbled up. Good thing I have fond memories of this treat from New Years in my Mamalo's house back home. I also ordered one of their Cheese pastries. Curious if it tasted like or better than the previous owners flaky cheese pastry. I paid with my debit (couldn't do that with the previous bakery) so that's a plus. While paying, I noticed off the back left of the store behind the register, was a refrigerator stacked with ready made take home dishes, like menudo, If i recall correctly. So, next time I'll definitely take one home, but, I didn't this time, because I still had to do my grocery shopping at LeeLee's. Once home, I tried the Palitaw. It was soft and pleasantly chewy with a non-sweet powdery coating. I think I recall coconut flakes on the ones my dad made for me back home. I'm not sure what the powdery coating is, it's got a subtle flavor of perhaps toasted crushed rice.  But, It might not be something everyone would like. If I were to compare it to something, it reminds me of mochi.  which i love.   I put these in the fridge and they didn't get hard.  I didn't treat the cheese pastry with care as I shopped around that day. When I got home to open the bag, it's top layer was almost all flaked off. So, I'll be ordering this again & eating straight from the case next time. Overall it was light and flaky and not greasy. The cheese filling was also nice, not too sweet.   My toddler loved this treat and that it wasn't overly sweet was good for her too.  I'd love it if they make another variation with some kind of fruit to contrast the cheese.  I'd like to go back without my little one, so that I can fully experience all that this 1 month new bakery has to offer & take better photos.  I'm giving them a middle of the board solid rating of 3 stars, A-OK.  I am expecting that on my next visit, Heavenly will be getting more stars.
3	I had stopped in also after stopping at lee lees to buy ingredients for home made Turon.  I was hoping to god they had my ensymada rolls with ube or macapuno in the middle but no luck.  I did however see a turnover with ube in it and also a roll with macapuno for 1.25 and 1.35.  I bought one of each and took them home to try them out.  The lady did not speak to me much and i had to say hello upon entering and what not. For some reasons Cebuanos tend to be more friendly towards me than i have had experiences with tagalog speaking filipinos.  I wore my manny pacquaio hoodie zip up but apparently she did not see the emblem.  As i got home i took the ube turnover out and took a bite. First initial reaction: Where is the ube???? Second reaction:  Why is the pastry part not sweeter?  I used to work at safeway bakerys and loved loved loved the turnovers and could not imagine why this did not wow me not only looking just like a triangle shaped turnover with sugar on top but it had ube in it! Should be wowing me at least! As for the macapuno turnover that looked like a pastry roll was very similar to the ube turnover just differently shaped.  i had to eat the top layer pull out the middle layer and the macapuno itself lacked a flavor the texture was there but not the flavor. I think i was so spoiled with goldilocks back home that nothing else can come close. If this bakery starts producing some red bean swirl loafs or ube rolls that are soft and decadent i will be more than happy and a satisfied customer but until then i will be on the look out for a filipino bakery that has at least one of my favorites whether it be ube or red bean bread, ube ensymada, or even some turon and carioca.  This bakeshop had all the little things i did not consume the most of at my aunts house parties. If they could combine the ube the kutsinta and the white doughy rice cakes like goldilocks has too i would even settle! If you are filipino or half like i am and know of some better places i would appreciate any information leading me to a more satisfied ending than what i have tried. =]
3	Lechon. 'Nuff said. you can get lechon on the weekends by the pound and we got two pounds with lots of crunchy skin! So good. Worth it! Of course when we were there I saw all the desserts and couldn't resist. Not the best bakery, but I enjoyed getting to eat Filipino desserts while I was in Phoenix. Lechon, go get it!
4	The owners of this bakery are originally from New Jersey and originally owned a chain of bakery shops of the same name until they sold them off and retired here. So, in terms of experience they have it, and they know their stuff.The lechon on weekends is on point. It's crispy and roasted the way I like it, Tagalog style! =) Yes, it does make a difference. =)Other things I'm a fan of there are their puto bungbong (glutinous rice with shredded coconut and sugar), the espasol (filipino rice cake made from rice flour cooked in coconut milk and sweetened coconut strips, dusted with toasted rice flour) it's true laguna to the pinoys. Their siopao is decent, the ensymada is lacking alot of topping, and the empanadas are okay not that great. Overall they have a wide selection of filipino baked goods at decent prices but you gotta try the lechon, at least a pound of it ($8.50). You oughta try it and keep this local filipino bakery around coz they're worth it.
4	Small, local owned/operated Filipino bake shop.  I only tried the 5 pack of Ube (Taro) stuffed cookies/pastries and found them DELICIOUS.. the have sesame seed sprinkled on them.  I wish I knew what most of it meant, but I tried my luck with the sweet ube pastry and really, really liked it!  I will be back and try more!  Thanks to all those (Jason B) that recommended pastries.. I definitely will try more out next time.
4	Lechon!  I had heard of this delicious pork dish from watching travel shows, and was excited to see they sold it here.  I got a pound to go, and it was all that I hoped it would be!  The pork is slow roasted for a long time to get a very crispy and crunchy skin, kind of like a pork chip!  The meat was very tender and full of flavor (And fat!  Don't think for a minute this is healthy for you!)  They included a special tangy-sweet gravy to dip the lechon in, which was wonderful.  I did not try any of the pastries, but they did look delectable.  They also sell chicharron for those that want to snack on something pork-like as well.  The lady at the counter was very nice and friendly.  If I want to go into a pork-coma again this is the place to go!Lechon: $8.50 per pound, sold on the weekendsChicharron: ~$2 for 2 ounces
2	Well, we've been here twice now.  First time we got pancit.  It was salty.  Not horrible but not great.  Today we mostly bought baked goods.  The pan de sal was mediocre.  The baliwag was mediocre.  The puto bungbong was very disappointing.
4	fresh pandesal and lechon!!!!  one pound is more more than enough for 3 people. they also have crispy pata and chicharin bulaklak. both i'll try when i go back next week. so glad there's a place here in Chandler that could satisfy my craving for lechon at a very affordable price. $8.95 for a pound. I also got the fresh pandesal. it was light and fluffy but a bit too sweet for my taste.
5	This place has everything!!  I stopped by on a Saturday afternoon for the first time and was so surprised at how different it was from previous owners in this location.  All items are baked fresh on the premises and every rack and shelf was full of goodies to choose from. My haul included hopia with mongo beans, espasol, palitaw, ginataan, puto bumbong, an ube loaf, turon, vegetable lumpia, a container of tokwat baboy, and I couldn't pass up a lb.of lechon for $8.50  I will be back very soon, besides the ready to eat food, they also had for purchase, bags of lumpia that you could take and cook at home.  I'm so thrilled they owners decided to come out of retirement and open this wonderful bakeshop.
4	Stopped here mid-afternoon on a weekday for pandesal. They had a large selection, but asked if I was willing to wait 5 minutes for fresh ones. Waiting for the pandesal, I purchased an Ube Roll and Brazo de Mercedes. Everything had a traditional flavor and was fairly fresh except for the Ube Roll.
4	A Filipino bakery in Arizona? Yes!Stopped in after shopping for groceries at the Lee Lee's in the same complex and buying drinks at the Boba Tea House down the row.  Stepped in and was surprised to find ube, pan de sal, manapua, empanadas, and even adobo.Very tasty and reminded me of Hawai'i.  Definitely worth the visit and food fix.
4	Virtually always have a pleasant experience here.Service is warm and friendly.Love some of their pastry selections.Lechon on Sundays! *woo hoo*Will definitely return. Again! ^_^
1	We ordered lechon for Christmas and it was by far the worst lechon I have ever tasted. The skin was not crispy and it was way too salty. Our guests hardly touched the lechon. And what is the deal with the box they put the lechon? It had shoe marks all over it!!!! Im thinking it was a box that was on the floor, they walked over it and they assembled it and put the lechon inside. Unbelievable!!!!
4	I finally was able to try this place out.  We ordered the cheese bread, pork BBQ, soipao, and the fried bangos.   The cheese bread is amazing.  The pork BBQ was ok.  The meat was too lean.  The soipao would be perfect but there was barely any meat. The fried bangos had too many fish bones.  It was too much work so I did not eat it.   The service was excellent and the employees were really nice.  If they put more meat in the soipao I would definitely buy it again and even pay a little more.
5	Steamed Buns = Catherine Zeta Jones in the movie EntrapmentPork n Rice = San Fransisco 49ers in the 80'sService = Pete Sampras
3	Filipino bakeshop in Chandler, AZ AND it's right by LeeLee's Oriental Market (1 out of 2 Asian Markets in the area).  I have very mixed feeling about this place because it's the first Filipino place we found when we moved here 3 years ago. The staff is very friendly...like we've known I have had the hot food specials here which was pretty good.  Lechon is only served Sat and Sun but is worth the wait (treat) during the week.  My mother in law loves the fresh hot pan de sol but again only offered on the weekends.  We have bought the frozen egg rolls and cooked them at home; were very happy with the crispiness and quality if them.I have had the sweets and bake goods but was not very happy.  They were either old or flavorless.  I wouldn't buy the food in the fridge because I rather have the freshly cooked food specials they have.  Since we came from CA, I'm used to Red Ribbon or Goldilocks quality pastries.We go here often for only certain things so that is why I gave this place 3 stars.
5	I love Filipino food.  Ever since ginger root decided to close.  I've been looking for a good Filipino restaurant and I think this is the place.  Sisig over rice.  Lechon laing and the desserts are on poooooint. Always hits the spot.
2	So excited to eat here today but decided to take out food instead. The lechon looks so good and crispy but when I got home, only the top part is great but everything else beneath the one-pound order is burnt. Dang it! Don't sell the burnt lechon/meat coz you're gonna lose customers and worse, first timers will not recommend you to others...get it?And the pork bbq? Oh i thought I was served adobo in a stick. Soooo sour!But the cheese bread is good at least.
1	Tried to call in an order, and told the person on the phone I wanted pancit but with certain veggies withheld. He seemed confused, and said he "couldn't do that". So I thanked him and hung up. I guess he's not used to catering to customers' preferences.
3	But,it didn't do anything for me.I had the chocolate chocolate chip and it was decent but nothing special.There was a long line outside but that was just because it is such a small place.I waited no more than ten minutes in line.If you're in the area and the line is moving then it might be worth checking out but I can't suggest going out of your way to go to the bakery.
