4	Looks like Archie's has moved from their location near Walmart to across the street from Mountainside Fitness.  The new location has a large amount of seating and looks like they can easily manage large parties of diners.My favorite part is still the pickles they offer when you get seated.  Sandwiches are original, creative and well made.  The prices are on the high side, but I am always going to prefer a non-chain alternative to the chains such as Jason's deli etc.  On a future visit I am going to try the Macaroni Salad as a side.  Fries were ok, potato salad was ok, but still looking for the amazing side dish.  Definitely great to have as many non-chain owned dining options in Surprise as we can get.
1	The manager (and/or owner) is a rude jerk.  We have been to this establishment on several occasions and very much enjoyed the service and food. They have tongue by the pound on the take-out menu only, so I would always get  1/2 pound of tongue and they would simply charge me the same price plus an extra dollar for a single slice of challah bread.  Fine.  On our 7th or 8th visit, the wacko manager intercepts our waitress and orders her to tell us that tongue is unavailable by the pound for dining in.  We respond by telling her we've ordered this several times in the past and are willing to pay an up-charge for the plate or whatever else the manager thinks is fair. He then comes to our table, repeats that he will not serve us tongue by the pound at any price.  By this time, the waitress delivered our coffee and ice tea. As we prepared to leave, I asked how much we owed for the drinks. He responded by saying: "Just get out!"
2	Mommy/daughter day. Went for haircuts nearby and my 10 year old decided to give Jewish deli a try. While we loved the food, the service was awful. Got the early bird special of a corned beef ruben (they split it in the kitchen for us) and I asked to add a bowl of soup (the early bird menu states it is $1.95 to add soup or salad). I asked if the matzo ball soup was available for that. Ended up being charged full price ($4.50) because the server didn't "understand" me. Shared the blintzes for dessert. Yum!All the savory items needed seasoning, but in our area (many seniors) most places under salt. This was no exception. No problem, there is salt on the table. My 10 year old is now a covert to Matzo ball soup!Our server ignored us most of the time. We sat with our menus closed in front of us for over 10 minutes. Our server only had 1 other table. I paid $2.50 for an iced tea that was never refilled. When our bill turned up wrong, it took me almost 10 minutes to get her attention as she never looked over to our table. Then she ARGUED with me about it. It was my first time there and I knew more about the menu than she did! Finally she said she would pay the difference out of her own pocket. That's a nice way of saying she didn't want to get caught making a mistake. I asked for the manager.I am generally a really good tipper. I've been a server and/or server trainer for most of my life. When I got the bill, under tip I wrote, "get a different job".I would eat there again, but not with that server or I'd get my food to go.
4	Yes I am a fan so far. Had a breakfast burrito here and it was really good it was bacon potato egg and cheese. The portion was filling the taste was delicious. I know it seems plain. But you can tell bacon was good quality. You had breakfast in every bite. You know what I mean you get a burrito and you don't get bacon until the end or it has two pieces of potato and all egg or even when the cheese is not evenly distributed. You so t get that with this burrito.  Now I understand it is a deli so I plan on trying deli style sandwiches in future. The menu is packed of goodies I don't even know what to start with. I will not forget to tell you about the fresh baked goods the have in their display. Please take a good look at that when you visit. There is a sweet for everyone. The staff is friendly I did pick up so I did not have opportunity to dine there. One day I will let you know how that goes. There are daily lunch specials so that's nice to know. Prices are a bit higher but from what I hear it is worth it. I believe in good quality and that's what happens with good stuff.  I say give Archies a chance I will be going again. Thanks Angela for introducing me to this fine establishment.
3	First of all we are so glad that you didn't go out of business, however had If i had not owned a computer and was nosey enough to search you out we would not have known where you moved too.With that said same great food, people are very friendly,  prices, well, I had a HALF turkey sandwich, with the Mac salad, and hubby had pastrami with potato salad.  We both had water, and the check was $20 before tip.  For lunch, in this area that is still a bit pricey.  We would come more often or order dessert if the prices where lower,
1	A friend recently went into Archie's new location and confirmed that my opinion about the same rude-jerk owner! She asked about making arrangements to have a group lunch there.  The owner interrupted her and said they are not interested in hosting groups there (and lost my friend's business).
5	Great vegetarian dishes; You can't go wrong with the veg hash. They have moved and expanded. Great outside seating and nice addition with the bar, menu extension and longer hours.
5	Because I can go here after work, have a drinky drink, watch some game, and not have to have a conversation with the closest drunkard.Because I can go here on Sunday morning, on my bicycle (get those bike racks soon) and not have to dress up in my Sunday all get out best.Because if I want a whoopie pie, carrot cake slice, brownie, red velvet cupcake, peach cobbler, and a bowl of rice pudding for my own house party, I don't have to buy more than what I need.Because Archies is the kind of place, where you can just relax, eat, be happy and leave, and be home in a matter of minutes. It's just a great little place.
4	We split an talian Grinder $12.00. Good thing it was huge and delicious french fries are delicious too. Sat outside, music was fairly loud but nice experience. Definately coming back
3	Very pricey, Price for what you get this is Surprise not Manhattan. I get a little nervous spending 13 bucks on a sandwich! Unless it's high-end location.  There's another New York style deli half a block away just as good but a 1/3 less price wise.
3	Glad to learn you moved to a new location as your old place was pretty shabby (i.e., worn-out seating, dirty floor covering, restrooms needed attention).  Now we understand why the last 3 times we ate the old place, the food was not as good as our previous visits...as you were focused on new location & hopefully a new chef/cooks.  The stuffing that came w/my husband's turkey dinner was like something Gordon Ramsey finds in those nasty dirty kitchens. Even his 2 bites & my one bite that I spit out, made us both sick within an hour.  But, your lox & bagel platter in the best!
2	I do recommend this place for their great breakfast dishes and gut busting sandwiches and I like the fact that it's not a chain restaurant like about 95% of the other eateries in Surprise.  But I really do wish the breakfast cook knew how to cook an egg.  I have NEVER had a medium-well egg in this place.  (A med-well egg is flipped, unbroken yolk, yolk cooked to have a firm but wet-appearing center).  I hate it when the egg white is runny and the only way to get an eatable egg at Archies is to order a scrambled egg or a well done egg.  And my last complaint about Archies is that sometimes the waitresses can get a bit distracted which means the service suffers a bit.  Don't you just hate it when they never come back for a refill on your coffee?Other than those two issues this is a good place to visit for a good (not great) breakfast.
4	Archie is now at a new location, they are located at a place that has gone through four other franchises in four years! Takes a lot of guts to make this move. I was never that impressed with them at their old location, this is why I have only been their a couple of times. But recently the wife and I had breakfast there. It was great! I had their bacon, egg, cheese , and bagel sandwich. Very good, going to have it again. Also shared the cinamon apple pancakes. I will never know why I always want to try this special pancakes when I just love the plains! But this was good anyway.  ,Make sure you're hungry, lot's of food, and great dessert.
3	Not the best latkes but mom's Kreplach soup and rice pudding were nummy. The server forgot my clam chowder, but I didn't remember till I got home. Other diners had super sized sandwiches so I told mom we should go back, split a sandwich, and then attack the carrot cake and lemon bars in the cold case. I do want to go back to give the knishes a try. Clean and very friendly service. The food came in good time and was hot and plentiful. I will definitely return.
5	Great food and Friendly service.  New location is great and easy access.   Sandwiches are huge and lots of meat.  So I get the half sandwich with is more than enough.  I recommend the turkey sandwich it's great.  I give this place a 5 stars because it's a great value for quality food.   Deserts are homemade and delicious!
3	I liked the other location better but I am glad they are still in existence.  I like that this is not a chain and this is definitely the place to get a good lox and bagel.
1	Surprise never Surprises me when it comes to a nice dining experience.  It is consistently below average.  It took a long time to be greeted at the table. The lady server was unpleasant and gruff  but seemed to take on a more pleasant attitude later on.  We were served our dinner and did not see her for awhile and then she presented the bill when I was still eating my dinner. "NO RUSH!" is what she said as I had my fork to my mouth. Ugh. Fortunately for the business I did notice a young man serving tables near us and his demeanor was awesome and accommodating to the patrons he was serving.  I was envious and would have paid double to be waited on by him.  We rarely have time to eat out, so this is a place we will not be revisiting.
3	I use to go here all the time when they were at the old location on Litchfield and Bell and the food was spectacular. Since the move, the food quality and service has gone downhill. I honestly wouldn't recommend.
2	Very disappointed with the open faced roast beef. No seasoning whatsoever! Service was good and the coleslaw was tasty but won't be returning.
4	It wouldn't be fair to compare to Katz's, Carnegie or Stage deli in NYC....but for Surprise AZ, the corned beef and pastrami are pretty good.  I ordered Corned beef and Pastrami at the counter to take home.  Service was soooo painfully slow, and waiting for the ticket to pay was even more painful. I had to ask for Challah and half sour pickles, because I didn't see any at the counter...I was told they were in the back.  Hmmmm?  If you want to sell something, people have to know you have it to sell.With that being said, the meats were good. Sliced thin, very fresh and moist. Liked the pastrami better than the corned beef, but both were tasty. Coleslaw was very good, and I piled that on my challah bread, to make a sandwich.  Challah was delish.  Very eggy, soft and light on the inside.  They sliced it for me, a bit thick, next time I will ask for it sliced thinner.Potato knish, I have to say, was good too....A little different outside than I am used to, but tasty as well.  Filled with lots of onion and creamy potatoes.  They also have meat and veggie knish's.My favorite, the half sour pickle.  Hard to come by around here, and you have to ask for them, because they are not in the deli case.  As a pickle aficionado, I can attest to this being a very good half sour!For tomorrow morning, I got a small amount of nova lox cream cheese for my bagel ( which I buy elsewhere), and gotta tell you, that is one heck of a good cream cheese. The restaurant is good sized and they have a nice shaded patio dining area too.  I don't know what the old place looked like, but this place is clean, large, lots of parking and was pretty crowded at lunch time on a Tuesday afternoon. Next time I go, I'm trying the potato salad and picking up some chive cream cheese....maybe a blintz or two.
4	Love it
3	Food was great! Fish fry and a pastrami. Delicious, fries potato salad and coleslaw yummy too. Why 3 stars? Owners of Archie's deli figure out your hours!!!! We came in a few minutes before 8pm tonight (a Friday) and as we sat down they turned off the open sign. The door and online and on yelp says the close at 10 on Fridays. We asked the server then he goes into a spiel about how usually he leaves work by 8 on Fridays. So we feel bad and rushed to hurry and leave now. As we're getting the check a couple comes in and is pissed that they are "closed" I don't blame her if you say you're closed at 10 closing two hours early isn't okay. Post a sign of new summer hours or something!!! Having worked in restaurants for way too long before I hated that last table of the night and waiting for them to leave so I could leave, so when I go out I never go to a restaurant within an hour of them closing because I hate dining with my server looming over me waiting for me to leave. So I will be back but only for a weekend lunch so I'm not being rushed out the door.
3	Archies is just ok. Their food is mediocre and microwaved. I wish some more effort would be put into the food and the service is uninviting, and rude at times. It is really a hit or miss place. I do really wish for some higher quality food because New York Flavor is a very short walk away and I can better food for cheaper over there. And it is very pricey so be warned.
2	Went for a quick lunch and sat at the bar. Toasted turkey Sandwich overwelming tasted like butter.  Also 2.50 for a club soda with no lime straight from the gun is a pet peeve of mine. On top of that I took three sips just to wash the butter taste from my mouth cause it was bad.  I can have a 18 dollar lunch anywhere and I think I will try somewhere else next time I'm in surprise
1	Breakfast was fine and economical.  I had the two egg special with Ham and an English muffin. Muffin was a little old dry.  It was fine but not easy to wrong.  Coffee was great but the creamer packs included some empties. Thought that was a miss but maybe it  too early to catch empties. We've been to Archie's about 5 times at both the old and new locations. It's always been a little better than OK.  We like to support local restaurants and Archie's kept us coming back. But whoa; after breakfast made a quick stop at their restrooms.  Men's room was not even close to clean with tissues in shoved  in all facilities and no paper towels or hand dryers and no hand soap. My partner reported an equally distressing condition in the Women's room also without hand cleaning facilities.  So the huge question we have is where do their food prep folks wash up after they visit the restroom?  Sadly we won't be going back.
3	Went in for breakfast. Seating had food crumbs on it. The menu was also dirty, it made me want to leave but I was hungry enough to stay. I'm glad I did. The French toast was great. Service was very good. 1 star for cleanliness but 5 stars for the French toast. Don't know if I'll go back for awhile, I think they need some time to clean things up.
1	Decent pastrami sandwich but the customer service was so blatantly bad it completely overshadowed the food. No hello from the hostess, sat down and handed a menu. No goodbye from what appeared to be the manager who made direct eye contact when I walked out the door. Server was rather rough around the edges and when trying to gauge size difference for a lunch sandwich I asked, "how big is the half sandwich?" and she replied, "about half the size of the full sandwich."  I look forward to reviewing the next restaurant that leases this space because with pathetic customer service like this, the business will not last due to so much competition at this price point in the area.
4	The food here is very good and when you are looking for an alternative to the franchise chains that line the streets of Surprise, then this is an excellent choice. First off, the pickles (free to table) are amazing!!! Like some of the best I've ever had. I had a burger and it also did not disappoint. My wife had a Reuben that was one of the best I have ever tasted that wasn't in manhattan. Very attentive service and I look forward to my next visit. However, there is reason I am not giving this place 5 stars. First, it more expensive than it really should be. The sandwich was great, but it wasn't a $12 sandwich. Second, they call it a deli but it's not. It's a sit down restaurant. That being said, it's still a great place to eat and I look forward to trying their whole menu. This is the type of place you could go and never get the same thing twice.
5	Archie's is by far my favorite place in Surprise. Everything I've had had been so filling and perfectly delicious. Lots of vegetarian options which is hard to find in a deli! My favorite, favorite part though is the desert. All homemade, and everything (again) that I've tried has been amazing! I stop in regularly for a lemon bar and/or the red velvet cupcakes. Just thinking about them is making me crave it ugh. I'm not a meat eater, but when I see people get their meat sandwiches at other tables they are absolutely so giant and look incredible! Come with an appetite, for sure. All reasonably priced!!!! Thank you Archie's!!!
1	Rude customer service , microwaved food , Owners will tell you to your face there not interested if they dont wanna accommodate your needs that day. They keep moving locations probably because they have worn down there welcome in the community everywhere they go .. 3 different locations in 5 years .
4	There were 19 of us for dinner on a Friday night and everyone got served relatively fast.  The food was awesome.  I had the fish fry which was a special for Friday and the fish was excellent, served with good french fries and cole slaw.  The prices here are very good and they have a huge menu.  Everyone ordered something different and they all looked good.  I would like to go back to try things on the early bird menu which is reasonably priced.
4	Had a great meal. My husband had a great lean corned beef sandwich. The cabbage soup was perfect and my tongue hit the spot. My  mother-in-law had a super matzah ball soup with bagel chips and I love sour pickles. Look forward to going back when we are in the neighborhood.
5	It's like our own Carnegie Deli in Surprise!  Bagels and lox?  Check!  More pastrami on a sandwich than any one human can eat in a sitting?  Check!  Bialys? Knishes?  Corned beef?  Check, check, check!If you love a New York deli, but hate freezing your arse off, Archie's is for you!
5	Well...I have found my new favorite place to grab a good sandwich for lunch while here in Arizona.  Friendly staff and good music as well as the lovely display cases with some mouthwatering desserts make a good first impression.  While looking at the many options on the menu our server brought some tasty pickles as well as pickled tomatoes which I've never had but not bad at all.  As far as food goes my husband ordered a half pastrami sandwich and I had to try a bite.  Juicy, warm spiced just right pastrami was complimented with the right amount of sauerkraut and Russian dressing.  I had the prime bite which had a perfect roast beef, a cream cheese spread with some caraway.  Lovely addition to the overall flavor of the sandwich.  Even my daughter's grilled cheese on challah bread was toasted perfectly.  Big sandwiches meaning you get your bang for your buck.
