4	We almost passed up eating at this diamond in the ruff.  We were staying at the Marriott and one night it was late, we didn't feel like going out, so we were picking between the places there... we picked right!  This is a quiet little place tucked away down restaurant row at the Rampart Casino.  While unassuming from the outside and the setup, the food was great!  While I can't say that its the best pub food I've ever eat, its defiantly in my top 3. If you are looking for a decently priced simple place in Vegas with good food, then check it out.  While its probably not worth the drive from the strip just for the eats, its great if you want a change of pace.
3	Fish and chips typical irish fare, have some good bands that plays there as well great for happy hour and hang outs great staff as well. U2 tribute band Joshua tree usually plays out there.
3	Your typical Irish Pub, Wooloughan's is located inside the Rampart Casino/JC Marriott Hotel on the far west side of town at Summerlin Pkwy & Rampart.  We arrived about 8pm on a Friday evening and the place seemed fairly busy.  We waited at the door for a hostess to serve us, but after several minutes with no acknowledgement of our existence, we walked in and got the attention of a server, and she sat us in her station.  She was very friendly and seemed to be in good spirits.  It is always nice to have a server with a happy disposition!We both started with a cup of their roasted corn chowder with bacon and it was thick, flavorful and very satisfying. For my entree, I went with their grilled vegetable salad and added grilled salmon to it for $3 which was a bargain, because it was a good-sized filet (about 6 oz).  Our server said the salad was really good, but I am going to have to say it was just good.  While the salmon was cooked perfectly, the vegetables were just OK. Some were rather bland and the lemon caper dressing was a little boring too. Salt and pepper helped, but couldn't make up for an uninspired salad.  And while the menu lists asparagus as the first ingredient, there were only 3 very skinny spears, which was a bit disappointing.My date chose the shephard's pie, which was a bit of a let down too.  It tasted like canned chili with mashed potatoes on top. I've had shepard's pie before, and they usually have a beef stew flavor, not a beef chili flavor.  Oh well.  He ate all of it anyway.Our dessert was actually quite good ... We shared the apple crisp and it was a generous serving of Granny Smith apples baked with cinnamon and sugar and topped with pastry crumbles and served with a scoop of vanilla ice cream.  Very tasty and the apples were cooked just right.Overall, it is an "A-OK" place and I would eat there again if I was in the area, but I don't think I would make a special trip for the food.
4	We've been going to Wooloughan's for more than five years, and discovered it even before we decided to move to Vegas.  We like the food a lot, especially the special burger, which has a lot of good seasoning.  DH really likes the Shepherd's Pie.  The best part of the food, though, are those fabulous potato croquettes, which you can get as a side instead of the usual fries that are served everywhere else.  If I could order a plate of those, I might consider killing the diet for them!Our favorite attraction, though, is John Windsor, a British/Irish singer and guitar player, who's terrific.  He plays on Wednesday and Thursday nights, and does a lot of traditional and fun Irish numbers, as well as a lot of contemporary stuff.  He has a really nice voice and is a very accomplished guitarist.  My rave for Wooloughan's doesn't extend to the Rampart Casino.  It's close to where we live, so we were going there quite often for our low-roller gambling adventures.  But it took me too long to realize that the Casino does not value its loyal customers.  All those visits and never a single freebie or comp or anything.  Unfortunately, this has translated to many fewer visits to the Pub, since it now requires an AHAH moment to remind us that it's there, it's nearby, and that we haven't been there in a while.Maybe tomorrow night!
3	This is another one of the better restaurants at the JW Marriott resort. They really pulled off the irish pub atmosphere and had a great traditional Irish menu. The staff were also very friendly and accommodating.Unfortunately when I was there for lunch at 11:30, they were out of the dish that I wanted (a Guiness beef stew). I settled for the shepherds pie which was good, but not great. I would give it another shot if I am ever staying at this hotel again.
2	This review is strictly about the food... J.C.'s is a nice pub and is a fun place to hang out with friends...That said, the menu has been pared down significantly.  They used to have an awesome thatch (sp?) salad and more Irish breakfast items.  For "bar food" they are fine BUT I wouldn't drive to J.C.'s for the food.  My husband had the fish & chips.  He said the batter was "gross". I had their chicken tenders which use to be awesome  (they weren't your ordinary tenders) but now they are sadly, ordinary indeed.  The "chips" were nothing to write home about either... My husband ordered the apple crisp desert to go.  He thought that was the best part of the meal.  Our server was very pleasant and confirmed that the menu had been reduced.  I still prefer J.C.'s to Three Angry Wives atmosphere wise but if Fado's were still open, there would be no contest.
2	Pretty underwhelmed.  Service was pretty good and servers offered suggestions, prices are reasonable, however the food was a major let down to me.  I judge an irish restaurant by their corned beef and cabbage and this left much to be desired.  Corned Beef was dry, cabbage was a little undercooked, and I am used to the traditional mashed potatoes.  JC offers fried mashed potatoes and cabbage cooked with bacon.  While this experience wasnt horrible... I have had much much better.
3	A good stop on the St Pattys Day pub crawl.
1	I went there for their st. patrick's day kickoff, and it was terrible. I didnt eat the food, but I ordered a smithwicks and guinness black and tan. The bar tender sank the guinness, and left a head that filled half the glass... then tried to serve it to me. When I sent it back she made an excuse about the guinness coming from a new keg and she couldnt make me another one. Then when I complained again, she went to the back to talk to the person in charge. Out walks some Italian guido who tells me that this is how guinness is SUPPOSED to be poured. Being an alchy, ive probably had a pint at 200 different pubs between the UK and US, and i've never seen incompetence like this. How do you own an Irish pub if you cant even pour a proper pint? Never again will I enter this cheap excuse for an irish pub knockoff.
4	This is my favorite Irish pub in town.  It has a very authentic feel for being attached to a casino, (probably due in no small part to the fact that the interior was reassembled from a true Irish pub deconstructed and shipped here,) and it doesn't try to be more than what it is - a pub.  No gimmicks.  The service is good and the appetizers are in my opinion better than the entrees, (as it should be for a pub.)  Try the sausage bites or the fries with white gravy.  Depending on when you're there, the atmosphere can get lively, too.  Lots of locals.  For the person looking for an honest pub, this is your spot.
4	I came in here looking for something other than a typical Las Vegas buffet and found J.C. Wooloughan. It is a quaint Irish pub that serves great food! My husband and I found this cozy nook to sit in that had it's own television. It's nice having privacy after a long day at work! The inside is practically all dark wood . It looked so warm and inviting It made me feel like I was stepping in from the blistering cold into a warm cozy pub. We all know it was like 109 degrees outside though! The waiter stopped by to get our drink order. I asked for Mountain Dew he gave me Sprite. My husband said they might have not had Mountain Dew and just replaced it with something equal . In my book nothing is equal to the Dew! I found out later while we were paying our bill that they do have Mountain Dew! It's okay though the waiter was tending bar too so it was an honest mistake. The appetizers looked yummy so I ordered those instead of a full meal. I started with the Potato Croquettes which were like fried mashed potatoes . They served them with Ranch sauce and their home made mustard. The mustard was really good! I had the Pretzel which was okay it was like the ones you get at the movie theater. They served it with what tasted like a beer cheese sauce. I found myself dipping more into the mustard then the cheese sauce. The sauce tasted too bland for me. We ended the meal with Sticky Toffee Pudding . It was plum cake drizzled with warm butter toffee and served with candied walnuts and Devon cream. It was delicious! I would want to come back and try their other offerings on the menu like their Steak Tips or their Corned Beef and Cabbage. I'm always up for something new!
4	This pub is buried deep inside the Marriott in Summerlin, so park your ride in the back of the hotel and you can walk right into the restaurant area without breathing in the exciting smells of a Las Vegas casino floor.Quaint decor, dark wood  dart boards, it's what you would expect in a reproduction Irish pub. It's fine.Seat yourself in a booth or table, your choice. We were served by Monika, a delightful server who made us and our angelic boys extremely welcome. Food; it's ok, the menu is not large but has the staples expected in an Irish pub. Bangers, Pies, Fish & Chips. I had a steak, nicely cooked with mushrooms and onions and a side of mash. Wifee had sausage rolls which she raved over. Kids had chicken tender/finger/nugget things. What else?Guinness was cold, there were a table of noisy New Yorkers adjacent who kept us amused. Great night, we will return.
3	I'm going to assume our poor waitress has experience with people walking out without paying because during both times I was there she brought up the question: "so who's paying for all this" to our group.  A little odd to me, you don't usually get asked that in a restaurant.The service was quite slow, notably when it's not busy.  The bar is in a resort though, outside a Casino, so maybe I just don't understand their clientele and norms there.The beer still tasted great.  I can't see you spending much time here though, unless you're grabbing a beer after a long conference or meeting...I'd rather head to the strip for more selection and location.
3	Stopped in for lunch and grabbed a quick bite.  Not terribly busy on this Saturday afternoon.  Wife got some kind of soup and sandwich which looked good.  I got the sliders.  Kind of expected them to come with cheese, but this was more my fault since it did not say anything about cheese on the menu.  I guess it was wishful thinking on my part.The sliders were ok, but inundated with carmelized onions.  Probably a lot of folks would like these, guess it just did not hit my palate the right way.  If you are staying at JW Marriott or in the Casino, then this is an ok choice, but not thrilling.  Guess I mean to say, "good enough".
3	Nothing terribly special about this pub though it was pushed heavily by the hotel staff as the place to hit when there.  I had the vegetable beef soup and a hot turkey sandwich which came on Texas toast. The soup was tasty but the sandwich was kind of meh. My husband had sliders which werent cheesed. Some places cheese the sliders, some don't. I think that those that don't should ask if you want it cheesed. Just your basic courtesy. ;)Considering we were the only people in the restaurant who were eating anything, I was surprised at how slow the service was. The other 3 patrons were all drinking beer and watching the game so it was very low maintenance. Our server was nice enough though and kept my drink full.So while some people get their panties in a bunch over 3 stars, for me, 3 stars just means that it was an average place doing average stuff. Nothing special, nothing bad...just average. And JC wooloughan's Irish Pub was average at best.
4	I'm a sucker for a good Irish pub. Probably because of all the Irish, freckled, fair-haired, fish and chips eating, Guinness drinking blood in my veins. And J C Wooloughan's provides just what I need!The decor is very nice...I'm a fan of authentic Irish bars that are shipped over from the Emerald Isle and reconstructed here. They have bands that play a few nights of the week. Unlike some of the sloppy bars, they pour a proper Guinness here. And for beer mixes, I advise passing on the Black & Tan and instead head for the Black & Black...Guinness with a squirt of black currant juice. If you've never had it, try it! It changes the taste and complexity of the drink tremendously! If you're a Blue Moon fan, go for the Black & Blue, or Eclipse as it's sometimes called which is Guinness over Blue Moon.The happy hour is great! It's daily from 3-6 and 10:30-close. It includes 50% drafts, including the great beer mixes, and an appetizer special that changes daily. With the HH discount it makes the drafts something like $3 each, which is a fucking bargain in my book!I haven't eaten much here yet. The pretzels are tasty. The fish and chips were really good, nice big pieces of fish cooked perfectly! And the beef stew was very enjoyable as well.So even though it's a little ways away from my house, I'll continue to make the drive up here for the tasty grub and the awesome happy hour draft deals.
4	It has become a tradition for my hockey family party every St Patty Day here at the Irish Pub. I know there are lot of others Irish Pubs or lets be honest any Irish Pub on St Patty Day is going be great time! I just review the things I like about this particular Irish Pub. Its located in the Rampart Casino first of all so if you feel like getting some gambling in same time that always plus or minus. They have beer garden set up right in the courtyard area right outside the Pub with stage and have band (usually U2 cover band) plays that night. Unfortunately you could not have asked worst weather so this year they shut it down all night. =(  Restaurant inside or the bar area not that big so once it gets packed. Crazy. They have lot of different beers on tap and even have table personnel tap pour Guinness (think couple other options; charge by the amount) fresh. Lot of widescreen tv around the restaurant keep you update with sports. Think most nights sure on weekend they have live band plays in the Pub. I like the food although mainly go here too drink. I had the reuben sandwich. Enjoy.
4	Our retreat from the walkers and blue-hairs that surrounded us in the Casino.  We had no idea that we would be the only people between the ages of 21 and 60 in the hotel/casino.We had an absolute blast here! They do have live music and the band was great.  We ordered some bar food - potato skins and chicken fingers - and they were just a greasy and delicious as I hoped.  And to my surprise, they make awesome cocktails.  The best sidecar I have had to date!I was glad we found this place, it definitely made our night.
4	One of my all-time favorite pubs.  Great design and atmosphere.  I like that it's in a casino.  Food is great.. bangers & mash my favorite.  I wish they hadn't gotten rid of the potato croquets though.  Those were the best.  They also have Franziskaner!!  Beer prices good... great during happy hour (wish i remembered the hours).
4	First time at this pub. Its inside the JW Marriot back in the shop and restaurant area. But you pretty much go thru casino to get there unless u know back entrance. Don't try it.Parking kinda sucks. So do all you can while inside the resort.Authentic Irish pub feel and decor. Bar was busy but alot of seating and barstools so no problem. Tv's going with sports and emphasis on soccer but when not on all games open.Bartender was friendly and poured a couple different beers for to try. I always ask the barkeep to recommend a local or favorite to try something new. Sometimes you find a gem.They had food but I was just taking a drink break. From what I saw it looked ok but wasn't feeling the food.Good happy hour deals. Overall experience I liked the vibe, the feel was good and priced right. Will repeat.
3	Good food, good live music, good service & good prices.Try the hot dog with your beer, you wont be disappointed.
2	I've been here a handful of times.  If you are in the Rampart then by all means you should stop in for typical Irish grub and Irish beer...If I am heading out with an Irish pub in mind however, I am not coming here.
1	I went to this place when it first opened and many times thereafter. I also enjoyed some of the best Irish food to be had in Vegas at Wooloughan.  I went back a few days ago and what a surprise, remember this is supposed to be an Irish Pub, but it was and is no longer such a place. The new place has the same decor but that is where it stops,      The menu had a total of 5 Irish dishes on it. The rest were plain bar food, hot dogs,hamburgers, and stuff like that. I ordered potato soup leek soup and got a thin soup with TexasToast !. Asked for soda bread and was told they don't serve that any more.  I ordered corned beef and cabbage and got chopped cabbage,fried in bacon grease and sliced deli corned beef that was over cooked. It WAS AWFUL.      If you want Irish food, DO NOT GO HERE.
2	Still looks like a cool pub but the management has a knack of ruining the menu.  First, the took out the potato croquets... probably their most popular appetizer type item, they've switched up their bangers and mash with new bangers that aren't as good, they don't have soda bread anymore and now they got rid of the Franziskaner Hefe which is my favorite so I'm back to going to YardHouse to get it.  I used to like to come by here, place a few bets on a mon. night football game and watch the game to some Franz and irish food... but now I'm going to find somewhere else to hang out.
3	Great corned beef sandwich with cole slaw.  I would eat here the next time I stay at the Marriott.  This meal was surprisingly tasty and a good value for the costs.  Was kinda quiet and empty so 3 stars instead of 4 but it was 4 star food.
2	Man, I just don't like this place.  I've tried it 3 times now, and every time I leave disappointed.The food isn't great.  It's an Irish bar, but their Shepherd's pie is bland!  That should be one of their specialties!  Tonight, I had a teriyaki chicken sandwich.  The chicken patty was one of those frozen ones that have the fake grill marks on it and the teriyaki sauce was so salty, I had to scrape it off.  And the drinks aren't that great a price, either.  My glass of house wine was $8!!!!Also, the service just isn't there.  We waited at least 10 minutes for a waitress to come by, then heard the couple next to us ask for their check.  This is how that conversation went:"Hey, we haven't seen our waitress in a long time and need our check.""OK, what's her name?""Ummm, I don't know.""Well, if you don't know her name, I can't get her." (umm, wtf?)"We just want our check.""I can't access other people's checks.""Can you just get a manager to give us our check?"...and the waitress walked away.  They were just left there, hopelessly waiting for their waitress to come back.Just go somewhere else.
2	Worst onion soup I had (and it was part of a special), bad service, we never got the dessert (also included in our menu), the ribeye steak was very tough and the mixed vegetable consisted of a spoonful of peas with two thin slices of carrots. We aren't going back there for sure.
3	Good beer place.  Had soup and it was fine, not home made for sure but ok. The bartender was efficient but not friendly.
3	The decor is nice, like an Irish bar.  I had the cuban sandwich and it was good.   Nothing to blow my mind ,but i finished it along with the crunchy fries.  Good in a pinch, but I would not go out of my way to really come here.
1	I'm struggling to find something redeeming about JC Wooloughans.  The bartenders were oblivious and when we did place our order it took 15+ minutes whether it was beer or a glass of water - while sitting at the bar.  We asked for menus, which took a while to get too.  So, when we attempted to place our order the bartender told us the kitchen just closed 5 mins ago.  Seriously, wouldn't that have been important info to share when we asked for menus?
3	Great food. Very slow service.
4	Service was decent--we were in a hurry and were hungry, and the food came out fairly quickly. Our waitress was on it with refilling our water.Chicken tenders were hot and tasty, minestrone was hot and okay, salmon was cooked well and tasty.
4	Good atmosphere, decent selection of beers. The bangers and mash was spot on. My go to place to relax, have a beer and a bit of food. If your in a hurry this probably isn't the place for you.
1	The first time we ate here, it wasn't bad.  Tonight, however, I couldn't eat my food.  I ordered a corned beef sandwich, which came on rye with jack cheese.  I also ordered a small green dinner salad.  I was disappointed that the salad seemed to have only the "leftover" type lettuce found in the inside of iceberg lettuce, near the core.  Worse was the corned beef.  It had no flavor and definitely was not salty like it should be.  I told the waiter that the meat tasted like it had been sitting in water for 2 weeks.  He did not apologize, but said he would tell the "chef".  No one came to apologize and nothing was taken off the bill.  The sandwich was so bad, I only ate about 1/3 of it and left the rest.  Service was pretty slow.
2	This was our time there. We walk in not knowing what to expect. First, we were looking for a hostess counter or somebody to seat us. Did not see one nor any signs that said " Seat yourself". So, I immediately turn to you a lady that had dirty dishes in her hands and asked her, "Do we seat ourselves".....her response was " If you can find one".......rather rude. We then ventured in and found a table. After waiting about ten minutes, mind you there were no silverware or napkins on the table, the waitress appears and takes our drink order. That went well. She then takes our order which included an appetizer. Shortly, a server comes with our appetizer, potato skins, but no small plates for the appetizer, AND our meal??!! She asks, " Did you want the potato skins as an appetizer"? Of course, a little puzzled, we responded "Yes". The server says, " I'll keep your meal warm for you".....huh...what? After the appetizer, we are served our "warmed up" meal, which was, not surprisingly.....dried out from the heat lamp. Subsequently, probably won't return.
3	This a cool place to hang out and have a beer. They have excellent fish & chips. It is inside the Rampart Casino. I like to go here in Sundays after I put a few bets in at the sports book on some NFL games. I would recommend you try this place if you like fish & chips.
4	Surprisingly good food!! Not usually a fan of Irish food, but I'd go back to this pub. We had the steak tips, shepherds pie, & beef/ Guinness pie. All good.
2	I arrived at about 6pm for dinner at the bar for myself.  It took about 10 minutes before someone came over to take my order even though it was not busy.  I ordered a beer (great selection) and the Angus Burger.  The beer was delivered promptly.  After 30 minutes, my burger and fries arrive.  I ordered the burger Medium and it came out quite well done and very dried out.  I was offered ketchup or a side of mayo to "help". The obvious question you just asked is, "Why didn't you send it back?"  A) I didn't want to wait another 30 minutes for a burger and B) by then a large group had arrived and the wait staff was in a frenzy. The fries were crisp, not greasy and not over salted. Very good.  Needless to say, I finished I the beer and fries, not so much the burger. Lower rating also due to the waitress showed no interest in being proactive with the food and was solely focused on boosting the drink orders. I even had to ask for the  check after sitting there for 10 minutes with my plate covered with my napkin.
2	Our group of 4 got yelled at by the tall male bartender because we moved from the bar to a table. He was yelling something about "bar etiquette". I wonder if it is proper "bar etiquette" to yell at customers like that and cause a scene. Table service was excellent, thank you Zana. Happy Hour beer prices are awesome, hard to beat $2.50 for a pint. They also have 4 food items for $5 during Happy Hour so we got good value for our money. Overall, we had a good time; guess the lesson learned is to stay in one place when the tall male bartender is working, ha ha!
1	I judge a bar/restaurant by the drinks and food.  Happy Hour has great beer prices, but wine is $8.00 a glass and it's cheap wine.  My husband and I went there today because we wanted Corn Beef and Cabbage.  All I can say is that an Irish Pub should have good Corn Beef and it wasn't.  It was like think sliced processed lunch meat. with a cream gravy on top, yuk.  They can afford to stock better wine for $8.00 a glass.and put a roast in the oven people.
1	Worst place on the west side.  Bartenders don't know how to keep track of anything.  Charged me the same amount twice on separate debit cards.  Won't be returning
1	The same tall male bartender that others have complained about, is the same guy who charged me twice.  He scolded me and said I hadn't paid my tab when I knew I already had.  My phone was already dead so I had no way to show him I had already been charged.  I had a few drinks in me so I figured I could've been mistaken at the time so I gave him a different debit card for him to charge and noticed the following day the exact same charge on both debit cards.  That bartender is a joke.  Surprised they keep this guy around
2	underwhelmed. granted, i haven't had bangers and mash for more than 25 years but after this? i doubt i will anticipate going out for them again. 6.25 for 20 oz of bass is a good deal and my wife (who i have never seen order fish and chips) said the fish and chips and the cosmo were good. as far as authentic irish pub? it looks like they took a picture from a magazine and hired a crew from home depot parking lot to build it (wood trim falling off the wall) .  the band was ridiculously too loud and sounded like cats in a blender. drummer needs an electronic kit so he can turn it down.
4	We are in our own private cabin.  For captain use only! Orders drinks & waiting on burgers.  Laid back atmosphere, own t.v. & friendly wait staff.
2	This used to be a great place to grab a beer and eat some good food. Sadly it has declined drastically and it has also been taken over by fruit flies.We complained to our server about the bug problem and when she mentioned it to her manager she said "maybe they should sit somewhere else".Truly disappointed by how bad this place has gotten. PS: gave it two stars because my Guinness was delicious!
4	Very nice manager (Tamara), pretty nice staff, good whiskey selection (including Scotch), good specials, and definitely the best place to eat at the Rampart Casino. I am staying at the JW Marriott next to the casino. The casino staff will tell you 9 times out of 10 that this is the place to go on the property. The chips or fries are very good. The fish and chips is pretty good but if you are in Las Vegas and love fish and chips, go to Ri Ra at Mandalay Place. The tar tar sauce and coleslaw are nothing special. The breading on the fish is tasty and crisp. The fish is good but only 3 small fingers come underneath the chips. It's a friendly place but tends to get only business conventioneers who tend to be clique-ish. Try the weekend crowd to socialize. I originally gave 3 stars but would like to modify to 4 stars because the price is excellent.
3	Good place to stop in for a Guinness! Nice little Irish bar with decent food and drinks. The soft pretzels are a good choice. The service here is kind and prompt.
1	I wanted to like this place but sadly I didn't at all!  The food was horrible. I ordered a glass of Cabernet Sauvignon, pretzel and a corned beef sandwich. The best thing I had was the fries. The wine was borderline undrinkable. The pretzel was decent but the cheese sauce was gritty and almost flavorless. The sandwich is where the meal went downhill! First it comes out with soggy bread. The meat is dry and has no flavor. The inside of the sandwich was cold while the rest was burn-your-mouth hot. I took a bite and spit it up because it had a half of an onion on it. Imagine the outermost layer of an onion on your sandwich not sliced at all!  The whole thing was bad!  The service wasn't horrible but the server wasn't around much! I would rather go hungry then try to eat here again. Yuck!
