5	5 Stars for a root canal?  Yep!I was referred to endodontist Dr. John Duong at Lakeview Dental by my regular dentist to get my very first root canal done.  Needless to say, I wasn't thrilled to hear I'd needed a root canal.  It just doesn't sound fun. Lakeview Dental got me in within 48 hours of my referral, which is rare in the medical/dental world.If you find yourself in my position, go to Lakeview Dental and see Dr. John.No waiting!  Friendly staff!Dr. John is a soft-spoken professional who is clearly interested in doing a thorough job while making his patients most comfortable.  My root canal required two visits, as most do, and I had no pain whatsoever.(There is another dentist at Lakeview Dental but I have not used her services so I cannot comment.  I did however see that she has received many awards for excellent care which are displayed around the office.)I have to go back for a second root canal on another tooth and I am not in the least bit scared.  Actually, I am looking forward to getting the work done since I know I will be in such good care.  Thank you Dr. John and also to your lovely assistant Bertha!
5	Who loves getting a root canal?  NOBODY.  But unfortunately for me, my family does not have a history of great teeth.  I floss, brush, rinse, but I always find myself back at the dentist office and being referred to an Endodontist for root canals.But, I am glad that Dr. Phan from Town and Country Dental referred me to Dr. Duong at Lakeview Dental.  After two visits, a total of 2 hours trying to get my root canals, 1 of 3 root canals was calcified, therefore, preventing Dr. Duong from getting to the end of the canal.  There is nothing else that Dr. Duong could do, and if that canal gets irritated, then the next procedure is the Apicoectemy.  But since as of now, it is not irritated, Dr. Duong made sure that I am scheduled for a post-op in 6 months, to track the progress of that canal.The feeling I had when I heard of the bad news is that at least I can place my trust in the capable, professional, kind, competent Doctor.  Additionally, Dr. Duong's assistant, Bertha, is AWESOME!  She made my experience easier and not painful at all.Highly recommend.
5	I have been living in Las Vegas for 6 years now and I have tried one new dentist every year with disappointment. Mainly because I was uninsured and would try the new patient specials that were offered at various locations.In some fashion either the front desk staff or dentist were not to my liking.I tried Lakeview Dental because of good reviews on Angie's List and its proximity to my home.The front desk staff are very friendly and treat you like a person. Not just a paying patient.I had a basic cleaning that was a little more evasive than normal, because the last cleaning I got was so poorly done. The hygienist did an excellent job and talked me through each step.Dr Tran was efficient and took the time the speak with me about  all my concerns without seeming rushed or asking me to come back. She is clearly very talented and an asset to her field.I'm thrilled and relieved to have finally found my regular dentist.
5	Lakeview Dental has comfort written all over. Whether you are getting a cleaning or a root canal, comfort is their number one priority. I had a root canal done here, and it was the best experience I have had. The staff and doctors go out of their way in providing excellent service. You won't regret visiting Lakeview.
5	I was referred to Dr. Duong for several root canals and he is an absolute artist.  He is very nice and informative.  I'm never in pain afterwards and I never have to fill my pain med RX.  His staff is friendly and smart and that's rare in this town.  I recommend him for what seems like a scary procedure.  He makes it seem like cake walk!!!
5	I love Dr. Tran and Dr. Duong (Root Canals).  I hate going to the dentist...but seriously, who loves it??? They always make me feel comfortable so I don't dread the anxiety of going to my appointments.  The hygienists and office staff are all pleasant and friendly.  I would NEVER EVER choose to go anywhere else but here.  They are always honest and only do what is necessary.  Hands on owners that care about their customers and their business.  Very Clean.  Thumbs up!
5	This is the best dentist team ever!  Dr Karen and Dr. Duong are friendly yet professional!  Their staff is super nice too!  Super clean office.  My husband, son and I go here and have referred many others who have been happy with their services too!
