4	3.5 stars for a 5-star (almost) worthy place.I have to take 1.5 stars off for location. Not that I blame them for jumping on the Retailopolis bandwagon. After all, after I'm done buying new tank tops at Old Navy, snatching make-it-yourself-floral fun from Michael's and convincing myself I can't live without this it's-too-random-to-be-true moose-head candelabra from Ross, I definitely have a hankering for wine. So, where to go... Oh yeah, World Market. While I'm there, let me pick up a selection of beers from around the world (I hear Holland has some good brew), browse the allegedly specialized food items and take a quick peak at their assortment of candles, smell-good bath things and kitchenware. But, let's face it, I go for the wine.World Market suggests they sell things from around the world. While this is probably true (to a point), I both love and hate their wine selection (and I just plain hate how everything else takes up space that could be used for more wine). I love how their wines are divided by country and that you can find a really great wine for under $15 here. (Like Sexto from Spain) I just wish they had more! Yes, more wine! I said it. I want walls and walls of wine! A wall for Italy, a wall for Spain, a wall for Napa (it might as well be its own wine country)... But, if my teeny tiny wish came true, they'd have to change their name from World Market to Wine Market (or Wine Heaven). Now, what would be so wrong with that?
5	I'm so glad there's a World Market in my life again because this place is awesome!  They sell such a huge array of things, and though the prices might be more than ideal, check out the sale stuff because those prices are usually more right than wrong.  Be sure to also stop by the liquor section if you like drinking because they have a fantastic collection of beer/wine/champagne from all over the world for a really reasonable price.  They usually also have beers from around the world (which is a huge hit with my dad) for a really good price as well.  They are seasonally-sold, so in the summer, you might find micro-brews, while in the fall/winter, you might find more holiday-esque beers with a pumpkin taste or hint of cinnamon.  If you love stores like Anthropologie but want something a little more budget-friendly (and sells booze), this is your place.  Go explore!  It's SO worth it!  (then afterward, you can check out the rest of tempe marketplace.  great store, great location.  what more can you ask?)
5	Cost Plus World Market, I'd hold hands with you if I could!! I'd take you on a picnic, though we'd eat your food and drink your wine, of course.  I'd whisper sweet nothings in your ear, and never let you go.  Then I'd move you into my home and let you decorate.True, there is cost, plus.... but it's usually worth it. And as a previous yelper mentioned, the clearance racks in the center of the store are pretty awesome, and you can definitely find great buys.World Market is my go-to spot for home decor.  I've managed to find quite a few charming and unique-looking articles for my dingy little apartment for a very reasonable price on the clearance rack.  However, while browsing, I always get sucked into the full-price displays also because they're always so bright and beautiful and well-presented.  I actually spent $30 on two towels yesterday.  Granted, they are plush, just-came-in-today, purple and espresso bath towels... but still.  There was a time that I spent five bucks at Big Lots on towels, and now I'm getting roped into $30 for the oh-so-pretty ones.I am also a big fan of the gourmet food and wine selection.  If you have $6 to drop on a jar of pasta sauce, which is pricey, I know... please, please do sample the Gia Russa sauces from Italy.  The Alla Vodka sauce is something special... and considering that I personally cannot buy a $4 jar of Newman's Own or Classico without doctoring it up a bit, it seems worth buying a jar of this good stuff, heating it up, and serving as-is.  It's a nice treat that'll serve me twice.Spend time on the wine selection, as you can find great bottles for much better prices than at many liquor stores.  That's one area where you can get a great value at World Market.  Also, I'm a sucker for cute dishware and kitchen goods... and that kind of stuff abounds here.  And really, price is all relative.  It's such a better bargain than shopping at Crate & Barrel or Williams Sonoma or shops like that.  I'm a fan, though I don't think I've ever been in without dropping fifty bucks at minimum.
4	I love the World Market! It's the only place where I can find gummi cola and coffeecrisp bars in the same store! Yum!The holiday season is the best time to visit. They always have bins full of stocking stuffers that range from all sorts of really cute things from all over the world. It's a must hit place for me since I send out a lot of little packages to friends across the US for the holidays.The only bad experience I had was last year when I was searching for a menorah. I asked if they sold them since I saw they had menorah candles. The guy I asked looked at me like I was from mars and then finally said, "Oh that Hannukah thing?" and rolled his eyes. It was kind of rude! But I haven't seen that employee back there since. Maybe he was seasonal.A week later I asked the same question to another employee and she was really friendly and helpful. I hear a lot of people come here for the wine selection. I don't know about that but as far as the candy and toys and cute Christmas ornaments... I'm a fan!
4	Dangerous place to shop!  Lots of neat imported goodies, many in sample sizes so you can try them out before buying the bigger size.  I got about 6 different flavors of hot cocoa, a maple sugar candy in a maple leaf shape for me (Michigan thing), and filed away a lot of ideas for gift-buying when I get home.  I might even ask Santa for a gift card to World Market for myself!
5	Rarely do I go to Tempe Marketplace without a stop at Cost Plus. The international foods, the furniture, and oh... the CANDY. Oooooh the candy. I lived a short time in Germany as a very small child and all the German candy brings back fond memories. There are candies from all over the world, so if you have a well-traveled sweet tooth, this is your place.There's great deals to be had on wine, too. Truly something for everyone here- and a fantastic place for unique gifts.Sign up for their rewards program and they'll email you really great coupons and a $10 gift card on your birthday!
5	Cost Plus isn't really my scene. While it has a lot of cool home decor, and imported food and drinks (with a really random wine selection) that are hard to find, I don't really fancy this kind of place. Probably because I'm a guy. It's just a nice combination of three or four other chains, conveniently located in one setting. So, why a five star review? It's because my girlfriend is a big fan, and every time I walk into this store I'm blown away by just how awesome the customer service is. Every Employee at Cost Plus appears to be legitimately happy with their position. All of them stop what they're doing the instant they see a customer near them, ask if you need help, and maybe point something out. Normally, this annoys me because it's a store policy and feels forced. But for some reason it works well here. And when I was looking at a wooden giraffe statue to buy my girlfriend as a gift (we had seen it on a previous visit and thought it was cool), out of nowhere one of the guys told me about how it's hand carved, and that there's some in bigger and smaller sizes, etc. Then, as I carried it back to my car, another employee whom I had talked to in the store, was coming back from his break. He stopped me in the parking lot to tell me how much he liked it and gave me a similar spiel. That's pretty impressive. If I were him I would've ignored me (why bother talking to a customer while on break). I don't know what you're doing to make your employees so good, Cost Plus. But please keep it up!
5	I have been to World Market on various occasions, and I just love everything about it, especially during the Christmas season. The store is always clean and organized, the staff is very friendly, and they have awesome coupons for awesome stuff! World Market has a huge variety of products, from food to wine to toys to kitchen gear to furniture - it's all here, in one wonderful, magical store! I usually don't come here looking for things - it's more like I come here and things find me. Today I walked away with a set of mixing bowls, two adorable polar bear ornaments, and hot chocolate (some of which turns pink - what?!), using a $10 off coupon I received for being a "World Market Explorer" (aka, just give them your damn email address). Seriously love this place and can't wait for them to stock up on even more Christmas decor!
4	I wish I could live here... in fact on my last visit I was thinking about how I'd like to be in World Market during the zombie invasion, whenever that happens. They just have so many wonderful things that I want to eat and drink and play with, seriously, every visit here is like a brand new adventure. If World Market wasn't quite as pricey I would give it five stars, but don't let the four fool you, I love this place.
5	Great place to pick up wine, wine products, and some specific dining items that are hard to find. I'm not a big fan of the furniture they sell, I like more modern furniture. Their style is more shabby chic.
5	I love this store! A great variety of household items including carpeting, window treatments, accessories for every room, lighting, not to mention kitchen items and food items! Make sure you sign up for the World Market Explorer which emails you sales and coupons! There items are stylish, functional, and affordable. They also do in-store wine tastings for their extensive wine selection. Their staff is consistently friendly and helpful. I always see them smiling which must mean it's a great place to work as well. Their items change seasonally too so there's always new stuff to drool over! Also very easy to make returns or exchanges here as well, which customers appreciate.
5	Cost-plus is one of my all-time favorite stores! They have cool furniture, nice candles, a million things to make up your own gift baskets (including mini-food stuffs, like cheeses, chocolates, crackers..etc) An excelent wine selection, tableware, wine glasses....the list goes on! They even have coffee (though, on a personal note, I haven't found any I love). They carry Republic of Tea products, pretty much the whole line, from what I can tell. The home decor isn't for eveyone. I love it, but I know not everyone is like me ;p. Expect a lot of wrought iron wall decor, and Indonesian/Indian inspired furniture/linens.They do have a jewelry section, which is also Bohemian inspired.I think the main purpose for most people to come here would be for their do-it-yourself gift baskets. They have EVERYTHING you would need to make any of those baskets you could order online; it comes out a little cheaper, and you're able to give it your own personal touch. :)
5	Love this place.  HUGE and tons of selection!  Snacks, drinks, gifts, furniture, dish wear, candles, lotions, etc.  Found the Japanese marble sodas.  =)
5	This store, man! It's the best. Perfect place to shop, or kill time, or boredom, or all of the above! Browsing here is just fun, i always manage to pick up a few random items, and usually spend less than 20 bucks.Also a great place to buy a unique gift. They even sell fun gift boxes!Their end of season sales are superb, too. We picked up a few lawn chairs for $20 each last August, and obviously in Arizona. managed to get plenty of use out of them!
5	I went in armed with coupons! I must have circled the store a dozen times trying to make up my mind, I love everything! The staff is so great, not pushy at all. One of their associates would see me struggling to hold a bunch of items and offer to put them up front for me, yet never try to "sell" me anything. They have great little displays that help you match and visualize items at home and how they'd go together. They offer great discounts on their wines if you're a world market explorer member too. Their products are good quality, and they stock their standbys as well as new products pretty well. It's not often that I see something totally out of stock. Always fun to go here, and never leave empty handed!
3	Definitely an interesting store with very diverse merchandise ranging from home decor such as furniture and rugs to wine to random kitchen gadgets. I like the fact that a lot of this is made from around the world, so you can definitely find something unique. I will say I prefer shops where I know it is a fair trade store (I tried looking online to see if they were and I couldn't find that info so if I'm wrong, I'm sorry!). It was definitely a place I would go back to get a funky gift or to look for something different for house decor. But other than that, it was just ok.
4	I love this store.  I could spend endless dollars and time in here.  All the home-decor items are everything I never knew I wanted.  They have some pretty unique food items too, which was great when I was stocking up for a surprise picnic.  Cost Plus has a great coffee and wine selection too.  There's furniture too!One could probably find a gift for just about anyone here.  There's definitely a lot of hostess-gift type items if you're looking for something less common than the bouquet of flowers or serving dish.  Prices are higher than Target, Wal-Mart etc, but the selection and quality of items is better.  Sign up for their free membership card to get coupons and promotions, and be a part of the coffee club (buy 6 bags get the 7th free... or shop on Wednesdays and it only takes 3 to get the free one)!
4	Cost Plus has a great selection of household goods, furniture, and food, all from various parts of the world.  There's always a cool item you'll be wanting to take home every time you go into this store.  The employees here are very friendly, which is another plus!  I always thought the name was a little funny, since the words Cost Plus make me think of something that will be costly, but for the most part, prices are decent.  It's kind of like a more global, upscale version of Target here, with more hand crafted items and artisan foods.
4	Just discovered this place. I like it. I like it a lot. Perfect for xmas when one can find trinkets, gadgets, weird little thingsmabob, and oddly looking whachamacallit. I can see me coming back here a lot, and not only for xmas but for any occasion.Not only novelties, some awesome treats from Scandinavia and Asia as well. And spices from a broad range of countries.
4	The staff at this location is great. They go out of their way to dig in boxes for the bottle of wine you're looking for and their seasonal selections are expansive.
4	What a great store. I've shopped here on and off for the past few years (not always this location), and have always found some great items. This last trip I was looking for a Secret Santa gift and sure enough, I found something, and then some.The food section is great. Unfortunately, there were a lot of empty shelves on this last visit but I sill found some choice items. I really wanted some Beefy chips from England but they don't have them. No biggie...I scored some candy. Damn sweet tooth!!Besides the pillows, candles, food, etc, one of the other great finds here are the stocking suffers. If you have kids and are looking for something outside of the everyday "dollar bin" stocking stuffer selection. Go here. I repeat, GO HERE. Oh, and there's a rewards program like many other stores. Now shop on!
3	Cost Plus, I love your stuff. I love that I can walk in and find all sorts of treats and gifts, even for people I don't know very well, and wouldn't know what to get them otherwise. Your painted gift bags? Absolutely gorgeous. Your selection of foreign snacks? Amazing!But I only go 2-3 times a year, so for heaven's sake, if I don't want to sign up for your rewards program, don't pester me to sign up, don't rationalize that it'll only take "two seconds," don't pout at my total and try to guilt trip me for the entire time I'm cashing out because I DON'T WANT TO SIGN UP. How many times and how many ways do I have to say "no thank you" per transaction?
4	OMG! this place is straight lady crack!
1	Good furniture deals online, horrible customer service in store. Bought chairs online, but when we got to store had to wait 45 minutes to get it. If they were busy I could understand it, but the place was empty. We had to ask for a refund before our stuff magically appeared.
5	I want to live inside this store. Everything is so unique and it is really well priced (also they have great sales). When I have a house I intend to decorate it completely with World Market things!! Also, the food and alcohol section is super interesting and fun. I hope everyone else likes this place because it's where I'm getting everyone's Christmas gifts this year! ;)
5	Friendly employees, clean and organized store, fantastic selection, great prices, unbeatable customer service, fun jewelry, tasty edibles, awesome beer and wine options... You can't go wrong at this location.This store is run and managed like a lot of other places should strive to be. Amazing management and employees help this particular World Market stand out.  Always greeted, welcomed and made to feel special here. Kudos to whomever is in charge. Love your Tempe Marketplace team!Love the membership discounts and specials, also! Be sure and sign up - it's worth it.
5	Can I just tell you how great Michael, the store's GM is?  I live in San Diego and could not find  a product I was seeking in town or online.  I got some numbers of stores across the country and finally found one left at their store.  Michael went over and above the call of duty to send me this item.  He did it with passion and humor and his primary objective was to make this customer (me) happy.  What a gem of an employee.  I cannot begin to tell you all the hoops he had to go through to get this item sent to me, so suffice it to say, World Market has one heck of an employee in Michael Hall.  I wish all retailers would hire the Michael Halls of the world.  His customer service is exemplary!  Thank you!!
3	My experience has been mixed. Many of their items are in my home. Price and product  are 4-5 star but personnel are 1-4. Hopefully the lesser people are gone. If I am going to shop I go to Phoenix which I find consistantly pleasantt.
5	Great wine deals. Always new and creative ideas in shopping.   Staff was very helpful with everything. Lots of fun.
2	This is definitely not the place I will come every again.  Service here is horrendous.  The cashier was horrible, I decided to leave my purchase and go to the Scottsdale store.  My husband was amazed I didn't snap at her, due to her language.  I told him, he cramps my style.  I have to be in my best behavior in front of him, haha.
2	boo World Market!  I came in here looking for the "Hobbit" line of beers bc I wanted to buy them for my boyfriend to try on New Year's Eve (he called it New Beer's Eve and wanted to try a new beer that night).  I asked the man stocking the shelves if he knew where they were.  he was very friendly and went to look it up for me.  unfortunately, this store had not received a shipment of it yet (or maybe it never will, it was unclear to me).  but I specifically asked if ANY world markets in phx had them and he told me no. but I just looked online and it's available at the world market on camelback!  I totally could have bought it that night for New Year's Eve, lame.
