5	I had gotten a letter from the city to have the palm tress in my yard trimmed. They hadn't been trimmed in over 2 years and needed it badly!!On Friday afternoon I called 4 tree trimming services and Macias Landscaping came out that following Saturday and called me with a quote that afternoon.  Macias Landscaping was the best priced bid I received. So I called Macias Landscaping on Tuesday and they were back at my house trimming the palm trees on Wednesday morning at 6:30am so that I could check to see that their work met my expectations before leaving for work.They did the job quickly and the most cost effective of 4 companies.  Alis Macias was very courteous and professional.  And they did a Great job on the palm trees too, I didn't even recognize my house!I would definitely recommend Alis Macias and I will use them again.
5	I called Macias Landscaping because I got a letter from the town of Tempe saying they were going to fine me because of my palm trees being overgrown. They were able to come out the day after I called them and was even able to come particularly early because of my work schedule. The palm trees look great and I really appreciated the quick response and fast service. I would definitely recommend Macias to anyone needing their palms trimmed.
4	They are fast and do quality work for a pretty good price. They took out 5 bushes replaced part of my irrigation and sprinkler system, mowed and fertilized my yard all in less than 2 hours. Very nice guys!
5	My yard looks like trash. I haven't weeded in well over a year. My plants in the front died from the frost spells that we (oddly) got this winter. I was long over-due for some landscaping help.I called up Macias Landscaping and two days later they come over and gave me a quote. The quote was beyond reasonable! It was fantastic. They set out to work right away. They were done within an hour and the yard looked fantastic! I would recommend them a hundred times over!!
5	Like Stephanie F., we had MANY, many failed attempts at getting good landscapers, we finally found (and now love) Macias Landscaping.Today we were in a pickle: Our landscaping crew pulled a no-show, so we had no one to remove a big tree in the middle of a yard. To top it off, we were having rocks delivered within hours and -really- needed this tree gone!We called Macias (plus a dozen other companies) and Macias Landscaping was the ONLY company to pick up on the first ring (good sign of a quality company that wants your business!)Not only did Macias Landscaping show up within 2 hours, they charged us an incredibly reasonable price AND were done within an hour.The crew was professional, hard-working, friendly, and very competent. I can't speak highly enough of Macias Landscaping-- they saved our butts AND were the best priced out of all the companies we called. I can't thank them enough-- they also saved my sanity! :)
5	These guys are AMAZING. We called them 4 days ago, and today they came out, quoted a reasonable starting price, and were done with our yard (we had let it go all summer!) in less than an hour.  We will continue to have them out once a month for regular maintenance, and are so pleased with their work! Highly recommend these guys!
2	5 stars for showing up on time with the crew!  Zero stars for not giving me the estimate I asked for several times. This was strange because they were extremely responsive initially.  I had quite a bit of landscaping work and ongoing maintenance to do in my backyard.
4	When they come to your house to give you the estimate, they will be ready to do the job right then. I was surprised! Very satisfied.
5	What great service. We had a mini jungle of brush on our patio and needed a service to remove the brush and clean up the patio. Macias called us back on the day we had called them and came out the following day for an estimate. They gave us a great price and started working right away. In an hour all of our jungle was gone and our patio looked amazing!! I will call them for any more of our landscaping needs in the future and recommend them to anyone who needs yard work done!
1	Doesn't return phone calls = bad business experience. Do not waste my time.
5	I jungle that needed tended to, several palms that hadn't been trimmed in years, large bushes that needed removed and several other things trimmed, cut, clipped and cleaned.  I left Macias a voice mail over the weekend, he called right back to schedule a time to come by for the estimate, showed up on time and gave an estimate and came by on time the following morning and completed everything beyond what I had expected.
5	Alis Macias and his crew were fantastic!  I called on Wednesday after reading other great reviews on Yelp. Alis called back right away and set up a time for Friday.  He and his crew arrived promptly at the agreed upon time and proceeded to transform our entire yard in only two hours (for a very reasonable price).  He saved us a week's worth of hard labor and possibly a trip to the emergency room after our disastrous  attempts to take care of it ourselves.  They definitely know what they are doing.  I would not hesitate to recommend Macias Landscaping - thank you!!
5	I am in awe of Alis Macias and his crew! I had a 45-foot tall palm tree in a tiny corner of a tiny courtyard that I wanted removed. There was literally about 10-square feet in which to work, although some potted plants on one side of it could be moved. Alis texted me to let me know he was running a bit late for the bid. I completely understand that it's hard to predict to the minute when jobs will be done, but I really appreciated the communication. When he was on his way he texted me to say that he'd arrive in 10 minutes. He showed up right on time, took a look at what I thought was an impossible situation, quoted me an excellent price, and said they could remove it right then! And no, it wouldn't be necessary to move the pots! It took them all of 20 minutes, and the palm tree was gone! (I did not need to have the roots grinded, which would have cost more.) I have rarely, if ever, had such a professional experience with a landscaping crew, and I wouldn't hesitate to use Macias Landscaping again.
