4	Quick and easy.  You have to take the bus to the rent-a-car location but it is painless.  Nice location to pick up your car, if you are all set up with your Wizard account and all that preferred customer stuff, just go and pick up your car.  They have a handy electronic board that has your name on it.  Go down one level and viola, your car is in your self appointed stall.  Now if you have any questions like, 'You wanna change your car?' Speak to one of the super friendly staff members and snatch it up before someone else does.
3	The Rental Center at LAS is about 7 minutes away, after you line up at peak times for a bus with hundreds of others. The line moves pretty quick though. But once you arrive at the center, it is huge, with the main counters in a cavernous room, and the cars behind on 3 or 4 levels. Avis is on the right side of the building. Check for your name on the big board if you are Preferred like I am, then take the left hand escalator down (it is counter intuitive, you expect it on the right side) or if you have one of the free luggage carts, take the elevator. Avis is practically an entire garage floor of cars. There is a Preferred building down here, too, with another board to check your name and parking slot. I am always way out there, like G27 or K9, what a dog! Get your car, check at the gate, and your one your way. Despite being large, this operation is pretty smooth and efficient, most times. I have had snafus here though, like when they had NO CARS and my reservation was useless. Nobody else had cars, like Dollar, Hertz, Budget, so I was sent to Alamo/National, and had to pay a lot more, and then file a voucher to get a credit. Good thing it was for biz and not out of my own pocket! I would have been out several hundred dollars for the weeks it took to get my claim money.
3	A basic Avis location at the airport.  The bus always takes to long to pick you up to bring you to the rental center, but so be it.  It is the same bus for all the rental companies so it is not like you have a choice.Avis cars were clean and all worked out well.
1	We booked a rental from Priceline and thought we got a good deal.  So we were offered an upgrade for additional $7/day times 5 days.. so we were thinking an additional $35 plus taxes and fees.. no more than $50 for more room and comfort in a rental.  When we returned the car we were charged $100+.  And we had already paid $155 to priceline for the rental. Avis claimed that Priceline did not pay them the right cut from the deal so they had to add it on to the customers bill.  We felt that was so wrong and had a huge dispute over it.  I think my bf almost made the lady cry.  But she was unprofessional and was telling us the wrong things.  She didn't know what she was saying.  At least the manger was able to tell something but still was no help.  Bottom line, we are never going to rent from Avis again or from a third party or UPGRADE.   What had happened was we were charged twice for the fees which were suppose to be Avis' cut from the deal.  We ended up doing a claim with American Express to get our money refunded... it's still pending... so I hope we get our money back because we got ripped off.
5	Plenty of associates and quick to take care of business. Cars are in great shape here as well. I had to return my SS Camaro because of a leaky tire and they upgraded me to a Convertible SS. Rates are good but the fees and taxes are crazy in Nevada!
1	I made my reservations via priceline. I have a contract and confirmation #'s. Here are the conditions aforementioned in the contract: #1 Avis Rent A Car will require a major credit card or debit card, a valid driver's license in Xxxx X. Xxxxxx Name, and will verify Xxxx X Xxxxxx'x age at time of rental.#2 Renters with only a debit card may need to show proof of round-trip air travel, and will need to have a minimum of $200 in available credit or more depending upon the rental company as a security deposit on the vehicle. The security deposit will be released back onto your card once the vehicle is returned.#3 All rentals will take place at the rental counter. Rental cars purchased through priceline can not be cancelled or changed and refunds are not allowed - even if the reservation is not used. If flight cancellations outside of your control keep you from picking up your car, you will be able to cancel your reservation upon verification. #4 Avis Rent A Car will charge your credit card at the rental counter for any optional items you add to your reservation at the rental counter.I was prepared to rent my car this Monday at McCarran Intl Airport with my contract in hand. I had read all the conditions and was ready to attend the meetings I had scheduled while 56 hours in Vegas. I was in the Air Force so I carefully prepare my trips to make the most out of situations Have rented cars numerous times through other vendors without a hassle, my first time with Avis in years.I get to the counter, hand the lady my confirmation contract, my driver's license and my Government Issued Veterans Disability Debit Card. She starts the process, everything is fine until she uses my card. Then she tells me that she can not accept the card because it is a loadable card! I told her that the US Government  gave me the debit card and load my disability benefits onto it. She said that she doesn't care, it is no good. I asked to talk to the manager and she said I am the manager! I didn't have time time or patience to go up the chain of command at that time!She said call priceline to get your money back so I did, and they said a refund is on the way but this is far from over. I want some kind of relief for this huge hassle. I had a meeting I had to attend so I took a cab to my Hotel and went on with my day. My whole trip was changed because of this LIE.This is a great forum to get the word out, just found out about it on CBS this morning. But how about big companies who break their contracts? Is there anyway this forum can be used to start class action suits against big corps who DON'T HONOR THEIR SIDE OF THE CONTRACT? For the respect of mankind Avis and Priceline need to change the language of the contract because it is NOT true! Why mislead good people?
2	I typically rent with Hertz but since I found a much better price this time with Avis, I decided to give them a whirl. The check in process was efficient, but I found the sales agent to be overly pushy while trying to sell me on the insurance. I know they have to ask, but she just kept drilling home all the things that could go wrong in an attempt to scare me into purchasing it. I found that a little off-putting, despite her pleasant demeanor. I really don't enjoy pushy sales people. For that alone I deducted two stars.
5	I hope this makes it to Avis at the airport where Chris Naguit made our day.  We were stuck in commute traffic and not going to make our flight when we dropped off our car.  I said something about the traffic and Chris inquired how soon our flight was. - we only had 50 minutes to get to the airport as we had to check our bags.  He said "oh that wont work, you won't make it.  Hold on a minute" - he told a co-worker he'd be right back and tossed our bags back into the car and took us himself.   He was right, we arrived with no time to spare but we arrived!  What a great asset this 20 year employee is to Avis!
4	I am very pleased with my experience renting with Avis and am happy that I did! I rented directly through their website and luckily found a coupon code that gave me a free upgrade to the next level up. I also applied to become an Avis Preferred member via the website, which definitely helped speed up the renting process (and honestly, took about 5 minutes to apply to become a Preferred member!)From my time entering the rental car building to driving out was within a five minute process! The membership rep had all of my information in the system and only needed to see my driver's license and get a signature to complete the rental. The membership rep was extremely courteous and really nice in helping us get to our car as fast and efficient as possible!Also, I was impressed with the BMW 5 series we received! I was not expecting something as nice as this, and was very appreciative to have navigation when figuring out how navigate the city! I am very happy with my decision to rent with Avis and will probably rent with them in the future as I had a great experience! Also, dropping off the car was a breeze. We pulled into the garage, gave the keys to the attendant that directed us into a parking space, received a receipt, and was on the bus to the airport again within a five minute timeframe!
5	Great service and fast.  We arrived in Las Vegas on the 7am arrival and headed straight over to the rental car center, and to our surprise (based on past experience) there was NO line and the service was incredible.  The lady that helped was pleasant, although she looked as if she could give you a solid ass whippn' if necessary, and processed us quickly and painlessly.Great experience !!!
4	This was easy peasy - take free shuttle from airport, get your car within 5 minutes...drive away.....repeat on returning to airport.
1	Don't rent here..  I'm a preferred Avis customer.  Got a car through Costco and wanted to add an additional driver.  Customer rep at the counter was on her period. She was ignoring us and gave us a face. "we don't add names.  If you want to add a name you need to pay $11." WTF is this? I never paid to add any names at Alamo or any other rental company.  She wanted us to walk up with our luggage to the counter upstairs. We didn't like the car and it was a pain in the ass to swap cars.  Everyone working here was stuck up their ass for tips.
4	I really enjoy this Avis location. They have a great Avis preferred/first service area in the parking garage. Which is convenient for business travelers so you don't have to get stuck in line with people just vacationing or novice travelers. The staff here has always been helpful and friendly. The facility it self is impressive. You know you are in Las Vegas from the slot machines soon as you walk in the front door. Avis is to the right when you walk in and preferred/first is down the stairs to the right.
2	Organizers of this facility really did a superb job by assembling all rental companies together under one roof with a free transportation from the airport. That where the "superb job" ends. Now prepare for the DMV experience of a large metropolitan City. Expect to spend hours standing online to rent a car. Avoid at all costs!! Take taxi from airport and order the car to your hotel.
1	Advice for a business that wants repeat customers: If an employee tells a customer about a service that will be offered, you should honor it!! When I made my reservation, it said to contact Avis' 1800 number to get pricing for a car seat. Sooooo.....I DID! When I called, The service agent said that the car seat was included on my bid so it would be free of charge. I asked again to make sure it was included and he reassured me it was. The next day I went up to the counter to get the car ordered....plus the car seat. Then he asked for my card and proceeded to charge me $68 dollars for 3 days of car seat use?!?!?! I told him what was promised on the phone, but he just got  very annoyed and started sighing and left in the middle of the transaction to help another customer. I asked his co-worker to get a manager and he said, oh, you don't need one. Hrmph. No courtesy from the counter?! I figured the 1800 number would be my best option and they would be reasonable. I told them what had happened. They told me there was nothing they could do about it. REALLY?! They could have listened to the recorded conversation and just let me use the seat but  instead simply refused to honor what was promised. If I would have been told on the phone that they would be charging me $68 dollars to borrow a seat that costs ONLY $47 dollars BRAND NEW I could keep, I would have simply checked her car seat on the airplane. Instead of just giving me what was promised, they lost a customer! This is still seriously hard to believe!!! I waited an hour for my mom to bring me a seat rather than being ripped off because I had to have a car seat according to the law. I will not be renting from these crooks again!!!
1	This is by far and without a doubt the worst car rental establishment I have ever been to in my life. I booked my my car with Priceline.com and the reservation was for midnight but I got to the rental place about an hour and a half before that as my flight landed early, however the gentleman at the front desk was one of the rudest people I have ever dealt with in my life. His name was Larry and he was basically mocking everybody that was waiting to get a car.   he told us that he would not release the car to us until midnight and he told us to go get food somewhere or walk around and come back in an hour and a half in the middle of the night in Las Vegas, even though he had cars available. Not only would he not release the cars to us until midnight but he had the nerve to try to tell me that I should just pay a $20 extra fee and I'll give you the car and that's cheaper than even taking a cab. I said no way and it had nothing to do with $20 it was the principle that Avis in Las Vegas think that they can take advantage of people like that. Finally they actually told me that if I return the car before 24 hours they would charge me a penalty.  so if I wanted to return my car earlier than the than 24 hours they want to charge me a $53 penalty, which is the most ridiculous thing I've ever heard of in my life. Can you imagine you want to return a car before the reservation is over and they want to charge you a penalty for that. He told me basically I had to return the car exactly 24 hours later so between midnight and 12:20 AM the next morning otherwise I would be charged a penalty for either returning the car too early or returning the car too late, leaving me with only a 20 minute window to return this car. Needless to say this is the worst car rental experience and location I have ever been to in my life and I will never ever be using Avis ever again. Stay away from this place and Larry at all costs because this place is an utter joke
