4	Best gel manicure I have ever had and I have had a lot. Not the prettiest salon but the manicure made up for it. Only wish this place was in California! Don't remember the name of the lady who did my manicure but she sat at the first table. She was really thorough.
4	Why did I stop coming going to Pro Ten Nail Shop? They are located very close to where I work and I used to go to this shop all the time, they do a great job on pedicures! I got what would be called a deluxe pedicure with designs on my toes for only $27 bucks!!! Can you believe that!! They have signs all over asking for the customer's to pay in cash, that why they can offer us the lower prices! I am more than ok with paying in cash and my toes are looking cute! I think I am on my way to becoming a regular again for sure!
1	i'd been coming to them for a year now, i went one day & the regular nancy they call her was sooo BEGGING & RUDE to me! she kept asking me to add services upon services which i didn't want, she then started speaking her language to other workers (very obvious she was complaining about me) i pay well & tip so im not understanding this sudden urge of adding MORE services, i felt VERY uncomfortable & let the owner know i'd probably NOT be coming back again!this shop needs to be GRATEFUL to regular customers & NOT brow beat or downtalk the customer VERY BAD HORRIBLE business practice!!!! well they WON'T see my hard earned money anymore & i am VERY wealthy as well as budget and allow my wealth to grow! they need to improve customer service skills!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
1	We BEG ALOT nail shop! OMG they STAY adding 5 dolla more! I REMEMBER why I stopped going there by the time I abruptly left because the nancy chick started working on another chicks nails at the same time as mine UUGGHH! they are MONEY DRIVEN no real sentiment for keeping repeat customer and for that I'll be going to EVERY nail shop in Arizona until I feel I have one that actually caters to Me.Pro Ten nails SUCK BIG TIME!You can find a BETTER nail salon THEY SUCK EGGS!!GREEDY nancy & tina UUGGHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
2	Prices are way too high for the type of service you receive.. I live in Los Angeles and pay less than the $27 that this salon charged for a mani pedi...
4	This is a really old salon but the ladies who work here are friendly and know their regulars. I've been going here off and on for about 7 years. I'm not really faithful to any nail salon but when I want a good Glitter Acrylic Tip Set done I see Tina at this salon! I got my nails done about 2 weeks ago for my friend's wedding and they still look good and I get compliments everyday on them. I've never had any acrylics break from here. Nancy does one of the best pedicures you'll find in the greater Phoenix area (she can do free hand design too!). If you do come here don't expect any thrills and frills like I originally said this place is old . However, do expect great service and bring cash- they accept cards but would much rather prefer the greenbacks!
2	Not sure how I feel about this place. I have been a couple times. I have been treated nicely but then other times staff was pretty rude. They have cheap prices but they seem to be pretty messy consistently. They don't have a great color selection and their polishes are old. I would recommend bringing your own color. I have seen staff treat other customers rudely and have seen bad attitude from the staff. I have also seen staff treat customers nicely. I guess it depends on the day or the technician you get.
3	So I came back because of the cheap prices. I was lucky today because the technician I got today was nice and very friendly. She did not know a lot of English but just enough. She listened to what I wanted. I was also the only customer in the salon I came in around 2 on a Wednesday afternoon. I'm glad I came back and gave pro- nails another chance.
1	So I wejt there Yesterday After probably not going for 8 Months. I just when to get a Full set..I asked the old guy who works there if he can do it. He said He will but i had to wait a couple mins.. waited almost an hour. Let that one go. Before he started going my nails i told him i wanted to clean my nails and remove cuticle, as if they were going to do a gel mani. Well he first did my acrlic nails. He didnt remove my old gel nail polish i had before. I told him if he was going to take the old red polish. he said " You no see after i paint your nails"Not to mention that ones they "removed my cuticle" the lady who did it cut my many times How are you not going to see the red under if i got just glitter on top?!!!! I told him i was going to be back... to paint tgem cause i had to leave my sister at work. I came back and he wasnt there so i picked thr grittler color i wantef. And i waited half an hour and Nancy "COME SIT DOWN!" Being super rude! Go i sat down and ones i told her i that i just wanted glitter on my nails. she got mad and said "Im not talking it off if you dont like it" So she started putting glitter on my nails, according to her she was putting the little blush that picks up the nail polish. but she didnt even put it in there. I was Sooo mad that she wasnt even trying to do so. So i told her if she can please add more glitter. and sge refused to. So i told her i was just going to do it at home. And i walked out the salon. Came back in there to get acetone. And i caugh thrm talking about me cause they said my name.I DO NOT RECOMMENT THIS PLACE AT ALL THRY ARE BUNCH OF ASSHOES!
1	I went to this Salon because i needed my nails done that day for an event that evening i was surprised by. I did not have the option to go to my Salon as i live in East mesa. I almost did not allow them to do my nails as thier Salon was quite out of date and there was even a lady eating at one of the workstaions but i was in a bind. I paid $30.00 for a gel polish change that began to completely peel after only one week. Normaly mine last for several weeks. I called and the owner Tina Luu told me since i did not follow the rules she could not talk to me on the phone. I am not sure what rules i need to follow for my gell polish to last as long as it should. She refused to refund me and hung up on me. Please do not go here unless you want to pay way over proces for bad polish.
4	If you go here ask for Cherry. She's the only one I let touch my brows she's awesome with pedicures as well. The older lady is not that great at doing pedicures she's also rude and talks about the customers.
