1	One of the worst hotels I stayed in anywhere.  During my spring training visit earlier this year, almost every day I had trouble with the door key cards.  Very poor decor also.
4	Great value for the price!!!! First, I wanted to stay somewhere cheap! I was staying in Phoenix for 10 days and costs add up fast. In addition, I was going to Las Vegas after my 10 Day Phoenix Stay and I thought: Hmm? Nice hotel in Phoenix or blow my money in Vegas? I chose the latter! On a positive note, Days Inn is part of Wyndham Hotels. You can earn free hotel stays, gift cards, or earn airline miles. I opted for the miles. This hotel has apparently been remodeled. The employees are friendly and a restaurant is located in the lobby. The food is great!!!! The fitness center consists of a treadmill, elliptical machine, and stationary cycle. The fitness center could use new equipment. The swimming pool is huge!!! The air condition in my room was freezing, for the low cost, I really enjoyed my stay. I stayed for five days at this location.
2	Nice price, but they've gone downhill since I first stayed here...For the price, you can probably expect nothing more, but it's really not very nice. The room was adequate for the price but the "breakfast" was little more than a couple of bagels with cream cheese, some mini muffins, toast and a couple of cold cereals. There were some oranges and apples which were past their prime.The room did include a small refrigerator which was a nice addition. The location feels fairly safe and it's fairly central, so I'm surprised at the price. I'll probably come back for the price alone.The outside pool and spa area is VERY nice. The elevators are pretty old. Overall the property seems old, but somewhat well maintained.The staff was very friendly. Beware the "Free WiFi" doesn't make it to all rooms. I had to get my computer over by the door or it wouldn't connect. So, if you must have internet, you might be out of luck.I give the place a resounding MEH...
2	This is the nicest dump I've ever stayed in, and I've been forced to stay in some dumps in my day: like the Gold Coast in the '80s.The decor is dated, not in a retro-chic way but more a Salvation Army thrift store way.  Frequent guests will bring their own sheets and pillows.The 'free breakfast' will get you exactly the value you pay for: weak coffee, thin OJ, extra-thin bagel or mini-muffin plus some tired fruit.  Served 6am-9am ONLY; the door will be locked promptly at 9 so come early as no amount of pleading with the cleaning woman will get you an untoasted bagel or a cup of the coffee she is about to dump.Oh, and one last thing: ask for room 364.  It offers adequate WiFi and a lovely view of the parking lot, plus the phone doesn't work (no disturbing late-night calls) and you'll enjoy the soothing sounds of a waterfall (the bathroom ceiling drips all night long if 464 showers in the evening)!Would be but a one-star, except for $199 per week, I got what I paid for.  Oh and the sunset view across the parking lot isn't bad!
1	Red light special. This will be the cheapest roch room you'll find just make sure  your packing after dark, scratch that@ all times. If your a single non~obesit female ask to be escorted to and from the parking lot.  They take on water conservation to a whole nutter level by confusing and aggravating the hell outta you so yah don't take a shower.   The dim lit breakfest room is s o depressing you don't even wanna see the pet bagel. This bagel is so flat I'v newspapers thicker then this begal.  Also the  equipment in the fitness room is all broken.  One good thing; cheap.  Pool area is very nice and relaxing. The bar is also made for midgets.
1	Amazingly disgusting yet mildly charming. Odors of all sorts, dirt & filth plus sweet sound of pigeons outside my window. Spotted: two coke cans circa 1990s in the gutters. A gem of a place :)
3	Bottom line here.... you get what you pay for. The best thing about this place is the location. You're steps away from the light rail, super close to good food, and a few blocks from freeways. The breakfast isn't wonderful- but pretty basic. You have choices between 2 cereals, a couple mini muffins, and white bread. Free breakfast is in the restaurant, so if you want to order something more substantial, you can order from the kitchen. I think a 2 egg breakfast was $4.99. But Denny's is so close, you might as well walk there, or take the light rail down to Matt's Big Breakfast in down town.The bed was reasonably comfortable and our room was clean. The hot water takes a while, so let it run while you're brushing your teeth so that you can take a nice hot shower. Service was very friendly and welcoming. I wouldn't mind staying here again.
1	DO NOT BOOK EVEN IF YOU'RE DESPERATE! If I could give it no stars, I would! I have never stayed in such a filthy and disgusting place in my life! I wouldn't stay here if it were FREE!!! We went here for a short one night trip to Phoenix while we were looking for apartments to rent out and nothing worked! We made a complaint to the manager (and then had to call customer service who did NOTHING!) about the facility because of the rude service we encountered when we informed them of the numerous long, red hairs (I have brown hair!) that were found in our towels and cold shower that I had to take because the water wasn't working. The manager then went on to say that "they were embedded in the wash." I uploaded pictures of the towels but we'll see if they post them. They were not embedded but rather picked up from the ground and re-folded after the previous guest used them. The company stands behind certain "standers" and the first core value that was stated on their "plaque" of promises wasn't upheld. We didn't receive the "warm hospitality and clean comfortable rooms where everything work[ed]" and even though our expectations were not met, [our] needs [were not met] in a timely manner" (Days Inn Promise from plaque). They gave me a measly 25% discount and mocked me when I demanded my money back. The room wasn't clean or ready for us so why should I pay for less than mediocre service and accommodations which could have made me sick!?!?!?! How are they still in business!?!?!?!?
1	I booked a room here through a popular online travel site. I was going to be in town for just one night and just needed something decent, quick, and affordable. It isn't decent -- the place is poorly kept and unclean. It isn't affordable -- for the quality, this place should be in the $0-$10 range. But it may be quick -- because that's the speed at which you will want to get out once you check in to this place.It's one saving grace was the front desk worker. He was great. Friendly as anyone could ask for. They can thank him for the lone star. And Yelp, too. Cause apparently I can't give 0 stars. Breakfast was also disappointing. Perhaps it was because it was on a weekend, but to put it kindly, the weekend free "breakfast" is lacking. I will offer this caveat, though: this place is a great place to stay if you like playing Name That Odor.
3	So a friends club was having their 1st pool party of the year and she has pool parties before at different locations so I was excited to go, looked up the address and saw it was at the Days Inn on camelback and it had only 1.5 star rating on Yelp, so I was thinking man what did I get myself into.Some girlfriends checked in for the night, got a room for 49 bucks, so went up to their room, it was in the 1st building on 2nd floor, it was an ok room, not the worst I have seen, carpet was old, but I guess the entire hotel (motel?) is being remodeled, so appearances might change right?  Thought it was funny that the picture hanging on the wall by the beds was the exact same picture on the side wall next to it.  So my hopes for this pool party were starting to fade, the hotel (motel) just looks dated, and its not its fault, Phoenix just has newer stuff in the area. Just was thinking this is gonna be some rinke-dinke pool.  So friends and I were headed to the pool party, it started at 8pm and we were ready!Oh was I in for a pleasant surprise, between the 2 buildings is this desert oasis,  it seems they have spent time remodeling the pool area, there was a bar , plenty of seating, tables, lounge chairs, nice big clean beautiful pool, good size hot tub.  Friend had a dj spinning some tracks, man this was a great spot for a pool party and glad I didn't bounce when I 1st pulled up! Not to sure if I would stay overnight yet, I'm prissy and I'm ok with being that lol so lets just see how the remodeling goes! But I will be back at the next pool party forsure!  Pool party gets 5 stars,  but the room is a 3.
