3	Same Ol' - Same Ol'  What did ya expect!   Still, if you want some caffeine, and you need it now, here's the place to juice up right before making that visit to Good Samaritan Hospital down the block to see a hurting bro or sista!Located just on the north/west corner of 7 th and McDowell in a little strip mall of about four other businesses.  Next door to Einstein Bagels as their neighbor companion and moderate outside seating.  Indoor seating is slim at best and not much in the way for room.  Just a thin suite for the in&out feeling (Move it! Move it!)...Let's try and get excited about this Starbucks!----???----Well, there is a Bus Stop for local transit just in front!----That should lift your grocery bags some---or at least your duffel bag....During the day I felt like ordering a double-shot instead of getting shot at!  That's a positive!  (not sure about night though?...)
5	I go to this SB's every morning on my way to work. The staff all know me by name, scream good morning to me as I haul my sleepy ass in there every morning and they know what I want and make it fast.  My hat goes off to Misty, Thomas, Jade and all the others who get me in & out as fast as they can and with a smile.
4	yummy. Especially right before a long day at work !! Caramel machiato not stirred is my recommendation.
1	SInce when does a trip to Starbucks take 20 minutes. No, I didn't get a fancy frapuccino order for 5 people at work. Actually, I only one an iced coffee and a regular americano. No reason to take that long, unless the person in front of you ordered enough sugar-based drinks to give you a sugar high for a month. Oh and maybe the fact that there are only 2 people working there on a busy morning has something to do with that. Either way, I would rather go to any other place for coffee or skip it all together. This Starbucks made me late to work and I cannot believe they have such a low standard of service.
5	Loved the employees of this store.  I told them I need to get 2 drinks with the hospital, with food, and 2 bags, so they put my drinks in to a carrier and sealed my hot drink with green plug so it does not spill.  SWEET!!!
2	I'm done with this location. The drinks are the usual you'd get from any other Starbucks. However, beware if you aren't a regular. I stop by this location every few weeks if it's convenient to get a hot vanilla latte--nothing fancy. But they always manage to get the complicated, fancy drinks with a cup of sugar done well before mine, even when I'd been 2 people in line before them. Are these folks regulars? Maybe, but that's no reason to provide bad customer service to everyone else. Twice they'd completely forgotten my order.These folks are also quick to call the cops on homeless people walking by or sitting outside reading the newspaper. Most other locations in central Phoenix don't seem to have a problem when homeless people sit near or in the cafes; in fact, I've seen baristas at other locations offer water, etc. So, if you're not into a place that criminalizes someone who hasn't done anything wrong, I wouldn't recommend patronizing this location.
4	I go every morning. Heston, MJ and Joel are the regular staff, and pretty much know us by name. It's the smallest, busiest Starbucks I've ever been to. Patience! They're working as fast as they can.
2	Ordered a drink here that I get at another location regularly. The other location told me there is a very specific way to ask for the drink, which will make the baristas job easier and I was told it was a company wide thing. So I tried to order it here the same way.... BIG mistake... The cashier, Heston was rude and seemed annoyed that I would be asking for the drink in such a way, he even told me to "get to the point". I admit, I was struggling to order it because I have completely forgotten what exactly to say but his attitude toward me was unnecessary! I apologized for "wasting" his time and he said, "next time just say what you want. We are busy and I don't have time for this song and dance!" Good. Grief! I have to mention... I was the ONLY one in the store at the time, so I am not too sure why he was in such a hurry...I will not be coming back. I suggest you do the same!
4	One of the better chais I've had. The staff is friendly and quick. I was in and out in under 10 minutes. 4 stars because I believe in a drive thru Starbucks. I could see struggling to find parking here on the daily.
5	I've been coming to this location for over 2 years. I have had only fantastic service experiences. Never a bad one!!! They make excellent drinks too! True artisans that know their craft well. Solid!
5	This location has expert baristas. They made my day! They made one of the best drinks I have ever had in my life.
4	Went in to make good on the last day of the buy one get one before 5 pm deal. Got a couple hot Chestnut Praline Lattes. If you haven't tried this limited time holiday drink with whipped cream...you absolutely must. Service was great today, moderately quick since there was a line and the price was right because of the deal. I will return!
