4	Nice indoor strip mall with a Urban outfitters Ice bar and Fat Tuesday's
2	There was not much here at this very small, two-story mall adjacent to Mandalay Bay.  I came here to visit Burger Bar and it seemed to be the prime attraction because it was the only place that was really busy (that being said, it was late morning/early afternoon).  Another worthwhile spot would be RM Seafood, which is run by Top Chef Masters contestant Rick Moonen.Aside from these two restaurants, there was not much in terms of stores.  And a lot of the stores were more gimmick stores.  One of the stores was a sock store, which reminds me of the one at CityWalk.  In terms of shopping, Mandalay Place would be similar to CityWalk (a lot of stores that would not be everyday shopping).  At least Mandalay Place has more well known restaurants.
4	needs more shops & restaurants/bars...   but fun!
4	Very nice indoor strip mall connecting Luxor and Mandalay Bay. There's a few different restaurants and places to get your Vegas memorabilia swag and then a few nice odds and ends like Lush and Minus 5. You can get your burger on (Burger Bar), sushi (RM Seafood) and then your desert at the new Yogurt In (what does that name even mean, anyway?).
4	OK, this isn't the Forum shops. Its a smaller collection of restaurants and stores that connect Mandalay to Luxor. I happen to love a lot of the stores in here so I am a fan. Want to get new golf gear? Nike Golf can help. Ice Bar? Minus 5. Awesome burger? Burger bar. And the best little bath shop out there - Lush! It is a fun diversion from the tables and the craziness of the casino!
1	Lame!!!!!!!  Why waste your time here when there are dozens of better shopping centers less than 3 miles sway?
3	Came here last night for the first time in a couple years. There were a few new shops since then that opened and a few like Duo that were no longer there.I was glad to see Lush was still there and they also have a new store that just sells socks! I dont know how long a store like that will last but it was cute for what it was.There really are not alot of shops here compared to other places on the strip but if you find yourself at Mandalay Bay its worth a walk through.
2	Only places worth visiting...Urban Outfitters and Burger Bar. Art of Shaving if you're a guy who shaves.Other than that, not much.
3	Mandalay Place is an OK shopping and dining venue between Mandalay Bay Hotel and the Luxor.  I sometimes come here to walk the short distance between the two properties and people watch.  It's great fun.There are some good restaurants here--RM Seafood and Ri Ra to name the two I've been to.  There are some good shops if you need or want the kinds of things they sell.The one turn off for me is the completely overwhelming smell that emanates from the soap shop.  I need to steer clear of that place to avoid sneezing.
3	Nice shopping for heavy pocketed folks.
3	I really want to like this place, it has so much going for it. The ventilation needs to be increased to reduce the significant amount of smoke inside
3	Oddly, I have quite an affection for this tiny little mall between the Mandalay Bay and the Luxor.  It starts with RM Seafood, which I LOVE (if you go, be sure to play the ice cream game!) and the Ice Bar just upstairs from there and it goes on with a funky selection of restaurants and store until you hit the Luxor!I LOVE the Vegas Sock Exchange for all your sock needs.  There is a Guinness store... only one I've ever seen and a Lush Cosmetics which is worth visiting even if you don't make a purchase - although that is hard to do!  If you need sweets, hit the candy store and of course, your standard clothes and accessories are available.   Also, don't miss burger bar if you need a really expensive hamburger... it's actually pretty good - of course, I haven't stepped up to the $60 burger yet, but who knows?  It's Vegas, baby!Anyway, it's small for a mall, but does have some interesting shops.  Worth a peek.
3	This complex is a welcome addition to the Mandalay Bay.  Additional shopping and restaurants is always a good thing.  There are a number of good ones too.  The big issue is that there isn't a lot.  It is one of smallest casino shopping mall.  Even though it looks nice, it just cannot compare to the Grand Canal Shoppes or Caesar's Forum.
3	This is a nice, lively place to eat between the Mandalay Bay and Luxor hotels.  And to shop, of course, but I think Mandalay Place is best for the dining.  The several great restaurants and bars cover a range of specialties and atmospheres/themes, and most are unique to Mandalay Place.  The stores are good too -- covering the usual variety, mostly of clothes, art, and jewelry -- but most of these seem to be duplicates of those found elsewhere on the Strip; this means you don't need to come to this end of the Strip for your shopping if you're staying elsewhere -- or you don't need to make purchases here if you're staying closer to other shopping areas -- but eating here is worth it.
4	Had a great dinner at R M UP last night!  The short ribs were amazing and the Niki Minaj Big Ass Chips are must have.  Julie and her team were the best!
