4	Firestone Tire and Auto center in Salisbury NC suck. But, this location is clearly a different breed I mean they actually know what they are doing ! From the time I stepped into this place you could tell it was very professional not those greasy jeans and Holy T shirts of that " other " place that has a Firestone sign?        Its really hard for me to believe it is the same company I did find out it was a different" district " maybe that was what it was, and thank the Lord for that. I had 2 mechanics ask me me what I needed not to mention no waiting " We will get right on it!"         I would give this place 5 stars but, they are about 70 miles away hey Firestone move this place closer!!! Unbelievable the difference and when they showed me a air filter that looked like someone did not change it the last place I was at just makes you wonder! If you ever in the area you have to try this place!! Do not take my word for it
5	Went back today ( actually yesterday)  to get the other vehicle serviced the oil changed, the car was completely checked from top to bottom belts fluids,tires , any they proved it not only by putting it in writing but , they went over it all in non mechanic language! Look if that was my forte I would do all this myself well maybe not ....     And you know what? Everyone that I spoke with while there said the same thing when I asked" have you been here before?" Every single one said they would go no where else!"       Yes for me it is a bit of a drive but, to get a honest place to get the vehicles worked on a place I can trust . A place that  you would tell your mother to go to! Not to mention everyone else in the family! Its just that kind of place.!
4	After having a bad experience at the Firestone on Arrowood Road, I took it too this Firestone for the warranty work.  I have to say I was impressed.  They were upfront about the problem which turned out to be minor, got me in and out in a very reasonable amount of time and didn't try to sell me any unnecessary services.  They were reasonably busy for a Tuesday and had a lot of repeat customers.  I'll recommend this Firestone in a heartbeat.
3	I go here because my parents have a package on my car that receives a free tire rotation with an oil change. but EVERY time I go there, there is always something Extremely wrong. Apparently my AC system was shot, although it worked fine for the exception of the belt squealing. My struts were "not going to pass inspection" so I held off until inspection time, where it passed with flying colors. Glad I didn't go ahead and do all repairs for 3grand.
5	So friendly! Driving from Charlotte to Atlanta and discovered I might have a problem tire. They got me in without an appointment and thoroughly examined the problem, found nothing wrong, then sent me on my way without charging me. Awesome!
1	I went because my ac was leaking water, they charged me to "clean" the drain hose. when I went back the next day because it was still leaking water I was told that it would "work itself out" I'm sorry, didn't I pay you to fix the problem so it wouldn't leak water on my feet.
