4	Fred and crew did a fantastic job repairing and restoring my beautiful 12 year old brown leather sofa (nearly destroyed by three very active boys).  It really does look (and smell) just like NEW!  They kept me informed, were timely arriving for appointments, finished the work on schedule and cheerfully gave detailed instructions on caring for my furniture.  Work quality excellent, and everything was completed exactly as promised.  Great team!
1	I contacted them to replace the springs on my  leather couch. At first they seemed really helpful and interested in the work. I talked to the owner who was supposed to call me back to schedule when to come look at the couch and take it to their shop. That phone call never happened. I even called and left a message with the receptionist and he never called back. So the next day I called again and talked to him. He didn't care at all that he didn't call me back. He flatly told me that he was busy and that I was 1 of 20 people he needed to call or that had called him. Great that he is that busy but if he continues to disregard potential customers like he did me he won't be busy for much longer.
5	i found leather like new from the yelp reviews and fred is wonderful! he picked up my couch cushion and even delivered it back to me! he did a great job repairing it and was so sweet to teach me how to clean my couch as well. his staff was also very nice and helpful! i would def recommend leather like new to anyone! give fred a try you wont be disappointed!
1	If I could give zero stars, I would.This guy is a joke.  I have been waiting to have my expensive leather sectional repaired for a very small stain since MAY 21st.  My couch is under warranty, and both the company and I have had no luck in getting Fred to call us back.  The repair is covered, and the guy should get paid.  So why am I getting the run-around?I initially called to inquire about their services, and was told I would receive a call the next day to set up an appointment for Fred to come out to my home.  One week, then two weeks go by - so I called and was told "oh, I thought you were already set up?"  So by this time, he was booked out for 2 weeks.  So I waited a total of 4 weeks before he came out to look at the piece.Fred was over an hour late for our "appointment" and seemed rushed and irritated when he was here.  He wanted to take the piece of my sectional back to his shop to fix it, although previously he told me he could fix it on site.  He kept going back and forth on what he wanted to do.  In addition, he couldn't give me an estimate but told me that it would probably be more than what my warranty would allow.  When I balked at this, he finally decided to not take my furniture (I wouldn't have allowed him anyway considering I probably wouldn't get it back for another 4 weeks).  He told me that I would receive a call the next day with the estimate.  Not surprisingly, AGAIN the call never came.  This was JUNE 25th.I called my furniture company's warranty line and explained the situation.  They called Leather Like New directly and also never received a call back, and I have since been looking for other services as now it is JULY 29th and my piece is still stained.  I am so frustrated.Fred's excuse over and over was that he is "busy."  I am a professional and we are all busy!  Customer service here is horrible; I felt pushed off, and honestly lied to about when I would get calls back.  I have called and left messages about my dissatisfaction.  I HAVE NOT RECEIVED ANY CALLS OR EXPRESSIONS OF REMORSE IN REGARDS TO HOW I HAVE BEEN TREATED.  Fred will not be busy for long.  I will never be recommending his services, or lack thereof for that matter.  If you want to be treated appropriately and with respect, and to have something done in a timely manner, please look elsewhere.
5	Great customer service and top notch work!  I had several pieces of furniture in need of repair.  Some required wood working, others new upholstery, and another requiring leather treatment.  All of the work was done quickly and expertly.  Fred and the team were professional and courteous.  I have no idea how they made the leather chair 'like new' but they did it.  We've had the furniture back in our house for a few weeks now and I am 100% satisfied.
5	Absolutely fantastic, the best money we've ever spent! Chris, Roberto and Fred were wonderful to deal with, very quick to respond to my initial inquiry and within 10 days from start to finish, our 12-yr. old leather couch and loveseat are back, looking just like new. Both pieces had several worn spots and, scratches (many from cats!) and even a tear, but you'd never know it to see them now. Customer service is excellent - Chris explained the repair process in detail, and they did just what they said they would do. Pricing seemed more than reasonable to us, and even the loaner couch we were given was very nice. It's very rare for  our expectations to be met in terms of quality of work and customer service when dealing with service companies, but Leather Like New far exceeded them with their professionalism and craftsmanship. I can't recommend them highly enough! Many, many thanks guys!!
5	Wow! I just can't tell you how impressed we are with everyone at Leather Like New. I brought in four VERY used bar stools to see if they could bring the seat leather back to life. They went over the stools in detail, asking many questions and really took the time to understand the final look that we desired. I was a bit apprehensive but within a few short days, we got a call that they where ready for pick-up. The stools look absolutely amazing! I'm a total perfectionist and still can't believe how good they look. We had also planned to take the stools to an upholstery shop to have the backs recovered. But Leather Like New took care of that as well. Thank you Fred, Brett, Chris, and the whole crew. You guys did an amazing job. Great prices and great service. They did what they say they were going to do, they answered the phone every time we called, and even update us along the way. Nice work.
5	Our 15 year old leather sofa incl. 2 matching chairs were showing their age. Fred and his team recommended that it needs refurbishing. The work was done in a very short time which fitted our schedule in the summer of 2014.As it turned out we had some minor defects, partly due to age, I called one day before Christmas 2014, Fred responded immediately and promised to come before New Years Day. Again he came timely and the work was finished January 2, 2015 at no charge.Tony the technician who did most of the work at our home was extremely polite, careful and a pleasure to work with.We can highly recommend this company.
