4	I got some coupons in the mail, urging me to try out this newly-renovated Safeway. It's only a touch further than my Albertsons, so i  figured, why not?I hadn't seen it before, so I can't really compare it to its old state. But it certainly is pretty now. It appears this now is one of those fancier "market" type Safeways.My feelings on those are mixed. I like that they offer some more gourmet, and high quality products. I don't like the clausterphobic feeling created by higher shelves and narrower aisles -- exacerbated by lots of displays. Maybe that's just my hangup. The store was blessedly empty for a Sunday afternoon, so I didn't have to fight too many people to get by. But I imagine if I tried to shop on a Monday evening, I'd have to hurt someone.Anyway, the store is very neat and bright, and has many services, such as a large floral section and of course, a Starbucks. There is a another one in the parking lot, in case you start to crash within those 50 yards.I was also pleased to find that they have a gas station out front too, and you can qualify for 20 cents off a gallon - that's cheaper than Costco! I will certainly be hitting them up for my next fill up.
4	So this Safeway is the store that is closest to my house.  That said it has become my 'go to' store when I need something on short notice.  However, it has also become my 1st choice for shopping.  Not because Safeway has great sales or prices; or because the store is clean and generally well stocked although lately I have been chagrined at their lack of choices in Hagen Daazs Ice Cream. ;o) It is the staff at this store that does it for me.  Betty and Nicole in the Pharmacy are absolutely the best; I have never had such great service from any pharmacy.  They go out of their way to make sure the customer is taken care of and happy.  John in the meat department will do any specialty cut I ask for and is a great source if you are unsure as to what cut will work best for the dish you are making.  The checkers are wonderful; friendly and helpful.  I always enjoy chatting with Ryan when I am there.  Barry and Anthony are great courtesy clerks, always happy to help with the heavy stuff.All in all what the store lacks in product and prices the staff more than makes up for.  For me, as for most consumers, customer service makes a huge difference when choosing were I shop.  I may get better prices at WalMart but I won't get the same service and consideration I get at Safeway.  That is what makes this Safeway great.
1	Some of the prices are really high but that's not the main reason why I am giving this a low rating. They have deceptive offers on many products. As an example, I recently noticed that Strawberries had a buy one get one free deal going on. They were in boxes of one pound and the per pound club price was quoted as $2. I knew that same week Walmart had $1 per pound on the same strawberry boxes but since this one is the same if I took two boxes, I decided to buy. While checking out, the cashier said the price per pound is $2 after the deal. When I asked for the free box, he said I can get that if I pay $4 for the first one! That was the non club card price but he said the offer is what makes the club card price $2. Okay, so they wanted to price four times that of Walmart, refuse to do a price match and call that a 'special' buy one get one free deal for club card holders! Can it get any worse?Same experience for Pistachios. I don't see any reason why anyone should buy from here, especially when they have deals like this. They don't do a price match although key competitors like Walmart and Frys do.
3	This is the closest grocery to my apt.  So when I am in need of something in a hurry like last week when I wanted to make gravy and found I was out of flour this is where I went.  I am a long time Albertson's shopper and have trouble finding my way around here.  One very positive note is they address me by name after scanning my card at the register.
2	I normally only venture here when Albertsons is out of something I need. On this particular day it was Easter Sunday and I needed marshmallow fluff. To be fair, I was already annoyed that I had to go to a second grocery store and was in a time crunch. In true Safeway fashion they had one lane open with a long line of people waiting. Evidently an express lane or self checkouts are a foreign concept here. Anyways, when it was my turn to get checked out I got to listen to the cashier (who was like 12) tell the bagger girl what an overrated holiday Easter is. Then they proceeded to discuss how hot it is to be tied up. I think Bashas is about to become my backup grocery store...
3	I go to Safeway at this location to use the pharmacy but every now and then I will do some food shopping as well but since they are crazy expensive that is rare.  I like the pharmacy because its not as crowded ( busy ) and the staff are nice and very friendly plus most of the time when you drop of your script they will have your script ready in 10-15 minutes.Additionally, you do earn gas rewards.  Its the same program as Fry's.  They also participate in the $4 generic program for certain medications BUT just make sure they apply the discount they tend to "forget".  They close at 8PM and I believe a little earlier on Sunday's.For what its worth, Safeway Pharmacy at this location is A-OK.
4	It's a nice Safeway. Never too crowded. Good selection of fruits and vegetables. No complaints here.
4	This Safeway is always clean and EMPTY! No one comes here!! If you ever need to do any holiday grocery shopping, come here! You can shop to your heart's content and never be rammed into by a mom and her four kids, an old lady in an electric wheel chair, or an obnoxious group of gaggly teen aged girl looking for cookies to bake for their football player boyfriends. Shop here. It's awesome!
4	Nice big, clean, store of moderate upscale feel with wide, uncramped aisles.  Quiet and pleasant on all occasions I've been there, though at somewhat "off" hours.   Deli counter, in-house bakery, pharmacy, US Bank, and Starbucks.  Personable early morning Starbucks gal much appreciated! Store staff always helpful when asked. Some friendly, some perfunctory, but never rude.  Good produce.
4	The store is always clean, empty, and have a pleasure atmosphere for shopper. They always have weakly discount and personalized deals. The store is also good at customer service. That's great. However, some stuffs in Safeway are ridiculously more expensive than other stores.
