5	I needed to pick up something for an upcoming camping trip and rather than drive all the way over to Paradise Valley, I decided to stop in.  Was pleasantly surprised to find that they had what I needed.  The staff was very attentive and helpful.
2	Very poor customer service.  There was only one other couple in the store when we arrived, but 3 staff members were hanging around the front entrance.  We asked where some sandals on sale were and the first person pointed off to the right and said they were under the swimming noodles.  Despite the 3 of them doing nothing, no one bothered to walk us to there and help us find the items.After finding some sandals to try on, we asked if there were chairs and we were told they were in the shoe area.  Again, the staff just stood around at the front doing nothing.  Once at the shoe area, the seats were covered with shoe boxes from prior customers trying on shoes.  A 4th staff member was standing right there staring into space.  After I started clearing away the extra boxes so I could sit down, he suddenly woke up and at least moved a couple more boxes.  Did he ever ask if we needed help?  Not likely.  Did he ask if we were finding what we needed.  Don't be silly.Finally, off to the cash register to make the purchase.  Fortunately, I had carefully noted the sales price of the sandals I was buying, because they rang up at full price.  At least there was no problem form the cashier to make the adjustment, so that one part went okay.This is clearly management's fault, as they have obviously not trained their staff at all.
4	You can't complain about service when you are the only customers in the store and you have 2 sales clerks helping you out! My husband works out a lot so we come to Big 5 semi-annually to buy him some new running shoes. He likes the brand Saucony and Big 5 usually has a decent selection at good prices. I suspect that most are discontinued models, thus the terrific prices, but at the end of the day who cares if they are from the Spring 2014 collection? My only beef about the store is how crowded it is. They manage to cram more merchandise in a medium size store than you would find in a store twice the size. The aisles are narrow and to get from one end of the store to the other is akin to running the gauntlet. I guess it is worth it though to get $110 running shoes for $50.
