5	Hot Dogs with chili and cheese, Big Gulp Coke w/ vanilla, gas and great service!We live down the street from here and it's a lot cleaner than the other 7-eleven's that I've been to. Service with a smile, YUP.
5	Good people here. Every time I'm in vegas or red rock area I somehow mysteriously end up here at 4 am....and every time the bathroom is clean, these guys are efficient and customer oriented and they have what I want.This time it was just now....writing this review from outside the store (was bookmarked to finish at least), eating a magnum ice cream bar (first time...very good...) & drinking my 52 ounce iced coffee. Yeah...52 ounces...on the house....tastes fresh, but apparently it has been out for a while so the guy gave it to me. Its only saving me two bucks or so to give it to me, but its more the thought that counts....these guys really give a crap about their customers. Did I mention the guy here recognized me from two months ago...the last time I was here? ..and remembered what I ordered which was totally different from this trip... 5 stars: easy.Oh yeah, I still have the massive super huge plastic cup that my free coffee came in.
5	Best fountain soda's in town!
4	nice location buy my house people are always nice even when im not lol
5	5 stars is kinda weird for a 7-11 but both girls working the other day were extremely polite and friendly. Customer service is outstanding for a stop & rob and a few of our local restaurants could learn a thing or two from them.
4	Consistently good customer service. After a little thought 4 stars is probably more appropriate than 5. I am a fan and I'll continue to keep coming here. Keep up the great work!
4	I stop by here frequently to fill up for gas. From breakfast to snacks and drinks this is my goto spot. The services is friendly and the store is clean. I have been to these stores all over the city and this one is on top of their game.
5	I've been to quite a few seven Elevens in my lifetime. Normally you running you make your purchase to get together should leave you really don't give it a second thought. You're absolutely notice when the place is nasty and clean or the people are rude or  unfriendly. I'm greeted with a smile every time no matter the hour of always have a fantastic experience at MY 7-Eleven yes,  I call it mine because I go there often and its right by home. If you go there often it can be yours in your review...anyway ........I just wanted to say I absolutely enjoy the people at MY 7-Eleven.
