3	Another Chinese restaurant in town with a BIG menu (opened like yesterday). This place was previously the Boneyard Bar & BBQ and you can tell that because there is a bar area in the middle. They have fresh lobster and tilapia in the tank so thats a good thing. They are newly open so the menu is still kinda unofficial and it can sure use some remodeling and decoration to make it more like a Chinese restaurant but overall its not a bad place to dine.Based on their menu, they can cook some big dishes like dongpo pork hock but we tried something basic. Food is nicely cooked and relatively authentic (they have american chinese food too). Price is medium ($$).4 stars for the food2.5 stars for the environment but things may turn better with running
4	This is owned by the old original cook/owner of Tang Dynasty in Lincoln Square Mall. If you ever wonder what happened to the food there, it was this: the cook sold it and left. He's now opened a new place and the food's just as good as I remembered it. Had the dry-fried string beans, some stir-fried beef and mixed veg dish, the mix platter appetizer and some beef noodle soup. All were quite flavorful and tasty, and not too oily (something that happens often in this town with Chinese food, sadly). Could not stop eating the green beans, even my four year old liked them. For those who use this metric for their Chinese restaurants: every other patron there was native Chinese, both students and older folk. Parking is free, easy and plentiful. As others have said, the interior is the exact same (they even still have the beanbag toss game out on the patio and the 'lucky' rock in the lobby from when it was Rock's) just with a bunch of tables thrown in but I'm sure that'll change as it gets established.The serving staff was efficient (might have to point at the menu item you're ordering) and quick with the food, which was piping hot and obviously freshly made, and quite friendly with my son when he practiced his Chinese on them. All in all a nice time, excellent authentic food, easy parking close to campus and convenient hours. Give it a try, you won't be disappointed.
4	Went here last night--food was great and, as far as I could tell (not being Chinese myself), one of the more authentic Chinese restaurants in Champaign-Urbana.  Run by the former owner of T'ang Dynasty and possibly as good as Golden Harbor.  We had eggplant with ground pork, cold noodles (spicy with ginger and chile), cold salty Nanking duck, and fried spring rolls.  All was delicious, especially the eggplant and the duck.  And there's plenty more on the menu to explore.This place has been open in the old Fireside/Rocks/Boneyard BBQ building across from Mas Amigos since late December, so, yes, the interior is pretty much just the bare bones of a bar and grill right now, but much less spartan than Golden Harbor's lunchroom ambience, if that kind of thing is important to you.  Go give them some business!
4	This place is actually a welcome addition to the Chinese restaurant scene in Chambana.  They have a live fish tank in the front lobby, a big rock (to rub for luck...leftover from when the restaurant was "The Rock"), a bar and a huge dining area.   Their menu is very extensive with seafood, pork, poultry, beef, vegetables, etc.  I walked in around 11am and the restaurant was empty.  It was VERY cold so I wound up keeping my jacket on.  I ordered from their lunch menu ($6.95!) and wound up getting the Hong Shiao Fish fillets.  It comes with a choice of soup (hot sour or egg drop) or salad, an egg roll or crab rangoon, and white or fried rice.   I chose hot and sour, egg roll and white rice.  Everything came out FAST.  The egg roll had lots of pork in it with cabbage, the hot sour soup was hot and yummy.  And the entree was wonderful!!! They do have the American lunches (moo gai pan, kung pao chicken, etc) but I tried to get something that I never had before.  There were lots of bell peppers, snap peas, onions, mushrooms and flaky white fish.  The sauce wasn't typical... it was a welcome flavor of sweet and savory!!!   Anyway, I enjoyed it for being a fast Chinese lunch... and the price and service were great!   I'll definitely return!!!
4	South China Restaurant is a new Chinese restaurant in Champaign in an old barbecue place (I believe the name was Boneyard BBQ).  Many of the fixtures, etc. from the old establishment remain, which gives it a slightly strange vibe, but the food cannot be beat.  While they do serve some Americanized dishes, we asked the waitress to recommend some more authentic dishes.We ordered:-Stir fried green beans  - very salty but delicious-Tofu hot pot - very spicy and VERY tasty-Stir fried chicken - reminded me of dry spicy Chicken, but better. This is an incredible dishThe dishes were a bit pricey, but unlike some other places in town the interior is very clean and it is not counter service.  I look forward to coming back and trying more.
3	Sweet and simple.The food is decent and it provides for a nicer environment than some other places you might go to.But ultimately, for the price we paid and the quality of the food we got, there are better options.Entrees were around $15
4	Top 2 Chinese in Champaign!  The only downside is sometimes it gets slow for the ordered dish to come!
5	Very authentic Chinese food!!! Best choose for you find Chinese restaurant. I found those photos from facebook.https://www.facebook.com/pages/South-China-Restaurant-%E5%BF%86%E6%B1%9F%E5%8D%97/118594498310448
5	A lot of the Chinese students here said this was a good place and more authentic than the other Chinese places in town. I was recommended to try the stir-fried fish with chili and and the steamed fish with chili sauce. Both were excellent and both dishes were big enough for two people to share. We also had a good dish that was thinly sliced potatoes and peppers. We also had a plate with various kinds of mushrooms. Very tasty! They have some American Chinese dishes too, but I didn't see the point in getting them, since I like trying new things and their menu is huge!They do not have a full bar like it says under the description, though.  But we inquired if we could do BYOB and they said it would be fine.
4	It suprises me how there are so many good Chinese places in such a small area of Central Illinois and South China Restaurant adds to this list. For me, South China is in the middle of the pack -- not as fancy as Rainbow Garden or as tasty as Golden Harbor, but somewhere inbetween. The big plus of this restaurant is the spacious interior and decent size parking lot but the dishes are a little on the expensive side and the service could be quicker. Food is inconsistent with some dishes being excellently prepared while others are bland and forgetful.  In particular, I liked the Deep Fried Fish Fillet with Pine Nuts & Sweet & Sour Sauce, Sauteed Asparagus & Shredded Pork, Braised Pork, Mao's Family Style, and Stewed Meatball With Brown Sauce in Hot Pot.
1	The waitress is suck.And the dishes tastes not so good Bad restaurant forever.Maybe u guys can choose Golden Harbor to eat the Chinese restaurantDo not come to this bad restaurantYou will be regret for your choice
4	I'm on a mission to find a good Chinese restaurant that is reasonably priced in Chambana, and I was happy with South China Restaurant.The Good:-The Steamed Dumplings were delicious. The whole reason I came to South China was to satisfy my immense craving for dumplings. -The Moo Goo Gai Pan was also very good, I would definitely order it again as the dish has always been one of my favorites.-My SO ordered the shrimp lo mein and I stole a bite of the shrimp, and it had very good flavor, and he said that he enjoyed it.-The portion size was exactly what I was hoping for. We both left full and with enough leftovers for another meal (which we ate the next night). The Bad:-The service wasn't fantastic. Sometimes a bit slow, but there was one waitress for the entire dining room of 10-15 tables, so it was completely understandable. Overall:I would definitely return, the food was very good, though I wish they delivered!
5	Just randomly felt like Chinese while in town, and chose to come here based on Yelp. They have pretty decent portions for lunch specials, and everything was very good! Definitely try the hot/sour soup and the seseme chicken!
