5	These people are just SOOOOOOO NICE! As I parked in the front of the shop, the owners (Rex and Eileen) greeted us by running out of the store and welcomed us inside. I mean, my own family never even welcomed me home like that so it said something about their customer service.It was my first experience so I really did not know what to expect. I was assured by Rex's deep "Barry White" voice that "everything is going to be alright." Alright indeed. I did not realize the whole experience involved the full-body massage with 20% feet focused. The hour flew by. In truth, I can deal without having my feet massaged because I was gritting my teeth from screaming in laughter when Carol (my masseuse) touched them. $38? what a steal...I can seriously do this everyday if there was 25 hours in a day.  Bravo Misty and Bobby, good find!
4	So I guess I'll be the villain and be the first person to not give this place five stars. I take the star system literally. I'm definitely a fan of Rex and his new establishment. I just don't know if it's as good as it gets.At RnR Wine Thursday night, Misti or Thao came up with the idea to get foot massages. We never did, so as I was driving home from the roller derby late last night, I decided to stop by. It was kind of funny. The three people there were lounging around watching TV and didn't notice me. When they finally did, they were uber-apologetic. I agree with My T. These people are incredibly nice and friendly. You can tell they are appreciative of your business.Rex had me sit in one of the "rooms" with two chairs. I removed my shoes and he soaked them in a baby oil and lotion concoction. I told him I wanted 60 minutes and he got started. From head to toe, it was a great massage. He used quite a lot of pressure, which actually felt a little uncomfortable at times, but I didn't really want him to ease up.The place overall is super relaxing. They had soothing music playing and the massage chairs are sleep-inducing. I may have been lucky in that there were no other customers around. I've read stories at other foot spas where the people running the place would just talk on the phone and be completely inconsiderate of the customer. Although Rex did answer his phone once, he whispered a quick conversation, hung up, and apologized.There's currently special Yelp pricing. However, even though Rex knew I was there because of Yelp (and Misti and Bobby), he never mentioned it. Or maybe he forgot. I decided to not bring it up. The experience was worth the regular $38 price tag. It's like I gave him a little extra for the tip. Of course, when I return, I better start taking advantage of it. It's going to add up quickly.
5	Looooooved it!! I went to LV with my brother for winter vacation. My friends recommended this spa to us. Finally a foot massage that doesn't feel like someone is tickling me. Very clean and relaxing. Two guys, Lee and Rex who were doing our foot massage were pleasant, professional and, what is very important, silent throughout the process.  Although I was sleeping for about half of my treatment session I could notice that the foot massage was on a softer side that I personally like.I left the spa feeling relaxed and totally changed and my money was really well spent. Excellent service. The best deal in LV.
5	Soooo, you say your the best huh? Well, ok, fine, you are. We LOVED this place. I went here with a couple of girlfriends and had such a great experience. Right away when you walk in the door you are transformed into a relaxing oasis. The lights are dimmed low, there is calming music playing and no one is chatting the background. Then, you are immediately greeted with hot tea and left to steep your feet in warm water. Ahhhhh! Relief.We did the 90 min massage and let me tell you, it went by to fast. I almost had them do it one more time...it was that relaxing....and all for $52. Awesome! I also love that, even though they spend a lot of time on your feet / calves they also work on the rest of your body too. There are times though that the pressure can be really intense, but not enough that you would want them to stop. Its like they are loosing all the tension up. I also liked how much they seemed to appreciate the business. It is nice to feel like a company WANTS to do business with you. They we also incredibly friendly the entire time. I will be back, and then back again, and then again in the future. I think they should change their name from the Best Foot Spa to the BESTEST Foot Spa. Just saying!
5	It comes down to this: if your feet could talk, they would demand that you take them to the Best Foot Spa.And, if you were smart, you'd immediately comply with their demand.Because, your feet put up with a lot.  Day after day, you take your feet for granted.  You abuse them endlessly.  But they're always there for you.And let's not forget, your feet know all your dirty little secrets.  You're damn lucky they can't talk.  If they could, they'd probably hire Gloria Allred and sue you for everything you've got.One morning you'll wake up and turn on the TV and there'll be a press conference, with your feet sitting there sobbing next to the scary lady in the red suit. Look, you don't want any trouble. So, do yourself a favor.  Get over to Best Foot Spa, as soon as you can.Yes, I know there are 48373717381 other Foot Massage places in Chinatown and many are terrific.But let me put it this way: I visited Best Foot Spa three days in a row, and got 5 Star massages each time.  Three different masseuses (Lee, Elaine, Carol), three (slightly) different routines, but each of them were throroughly magnificent.  And here's another great thing about Best Foot Massage: they are offering a discount if you mention Yelp!  That's just too good to pass up!Mikey C. says: Gloria Allred on line 1, will you take her call?
5	We just drove in from California and needed to relax.  Rex and Elaine were awesome!   They were both very friendly with strong hands!  i have to say that they spent too much time scratching my scalp, but the foot massage was great!it's a nice and clean place. and i think they just opened so there was no waiting time and it was nice and quiet!  Can't beat the yelp price. U gotta check this place out!
5	Woohoo. I have been saying I am going to one of these foot massage places for ages. My feet are shot and I finally went in today. I found this place from the reviews on Yelp. Yelpers did not let me down again! I had no idea what to expect. I was walking in and thinking, I wish there was somewhere to buy a hot tea. As I was seated Lee brought me a hot tea. Without asking. Then came the bucket of hot water in a fresh bag so I wasn't worried about foot germs. He told me to sit on the stool and started on my back. I get frequent massages, so I can take any type of deep pressure they can give out. Lee gave me the best pain ever. Then onto my head. I didn't like the hair scratching at all, nor the face rubbing. I spend a fortune on botox and hair bleach. I don't want it rubbed. Next time I am asking to skip this. Then my arms. This really hurt and I was getting scared for my poor worn out old feet. I knew I could not cope with this pressure on my feet. But he seemed to know how much I could take. I guess from my flinching and body tensing he could tell when it was approaching too much. Never once was it too much for me. I will say, this is definitely not for those who like a light massage. I was floating when I left. I could barely drive home. PS bring warm socks, wear warm comfortable clothes. The cold on my feet killed some of the great feeling on the way out. I am going back tomorrow. Ask for Lee. Def not the B team!!!
5	In addition to the physical strain of a rock show, playing the violin full-time requires hucking light, medium and heavy luggage and equipment on tour. By the time I come home on Monday my limbs, neck and back are trashed! So, I get massages to recuperate, and the frequency is at least once every 2 weeks, and as often as once every 3 days. I have gotten 450-500 massages in my life, and I have to say that if could take one masseuse on tour with me to knead out our knots it would be Rex, the owner of the new Best Foot Spa.Rex's new place (on Rainbow & Flamingo) is fantastically clean, warm and relaxing. Rex's wife Eileen is the perfect tag team partner if you are going in as a couple and need 2 masseuses. Where most casino and resort spas charge a premium for a 'couples massage' option, it is the norm at Best Foot Spa. I love taking out-of-town concert clients to get foot massages - and Best Foot Spa is the perfect place to do this. They can handle up to 6 customers in a single therapy room, and a total of 13 customers at one time. There are two couples rooms and a room that accomodates exactly 3 persons. I have gotten to know 2 other Best Foot Spa masseuses well (Carol & Lee) and they are also incredibly skilled.You will get personal, kind and professional service at Best Foot Spa. This location is new and Rex is making every effort to make sure that 'everything is the best' at his new place. Well, everything at Best Foot Spa IS the best, and suddenly my weekly massage is not only therapeutic, but habit-forming as well! Quick Tip: Having trouble sleeping? Do yourself a favor, call ahead and show up in your pajamas at 10PM or 11PM for a pre-bedtime 60minute massage. My favorite! Yelper discounts!
5	Let me first say that I don't just throw 5 star reviews at just any place! This place deserved the high rating. We were surprised at how great they exceeded our expectations. The greeting and service from start to finish was excellent. They even give you green tea when you arrive. The setup is relaxing, with peaceful music.I mentioned yelp and got the discount ;).I had read about the face being massaged, and I just told him beforehand that I didn't want my face touched. My guy was really good and strong, but being that I am outspoken I wasn't afraid to tell him. They really do massage almost your whole body, I loved the warm towels on the feet. If you are a massage person or too afraid to try, you must go. My husband was hesitant to go with me at first, but he was so happy he went! We are already planning our next visit!!Highly recommended!
5	2 things: Ask for Rex and mention Yelp for a discount. =) Sipping on some tea ask they soak your feet. Ahhhhh. 1.5 hrs of bliss. very accommodating during the middle of the week. Always go off the strip for a massage. Great deals to be found. Thanks Rex. Will visit again when I'm in town again.
5	The Best Foot Spa is such a great find . Thanks Misti Y for the heads up on this place! I wanted to do something different with my husband rather than go to an over priced spa at the hotel. When I was reading over all of the reviews this seemed like a great alternative for a nice price. (See the Yelpers pricing) When my husband and I first got there we were taken to a private room. I don't know if they could sense our tenseness (we were in a heated argument moments before we stepped in the door). The room was nice and dark and you sit on these nice comfy chairs while your feet our soaked in warm water. While your feet our soaking they offer you tea and candy. It felt really relaxing because we both calmed down and just enjoyed the serenity. Then they come in and work on your head. They massage your head, ears and scalp. The scalp massage was a little hard but next time I'll just see if they can do it lighter. Then they work on your feet which was much better than any mini massages you receive while getting a pedicure. They even massage in between your toes. I thought after the foot massage it was over but there was still more to go ...yay! Then you lay face down into the reclined chair and they will work on your back. I felt my back crack a couple of times which was a relief. The staff was so nice and accommodating! This was a great experience and I'm glad my husband enjoyed it because he was skeptical at first. I know he truly enjoyed it because he is already talking about a second trip over there!
5	Looking for a new body or new feet? How about if they just felt new??? Thats how I felt today after my massage. :) I always leave Best Foot Spa feeling my best.UPDATE UPDATE....my review is the same! LOL. I still love this place. The service, the ambiance, the price, the people.....and especially the massage.We always get 90 mins and I still feel like I could go longer. I swear its the fast 90 mins of your life. And do not be fooled by the foot massage sign. You get an entire body massage that will leave you feeling like a brand new rag doll - relaxed all over and feeling great!It is still the BESTEST spa in town. :)
5	I found this place from reading yelp reviews and I must say that it's all true.  They gave me the yelp discount (My first time cashing that in since I usually feel like bad asking for discounts) and the guy massaging me (Rex) actually asked me how I heard about this place. He told me they have only been open for a couple months, but all of their staff is very experienced and boy he was not lying.EXPERIENCE - I was put into a semi-private room that was dimly lit and relaxed as he brought me tea.  Already I felt comfortable and relaxed.  Then the process began.  He massaged my back,shoulders, neck, scalp, face, arms, hands, pretty much everywhere that has tension.  He used a lot of pressure, but I think you feel better longer when you suck it up and take it.  He worked a lot of kinks out of my shoulders and back too.  When he finally worked on my feet I was slightly ticklish about it, but he was firm enough where there were only a couple moments I couldn't relax my body.  When I left I felt like I was walking on air, my feet felt THAT good.PRICE - Like I said I got the yelp discount (10%) and I did the 75 minute session which came out to $43 dollars.  It was well worth it.  I've had regular massages for more or about the same price and felt good while it was going on, but left feeling how I did when I came in.  This type of massage work is focused on reflexology, which may hurt a little, but afterwards you feel great.  I feel fantastic right now and will definitely bring my friends here.Also I was a walk-in and got seated and helped immediately.  That is great service in my opinion.  Granted it was 1pm on a Tuesday.
5	Rex is the man! We already know his hands work the magic of a thousand Merlins. But his mind! His memory is unbelievable.Somehow, he remembered me from my first visit. Maybe he read my Yelp review, but he remembered that he charged me the full $38 price tag. So on this visit, he charged me $4 less, on top of the Yelp discount. He's already one of the nicest guys on the planet. But wow.As far as the massage, this was probably the best one I've had. I went in with Bobby, Misti, and Terri and they recommended Lee. No offense to Rex, but I think Lee's level of pressure was pretty much perfect the whole time. At Bobby's suggestion, he started on the shoulders first. Excellent call! My shoulders have been aching since this morning and it felt so great.In my limited experience, I think what sets BFS apart is how nice and clean the place is. Granted, it's a relatively new establishment. Also, you really get a chance to relax in there. They play some pretty awful elevator music. But in that setting, it kinda works. I almost fell asleep a few times. Almost.I don't get massages that often, but it's confirmed. BFS is my spot.
5	If your feet (and your body) don't leave happy after visiting Best Foot Spa, then you need to get a full-body examination because it's impossible not to fall completely in love with this little gem. Don't let the exterior deter you from entering- if you do, you'll be missing out on the greatness that's about to come. Once you step in, you're immediately transported to a tranquil oasis complete with mood lighting, jazz music on repeat, and the friendliest people who are skilled in the art of making one's body feel good after a long day. This was my first massage experience EVER, and I'm so glad that it happened here. While my feet soaked in a tub of warm water, my masseuse started her healing magic on me. Some parts of the massage made me giggle (I'm ticklish), but I enjoyed every moment, especially the pounding and the pulling actions which were surprisingly soothing. The hour went by fast, too fast. If you've never had a massage before, I recommend this place. So soak your feet, sit back and relax, and be prepared to be relieved of all your aches, pains, stress and worries at Best Foot Spa. Your body will thank you for it.
5	The Low Down:They found knots and kinks around areas I didn't realise I even had muscles. This isn't a new age love and light massage, this was big-russian-woman meets kung fu master and they beat the living daylight out of my stress.Price:   I paid $34 per person(credit card), and because of the quality of service gave a $10 tip(cash). We had mentioned Yelp and got the 10% off promotional discount. Normally it would have been $38 per person.   Location: It was located in a strip mall. There was plenty of parking in front and was a decent area that was much less busy than the foot massage places in China Town.Time and Date:4:45pm on a Monday. We were the only people there. We had no appointment.Blow by Blow experience:    There is a black film over the windows so you cannot see through to the inside. No nonsense and no frills, but clean and serene.  It was dimly lit in the entrance, and there was no one at the front desk, however a woman named Elaine came from the back quickly and welcomed us with a genuine smile. She looked professional and does a lot of good for the typical stigma that asian massage parlours get. This is serious reflexology and that is it.      The first room is a larger and open, dimly lit room. Not dark and dingy but darkly soothing and peaceful. All of the chairs were substantially roomy. With ottoman. Each chair also could be reclined into a full face down massage table. We were led into a couple's semi-private room. There was a half curtain instead of a door that one had to bow slightly to enter. There were hooks on the wall for hanging your personal belongings and a table between two massage chairs.     As we got comfortable, Elaine asked if we would care for a cup of tea which was served in a styrofoam cup. It was nicely brewed and a welcome start to the massage experience. Rex, her partner, came from the back and turned on the AC, dimmed down the lights even more as she left to run 2 steaming hot foot baths in wooden tubs lined with plastic. It looked very sanitary. Everything felt and looked clean. It was very easy to close my eyes and relax, just with these first steps. In the background musak played, which was fitting in a way, though I normally hate musak.     When the massage started we were asked to sit facing our chairs on the ottoman, resting our feet in a hot foot bath. a pillow and towel were placed on our laps and the experience started with what I call "the warm up massage". This helped me loosen up and relax. I could tell it worked because after a few minutes I began slumping forward over my lap pillow.     This portion of the massage entailed working the neck, shoulders, upper back, and upper arms. Both Rex and Elaine have what I call "hard hands". This is a welcome trait in a masseuse. This allowed them to apply as much pressure to points as one might like, and I was quite happy with the pressure they were using. They asked throughout the massage at key points if I wanted more or less pressure. I never has them change their default amount. If you're a love of deep tissue massage and the no pain, no gain philosophy then you will love this style. I had never had reflexology before. Some purists of this style say it's not really reflexology because lotion is involved. Apparently I don't really care if it is or isn't, lol, because in the end I was jelly and quite happy.     During this "warm-up" massage I was asked how long a massage I wanted. I asked for 60 minutes. I forgot to mention we were also asked if we wanted a man or woman attending us. The staff was incredibly quiet, which was wonderful. We knew there must have been a second team in back because we did hear quiet voices at one point. There were no phone calls during the massage service.     From the warm-up massage we were asked to sit back in the main reclining chair where we had our skull, faces, and base of the head/top of the neck attended to. Until you have had your head and face touched in this manner, you have no idea how many pressure points can be manipulated and how incredible you can feel only having such small areas worked on. It was curiously educational and fun as well as and most importantly relaxing, just to experience the strange patterns they might massage at certain points. I have never has western massages that were this interesting.     From the head and face, we had the full foot and leg massages. After that we were asked to flip over and we had the full body head, neck, shoulders, back, arms, upper and lower legs, even a good pressing on my buttocks(and not in a sleazy way.) It was wonderful. It becomes the sort of trust you give professionals when your health is in their hands. You find yourself handing over your body and mentally saying "just fix me. I trust you." That's a good thing to have happen and it definitely happens here.I am converted. I am in love. I will definitely go back.There is boba tea next door. Boba tea. Boba tea. Eat them up. Yummmmm.
4	Not being from Las Vegas I was a little concerned about being off the strip in uncharted territory. But I had a friend with me and one of her friends have been here before, so i thought we'd be ok. And seriously have you seen the prices of any spa treatment on the strip lately. Whew!  So anyway, we took a cab which cost $20 from the Aria and finally made it to our destination. We were a little hesitant as we walked in...the environment is a little strange. However, the people that run the place are very sweet and accommodating. This was definitely a lesson of "dont judge the book by its cover." So they brought us back to these partitioned off "rooms" with some very comfy chairs. We told them what we wanted and they asked us if we wanted a full massage instead of just feet. I had been walking around a trade show for 3 days so i was exhausted and in pain. After a good foot soak in a plastic bag lined wine barrel (which was slightly strange) they proceed to massage. Holy CRAP! I wish i could have a longer session. She knew my areas of pain just by my pressure points, she knew things that i won't mention on Yelo. She made me back feel better, my feet not hurt and my soul happy. This is a great deal for $34 you get a 1 hr massage. And they're not gonna short you on time. Great Place to go!! Ill be back next year for a 2 hr session. For SURE!
5	I am pretty sure this is the only place in Vegas with dark tinted windows that's open till 12am, and you won't come out feeling a dirty about what you just did.And don't forget about the yelp discount!
5	I approve. The previous review is accurate, I did not feel dirty coming out of this place at 11:30pm with my husband. We will return. The next time I will say "no thank you" when they ask me if I want them to do my head/scalp, because they neglected to say this said scalp massage also encompasses the insides of my ear... so ya, was not a fan of the auricular therapy. Besides that, their shoulders and back massages are to die for. And even though the foot therapy hurt a little due to tender spots on my foot (of course I could have requested lighter pressure and they would have accommodated me happily. They also check in frequently to ensure your comfort level.) I know it is therapeutic in the end so I took it like a woMAN. Five stars because we were able to walk in at 10:30pm and still get a flawless treatment without an appointment. Love that they are organized and reliable.
5	I agree with the positive reviews of this spa.  I had a massage there last week, and it was very clean, and the massage was great.  I was glad I got to keep my clothes on, and the masseur put towels over my clothes to protect them from the lotion on his hands when he massaged my back.  Though it was a little painful at times, I didn't ask him to lighten up the pressure, because I wanted to see how I felt afterward.  My feet were in heaven for over a day!  The price was great.  I will be back, and bring friends with me.
5	Five stars for this place! Eileen & Rex are the best! $34 for an hour whole body massage - can't go wrong with that!
5	Believe the hype! I had a massage with Rex and he was fabulous and very sweet. He even gave the  tips of my toes some attention! I have lots of knots in my back and Rex had the right touch, right pressure.
2	I found this place on yelp because I had no interested in paying $125 for a massage!  At $34 for an hour, I thought how could it bad?  Especially with all the 5 star reviews.  I wish I had a 5 star experience.I came in my by myself and was walked to the back and told to sit in the chair and someone would be right with me.  I waited about 10 minutes before she came in (I wish I remembered her name) and pulled the ottoman from under my feet and came back a few minutes later with the plastic lined tub of hot water.  Ahhhhhhhh I was ready for my massage.  She did massaged my shoulders, my scalp, face, arms etc - but totally ruined the mood when she answered her cell phone, not once but twice during the hour I was there!!  God I hate cell phone abuse especially when I'm paying for a service.  When I turned over and she could do my back, twice she put extreme pressure on my tail bone causing much pain.  You'd think after I jumped and said something the first time, she'd avoid that area?  Her touch elsewhere was quite firm and it wasn't until the next day that I noticed 2 small bruises on the sides of my neck. :(  Maybe I'll be back, but I'll make a request for Rex who seems to have many fans here on yelp.  I love the price and the concept here, just had a bad experience with one of their masseuses.
3	Let's call it 3.5 stars.  A very good deep tissue massage indeed.  The price was very nice as well, at $52 for mentioning Yelp, 90 minutes was great!I'd like to do a higher rating, and perhaps if I get back to Vegas in the next year I'll give it another go.  The main problem was the cell phone interruptions.  My masseuse answered his cell phone six times.  I'm sorry, but that is no way to run a business.  When giving a massage that needs to be eliminated as a distraction and nuisance.  It was a real shame actually.  But overall I felt good and the price was nice.
5	Best foot spa, indeed!  I've had my fair share of professional massages which have cost $80+. The quality of the massage given by Joe (Wei) was comparable to a more expensive massage. I've also ventured into other Asian massage venues in Las Vegas but feel my experience at Best Foot Spa was notable enough to warrant a Yelp review :).   Joe provided perfect pressure and paid attention to certain areas which were feeling especially strained.   If you enjoy the feeling of getting your back, arms, and legs worked, I would highly recommend him.  I was especially excited to hear that he was from the same town as my mother, but that does not make my review biased in the least bit ;).  In response to previous reviewers, I wanted to note that Joe did not take any calls during the massage.  It sounds like the previous reviewers had an unfortunate experience, but based on the service I had today, I know this establishment is eager to provide a high level of customer service.  The attention I received was appreciated and I feel comfortable in highly recommending Best Foot Spa to fellow Yelpers.
4	The reviews here on Yelp are spot on. The location is a bit further from me than the other places I had tried - but the reviews here pushed me to try it.$52 (yelp special) for 90 minutes!  How can I say no?sure.  its not a "luxury" spa with typical feminine fluff.  It is however clean, comfortable, inexpensive and quiet.  I do not need anything more.I was put in a partitioned "private" room.  Told my masseuse what I wanted her to work on (more feet and calves - no face and scalp).  The rest was history.  I fell asleep :)  My masseuse was strong, giving me the muscle therapy I needed.  perfect amount of pressure.  Surprisingly, she was also exactly on target with the 90 mins.  I was not shorted like I have experienced elsewhere.My only complaint (as someone else mentioned) was she woke me up because she started talking on her cellphone during my massage.  She was trying to do it at a whisper, but was still intrusive and unappreciated.Make sure you mention the Yelp discount for 10% off.  After my  visit I was given a VIP card for 10% off anytime.I will definitely be going back.  this is my new go-to spot for foot therapy.  Plus, Lee's liquor is right next door :)  kills two birds with one stone!
4	Thank you Yelpers for leading me here!  There are so many foot massage places in LV, it would've been impossible to figure out which one was actually worth going to without your guidance.As per my fellow yelpers' recommendation--I called ahead and made an appointment with Rex. I called about 2 hours prior to when I wanted to go in and had no problems getting an appointment. As everyone has mentioned Rex is great. Great pressure, very friendly and very polite. I've been getting massages 1 - 4 times per month for the past 5 years or so and he's definitely up there in terms of his skill. However, what really stood out to me was his persona. As an Asian-American who frequents Asian massage parlors (all legitimate, no hanky panky stuff) quite often, I'm pretty accustomed to brash service. However, Rex was very friendly, warm, and welcoming. I hardly ever get massages from guys cause it often feels awkward for me as a young woman but with him I was totally comfortable and not awkward whatsoever.Oh yeah, and he was well aware of the Yelp discount and there were no issues with it whatsoever. Definitely worth checking out if or when you're in the area :)
4	Mention yelp and get a one hour full body massage for $34. Not the cheapest I've had, but way worth the money. Typical Chinese massage place, shady on the outside one of the cleanest on the inside. Nice people. Let them know your desired pressure- its pretty hard. Starts with a feet soak in Chinese medicine. Then an upper back massage while sitting up. Then to the head and neck, feet and calves. Then the recliner becomes a massage table and they turn you over do your lower back. Would definitely go back!
5	I have never paid someone to rub my feet.  I repeat.  I have never paid someone to rub my feet.  In fact, until recently, I had never had any free foot rubs either!  As a kid, my mom used to make me rub her feet.  Fortunately, she has really cute feet.  Unfortunately, that did not make me enjoy giving hour long foot rubs.  I digress.My preggers friend and I rolled up to Best Food Spa on a Thursday night around 8.  It wasn't busy and we got lucky and scored Rex and another guy who couldn't really speak English, so I didn't catch his name.  We were led to a private little room with dim lighting (think nightlight) and two massage chairs.  If she was my lesbian life partner, it would have been very sexy.  But as I am not the one who impregnated her, it was just peaceful and relaxing.Rex (the owner) is super friendly and was very conscious of the preggo's comfort.  I felt a little bad for her, because while my guy was twisting and pulling me like nobody's business, my friend's massage was limited to shoulders and feet.  She insists that it was still a wonderful experience and I tend to believe her.  The yelp! discount is fantastic and I cannot wait to pay Rex and his buddies to rub my dogs again!
5	All the five star reviews nailed it.  I entered just as they opened and the place was quiet and relaxing.  I met Rex and he led me to the room where i was to receive my treatment.For the price, i received and upper back massage, head massage, arm massage, and foot reflexology.  I could have actually had a lower back massage as well, but i wanted him to concentrate on my legs.He was courteous,  professional, and damned good.  He asked if he was using too much or too little pressure and all i had to make sure to do was communicate that to him and he responded accordingly.For the price, or any price, about as good as i've had..For the Yelpers, tip off the retail rate, not the discounted rate.Enjoy !!!  It was worth the drive off the strip.
4	After getting preggos, I was avoiding the whole foot massage experience just because...y'know, just because.  But since the Baby was born, it was time to go back to getting some serious work done and Best Foot Spa was calling!First off, I chose this place because it was blowing up on Yelp at the time and second of all, the famous Rex opened this place up.  So, I had to go where he was and experience his magical hand, right?It was my mom and I on this experience and we made appointments just in case.  We were led into a semi-private space with two chairs.  Rex worked on me while my mom had Lee.  As with all of good foot massage places, your feet start off in a hot bath while they work on you head, neck and shoulders.  Then they eventually move onto your feet and then have you sit up to work on your shoulders before having you flip over and lie down!  Yep, lie down I tell you!  I love it when they tell me to flip over and lie down!  (Not all Vegas foot massage places offer this "flip over" business!)  That's when they get to working on your back and pushing you this way and that way while your face is in this hole.  This is what I was looking for!One of the cool things they have are hooks for your purse and jackets - nice touch.  It's the little things that matter!I definitely appreciated that Rex makes a point of looking at the clock when he starts and telling you what time it is so there's no confusion about that.  (Unlike a few other places that claim you're getting a 60 minute treatment, but it's really 50.)At the end of our service, Rex assures me that it's always the same people working there - himself, Lee, Elaine (or Eileen) and Carol.  I think this is because there are so many places that contract workers here and there.  So that makes me feel that you are certain of getting a specific kind of experience there.They also offer a Yelp discount too! 4.5 stars.* Update! (09.20.11)Going down to a 4 star rating.  Lee worked on me last night and although he was good, the smell of cigarette smoke is very distracting.  I hate to have to ask ahead of time if the person working on me is a smoker or not, but I have a strong sense of smell!  That put me off from the very beginning.  Also, Rex took a call while he was working on the Husband.  Yes, I know it's business and all, but very distracting and a big pet peeve of ours.  Get someone else to handle the phones please. Right before they started working on our feet, they mentioned that they could make my feet like a baby's butt...for an additional 30 minutes and a $29 charge.  It includes a hot wax...which I assume is a parafin wax dip. Although I love having my feet super soft, we had to pass this time around.
5	My husband and I needed a massage after a few days in Vegas. Decided to hit this place on the way home, since it's a few miles off the strip. He had Elaine, I had Lee. Both were very good. No complaints about phone calls; never heard a ring the whole time. Will come back again when we are in town. Tip: They accept credit cards but prefer cash, and will ask you if you have it when you try to pay with card.
4	Wow, OK Misty I am officially stalking you. Great Foot Massage! Clean, attentive, strong. Excellent! I was wondering about the chairs, but they fully recline into massage table sort of things. I was massaged by Jason, and he was very good, Lee massaged my husband and he really is strong. Gave my husband a great massage! Definitly coming back!
4	At first I thought they were Korean, but they're Chinese! I spoke Chinese mainly with the guy who was helping me. Didn't get to ask for his name.. he might've been the owner or something.Don't forget to ask for the yelp special. They first put your feet in water (if it's something other than water, I never asked, so I'm just going to assume it's water). They started out on my friend and I with a shoulder massage (too bad it didn't cover knots cus I really wanted to get rid of my knots from work). Next, you put back down onto the sofa chair and they give you a head massage (I skipped this, but my friend got it). They give you a foot massage and that was pretty long. After the foot, you flip around and get a back massage. It's the first time I got a massage and I was like oh, cool, that hole (where you put your face in)!!!! Haha.I'd probably bring my mom back next time especially since they speak Chinese so my mom would be able to communicate with them.Don't forget to tip!!! Bring cash if you can.
5	The reviews for this place pretty much says it all. Visiting from Denver and looking for an off-strip massage to save some bucks. Went to yelp for some help and this is what came up. Superb massage, superb price. We called ahead because we had a group of four. They called in extra people to make sure they could take care of us all at once. I mean this is 1st class treatment. No regrets, period. Thanks Best Foot!
5	"You don't have to take your clothes off to have a good time" should be the motto of this place. I have had this place bookmarked for ages after seeing all the fantastic reviews. I always get by with a little Yelp from my friends. Hardy har har. Anyway, my fella and I were in some serious need of a massage and I wasn't really feeling a fancy spa that I typically visit for this kind of stuff, so we decided to give Best Foot Spa a chance. I have never been to a Foot Spa before. I always see them around town and have been intrigued, but I guess I've been a spa snob in the past and haven't give them a fair shot. We entered and the place is dark, clean and well-maintained. We were quickly ushered to a private room where we were seated on comfy little chairs and offered tea, water and candy. We both opted for come water and then they went to work. We requested the 90 minutes and wow, it was amazing! I can't sing the praises of this place enough. They start off working on our necks and shoulders and like many reviewers before me have noted they make sure the pressure is good and are very willing to go up or down in pressure based on your preferences or sensitivity levels. Once they were done with out necks and shoulders they moved on to our scalp, feet and legs, in that order. Just when I didn't think it could get any better, they tell you to flip over. This chair you're seated in is like a freaking transformer. It converts into so many different positions to accommodate different parts of the massage. Super cool. They finished off with a massage over our entire backs and legs.  Two jazzy versions of "My Heart Will Go On" and three of "Auld Lang's Syne" later I was loose as a noodle and feeling like a new person. I was a big fan of the fact that me and my fella were allowed to sit in the same room together and the music, lighting and lovely smell of the lotion practically put me in a coma.The prices are fantastic and make sure to tell them you're a Yelper for some extra discounts.Love this place. I already have plans to come back after our trip in two weeks to relax our tired tootsies again.
5	This place is great, the massage combined with the low price equals 5 stars.I think basically all massages here are just deep tissue massages. Expect them to normally push hard, so speak up if you want a softer massage.I came with someone else so we were put in a kind of private room dedicated to 2 people. I could still hear others when they were being loud, so it is actually more of a cubicle than a private room.Good thing about this place is they actually know where to massage, which means they do not massage your bones! PS - If you want a medium message I think you should tell them you want a soft massage, their idea of soft, medium, and hard may vary from yours.
5	visit: 8/17/11reason: back KILLED, looking for a relatively inexpensive,highly rated place,preferably one I've never been toO my. I walked in at about 3:30pm and got seated right away without an appointment, but I did hear people come in and have to wait because they too were walk-ins. I was seated in a private "room"/cubicle meant for two,but I got it all to myself.My intention was to go in for a quick 30min back/body massage and it turned into a 90 min full body massage with foot treatment! I got an older gent, didn't catch his name, but super polite, and very strong. I like my body massage to be almost painful so when I leave, I feel like I got my ass kicked and am possibly bruised? lol yeah. I got it there. SO if you are not down for that hard of a rub, let them know. He asked me how it was and I just had this stupid grin the whole time.I don't think I've ever had such a good, thorough massage...and my foot treatment, o my god, I can't even remember all the things that happened to them. They were sanded, buffed, rubbed, pounded, lotioned, clayed,lolI felt like a new woman. I woke up at 4:30am for work that day, worked 6-3, then went there. I thought I was going to go home and take a nap, but this actually rejuvenated me and I went on to clean the house and finally go to bed around midnight. Today, I have that good sore,like my muscles got a freakin workout.Also,while I was telling a "wound up" friend of mine about the experience and price, she texted me five minutes later for the name and number today! lolWIll definitely be back!!!Thanks Misti Y. for a good recommendation :DPS:I paid for services with credit, and cash for tip, because you can't add tip to your credit card bill !
2	The reason I rated-only 2 stars is because I added another 30 min to my one hour massage, because my shoulder and neck was killing me.... So I was charged  additional $30 for 30 min, total of $64 for 90 min which was totally fine, still much cheaper than Aria spa,  I specific asked Rex to massage only my neck, shoulder and back, instead he only spend 10 mins there  and the rest of the time on other area that I asked him not to touch( face and head) I even told him that the last time I had head massage it make me sick for a week, headache and vomiting.      I wish he could listen better  because he did a great job the first hour, the last 30 mins was frustrating and waste of time.    Instead I only tip him $11 or usually I tip 30-40% since they charge so little.
4	We had a great time! Yelpers were pretty right on, my guy and I wanted to try a fun massage and this worked out great! Will totally be back next time we are in Vegas. A few things: * great for first time massage~ since you keep your clothes on*they do sometimes talk on cell phones, but I think if it really bothers you please ask them to stop ~ they were very nice about it * Check in on Yelp and tell them an show them the check in an get 10% off*** Best part we felt like Jello after the hr. and only paid $34 a person :) !!Great deal, nice people and wonderful massage :)** There is also a really cute Boba Drink Shop next door and perfect for afterward :) Have fun!
5	Like others have said, it is located in a shady area of Vegas but is very welcoming and peaceful when you walk inside. I made appointments both times I went but it wasn't necessary. I took my sister in law with me on my first visit and we both walked out feeling extremely relaxed and happy with our service. The second time I took my husband and his only comment was he wished he would have had a woman massage him instead of a male. I believe Rex massaged me both times and he listened to exactly what I wanted and respected my wishes for pressure. Anytime I'm in Vegas, I will be stopping by for a massage.
4	I was looking for a Chinese Foot Massage place after getting one on my visit to San Francisco, and found this business on yelp, so decided to check it out.  When I got to the room (there are many private rooms with 2 chairs), Rex brought a basket of water for my feet to soak in, then he had me sit on the stool for a neck and shoulder massage.  It was great!  He then sat me back in the chair and proceeded to massage my head, neck, face (temples and eyebrows), arms, and hands, all while my feet were soaking.  He then did my feet and calves.  When he was finished, he had me "turn over to my stomach".  Yes, he then massaged my back, shoulders, and legs.  It was super relaxing, and an hour is only $38, but since I signed in on Yelp, I got a 10% discount!  Rex also gave me a card for 10% off each visit!  I highly recommend this to anyone who loves massages, but doesn't like the "getting naked" part of them.
5	I went here today and it wa better than the last time. This place is the best. Clean and professional. Only complaint is the chatty Cathy clients. Shut up people. It is like they have magic hands that hit all the spots screaming for attention. It starts with a nice hot tea and hot foot bath and ends with pure bliss. I almost stayed for an additional hour. Unfortunately, I had stuff to do. See them tomorrow. Addicted.
5	My mom and I were in town and yelped this place. Glad we did. It was clean, they were welcoming, and very professional. Best accupressure I've ever had. We are on cloud nine.I got Rex and my mom got his wife as her tech. It is nice, but informal. They will answer the phone to take reservations, but they do it quickly and barely whisper! It is hard to complain at that, since they charge so little for the service. Seriously, not having to pay a desk person is how they pass along the savings to you! Here at home I found a nice accupressure place, but the cheapest they go for an hour is 55... they have a desk person! On the drive out here from the strip I did notice several other places I saw reviewed on Yelp, but I am glad we came here. Rex was the bomb. Elaine and Rex were the only people here and we were lucky no other customers were because if we had showed up 5 minutes into someone else getting the hour and half like we did we probably would have gone to one of the other places. If at all possible I would call ahead to book out your time so you won't have to wait. Rex is good, but I can tell from his demeanor that anything less than perfection is not tolerated (in a good prideful way, not like in a cruel dictator way), I would have gone to anyone he had working there. Checked in on Yelp and got the discount, don't miss the little shop next next store! They have boba Tea, or bubble tea. They have both tapioca and coconut jelly kind! My mom liked the mango smoothy, what a nice treat after the massage!
5	Since my first review was filtered, I will try to post another one since Misti Y and I have been here more than 20 times since it opened.In addition to the physical strain of a rock show, playing the violin full-time requires hucking luggage and equipment on tour. By the time I come home on Monday my limbs, neck and back are trashed. So, I get massages to recuperate, and the frequency is at least once every 2 weeks, and as often as once every 3 days. I have gotten 450-500 massages in my life, and I have to say that if could take one masseuse on tour with me to knead out our knots it would be Rex, the owner of this spa.Rex's place is fantastically clean, warm and relaxing. Rex's wife Eileen is the perfect tag team partner if you are going in as a couple and need 2 masseuses. Where most casino and resort spas charge a premium for a 'couples massage' option, it is the norm here. I love taking out-of-town concert clients to get foot massages - and this is the perfect place to do this. They can handle up to 6 customers in a single therapy room, and a total of 13 customers at one time. There are two couples rooms and a room that accommodates exactly 3 persons. You will get personal, kind and professional service here. This location is new and Rex is making every effort to make sure that 'everything is the best' at his new place. It is CLEAN, which is much more than I can say about other Spring Mountain Road spas. Rex makes sure the towels on the chairs are changed. I've been to other local spas that don't change their towels for days. An important detail when deciding on a foot spa. You don't want to get scabies.FYI, you may get a one-handed 'intermission' when another customer calls your masseuse's cell-phone to make an appointment. This happens at all Asian foot spas, worldwide - whether in SoCal, Vegas, Bali or Germany. If you take offense to this, you're better off spending $100+ at a conventional spa, where you are guaranteed a call-free session. (It actually makes me happy when Rex gets a call during my massage, it means he is getting more business, and I want his shop to do well!)
5	I feel like a new woman! I came here for a much needed massage after coming back from walking the gruesome hills of San Fran and Eileen is a BOSS! I've been here a few times before but never has anyone relieved the aches and pains of my body the way she did. First off, she warmly greeted me at the door and walked me back to the room also offering me water or hot tea. I really appreciated the fact that she asked if I wanted more/less pressure when she was massaging me because most times, it just isn't enough for me. Let me tell you, May Ling has some strong hands! I haven't been massaged like that in years and I'm just so grateful to have found someone that went beyond my expectations of an AWESOMELY AWESOME massage. All hail Eileen!
5	Fantastic service from both Rex and Brittany. Both of them were super friendly and just went the extra little bit.My girlfriend and I each got the hour long massage, it was pretty much a full body and you get a 10% discount for mentioning yelp. Comes out to $34, well worth it!!!We go back all the time... we love it.
5	My husband has been seriously slacking on massages, so he let me seek out professional help. I had seen the amazing reviews this place was getting so it was a toss-up between this and one of those chains that cost $10 more for 10 minutes less massage. Well, I chose Best Foot Spa and my body is super happy about the decision. I have never been to a foot spa before and while this place isn't as fancy as a big spa, it makes up for it where it really counts: the massage! First off, I had the pleasure of receiving Rex as my masseuse and he was SO nice! He could have broken my foot in the process and I would still think he was the most gracious person I've ever met. As you've probably read, this place does not only do feet but a whole body experience. I was reading the reviews about phone use and got kind of nervous that I would have really loud people interrupting my massage with their phone calls so I brought my headphones, put on Gotye, and I was in heaven. The massage flowed, pressure was excellent, and toward the end I almost had an anxiety attack because l didn't want it to end. Unfortunately, all good things must come to an end. I don't get massages very often, but when I do, I will definitely be back to see Rex.
4	$34 if you mention yelp for a full body and foot massage for 1 hour.... really can't complain :). The place does need organization though. Call in advance, make sure there are people available to give you your massage. If you have certain preferences such as female over male, specifics on the massage itself, etc., be sure to let them know in advance! We went in without a formal reservation and unfortunately our massage was cut short because they needed to cater to others who had made reservations in advance. That was definitely a downer. The massage itself is great and recommended! They are friendly and will provide you with water or tea, plus they will cater to your preferences during the massage.
4	Great prices, and good service.. the only complaint was when we went to go pay there was a big confusion.  Also i had scheduled appointments the day before, but we had to wait 15 minutes before me and my mother were able to get started.
5	This is a fantastic value! I'd been trying to get all my friends to try it, but they just weren't sure about a massage place in a strip mall. They need to get over it. Seriously. The place was quiet, clean, and safe. I went with my boyfriend, who was trying to justify several hundred dollars on a couple's spa day. I've never been to a spa, so I'm sure it's worth it, but I needed a real massage.Rex did my massage, and a woman (I didn't catch her name) did my boyfriend's. We got to sit side by side in comfy chairs. We were offered water/tea, and everyone was so welcoming and nice.They brought the tea water foot bath, and the temperature was just right. Rex really worked hard on my shoulders, first. It was great, the pressure was perfect, and he made sure to ask often if it was ok. Then he asked if I wanted the head massage, and of course I said yes. It was really nice, except I was a little alarmed with the fingers in the ears. I've never had that done before, but it wasn't bad. Then he worked on my feet for a really long time. I'm super sensitive with my feet and legs, barely touching them hurts a lot. So this part was a bit painful for me, and I had to tell him to go lighter. He instantly apologized and changed pressure. Even though it was a bit painful at times, my feet have never felt better!  Then I flipped over and got the back, legs and hips.Some extras I should mention: Next time I'll ask for more shoulders and neck, as it was fantastic!! Also, I have to mention, that I had a huge bruise/knot on my leg, and Rex was great about working around it. My boyfriend has a messed up back, and even the chiro's can't pop it, but at the end of his massage, he got some wonderful cracking because he was that loose! He was so happy. The phone thing did happen, but she was so quiet, it wasn't disruptive. The music isn't great, but it didn't hinder my relaxation. We did make an appointment, so we didn't have to wait.I really can't wait to go back.
5	Rex and his gang are the best. I like my massages hard and they deliver. Very polite staff. I used yo go to fifferent foot spas now its just this one, some of the workers from the other places work here now. 90 minute massages are the perfect time to get. Rates are super reasonable. They can get bz futing the weekends so an appointment is good to make before going.
5	After contemplating whether or not I should give this spa a try, I finally did.  I was very reluctant to try the many foot spas we have in town but this one took me by surprise.  Upon arrival you're immediately greeted by the friendly staff.  You're then escorted to your massage bed and offered hot green tea.  They have semi private rooms available.I don't know how to spell the therapist's name but I think it's Yalaine?  She was very attentive to my aches and pains.  The pressure was great!  She kept checking on me to make sure everything was going well.  Thanks Yelp for leading me to this hidden gem!
5	We were hanging out at Tea Station with my friend from San Diego wondering what to do next. It was close to midnight when I came up with the idea of going to  Best Foot Spa. She looked at me like I was crazy but I insisted that we go cause she looked like she could use a good foot massage.I didn't think they were going to take us in because it looked  like they were going to be closing. They happily took all three of us to the back for our hour massages. It  was funny to see my friend's reaction because she goes to one in San Diego but never this late. When you go late the room is dim and calm. My friend said, " I  feel like I should be doing something naughty in here". She always cracks jokes lol. We sat down and had a choice of water or tea to drink. I chose water as my feet were being soaked in tea. Then while our feet were soaking we sat on an ottoman where  they start working on our back and shoulders. We sat  back into the chair as our scalps were being massaged. My scalp massage was much better this time because my masseuse didn't have long nails. It kind of felt like my head was being peeled like an orange but in a good way. Then they started to massage our legs and feet . When you think it's over you then get your back worked on again. The massage ends with karate chop motions on your back but you feel great after!  My friend said this was much better than the one she goes to in San Diego. Don't forget to mention Yelp for your discount!
5	Best Foot Spa really is the BEST FOOT SPA in VEGAS!And Get your mind out of the gutter, this ain't "THAT" kinda foot spa!After so many 5-star 100% positive reviews, I was itching for a massage. All the tension in my neck and back became so much more apparent and I was counting the seconds till I had a day off. I haven't had a massage in a year!MASSAGE: They hit all areas of the body. Start with the shoulders, move to the head & scalp, and arms while your feet are soaking. Then off to the legs & feet. You'll flip over face down and then they'll go to town on the reverse side--neck, back, legs, the whole nine-yards. I had Song Lee (sp?) and boy did he really work my aching muscles. The rest of my body prefers a medium-firm handle. But when it comes to all the knots in my neck, shoulders, and back I really need someone to relentlessly work those puppies out. And he didn't disappoint!OUCH: Not gonna lie, he de-knotted every muscle in my back. In the following days, the skin there is still a tad tender. But no pain, no gain. All that tension back there is gone. One thing though, the towels are kind've rough. They really need to use more fabric softener or fluffier towels. When he's using that much muscle, the towel tends to rub my sensitive skin--and not in a good way. CLOTHING: You'll be fully clothed. For women, I recommend wearing some type of tank top and lounging pants of a thin cotton material. The pants should be able to roll up to your knees so they can work on your feet and legs. Also, when you're covered by towels and being rubbed down, it can get a little hot. You're not taking your clothes off so wear lightweight breathable materials. CUSTOMER SERVICE: Song Lee chimed in to make sure my comfort level was ok. I was uncomfortable during all the digging into my back but I knew I needed it--I didn't want him to let up! Next time, I'll probably ask for more neck/shoulders a little less foot. But I can't stress enough how polite and respectful he was. Rex checked me out and again, what a kind and polite person. PRICES: Mention Yelp, and you'll get a 10% discount.               $34 = 60 mins (Org $38) ---I did this. Paid Credit Card. Tipped $10 cash.                $43 = 75 mins (Org $48)               $52 = 90 mins (Org $58)After such a wonderful experience, I'll be back once a month for my monthly rub-down.Don't forget to RATE & FOLLOW! ;)
5	by far the best massage i ve ever received in the states.  the entire experience is pleasant and enjoyable.  i would recommend going in at off hours such as 3-6pm.  and also try to book a room instead of the seats in the hallway unless u don't mind the noise and traffic while getting ur massage.  my bf and i were so pleased with everything that we went back 3 days in a row for 1.5 hr sessions.  Rex is really good with back and feet.  i highly recommend this place.  don't forget to mention yelp to get your 10% discount.
5	Great massage and very reasonably priced. Ask for Sunny. He didn't speak much English but not really necessary anyways. He gave me a bully beatdown and I loved every minute of it. This guy is no joke. This isn't  one of those prissy zen like places where they try and find your chakra and say namaste every five seconds. It's a meat and potatoes lets get down to business joint. Sunny twisted me in to a knot for 1 hour and I walked out a very dazed and happy man. Highly recommended!! I will be going back very soon once I have the courage..Ha Ha
3	Overall the experience was positive. I did feel at times like my hair was being scrapped off my head with the rough finger technique my male massuses was using. It was probably the deepest, deep tissue massage I've ever had. I mentioned a few times to ease up a bit but there were still times when it was a bit uncomfortable. Decent value and kind service. I will give them another shot this weekend when I visit with my girlfriend.
5	All the reviews about how good it is here are all true.  Me and my finace made an appointment for a 1 hour massage and requested for the private room.  My masseuse was Rex and he just wiped out all the aches and pains from my body.  It is by far the best massage spa I've ever gone to.  I am a devoted client from now on.  You will literally get a head to toe massage here.  When they say 1 hour massage, you will get your full 1 hour without 10 minutes deduction for prep time like other spas out there. You will walk away feeling pampered and spoiled.   I'll definitely be back :)
2	I was in town for a trade show and after walking the show floor for 10 hrs my feet were aching. I googled Vegas foot massage and found "best foot spa" with several 5 star reviews so I decided to give it a try..the massage was one of the worst I have ever had.  I did not complain about the massage. I let the guy finish and went to the counter to pay. My total was $43 and I gave the guy a $50 and started out the door  when he made the comment "just $7 huh"  insinuating that the tip wasn't large enough. I was standing out front waiting on a cab when a guy that I assume was the owner came out and introduced himself as Rex and asked me how I liked the massage. He seemed very concerned so I gave him my opinion. He apologized and told me next time I come to ask for him and he would personally do my massage, however I only travel here once every 5 years or so. I do appreciate Rex offering to do that but he should have made sure I got a decent massage the first time.
4	Thank you fellow yelpers this place is the bomb! Why is it called foot spa when they offer so much more? Anyway had the 90min heavenly massage. Try it whenever you are in town. Very soothing....
5	Excellent full body massage. Ask for Rex, Sonny or Michael. Amazing. An hour is more than enough. They don't speak English but verbal communication is not necessary. The best happy ending massage in my experience. I have been to Ceasars, Wynn, Mandalay Bay, Aria & Bellagio for massages and this is by far the best. And what even better it only cost $34.00. So what makes me even more happier I can come back 10 times while I am vacationing in Vegas than 1 visit to the resort spas. Amazing & blissful experience, I could feel the chi following through my body. Amazing.
5	Wow, what a great place! The cleanliness was fantastic, compared to some similar establishments I have been to here in Vegas. Staff was courteous and we were offered water and tea, which BTW was brewed on premises with beneficial ingredients for the liver and kidneys. The chairs were comfortable, the lighting nice and dim, one of my HUGE pet peeves. A foot soak and full body massage completed the experience. I would highly recommend them and mention Yelp to get the 1 hour for $34. I am a fan!
1	WOW!!! what a disappointment! I was so excited to visit BFS --- i work 6 jobs... double and triple days... so my body really needed this massage.Came last night at 11pm to do an hr session. With my schedule 11pm yesterday was the only time that worked best for me.I was hoping for a women but a man walked in my semi private room...everything started out great...he start on my head... worked his way to my arms... then to my feet and legs...I didn't know what to expect so I let him do his job...This is where things started bad... he worked his way up my thighs then his hands slipped under my panties...At first I thought it was a mistake... then he opened up the inner part of my legs and stuck his hand in 2 more times! I closed my legs upset... then he threw the towel back over my legs and went back to my feet.He was rough the whole time! At the end of my massage... he pressed his fingers deep into the top of my spine pressing hard and deep into my bones... so hard and long that I woke up with my back feeling bruised!I gave them $40 and they didn't want to give me any change since they were already done counting their money for the day. After my bad experience I didn't want to leave a tip... but everyone was in the front lobby giving me the creepiest looks so I didn't want to complain. It was such an uncomfortable feeling/experience.I'll never go back!Best Foot Spa! shame on you!
5	This review is dedicated to Thomas O. (2 of 5- high five!):I used to go to foot massages every week when I lived in Houston, and on my travels, I look for foot massage places to continue my fix. I have been to foot massage places in Hong Kong, Vietnam, Vancouver, San Fran, you name it. Vegas would be no exception. If you have been to Chinatown in Vegas, you will see that foot massage places are a dime a dozen-- present along every corner, in every strip mall. I had a really hard time trying to pick one to go to, especially since I was taking a friend and his wife (they are foot spa virgins); I did not want to disappoint their first experience. What a better way to start than with Best Foot Spa? I mean, it's self proclaimed in the name! Luckily, I also relied on my trusty Vegas Yelp reviewers. We arrived to a calm space, and they escorted us into our own private room of 3 lazy boy style chairs. The progression is typical of what the other reviewers have described, starting at the head, then feet, then finishing with the body, though I am sure each experience varies slightly with each therapist. What a great way to unwind after being on the plane! My friends thoroughly enjoyed their first foot massage, in fact, we went back the next day, and increased the time to 1.5 hours. Don't forget to mention Yelp to get the discount!
2	After reading the reviews on Yelp I decided to give this place a try, especially for the price.  My first impression walking in was good the place was very nice, clean and quiet.  The lady came in to start the massage I specifically asked her to work on my neck and back cause I had most of my pain there she smiled, nodded and said ok went on with her massage everywhere but the places I asked her.  I started getting frustrated by this time I was 40 minutes into the one hour massage and had asked her 4 times when she finally got to my back she shoved her forearm in my back a few times, pounded my back and said "Ok you finish."  She stormed out and didn't even bother putting the seat back to the up position for me to get up, long story short I left with the same exact pain in my back and neck that I walked in with.  The lady asked me how everything was when I went to pay I told it wasn't good and that I still had pain in my back and neck she had this confused look on her face then asked me if I wanted a VIP card thats when I knew it was a waste of my time to say anything else I told her no and walked out.  I don't recommend anyone go to this place if you looking for a good massage theres many foot reflexology places around that are the same price.
5	I love the Best Foot Spa! How did I not know of this place? You receive a full body massage not just a foot massage. You start with a nice foot soak in hot tea I think then receive a head to toe massage( you can ask them to concentrate on specific areas) I like them to spend extra time on my feet :) there is nice soothing soft music playing in the background and every so often they ask if the pressure is right for you.. Don't be afraid to ask for a stronger or softer hand ( they are really strong!) don't forget to check in on Yelp for your 10%discount! 34 dollars for an hour after the discount.  34 plus 10 dollar tip.. Amazing value ,so worth it and my body and feet thank them very much! I expect to be a regular here probably at least twice a month! Ask for Rex .. He's great!
5	After falling in love with foot spas in California last month, I was thrilled to find this a major trend in Vegas.  Here on business regularly, I wanted to find the best.  Truly think this is it.  Sonny at Best Foot Spa was great.  I have back problems and he understood English and was light with the touch on my back.  The rest of the hour was simply divine and typical of a Chinese foot spa massage.  I'll be back every trip.
5	Great massage with sense of care.  Location is a bit far from the strip but it's all worth it.  My therapist Rex has been great.  My bf said coco gave him a nice n strong massage too.  I would recommend these two the most.  It's simple n clean but it could get a little noisy when it gets busy at nights... So I prefer to go in the afternoons.
5	So after a long hiatus, I'm reminded why I need to come to this magical place at least once a month. Eileen worked her skills in the notches, pressure points and knots of my body that I needed relieving after going (excuse my language) balls-to-walls for my birthday week. Don't forget to give a shout out to Yelp and they'll give you 10% off.
5	The gentleman that helped me was the manager there. He was very happy to honor the Yelp deal, $34 for an hour massage. It was a relief to find this place with so many around here that charge as if they give happy endings...I think they do, and I didn't need one. I was fully clothed for the massage, other than my socks and shoes. He didn't charge me extra for deep tissue work, so I tipped him well. This is a very clean and up to quality standards sort of place with nothing seedy about it. I feel much better now, the massage and foot reflexology was wonderful. I recommend this place very highly. There wasn't an issue with my therapist being male at all, it was nothing like that. Him being male was as significant as my manicure person being male...not at all and not an issue. Just my take. :)
5	Very good massage by Rex n coco.  Nice atmosphere.. But it could get noisy in the evenings when it gets busy.  Good service n clean environment.  Highly recommended!!!
4	We re in Vegas again n we re just hooked on the magic hands of Rex n coco.I d recommend making appts with these two.  This was my initial review when we were here in feb 2012. by far the best massage i ve ever received in the states. the entire experience is pleasant and enjoyable. i would recommend going in at off hours such as 3-6pm. and also try to book a room instead of the seats in the hallway unless u don't mind the noise and traffic while getting ur massage. my bf and i were so pleased with everything that we went back 3 days in a row for 1.5 hr sessions. Rex is really good with back and feet. i highly recommend this place. don't forget to mention yelp to get your 10% discount.
5	The best body massage I've ever received.  They don't only offer foot spas as the name implies.  And for $34/hour (mention YELP before you pay), you can't beat the price.  First, you are seated and presented with your choice of tea or water.  If you don't have a preference, they do your neck, shoulders, scalp, arms, legs, and finally, your back.  However, you can tell them to focus on any area if you wish.  The neck can be a little rough and the scalp is not really my cup of tea, so I generally stick to the arms, legs, and back.  They use plenty of lotion/oils, apply a LOT of pressure if you wish, and definitely don't skimp on the time... At both of my visits, I think they went 5 minutes over because they want to make sure you're satisfied with the experience.  I left like a 35% tip because I was so happy with my experience! No wonder they have 4.5 stars!!The only minus is that it's in a random strip mall and at least 10 minutes away from the strip... they should make a closer location to the main tourist attractions.Make an appointment with Lee (the owner, I think) and you won't be disappointed!  I've been there twice and can't wait to go back the next time I'm in Vegas!
4	Yelp helped me find this place and didn't disappoint!  I was unsure if should schedule with the recommended masseurs/masseuses, so I took a gamble and just went with first available... It was amazing!  It actually felt like a deep tissue massage, not someone rubbing lotion on me (some bad experiences in the past).  Massages are conducted in separate rooms w/a curtain as the door, so it feels private but not shady.  They were very professional.  As soon as I left, 4 more people were walking in.  Very popular and for good reason.The credit card machine wasn't working when I went, but I luckily had cash.  They were very apologetic and gave me a VIP card: 10% each visit!  (Maybe they give that to everyone? Oh well, I was happy)
5	Wow! Is all I can say, these little Asian gals rock!  (I can say that because I'm half Chinese).  He he. Seriously, I'm a freak about massages and LOVE to get them whenever I have the $$.  Was skeptical at first because of the value, you immediately  think, whats the catch?  This place is clean as a whistle (the bathroom was immaculately clean) and very relaxing what with the soft spa music, water fountain and lighting.  The gals are strong and gave us firm massages, not wimpy ones which annoy me. The BF and I booked it after Yelping and read all the reviews. I recommend that you wear a two piece bathing suit ladies, and men should wear board shorts/swimsuit and a t shirt as well.    I wish they had told me to dress differently because it isn't like a regular massage table. They massage you in reclining chairs and the massage area is not completely private so you are clothed. I absolutely would go back over and over again.  Awesome!!  Enjoy!
5	Oh my good grief.  I was just hurt so good that I wanted to smack my mama.  Ok, in all seriousness, I would have to rank my massage with Bowen in my top three of all time.  Now I'm no connoisseur of massages, but I've had my fair share to quantify a d@mn good one and I think I just got one.  Maybe it was the right timing, maybe it was because I really needed one, and/or maybe it was because my feet were hurting.  BUT this was so much more than just a foot massage.  When you check in to yelp, you get 1 hour for $34...and that's a one hour face, scalp, neck, back, legs, arms, feet, and ears.  Yes, ears...at first it was kinda' weird having a man's fingers in my ears, but good grief, get over the weirdness and it felt great.  And this was no timid massage - this was a definite deep tissue massage that left me relaxed.  So relaxed, I hit my head on the door on the way out LOL   The lotion they used reminded me of Bath and Body's Plumeria (yes, I'm a smell person) and I would have bathed in it if it wouldn't have seemed awkward.I have read reviews where there are phone calls and noise and I have to say there was no noise, barely any whispers if at all.  Low relaxing music playing.  I may have started snoring if it weren't for me going ouch, oh wait, no, that feels good keep going (in my head, not out loud).  Bowen's phone did go off once toward the end, but he immediately silenced it.  I can forgive that b/c who hasn't left their phone on - what I wouldn't have forgiven is if he answered and he definitely did not.  He was very patient, very good, and I'll definitely be going back.
4	I've been to several Asian foot spas in Las Vegas and this is the cleanest place I've been to so far. Very professional and attentive.  I loved the smell of roses when I first walked into the door and the music was perfectly Zen! The ladies were kind and gracious and the price was right . I told them about Yelp and they charged me $52, can't beat that for a foot and body massage for an hour and a half!
4	I mentioned Yelp and got my 60 minute full body massage for $34. It was a deep full body massage. I have a really bad back and although her technique was not the most skilled her ability to hit the spot was. I always wondered if a deep elbow massage would get the kinks out and I would have to say it did the job. I really appreciated that this was a straight forward massage with tea and a foot soak. The only complaint I would have is getting a massage fully clothed is not that great. It tends to pull on the skin a bit too much for my liking. I guess you could say it is the opposite extreme then what you have heard from the not so reputable establishments. I give it a thumbs up!
4	Well worth the price. It was one hour of pure relaxation. I went in with a severe neck ache, courtesy of my job. Left without any neck pain.   Everyone was very nice. Clean facility. So quiet. My husband and I had the private room, which to me was a bonus. We cannot wait to go back.
5	Hands down the best foot massage I've ever had and the shoulder and back massage was awesome too. Now this place ain't one of those casino style spa's where they lightly rub you, they get busy and use lots of pressure to work out the knots ... They worked on me and my girlfriend at the same time which was cool, we got the 90 minute yelp special for $52 and it was well worth it..REX AND EVA worked on us, Rex don't f... Around he knows what he's doing, he's a professional. The facility was super clean down too the crapper which is always a plus..my feet feel so amazing right now and my toes feel so relaxed its weird....I'll be back best BELIVE !!!!!
5	I was always a bit frightened to go into a oriental massage place. I didn't know what to expect and thanks to yelp I have found a true treasure. I can never relax when I have to take my clothes off for massage so I really enjoyed keeping everything on. The massage started with my back and neck then went to my head and arms and then to my feet and legs. After that I laid face down and he finished with my back. It was amazing and I got 75 minutes for $43. It was a great value and was the best massage I ever had!
1	I'm not sure how this place got such a good rating, because I have to rate this place as the worst experience ever!  First off, I called and made an appointment.  The owner answered and said yes to the time for us to come in and never took down any information.  That made me worry, but we went ahead and arrived on time.  We then sit down in the chairs in the front, which are lined up to have your backs facing the aisle.  You can basically hear everything that occurs at the checkout desk and get to watch television with a Chinese station on.  We asked for a back room, but they said it was full.  A lady had assisted us, so my husband thought he would have a woman at least for the massage.  Two other girls sat down next to us and also asked for the back room.  By then our feet were already soaking and the girls were told they could wait for the back.  So, we arrive before them, but were never asked if we wanted to wait.  My husband insisted we leave and look for another place, but I said let's give it a shot.  His worry was that he would not get a female and of course, he did not.They start our massages, both male and no lick of English.  As I'm getting my head massaged, the guy's phone goes off and he starts talking on the phone in my ear.  Meanwhile, people are walking up and down the aisles behind us, which makes me very uncomfortable.  It makes me uncomfortable to be placed in a vulnerable situation to have people at the top of my head where I can't see them.  I would say this is far from being Feng Shui!  The girls next to us decide to wait in the massage chairs and not the front couch area, so I had to hear them talking the entire time.  Finally about 30 minutes in, I tell the guy to stop.  My husband and I can't relax; we're irritated, and want to leave.  The owner comes over and says to stay and that we are 36 minutes into the massage.  Basically telling us we passed the 30 minute mark for services and need to stay for 45 minutes.  I'm like, "OK., whatever.  Hurry and finish!"  We check out and the owner says that we can't get the Yelp discount because it was not 60-minutes, but he'll give us a discount anyways.  Really?  That is your response to the horrible service we just got?  I would never, ever come back to this place.  I understand it's not a formal massage parlor and have been to other foot spas, but hands down it was the worst experience.  I'd give them zero stars if I had the option.  I'm glad everyone else that rated this place enjoyed it...but we sure as heck did not!  Be warned.  Make sure you are clear when you make your appointment exactly what you want and hold them to it.
1	oh my God it was terrible, never again.  I hurt so bad.  The person I got a male, spoke no english.  I kept telling me to  go easy too hard, too hard. I don't think he understood a word i said.    It hurts so bad I can bearly walk.  Use your money for a regular massage someplace.  I would never go back or recommend it.  Unless you get someone who speaks english.
4	Speaking as an Asian, Asian massage parlors in Las Vegas scare the crap out of me.  I cringe mid-massage when I hear a man come in and ask if "special services" are available, and I'm always nervous that the box of tissues sitting next to my massage chair are for something other than wiping a runny nose.All that said, Best Foot Spa is totally legit.  Just don't bring your high-maintenance or xenophobic attitude.  $34/hr isn't buying you a luxury escape with complimentary glasses of cucumber water (but you do get tea and Jolly Ranchers!)  Expect a language barrier with some therapists, and--as some Yelpers have already complained about--the smell of cigarette smoke on others.  Dividing walls and curtains only offer a semi-private environment, so you'll occasionally hear other customers gabbing (or groaning with delight.) Other times your therapist will have to take a call or run to the front area to handle customers (they profusely apologize and make up for any lost time when they return.)  Don't get me wrong--I can see how this would bother some folks. But given the awesome quality of the massages, I consider these minor inconveniences.If you have any issues with communication, ask for Rex, the manager.  His English is decent and he can try to translate your concerns to your therapist.  He's also the best masseuse I've ever had--and that's counting all of my experiences at spas at home (NYC) and on the Strip.  He'll focus on any problem areas, and he checks in regular intervals to see if the pressure is okay. Plus he's the only guy in town who can knead my ass cheeks without giving off a creepy vibe. If he's booked, you could ask for Coco (who my boyfriend enthusiastically endorses) and Sonny (who did a kick ass job filling in for Rex on my last trip.)There hasn't been one visit where I haven't overtipped.  The massages are just so affordable, leaving 20% on $34 makes me feel like a stiff. But even at $50 for the hour, the value is sick.If you want the royal treatment, go blow your wad on the Strip. But if you're on a budget and can handle a no-frills joint, this is the best place in town.
5	They are really great at massaging your feet!  Of course they dont only massage your feet but I've never had anyone massage my feet like that!  Walking on heals all the time, it was much appreciated.  I came with my guy and we got our own private corridor.  After I paid for our massage where I used the yelp discount, he gave me a VIP card that gives me the same yelp deal all the time.  We yelped before we went for a massage and found that this place is the best deal for the longest massage time.  Great massage, great price, great service!
4	My husband and I have been here twice and both times have been pleasant.  There are days when we just want to get a full body massage for cheap and this is the place.  I can't remember off the top of my head, but I think it is $30 pp/hr...which is really good.  We found this place through Yelp and saw all the good reviews.  And the location is perfect for us since we live in Spring Valley...a lot easier than driving to China Town.  The last time we were here; the place was BUSY.  It looked like there was a bachelorette/ bridal party that was getting pampered and a group of out of town people.  They were able to seat us at one of their closed off rooms; and did not have to wait long.  We were really suprised at how many people were there and the workers.  They were able to call people from home to help them.  That was nice.  We will definitely be coming back.
5	I came from out of town to vegas for three months I went here every 2weeks. I have to stand for 12hrs in my line of work so when i need fixing I go here. I chose EVA because shes just a darling. Her technique is spot on and i always feels balanced when she is done. Please dont hesitate about going here you wont regret it. $38/hr you cant beat that anywhere.
5	Long Story Short:  Sore neck, back, calves, and arms all cured last night!!My first visit was last night.  I lost my usual monthly masseuse about a month ago and needed to find a new place.  So naturally, I'm going to Yelp to see what everyone suggests out there.  And, here we are. -Price:  You get a 10% discount if you check in through Yelp, but even without the discount the prices are really cheap.  $38 regular price for an hour. I almost felt that I was ripping them off. -Value:  You usually get what you pay for. Here, you definitely get 4 times more than what you pay for.  My regular massage was $20 more and was from someone I know personally. -Ambiance: This is where you get mixed reviews.  First of all, like most Yelpers stated already, massage with ALL your clothes on.  I've done naked, half naked, and underwear only.  No need to be naked, you get the massage without feeling too uncomfortable.  You are asked if you have specific preferences, male, or female.  I could have easily taken other Yelpers suggestions, but wanted to figure it out myself.  You are also getting a massage in either their big rooms full of other people or their semi private rooms.  Regardless which room you get your massage, you will hear other people's conversations and moaning.  And from me, snoring. -Massage:  This is the highlight and it should be.  One of the best massages that I've ever gotten with your clothes on.  An hour massage includes your face, head, neck, arms, hands, back, calves down, upper pecs, and of course your feet. Not too fond of foot massages from anyone, but their neck and back is the best.  These guys are strong too and will work your back like no other. Overall:English is not their first language so be patient. If there's a specific spot you needed them to work or work longer in, then let them know.  If there are places you don't like to be massaged, then let them know.  If they do not understand you, they'll call someone to translate.  I will definitely be back at least once a month.  When friends and family come out, I will probably treat them to Best Foot Spa.
5	My first review of this place was a 1,  but after being contacted by the owner i went back.  I got the manager lee to give me a massage.  His massage was great.  He didn't go hard.  He listened and kept asking me how it was.  i would give it a ten
5	How can you come to Vegas and NOT get a massage?  For those that have a car, you HAVE to come here!  It is so inexpensive and they not only come here to give you a foot massage, they give you a full body massage while you're fully clothed!
5	Can't go wrong for $38 for 1 hr. I have been going here weekly for almost two years now. All the staff are super duper nice and professional. Yes, they pick up their phones in the middle of massage but they're so good I don't care!
5	My girlfriends and I loved this place. The staff was very friendly, and the massages were awesome. Wonderful price too.  I'd definitely stop by this place when I'm in Vegas again.
5	This is by far the best massage experiance (for the money) I have found after 25 of years in Las Vegas. Thank you Yelp! After reading the reviews, I decided to check it out  and was not only given a great massage, but when I checked in on my Yelp app, I was sent a text offering me a 42% discount! I had a 90 minute full body massage, fully clothed with only needing to remove y socks and shoes for a nice warm foot soak while two different therapist worked over my aching body. I will be a regular patron and highley recommend for those on a budget that may need a little holiday stress relief
5	Best! amazing massage... so worth it... ur not in a fancy day spa so dont expect robes and all come on for 38 dollars? this way worth it!!
5	Feeling a wreck and need someone to fix you up quick?  Get to Best Foot Spa ASAP!  I have been there three times and all three visits have been absolutely fabulous.  Rex's reflexology work is phenomenal!  I must say - I've been to nearly every spa on the strip and there is no comparison.  If I had to pick between a visit to Best Foot Spa or somewhere else - Best Foot Spa would win every single time.  They are currently running a special - $22 for 60 minutes and $28 for $75 minutes.  Happy Happy New Year indeed!
5	I have enjoyed this place 3 times now, and I don't plan on stopping anytime soon! I kept seeing this mentioned on yelp so finally when my long time go-to spa closed, I decided to give it a try. I can't say that I don't still enjoy having a service at a high end spa, but I can say that I can get 5 service here for the price of that 1! The masseuses here are no joke when it comes to pressure, but are quick to ask you if you're okay with it. The semiprivate rooms don't bother me at all, since all of your clothes remain on. I've had three different  For Christmas they had a special $34 for 90 minutes!!! Talk about a steal! This place never disappoints!!
1	I walked in with a sore back and legs, walked out with a huge headache and even more sore back and legs.!I'm going to start this review by the main reason why I only gave them a two stars review. Worse experience ever! When our massage was completed, we charged the massage on our credit cards and I was preparing tip money in cash for our two masseuses.. Upon that time, one of the lady, perhaps the owner  saw that I had only pulled out a $5 bill, she screamed out loud in Chinese, "Only $5 for tip!!!" I looked at her and rolled my eyes and regret I didn't say anything! I was in so much pain, I just wanted to get out of there.I wanted to give Coco who worked on my sister $10 tip, and for the guy who worked on me $5 because I was nice enough to tip on such a horrendous massage!  Instead, I gave $10 each but walked out of there mad as hell! I wished I was more braver to say something back and I don't know what got over me to even tip more! Maybe I just really felt bad for the guy. After days of walking and walking from casinos to casinos, my sister and I are exhausted! What was needed was a good massage! Found this place by it's high ratings and by Yelp's recommendations. Called in and book an appointment at 10pm with Coco and Rex. Upon our arrival, they took us into a little sectioned out room with two massage chairs. My sister took Coco, and instead of having Rex, they said he had another appointment and swore to me another guy was as good as Rex and they told me not to worry. That was the worst massage I'd ever had!! The entire hour was miserable. I wanted to get up in the middle of the massage because it was so bad, but I felt bad because he was a nice guy and I he was new. First, he was confused to either have me sit up first or lay on my face first. Coco that was next to us was directing him what to do. He wasn't well trained and didn't really knew where the body pressure points were. He hurt me by massaging too hard on my bone, His massage techniques was just pushing and pinching. He had long nails so every time he used his fingers to massage me, his fingernails pinched my skin. I was so uncomfortable. I didn't get his name, but he was short and chubby, in his early forties, and didn't speak much English.P.s.~ My sister said Coco's massage was only just OK. Three stars OK.So this experience had FAILED! ... will never be back again!
5	They are the Best foot spa in town! I have been to a lot, but these guys are very kind and I always get someone strong. It is a plus that it is cheaper than most places too.
3	Eh. It's OK... He kept asking me if I was alright every five ten minutes which was annoying. He smelled like cigarettes especially his hand and I could smell it even more when he was rubbing my neck and shoulders. The massage was just OK, very routine. A good masseuse would feel where the knots are and work them. I would give them two stars but they were friendly.
5	Hands down the best experience I've ever had. They greet you and seat you and offer you tea. Once you pick an option off of their menu they bring in a foot soak. While your feet are soaking you receive the most thorough head, neck, shoulder, leg, foot and then back massage. It was fantastic. They were very professional and the establishment was surprisingly clean. I'll definitely be back!!
5	This place definitely lives up to its name! The masseuse had perfect pressure and really worked out the knots.We got a 75 minute massage for $38.
3	Not bad.. cheapy n quite .
5	I usually go to China town and am disappointed. Thanks Yelpers for turning me onto this Best Foot Spa! I loved it. Coco was genital but firm and efficient. The place was clean and the chairs were comfy. The Yelp discount makes it a steal. I will be a regular here!
5	I visit this place once a week. Here are a few things to consider:This is an Eastern-style massage place, so you keep your clothes on, and reflexology is included. This isn't the lotioned, deep-tissue rubdown you get at an American-style massage place.Your best bet is to get the "F" package on the menu. It includes 45 minutes of head, neck, and back massage, and 30minutes of foot/leg rub and reflexology. It's only 38$  for the hour and fifteen minute massage. This is perfect for anyone who stand on their feet all day, I wait tables, and my feet and lower back often hurt. I always leave here feeling amazing!
5	Great foot massages, great prices ($22 per hour).  We went as a group of four and the vote was unanimous.  One of our party actually said that "she saw God" during her massage with Tony.It doesn't get any better than this!
5	$22 For a relaxing hour!  We went twice last month and will likely return.  I've been to a couple other Foot Spa's in the valley and Best Foot is on par with, or better than the rest!
3	I was hesitant to return after my first experience, but my fellow Yelpers love this place and I was in need of some relaxation and it is near my house, so I decided to give it another try. I think part of my negative experience the first time, was that I didn't know what to expect and hadn't been to a place like this before. Second time around I was more relaxed. I don't know if I like that the TV was on because I was tempted to open my eyes and watch the news and news is NOT relaxing. I still am not a 4 or 5 star fan. One reason is that it is WAY too bright in there to really relax. I know the employees have to be able to see to work and other customers need to be able to be able to see when coming/going. I will return because of the proximity to my house and the great deal... $22 for an hour long massage-head, neck, feet, leg, back. Can't beat that.
5	I've had less than 10 proper massages in my life.  That number will likely go up by a lot now that they're charging the ridiculously low rate of $22 an hour.  Wild!!  That's almost Thailand cheap!  Not really but still damn cheap!  I've always wanted one of those crazy Japanese massage chairs but I can live with this rate.  I had the same masseuse both times (I didn't catch her name) and tough love was the best description of my experience.  John Mellencamp's "Hurts So Good" isn't the ideal song to have stuck in your head at a spa but there's no denying it!  I felt sorry for the other patrons for my laughing during the foot massage part.  Nothing I can do.  One thing that's undeniable are the results.  I feel great after leaving there.  Those first few steps out into the parking lot and breathing in fresh air is awesome.  Some tips:- Arrive wearing shorts, t-shirt and flip flops if possible.  I showed up in jeans and a dress shirt the first time because I had somewhere to be after but it was WAY more comfortable the second go around.  - The makeshift rooms in the back are better than the front room.  It's more dimly lit and less noisy so I would request that.  - It's better to call and make an appointment.
5	I have been here a number of times since my first review and it's better than ever. The service is always very attentive and they always seem to recognize me when I come despite not having come here often enough to consider myself a regular. On top of all that, the price can't be beat. $22 for an hour long massage is out of this world and I'll definitely be coming here more often to take advantage of it. Even my fella, who wasn't a fan the first time he came finally found someone that was a little gentler to massage him and he enjoyed it quite a bit as well.I would be curious to know what types of lotions and oils they use since they always leave my skin feeling clean and smooth without feeling too oily or sticky.
5	First time, I was not a fan. I was bruised and battered and never wanted to come back. For $22, I had to check them out again. Great deal and I just made sure to the girl know I like it a little gentler. Great massage, I'll be a regular now.
5	I love this place. I go to see Rex he's great. Sucks to have a language barrier but other than that amazing, ESP for the price.
1	Today i went to this place after reviewing yelp. I expected a lot because of good review. Unfortunately, it did not work on me at all. I waited 20 minutes and then a guy got into my room and started massage. After 10 minutes, he tried not to do his best. It seemed that he was too tired of giving massage to his customer. I was getting bad feeling because of his attitude.Finally, I got very mad at him and did not leave him a tip. This was worst massage that I ever had.Please be lucky guys.
2	OK, maybe I should have went with a regular to this place- because I'm not sure that I get it.I made a reservation for 2 people at 7:30pm on Thursday night.We get there and get sent back to a two person room.  They ask us what we would like.  So I said the 75 minute massage for $36.  No problem!They bring out some water to drink and a bucket of warm water to soak your feet.  They then lean back the chair and give you a neck massage and a scalp massage.  The scalp massage was more of a hard rubbing then a gentle hands on your head massage.Then they go to your feet.  This was nothing like I was expecting.  Instead of a foot rub it was a pounding on your feet.  Not sure if it was supposed to be "reflexology" but it wasn't and truthfully- I wasn't expecting reflexology.  Instead, I was expecting a foot rub.  But its more of a im-going-to-rub-my-knuckles-as-hard-as-I-can-and-as-fast-as-I-can-against-your-feet kind of "massage".  I didn't hate it.  But based on ALL of the reviews, I definitely didn't expect this.  To be honest- I think I need to go to a real spa and get a foot rub as my feet don't feel like "new".  They don't hurt, but they don't feel like they were massaged.After the foot pounding, they pound on the bottom of your feet and legs and ask you to turn over to do your back.  They rub your back, arms, legs, butt and scratch your head some more.Could you fall asleep during this?  Hell no.  Was it OK- sure.However, when they got done- it was only 60 minutes, not the 75 minutes I was expecting and they still charged us $36.Also in NONE OF THE REVIEWS THAT I READ does it say "CASH CASH CASH!!!"  There were 3 people in front of me and she was hounding them for cash.  I then get to the counter and the lady says "cash?" and I say "oh no, do you take credit card?" and she says "yes, but we like cash."  Um, me too!  And the lady that gave us the massages are all standing right next to me and she says "how much tip?" and I plug it into her calculator and she rings it up.  Maybe its a cultural thing?I'm disappointed that they charged us $36 and it was only one hour.  However, I wasn't going to argue, I kinda just wanted to leave.I brought my mom from out of town and she hated it.  I asked if she would ever go back "never".Would I?  Maybe.  I think I would rather pay $200 and go to a spa and get the full experience rather than this one.
5	Finally, I got to try this most raved about Foot Spa here in Las Vegas...sure lived up to its hype! I walked in and asked if I can request for Rex.  Lucky me, he was available so I got to witness the awesome massage executed by the legendary man himself.  He was very considerate, and ask if I was ok with the pressure.  I loved every minute of the massage.  I was sore the next day, but a good sore.  I tend to put my body through strenuous exercise throughout the week, so I enjoy having a deep tissue/trigger point type of massage.If only Best Foot Spa was closer to my home, I would visit it weekly.  And yes, the cost  for an hour is a whopping $22...AWESOME!
5	Best massage for the $$ that I've ever had! My brother told me about this place (he's a connoisseur of massage places) and he was SO right... This place is a must if you're visiting or in LV!
4	Man..saved me a few nights after the gym and a week full of studying. What a deal! $21 for a 1 hour full body. They soak your feet in hot water (which was awesome when it was cold out). They also put a hot towel on your forehead. They also offer you tea or water as well. Refreshing. They know what points to hit. They always check to make sure you are feeling ok. They are very careful and gentle with you. They do your head ears, hands, arm, face, feet, leg, and back. Awesoem service. I went twice in one month, and will see to it that it becomes a ritual for me.
5	I have to say I've been coming to the Best Foot Spa for over a year now and Rex is simply THE BEST IN THE CITY! (He's got a reputation with the locals, he is fantastic!)  I was reading some of the other reviews, here's my WARNING: You can not compare a swedish massage maybe from Massage Envy to a "foot massage." The two are different. I go to massage envy a handful of times every year and I don't walk out feeling like my problem areas have been worked hard enough for relief. Even if it is just temporary. I am a dealer and my upper back is constantly tight surely from my poor posture at work but Rex knows exactly here it hurts and how to give you relief. I will admit that the foot massage itself isn't a typical foot rub you might receive after a pedicure at the spa, it can be a little painful once they find the different pressure points in both of your feet, but they feel amazing afterwards. I like going to Rex because he ACTUALLY listens to me when I tell him where I am in pain and my shoulders, upper back and traps have improved dramatically and I have him to thank. I've been to 3 or 4 other Foot Massage places in the city and if a language barrier wasn't difficult enough, my masseuse usually likes to chatter in Chinese on the phone or cross the room to another co-worker, never really focusing on me (the client). I never have that problem here though! Check the place out, it is worth your time! Ask for Rex!
5	My wife and I are on vacation and decided to try Best Foot Spa. We have had foot massages from several places near home in the Bay Area (CA), but none as good as this. We chose the 75 min. foot and body Yelp special for $38, and we both thought it was a fantastic bargain. We highly recommend Andy and Tina. The massages are deep tissue, great at getting the stress out of the feet, back, arms, legs, neck, scalp, and face. I've had massages that had more pressure, but less effective at relaxing sore muscles. I judge a massage by how I feel the next day, and I still feel great. We'll be back on our next visit to Las Vegas!
4	They are good at what they do. And it really depends on who you get as well. I have had the legendary Rex before, his pressure is amazing if you like hard pressure. I was sore the next day. However he is a man and I could tell there were certain places where he felt uncomfortable to get too close for a girl. Which is good for people who are sensitive with things like that.Another time I had a girl, and she got on all fours on my back! It was good!!! I told her that I had hurt my back from slipping and falling a couple days ago and she went hard on my back. My back wasn't in pain anymore after she did her magic! She also massaged my butt too. Hey, everyone has a sore butt and needs a little massaging once in a while. Another time I had another woman and she walked away for like 5mins. So really, it's who you get. A little down side is yes they answer their phones, yes they whisper a lot. But come on, this isn't a "get naked and wear a silky robe and lay down in a private room massage." It's an Asian foot spa. People need to know the difference.
3	I think you get what you pay for here, $36 for 75 minutes is exceptional, and yes, our backs did feel better.
1	Yikes!  After reading all of these great reviews I really thought I was in for a treat, but boy was I hugely disappointed.First off, there was way too much time spent on my face, ears, forehead, and neck.  Like I counted over 100 strokes on one side of my neck alone and it was the same maneuver over and over that it felt like he was burning my skin.  Like sheesh!  Add some lotion man!2nd, my back was the most tense but apparently my therapist disregarded that because he only spent 5 minutes in the area I needed it the most.  3rd, as my therapist hovered over me, he burped and it smelled awful!  That pretty much ruined my entire experience.I did 1/2 enjoy the foot massage portion except again, way too much time rubbnig my big toe alone.  Weird!I found the entire experience quite awkward, and being someone who gets massages quite frequently, I wouldn't come to this place ever again.
5	it was amazing! there was no wait. i had a guy named andy and he was amazing! loved it. would go back when i'm in vegas!
1	BEST? More like the WORST! Came here before we called to ask if we could "walk in." Were notified we could / and will be taken in immediately, so we went ahead and drove here. (Was on vacation in LV) so wanted to do some local-y stuff. Thus we got there and the first thing I noticed was the cheesy decor. Also there was a NASTY smell in the room. I felt like I was inside of an old warehouse. (EW!)Second, the weird lady at the front running the joint was such a fake. There were a few people who were before us, but we were assured we would get taken in soon (as in really soon). She lied to us on the phone and then lied to us again when we got there? HOW WRONG.Fiance and I waited for approx. 25 minutes before we decided that this was not legit and was a poor way to run a business. They should have told us the truth so we would not have even wasted our time to drive there or wait. We will never be back.
5	Called to make an appointment around 8:30pm for an appointment at 11 and drove past countless foot massage parlors on our way here. We arrived at 10:50 and were waiting around until 11:20 to get in for our massage. This was the ONLY downside to our experience and they were very sympathetic.I got a young man named Tony, who was good with communication throughout my massage- he made sure the pressure was good and we all had a nice laugh at the squeaky chair he was massaging me on (sex sounds coming from my chair while my boyfriend is being messaged next to me- I couldn't help myself!). It's definitely not a complete spa experience, but look at the price point! $36 for the extra time spent on back, neck and shoulders was definitely worth the upgrade. We were very happy, and wasn't rushed out of the place even though we finished past closing time. Jason and I both decided in the car ride home that it was the best foot massage we have had (we've been to a few others) and that we would definitely be back for more but if time and planning permits, we would prefer to get "real" massages at a spa. PROS:Open late (great for people/couples that work strange shifts and late nights)Great serviceGood value massageCONS:Appointment times can't be promised
5	Good massage for cheap.
5	They took great care of us. Their services were exceptional and for reasonable price. We went as a couple and the experience was wonderful. I recommend it any time of day and any day of week!
4	I am an avid fan of this place. First visit tonight and oh boy am I feeling wonderful. If you haven't been let this place be your first experience. However, be aware if you're not a fan of pressure then don't bother. I love a little bit of abuse with my pleasure. :)
4	my hubby & i are runners and we've been wanting to find a good foot massage place to help w/ our recovery from training. saw this place and decided to give it a try. the $22 for an hour price was inviting. we walked in on a sunday (today) and were taken right back to a semi-private room that we could enjoy our sessions together. in addition to a warm water foot soak & foot lower leg massage w/ lotion, we were also pleasantly surprised to get a full body shiatsu experience. we both left smiling and promise to be back. the only thing i would mention ahead of time, it is CASH ONLY... so be prepared. feeling refreshed and invigorated. very pleased.
5	"First time in a foot massage place. This was amazing! Toby was perfect with just the right pressure. I am so relaxed! I will definitely be back."
5	best is a good name, as they are best in my book, and CHEAP!    Get over there now...
4	COCO is wonderful , There was another guy bowen that always gave me the best massages but he left back to china. I do not like how they all go to the front and wait for a tip.
4	I hurt my back last night at the gym and was referred to Best Foot Spa. The place is in a strip mall, like all of Las Vegas. I made an appointment the night before, which was unnecessary because when I arrived, they did not ask. They just led me to a massage room. Everywhere else I have had a massage has very private room. This was not the case. There was no door and the walls did not extend to the ceiling. Also, the lady assumed I wanted a foot massage and I had to tell her 3 times I wanted a back massage. (They may be called Best Food Spa but they do full body massages, not just feet.) She set up the massage table and told me to undress. I waited to see if she was going to leave the room, but she did not. Kind of odd, but then again she was about to massage my body. Nevertheless, this perplexed me. Once I laid back down, she got started. She rubbed my back and shoulders with oil and massaged very hard. She was attentive and every few minutes would ask if she was pushing too hard. I enjoyed the massage and I think my pulled muscle is feeling better.In the future, I would not hesitate to go back here. I paid $60 + tip for 60 minutes. She did not like that I wanted to pay for the massage and the tip with credit card, but I did not have cash.
5	Been here many times and I love seeing Rex or Bowin, but today they both weren't available. I'm unfortunate to say I don't recall if his name was Alex or Alan (young - mid 20s, 5'2 or 5'3 Asian man with a good built), but he was AMAZING!!!! I'm always skeptical to have new employees massage me but he was great! The massage was so relaxing and he hit all the tense spots, I love it!! :) Definitely ask for him!!!!
4	It's a little far from the strip but it was def worth the drive.  Rex is always on top of his game.  Wenna did a great job too.  $22 an hr with 10 mins on body and rest on feet$36 an hr with 30 mins on body and rest on feetWe chose the second choice.  We were both happy with our choices. Lots of parking.  Only one unisex restroom avail. Cash only. Beats paying $80+ an hr elsewhere and hope to get a pair of good hands.  I'm def sticking with Best!
5	After I had a horrible experience the previous night at "The Foot Spa", wife and I decide to try another place still.We look up Yelp and found "Best Foot Spa", their price is $22, but let me tell you, the extra $2 is TOTALLY worth it.When we walk into the place, we can totally tell this place runs a better business, the place is PACKED at 10:00pm, we waited for about 5 mins and they were ready for us. (we made appointment at 10pm)My guy is a young guy, probably in his early 20s, very skinny and pretty short, but he does a harder massage than the guy from last night.. about 10 times harder.Overall, this guy seems to be too new, he doesn't know all the pressure point very well but at least he really try to give me a good experience.Therefore, I give them 5 star.
4	My good friend decided that a massage was something that I deserved after such a hectic work week so he took me here.Price: $22 an hour?! What a steal. The only time I've ever seen a better price was in California. We did some 75 minute package that I can't for the life of me recall the price. I can't imagine it being anything outrageous though. I wasn't asked whether I preferred a  male or female masseuse since they were low on staff but that is fine, I am pretty easy going. We were placed in a semi private room with two massage chairs which was very much appreciated.One of the most relaxing massages I've received. The guy that I had was very perceptive to how much pressure I could handle. 20 minutes into the massage I fell asleep, I didn't wake up until they needed me to flip over, which was when it got a little strange for a bit. I ended up getting a butt massage which was somewhat just awkward for me but it didn't last too long thank goodness. I guess that was my fault also for not mentioning that I didn't want that.Overall:I will definitely be back. Service was great, price and value is unbelievable, and overall I am very impressed.
4	This is my go to spot after a long weekend in Vegas. I get the full body and foot massage. They don't spend too much time on my feet, WHICH I LOVE!
5	So I decided to be fair and give this place another chance. I told the lady at the front desk why I wasn't happy the first time and she said it would be different this time around and she guaranteed it! I have to be honest, it was great! She apologized for my first experience being bad and made up for it with an amazing massage. So far I've been back a three different times and it's been great.
5	I consider myself to be a connoisseur of Asian foot spas.  Every time I try a new place, I can generally find good qualities in any establishment that can show me a little bit of politeness and a little good intentions. But Best simply lives up to their name.  I keep coming back for this reason. They are the Best. Many people have issues with this type of service....because they try to compare it to a 50 minute Swedish they got at some upscale spa.  That's is not their thing.  In fact, it wouldn't even occur to them to make it their thing.  I respect it for what it is...which for me, is like taking a roto-tiller to the hard rocky landscape that is my overworked body.  No, it's not for everyone, but they just rock my world...I love you, Best!
4	A great friend came to visit us and after a particularly long night of dancing and debauchery she really wanted a foot massage.  I guess the high heels we had been wearing the night before didn't help out the condition of our poor little tootsies.Since Vegas is not our primary home I once again looked to Yelp for help in finding the spot to go to.  We wanted something away from the  strip, not expensive and someone who specializes in feet.  Our Yelp search brought us to Best Foot Spa.When we first drove up I was put off by the blackened windows in the strip mall, I didn't know what we would find inside, but in we went.  I then recognized the necessity for the  darkened windows, we were immediately transported from a loud, bright strip mall to a zen spa.  The subdued lighting, the spa scents and the VERY quiet environment was what our over stimulated senses required.  As we walked through the door I assume we triggered a sound that brought two women to the front.  They greeted us and ushered us through a common room into a 2 person massage room.The rooms are large square with even more subdued lighting and 2 very comfortable arm chairs, which I came to find out are well equipped massage chairs.  They helped us with our jackets and purses and settled us into our chairs.  We were offered tea and/or water, we both chose tea.  It was excellent.The employees all were talking in whispers and yes it was in a foreign language of which I assume was Mandarin, it was very comforting.  It immediately invoked a sense of tranquility.  We were given a Yelp menu (make sure you ask for the Yelp pricing it saves you 42%) and we chose our session.  In all honesty and this is partly why I did not  give this place 5 stars, the menu does not explain the differences, language was an issue, so we based our choice on how much time we wanted to spend getting massaged and the price.  We ended up with a foot and full body massage for $22 and a full hour.  WHAT WHAT, yes I mean a FULL hour for $22 bucks.They start with placing your feet in a hot bucket of water and then start massaging you from your head, shoulders and neck.  I strongly suggest you come dressed in a tank top or anything that will leave your neck and shoulders as exposed as possible, I did not and regretted it.  They will massage your arms and then go to your feet.  Once they were done with our feet, they had us sit up and the massage chair becomes a massage bed and you turn face down.  This chair is SO FREAKING COMFORTABLE I want one.. LOL  Then I can make hubby give me massages, but at $22 a pop I may not have to.Then you get a full back and buttocks massage.  All the muscles that had cramped up from the dancing the night before were blissfully released and back to feeling like mush.  This whole experience was wonderful.  Our technicians were well skilled and it was the perfect way to relax before going to bed.  I loved the zen environment, the darkness and the quiet.  I LOVED the massage.  I did not enjoy the lack of explanation on the menu and I did not enjoy the client in the next room that decided EVERYONE needed to hear her business.  I heard someone shush her several times, but she was one of THOSE people.  Thankfully she was getting ready to leave when our session started so it was a very short lived torture.  Oh yeah they are open until midnight, god bless them for that.  This way you can pop in, have your massage and go home and right to bed.  Ladies bring a scrunchy or something for your hair, you will need it after the head massage because we both came out looking like Phyllis Diller.
5	After a weekend of long walking in San Diego, I needed some TLC for my aching body and feet. Considering all the reviews, I made myself an appointment with Rex and boy am I glad I did. This location was perfect, I didn't have to drive far or through the hustle/ bad drivers on Spring Mtn. When I walked in, he immediately greeted me, and asked if I was his appointment. Then off we went to the back where I sat on a wide comfy chair and got offered water or tea. Relaxing music was playing and it was dark but enough to see. Price: (Based on 60 mins)$22 - Reflexology and 15 min massage of the neck, shoulders and back. $36 ($14 more) Reflexology and 30 min massage of the neck, shoulders and back. This is the one I chose. I'm always tensed in my shoulders so I wanted the tension GONE!Experience: I'm no wimp. I like deep pressure. I have been many places to get a massage, from the $50 range to the $200+ in the fancy spas on the strip. Those massages are weak (even deep tissue) compared to here. Rex was very courteous though and made sure to ask if the pressure was not to rough for me. I even had to have him to take the pressure down a notch! I was so relaxed and he seemed to have hit every single trouble spot I had. His technique is awesome. My body and mind were like jello afterwards and I was ready for a nap. I'm sure I'll sore tomorrow but in was well worth it. This is my new go to place for massages. If you like pressure, do not want to remove clothing and want a straight to the point type of massage, this is definitely the place to go!
5	I've been coming here for years now and Eileen and her staff is always consistent with their services. I make sure i always take someone with me like a friend or a family member just so they can experience a good relaxation. They've been running their $22 an hour specials for a while now, so very cheap for a great massage!!!  Their staff is very nice, polite and professional. another star for the the place being neat and clean.
5	My husband and I went to this spa today. We didn't have appointments and it was our first time at a "foot spa". We were both pleasantly surprised!  We were greeted at the door by a friendly gentleman who spoke very good English. I explained it was our first visit and that I had heard of them via YELP. He took us right back to a private area with two chairs. Two attendants quickly entered the room with water basins lined with a plastic bag (yeah for cleanliness). I verbalized our requests, but I'm not sure they understood. My husband gets claustrophobic lying on his stomach, so he didn't want the full back massage. Needless to say, when we got to that part of our treatment - his attendant asked him to roll over. I explained again - and hubby refused - so I think they finally got it. Overall, massage was great. I loved the scalp and shoulders and hubby liked the leg massage best.  Would definitely go back - just make sure we explain our requests to the English-speaking attendant so he can translate. Great service for the price - for sure!!
5	This was my first time at a message spa. First thing me and my boyfriend were greeted kindly then we got seated in the back, front desk lady offered me tea, the atmosphere is super quiet and relaxing. First got feet soaked in hot tea water and then had head,shoulder,legs,back,and foot message by Steven really nice guy that got my knots out. I would def come back here when I need some relaxation!
5	I just came back from this place.  I never felt so good, my whole body is relaxed now.  They have good price too.  If you want to relax, go to this place.
5	This was hands down the best massage I have ever had. The atmosphere is relaxing, but not that private unless you have those rooms in the back. The staff is very nice and welcoming. The massage itself was awesome! I had Tina. The massage was great pressure for my aching muscles. I will definitely be here again! Great place, great prices, great staff!
1	Major disappointment! First of all, I requested a female to do my massage when I called to make my appt. When I got there I was told that there was only a male available. He reaked badly of cigarette smoke and made me nauseous. It was the worst and most horrible 90 minutes I've ever spent on a massage table. Then when I was paying I was pressured by the cashier to tip more than I was comfortable with. I'll never go back to this place nor will I ever suggest it to anyone.
5	It's now only $22/hr and up depending on how long you want your back and shoulders done, and the massages are consistently fantastic! Other massage places for $20/hr in the area just don't compare, because they're usually hit or miss. Not this place though; I've never left disappointed!
4	the message is good, too good, but they ask and demand you give a 15 or more for a tip. i am not bugging about that tipping factor and i have no problem leaving a 20$ tip but the thing here is the masseuse does not receive the tip i still cant forget the look on the face of the masseuse after she gave me very good 90 min message
5	for the money hands down the best, I had to make a trip outside the strip and yelped this place. a male did a 1 hour session for $22 and for a $15 tip I was still pretty content with the work done. The place is clean and free of odor! The rooms are broken into two chairs per room. It wasn't busy so I had the room to myself. They did a great job and don't know how the other employees are but for the one person that helped me deserved a 5 star review. Much better then the ones in the Bay Area.
5	My family and I came to this foot spa today, and needless to say we all left very, very happy!I didn't catch the name of the guy who massaged me, but he was a young guy and did a great job. He was SO strong. I know I am going to be hurting tomorrow, but it was well worth it.We're from LA, but we come to Vegas often. We'll be back!
5	this place rocked my socks off. harry was amazing, left happy and can't wait to come back. got package "D" totally worth every penny...
5	I came here with my boyfriend and we both go 75 min massages with 30 mins on back. They were amazing!! We called 2 hours before coming in and they were able to fit us in. The place is clean, the staff is very professional and friendly. I am so happy I came to this place because it was completely worth it!! They very efficient, so there is not too much chatter so make sure you are ready to go. When they walk you to your little room go ahead and undress and be ready for a great massage!
5	A perfect ending to a long day! The staff were very friendly, courteous and professional. When we got there, we were greeted immediately and then directed to our semi private room. The staff know what they're doing and the quality of their work is consistent throughout the massage. Totally worth it!
5	That was an excellent massage - $22 for an hour - and they didn't charge extra for the credit card!
5	I have been here 3 different times and have always forgot to write a review so I'll be covering all of my experiences which have ALL been phenomenal! April 2013: First time here. A friend treated me for my birthday and I couldn't believe that it was only $22 for practically a full body massage because in all reality, that's what you're getting!!! The ambiance was great, the pressure was great, and afterwards, I felt great!!August 2013: I treated a different friend for HER birthday and it was another success!! She had a wonderful time and my masseuse applied great pressure. I believe her name was Nana. Very relaxing atmosphere again!February 2014: I treated my Mother and Aunty and we were all in heaven getting pampered together. It was their first time here and they had nothing but awesome things to say. Everyone was happy with their massage and were already planning their next visit.Clean environment. Nice employees. Amazing experince.DO YOURSELF A FAVOR AND VISIT BEST FOOT SPA!! YOU WILL LOVE IT!!
2	I come here quite often and hardly disappointed when I leave. I barely check in too haha. Anyway, I always forget the name of the masseuse that I like but the previous ones before, understand when I ask for a little bit softer. This time around I consistently had to keep asking for the pressure to be softer. They would start off softer but go back to the pressure that just made my back hurt more. At the start of the massage I couldn't wait for my back massage. After the massage, i looked to see if I had any messages on my phone. A friend asked "how's the massage?" I replied back "I think I need a massage for my massage lol" Wasn't satisfied this time around but there's a first for everything.I probably will be going back because of the price and how convenient they close late due to my schedule, I just got to find the business card that has my masseuses' name on it.
5	Awesome place. Made an appointment w the bf on the same day, Saturday and they made accommodations! Not much talking at all, extremely relaxing and although the guy def wasn't afraid to use extra pressure, I enjoyed it and he put less pressure when I asked. Extremely nice people, place was clean, highly recommend
5	Wow! It's been  long time since my first visit & the first thing the nice lady says to me & my girlfriend was welcome back. I was like wow you remember me? She replies of course, you're a handsome man hahaha! Then she tells me who I had last and I was blown away because the whole car ride I was saying I hope Mikki is working. We had just went for a spa date at red rock on valentines and it didn't come close to what these ladies can do. I told Mikki the areas I wanted worked on and she DID WORK! The strongest & best massage I've ever had! My girlfriend had a lady named Julie & she says the same! Thank you ladies for completing our Sunday Funday! See you next weekend.
5	For the money at $22 an hour it's the best in town. Very professional service. Great deal. They will take cards too if you ask.
3	$22 for an hour foot massage including 10 minutes for the back is not a bad deal. Both times I've been here, I've left with the knots in my back gone! You do have the option to upgrade.. for example - the next step up from $22 package was $36 for 30 minutes for the back and 30 minutes for your feet.I came here with my friend & we were greeted very quickly & led to a semi private room with two lounge-like chairs. We passed two rows of these chairs in the "open" area of this place. We were offered water or hot tea while we waited. Then they brought out a warm/hot bucket of water to soak our feet in. The masseuse came in shortly afterwards.The masseuse from my first visit was good and bad. I felt like he spent more time on my back than my feet even though I had the $22 package.. which is awesome because my knots were all gone when I left. At the same time, he sucked because he got two calls during my hour & he actually answered his phone!! Both times!! & carried on short conversations - not a "hey, I'm busy, let me call you back after I'm done" kind of conversation. & even more awkward - he kept massaging me with one hand.. Sorry, but UGH & AWKWAAARD! Thankfully the masseuse from my second visit was much better & I wish I got her name. Also!! As other reviews have mentioned, when they do the back part of the massage - they WILL massage your butt! The first time, I was kind of surprised so I kind of just let them do it thinking that 10 minutes would go quickly & the butt isn't a big part of your back?! I remembered for my second visit though & told them to ignore that area. Haha..As for payment, they do prefer cash over credit/debit. For the tip, they have a piece of paper that shows how much you should tip ($5 = not happy/service was poor, $10 = happy/service was good) with the people who massaged you standing next to them!! Good things are the price & they fact that they can get the knots out, but service has been hit or miss..
5	Where else but in Las Vegas can you get a massage for 4 women at 11:15pm at night on a Wednesday night? The service was amazing and prices were so affordable. Treat yourself! Worth the drive from the strip.
1	What a rip off!!!!!  I'm so mad. My boyfriend and I went to get a massage. We usually go to China town but I wanted to try somewhere closer to home. It's 22/hr for a FOOT MASSAGE. When you sit in the chair, they pull out a price list. It's 36/hr if you want a back massage too. So they start and I tell myself 'we'll, maybe it's worth the 36 bucks'. You know when they just rub the same are over and over with the same movement until your skin begins to ache? Awful. I couldn't wait for the back punches to run out of there. A massage chair at the nail salon does a better job. They have 42% off so people check in and they gain reviews. Safe to say I'm never going back.
5	After hearing my always saying she wanted to go for a foot massage we decided to check this place out. Let me tell you this for the $22 special you can't go wrong at all. They massaged our legs, arms, back all for the special. Very professional place if your a couple and want to relax. I am definitely going back again. I wish I could give 10 stars
3	After walking into another foot spa and hearing giggling, talking at full volume, and noise, I had to leave and came to Best Foot Spa. When I walked in I heard....nothing. There was a room full of people and NO noise. Loved it already. The woman who came out to greet us whispered, good sign! I heard the sound of a water fountain which I appreciated too. We had a 10 minute wait which was fine. The woman who greeted us asked us which massage we want. There were 2 choices for 60 minutes, 1. 60 minute massage with 10 minutes back and shoulders and neck for $22or 2. 60 minute massage with 30 minutes back and shoulders and neck for $36I've been to many foot spas and I usually just pay $20 for a one hour massage and am not asked about these options. Now I am curious to time how much back and shoulders and neck I get at other places for $20 massages. I wanted more back so I chose the $36 option. I have to say, since I was paying more for the massage I counted the minutes they spent on my back. It was 24 minutes. Sorry but if I am paying more for back I better get my full 30 minutes. I did ask him about it after and he said the neck in the beginning counted for part of the 30 min...hmmWe were brought to a private sectioned off area which was nice. The massage at times consisted of either too hard, too soft, or a lot of knuckles. I imagine if I got an amazing massage, I would not mind a couple minutes being taken off. The guy who massaged me was really really nice and kept asking if I was okay and the pressure was okay. I can say I never got this from anywhere else. Usually they don't ask a single question.  It's kind of hard to explain during the massage to not use your knuckles since I don't want to offend the person that their technique does not feel good. He also noticed I was twitching when he used knuckles on my toes and continued to dig in. I would think if you see I am not enjoying that part, you would just move away from that area. He also had a conversation with my hubby's girl which is a big pet peeve of mine!! Luckily the conversation did not last more than maybe 3 minutes, but I was so close to shushing him. I have done it before and have no problem doing it. He is lucky he stopped talking when he did. I seriously don't understand what they have to say that is that important that can't wait.  It was not a bad massage at all, I have just had better.I would probably go back and give it another shot. I am really in between 3 and 4 stars.
4	I had sore feet so why not go to the best foot spa in town.So I've never had my feet massaged before so this was a new experience. Strolled in around 7pm, with no real expectations or reservation. The windows were blacked out so my first thought was "how much is this really gonna cost"We get shown to a cubical with a very friendly young lady who sat us down and offered us tea. A gentleman came out and automatically showed me the yelp specials! Hey $20 for a 45min foot massage, I was sold.This was kinda of amazing, I think I fell asleep while in the massive lounge chair. I did hear maybe a few other people who were snoring in other cubicles.This place is great and I absolutely recommend it!
1	I was in more pain leaving then I was when I walked in. The foot massage was good. The hand and head massage were also good. But everything else was terrible. I left with "Indian burns" all over my legs and back. I had to keep telling my masseuse to go "softer". Then I tried to pay with a debit card and the cashier told me she prefers cash. So I paid her cash. Then after paying for the massage in cash, she asked me to tip her with my card. I refused and told her I'd go to my car and grab some more cash out of my wallet because I only had enough cash to pay for the massage and give a 5 dollar tip. So I told her I would go grab my wallet out of the car to give her a little extra. She followed me to my car and awkwardly watched me look for my wallet to a get a few extra dollars to tip her. It was very unprofessional.
5	In town with some friends and hit up two places for a foot massage over the weekend.  Compared to the other place we went to, this place was 100 times better.  Here the massage was more about pressure points and getting knots out.  I got the $22 yelp special and it was more than enough.  They have plenty of space and some semi-private rooms.  The place had nice music on and was peaceful.  Everyone spoke English and I was asked several times during the massage if the pressure was ok.  Be aware that a normal tip is $10 - $15 (I gave $10 for my $22 service).  On the checkout counter there is a cheesy chart with smiley faces reflecting your satisfaction with the massage and what the norm gratuity is for stated satisfaction.  I chalk this up to cultural differences and their inability to graciously state how they would appreciate a large tip for a drastically discounted service.  For a great massage that cost me $32 total, I was still more than happy since $32 is more than 60% off what I would pay at a fancier place.  I will definitely come again when I come back to Vegas.
5	I made two hourly reservations back to back. One here, and the other at which I regularly went. Comparing both, the difference speaks loudly. The lady I have here doesn't milk her clock and delivers a great service. This is the first time during massage I am amazed that "it's not over yet" in a good way!! Not only she doesn't steal my 60 minutes but also she exactly does her magic on every joint and muscle. She speaks very little English, and I am not planning to let her know that I speak her language as I am definitely a regular from now on and I prefer serenity during my Service.
4	My BFF and I came to BFS after high recommendations from my BF. Follow along. We used to be regular patrons of another foot spa with the same initials, but we needed a new place.  Best Foot Spa has been around for a while, with a plethora of great reviews already.  My BF has been here before and he told me how Rex was the man to see.  I was a little reluctant because I'd heard that BFS' massages can leave you sore the next day, and I'm not a fan of being beat up during my massages; deep-tissue is not my thing.  I'm happy to report that my massage was not torturous at all.  My bestie and I showed up at 8:30 on a Thursday night after she made appointments for us.  We chose the $22 one-hour massage, which specifies that you get 10 minutes dedicated to your back; if you want more minutes on your back, you pay more.  She got Rex as her massage therapist and I got a lovely lady named Winnie.  After providing the foot spa to soak my feet in, Winnie did a great job, starting with a scalp massage, then ears (yes, ears!), neck, shoulders, arms, feet, legs, and back.  She checked in frequently with me to see if the pressure was alright, which I greatly appreciated.  I never felt any pain, which can happen because of an old back injury, so I was very pleased with the hour spent there. BFS is smaller than the other foot spa place we used to frequent as well as quieter, which is so much better.  After a $10 tip, we walked out of there having paid $32 for an hour of relaxation and stress relief; that's a bargain for what you get.  BFS, you just may be my new BFF.
5	I cant thank Rex enough for giving me the best foot massage I've ever had. Especially when I was pregnant!! Rex knew the pressure points to avoid and made sure I was really relaxed and comfortable. I know Rex gives a discount for mentioning Yelp but in all honesty I don't mind paying him full price because HE IS THAT AMAZING! After one foot massage, I guarantee you wont want to go anywhere else.
3	got the deal from Yelp and its my GF's birthday, so we decided to give it a try based on the Yelp rating and the deal. I guess my expectation was a bit high compared to the massages in CA. its only 15 bucks and massages were EXCELLENT, but the massage here in NV are mediocre . the massage here at The Foot Spa we had yesterday was a bit choppy and doesn't flow well.  they are a bit shy on the lotion which hurt my skin, and the massage therapists need more training and look tired and a bit out of shape for the job, but i tipped them 20 bucks for trying. I wouldn't go back.
5	This place is so much better than all the Western spas I've been to that charged upwards of a hundred dollars. This is a full body massage that is absolutely amazing; I've done the $22.00 that has less time on the back than the $36.00 massage. The $36.00 massage literally had the therapist climbing on my back, walking and digging her knees into the muscles--literally the best back massage I have ever received.For those complaining that the pressure is too hard, rather than saying "lighter" or "less pressure," tell them "softer," and it works perfectly.The atmosphere is perfect as well; I went yesterday with my sister, and no one else was in the spa, so they were chatting and laughing. When we went pack to the semi-private room, it was dead silent and perfectly relaxing. They are incredible, and I recommend this place to everyone who loves a good massage,
1	So painful that I was pushed two inches down the chair so my nose was touching the face opening. The first therapist smelled of cigarette smoke. No scalp massage and no sense of body language. If you are clenching your muscles you think they would lighten up!
4	Great place so relaxing
5	Just had the BEST $22 message from here!! It says foot spa but they message your head, shoulders,  arms, hands, legs, feet and even your ears! For only $22 i even left him a $15 tip i was that satisfied. will definitely be back.
3	Great atmosphere. Great service. Good prices. Massages were very routine but not bad. Staff was very gracious, so that left a good feeling for me. I was hoping for a better massage on my feet, so for a foot spa, it left something to be desired. Giving 3 stars for the atmosphere and the friendliness of the staff.
5	First time I went my friend took me. I had an amazing experience that first time and because of that I've been going back at least two times a month. They are a little routine with it but I actually don't mind. But today, I had such tense muscles and a horrible headache I decided to go and ended up with Judy. I've never had her massage me before and I will say her massages are nothing like the others. The others are great but for some reason I can really tell in Judy's massaging she enjoys what she does and pays attention to the ignored areas. Next time any who's been or will go definitely ASK FOR JUDY.
5	This was one of the best massages that I have ever had!  My husband and I were walk ins and as soon as we got in we were taken to a room and sat in a comfy chair. The lights were dimmed and there was music playing. She showed us the options and I decided on a shoulder and foot massage and my husband got a foot, back and shoulder massage. The person who gave me my massage was Boweal. He started on my shoulders and asked if the amount of pressure was okay, it was a little to hard for me so he used less pressure. It was awesome!  I was super tense and at the end of my massage I was feeling great! The foot massage was the best! I actually fell asleep three times! We will be visiting again the next time we are in Vegas! We were both a little sore that evening and the next day but it was a good sore :) we highly recommend this place!!
3	This is more of a 3.5 star rating and here's why: Let me start off with the cons:1. Since it's in one big room, you can hear everyone around you. People walking, inconsiderate people not turning off their cell phones, whispering, etc. 2. The lady doing my massage kept burping. RUDE AND FREAKING GROSS!!! They weren't loud burps, but still super unprofessional. Whatever she ate had garlic. 3. I hate how they stand and wait for you to give them a tip. Like they totally want to guilt trip you into giving a better tip. At past massage places, they have you put it in an envelope so you don't feel forced into it. 4. The massage motions she did on me were just way too fast. Like when she was massaging my scalp, it felt like she was shampooing it instead of massaging. The movements were just too fast and vigorous for a massage. Ok enough with the negatives. 1. They start with your head, move down to your shoulders and arms, spend a good amount of time on your feet and then flip you over on your stomach and massage your back. All for $22!! Not a bad deal at all!2. Whenever she massaged one side of my body, it felt so good that I got excited because she had to do the same thing on the other side.3. I spend a lot of time on my feet since I work retail. So the extra time they put into massing your feet and legs was a plus. 4. She put just the right amount of pressure so I never had to once tell her to ease up or go harder. And when she was applying all her weight to my back, I felt a lot of stress melt away. All in all, I was pleased with my experience here. I felt relaxed afterwards and fell asleep quickly that night. I'm a little sore the day after but it was all worth it. P.S. Favorite part was when my friend and I looked at each other after the massage and had crazy hair.
5	Ok, I was getting another headache and one of the reviews said this place did face and neck. BOY do they do face and neck! It was just what I needed. Relaxing and perfect, and go for the Yelp 90 min special. He hit every spot on my body. Ask for Bowen, I swear he was the best! Understood me, checked for pressure, he was a GOD. A GOD, I tell you!
5	Rex and Winnie have been incredible in their body massages. But be prepared, they put a whole new meaning & strength to deep tissue massage! The price is so overly affordable that you can't afford not to go here at least once. I highly recommend this place and visit at least once every 2 to 3 weeks. $50 for an hour & half.  How can you not go?
5	Ask for Rex! Very very strong. And the hot tea is great. I do $38 for hour and a half + 20 extra minutes on my back for $20 extra.
4	One of the better foot massages I've received to date. It started out a little slow and deceptively uncoordinated but soon picked up. Massage finished strong with a small Chinese woman walking on my back. Heaven!
4	Cheap and relaxing. But don't come here expecting to get pampered.
3	The spa is definitely worth it, $22/hr! Its not the cleanest but the massage was good; you get what you pay for. Do not have high expectations here**The spa is a large room with semi private open rooms in it, where you can hear everything from the room next door. The bathrooms are not the cleanest so if you dont have to go, just wait. They greet you with a large bucket of warm water with a plastic bag wrapped around it to soak your feet in. When the man massaged my feet he applied just the right pressure, very relaxing. Overall, I would go again! It's worth the price; I will just use the bathroom before going inside.
5	Another amazing massage.  Winnie and Mae were phenomenal. Thank you both ladies again! I highly highly recommend this place to anybody in the area . They are the best!
4	This place is sort of my guilty pleasure... Their prices cannot be beat! They are friendly, the place is clean, and their massages are decent. If they stepped up their customer service a bit...say...therapists not answering their cell phones, or not talking amongst themselves during treatments, or fingers that didn't smell like smoke or garlic, I would easily give them 5 stars! But, all of this is easily overlooked for a decent massage for $20-$40 instead of the $100+ spas charge!
3	Good customer service and it's clean. I've gone to this place several times so when I went for the usual 90 min., I was bummed it didn't include the neck and back like it always has in the past. I understand they need to make money but I really wish this was communicated beforehand when I walked in, and out with a headache.
4	The BEST!  Relaxing and exactly what I needed after a long week or moving.  They have a hostess that speaks English and explains all packages to you pre-massage so you are not surprised with a crazy price at the end of your massage.  The girls were great and asked us several times if the pressure was good.  Very attentive and customized the experience to our liking.  Make an appointment on the weekends since it gets busy.BEST is right. . .
4	I really enjoyed my visit at Best Foot Spa. We made a reservation but showed up half an hour early and they immediately seated us with no hesitation. We were offered tasty hot tea as the massage began. Large tubs of water were brought out. It's basically a wooden tub lined with a plastic bag filled with warm water. You put your feet in and they wrap the bag up around them and put a towel over to keep everything nice and warm while you are relaxing. The recliners were tilted back for us and more pillows were brought to ensure we were comfortable which was very nice. I chose the 90 minute massage with 30 minutes on the feet which was $50. In my opinion it was definitely worth it. It was hard for me to relax at first because it was a new experience but soon I was able to let go and enjoy it. The massage started with my face and sinus area, followed by my scalp. I loved the scalp part. The one unusual thing was that the lady massaging me answered the shop phone while she was working. And then she got up and a man took her place for the rest of the massage. That was okay but a little strange. Anyway, he massaged my neck and shoulders for a long time, followed by my arms. Then he switched and did the foot portion during which he also worked on my calves. Then he had me flip over so he could work on my back and boy did he ever! It was painful at times but felt really good after. He really got in there and worked the knots out. My back felt fantastic afterwords. The place was clean and the staff was very pleasant. I would definitely go back again.
5	My husband and I found this place while in Vegas, needing a foot massage after so much walking. Highly recommend! Clean, courteous, professional and reasonable...they earned every penny plus a nice tip!!! Will make this place a must in future Vegas trips!!!  Thank you!
5	Amazing. This is just what you need after a day of walking along the strip it shopping. They take care and make sure you are comfortable. The atmosphere is so peaceful! I highly recommended this place! Also very sweet ladies answer the phone! Thank you ! I never realized how much tension I had in my back!
5	Amazing!! Must go place. Totally worth the money. For the 75 minutes we had, they did the whole body including my face. Will definitely come back when I visit Las Vagas again!
5	The best message I have got in quite a while.  Did the 75 min foot massagecwith 15min back massage.  She basically did the whole back leg and foot.  Great strength.  She kept on asking if the strength was good and adjusted the power.  It was very nice.  Definitely worth the money.
4	Clean, professional, and very nice people! After being in Vegas for almost a week at a trade show getting a massage is a must. I went here with a friend as a walk in, they seated us both immediately & didn't attempt to up charge. We were given the same pricing as other yelpers have posted on the photos. Great spot for a quick massage, we'll be back again.
4	I can't say it was the best massage I've ever had but it was enjoyable.  A massage is a must right before I spend hours at the poker table stacking dudes.
4	Great value! Husband and I made this our last stop on the way out of Vegas, and it was the best decision ever! Such a nice, deep Thai - style massage. When we came in there was no one at the front "desk" to help us, but someone quickly whisked us back to a super duper dark little semi-private cubicle. We decided on the hour-long massage with 30 minutes on feet and 30 minutes on neck and back. $36 each with the yelp special. So.Very.Relaxing. Even though it was a little quick to start...they brought us water to drink, then immediately put our feet in to soak and had us lay back before we could drink anything. I didn't even have time to take my jewelry off! But he worked around it well. Fabulous attention to pressure points! And they asked several times if the pressure was ok. I LOVED how deep this massage was. Have never had anyone push hard enough until now. I'm a baker, I knead dough or roll and knead fondant and stir and scrape and mix most of the week and it felt amazing to finally have someone feel the tension in all the right spots and work it all out.  I really enjoyed the stretching and body weight pressure that was used. Not your typical Swedish massage! Special attention to my arms and hands was exactly what I needed, especially since I never get a chance to vacation like this, this was a well-deserved treat.So, this is going to be a must stop for us every time now! Where else can you get an hour-long couples massage for $100 including tip? Nowhere but here! LOVED IT!
5	One of the best foot massages I've ever gotten. I went on a busy Saturday but only had to wait for a few minutes. The hostess and the masseuse spoke perfect English. I will def go back.
3	Hubby and I just got back from a long road trip and needed to un-wind as we were stuck in the car for several hours. Unfortunately, the spa we go to on the regular closes at 5pm on Sundays. So we decided to check out one of these foot spas and see if we can get a decent massage. It was definitely the best massage compared to the spas that are similar to this place. We didn't expect it to be amazing or anything because our experiences at these types of spas have been mainly very mediocre or bad and we only go because its the last resort. If you're looking to save money on a massage, I guess you can go here but I would much rather spend $15 more and get an excellent massage. And mind you, we have a membership which gives us a 50% discount for additional massages during the month-- which is totally worth it when 10 minutes into my massages, I'm so relaxed that I'm snoring.. I feel sorry for my therapist.Anyway, my husband and I got the one hour massage and the most enjoyable part of the massage was the foot massage. I don't recommend full body at this place. They will try to use their elbows if you don't ask for them not to and they use their forearm over your shoulder blade and spine which is extremely painful. My husband had to tell the guy to stop a couple of times-- he listened but then changed to a method where he was just putting pressure on his back and not actually working the muscle-- which is what the pros do.My therapist on the other hand sorta swung me around like some pizza dough which was weird but whatever-- at least it wasn't painful or uncomfortable. So anyhow, we left and of course they have a tip chart asking for a 30% tip if we are happy with the service. A sad face for $5-- which is actually close to what we should tip for ok service  that is $36 dollar.Anyways-- we're not stingy ass people and we gave them each $10 bucks because they were friendly and the place was clean.
5	This place is awesome!  I had the 60 minute massage with hot oil and hot stones, which is a must try!   I am going to make this place a regular visit!  It was much needed!  The guy doing my massage did an amazing job!  It looked clean from what I could tell.  Nice that they are open late since I have a varied work schedule.
4	Okay, I'll admit that I'm a massage "noob" but I knew I didn't want to pay $300 at one of the hotel spas. Found this place and gave it try and I think it was well worth the time and money. I passed out during the massage so I suppose I should apologize to anyone annoyed by my snoring but I sure was relaxed!
5	Came to Vegas for pool tournament, decided to give this a try as read the reviews. Fantastic!!! If I could give 6 stars I would. My other half  and I received an hour with hot rocks for 1hr for 54 a piece.. Well worth it.Both the gentlemen got right in there and worked on our knots and made sure we were comfortable the entire time.. I will definitely come back.
5	This place is great.  They live up to their name, and do the little things that count.  For example, the place was busy but I was greeted by a little lady that came from the back out of nowhere, and ushered me to a seat towards the back of the spa.  Before I knew it my feet were soaking in a hot tub of water, I was asked if I would like hot tea or water, and my massage began!  I highly recommend this foot spa to any friends looking for a quick and not to mention great- priced foot spa.  Keep up the great work best foot spa!One hour for $22 - included a face, scalp, neck, back, and body massage.
4	Great place to get your foot rub while you in vegas. They open late and the price was reasonable for 60 minutes you pay $22. I thought the tips chart with happy faces were very clever, however I felt a little forceful. They demand at least $5 with the sad face and 30% tip with the happy faces. You are in an open room so don't expect to have an intimate massage with your partner, so you rely on other people to be polite and not taking phone call and etc....
5	Great service. I wanted back massage only and got it. $30 for 30 minutes. Oil and hot stones are extra $4.
5	Flying all over the country had left me with a bunch of knots in various places.  1 hour massage for $36 with an excellent deep tissue back massage.  How can you go wrong??  Would totally go back next timeI'm back in Vegas.
5	I'm not ashamed to admit that I'm a guy who likes to take care of his feet. After my work shift, and after reading reviews on here, I decided to try Best Foot Spa for a massage on my tired tootsies. I was very satisfied. I wanted to do an hour massage, but had to be somewhere after so I opted for the 30 minutes.  I was just interested in getting my feet rubbed, so I decided to do the hot stones and oil ($4 extra), but just for my feet. It felt SO good. I didn't catch the name of the woman masseuse, but she was very efficient and the massage lasted a good 32-34 minutes. Would recommend it to anyone and will definitely be back. I may be a little generous with my positive review because it was my first time to a 'foot spa', but I left feeling great.
1	I was brought here by all the positive yelp reviews. I left here feeling annoyed and confused. I went on 9/3/14 around 11pm with my boyfriend. I told them we each wanted massage for 20/hr. I remember thinking that the decor was pretty nice in comparison to other foot spas. After we are in the chair, the lady who massaged me tells me it's $34/hr per person. I am confused but I say ok because I assumed there was a good reason for the change in price. There wasn't....The massage wasn't even good. Definitely not worth $34! The first 10 minutes she was rubbing me so lightly I had to tell her to do it harder. She was rubbing me in all the wrong places. Ie: shoulder blade. After about half way she offered us oil for only $3 more. I agree. Her and the other guy come back with hot stones.That was a surprise addition but in my head I'm thinking they must be included with the oil? I came to find out when it was time to pay that it's $6 extra for hot stones..... I was shocked at how unprofessional this place is. How are you going to start rubbing rocks on my back that I didn't even ask for?? The bill came out the $40 a person!! How does $22 and hour turn to $40 without tip????  I would never come back to this place!! Another negative was when the lady went to stretch me she had forgot to clip my bra back. So when she lifts my torso up, my bra fell down. The guy masseuse most likely got a free show.  She doesn't say sorry but instead starts laughing. Awkward.  Check out Happy Feet. The set up is a lot more humble looking but you aren't surprised when it is time to pay.
5	Awesome if you can get a private room with just the two chairs, or if you go after the sun goes down, otherwise the door opening repeatedly can get annoying in the front. I generally go for the upgraded 90 minute massage where they do shoulders for 30 min, feet for 30 min, & back for 30 min!!! Very relaxing and I've always had a good experience there. Definitely don't be shy about what you like and don't like...they will accommodate - don't suffer it its too rough, or don't get upset if its not firm enough! Just communicate! Great prices and they're open with walk-in services (but I suggest calling in, so you don't have to wait) until 11pm! :)And just because they're prices are cheap, don't be cheap with the tips, the actual technicians deserve it!
5	By far the best! I took my boyfriend and some friends. They had never been to a place like this and were a little skeptical. But they absolutely loved it. I'm pretty sure every time we are in Vegas we will be stopping by.
5	Reminds me so much of Ava Foot Massage back home! We paid for the 1 hour foot+back treatment. No long wait, open room so no funny business, and boy do they know feet! Make sure you check in on Yelp, we saved a fortune using on of their Yelp specials (separate secret menu).If they offer you some extra thing for 4 bucks, just say yes. That girl pulled out every Yoga move she knew on my back and busted out what felt like hot rocks. Unlike Ava, these folks could actually crack my back. Left relaxed and ready for more Vegas baby!
5	I love this place!! If you are interested in a private room, just call ahead and let them know and they will tell you what time to come. Otherwise, walk-ins are always welcome and I have never had to wait a very long time at all. Remember to always tip well and in cash!!
4	The spa is immaculate and they promptly seated me and my five friends for our one hour massages. They do try to sell up the treatments but they are not pushy. Very relaxing and well worth the money spent.
5	I had an overall experience that could best be described in one word:  EXCELLENT!  That is the sum total.  The separate and finer points that made up the EXCELLENT experience were that of a warm welcome without any waiting.   The atmosphere was clean and calming.  The mood was quiet and respectful...nobody was talking on mobile devices and not once did my massage therapist take a phone call...which is a huge deal killer for me at other places.  She was expert in her technique.  I would definitely recommend Best Foot Spa.
5	I have to upgrade my review to five stars now.  I've been back here about once a month since my first review and introduced BFS to other friends, my mother, my aunts, and other relatives.  Everyone has loved their experience.  I can just call the same day and get an appointment easily and they know me by name.  I haven't had one bad massage yet, so Best Foot Spa is as good as it gets for me.
2	$20 an hour, I've paid for less and gotten more in LA.  I have to tell the lady to go harder like 3 times and they still expect a $10 tip.Definitely not coming back for sure.
5	My husband and I have seen the foot reflexology signs all over town, we have always had and interest but never experienced it before today.  We paid $22 plus a $10 tip each-  It was worth every dollar!  What a great experience!  The effort put into the massage is what made it worth every penny.  It's a very relaxing environment (dimmed lighting and soft music playing in the background.).  We sat in a room that seats two.  We will definitely be back to try their full body massage for $36.  By the way we went at 11am when they first opened, it was perfect! We were the only people there.
5	Another wonderful experience, this time with "Annie". I opted for the $36 hour long 1/2 back and 1/2 feet/body and added the hot stones for an extra $4. Totally worth it, I had VERY tight shoulders/ neck. She noticed this right away and worked out the tightness as much as possible in the hour I asked for. Will be going back to see Annie very soon!
5	Let me begin by saying that I've been on a bit of a mission to find a good foot spa lately. This is the fifth one in Vegas I've tried out, and this is the one I will come back to. I'm so happy that I'm writing this review on my phone in the parking lot just so I don't forget to tell other Yelpers. They really are the Best Foot Spa!I choose the $36 combo, which is a half hour foot massage and a half hour back massage. It was the most enjoyable and relaxing experience I have had at any Vegas foot spa. I was given a quiet room in the back which was very nice of them. Hot tea was offered, which I enjoyed very much. Leo took wonderful care of me, gave the right amount of pressure (I like a heavy massage), and checked in many times to make sure I was okay with everything he was doing. I wanted a lot of focus on my feet beside I work retail as my second job and wear heels there a lot, and Leo made my poor achy soles feel a-ma-zing. Everyone I interacted with was very kind and professional and there were no surprises at all when I payed. Overall, I am very impressed and satisfied and will most certainly be back! Thank you, Best Foot Spa!
2	I honestly was not happy with my experience. I would rate 1.5 but no option to. I did the Yelp deal. From the moment my boyfriend & I walked in, we felt rushed. I just got out of the restroom & didn't even have time to settle down before the person who massaged me started. I just got my water, & seconds later the table with my water on it was moved away. I had a younger male. There was a lot of "pushing" down on my body more than actual massaging...it was kind of weird. The main reason why I'm rating low is because I got my back massaged with my shirt on & a thick towel over my shirt. I couldn't feel anything!!! It was a joke! My boyfriend got oil on his back. I understand that it is a fully clothed massage but didn't think he'd layer even more cloth over my already thick shirt. He also never asked if I was okay or if the pressure was okay. As for it being a foot spa, the actual foot massage was "okay". We left feeling more relaxed, but we didn't enjoy their techniques. I gave 2 stars for the private room my boyfriend & I had...& for the price. We still tipped well knowing they do work hard & usually depend on tips.
5	My first time here, and I will be back. Fabulous massage from Lisa. I asked for I hr foot massage which is $22. She added hot stones which is an extra $4, then $4 back massage hands and stone. I believe it was well over 1hr1/2 for $30! Gave her a well deserved $15 tip :) Pleasant surprise. I will recommend
4	Asian foot spas, they're on every corner now-a-days. What makes this one better than the others? **but first if you've never been to a "foot spa/ reflexology"  place before...its not a real reflexology session. its not a "massage" but they get away with massaging without massage licenses by preforming "reflexology" which isn't regulated.  for the most of these places you will sit in a dark room, either totally not private or semi private, in a cheap version on a lay-z-boy chair that reclines to be totally flat like a bed.  You will start sitting, soak feet while semi reclined, get head and hands massaged, then feet dried, bowl of water removed, feet massaged, then the chair will be fully reclined, you flip over and get a back massage.  now on to why I think best foot spa is the best. 1. Several semi private rooms, I think theres 4 or 6... each has 2 or 3 chairs... its nice when I go with my hubby... They also seem to have a preference to put small groups into these rooms in spaces allow.  2. They offer different packages... Its 22 (as the door advertises) for 15 min back and the rest spaced out on there rest of the body... Theres also 36 for 30 min back.  I prefer the former... And I usually ask for no back at all... as any girl over a C cup will attest to... We need a whole set up to lay on our tummies... I also don't really like it... Its lots of elbows and rubbing on bones rather than a spa massage (you know with that licensed masseuse who's trained on where muscles originate and attach) So don't be afraid to tell them what you want3. Its mostly quiet... they're really good on shushing people who are gabbing with friends too loudly. 4. Add hot stones for 4 bucks. 5. Just a generally better experience... I never feel them rushing, or that they seem uninterested, like many others I've been to!
5	Awesome, awesome, awesome!  Three coworkers and myself went here after a day of meetings and they got us all right in and they were all terrific!  Each of us had a great massage!  Highly recommend this place!!
5	First time here. Was offered hot tea before my massage. Received my own private room. Very dim lightening & nice calm music. Made myself comfortable on a recliner. Coco brought in a bucket of hot water & put my feet in. Pretty hot at first & then nice. Coco cover my upper body in a nice warm towel. Then she lowered the recliner a little, put a pillow on my lower back and told me to relax. She massage my shoulders, neck, ears, head & then face with plumeria lotion. She lowered the recliner all the way, to where it was flat. She informed me it was optional to remove clothing before back massage. Then I laid flat on my tummy. She massage my shoulders and neck more & massage my entire back, glutes, & asked if I wanted my back walked on (heck yes!!..as I whispered "just don't break me"). She was a small lady and the walk felt great. Then she massaged my arms, hands and legs. She asked if I wanted hot stones for $4 (of course!). OMG! Amazing!!! Then after my massage I was offered more hot tea. Wasn't rushed out of there. Met Coco in the front & left a deserved tip. Thank you! I will definitely recommend coco & Best Foot Spa.
5	Had a 60 minute massage, with a hot-stone upgrade at the end in a semi-private room. The massage itself was great, with the therapist being very attentive and efficient. The facility itself is a mix of open massage chairs that recline into tables and semi private rooms (half height walls, half curtains). It was dark, but not overly so, and quiet with soft music playing throughout. Hot tea was served at no additional cost.  I'll be coming back.
3	The massage itself.... I was hoping for much, much better. Ugh. I wanted this place to be great... I needed this place to be great.. but I didn't quite measure up to what I am used to back home. Sigh. You walk in and the ambiance whispers "relax" ...okay, cool. The staff is super kind and they acknowledged me quickly. I was ushered back to a private area that had two recliner looking chairs. After being offered tea I was asked which package I wanted....without mentioning Yelp, I was offered the discounted package. Mind readers? Or this is just normal pricing disguised as a special? Who knows?Anywho, I got started off with a footsoak and my, uh, reflexologist (?) came in to get started. She first started with my shoulders, neck and scalp...fantastic! Then went on to my feet and calves, fantastic! When I was time for my back - which costs extra - not so fantastic. Firstly, the chair wasn't exactly right for a back massage. Even though the top pillow opens up to create a space for your face (ha!) it's simply too cushion-y, for me at least. I could tell she was using quite a biit of effort but I really didn't feel like my muscles were being worked how I'm used to. Perhaps back home has spoiled me. I'm unsure that I will return... for a back massage anyways. Stick with the basic package here.
5	Went in here on a whim after I met a friend for dinner in the area. Saw this place on yelp and I am so glad that I stopped inside!When I got there, some people were waiting and they chatted me up to say that they had been here at least a dozen times and are in total love with the place. They warned me that I may become addicted...and I think I am. I was placed in a semi-private room. The foot soak was quite relaxing and the masseuse asked me if I wanted to do just the foot massage or the back/foot combo. My back had been bothering me so I opted for the combo. The male masseuse (I wish I had gotten his name) was amazing. Super polite and checked in with me to make sure he was applying the correct pressure. He ended up asking if he should spend more time on my back over my feet, which I really appreciated. I recommend this place because they have amazing prices and customer service. I will be back!
4	$50  for 1.5 hr massage. Chairs were different to most, but I must say they were much more comfortable especially for those of us who are top heavy and dont enjoy lying on our front face down on those regular wooden massage tables with thin cushion . Their comfy chairs fully recline which i didnt realise at first. Lily and Winnie were great for us and we will definitely be back!h
5	So, besides getting semi-ambushed with a surprise attack with the price AFTER the massage was over, this place is a  SOLID 5 STAR. The sign outside says $22/hr. We walked in, and then without getting asked any questions, were taken to a  semi-private section that seats 2. I was immediately impressed with my masseuse, who was very professional, checked-in with me on the pressure level, and also took in suggestions. My lower back got an awesome treat and I was feeling like this was hands down best foot massage place I've ever been to...and that's saying quite a lot. My partner got upsold with some hot stone for extra $4, which he heard wrong and thought it was $1. Hahahhaha. I heard that $4, right. When we got to paying, we were expecting a $22 charge for me, and a $26 charge for him, but we were told that the total bill was $76. I was like, "Whaaat? How?!" The  guy told us that since we had gotten 30 minutes on our body, so it was $36 base price. The $22/hr would have been only 10 minutes on the body areas. I had to ask for the price sheet, because it was nowhere on the walls. Well, whatever. The massage was so good, I wasn't going to complain too much about it. I just wish we would have been made aware prior to starting the massage. I def recommend this spot. Just make sure to ask for the price list so you know what you're getting into.
5	My husband and I have become a bit addicted to getting full body massages from these foot reflexology places lately - and this one is our favorite at the moment! It's a bit farther from our house, but because it's open late and has such good rates, it's quickly become our go-to massage spot.PROS:Open late - works for us, bc we like to go after we put our kiddies to bed and are being watched over by grandma - usually after 9pm.Cost - So inexpensive! $22/hr or $36 if you need them to spend more time on your neck/shoulders/back.  $30 for 75min or $38 for more focus on our neck/shoulders/back.Clean and spacious - they can accomodate more ppl in the common area or have a few private areas for a couple of ppl.CONS:Although they have a pretty good size staff, it's not guaranteed that you'll get in right away if you walk in. I usually like to call ahead even if it's only like 30 mins prior, bc they will usually scramble to accomodate as best as possible.
4	Wow - for the money (very cheap) it is a great place.  Don't get me wrong - this is not a high end spa but then again there are not many high end spas that would give you a 70 minute combined foot and neck/back deep tissue massage for $25.  The massage chairs are pretty cool.  They are oversized and they start you sitting up but reclined quite a bit, while they soak your feet / legs in hot water.  Then they do a great foot and calf massage followed by a neck, temple and shoulder massage.  I thought it was over and was satisfied but then the girl pushed a button and the chair went supine.  I flipped over and she did a great back massage, including some walking on the backs of my thighs where I have super tight hamstrings.This is a legit place - no happy endings or impropriety at all and I believe women are very much welcome.  I'd bring my wife there next time, for sure.
