4	Two pitchers of sangria later, I approve.Seriously though, this is clearly a family run joint where the father is in the kitchen and the children are working the front of house. That, plus food which was far more authentic than I expected (umm, cactus garnish?) makes for a small business that really deserves to be rated favorably. Was everything a home run? No, not really... but it was still better than every other Americanized Mexican joint I've been to in the States. Whatever you are doing Restaurant El Meson, please don't stop. Merci.
4	Small but sweet. Nice staff. Nice patio. Food is tasty and certainly more authentic than most.
5	No this is not a fancy place, no they don't have top notch wine and no they can't accommodate huge groups in winter (in summer they do have a terrace in back). HOWEVER, this is one of the MOST AUTHENTIC Mexican restaurants. You can actually taste the "home made" flavours. Typical meals that you would find in Mexico. Decor: crooked floors, colourful Mexican things hanging on the walls...PERFECT. It is so appropriate.great cocktails and very nice staff. A+!
2	Apparently the other reviewers have never had "mexican" food outside of quebec. Otherwise they would know that nothing they serve at this place is even close to being considered mexican food. Service was good, so that's what got them a full two stars instead of one. If you just want some random concoctions of food with sweet sauces, then this is your place.
4	Delicious Mexican Restaurant in Lachine, right by the water! Very good food and authentic atmosphere.We were strolling around the area and decided to go in to try, was not disappointed! The sangria was great, the food too! Will come back more times!
4	It's not perfect BUT this is probably the best most authentic mexican food place in all of Montreal. Service is always very friendly and helpful and the food is delicious.
4	It was a beautiful sunny day so my daughter and I decided to walk down to the canal area in Lachine from her home and have a nice lunch.  We opted for El Meson because we both like Mexican food and I had never been there.  While waiting for our table inside, we sat on the porch and were served a nice pitcher of White Sangria and 2 glasses of plain water as requested.  Our server was friendly and prompt.  Once our  table was ready, we went inside and ordered our lunch.  We both ordered a cold Gazpacho to start and for the main course I had delicious Quesadilla with Red Snapper and my daughter a cold Shrimp Salad on Avocado.  Both meals were excellent and unfortunately we had no room left for dessert.  Maybe next time - as I will definitely go back another day.  They have a nice outside courtyard in the back,  where several other diners were enjoying their meals.  The washroom was tiny but immaculately clean.
2	This was once a must for us when in Lachine, and it's still adequate in most respects, but too many things have slipped in quality. At the same time prices have climbed above what we're used to from other similar restaurants. I don't think we'll be back. Examples: on a visit today, my enchiladas tasted of chicken that had been stored in the fridge for too long after being cooked, while the green mole sauce had little flavour;; my partner asked for beans instead of rice, and received literally a tablespoon of beans. On a previous visit, we ordered guacamole for the table, and it was presented attractively like a flower, with nacho chips as petals. But when we finished the chips, much of the guacamole remained, so we asked for more. The waitress told us no! She explained that the chips served on the plate were all we could have with that dish. We were astonished.On the positive side, although service is stretched and painfully slow, it can be very pleasant if you get the right server. Ours was embarrassed by the stingy bean serving, so he sneaked us an extra order of beans gratis. The other server where we're seated was also charming, checking on us a few times to see if we needed anything.Sadly, nice servers can't really make up for poor management.
2	Well things didn't start off that well when we arrived with a reservation for 2, saw an empty table that stayed empty for 10 minutes while we stood waiting.So I'm well aware the Montreal is far from the best place to get Mexican, and as such am rating this place in that context. I did like the decor and beer selection, but the food was not great. I ordered the fajitas and my friend ordered the chicken tacos. The chicken was quite tender, but it just lacked taste. My friend did like his tacos.I doubt I'll be back here. There are several other Mexican joints I would prefer to try.
5	Wao! Best mole in town!!!! Amazing service. Little pricy but worth it. Had Enchiladas and nolapito con lomito. Top rated!!!
5	Solid food. Really authentic and cool atmosphere. This place really is a hidden gem right by the lakeshore!
5	I live nearby this gem of a restaurant. I fell in love with it on my first visit. They serve the typical Mexican fare. The servers are always smiling and pleasant. I usually order the vegetarian burrito, which is not even on the menu.  I'm making myself hungry just writing this review. Try this restaurant and you will see for yourself.  ;)
