3	I used to like this place a lot until it moved to St Denis street.Now it is a much longer walk and out of the gay village.So dispointing, as their old location is now vacant on rue Sherbrooke.I miss their crepes with REAL maple syrup.
4	Universel was a great stop to our long day of touristing.  The salads were superb and adorned with a variety of vegetables.  I had a chicken souvlaki salad which I would recommend to anyone that comes to this place.  My bf had a chicken club and we are beginning to realize that the chicken comes out pretty dry on the clubs in Montreal.  I would highly recommend extra mayo to go with it. We were easily tempted by the dessert case and had a slice of the blueberry tart.  Best decision EVER!!! So delicious and didn't break our wallets.
5	This is a great place for breakfast/brunch. The lunch items looked appetizing as well. Nice atmosphere inside.Excellent waffles, crepes and omelette's. Good home fries too and large portions. Highly recommended, I would definitely go back.
5	Too bad we found this place on the last day of our stay in Montreal. Located by my favorite place in Montreal (St Louis Square), Universel has something for everyone.The menu selection was overwhelming, everything from crepes, to grilled cheese, to waffles, to parfait, to omelette's, to a dozen other things. We sat reading and re-reading the menu for almost 20 minutes, there were so many delicious choices. I finally chose the grilled cheese sandwich with home fries, while my dining partner choose eggs Benedict. We also got a blueberry crepe to share with real maple syrup. To say that we were impressed is an understatement. The food was delicious, the prices were perfect, and the service was friendly. I miss this place already.
4	There really is nothing not to like about this place. I was in Montreal with friends celebrating the end of bachelorhood for one of the poor saps. While walking around the streets of St. Catherine and Crescent looking for pre-festivity alcohol, we mentally took note of restaurants that would make for good dinner accommodations. Lucky for us and the wait staff at Cafe Universel, this restaurant was a block away from our hotel, Omni Mont Royal on Sherbrooke. Food: All 8 of us agreed, the food was tasty, hearty and apportioned generously. Service: A bit slow, but if it took them time to cook a great meal with hearty ingredients then we can wait. The pre dinner drinks helped pass the time. Also, our waiter, Ricki, was top notch. Not the easiest thing serving 8 rowdy guys at a bachelor/stag party. Ricki did so with a smile (and an accent).Decor: It drew us into the restuarant. Think unpretentious modern chic - and no, i dont know what that means. Price: Totally reasonable. They had 2 for 1 drink specials and entrees were $10 - $20 (closer to $10 than $20). I would absolutely go back here the next time I am in Montreal.
5	Awesome breakfast!  Yelpers got it right again. I've never seen so many variations of eggs Benedict. The bacon one was fantastic. The cappuccino is also great. Great service and kid friendly. They offer my 5 yr old a coloring book and crayons as soon as we were seated. Great find in Montreal.
5	We chose Universel based on other yelper reviews and even then, it exceeded our expectations. We were in Montreal just for the weekend, visiting McGill with our high school junior and 12 yr old brother in tow. The entire family was delighted with this pick for brunch.  The florentine eggs Benedict, the omelettes and "les combos" with crepes/waffles and strawberries, bananas and chocolate were all both visually appealing and delicious.  The overly generous servings all cane with fresh delicious fruit (kiwi, pineapple included - not just your typically boring fruit salad!)   Service was terrific and we really enjoyed the atmosphere - crowded, tight tables, good background music, good selection of newspapers and an eclectic group of people moving in and really gave the place a local distinctive flavor. We would definitely recommend. Meals were on average $10; speciality coffees could push bill up a little but well worth it ( great cafe au lait!).  Overall terrific value. Would visit again.
5	Good service, good food, and they do brunch till late in the day and maybe all day.I was visiting Montreal and was staying just around the corner from this place, it's easy to walk past as the signage isn't too obvious unless your across the street. The food is good, and my friends enjoyed the smoothies, they also serve pitchers of beer and probably wine. It's looks classy and all sorts of people seem to eat here, from hung over tourists, locals with their wee'uns (kids), and young lovers. On a busy morning they pleasantly found seating for our party of 9!I enjoyed their omelet, and their Universal breakfast that came with choice of meat, 2 eggs, fried potatoes, baked bean, crepes/french toast/waffles with real maple syrup, and a small side of a pork dish I wasn't familiar with.  They also serve fresh squeezed orange juice. However, I didn't think the coffee matched the quality of the rest of the food, but it was drinkable. Their sandwiches and salads looked good also.On a funny note, one of my friends wanted pancakes and the waitress told him "pancakes are for children" and he could only have crepes, French toast, or waffles. :)
5	I have only been to the location on Peel, but I' assuming that they are pretty much the same. The menu is extensive and the food is amazing. Well-priced for what you get (which is a lot!) and the service is pretty good for a Montreal restaurant. Highly recommended.
5	Weekend brunch favourite in the neighbourhood. Great atmosphere, great food, and (almost always) great staff. Lots of options, generous portions. Really love the crowd here. The benedicts are usually my favourite (the Billy Goat and the Universel in particular). Omlettes and crepes are also solid bets. Actually, pretty  much everything is a solid bet. Given the volume of food, it is often nice to order one salty item off the menu (i.e. omlette)  and one sweet thing (i.e. crepe) and split them half-half with a friend to get a good mix of both flavours. Note: some items come with a free coffee, and some don't, which can be confusing.
3	I really enjoyed watching a tiny older caricature at an adjoining table tell the waiter he had left a "rather generous tip." This tip turned out to be about three quarters and a few nickels on a full breakfast tab. Even allowing for the presence of old Monsieur Skinflint, there's a convivial atmosphere. Lots of older regulars and lots of characters.The food was fine. To hear it described here and elsewhere, one might think that diner food had been revolutionized. Not so. As far as I'm concerned, nothing out of the ordinary. That's not such a bad thing when the omelettes aren't greasy and the tab is reasonable. And I guess since the United States is entirely opting out of the good proletariat diner genre, a place like l'Universel might get a little extra credit.
4	Looking for a nearby brunch destination to chase our hunger and hangovers away, we popped into Universel on a Sunday morning at the recommendation of the hotel receptionist.  And we were not disappointed.Our lovely, red-haired waitress was very attentive and patient with our rather rusty French.  I had the eggs benedict with bacon, homefries, and a very generous fruit salad.  He had a combination plate which featured scrambled eggs, homefries, deux crepes avec sucre et beurre, creton (pate) with toast, and sausages.  I traded a benedict for a crepe, which I enhanced with a nice pour of real maple syrup (I know it's Canada, but I was quite surprised and pleased that they offered us a huge bottle of it with our meal). The one minor let-down was my chocolat chaud. It seemed to consist of warm milk and Hersey's syrup.  It didn't appear to be on the menu though, so I assume they improvised for me, and I can't really complain about that!Everything was delicious, service was excellent, prices were reasonable, the decor was chic, and we left feeling revived for our long journey home.
5	Had breakfast there this morning based on reviews from Yelp. I took two of my daughters aged 8 and 10. I love Montreal because everyone says "Bonjour" but as soon as you reply "Hello" you are met courteously with English and not made to feel awkward. My kids were offered coloring books and crayons. Superb service from male server and another male that I'm assuming was an owner. My kids had never had crepes so the server offered the significantly lower priced child's menu which included juice for $4.50 when I was prepared to pay full price for an adult portion. I ordered the Universel Breakfast with 1 meat (could have had 3 meats and I was tempted) 2 eggs, real potato home fries, toast, beans, cretons, and bananas and strawberries on my crepes (was $14.95). All dishes came with an abundance of fruit (cantelope, pineapple, oranges). My meal was HUGE. I could not finish it and I'm a big eater and neither could my kids. My 8 year old devoured my baked beans. Neither liked the creton (I had to look this up because I never had it) but I loved it; a lardy spicy pork dish...yum (it reminded me of corned beef hash but different). Very clean, well decorated. I only visit Montreal once every couple of years but every time I am there I will definitely make this a stop for breakfast.
3	Good service, incredibly large portions.  They have several early bird specials from 7-9am of basic breakfasts for under $7 including coffee/tea.  I had the two eggs and crepe/waffle/french toast special, with crepes. It was around twelve dollars and I didn't realize that with that I would be getting a basket of toast, way too many potatoes and a giant crepe stuffed with banana, strawberry and chocolate sauce. Everything was edible; the crepe was quite good, but the potatoes arrived already a bit cool and were definitely the weak link to the whole thing.  My friend called them 'abysmal' but I wouldn't go too far.  All in all a great early morning breakfast option.
3	I enjoyed the look of the restaurant more than I did the food. I certainly wouldn't rank this place up there with places like L'avenue. I am totally shocked that the average rating is 4.5 stars. It's just an average breakfast restaurant. I don't know what else to call it.The place is very nice, and I found the staff to be very friendly as well.Lucky me... I got to sit in the chair closest to the bathrooms. When the high powered hand dryers were going off, you would swear a 747 was taking off! But hey... Somebody has to sit in the worst chair. Why not me;)
5	We loved the food, portion size, service and visited several times during our trip to Montreal.  One thing I thought was a bit off was the home potatoes served with breakfast, they were a little sweet.  I was just reading an article that storing potatoes in the refrigerator can make them sweet and break down the starch, so i'm mentioning that here in case they happen to take a look :-)  I would still go back regardless of the slightly sweet potatoes.PotatoesCold temps will break down the starches in potatoes, making them unpleasantly sweet and gritty. Cool and dry darkness is a spud's best bud.
4	OMG! You HAVE to try the Calamari! It is the best Calamari I have ever tried! The wait staff is nice and the atmosphere is laid back and peaceful. I ordered the French Onion Soup only and it was delish!Definitely a nice place to stop and have lunch or a snack after shopping!
4	We walked past Cafe Universal on our way from the metro to our hotel on Sherbrook and noticed it was always full.  We stopped by for breakfast and were in heaven with the many choices of poached eggs and crepes, fresh squeezed juices, and much more.  I loved the eggs benedict with goat cheese and mushrooms. I was the best I'd ever had.  there was barely room to squeeze in the over-sized crepe with chocolate, bananas, and fresh strawberries but we managed.The meal was beautifully prepared (fresh fruit and delicious roasted potatoes on the side), great service, and useful location.We'll be back next time we're in Montreal.
4	For breakfast in Montreal, Universel wins. These people take pride in their work and it shows. With most breakfast dishes comes fresh cut fruit on a skewer. Someone spends their morning carving the fruit with a smile. Extrapolate that attention to detail to the rest of your dining experience, and you've got Universel.If St. Laurent has the disease, Universel's got the cure. The portions are heaping but lack the grease common to many hangover-curing breakfast joints. We usually get some combination of eggs benedict or omelets. The gf and I are particularly fond of the universel, an omelet with every breakfast meat under the sun, and the billy goat, eggs benedict with smoked salmon, goat cheese, greens, etc. The already large portions are accompanied by the aforementioned fruit skewer and a heaping pile of quartered potatoes. Also check out their milk shakes and smoothies, though they are meals unto themselves.
4	Other than oxymoron of a British Burger with Swiss Cheese, the menu does provide a nice set of options, including mussels and fries.  The fries are a little limp. The service is good. Portion sizes are good as well.
4	Great price/quality ratio. Portions are good. A little slow maybe due to freshness. Recommend it 100%.
3	An enthusiastic "meh". I came craving burgers, but left unsatisfied. The place has a good ambiance and the staff are friendly, but the burgers aren't worth it.I had the American burger with fried onions and cream cheese, and while the toppings were decent enough, every bite of the burger reminded me of a frozen patty from a grocery store.
4	Service was great.  They have great brunch here.  My girlfriend and I both got eggs Benny and they were very good along with the hashbrowns and salad.
5	Great place for good quality breakfast.. Service is great and the price is reasonable.... My 3rd time to go there for breakfast and I will go back again...Check it out for yourself :)
5	This place receives 5 stars simply for the generosity of its staff. We came in twenty minutes before closing time but were received graciously, with no passive-aggressive sentiment that the kindness was tempered with the sentiment that we should eat and depart as quickly as possible. As an American, I cannot speak to the quality of the poutine, but it's at this spot that I gave it my first try. Got to say, on a frigid evening, it hit the spot and I'm a fan. If you need a place that's warm and welcoming, this is the place.
3	Decided to walk the two blocks from our hotel to try Universel since it received good reviews on Yelp.  I'd maybe give it a 3-1/2 stars?The place has a good ambiance and the staff are friendly.  The vegetarian pizza and Caesar salad was good, but the burger was just fair.  Not sure what kind of beef meat is used for this burger?  The meat looked a little like a frozen over cooked patty, but we were told they cook their burgers with no red?  I've also had better French fries.
3	Service was slow, but good and caring. The menu is just too long, do I really need to go through dozens of choices under each category? The food was delivered hot. Didn't try the limp fries again, so went for onion rings instead, which were nice. Still don't get their burgers... British burger has swiss cheese & Louisiana burger has swiss cheese?!?!
3	Ate here in July. I had been looking forward to having brunch here after reading all the good reviews, but I was sorely disappointed.Food:I had the French crepe with the assorted fruits and custard. First of all, I should have sent it back as soon as I stuck my fork in it. I have never sent back food, so I was hesitant, and kept trying to convince myself that maybe this was a French crepe and I'd been having Americanized French crepes my whole life. But no. There's no denying that I was definitely served some kind of doughy, half a centimeter-thick, tortilla-like wrapping with my fruit. I was really craving a crepe for my last brunch in Montreal, but alas...NO CREPE! The custard was also cloyingly sweet. The fruit was great though. But the whole meal was not worth the $10 or however much I paid for it.Friend had an okay experience with her omelette, though, so 3 stars.Atmosphere:It was definitely not what I expected of a "dejeuner" place. Dimly lit, bar/lounge-like, and a bit tight. More appetizer and drinks than brunch.Service:Pretty average.
5	My five stars are based on my brunch experience, which was nothing short of perfect.  I went early on a Saturday morning, when the cafe was about as quiet as the walk up the usually bustling St Denis.  For about $9, I got a combo plate of 2 crepes with Canadian maple syrup, 2 eggs, a basket of toast, and perfectly crispy potatoes.  Even though I was pretty hungry, this generous breakfast was more than I could eat.  The coffee was good as well.Although my sweetie wasn't as excited about his meal (he said his waffle had an odd "fortune cookie" taste), I thought it was one of the better meals I had while visiting Montreal.  The staff were kind and spoke English very well.If I were a resident of Montreal, I could see myself spending lots of time here.
4	We came here for brunch and had the universal specials - pretty much everything on a plate. We went on a Sunday at peak time so we knew we'd had to wait in line. The place was really busy but the service will still quite good nonetheless. The food was fantastic! Good value really considering the quality and the quantity!
5	Had the Universel eggs Benedict and it was super good. I'd definitely go back for more.
5	Sunday brunch: service impeccable. Ambiance fabulous. Delicious crepe. Much fruit. Perfect billy goat eggs benny. Bottomless coffee. Smoothies and milkshake to fill the gaps.
4	This contemporary diner near the Latin Quarter has all the look and feel of a vintage diner, but the food is anything but. The portions are huge, the prices are way reasonable, and the quality of the food is outstanding. I chose a simple bacon and egg breakfast, and my friend chose the French Toast. Everything we ate was way beyond our expectation, and we couldn't have been happier with our choice.One area for improvement: the coffee. It kills me when an otherwise great restaurant serves average coffee. Charge another dollar for the coffee and make it great.Great experience and excellent food.
4	My friend and I loved this place so much that we went there twice for brunch on a weekend getaway to Montreal. Man the place gets packed but service was always friendly and prompt. The food options are reasonable priced, plentiful and varied (I had a crepe and eggs benedict) but everything I tasted were delicious (shot out to the amazing homefries). Also... the delicious brunch cocktails..... yes. yes. yes.
3	We decided to walk here for breakfast the morning before leaving the city for our trek back to Buffalo.  We arrived and got seated promptly.  I only saw 2 people waiting tables, so I figured it would be a slow-go.  After a while, the waiter finally came over to ask if we wanted coffee, which we did.  He came back a few minutes later without the coffee to take our food order.  I ordered the classic benedict, to which he asked (in French) if I wanted coffee with it even though he had JUST taken our order for coffee.  My french-fluent boyfriend was confused by what he asked and said "what?", so the waiter ended up getting snippy with us about not telling him to use English, even though we would have been fine using French.The food service was fairly slow.  It was a bit busy, but still on the slowish side.  It took about 10 minutes after ordering food (probably around 15 after ordering the coffee) that we actually got our coffee.  Meanwhile, people were coming in after us and getting served before us.The food itself was delicious, and definitely a 4 or 5 star.  The benedict was awesome, and I loved the fresh fruit and potatoes.  My boyfriend ended up getting the wrong omelette than he ordered, but decided to just eat it and not take anymore time, since we wanted to get on the road.When we were finished, we asked for the check, and the waiter left to, what I thought, was to get the check.  After around 10 minutes of him doing everything BUT get us the check (including giving the check to some parties who came in AFTER us), we just got up and walked up the register to pay rather than wait for him to bring it over to us.The food was excellent, but the service was horrible.  We are unsure if he was just annoyed about the English-French confusion at the beginning or what, but we felt pretty annoyed by the end of the experience.  5 stars for food, 1 star for service.
5	Like its sister location, this restaurant knocks it out of the park. I only wish it was closer...
4	I've walked by this place a few times, and finally tried it (for breakfast). The establishment has a pretty full menu, but it seems that they serve breakfast practically all day (we went there at 2pm). All things considered, the food was absolutely delicious, and the portions were very hearty (neither of us finished our entire meals); we got the smoked salmon eggs benedict, and the chicken and eggs. While a bit pricey, it's a rather cool experience, albeit, a tad busy. The servers, however, are nice and courteous. I have my doubts about the light fixtures (a bit gaudy), but the food is what counts. The juice is pretty tasty to boot! A place worth visiting, at least once!
3	I visited this place twice during my trip to Montreal, and was not disappointed. I had the universel omelette, which was full of various meats and veggies, and perfectly filling. The homefries were mediocre, but the fresh fruit was a nice little addition. Coffee was great, and the mimosa was pretty standard. Service was a bit slow. It seemed to be because we were sitting outside, but I wasn't sure. However, the staff was still friendly. I would come back here again, but I'd be interested to see what other brunch options are like in Montreal.
4	First off kudos for accepting a 9 person reservation on a Sunday!Next, I will say the service here is very good. Waiters often come by to refill your coffee and water, which is definitely a plus! The food is very good as well. I had the bacon eggs Benedict, with perfectly cooked eggs. The side potatoes were good and for once, and this is rare, the side of fruit was actually delicious! Forget that unripe pineapple and derelict cantaloupe.. This is the real deal! Kiwi, honeydew, banana, cantaloupe, two kinds of apple, yum! My only gripe is that the eggs could have been ever so slightly warmer, and having made hollandaise myself I would have added a bit more lemon. That being said the food, atmosphere and service were very good and this place is definitely an interesting competition to the Cafe Cherrier across the street.
5	Regardless of whichever Universel you try (Peel or St Denis) you will appreciate how good this place is. Whatever meal you go for you wont be disappointed. Their breakfast/brunch is always superb and I have a soft spot for their foccacia pizza.Now if you just go for their 5 a 7, they have great deal too! Just remember not to get carried away.The staff are very friendly , the service is great and that's why I, among others, keep coming back.
4	This place was a block away from our hotel and had decent reviews so we decided to give it a try. Stopped in around 9:30 AM and the place was already starting to fill up. We sat outside and ordered the Benedict Universal and an egg sandwich with ham and cheese. The portions were HUGE so come hungry. Mains were accompanied by crispy chuncks of potatoes and lots of fresh fruit. Service was good, waitress nice. My only complaint is that the dishes were not served hot and the cheese on both of our dishes were not melted at all.
3	Just came back from brunch at Universel on St. Denis with my girlfriend. We had the Universel Eggs Benedict and the Banana, Strawberry, Chocolate crepes. To drink we had one of their mixed fruit juices and cafe mocha. Both were very big portions and we didn't finish. Anyway, so the bill comes and I guess the waiter's math isn't very good because I paid and he gave me the wrong change.... twice. In the end, he came over and asked "Est-ce que je peux t'aider?" in a tone that suggested I'm the one who can't add. Yes, you still owe me money. Then he started to count out the money and slowly but surely, he came to realize his mistake and gave me the correct amount of change. The last comment he had was... "Oh mais maintenant je n'ai pas assez de change" and walked away. No "Je m'excuse or pardon". I guess he's never seen a $100 bill before or had to count up to 100. We still left him a decent tip but we won't be returning and won't be recommending this place to any of our friends in the future.
5	I've been there several times and I'm addicted. I go mainly for brunch it's always absolutely delicious and I doubt that anyone would be disappointed. Staff are friendly, service is great and I shall be back!
5	Tasty and nourishing oatmeal breakfast in the warm cove on the first snowy morning in Montreal. Universel Cafe is the great place for the early breakfast. Located on Rue Saint-Denis near Square Saint Louis.
5	great early bird specials and phenomenal service. good, solid hometown breakfast joint with uptown appeal.
