3	This Goodwill is deserving of the Superstore status, it's big, it sells quite a bit of furniture (I've never been so tempted to buy an old wooden breadbox as my last visit here), and given enough time and patience you can find a pre-used version of just about anything you're looking for...  For whatever reason, this location of Goodwill (opposed to the smaller location on Warm Springs) overwhelms me.  It just has *that* something... Maybe I feel a little claustrophobic - something about the aisles here seems to make me a little anxious, so I have a harder time finding things.  It seems a little more ragged and disheveled than other locations.  The donation center around back is very user friendly - but you have to know to drive around back of the store.  Yep... I'm the type that drops off three boxes then leaves with five "new" items... If you're in the thrifting mood stop in here, but I'd choose to browse at another location if you're in a rush.
3	It's a bigger Goodwill store than the one on Rainbow, but a little smaller than the one near Tropicana.  Always has something interesting to buy -- be it weird Star Wars helmets, Nintendo 64 systems, or a giant popcorn maker in the shape of a penguin.  Always an amusing way to spend a lunch hour.
1	I've had a long standing love/hate relationship with goodwill - love it since I'm a hoarder, but its a for profit "non profit" that has a lot of balls to charge what they do for inventory they received free. They sell a lot of things from target and actually charge more than retail price, which is ridiculous.But it is what it is, and this review isn't specifically about the eastern location, but wherever goodwill of southern nv office is. I was moving so had a ridiculous pile of things for donation - way too much to drop off w out a truck. Submitted their "preferred" online form for a home pick up on a Wednesday. Didn't hear anything for a week, called the number listed for donations and it was ridiculous. The person said she didnt even have my form. Said they did pick ups for my zipcode only on Sundays. They will give you a few hours timeframe and you HAVE to be home or they wont take anything. I can only assume because some idiot has taken things in the past that weren't out for donation. They gave me the names of some other charities that supposedly do pick ups (couple of which I know for sure don't). I went with salvation army and they were awesome - quick, prompt and you can just leave it out for them.
4	So they completely remodeled this store a while back. The king tut next door closed their business so this Goodwill location was able to expand. It's almost like a mini department store with all the racks and racks of clothing. They have a mini room in the back of the store where they have furniture, carpets, kids toys, etc and some other odds and ends. And I love all the toys here. Any day I can get my son a two or one dollar truck is a good day for me. Just note, that just because it is a thrift store means it is always cheaper. Come in with an open mind and search for that great deal because it is bound to be found.
3	They have alot of clothes.  They recently expanded the back to allow for more furniture.  They have a decent selection of items but I think that their prices are sometimes way too high for a thrift store.
4	I love to go thrift shopping from time to time but, my favorite thrift store (Savers) is too far away so, this (for the most part) is my only choice in the area. Especially since I go "thrifting" when I get my car washed next door.Goodwill is great for finding jeans for me to distress, cut-up, and dye. I tend to find good Levi's and kids jeans that fit me quite well.Recently went in looking for Halloween costumes. Almost found a Captain America fit but, it was a bit too small. Left with a cool denim and bubble vest. Almost left with an amazing orange and gold jacket but, it was too big for me.In general, "thirfting" has it's great vintage and unique finds. Prices are good and they even have special days/discounts. I got a discount on my pieces because I had a player's card.
3	I will say straight off that this Goodwill benefits from better organization than other location in Vegas. They also have a good amount of books from various genres, which always endears me.  With that being said, I still prefer the other Goodwill locations for a few reasons.The first reason is that this location outrageously (compared to other Goodwills and thrift stores) marks up merchandise they deem desirable. As a result all decent suit jackets and coats are around $10-$30, while at other locations they go for $4-$12. Aside from the few expensive items, I've also had difficulty finding good brands here. For example, while other Goodwills have more than a few Banana Republic and NorthFace pieces I usually only find Old Navy or Gap here. As I mentioned before, the few good pieces I find are usually overpriced.My final complaint is not about the store itself. The parking lot is absurd. I'm not sure why, but I've had cars almost back into me twice, while I was in the middle of a line of cars that had turned into the lot from the street. It's a busy area, so keep an eye out for pedestrians and other cars.As a plus, I saw tons of kitsch stuff that I didn't buy last time, so if you're in the market for a hideous El Cortez Christmas sweater or two (yes two!) different versions of Donald Trump boardgames (one from the 80s and one from a few years back), you're in luck!
3	This place is cool.
4	This is a very good Goodwill. I frequent this location often which is probably why I have scored some amazing things here. I have found Prada jeans, Marc Jacobs denim jacket, Bally shoes, a Carolina Herrera dress shirt, a JOOP! suit and a Celine tie all in like new condition. I have also found vintage concert T-shirts, 80's CDs and all the things I like to rummage through thrift stores for. The store is will organized and the turn over of merchandise is rapid. If you see something you like, buy it, because it will be gone if you come back for it. The pricing is fair and slightly inconsistent. I have seen high end designer stuff for dirt cheap along side moderate line clothing brands at almost full retail prices.  I have also scored fantastic vintage furniture and original art pieces here at really reasonable prices. Parking can be a challenge as the In-N-Out Burger drive through line can snake around and trap you in your parking space (this has happened to me numerous times). Park as far away from the other stores as possible. Overall this Goodwill is definitely worth checking out.
4	After shopping at the 99 Cent Store in the same shopping center, we decided to stop in here to look around and see if we could find anything worthwhile.  I was surprised when The Better Half called me over to the display case at the front of the store to show me a large marble carving....it was awesome and matched a set of lamps in our living room!  Normally, we don't find items like this in a thrift store, but it was our lucky day I guess.  The price for it?  $10!  We gladly paid for it and of course, I had to carry this thing out to the car.  It was 30 lbs or so, but it was worth the effort.I'm glad we stopped by the 99 Cent Store that day otherwise we wouldn't have found this gem.Return Factor - 90%
4	Where one can find by far the coolest things, from art to antiques and quite the nice furniture for a very cheap price.
5	A friend recently sent me a great quote "Taking back your ex is like buying your shit back from  your own garage sale."  While I find this to be true, it doesn't have a lot to do with any of the  Las Vegas Goodwill stores.Luckily, I love the Goodwill stores in Las Vegas because they have so much weird crap!  Go whenever you can and look for the strange & unusual if you're into that.  I once found an amazing 2 headed goat. The amount of creepy looking house-hold items at Las Vegas Goodwill stores is far above the national average.
4	Goodwill is always a little bit or miss, but in just moved here, was in the area, and needed furniture.Turns out some local news station was filming a segment here, so it was a little crowded and employees were somewhat distracted.But the furniture is straight in the back. Found 2 different tv stands that would fit my massive 52" screen, one a bit better condition the other but both priced at $40.Here's where you find out why I gave this place four stars: they have a teacher discount! Brought my tv stand down for. $40 to $30, AND they were happy to load it into my truck for me, too.If it were closer, I'd go by more regularly to check stock- still need end tables and a night stand!
4	This is by far one of the better & bigger GW's in the valley. Their prices are more in line with Savers or Epic. -Not crazy or sizist (smells are more expensive than Larges, or vice-versa) like a few of the other Goodwill locations. They are pretty organized & their staff is friendly. I try to make a stop here whenever I'm even remotely near the area.
2	Every time I've been here, it's been busy, which is unfortunate given how narrow the aisles are. If somebody is in one of the rows of clothes with a cart, you have to awkwardly squeeze past and hope you don't knock clothes off. There's little chance of passing someone if you both have carts. The store in general always seems crowded,  slightly disorganized, and a little dingy. I don't think it's actually dirty; it just seems that way since the rows are so narrow and there's so many people and it feels a bit claustrophobic.
2	I'm not a fan of this particular Goodwill. It's on the smaller side and their selection wasn't the best or kept particularly organized or clean. The parking lot for this location is busy and it's often hard to find parking since there are so many different shops and restaurants in one small area. I also dislike the checkout line process, since there is no discernable order to checking out and the line can get a bit out of hand since no one can tell where the line starts and who is in front of whom.
1	The last time i came here on one of the days where they have those specials for different color tags i was super excited because i love thrift shopping & you would expect the prices to be super low after the discount they offered. I searched practically EVERY single rack and could not find a single thing with the color tag i was looking for. Its like they purposely hid them from the customers or something. Also the staff here are not the friendliest, i did not see one smile, and when one of the staff (i believed she might of been a manager) tried to squeeze by me i apologized for my cart in the way and she just rolled her eyes and said i need to get through. The aisles are super small and can barely fit 2 people in them. The only thing i found that i liked was a pair of moccasins in pretty good shape & there was two stickers on them, one cheaper then the other. When i went to checkout the woman at the register took the cheaper sticker off and charged me 7 dollars for a pair of shit shoes. Im sorry but i just don't recommend this place, not good selection for cute women's clothing &  pretty pricey for a "thrift store" and the staff isn't very nice. You might as well drive to a different thrift store instead of wasting your time here.
3	As far as Goodwill locations go, this store is pretty good. If you are looking for clothing, particularly denim jeans and t-shirts, this is one of the most well-stocked in Vegas. It's not great on the housewares, dresses or furniture so if you are looking for those things I would recommend one of the other Goodwill stores in town. The aisles are super tiny so don't get a cart unless absolutely necessary. The clothing racks are overstuffed with merchandise, making it difficult to browse or move the clothes hangers. This store in particular is very, very popular with the elderly: they'll be clogging the aisles shopping next to you and they like to donate all of their free casino crap t-shirts, drinking glasses and other random Station Casinos logo'ed "trinkets of treasure" here (guess it's better than giving them as X-mas gifts to the grandkids)!Check the sign when you come in because this location offers lots of sales and specials. The quality of stuff is what you'd expect at Goodwill (if you want items in nicer condition, check out Savers instead) and the prices are low. I've scored awesome vintage t-shirts in decent condition for 50 cents. Can't beat that, fellow hipsters!
4	A little pricier than other goodwils I have been to, but it's definitely a lot more organized than most. Not to mention it doesn't smell bad like a lot of thrift store do, it smells like apple airfresheners!
3	The prices on clothing is reasonable. Some items on miscellaneous aisle are either missing or broken.The smell is terrible but bearable.The staff are ok.
2	I've been thrifting quite a bit lately for my DIY wedding decor and anytime we're in a area and see a thrift shop, I have to stop in. While this location had a LOT of stuff. it also felt claustrophobic as the aisles are too narrow have more than 1 person in it and things are just everywhere. That's fine so long as there are deals, but I was just plain discouraged at the prices they wanted to pull for some stuff. I looked at vases and one of the simple single flower vases was $3.99. I bought the exact same ones at another thrift shop for 49 cents. What is even more ridiculous is these vases were originally from the Dollar Tree. I saw a few other vases that looked similar to what I have which were also $2-3 where the ones I bought were 99cents.I was looking for large vintage floral serving plates for the dessert table display. Most of these were $4-5 a piece. I just bought a few at another store for $1-2. I still browsed a few more knick knacks and after I found all were priced too high, I just stopped and left. It's other peoples junk that they got for free to sell.
3	3 stars because I was able to find some band new VANS slip ons, perry top siders & used uggs. There is some quality items if you take the time to scavenge. I came in this store because I can't find it in me to pay retail prices on clothes I'm only going to be wearing a few months as I'm 6mo pregnant. I was able to find a cute pair of jeans that fit but I know in about 2 weeks would be way too snug so I passed. I did grab the sperrys because they were brand new never worn. Maybe the last owner tried them on and shoved em in their closet but these bad boys were so dazzling and looked to good on my not-swollen-yet ankles. They do have a special every day of the week if I'm understanding that right... But avoid Wednesdays at all possible cost. senior discount day... Where all the seniors take 15min each to try on 3 items and end up not getting anything but housewares & knick knacks. Another thing which made me dock some points, the line was so long I ended up hiding the shoes and coming back later. Upon exiting I saw 4 employees smoking cigarettes right outside the business doors. I get it, you're stressed and need a smoke but that's a huge parking lot... Was there not enough places To go besides the front of your work to gossip and smoke?I will be back... Just not on a Wednesday
3	I went on a saturday afternoon and  i was surprised to find vintage bags because I thought they would be already gone by then. Im only giving them another star (insead of 3) because of the items I found, but honestly.... the prices are ridiculous. A lot of their shirts from forever 21, simple shirts, cute tops, where like $5.99-$7.99 really? I usually go to the one on flamingo, and I can find things from the same brands for $2.99 to $5.99 and ugh, just so much cheaper.
