5	Dr. Christiansen has been helping my family see better for several years now. My previous O.D.'s never explained to me that keratoconus was the reason my sight was blurred in my right eye. I'm glad he had the knowledge to catch that and is currently helping me to change from soft to rigid contact lenses.I recommend that anyone in need of an eye exam or lenses and frames stop by and say hello to your new friends at Clearvision at Pecos and Harmon. Vicky and the rest of the ladies in the office are very helpful and friendly. And they have a wide selection of frames to choose from.
5	I have been coming to dr. Christensen since I probably about 12 or 13... Never been nervous to come here because the staff is amazing!! I always recommend to all my friends and co workers.. They always explain everything and make it all easy to follow Love them!!
2	Nice selection of frames. However, it seems understaffed or staffed with indifferent personnel. I waited a half hour to pick up my $875 glasses while the clerk spent all his time with a woman who was trying on frames trying to make a decision. Finally, the receptionist gave me my glasses and told me to come back some other time to get them adjusted.
4	This is a really nice looking office big waiting area and not very busy. At first the lady at the front desk was kinda rude giving us a hard time about our insurance due to mix up with another office. I explained to her what our situation was and she finally got on the phone with our insurance company and straightened everything out. Took her all of five minutes so I was kinda of irritated that she she just do that from the beginning.   However after that our customer service was great. We were introduced to a nice young lady who was very knowledgeable on all the different glasses and knew a lot about how much our insurance would cover and what type of glasses work best with our prescription. She broke down all the materials, the prices, and the discounts. We we were in and out in 1 hour. We were very pleased!
1	Waited for 30 minutes to just pick up my frames. There were two people sitting at the desk doing nothing. Go else where if you care about customer service
5	Excellent experience here! They all have the patience of several saints. I have extremely difficult eyes to fit for contacts and I knew it was going to be an ordeal. Dr Christiansen was unfailingly patient and was always optimistic and offered several solutions & options. They are thorough, professional, and friendly.  I rarely have to wait for my appointment and am always greeted with smiles by everyone there. I have recommended several people to go there. I am 100% satisfied.
5	My son and I have been going to Dr. Christensen for about 4 years. Great Optometrist! Very friendly and helpful staff. Nice and clean office. Wide selection of brand name frames. Price varies... But I would recommend East Clearvision to anyone.
5	This review is based on only 1 appointment.My son recently brought up in conversation that he was having vision issues. After checking Yelp and the providers under my insurance,  my wife and I made the decision. To schedule an appointment for our son. It was really fast and easy to get an appointment scheduled. The staff is very friendly, informative and professional over the phone. What I like is they send out text reminders and allow you to confirm the appoint via text.Since I was able to give them my information over the phone, a lot of the insurance stuff was taken care of before we got there. A huge pet peeve of mine is getting to an appointment early or on time and then having to wait for an extended period of time. I had barely finished checking my son in when they called us back.My son went through all of the screenings pretty quickly and we were in the exam room in no time. He was seen by Dr Christiansen who took his time and explained what he was doing and made my son right at ease. After the exam he talked broke down the issue and treatment plan. He didn't talk down to me or my son, and answered every question thoroughly. My and scheduling my own vision. Check up, if I updated this review it's cause something went wrong, but I high suspect I won't need to.
4	I chose this provider because it was on my insurance.  The staff is very friendly and Dr. Waite is great. I needed new glasses and contacts and was pleased with the service. The only reason I do not give 5 stars is because I'm " forced to buy my contacts from them which are a lot more expensive than am online source I have used in the past. I would just like my prescriptions, so I can order the lenses.
5	What a great office! I was a little reluctant about coming here because it took a week to get in. I know sounds snobby of me but I gave em 5 stars so shut up! I just thought an eye exam wouldn't take that long to get into. I almost canceled but I'm glad I didn't. The doctor was very punctual, professional, thorough, and insightful. The entire staff did a good job explaining everything and the flow of the visit was great. I asked a lot of questions and the doctor was great T explaining things in depth. I spent a lot of face to face time with everyone and had minimal waiting time.It was my first eye check or exam and I couldn't imagine going anywhere else in the future. I highly recommend this clinic and Dr. Christensen. It's clean, modern, everyone who works there seems happy to be there, it's not crowded, there's plenty of parking.My only tip would be to make sure you bring a few hundred dollars or a credit card for the glasses because the cost adds up really quickly. The frame selection were all name brands like Rayban, Gucci, D&G, CK, ect. In the end I'm glad I didn't decide to cancel and go somewhere who could get me in sooner. I realize that I should have planned my visit further in advance as opposed to blaming the business. I have a follow up for next year already set up.
1	If I could put a negative -10 that would be my true rating for this place! I can not believe what I dealt with over the phone. If I wasn't in an office with 3 of my kids around me I would have been able to catch this women's name. With all that was going on I missed it. I first called to clear my son's insurance information that was on hold. I gave her my son's info and she said she would take car of it when she was done with a patient. Well we are in another office waiting for that to clear so after 5-10 mins I call back and the same lady answers. I inform her on our situation and that we need it cleared asap she talks over me and says we will get to it when we are done with our patients and hangs up the phone. The tone in her voice was so uncalled for and beyond unprofessional. I was so upset I called back and was able to speak with someone more helpful. Although she was nicer and was able to direct me to the original location I believe it was because she had to make up for her co-worker unprofessionalism. First off the reason why we didn't go through with this company on Pecos/Warmsprings was due to the lack of customer service. Not only due they lack personal service but even over the phone at the Pecos/Harmon location. I hope the management team that oversees these locations takes the time to re educate their staff on behavior it's one thing to lack in service it's another thing to disrespect clients. NEVER again will we be back!
3	I decided to give this eye center a try since it's in between my home and my grandparents (going for a convenient location). All the eye testings that I did, from the puff of air to your eye to the actual eye exam. I never saw them wipe down any of the chin/ forehead rest. I didn't see any alcohol wipes or some sort of cleanser even out on the counter.  Yes, it could be in the drawers but theres no trash of items like a cotton ball or wipe.  It only takes like at most 20 seconds to do.  At least they had soap that I could use to wash my hands with before I took out my contacts. Friendly staff though.
5	Best specialized healthcare professional experienced. There are Dr's that still care. Dr. C and staff are helpful, friendly, and committed. They provide personable Small town hospitality I grew up on. Upon an emergency Dr. C made himself available from home in the early morning hours. In a pickle today, granted I now live out of state, Joan, Lisa, & Dr. Christiansen took care of my situation with professional kindness, urgency, and respect. And at the right price. Free! Thank you.
