3	I seriously considered giving this Village Inn 4 stars.  I know.  It is the Village Inn.  Let me explain...  I had just finished an hour long torture session at Mesa Community College's track/playing fields with a group of friends. (1) We were Hungry (hungry with a capital "H").   None of us live in Mesa.  No Yelp due diligence had been completed on the area.  Someone mentioned seeing an IHop at the corner of Dobson and Southern.  Done.  We get there. My heart sinks.  It is not an IHop.  It is a Village Inn.  "Oh no," I thought secretly to myself, "NOT the Village Inn." (2)  But the collective decision had been made.  The group charged in.  Five minutes later, we were seated in a large u-shaped booth.  There were crumbs on the seat and little hand prints all over the mirror behind us.  Children were here before us.  A busboy promptly cleaned up the mess.  By this point, my expectations could not have gotten any lower.  I scanned the menu in despair thinking, "That sounds good, but can it be properly executed at a Village Inn?"  Our server, Danny D. arrived.  He greeted us with much enthusiasm and a genuine smile.   He began taking orders, making his way around the table.  By the time he got to me, I was still at a loss.  I looked at him and stated, "I have a problem with the menu."  "Okay... what's the problem."  "Nothing is quite what I want." I describe the breakfast that I do want, a veggie omelet with real eggs, buttermilk pancakes, and fruit on the side. (3)  "No problem.  We can do that."  My mood brightened.  After about 10 minutes the food arrived.  It looked pretty good.   And then I took a bite.  The eggs were light and fluffy, good veggie to omelet ratio, just the right amount of cheese, and piping hot.  Somewhat stunned, I stated, "Wow, this is actually really good."  My friends look similarly stunned.  My feelings were echoed.  "Yeah, my food is really good too."  "Me too."  "Me too."  "This is fantastic."   "My taste buds are so happy right now." To top it all off,  Danny D. was a total rock star server, circling back to bring extra condiments, more napkins, and fresh coffee throughout the meal, and always with a palpable sense of brightness and cheer.  Maybe it was a fluke experience.  Maybe we were all so hungry that dog food would have tasted good? But then again, maybe not.  Maybe this Village Inn is just a diamond in the rough?  Only time will tell.  (1) See my review regarding Iron Gloves Boxing located in Tempe, Arizona for more information.  (2)  My experience with this particular chain has not been good.  I have bad memories of going to a Village Inn in Albuquerque with my grandparents and being forced to eat rubbery inedible scrambled eggs. Sometimes with hair.(3)  The veggie omelet is a "healthy" menu item.  Ordered standard, it is made with egg substitute and served with whole grain pancakes.
4	This was the second time I've been to a Village Inn, but the first time I have actually ordered food.  Both trips involved bad service or at least service that was understaffed for the crowd.  My husband had seen a commercial for a breakfast skillet on TV that was apparently very enticing.  So we mapped out our chores for the day and found a Village Inn along our path.Our waiter was very friendly and helpful, but obviously frazzled.  He helped me narrow down our choices by answering our questions about the menu.  I ordered 2 eggs, hash browns, sausage and rye toast.  The husband ordered a sausage skillet.  To our amazement, the plates that were presented to us a short time later, LOOKED EXACTLY LIKE THE PICTURES ON THE MENU. This is the first time in Arizona that I received hash browns that were actually brown.  What a concept!! And not just brown on the top. Nooo, these babies were browned on both sides. Crispy, yummy and BROWN hash browns.  And I didn't ask for them to be cooked that way.  Every other restaurant in Arizona does such a pisspoor job of browning hash browns, that I've completely given up on asking for my potatoes to be done "dark."  I usually end up with a plate of mushy potato shreds dripping with butter substitute.  Gross. I've come to the point that I ignore that the potatoes are even there.But before my very eyes is a plate with the potatoes cooked just right, eggs exactly how I asked them to be cooked, tasty sausage links and two thick pieces of marble rye.  That's a lot of food when you plan on actually eating the potatoes.My husband was equally pleased with his skillet.  We both couldn't believe that there was a chain in Arizona that actually had a decent breakfast, and that we failed to realize it until 5 months before we leave the state.  :(
3	I have eaten here a handful of times, and its an okay place.  It's not a trendy resturant, nor is it the best food you will ever eat.  Its tasty enough to scarf down and walk away feeling full.The service here was okay, and they have a decent menu with decent prices as well.   Not bad, just not the greatest.
4	Well hello newly revamped VI!! Very cute and modern. It moved it from 3.5 to 4 stars for that reason. I am not a person who is a fan of chains, more of a ma and pop type girl myself but when its done right, I've gotta give credit where its due. So I grabbed Easter brunch here because the other places I wanted to try was closed. I had the healthy banana stuffed, strawberry topped whole grain pancakes. Very good! I didn't need butter or syrup which is considered a victory in my book! My family had this and thats which they enjoyed as well. My cousin had a skillet which looked much better than what I had experienced at Crackers and Co the day before! My biggest complaints have to be the fact that they use Minute Maid oj and the coffee was awful!!!! Seriously could have been the worst coffee I ever tried to choke down!! But mmmm those pancakes! The server was friendly as well which made things better.
5	After a horrible experience at Mimi's Cafe, we went to Village Inn.  Very promptly we were seated, our orders taken, and the appetizers were delivered.  We had hardly eaten half of our soup/salad, before our entrees arrived.  Very good food, nice portions, and prompt attention by the waiter, Jamie.  Our drink glasses were never more than half full, and he visited us several times to check on our needs.  He also was very knowledgable of the menu offerings, and informed us of the specials during the week and the pie specials.   We'll be back, Jamie!!!  Thank you for a very pleasant experience!!!!
3	The food is good, service is solid, and portions & prices are fair to average.  The decor is also contemporary compared to a similar place like Denny's.The booths don't allow for much privacy because they are so low.  If you are into eavesdropping you might like it, but I personally don't enjoy clearly hearing all the conversations going on around me.
4	Ah, good 'ol standby Village Inn, where else could I, a quasi-nut case get great food at such a late hour? The manager misses us when we are not there to envelope the place with our gloominess. The service is really great and the food is always good. This is a much better choice over Denny's because they are cheap and the food portions are better than Denny's. Good place to wander over to after coming out of Shirt's 'n' Things.I recommend the pie. It's free on Wednesdays
3	This location I have visited twice and even though the service last time was excellent, the service this time was just okay. The server although he was friendly took a long time to get our drink and breakfast orders which was unusual because you figure that if the server sat you himself he would have taken the drink order faster! Anyway the food is average but well above average of other breakfast places like Denny's or IHOP. I am sure the service will be better next time but for right now this location still earns that rating.
1	When I ate here yesterday it was my worst "dining out" experience of all time.  Then I went out to eat tonight, so we will say second worst dining out experience of all time.We were greeted by a very lethargic and disinterested hostess.  She took us to a booth about 3 feet from the door.  I think it was because she was too tired to walk any further.  Her voice was barely audible, zero eye contact, and a thuggish-looking boyfriend? of hers (definitely not an employee) was hanging out behind the counter waiting for her to come back.  Our waitress then came along and asked what we wanted to drink before our butts even hit the crappy booth seats.  We both looked at her blankly because we are not "Diet Coke" drinkers.  We liked a variety of beverages and wanted a moment to think.She left and came back at least 10 minutes later.  Okay, I wanted to glance at the drinks before I ordered - not memorize the menu.She was one of those waitresses that thinks you are college buddies.  She tried to take our order without writing it down.  She failed.  She asked a person passing by, "Do you have a pen?"  Then she laughed and said, "Yeah, I can't remember this."  Then she repeated our order back to us - wrong.  Our food came out in a pretty timely manner.  Too bad it was GROSS!Husband's:  Grease-dripping, flavorless hamburger.  Cold fries that tasted like mashed potatoes with nothing on them.  Mine:  Tomato basil soup so old that the oil had separated from the soup.  The grilled cheese I had asked for without bacon came out WITH bacon.  She caught that.  Said she would have them remake it because it only takes a minute.  It came back out MOMENTS later - cold and with little bits of bacon stuck to it.  How convincing!As we were leaving the hostess came over in a timely enough manner, but then literally FELL ASLEEP while she was ringing us out.  Her eyes closed and she was swaying.  She opened them and APOLOGIZED, saying she was "so tired."  Again, barely audible.Food:  Awful.Service:  Awful.Professionalism:  Awful.Cleanliness:  Awful.Overal experience:  Awful.  $30 for dinner for two.  Seriously?!
4	I been trying to come here for almost 1 year. I was craving for some sweet stuff and they have  a good variety of pies. Oreo and my mom got the Pecan and caramel one. Good service, clean, and worth to try again!
4	Went there for breakfast.Food was great and the service, Danny was superb! Wednesday free pie night is usually a hit when in the mood for awesome pie. Was a little sad when I found that they no longer have the awesome cheese soup...lol ;)
2	Decent food with borderline ghetto service. ....think Dave Chappelle's "Pop Copy" sketch with slightly better corporate training.
5	Since Marie Callender's across the street closed- I've been sad. But Village Inn is still here! I LOVE their strawberry crepes! Today that's what I had for brunch- along with coffee, orange juice, bacon, poached eggs and a tiny bowl of fruit. They offer free pie on Wednesdays- but I was so full today I had to decline. Village Inn also makes GREAT French toast- with REAL French bread! Yummy! Sorry Norm- I forgot to take a pic of my meal- I was so hungry I just ate!!
3	Decent diner food with tasty pies.  It's kind of like a more upscale version of Denny's, but with more selection.  I like to come here on Pie Rush Wednesdays, where you can get a free slice of pie with dinner purchase.  They currently have a seasonal Hawaiian strawberry pie that is pretty tasty!  As for their breakfasts, generally I've been pretty satisfied with their skillet meals.
4	I was craving pie and beer after watching fireworks on fourth of july. It was about 10:30 and the Village Inn closed at midnight so I listened to yelp and decided to pick up some pie here. The manager was really friendly and I decided on the strawberry rhubarb pie. The pie was soooooo good. Better than Marie Callendars! I definitely plan on coming here on a wednesday to try out the other pies for free! YUM.
4	As far as the chain breakfast -y places go, Village Inn gets top marks. This is my go-to pie spot PLUS you get free pie on wednesday if you order anything....like a coffee....so pretty excellent. The BF and I went here tonight (for free pie) and got breakfast for dinner.... They have the same idea as Denny's build your own grand slam, but I like this one because there are way more options and pretty good options too like crepes, waffles, omelets....all kinds of fancy stuff (for a place like this anyway). The service has always been good for me at this location, especially from the (I think...) manager. Everyone is friendly. I'd definitely hit this place up for a fairly reasonably priced breakfast....not for a wonderful super creative breakfast....just a....I need a decent breakfast for a decent price type. Go local if you want something special.
4	Not a bad place considering the area. I went here with a couple co-workers as they were craving pie. So that's all we had and it was pretty good.
3	Your basic Denny's alternative.  Not fantastic, but lives up to it's own not-so-lofty standard, if that makes sense.  Not as risky as hitting a Waffle House at 3am, though just as hazardous to your health, if you choose unwisely from the rather extensive breakfast menu.  Predictibly decent - seems to never excel, nor disappoint.
2	My husband and I were in the area and we have been to this place a good couple of times, but our last experience has left us a bitter taste in our mouths. We get seated, we waited and waited and waited. We never had a waiter or waitress come by our table even to take our drink orders! I finally got pissed threw the menus on the counter walked out.
4	I dropped in randomly on way to airport, when visiting Phoenix. I wanted to avoid chains, but that is getting harder to do, and this place at least had a local feel even though it is a chain. While I was there, the waitress I had greeted at least 2 people by name, so that's a good sign. The French toast was very good, with a vanilla flavor. The coffee was also good, although I tend to like mine not too strong, so maybe it would taste weak to Starbucks regulars. What I really liked was that I got a thermos of coffee for myself, so I could top off when I wanted. The service was good, waitress friendly, and it was a pleasant breakfast experience. There were also some awesome looking pies at the counter, but I was full and it was a little early for pie. =)
1	My daughter and I went in here the first time in mid September about a week after my granddaughter was born at lunch time and we both ordered breakfast foods. The food was pretty good the service was good as far as I remember and I wanted to go back sometime,  maybe try the lunch menu. We went back last night and had a totally different experience. It was late and we did have 2 children with us, the baby who is now 3 months old and her 2 year old brother. We had just been to the Phoenix Children's Museum for their free Friday night sponsored by Target and we were all tired and hungry. We came in here in the hope that we could get something to eat so we wouldn't have to cook when we got home. In fact we picked this place because it is a "family restaurant"  and we expected it to be "kid-friendly".   Wrong. The  little boy was understandably fussy so I appreciate that this was not something fun for the waiter but at the same time when you're in the service industry sometimes you just have to deal with it when things happen like a fussy 2 year old. We did the best we could to keep it under control. I ended up taking him outside twice to soothe and distract him. We ordered his meal first and asked the waiter could he please make sure that got put in while we decided what we wanted to eat and actually the 2 year old was fine once his food arrived (until he'd finished eating his fill). It took us awhile to order because of the distractions. I ordered a fancy grilled cheese sandwich with bacon, side of onion rings, my daughter got a cheeseburger with french fries, he got some sort of chicken tenders Kids Meal with french fries, which we were all munching on because we were hungry. Because he was tired he started getting antsy again once he was done. I finally convinced my daughter to call the dad and have him come get the child so we could eat in peace. I waited to ask our server for a container to put the rest of the toddler's food in but he never showed up so I chucked the water out of a paper cup and put the food in there. I went up to the manager at the cash register to let him know I was stepping outside just to give the food to the mom and he ignored me and didn't respond, even picked up the phone as if he was making a phone call. Rude! I just didn't want him to think I was skipping out on the bill. The bottom line is that the waiter, Lyle, was  not polite to us. He was as cranky as the 2 year old. I understand it was difficult for him but it's his job to be as pleasant as possible to his customers regardless and we certainly weren't doing or saying anything to be rude to him. Obviously we were struggling just to be able to order and to read the menu. He let it be known he was not happy with us which I'm NOT used to. I'm used to a really nice waiters and waitresses and servers and just don't have a problem with people because I'm a nice friendly person myself. I pretty much always tip 20%, I mean it's been years since I left less than a 20% tip, I can't even REMEMBER the last time I left less than 20%. But last night our bill came to $ 21.89 and I just added added  $1.11 to the credit card receipt because the service was so bad.  From the time he brought the food till we were done and sitting there waiting, it was 30 minutes and he never even stopped by to see if there was anything else we needed, and we could've used more napkins and water. The manager was also very unfriendly. I'm staying in a motel and eat out everyday so I know how servers and managers are supposed to act. This place has had several other reviewers complain about the service and management and I wonder why they don't heed the criticisms and try to improve. I know I won't be back, and neither  will my daughter. Mesa has a plethora of wonderful little restaurants and cafes with good food, and good service and good prices so there's no reason to patronize a place that doesn't measure up. I've been the person behind the counter who had difficult customers and unruly children and I did my best to tolerate and help them out so they would leave with a favorable impression of my business and want to return. Nobody ever died from being nice.
3	The food and service is OK, but the free Wi-Fi is a great bonus for those late night study/eat cravings.
1	The food was fine. However, the service was awful. The place was not busy, but the waitress did not come check on us one time. We waited for our drinks to be filled for the entire stay. The food was just blah, prices were definitely a rip off. We were right in front of the cashier and there was a freely available staff that was inattentive.
3	The manager apparently was understaffed when we arrived, and didn't do a great job of handling it, which is funny because we didn't have to wait that long to be seated, order, or get our food, he just gave kinda bad service when he didn't really have to. Other than that, exactly what you'd expect from a chain breakfast place. Friendly staff, just an overworked manager maybe.
4	Came here to pick up a pie we ordered. We love their pies and order them occasionally to have for get togethers, parties, etc. This restaurant is your typical All-American place. This day, it wasn't particularly busy, which made it easy for me to get in and out with my pie simple. The holidays, this place gets PACKED and so does the requests for pie, so if you choose to order their pies for the holidays, be sure to book in advance because they sell out fast!
4	Great Breakfast! And priced pretty reasonably almost cheap actually! The server was terrific! She took all three orders without writing a single thing down and delivered us our food exactly as we asked for it! And food was brought quickly and hot!!Definitely going back!add on - The boyfriend and his BFF go often and are always happy with the food and service!
4	I hadn't been to this Village Inn in Mesa for probably 7 or 8 years, but a cross-valley furniture moving trip and decision to rendezvous in it's conveniently en route parking lot to collect a friend's tax docs while hungry(!) lead our full 2 car crew of 7 inside for a late breakfast. The place was nearly full, but we were seated quickly.  The interior had been refurbished sometime since I had been there last and looked neat, clean, and less worn on the inside.  The food was really really good all around, reasonably priced, and generous in portion. Service was friendly, efficient, and remarkably attentive considering the crowd.  The strawberry crepes my friend recommended were delicious, the bacon had a good flavor and did not have the slightly stale taste I've noted at two separate  places recently, and my eggs were a perfectly cooked over-easy.  Good food, good service, good value, and nobody walked out hungry.   I have certainly had much poorer service (and food) in much more fashionable and more expensive places. My compliments.
2	Went for family breakfast.  Our server was the service captain, I think her name started with a K, it was 2 weeks ago.  Everything for the most part was just okay, nothing great.  She was kinda of slow with everything and thought she could remember everything, but couldn't even remember to bring lemons for water.  She wasn't the nicest either, kinda of that fake nice thing that a lot of servers tend to do, but would have been portrayed better if she hadn't been rolling her eyes.Not crispy bacon means the bacon will bend!  I always ask for bacon that is not crispy.There was a hair in my brother-in-law's pancake.  They didn't seem mortified or like it was something that doesn't normally happen.  For that reason alone, I will never go back there.
5	I have always had a good experience here. Staff, food, everything is nice and service is great.
2	This review is based on one visit at 9:00 PM on a weeknight. There were six of us looking for somewhere to eat where we could sit down and talk and have a late dinner after a very busy day. The village Inn filled that need. It was clean if somewhat dated looking. I'm sure it was the style in 1970 or so. But ambiance was not the low spot. The wait staff was efficient But the food, well, that was not memorable. It wasn't bad per se, but it wasn't good either. It filled the hole in the stomach but it wasn't the least bit tasty. This was the opinion of most at the table, my daughter said average. We left with the hungry feeling gone but certainly no feeling of satisfaction either.  It wasn't bad but we definitely could have put our dining dollar to better use.
3	I love a breakfast place that has healthy options and free pie :-)
1	Visit #1 Extremely poor service. The waitress was rude and obviously poorly trained. She dropped the food and drinks off at the side of the table, was a bit sassy, frowning, and never came to check on us or ask if we needed anything else. As someone who has worked in the service industry, I know its not that hard to at least pretend you like your job and do things right. My friend's icecream had hair in it, the mocha I got was just an iced coffee, and another friend's sprite was extremely watery. To top it off, the manager wasn't even apologetic and seemed completely unconcerned with our less-than-enjoyable experience. I eat out frequently, and have of course had some crappy servers and food, but this was one of the worst.Visit #2 Tried it again to see if maybe it was just a bad day for them... Was still really let down. My friend received her pie that had whipped cream in the picture with no whipped cream. Upon asking for some, she was informed that she would be charged $3 for it... She then pointed out that it was on the picture, which the waiter then went on to argue that it was something else. However, he did go off to ask a manager afterwards and bring her some whipped cream - free of charge. We both got this lemonade drink with blueberries in it. The blueberries were shriveled and seemed very old + tasted weird.
4	Been going here every Sunday after church for a few years now , and its hard to find a small town feel in a city that is so populated but we have with them , food is great and prices reasonable well done to the staff and Managment
1	My boyfriend and I went here on June 22, 2014 around dinner time, we been there about twice now at that location.  The first time we were there we enjoyed it and thought the food was great, but this time around was just a bad experience with a horrible waitress.  My boyfriend order a coke and I had an ice tea with a lemon in it, and the slice wedge lemon was old and smelled like it was sitting in a fridge for awhile uncovered and the coke was warm and flat and the ice was melting away already, but she did take the coke back and brought out a new one.  Than I ordered the chicken fried steak with broccoli and mashed potatoes and it is suppose to come with a biscuit too, but instead I received Texas toast, which disappointed but ok with, however the waitress never even said anything why I received Texas Toast rather than a biscuit.  And my broccoli was cold and by the looks of it old too, did not taste very well either.  With my meal it was either a soup or salad and was not offered either and didn't even have the chance to tell her which one I wanted too.  So did not get my soup or salad. My boyfriend just had a turkey sandwich with a Cesar salad and the sandwich, which he said was ok. The waitress dropped our food off with the ticket and we thought that was rude and didn't say a word after. She never came back to refill his coke or my ice tea or even to check on us if the food was ok or if we needed anything and after we finished our meal we sat there for seven minutes until she finally came by and asked if we were going to order pies... umm yeah we wanted two slice of pies and with a new ticket she came back and seeing our cups were empty we hoped she would come back to refill our drinks but no. We ate our pies with no drink. We both sat there thirsty waiting for her to come by at least so we can tell her we would like a refill or water but she never did. My boyfriend did not finish his pie because he needed something to drink because the peanut butter pie was overly sweet and sticky in the mouth.  Hard to finish without liquid.  We were  disappointed, plus the other waitress for the table behind us was amazing she was great too bad she was not our waitress.  top it all off they were not busy and we kept seeing our waitress doing nothing and walking back and forth in the back doing nothing too and tended to another table more than us. And the other table was just one guy that was a regular there. We waited to see if she would at least stop by our table to check up on us but never did once so we just got up and paid for our meal and left!! Just horrible service and not so great food at this Village Inn.  It is not a very hard job to be a waitress and serve your customers and make sure they are satisfy and have what they need and drinks filled, but apparently its hard for her.  I was a waitress before and I can say its not hard to do that job!! So Stacy learn to do your job a bit better and maybe some more training at that too!!
3	Three stars only because the service was bad and the coffee was lukewarm. I enjoyed the food and it was a good value.
1	been coming here once a week for 6 months.  always a great meal.  chicken fried steak and eggs was my fave.  until this last Saturday.  waited 15 minutes for a waitress, when she arrived she asks what I would like.  well how about some water.  5 minutes for water and I could count the guests on one hand.  I ordered my usual.  runny eggs and the steak was pure salt.  the hash browns were raw.  when the pancakes arrived she wouldn't look me in the eye and never asked if I wanted coffee or anything else to drink.  she left the receipt without a word.  when I went to pay the manager asked if he could talk me into a pie.  never asking if I enjoyed my meal.  too bad, losing my favorite morning spot.
5	How can you beat a location that offers free pie with any purchase on Wednesdays?Service is always excellent.  The one time, a year ago, when our "regular" waitress was out, the manager felt so bad for the service related issues, that he made sure to help us out to make up for it.Definitely my favorite "diner style" find in all of the greater Phoenix area.
3	My experience was good service but sometimes slow. Average food. Delicious and very wide variety pies. Very good shakes
2	Very short review, Village Inn let down today. It was Wednesday, which means it was free pie day. Usually when you're done with the meal, or when they bring out your food, they'd either ask you, "are you getting a free slice of pie today?" This is probably the first time it has happened. A free pie wasn't even mentioned. I didn't just order a drink to get a free slice of pie, I ordered a full breakfast item with a coffee.
1	Used to like this place now it's sucking more and more each time I go this was my last visit when I ordered country crepes and I got hash and eggs even the coke was flat
4	Best pies in town. Caramel pecan silk supreme pie is heaven. The food is good as well.
