5	Tuesday 11/16/10 head down to Ethel M factory for the annual "Lighting of the Cactus Garden". Was told there will be 3D lights that with the glasses provided will make it seem like snow falling! There are also several beautifully decorative boxes with delightful chocolates inside. They make wonderful Holiday gifts. Today I picked up a box of my favorites, nuts and caramels. Having been visiting with family at "The Cal" I wondered upstairs and found myself staring at boxes of sweet chocolates and couldn't resist. If only they made no sugar added, or low carb candies! But none the less this is a nice treat from the ordinary. Cost is a little high but after all, Ethel M's are the high end chocolates for Mars.
4	This is my parents' favorite chocolate store ever! Their milk chocolate coins is what they ask for someone to bring back every time. The workers here are very friendly and professional. They offer samples and engage with customers to help you find what you need.  There was a cute box called the cocktail collection that I wanted to buy before coming home. The only ones from that collection that were being individually sold were the margarita and mojito. Although, it is very cute, I got a stomach ache after eating them and decided not to buy the box collection even though I wanted to try the rest of the cocktails like the martini. I went back on my last day staying at the Cal to see if they had any of the other cocktails for sale before I made my final decision on the box set but they did not. The worker made a great suggestion that the licquer chocolates (in the shape of a barrel) packed more alcohol flavor. I decided not to buy it since I had my heart set on the cute cocktail ones over the barrel shaped-ones. On the upside, my parents bought the load of milk chocolate coins and got 10% off as well as an Ethel M's reusable tote bag!
4	The chocolates here are like $2 a piece unless you get a box.  My mom has always loved the candy here so I usually will get her some when I see an Ethel M.  This place is definitely a step higher than See's candy and the variety is a bit smaller.  However, if you are a big chocolate fan, you need to try these chocolates.
4	Conveniently located on the mezzanine level (2nd floor) of The California Hotel, and just steps away from the escalator to the main casino floor. Yes, it's expensive. However you get a quality product. Love the little mini chocolate bars that make great gifts to bring home. Also found a new favorite: Milk chocolate krisp bark bars. Wish they come individually wrapped but these are enclosed in the display case. They also sell these in a nicely packaged 3 pak for $10.00. Getting these again for sure.
