4	Newly opened no frills supermarket import from the UK with interesting ethnic food selection.The fruits and vegetables wrapped in clear plastic sitting on black crates reminds me of my neighborhood Tesco's from my days in London. Cool thing about this one is the variety of products carried on the shelves.  When's the last time you're seen tripe or pig's feet at Albertson's or Safeway.  And hooray, I can finally buy Chaokoh (the only good brand of coconut milk) in Scottsdale without having to trek all the way down to Lee Lee's or Ranch Market. Great selection of fresh meats and cheeses.  The only place apart from Trader Joe's that I've seen unpasteurized orange juice, which by the way tastes way better because heat kills the fresh taste.Much-needed addition to an area saturated by the boring standards.
3	It seems to me that you need to be either Fresh...or Easy.  Easy usually means processed.  I don't do processed.  I was actually wrinkling my nose at the number of processed foods.  Don't get me wrong, I liked the produce section.  Bigger than TJ's, better quality produce than Sprouts.  So I'll be back for that I'm sure.   (Although I was surprised to see pre cut veggies.  Unlike Rachael Ray I have the ability to cut my own veggies.)  The prepared meals are great to grab on the way home, the sandwiches and salads are great to grab for lunch.  But it really fell short in other areas.The mix of individual, organic, and "big box store" items is random.  The meat is expensive.  They were missing things that I normally get at TJ's like protein powder, non fat yogurt (they only had low fat), quality frozen vegetables (Jolly Green Giant?  For real?), cheddar cheese sticks....and a bunch of other items.  The deli meat they had was processed a little too much for my liking. (I'm pretty sure I've never seen a cylindrical turkey) The store itself is well laid out but I really don't see it becoming my grocery store.  I think I'll stick to TJ's for the bulk of my shopping and stop in here for produce.
4	While not a full-on supermarket, Fresh & Easy fills most of my needs.  Good selection of cheeses at a good price, nice looking produces, some canned and frozer stuff for those lazy days (most days).  And easy pricing, plus their many coupons make this an easy choice on my wallet.
5	Sad to say I've given up on Trader Joe's since I found this place. Sad, because T.J's started in my hometown of Pasadena, California, but this place ROCKS!!!! We have a full-size freezer in our garage, and I stock up on sale items and bargains from here all the time. Now. we just yank something from our freezer- steaks, chicken, sausage, hamburger meat, etc., defrost, and cook it up that evening. Wifey and I average about 5 bucks a meal this way, absolutely incredible! I have only come across 2 or 3 items of theirs I didn't like, mayonnaise to be one of them, but all their stuff seems pretty good. Bargains on bread and tortillas are great, they have a great assortment of nuts and desserts (I'm not a dessert guy, but the prices and selections are cool), and I love the grill pack- an assortment of marinated chicken, hamburger patties, and sausage, feeds 4-6, all for TEN BUCKS! Great deals, hybrid parking for us Prius drivers, diet coke always $5.99 a case (24 pack), organic and healthy stuff, packaged meals for convenience, and fresh cheap sushi... Can't beat this place!
4	This place is right down the street for me !! This has been both a good, and very very bad  thing...This place attempts to imitate trader joes- but its certainly different, layouts of the store are more industrial and one could say "functional"- trader joes has a more comfortable "homey" environment in their stores that can be quite inviting- persuading you to STAY in longer! Trader Joes has TONS of prepared foods- thats their distinctive point, and most of it is frozen but it is quite good. Fresh and easy has some frozen packaged foods, but its mostly fresher "ready to microwave" items- but I havent found them to be flavorful. I think overall TJ has more variety and quality, Fresh and Easy is also quite good for its price point though- very affordable! The Staff at the Fresh and Easy are wonderful- extremely helpful and friendly- no other store has anything comparable It doesnt feel "fake" ! they have great items on sale depending on the week- so check them out :)! Fresh and Easy is a blend of Fry's and TJ- with a more community-like feelI really like their fresh-wild seafood like scallops and salmon
4	I didn't know what to expect when I pulled into the parking lot.  Was it a TJs knockoff?  A  ghetto version of Whole Foods?  Or, a churched-up version of Smart & Final?  Things became clearer once I walked in.  It was actually something different (although those initial questions did have merit). Essentially, it was a new grocery store...or, new to me (at least).Aisles had loads of typical grocery products, many of them private labeled.  All seemingly priced well.  Def had good prices on wines that I've never seen before (similar to TJs), and competitive prices on wines that I did know.  Staff was really friendly and helpful.  And, lastly, a lot of UK product, which homesick expats might dig on.Good place.  Will be back.
5	Love this place! Best part, they give there left over food to a food bank!
4	Fresh & Easy is the US subsidiary of UK based grocer Tesco who entered the American market in 2007.  I know Tesco really well and they are smart business folks who know their market.  Fresh & Easy has been opening stores all over the Phoenix area and have been using $20 and $10 coupons to build market share.  I give them a lot of credit for doing this.I also have been shopping here for a long time and appreciate their eye on packaging food items for the busy consumer.  One of my favorites is their rosemary focaccia bread dough.  I've made it at home, but Fresh & Easy make it ohhh so easy when I'm tired and it's 6:45.BTW, thanks for the Hybrid parking space!
5	This is one of the best food stores in town. The staff are friendly & helpful. The store is always spotless & very well stocked. Their checkouts are all fully automated and they have a ton of them so there's alkmost never any line, you just scan everything yourself and swipe your card to pay. While you are doing that there is usually someone who will come by and bag for you. They often have boxes for you to leave your receipt in so a local school can get credit for your purchases and then money is donated to that school, F&E is a great store for small families down to as few as a couple or even a single person. They always have good specials & they usually have some organic items too. Look out for their samples, it always makes shopping here fun. If you like English foods, they have more than most since they are owned by Tesco which is one of the largest supermarket chains in the world. Tesco has massive supermarkets in the UK and here in the US they have set up F&E as a chain of smaller stores, but as a company they really know how to conduct business. Look for Heinz Baked Beans which come in cans and are good heated and served on buttered toast. Another English favorite which they have in cans is a sponge pudding called "Spotted Dick" - don't knock it till you've tried it!! In England it's usually served with custard (English style - they sell packets of Bird's custard which is made by mixing the powdered contents in the envelope/packet with milk while heating slowly. This dish (custard) easily develops a skin on top which most people find pretty gross, so heat it carefully and follow the instructions carefully. I personally prefer Golden Syrup on my spotted dick, which is a treacle like thick syrup but F&E don't carry Golden Syrup. However, if you find a store that sells English items they will sometimes have Tate & Lyle's Golden Syrup - it comes in a can with a lid that you pop off them re-seal for storing the unused portion, rather like a tea can. Drizzle one teaspoon of golden syrup over the warmed spotted dick for a rare treat!! You can sometimes find English products, including Golden Syrup, at World Market.
4	This is a nice small grocery store thats great for me since I live 2 minutes away. Theres others that are close as well, but when I'm in a hurry or don't need that many things, I like going here because I can be in and out in less than 10 minutes. There are never long lines to check out and everything is easy to find. One of the things I like is the way they package some of their produce--its usually grouped in a convenient pack... ie. pack of lemons/limes, pack of bell peppers. The prices are very reasonable, and if you get their mailer, theres always coupons off your total bill! They have a good selection of organic food options as well!
5	I absolutely love this store!  Everything is yummy and healthy for your family.  The prepared meals and sides are excellent and make your life so easy.  I shop here before I shop anywhere else.
5	Fresh and Easy... They have great prices, and they have GREAT veggies!  If you are looking for a tasty, tasty salad, then come here.  Their ingredients look like they just came from the field.  Fresh, crisp lettuce.  Water-dripping tomatoes... And don't even get me started on the cucumbers!  All in all, I went here for a salad, so for that, the review may be a little skewed... But in terms of my experience, I give this place two thumbs up!!!
4	Small Selection but good food... makes me feel heathy when i shop there haha.
5	Finally a grocery store in Scottsdale that isn't trying to rob me. Don't get me wrong, I like Safeway, Albertson's and Basha's, but come on, what's with the sky high prices? I like good food and variety, but I don't wanna go broke either shopping for it. Fresh & Easy was made for me. THANK YOU for the discount sections.
4	Favorite place for groceries. Good prices on staples. Sign up for the e-newsletter and you'll get a weekly coupon.My love for Fresh and Easy is widely known.  I am a very capable cook; I'm just busy.  I love, love, love several things about F&E:     - Smaller store size makes it easy to navigate     - Good prices on staples; plus they carry a lot of store branded stuff     -  50% off stuff that's reached the sell by date.  Just put it in the freezer people.Negatives are - small selection generally, Fresh produce is laughable and a lot of space is taken up with ready to heat and eat items.  Now, I love the heat and eat stuff, but if that's not your gig, you'll find some things missing.I get weekly coupons that reduce my grocery bill about 20%.  They carry a store branded wine for $2.99/bottle that is actually pretty good.  The staff are really friendly and helpful and I genuinely like shopping there.
4	Great location! Can't go wrong w/Fresh & Easy - it truly does live up to its name. Don't forget to skim over their "clearance" section if you're okay w/use/freeze by same day. Pretty good deals!LOVE their dried, unsweetened mango pieces. Such a great snack!
3	Located in our neighborhood, this Fresh & Easy is convenient, but disappointing.  Normally, I rate them 4 Stars.  This one only gets 3 Stars because they seem to run out of product all the time.  I love the IL Fornaio Italian Bread they sell.  However, many times this location will run out of it and there won't be any in stock.  This is at 5 or 6 pm, when I get off of work.  The Bread is what separates them from the rest in my eyes.  Look at all of the empty spots on this pic, it's very common to find the bread shelf like this:http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/fresh-and-easy-neighborhood-market-scottsdale?select=tJ8iGjcbgMPuYAVeNfBlXg#tJ8iGjcbgMPuYAVeNfBlXgOther than the Bread issue, this place is OK.  Return Factor - 50%
3	Just came from shopping at this Fresh & Easy store. This is my local Fresh & Easy store. I have shopped here since they first opened. I probably spend about $600 a month here. You could say I am one of their best customers. The problem? They don't realize it. Tonight, I spent over $50 but left my $5 coupon sitting on my kitchen island. When I asked the clerk if he had a coupon, he said no. This is not the first time I have asked for a coupon and been declined. It doesn't matter if I spend $100 or more, the answer is always the same. No coupon. Also, the clerk on duty had absolutely no customer service skills whatsoever. Frankly, I have had it with this store. The store at Scottsdale and Shea is much friendlier and they almost always have a coupon on hand if you forget yours. So, Goodbye Frank Lloyd Wright Fresh and Easy. It won't be as convenient for me to go to Scottsdale and Shea, but it will be a much more pleasant experience. Having said this, there is one clerk at the Frank Lloyd Wright store who has been there since day one, and is the greatest. Really friendly and helpful. Wish I knew his name. Thanks anyway for making my shopping experience at this store a great one. They are fortunate to have you.
2	Beware of what you are buying.  They advertize no preservatives but 99% of their products have preservatives in them coupled with soy and everything they sell is genetically modified.  they do not have anything which is healthy even though they try to say they do...even there own brands are filled with genetically modified ingredients, soy and are unhealthy for you...beware of buying anything organic from them as they false advertise here as well - organic does not mean non-gmo so that organic chicken you are buying and paying high price for is still loaded with genetically modified foods and the chickens are not healthy...make sure you know that the labels mean as fresh and easy tries to trick you into buying stuff which are not worth it.  very over priced un healthy food, hopefully the new owner will change things.
4	The fruits and vegetables are fresh and pasteurized . There are great selections of fresh meats and cheeses.  i like shopping here.
3	Over the last few months, Fresh and Easy has been morphing into a Convenience Store. It's less a traditional grocer now. F & E business model was setup for the professional or working couples, who were on the go and just wanted to stop by to grab something quick. Well, now they've taken that concept to the next level and removed several aisles (primarily soda) to make room for coffee and drink kiosk, along with chairs and tables.  I'm not sure how that is working out for them, since there is a AM/PM right next door doing a brisk business. When I was here recently it was empty. The Fry's up on Shea and 90th has a wine bar and they're always packed. Go figure.
