4	A quiet store in a sleepy shopping center...but don't pass it by! Stop in, look around, and you'll find fresh spices, freezers full of items, and friendly employees. There is talk about making part of this a cafe, but right now, they only sell some fresh baklava and cookies from a Turkish bakery. Some of my favorite items are olives in the back, bags of mixed nuts in the front, and lots of bags of rice or spices. If you need a hookah or Middle Eastern wall decor, they have that here too. I'm glad I found this store, I'll be back to stock up whenever Arabic cuisine is on the menu at my house!
4	Looking for a dozen varieties of grape leaves/dolma or haloumi cheese?  How about a new hookah?  This place has got it.  Like many of the mom-and-pop type ethnic marts, the selection is good on the staples.  Here it's things like olives, kefir and other yogurt drinks, Turkish delight candies, and like Faith D. said in her review, mixed nuts, spices and baklava. The store is run by very friendly Middle Eastern folks who are happy to explain what certain items are, and suggest treats. Judging by the dust on some of the canned goods, I suspect not all items have a fast turnover.  (The demand probably isn't as high.)  I wouldn't let this deter you from checking out the shop, and picking up some unique items.
1	New restaurant just opened in grocery shop. On Sunday 4/29/12 I went in for kebab.Cost of plate of food was $9.00. I ordered 2 lamb kebab skewers,  salad and hummus. Service was terrible. I was the only patron in the restaurant and had to wait over 30 minutes. Portion served was disappointing: 8 pieces of 1 inch chewy lamb cube kebab, 3 tablespoonful of salad that looked like "pico de gallo" and the same amount of delicious smooth hummus. They offered me bread and I declined.  I have been to Middle Eastern restaurants where they serve whole lot food for $9.00. This restaurant is stingy with their portions. I am not returning there soon.
5	Tiny cafe, located in the very back.  Excellent food!  Even the rice is tasty!  I loved it!
4	So pleased to find a Lebanese cafe in Pineville! Very good. I hope it thrives and grows. We need places like this in the Charlotte area. Nice people; yummy, healthy, fresh food.
2	The major complaint I have about this cafe is GOAT/Lamb Meat. The Meat they sell is not at all tender and really hard to cook. Till now I tried 3 times  and all 3 times had very bad experience cooking it.The Butcher also does not cut meat/chicken very well. never buy Goat/Lamb meat here. You will certainly be disappointed, If you buy.
