3	Clean, organized store, gets the job done.  No bells or whistles but they're fast and to the point.  Plus they have a website where you can look up their hours and know whether or not you have time to make a trip.
4	Where do you go for affordable lamination, boatloads of copies, friendly service and a notary?! This UPS store, kids. Yeah, I do actually use all those services and, frankly, I've been to other franchised office stores and this one wins out every time. They are kind, helpful and affordable. They don't give me the run around or make me wait 15 minutes to get two sheets of paper laminated! I was pretty stoked when I found out that they have a notary on staff, as I'm not super comfortable heading to some random dude's house to get a contract notarized. Creepy deepy. No, no - at this UPS store their notary is sunny and quick! I had a contract notarized for $5. Sweet! I will continue to bring my office needs over to this store - while it's a national franchise, these people know what they're doing and are really involved with their community. Hooray, UPS store!
5	Great place for doing official type things. You can fax and get notorized all at the same time... in fact this is the only place I fax, and I fax all the time. UPS peoples are good peoples! Super friendly and prompt!
4	Very nice people... I was trying to mail a pretty heavy book and they ran the gamut of options that I have.  Ended up not shipping it though (which they were totally fine with) and waiting to see if I could get a better shipping address so that my shipping wasn't more than the cost of the book!
5	This is the only ups store I've used so keep that in mind. But the people that work at this location are extremely friendly. After only talking to the owner one time, he remembered my name and welcomed me back over a week later. If this location is in a convenient location for you (in south end) then I highly recommend it.
4	Hip-hip-HOORAY for the lovely people at this UPS Store.I came in the other a day a bit disheveled, overwhelmed and in my pajamas. Low and behold stood an angel to rescue me... an angel in the form of the notary. She was one of the NICEST people I have ever had the pleasure of dealing with at a business. She took the time to help me first understand everything I needed... then second took care of it all with a huge smile on her face. Quick, painless and easy. Did I mention how nice she is? I almost gave her a hug, but wasn't sure if that was appropriate. On top of the friendly staff, the prices are so affordable. They even had a list of specials and discounts going on at the time. What's better than cheap printing? Even cheaper printing!The store is super convenient if you are in the South End area. It's located right off South Boulevard. I will definitely take all my future copy-scan-print-ship-notary-lamination needs here.
3	Conveniently located and off street parking are the huge plus for this place.  I don't normally have to go into a store to ship anything but when making some returns via Amazon I've found this location to suit my needs just fine.  Just pull up to the Camden Road side and most times you can find a close parking spot.  Jump out, run in, drop off and be on your way.  There are always quick and I've literally never spent more than 2-5 minutes waiting.
5	I really like this UPS Store - all other UPS Stores should take note of this place.The franchise owners are super friendly.  Came in there to get 39472938 (23) documents notarized and literally everybody that walked in to check their PO boxes during that time got a warm "Hello, how are you doing [insert person's name]" and a smile.  It's like the Cheers of UPS Stores.  One dude just literally just popped his head in to chat with one of the owners about the busy season.Thought I ran into an impasse bc of some NC notary law thing, but the notary service chick explained it clearly, expressing much sympathy and recognizing that these documents had to go out today. She had a solid (legal) work-around and I was able to send out all the documents.  Whew.  Aside from the overall superb customer service here, a couple of nice benefits of this place include infinite parking and affordable notarization ($5 per).  Oh and the notary's penmanship is pretty bad-ass too.dmo out
