5	The pharmacist knows me, and she takes time to answer questions. A visiting pharmacist made numerous calls to find my obscure medication, finally reserving it for me at RITE AID because CVS didn't have it - just awesome service. Convenient, quick drive-through. Quick service at the desk as well. Friendly people.
5	I don't like dealing with prescriptions. I don't like having to ask questions of pharmacists. It's just intimidating. But the folks running this CVS do a wonderful job connecting with customers and getting us the help we need.My husband and I went in there months ago when he was suffering with debilitating allergies. We were given a recommendation for a behind-the-counter option that quelled his symptoms.While we were there, the pharmacist quickly filled my personal prescription (which wasn't due for pickup until the following day). She also set it up to be automated moving forward, which was a nice touch.Later, I was *dying* of sinus pressure accompanied by nausea and dizziness. No fun, especially if you're active and about to go out of town! I swung by and asked the pharmacist (Gosh, I love her) and she recommended sudafed. Instant relief. I was blown away.So if you're looking for a sweet little place to have your prescription and OTC needs met in a friendly, efficient environment, look no further. I won't consider going anywhere else! (Plus, it's right across from Trader Joe's, where you can get all your health foods...holistic living for the win!)
5	I love having this CVS in the neighborhood. Located in Piper Glen Shopping Center and easily accessible for those of us out for a little exercise on the Greenway. Don't fret over the complicated parking situation (not many spaces directly in front of the building). You can pretty much park anywhere within the parking lot and not have to walk but 30 yards to get to their front doors. I appreciate this location for so many reasons. Not only is their staff easy to work with, but they really help with products in the store. It's not always easy to find which eye drops you're looking for among the menagerie of choices. They make the complex less complex with their knowledge of the store layout. This location has a great Kodak photo printing center. We have visited several times to print a couple 4x6 prints and it's done in a snap. They staff jumps over to input the print code lickity split. Can't beat that fast service!The pharmacy staff is so helpful. Multiple times, my wife and I have made it in and they've given us recommendations of over-the-counter products or medication from the shelves that will help our symptoms. Always helped and never hindered or hurt. SO friendly. They feel like neighbors. Thanks to CVS for having a great location in the neighborhood! I'm proud to be called one of their patrons! Cheers!
4	This CVS has a nice layout and has friendly employees.
5	Fast & friendly .
4	Very friendly staff, great location! The pharmacist made sure I knew everything about my medication and thoroughly answered all my questions! Great place to go!
