1	Totally CHOKED.Food - good, hot, fresh, as I expect it.Service - friendly & efficient.Meets expectations?  NO!OK, so the worst thing a chain can do is dump consistency.  Rubio's advertises Fish Taco Tuesday ($1/taco) "at participating locations" and every one I've ever been into - and that means all over California - honors it.  But NOT Red Rock!  As if I knew that....So when I plug Rubio's into the GPS on a Tuesday in response to my man's fish taco craving, drive out of my way, leave him in the car waiting while I enter a casino & play hide-&-seek to find Rubios in the back corner in a food court (all the while in cycling gear while I dive amongst rows of slot machines I might add - as in hubby really had a fish taco deal craving), order & then discover I'm being charged full pop because they don't participate?  I'm ANNOYED. Now I'm hungry, and my SO will be profoundly grumpy if I don't return with fish tacos.  HUNGRY, ANNOYED and GRUMPY!!!Seriously, folks.  If you've bought a franchise or opened another company store under the Rubio's banner with the Rubio's menu because you want the Rubio's reputation, ya better freakin' offer the Rubio's specials.  Choked with you. True, I place this same order any day of the week that a craving hits regardless of the price, and loved my non-greasy carnitas street tacos and he had a craving satisfied.  Difference is I'll NEVER repeat a visit to this location because when it's Tuesday I want the discount.  Your brothers-in-arms will win out.
3	@Rubios_BeachMex  at Red Rock Casino #VegasI'm always up for some Mexican Fast Food at the food court and Rubios' in one of the better choices. Located right near the Movie theater,arcade,Kids Quest and Bowling Alley its a great option to take the kids before a night out at the Resort.Their Fish Tacos are the BOMB but this time We choose to share some of their nachos with NO meat but fully loaded with all the good stuff. $4.99 Cheap Eats Alert!!
4	The place seems a little bit slower churning out the food, but it is still what I expect from Rubios.Healthmex mahi mahi burrito, side of rice and a water cup set me back $7.56 but it was a very fair deal.  :)
3	After using the spa I found myself hungry and didnt want to spend alot of money so I saw Rubios had fish tacos and decided to try them out.They were ok..not the best I ever had. The beans were a bit runny that came with them but the chips & salsa were pretty good.It was fine for a quick bite but would probably just hit LBS next time.
3	Not bad food, better then your average fast food place. If you want something other then Subway, McD, etc this is a good alternative place. Chips with salsa, burrittos, tacos, etc. It all works at this place.
2	This place reminds me of a fast food joint, quality of food isn't that great, but I'll still come here if I'm in the mood of mexican food and I'm at the red rock casino. Other than that it's not all that great, I'd rather go to other restaurants in the food court. Not much of a big fan here. Taqueria's blow this place away, but this particular place I'd settle for if I want a burrito or taco's of some sort. Ehhhh
2	Wanting to eat quickly and get back to losing my money at Red Rock, I hit the food court running and settled on Rubio's.  I've never been blown away by their food at the few store locations I tried, but at least at the other ones you can use discounts or promos.  Not here.  I get ticked off that, just because they're in a casino, these franchise operators have a holier-than-thou attitude and exempt their facilities from letting the customer save a buck or two.  I didn't have one, but it still pisses me off.  On the upside, they do have a sign at the register telling you in advance.The cashier was very friendly.  She asked my name for the food delivery, and when I checked, I was amazed that she spelled it right.  Almost nobody does that (yeah, yeah, I before E, except after C.  Unless your name is Sheila).  For that reason alone, my 1 1/2 stars was bumped to 2.I had a chicken taco platter - 2 soft tacos with a lot of lettuce and a decent amount of chicken, a little cup of watery and too salty pinto beans, and surprisingly unsalted tortilla chips. It was okay - not terrible, but not great either.  It must have given me a lot of energy, though, because I walked out of Red Rock $25 richer, and that almost never happens!
3	I love Rubios but maybe it's because this one is in a casino it's just not as good as the Rubios that are their own stores. The food is not as good and portions are smaller, it seems to take longer to make and I swear it costs more but I'm not sure.
3	My grilled steak burrito was okay, but either their black beans have too much liquid (well, that is true), or the whole wheat tortillas aren't absorbent enough, but what a runny mess.I don't think I'm in any hurry to go back, though I'm always pumped to find spicy pickled carrots on the salsa bar.
3	Not the best Rubio's location I've been to but it'll do.  I always get a HealthMex Ono or  Mahi Mahi burito and have not been disappointed.  They cook the fish to order so it does take a while.
5	I don't know if it's this Rubio's, or all of them, but for some reason I really love this place. Last night I got: Gourmet shrimp taco & Tortilla Soup.At first I was a little offended by the price, but after eating the Taco, i didn't care. I can taste the non-microwavedness of the food (freshness seems overused :). Taco was hot not warm, melted in my mouth.  The soup tasted like it was prepared right before I ate it, in a good way.  I think they actually mix all of the ingredients in it with the base right before they give it to you, that's why it tastes so good.  And who know you could put an avocado slice in soup. Not this kid. But it tastes great. Not too greasy, food that's cooked right then and there so it's worth the wait. I'll go back for sure!
4	I go to Rubio's at Red Rock at least once a week for lunch. I get the same thing every time - a chopped salad with chicken. Why? Because it tastes fresh and it's probably one of the healthiest choices in the casino.
3	Not going to lie, but after watching undercover boss, I've been wanting to try something from Rubio's!Nice selection of tacos, fish tacos, burritos, and salads. It was neat to see the wrap for my burrito be freshly made. Decent amount of stuffing inside, could use more chicken(or steak, whichever you order). The size is  decent as well for under 10$ But it might have cost more because it was at a station casino.The fish tacos took some time to cook, but it wasn't too long of a wait.Rubio's a good place to grab some quick lunch, but it definitely has competition compared to Baja fresh and Chipotle.
3	Coming from San Diego, I am very familiar with Rubio's.  Consistent quality and the best fish tacos from a chain.They now have mango quacomole which is essentially regular guacomole with a topping of mango salsa.  The salsa is very good and they will give you some on the side without the guac if you ask (for a small fee of course).I love the fish tacos and the carne asada burrito.  Because it is a chain, you don't have the diverse menu choices the more authentic mexican restaurants do but you get good quality.I am only disappointed with their specials like lobster burrito that come and go.  They lack the proper flavors and when you like something, it disappears for a long time.Still, for consistent quality and flavor, Rubio's delivers.
4	rubio's is amazing.  their fish tacos were so delicious.  i almost couldn't believe they were from a chain.
3	3 Stars is about right on the money for Rubio's.  Used to be better in my opinion when Fish Taco Tuesday was only $1 per taco.  I could feed my family like kings!  Now that they are $1.50 each we haven't been back really since.  Economy = SUCKS.Whenever we end up at Red Rock Casino for date night the wifey and I often end up with a snack or a meal here.  It's probably one of the cheaper places in their food court to get a bite.  As much as I love Capriotti's and some Panda Express, sometimes a guy needs to watch his waistline.  Rubio's fits the bill nicely.  Get a healthy meal with some grilled fish, chicken, or steak, colorful veggies, and a wicked salsa bar.The wifey likes her fish tacos, but sometimes will opt for the Pacific Mahi Mahi Burrito.  Mild fish, grilled with seasonings or blackened with spices, wrapped in a whole grain tortilla with fire-roasted corn, guacamole, Mexican rice, cilantro, onion, red and green cabbage, and creamy chipotle sauce.  Actually pretty good eats, very flavorful and definitely health-conscious.I stick with the Burrito Especial with either steak or chicken.  Marinated meat, grilled, wrapped with guacamole, salsa fresca, sour cream, black beans, Mexican rice, and creamy chipotle sauce.  I usually add lettuce to mine and opt for a whole grain tortilla.  Not authentic Mexican, I know, but darn tasty!  Each burrito or meal plate usually comes with a side of tortilla chips, perfect for taking advantage of Rubio's salsa bar!  Their signature salsas are all stellar.  I always take more than the usual amount of little plastic containers!  They usually have four salsas on the bar:-Mild-Tomatillo-Roasted Chipotle-PicanteSometimes I guess depending on season one of the salsas will change.  Once they had a mango salsa, and another time they had a pineapple salsa.  My faves to go with are the tomatillo, and the roasted chipotle.  Complements any of their dishes great.  Also on the salsa bar is cilantro/onion mix, pickled jalapenos, limes, and lemons.  If you're a cheapie, just get yourself a serving of beans and rice, and top it off with everything from the salsa bar!  I've seen it done, and NO, it wasn't me.Beware though, since this Rubio's is in a casino food court, prices can be a tad bit higher than one in your local neighborhood.  But it's still not too bad.  Our burritos came up to around $8-$9 each with chips and salsa bar included.  Not bad for a date night.Get in, watch a movie, eat, then go ahead and lose the rest of your money to bingo or video poker!  I prefer CRAPS.
4	The only fast food worth eating in my book. Great seafood tacos and awesome tortilla soup and all the condiments you want at the self serve bar. now that is some damned good grinds!
2	I got the chicken enchiladas.  They were fair, the sauce had some flavor but overall it tasted bland.  I can't speak on behalf of other menu items, but I've definitely had better Mexican fast-casual elsewhere.
4	Rubio's is my go to food court choice. Chicken taco platter for me, with beans. The tacos are good, not the best in town but good. The beans are good and their chips are good. It's good. They have several salsas to choice from, a picante, a regular red salsa, a tomatillo salsa and a hotter salsa that I've never paid attention to. All are good but their regular red salsa is a little on the sweet side, which is not what I want my salsa to taste like. But again over all a decent taco.
5	Fish taco- traditional with chips is so good- made hot and fresh per order.  Chips with the salsa bar is great. Also had the two enchilada dinner- you choose ( I had one cheese- one chicken) with rice and beans for just under $9.  Restaurant quality.  Tortilla soup thick with rice, chicken and seasoned nicely served with two tortillas- can be a meal in itself. For a fast quick meal at the resort or while gambling you can not beat the quality and the price. Highly recommend. they also serve breakfast burritos in the am but did not have a chance to try them
3	Rubio"a is always a good choice when you want to grab some food quick, but you still want to keep it healthy.I always order the same thing when I eat at Rubios. The Health Mex Burrito. It is pretty good and a much healthier choice than other fast food options. I have tried the fish tacos here before and they are very good as well.This location is at the Food Court in the Red Rock Casino. The prices are higher than other locations, but that is expected of any eatery in a casino.
4	Went to Red a rock Casino for 4th f July fireworks and hoped to get BBQ At Lucille's but the wait was way to long, over 2 hours, so we headed over to the food court and decided on Rubio's. The shrimp tacos were delicious, fresh shrimp with a mild creamy salsa. Add hot salsa to it and wow! What a great meal!
4	We got the Burrito Especial and fish tacos. The food and service was pretty good. Will come back again.
4	Shrimp burritos are awesome we get them all the time just tell them you don't want that much rice inside. We usually get this to go the self serve salsas are all good this place blows away Moes and Zabas. I approve this message JK KUHL.
1	Was just here they ran out of sides but didn't bother to let us know at the time we ordered, nobody was there yet the ladies were very slow and had attitude.  First time having Rubios and I'm never going back.
