5	I am a student at UNCC and I am pretty sure every student at that school knows about Toyama. It is cheap and delicious. Everything on the entire menu is good and I could probably eat it everyday. It is your basic Japanese Express restaurant but everything is done well and very fast. Hibachi chicken and steak, teryaki chicken and steak, shrimp, and salmon are among the combination plates to choose from. All combination plates come with rice, carrots and another vegetable depending upon what meat you choose and of course, shrimp sauce. You can substitute zucchini and onions for the carrots if you wish. The sauteed mushrooms are a personal favorite of mine. The appetizers are also very good specifically, the egg rolls and tempura plate. They have outdoor seating as well which I really love. I definitely recommend Toyama for some quick and delicious Japanese food.
4	Quick Japanese places have popped up everywhere. Toyama is a good one. You can get Terriyaki style or hibachi Style. The prices are cheap, but they skimp a little to keep the cost down. For example, the Hibachi Chicken is about $6. But, it only comes cooked with mushrooms and rice, and a few sweet carrots. If you want any other veggies- like onions, zucchini, or broccoli- it is extra. (A side of Onions and Zucchini runs about $2.50). It should be noted that this place is cook to order, so you don't get the dried out, pre-cooked chicken that is sadly commonplace at many stores in this type of concept. Super fast service, very clean, very casual. This is not a "night-out" Japanese place. But, this is a quick service, reasonably priced restaurant. with good food.
4	Awesome service, and you get a lot of food for what it costs, make sure you are hungry!
5	Quick, cook to order, large portions, tasty. I stop here to take out after work. No need to call ahead as they make it so fast your order is ready before you can sit down and get comfy for your wait. The price is the best. $6 flat for teriyaki (or hibachi) chicken with rice, mushrooms and shrimp sauce. Eat in, on the patio or take with you. It's like made to order Japanese "quick" food. One of my favorites when I'm just too tired to cook. Enjoy!
5	So fast!  By the time you get your drink and sit down, the food is in your face!  I actually used to go here a lot since it's really quick and easy to grab lunch.  Staff is really nice and the portions are gi-normous.My usual is the Hibachi Chicken & Mushroom.  With a cup of water the total comes out to $6 even.  Can't beat that for lunch.The only drawback is the potential food coma you go into during the afternoons in the office.  Not good if you are trying to be productive or have a deadline to meet that afternoon.  LOL.
5	I've eaten here over 200 times and have only been disappointed once or twice. I think that's worthy of 5 stars!Very fast service. Generous portions. Cheap sodas and tea. My favorite budget restaurant!
4	Great for express japanese food! I've never dined in, but take out service is always quick, fresh, and inexpensive. For around $6 I usually get the hibachi chicken with broccoli and rice. Add a drink for only .79! The staff is friendly and they seem to remember familiar faces which keeps me coming back.
4	It helps when a place sticks to what it does well, and Toyama is such a place.  Being at the entrance to my subdivision, my wife and I find ourselves here often, either for eat-in or take out.  For us, their basic formula of Rice + Carots + Veggie + Meat + Sauce = Good.   I like the Hibachi Steak & Mushrooms, but the Brocolli dish is also very good.If you come away hungry, its because you didn't finish your meal.  I like that we can eat inside or outside in a very relaxed atmosphere, and the fact that next door is a place we can get food for our children who haven't grown to appreciate Toyama's fare yet...
5	AMAZING! This is the best food for the money in Charlotte hands down. My girlfriend goes to UNCC and I make sure to eat here evertime I visit. You wont find anything better for under $10.... anywhere
4	We used to eat here lots but moved. Having said that, we still eat here as often as possible.Their food is usually spot on but I've had at least one meal that wasn't up to par. The rice was kind of old which is the base of the meals. But one out of many visits isn't bad so we keep going.Just as good as Ishi without the Ishi mark up = good eats.Good for small groups (4-6) but usually crowded at the lunch rush.
1	I paid extra for nothing special. They got my order wrong. I paid an extra 4 bucks, came back to work to figure out they didn't give me the shrimp I ordered with my hibachi chicken. First and last time I'm coming here. On top of that, they gave me ginger sauce instead of shirmp sauce? Anyways, I was weary on coming here in the first place and now I have something to go on.I want my 4 bucks back!
3	Overall not bad for the price: ordere tempura and fried rice. Both were pretty plain and I gotta express some disappointment with the low amount of shrimp and lack of sweet potato. Also the fried rice could have Used some veggies and egg. Otherwise not bad and A+ for quick and courteous service.
3	Usually pretty decent food. I have had a few instances where it hasn't been that great but I always end up back here because my sister loves this place. When I ask them to do something special (such as cook it a little bit longer), they are happy to oblige.
4	It seems like I come out of my way to stop in just to get some teriyaki chicken and broccoli lol! The food here is always fresh and prepared quickly. This is a good place to come and grab lunch on the go or to simply take back home. You get plenty of food for your money and I must say Toyama's is in a convenient spot! Pass up the burger joint next door and step into Toyama's! Don't forget to get some sweet tea to go along with your order!
4	Always a ton of food for the price! good for wanting a quick hibachi steak or chicken for like 6 bucks!
4	I have eaten here many times and the food is always great!  Of all the Japanese restaurants I have tried this one is the best so far!  It's reasonably priced and really yummy!
4	It's a great place to catch lunch. Always good and always tasty. Pretty good price too.The only downside, if there is one, is the ventilation is not right in the building and you walk out smelling like the grill. They need to install an inlet in the overhead to allow air in for the exhaust fan.
2	On the way from home in Cornelius to UNCC to study, I decided to have lunch somewhere I've never been before.. took the Mallard Creek exit from I-85, turned into the same parking lot as Cakes & Flakes, and saw this place.There were a lot of people there; there's a big picture menu on the wall, and various hibachi and noodle choices.  The food wasn't in steam trays in the counter like at a megamall food court; you order at the counter, and they bring it out to your table.I got noodles ("yakisoba") with chicken (choice of hibachi or teriyaki, I got teriyaki).  It tasted pretty boring, like bland American-"Chinese" noodles in brown sauce.  Including a Coke, it came out to $8.  I'll have to go back and try something different next time.
4	My favorite Japanese place in the UNCC area.  Very quick, nice people and the food is good for the price.
3	I went back to Toyama and had the hibachi chicken -- I liked it a lot better than the noodles.  The chicken had big mushrooms in it, with steamed carrots on the side (practically a dessert).
4	You know that local eatery that is your "go to" for food that is quick, pretty cheap, and pretty yummy?  That place that you swing through for take out on a busy weeknight, or stop for lunch when you are out running errands?  Toyama is that place for us.  Our standard order is the hibachi chicken or steak (some of us sub the mushrooms out for broccoli).  To me, the sweet carrots are TOO sweet, and I sub broccoli for that, but the kids love them.  Go easy on the shrimp sauce, as it is super high fat/cal, but it is yummy for sure.  Wasn't as fond of the noodles, but I think I have only gotten them once out of the dozens of dishes I have ordered there, so it also could have been an anomaly.  I usually call first (as do many people) and they have our take out order ready and bagged up, and a special line to check you out.  Appreciate that a lot!
4	Thank goodness for Yelp!  The fella's office moved up to University area, so I joined him for lunch on a Wednesday.  Neither of us had ever explored the neighborhood, so I checked Yelp for a recommendation, and you guys didn't steer me wrong!We got there around 11:30 to beat the rush, but the staff seemed like a well-oiled machine and things were moving along swimmingly at noon when they got really busy.  The seating area is much bigger than I'd expected, including a covered patio in front, and there's a TV so you can catch up on the latest headlines.  You order at the counter, and I appreciate that there are about 20 express meals you can pick from.  I tried the chicken with broccoli, and the fella tried the steak with broccoli; throw in two waters, and we both got huge, delicious portions complete with shrimp sauce for $13.40.  A woman brought out our order, and they clean up after you, too.  The fella said this would definitely make the lunch rotation - it's cheap, tasty, and fast without making you feel rushed.
2	ummmm no.  Sure its fast but , its really greasy and more greasy..No thanks..
4	Stopped in here based on some reviews here and some co-workers I'm in training with. Wasn't sure how good it was going to be but the price sure seemed good... Food was excellent. Was it a little greasy, as I've read here? Maybe just a little. But that certainly didn't detract from it. I've eaten at much fancier restaurants and much more expensive ones with hibachi that didn't taste this good. Was it perfect, no... But I'd eat here once or twice a week if I was local. Definitely worth the stop and the price. Had the Hibachi Chicken and the Hibachi Steak. Definitely worth it! Great place!
5	We love this place for their yummy, super-fast Japanese food and its reasonably priced. It is right down the road from us so its a great place to stop by on a night you just don't feel like firing up the stove to slave over a meal after a long day's work. We have had both entrees with rice and noodles and love both. I would recommend this place to those who love Sogo in Concord. This place is just as good and slightly less expensive. Always have had great service.Toyama Express is our go-to spot when craving some delicious Japanese hibatchi. Give it a try for yourself.
5	When I was in college at UNC Charlotte, Toyama was a staple of my diet! And for good reason!!!The first thing you'll notice about this place, especially when you go for lunch, is that their service speed is baffling. I'm talking about...you place your order, and the food is already ready before you find your seat. It's mind-blowingly fast! And the food doesn't taste bad like a lot of Fast Food does. That's because while they don't offer a super large menu, they are really good at making what they do offer.I normally go for hibachi chicken, and when they started offering noodles instead of rice I've been ordering that since. Their shrimp sauce is great....light but sweet, and their carrots are soft and sweet. The plates they serve the food on are very nice quality and the portion size of the food is very fair for the price. Their staff is also super nice. I've been going for a while, and so has my sister. My sister rarely goes the same time I do, but the staff figured out that we are related. Now every time I go they let me know whenever they see my sister, so I learn things about my sister through them. Maybe I should call my sister more often, but as you can see, Toyama not only cares about serving their customers, they keep up with them!
1	Will never go again poor customer service. I have been going there for over 7 years and I will never return.
5	I've been a long time toyama express customer/employee!.  I've been here when the restaurant was first open and yet i still come here! This place is hands down one of the best fast habachi places i've been to.  Here are a couple of reasons1) You get quite a lot of food for the amount of money you pay! ( I have yet to finish a whole plate of food)2) The prices are very reasonable for the amount of food you get.3) One of the best tasting quick habachi places4) A lot of variety.  There isn't much to say about this place that i haven't already listed out.  I'd come here all the time if i still lived in CharlotteTIP: You can pretty much swap out your vegetables and carrots for other veggies.
4	Pretty standard hibachi fare. Wife and I went to lunch had the number 12 food was better than the hibachi express in gaston county flavor wise. What was a real surprise was the speed of the service especially at high noon lunch rush! I'd go back again four stars because the food could be a little better.
3	I have been a regular for years. I was there last week and have realized their quality has been declining. The proportion is dwindling as price goes up. However, still same amount of salt and grease. Toyama, you guys need to step up your game.
5	Toyama Express is really good. I came here for lunch a couple of days ago with a client. It is essentially a walk-up counter and then they bring your good to your table. There is a huge lunch rush about noon so be prepared. The food still came out fast.I got the steak and scallops. The meat was very tender and cooked perfectly. The orange sauce on the side was excellent for dipping the meat and seafood. I also mixed it in with my rice. The service was excellent. Patio seating was pleasant. Excellent value for the price. I will be back again!
4	Excellent Hibachi steak and Teriyaki steak. They also make good Shrimp and Chicken dishes. All comes with rice and carrots/mushrooms. You get a whole lot for the price too. Good service too.
3	I happened to stop here after my daughter had a dentist appointment on the recommendation of the dentist office staff.  The food is just your average quick Japanese style grill.   Nothing special.   The portions were nice, the staff friendly and the food came out ultra quick.  There is a nice outdoor patio that is enjoyable for people watching.
4	I love Toyama with all my heart & soul. The food here never disappoints me (possibly because I always get the same thing). The food is reasonably priced and you get a great helping of food, I usually split my meal up in order to finish it all. It is very busy around lunchtime and closing time at night. Only reason I am not giving five stars is because it is a small restaurant, so when waiting for your take out order it is very awkward finding somewhere to stand.
4	Food is always good here. That's the most important. Service? I don't know about other Toyama Expresses in Charlotte but the service here is pretty good. The people at the walk-up counter are all friendly and though they shout out things in different languages (that you wouldn't understand) to each other, they're always nice to you.The carrots are not too mushy, the soy sauce on the rice is not too salty, and the hibachi steak is so good. Shrimp is good too but I usually go with the steak. My wife loves the shrimp though. So again, I give them four out of five stars for feeding me right last night.
3	This little place seems to be very popular as it's always busy and full during lunch and dinner hours. Atmosphere wise it's definitely more of a place you would go to for the food, not the setting. It's always clean and it's not really that loud, but interior design wise it's very simple. Which isn't a bad thing if you're just looking to go in for a quick meal (and the food really does come out super quick) but I wouldn't go there for date night or a night out with friends.Food is good and the dish sizes are big so I always end up leaving with a box of leftovers.  Price is right too and they also have a counter for take out customers. Most of the people working there are nice but I have had a couple of instances where I've soon regretted tipping them (you tip them before you get the food while ordering the food at the counter). There's one lady who comes off as grumpy and whenever she serves me it rubs off on me too..but that could also be the language barrier between us, as she doesn't seem to speak english very well.. But I go there for the food, so that hasn't bothered me enought to stop me from going back there.My favorite dish is hibachi shrimp with broccoli. The hubby likes their hibachi steak with mushrooms.
5	Fast, cheap, delicious, and always friendly staff!  The food is always hot and fresh and from what I've read fairly healthy for you (minus the awesome shrimp sauce). Great place to grab take-out or even sit down for a quick meal...
5	I love this place. If you get the Salmon you have to tell them not to overcook it. The food id always good and most of all its an excellent value.
5	Great food! I always get the teriyaki chicken with broccoli. You can tell they use fresh vegetables and they give you a huge portion.
5	My fiance and I order food here every Friday, it is our favorite. The shrimp sauce is awesome and the food is delicious. We usually order the hibachi steak. Big thumbs up!
5	I've been going to Toyama for 6-7 years now. Used to go weekly when I lived closer. For the price and service it can't be beat. Around $6 for a typical standard dinner and ready within 2-3 minutes. Shrimp sauce is the best of any Japanese restaurant I've found. Sweet but not too heavy. Always have more food than I can finish. Not much has changed over the years, that's probably why I still stop in if I'm in the area.
