5	Looking to adopt an animal? Are you a resident of the City of Henderson? (Or Clark County for that matter?) If this is you please consider taking a look at the City of Henderson's Animal Shelter. It's about 1 mile East of I-515 on Galleria and about 1/2 mile East of Boulder Highway. While it's in an out of the way location, it's worth your time to seek this place out. Earlier today (4/7/12) we visited the shelter with the intent to just look...we've been reviewing shelters online (Yelp has quite a few great ones to check out) and the animals they have up for adoption. We decided to visit the Henderson Shelter on our way to somewhere else, but we never had to go anywhere else. We found the animal we wanted right there. While they have cats, birds, even ferrets, they had several dogs available, and it was not full of the typical pitbulls or chihuahuas either. (We had 18 to choose from). Small dogs can be adopted on the spot, larger dogs do require what's called a home check. The City of Henderson will AT NO CHARGE send out someone to inspect your property to make sure it has a 6 foot high fence and a working gate. Don't let this scare you off, it won't take long to do, and again it's at NO CHARGE to you for the large animal home check. (They basically peek over the fence to make sure it's 6 foot high, check the gate to make sure it's secured so the wind won't open it and let your animal go exploring Henderson and Las Vegas, and you don't have to be home, it's about as non-invasive as it gets). If this is freaking you out check out their website to read up on it or give them a call and they'll explain it. We ended up looking for a smaller dog and we found one that we liked and more imnportantly he liked us. So we decided to adopt it on the spot. The adoption process was quick and hassle free. (Under 15 min, if that, and that's only because someone was finishing up ahead of me!) I signed a couple of forms for the city, one to update the microchip info, and my debit card receipt and that's it. We were quickly heading outside with the perfect dog, and with the satisfaction that we rescued a shelter dog too!Special Note: The staff as in every single one I spoke to was simply awesome to work with. Service with a smile from start to finish here. Now they are a little busy so be patient, but when they get to you they answer any questions you could possibly have. They have small rooms where you can take the animals in and see if they like you and vice versa  (this is a serious melting point, don't say you weren't warned). The only nitpick I could ding them on is the outside area could use a powerwasher taken to it, but it's still one of the best looking, and cleanest city shelters I've ever been in. I can't recommend this place enough. Here's a sneak peek at the pricing too...and you get one heck of a deal for the price. Go price the individual services, shots, microchipping, etc individually and you will step back and say WOW. From the website as of 4/7/12:Adoption fees.    Our cats/kittens are adopted for $55.00 each.    Our dogs/puppies are adopted for $65.00 each.    Ferrets are adopted for $55.00 each.    These fees include the routine vaccines, spay or neuter surgery if not already done, microchip ID and registration, and a Rabies tag or Henderson License (depending on where you live).    We take cash, checks, and major credit cards as form of payment.Along with your adoption papers they offer super cool local discounts on pet washes, a 48 hour free checkup at a long list of various vets, and even discounted photography options which I intend to use and hopefully I can review those for Yelp too! 5 Stars, Highly, HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!
5	We recently adopted our dog from Henderson Animal Control. We made the decision to adopt from this facility because we had heard good things about it. What a great place! We could socialize with as many animals as we liked for as long as we liked, until we found our own very special little fellow who ended up adopting US! The price was great ($65 as opposed to up to $200 at other "shelters") and the perks and benefits were just to our liking. The staff was friendly and most accommodating. The process was definitely hassle-free. When we took Charlie for his free wellness check, he was pronounced healthy except for a slight respiratory infection. We received free medication from the caring vet, and we could have returned for another free visit and more free meds should we need it. Happily, our pup was good to go after he took his pills and he has made our house a home. Thank you to the exceptional staff for the best little dog in the world. Highly recommended by us.
5	Saturday, Aug. 10, 2013   me and my family went to the Clark County Animal Shelter in Henderson / Gallaria.  We found and fell inlove with a black miniature poodle, we saw a lot of beautiful dogs needing rescue but this black mini poodle stood out the most.  We asked the staff if we could interact with her before deciding, she was such a sweet, mellow, obedient dog.  I was so amazed on how well behaved this mini poodle.  We all decided to adopt her and welcome her as part of our family.   We couldn't take her home yet on saturday due to she needed to be spayed, hernia surgery, and teeth cleaned.  We are picking her up tomorrow! we are excited to welcome her home.I am really happy we went to the Henderson shelter, everyone was very helpful, very friendly, professional, and the facility was organized and clean.  We had a positive experience going there to get our new famiy dog.  I highly recommend this shelter.Tomorrow me and my family picking up our new poodle!!!!!
5	Mid July, 2014, we decided to adopt a kitten from this facility. Such a great experience! We went on a Wednesday morning, and after deciding on a kitten, the whole adoption process only took about 10 minutes.  The staff is a little strict on letting you handle to many kittens, but this was only to try and avoid spreading diseases between them. The staff and facility were awesome, and we ended up with a perfectly healthy kitten. No respiratory problems, eye infections or ear mites- which are all problems we were prepared for, but happy not to deal with.
