4	Good food nice ambience, strong coffee and a great soft boiled egg plate
3	I love this place for Breakfast but I was in for dinner tonight and I have to say I was disappointed in the level of service I received. I ordered a sandwich and a beer, the waitress brought me my beer and never brought me my sandwich, I waited over 40 minutes. Then when I got up to leave and pay for my beer, I was told I couldn't buy just a beer I had to have food with it. I sat at my table waiting for my food and the waitress never came to ask if I wanted anything. I'm sorry to say that as good as the service is in the morning  for breakfast the evening staff need some training in taking care of a customer.
1	I have tried different items on their menu and have consistently been disappointed. French toast served either undercooked or barely battered. Fruit served on their plates is boring. Hell, they can't even get a toasted bagel right....There are so many good places out there, why waste a meal here?
4	BE CAREFUL, I JUST FOUND OUT FROM MY BANK THAT MY CARD WAS CLONED IN THAT RESTAURANT. THE EMPLOYEE WHO COMMITTED THE FRAUD HAS EMPTIED MY ACCOUNT YESTERDAY. I thought I could trust that place, I have been there numerous times and everything was fine. I rarely use my debit card and only do in places I think I can trust. Unfortunately, an employee put a chip on the ATM machine, my card was cloned at the beginning of July and they used the card yesterday, along with many other customers cards.
3	First of all, we were to a bad start since they didn't serve Mimosa on a Friday morning. The food was good, we had the eggs benedict which was excellent but I didnt care much about the souffle with cheese from Charlevoix and apple. We could barely taste the cheese let alone the apple. The service was ok.The place looks good, roomy and clean. Great location and plenty of natural light.
4	AMAZING specialty lattes and mochas (the baklava latte = WOW!). Largest selection of beans I have seen to date in a coffee shop. Didn't try the food but the laid back environment did not hinder service at all. Would definitely recommend.
4	we looked for an awesome breakfast foodie restuarant.....toi, moi et cafe....you were great......thanks.
4	Was in Montreal for an event and decided to use Yelp to find a recommended breakfast place.  Loved the natural daylight at the front of the restaurant for a breakfast place.  The potatoes are a great oven roasted side and the fruit that comes with the breakfast includes a small baked apple (mine was a bit under cooked but was still tasty). The coffee was amazing.
4	A big fan of the Griffen Town / Little Burgundy area ~ Toi, Moi, et Cafe is another well crafted piece to the puzzle.Atmosphere: Super.  Spacious, but busy, neat but bustling, Toi, Moi, et Cafe is a wonderful blend of activity and tranquility all wrapped into one.  Comfortable, yet unassuming, furniture provide comfort, while the seat arrangement allows for free movement yet is spaced in such a way as to make conversations further than arms length difficult to discern.  This allows for talk to be privately shared due to the crowding out phenomenons of many simultaneous conversations.  Well decorated and homely, this place is wonderful for early morning breakfast, mid-morning brunch, and even a late evening desert / coffee.Service:  Bi-lingual staff are smart, well spoken, and extremely pleasant.  Hardworking, such that you are attended too quite often, without the need to ask.Food:  A satisfying, yet concise, breakfast menu is sure to please many.  Portions are generous, and as a treat many dishes come with baked local apples with warm berry jam at the centre of their pitted core (literally, very sweet!).  Toi, Moi, et Cafe also has a delectable selection of deserts ranging from crumbles (apple & pear), to cheese cakes (carrot and raspberry), chocolate and caramel cakes, as well as a wide assortment of cookies (cranberry), muffins, and biscotti.  Do not under value the dinner offerings either.  The selection list is limited, but the dishes are very well done and appeal to a large variety of pallets.  A wine cellar provides plenty of vintages is also part of this place's charm.Did you they take their coffee very seriously here? (check out their website!)Love it ~ go & enjoy
4	We found this place through Yelp while visiting Montreal for Osheaga. For a monday morning, it was lightly filled with customers, and offered great breakfast options and nicely crafted coffees. It seems that the cafe becomes a regular dinner spot in the evenings, and by the look of the menu posted on the wall, I'd have been happy to return later that night, if not for getting on the train shortly after we left the cafe! Service was good, service speed was quick, and I would come back again.
1	Service is slow and our waiter wasn't friendly. I ordered the fresh fruit platter with granola and yogurt. I was really disappointed because all I got were a few slices of cantaloupe, honey dew, pineapple, few grapes and one kiwi. Considering strawberries, blueberries and raspberries were in season, there could of been more variety. My boyfriend is more of an eggs and bacon type of guy, so lets just say his white toast was the best part of his meal. Definitely not worth the price, so we will likely not go here again.
2	Location: Notre-Dame WestEats: Since I was going to be checking out the first restaurant on my #TasteMTL list later on, I opted for a Macchiato and a croissant. The Macchiato was strong as all hell and I'm surprised I wasn't bouncing off the walls by the time I was done. It was a little bitter but overall, decent. Have I had better? Yes. The croissant was fine - fat and crispy on the outside, softish on the inside. Nothing to write home about.Service: First, despite the sign that says someone will seat you, we seated ourselves because no one bothered to greet us. The place wasn't full but the service was slow and the staff seemed uninterested in its patrons. Furthermore, this has got to be the clumsiest wait staff in all of Montreal! Not only were dishes dropped and broken on two separate occasions, but one waiter actually dropped a fork down my back (the wrong way - prongs scratching and all) and didn't even bother to apologize. Seriously? How the hell does that even happen? Really not impressed with these people. Not to mention that every time they walked behind me they would hot my chair - there was plenty of room between me and the person behind me, to avoid doing that. It's a cute place but would I go back? Probably not.
1	What a mediocre brunch for $20. Potatoes were saggy, eggs were ok.  Hollandaise sauce, mediocre.  And the chef really skimped on the smoked salmon.  What's more, there was a strong smell of  lacquer, like some was doing auto body work next door!  It was a horrible and all the management said was sorry, but charged us just the same.I won't be recommending this place anytime soon.
