5	I was surprised to see no other reviews here. I love Carvel. Grew up with it. it is the creamiest soft serve ice cream.  Maybe it is a NY thing. Have not had it in a long time due to weight watchers. But every once in a while you need a treat. I had the chocolate thick shake float. My favorite. I had only half, too thick to finish but so yummy. It is good chocolate flavor, not fake.
5	Best ice creame ever
4	Small vanilla soft serve with chocolate crunchies... LOVE Carvel!
1	Unfortunately, I'm forced into giving this place 1 star because of bad business decision from the owner.  I pulled up at approx 8:15 pm on a friday night and they were closed.  I started lookin on my phone for the next nearest ice cream place or yogurt and the guy that was closing up the place came out and introduced himself as the owner and apologized and said it's been very slow and that he's been there since 3 pm and only had a few people come in all day so it wasn't worth staying open later and they usually close at 8 p.m. anyways.  Although he was nice. I thought to myself after I left that the next ice cream place closest to him heading south on ft apache is several miles up the street, and the next nearest place heading north on ft apache is uswirl yogurt and they are down by flamingo and ft apache.  He ice cream shop is located in a VERY popular/busy walmart plaza.  AND.... a lot of people eat dinner around 6 or 7 ish and when do they go out for ice cream??? 8,9 or 10 p.m.  and to close at 8 p.m. ESPECIALLY on a FRIDAY???OOOOH this owner definitely needs to rethink his business hours.  If he isn't getting business in that busy plaza then something is wrong.  He has NO competition nearby either.  Maybe do some coupon offers if a guest comes in between 8 and 10 or buy 1 topping get 1 or 2 free or whatever.  Carvel is known for great creamy ice cream but you need to rethink your business hours and how to get people in the door when you're already located in a prime spot.and just fyi I DID drive up the street to flamingo and ft apache to goto USWIRL (my 1st time there) and they had 5 people already sitting outside eating and another 10 inside in line. HMMMM that might've been his business.  and quite frankly. I tried 3 flavors there (peanut butter, cake batter, and cookies and cream) their yogurt was very creamy and smooth but COMPLETELY FLAVORLESS. I will never go back. Hopefully I can try carvel when they are actually open (I will update to a better rating at that point)
1	Would have given them 5 stars if I could have gotten my Fudgey the Whale cake...nope...they are out of business.
1	The wonderful Carvel ice cream memories I had as a kid has now been lost. About 6 months ago I came to this store and it smelled is a someone dumped cleaner all over the floor and left it there. It was very overpowering.I got soft serve ice cream and it was fine. Today I ordered something out of the case which is hard packed ice cream. I took 1 bite and it tasted just like the chemical they use on the floors!In disbelief I wanted to enjoy my ice cream so I kept eating it. After the third bite I had to stop. I kept thinking what if some of that chemical got into the ice cream and I was poisoning myself?It was that bad.I hope the owner reads this because I will not return.  For $2.50 I can get a pint of ben and jerry's in enjoy any flavor I want & know it will taste perfect.
