4	Chain, but new location recently opened on the northwest corner of Val Vista and Baseline.Friendly staff, clean restaurant and the cheese steaks are **killer**. One glance at the bulbous flab hanging over my belt will tell you that I can pack away the food. But a medium size cheese steak (12") fills me up. Can't imagine downing the large (20") solo. It's stuffed with meat on soft toasty bread. Get the shrooms too, you'll thank me.
5	I'm from where Capriotti's originated, Newark, Delaware.  Capriotti's is an institution there; people have been keeping them very busy for generations.  What used to be a small family business was bought out by a young guy in Vegas who has been expanded the franchise to the Southwest (thank you!!!!!!!).Until recently, Arizona's only Capriotti's was located in Ahwatukee, on Chandler Rd & 48th St by I-10.  The owner recently told us Phoenix should be getting more locations soon; their website announces that they are now in Mesa on Baseline.  I'm hoping the Northwest valley will get some love soon -- we're hungry, too!!  HOW GOOD IS IT?!  My Mom used to live in Glendale and we would drive down to Phoenix's only location, in Chandler!  I currently live NW, have been back in Phoenix for 5 months -- we've already been twice.  Now that I'm typing all of this, the seed is in there and I'm sure we'll head down to Capriotti's again soon.  ;)Here's the skinny: They are LEGENDARY for the Bobbie, aka Thanksgiving in a roll.  A soft, fresh roll filled with shredded turkey, stuffing, cranberry sauce, and mayo -- perfection.  The cheesesteaks are done right - and I often drove up to Philly for Pat or Geno's.  I know my cheesesteaks.  I also recommend the mushroom cheesesteak (with provolone).  The only sandwich improvement I could make would be to add the Cheeze-Whiz option, like Geno's and Pat's in Philly.  The subs are fantastic - lettuce shredded to perfection, awesome lunchmeat, soft rolls...  My favorite is the Italian.Capriotti's awesomeness is due to the high quality of ingredients.  Fresh rolls are locally baked and delivered daily.  The lunchmeat is superior, Chandler's staff is friendly, the restaurant is spotless, and the food is made right in front of you.  There are a few tables inside and I think a picnic table outside.  Perfect food for tailgating, a day on the boat, picnics - and they cater!  If it weren't for Capriotti's, I wouldn't be able to find one decent cheesesteak or sub in Phoenix - and especially not a Bobbie!  THANK YOU, CAPRIOTTI'S, FOR FEEDING ME WELL!!!!!!
5	If you are looking for a taste-bud treat go to Capriotti's! I have to tell you I don't like cranberry sauce. However the Bobbie changed my mind! Shredded turkey topped with mayo and a very generously seasoned stuffing and then cranberry sauce! It is so freaking GOOD! I have been using Capriotti's for quite a while for catering in my office. I have tried several different sammies from Capriotti's. Among my favorites. The Bobbie, The Slaw B Jo, The Italian & the Tuna. The Slaw B Jo is shredded roast beef, slaw, provolone cheese and Russian dressing. I like it lite on the dressing. This used to be my favorite until I tasted the Bobbie. I am with Devon I wish they had one in the north west. Let's see one would fit right around 43rd ave and Bethany hint hint! Bye the way get a large cut it in half, eat one half now and save the other for later. They are huge and it is a better deal that way. Anyway they make a very tasty sub. Like I said they do catering too!
4	absolutely one of the best sandwich shops in the valley! I had the homemade turkey and it was amazing. i would strongly suggest everyone should try this place.
4	The Bobbi is delicious.  The cranberry sauce was fresh, and the stuffing is a nice touch.
5	Me and the wife stopped by here on a Friday night and man what a great surprise this was. The sandwiches were the best we have ever had in AZ, she had the Cole turkey which has mayo fresh turkey and Cole slaw don't know what it is but damn it was delicious. I had the Grilled Italian with onions sweet peppers and mushrooms all on top of grilled Italian meats and melted cheese. best sandwich I have ever had, flavor explosion in your mouth . this place is awesome you will not be disappointed.
4	Pros:--------Great selection of unique sandwiches and some of the old favorites. Companion had the SlawBeJo - an amazing combination of sliced beef, coleslaw and cheese with Russian Dressing. I had an amazing Grilled Italian sandwich. All the great Italian meats GRILLED and I added some sweet peppers! Mmm....nom nom nom...Great portions. 12" sandwich was plenty for me, they do not skimp on meat. I think that Firehouse Subs down the block better look out this places BLOWS them away. Cons:--------No sandwich combos (a side and a drink). Need to add wi-fi.
5	We've had two take-out orders from this shop in the past two weeks and both times have been fantastic.  They are a chain, and this shop on Baseline, at Val Vista, is a great addition to the Dana Landing/Dana Park shopping center.The sandwiches are pricey, but they are also huge, which makes them a good deal.  The small is 9" and is filling enough for a large man.  We've been getting the medium, 12", and getting two meals out of each sandwich.  And I haven't been hungry enough to think about getting the 20" large yet, but the sandwiches are so good, I wouldn't hesitate to get one if I was!I've had the Capastrami and the Bobbie.  Both were awesome.  The Bobbie is their signature sandwich and it sounds weird, with fresh, shredded turkey, stuffing, and cranberry sauce, but like another review said, it's like Thanksgiving in a sandwich!The Bobbie not a hot sandwich though, and the Capastrami is!  Piles of pastrami with creamy cole slaw filling in, wow, it's a great flavor combination!  My wife had the hot meatball sub and that did not disappoint either, on that fresh, soft, chewy roll with lots of sauce and cheese.I don't usually love sandwiches, they're okay, I just don't love them.  But these sandwiches really are winners and I can't wait to go back and try the others!
4	A friend I grew up with, back east, now lives in Vegas, and urged me to check out Capriotti's, when she saw they opened in Mesa. Glad I did! I enjoyed the Grilled Italian sandwich, and was pretty much blown away by the incredible amounts of delicious, Italian meats that were used, on this huge sandwich, bursting with flavor. One of my dining companions ordered the Chopped Italian Salad.. the meats olives, and chick peas were a nice touch, but the lettuce was kinda meh looking, and they don't offer much in the way of choices, for salad dressings.  I would absolutely stick with the sandwiches.... Great meat, great cheese, great bread, great peppers.. a great east coast sandwich, and I can't wait to try more stuff here!
4	I took my brother here when he came out from Ohio to try this place. I technically give this place 4.5 stars but Yelp is a punk.I arrived and promptly told the cashier that I had no idea how to order. They told me their suggestions and I ordered off that. I don't even remember what I ordered, but what they brought was beautiful. My brother and I both had "special" sandwhiches (i.e. add this, hold that) and they still made them in an absolute jiffy, maybe 3 minutes during lunch hour!I'd go back here without hesitation if I was in the area.
4	Its about $6/sandwich for a full one  The subs are great- soft bread warm and flavorful! Id def go back. Its more than subway but totally worth it! Depending on which type you order it can be a lil greasy. Whats good for take out is that all the veggies can be packaged on side so u dont get a soggy sandwich! Order the chicken!!
5	I really enjoyed the pastrami.  The meat was very tender.  The decor is upbeat as well.
4	Gonna sound like a teen girl but.... OMG!! I thought Fire House was good till I ate here. This place is the shizznit. Capastami is so good. Some of the best pastrami I've ever had and the Russian dressing and cole slaw were so good in combo with it. Every once in a while you have a sub bun that makes you realize you'll never be successful on the low carb diet.. this one did just that! Funny I actually tried their veggie turkey (what?) because my girls friend was with and she is a vegetarian (annoying!) and their "fake" turkey was even good! 4.5 stars!
3	Ranking this sandwhich place is tough, simply because I think I ordered the wrong thing and can't give it an honest review.  For whatever reason, I ordered the "Slaw Turkey" which is a turkey sandwhich stacked high with cole slaw.  It sounded good when I ordered it, but then I realized that I don't really like coleslaw that much.  It is good for a few bites as a side dish with your burger, but a little too much when included in every bite of your turkey sandwhich.Bottom line.....I think this place has great potential.  I just need to be a little more conservative with my next sandwhich selection next go around.
4	First visit to Capriotti's, but I've gotta say, I was pretty impressed with their sandwich.  I had a Cheese Steak, with American cheese and asked for hot peppers. It was very good.  Loved the roll; nice and fresh. I'll be going back to try some more of their offerings.
5	I've done some reviews on Capriotti's shops in Las Vegas, so it's fitting I visit the nearest shop to my home in Scottsdale and write about it.Grab the Bobbie, the Capostramie, or the Grilled Italian. You won't be disappointed. The quality of the ingredients, the cleanliness of the restaurant, the taste....oh the taste.Don't come here if you are looking for a limp five dollar sandwich. You can go to the underground train for that. You want a solid meal...come here.This Mesa location is pretty new. Opened up back in August. Highlights: 1. Staff is friendly. Even when I come in right before closing.2. The menu, although the same across the board, is amazing.3. Bread quality is high.4. Restaurant is CLEAN!5. PLENTY of seating!6. A nice TV to watch the game.LowlightsNone. This is Capriotti's. Duh. It's a winner.
4	Great Philly cheese sandwich but I always add my seasoning salt to it when I get it home.. a little spendy but all in all great service and fresh food..
5	Awesome Sandwiches!! When we lived in Vegas we used to eat here  2- 3x a week. Then we moved to Salt Lake City, Utah and they don't have one here which stinks.  We have been visiting Phoenix often and we were so excited to see that Capriottis is just 10 minutes away. We eat here at least once a week when we visit.
4	Ok it's a chain, so there's that...  But I'm like Bro'man and we luv us a good sammich!   And Capriotti's didn't disappoint there.I went at an odd time and had the place to myself, it was quite clean and instead of just hanging out BS'ing the people were busy taking care of the place.So the menu - short and sweet, that's how I like it.  Unlike a place like the friggin Cheezecake Crapory with it's 80,000 menu items, none of them done well, Capriotti's keeps it under control and turns out a tasty sammy.  I had the turkey sub with spicy peppers, mmm mmmm.  I love the fresh roasted turkey like that, and the "just like grandma made" pickles.  Well not like either of my grandma's made, but someone's grandma...  The veggies passed the fresh & crispy test with flying colors and the sub roll was perfectly soft and chewy.Ya it's slightly on the higher end fast sandwich price range, but its quality and pretty filling.  I made 2 meals out of the 9", with the meal deal right around $10.  I have a Groupon for the place and can't wait to take my good friend and get him hooked.  Next victim on my list:  the Bobbie!!
5	Best sandwich I have ever had!!  I've been back a few times and always get their signature sandwich, the Bobbie.  Fresh shredded turkey, cranberry sauce, stuffing, mayo on very fresh tasty bread.  Fantastic!  I've also tried the Italian Grilled Meats and it was delicious, but not quite as good as the Bobbie.  I'd like to try some of their other sandwiches but I just can't not order my favorite. A small sandwich is enough for a meal, the medium for 2 and large 20" is definitely enough for 3-4 people.  They'll cut the sandwich in 1/2, 1/3's or even 1/4's without any problem.The service is friendly and fast.  You can see them make your sandwich fresh and they do not skimp on the fillings.  Love this place and glad it's only 10 minutes from home.  Yum!!
4	Dude, this place is bomb. Another gem found on Yelp.I had the Capostromi and the wife had the Bobbi. The bobbie tasted like Thanksgiving dinner. Juicy shredded turkey on a bed of heavenly stuffing and smothered with cranberry sauce. Primo, man... Primo.I actually liked the Capostromi better. What made the sandwich was the cole slaw topping. Really put it together nicely.My only complaint is, I wish there were more sandwich options. I'll be going back... and SOON!
5	This restaurant is the main place for my friends and family to go eat, any day of the week! My two favorite subs are the meatball and the Bobby of course! Stop by and try it out, you won't regret it!
4	Sooooo good. I don't know that I could pick a favorite.
4	Great place for sandwiches; especially like the Bobbie.    Heard someone say the sandwich was like have a thanksgiving sandwich.  Turkey, dressing and cranberries.    A great cold sandwich.   It is my favorite and have only had the philly steak sandwich which is also good.   Great place for a quick lunch.    Prices are very reasonable.   Sandwich, bag of chips and a drink plus tax is $10.22.     Check them out.
2	Not good and overpriced. One of my friends hyped this place up so I was excited to try it and it was a huge let down. I will not be going back.
4	Legit.
2	Love the cranberry sause and turkey sandwich. That said, I've got to be true to my health scale. 2 stars for being just better than a mickey Ds. Change all the sandwich bread to 100% whole wheat and give more vegan options or use free range meat and this would jump to a 4 or 5 start place. That said, I'm starting to get hungry for the cranberry sause now.
5	this sandwich shop is one if the best I've been to. The best ones that I've had are the slaw be jo, Cole turkey, and the pastrami very good. Definitely recommend this place to anyone who likes sandwiches.
4	This really isn't just another sandwich shop.  With so many sub shops out there its really hard to give four and five star reviews but I would have to give this place a solid four and a half.  The Capastrami sandwich is my favorite, next would be the Bobbie.  If you're in the mood for a sub, this place gets high marks.  Obviously, any restaurant that gets noticed on the food network is probably going to be a decent meal but I put this place in my top five favorite sandwich shops in the Phoenix area.  Sure the sandwich is a bit more expensive but you'll taste the difference when you take the first bite.
5	This was the best food I have ever had at a sandwich shop, you have to get the Bobbie, or the cheese steak,  If you go there the cap specials are the way to go....
4	I gotta admit, the first time I came here I was not as impressed as the second time.That was before I got the Grilled Italian, a game-changer of a sandwich.It was a 50/50 shot I went to this place again instead of going to Firehouse Subs in the same plaza, which I knew would be good. Holy hell am I glad I went here instead!The ten minutes I spent waiting for my sandwich didn't take too long because they had NBA on TNT playing on one of the TVs (I'm a huge fan of Sir Charles).Those ten minutes were well worth the wait once the sandwich arrived. The sandwich had plenty of grilled onions and peppers which really helped. There were both sweet peppers and hot peppers with the Italian meats - AMAZING.After this sandwich I can't even recall what I had the first time, but it was obviously inferior. If you love Italian sandwiches, this is the way to go!I can't give it five stars because it's hard to give a place five stars. Especially when they play Katy Perry and other garbage over their speakers. Get real, Capriotti's.
5	This is my favorite sandwich place! I usually get the Capastrami or the Bobbie. I've also had the Italian and it is good, but the other two are the best! There is nothing like this place in AZ. After eating here, the thought of eating at Subway makes me sick to my stomach, gross! Love this place!!
3	I think their food is good and unique but they are WAY overpriced! And the smallest sub you can get is 8". I would like one half that size.
5	Badda-Boom, Badda-Bing... We have a winner! I used to frequent this establishment in Las Vegas when I lived there, and now, all of a sudden, 17 years later... I work down the street from this place! Yippee for me! Clean well-run, friendly joint, with GREAT sandwiches. Try this place out, and remember... Friends don't let friends eat at Subway.
3	this place is hardly a 5 star operation i had a pastrami sandwich on there white bread roll with a bag of chips and a drink 11bucks or so. a bit pricey in my opinion.
5	One of the best Philly cheesesteaks I have had west of Independence Hall.A big 12 inch sub for 9 bucks was more than enough to fill me up. The bread was  very fresh and the proper consistency for a cheesesteak (or any decent sub for that matter-which any sandwich aficionado will tell you is CRUCIAL). Clean, quick and friendly-hard to stand out in the glut of dining options in Dana Park, but they do it right, and I will be back.
5	Wow! I'm sad that I didn't find out about this place earlier. I'm just glad I now know of a great sandwich shop that is very unique and not like many others. They really seem to come up with some creative and delicious creations. I got the bobbi and the cheese steak and both were very very good.The Bobbi tasted like the morning after Thanksgiving day which turkey, stuffing, and cranberry. It really was the perfect combination. Not too soggy, not too dry. The cheese steak had a little bit of a kick with the peppers and it definitely had the right amount of meat and cheese combination. I can't wait to try out the Capistrami next time which looks amazing. As for value, i think it's quite good for a 9' sub (plenty for me) for about $7. I would definitely recommend this place!
4	Not your typical deli meat-this is the real deal with the shredded turkey.  Very good.
3	Call my crazy but i was highly underwhelmed by this place. I stopped in looking for a yummy sandwich for lunch and ended up with a mediocre one at best. I ordered the roast beef sub and while I wasn't expecting it to big chunks of roast beef like it was I was however expecting there to be some moisture somewhere. The meat was as dry as can be to the point of being hard to swallow. I should mention that i did get mine with all the veggies and oil and vinegar so it wasn't just meat and bread there should have been enough. The flavor was ok but nothing great and the lack of moisture didn't help bring anything special to the forefront. i may go back and give them another shot but considering the price was a bit on the higher side I am not sure how motivated I am to risk it.
5	Wow~!~ They have the most wonderful sandwiches. The Bobbie is incredible and I highly recommend that you give Capriotti's a try~!~!~
4	first time here.  Really good fresh food.  Can't wait to go back
4	Ate there again today,  continue to love their small Bobbie.     Check them out.
5	My favorite sandwich place in the valley! I LOVE the veggie turkey sub because it comes with vegetarian deli turkey slices and I don't know of any other place where this is available. A vegetarians dream come true!
5	If you want a great, big sandwich, this is the place to go! They are friendly, fast and the food is amazing! I recommend the slaw-b-joe and the capastrami.
1	The Bobbi, nothing special, just a little underwhelming for a cold sandwich.  The meatball sandwich, just a flavorless sandwich.  If you want a sandwich just go to any Firehouse!!!!!!
5	Big portions, fresh high quality ingredients, and good selections for both omnivores and vegetarians.  What's not to like about Capriotti's?  We ordered the veggie turkey ($8.39 for 12 inch).  The faux turkey tasted almost exactly like real processed turkey, very nice!  There are a lot of good toppings you can choose from, ranging from the pedestrian lettuce and tomato to sweet and hot peppers.  The bread was a full 12 inches (Take that, Subway! :p), had a nice mix of outer crust with inner chewiness.  The sandwich filling had a great mix of sweet, salty, and acidic flavors.  Also unlike Subway, these sandwiches are probably twice as wide.Service was fast and friendly.  I've found a new favorite sandwich spot for quick but tasty eats!
4	delicious!... that is all
4	Best cheese-steak sandwich in the valley. The meat was moist and tender and we added sweet peppers and fried onions. Tons of flavor! For $10.50 I got a drink and a medium sub (12" sub). I was stuffed. Probably the small would have been enough or a large if two people are splitting. Since this was my first time in, the guy at the register answered all my questions and was very friendly. He even came over halfway through our meal to see how we liked our sandwiches. The place was clean and had lots of outdoor seating as well which is wonderful this time of year. They were cleaning all the tables as people came and left. They make the sandwiches right when you order them so it was hot and fresh. The bread was great as well. I will be back to try more sandwiches.
4	My new favorite sandwich place! Great philly cheesesteak sandwiches. The italian is also really good. The large is more than enough for two people to split. They will add sweet or hot peppers and fried onions at no charge to the sandwiches. Clean, friendly and quick considering they don't premake the sandwiches. Good prices as well for how much you get. I will be back to try their meatball sandwich which is a true measure in my book of a sandwhich place! I will update my review then! Could possible be 5 stars!!!
2	Just average cheese steak; but, I did have an adequate turkey sandwich the second time around.  It was, just a bit small for the price!  I'm basically done with this restaurant.  Too many other options available for the price.
4	I am a huge fan of Capriotti's! My two personal favorite sandwiches are Capastrami (which is pastrami Swiss cheese, Russian Dressing, and cole slaw). Then the Bobbie which is ( Turkey, cranberry sauce, stuffing, and mayo). Both are incredibly good i always have a hard time deciding between the two when i go. The service has always been good, and they make their sandwiches very quickly. They do a great job. The restaurant  is always clean and same with their bathrooms. I love this place! The only thing i wish changed was their prices. They are a little pricy for what you get but their food does outweigh their price, at least for me.
3	These sandwiches were just OK. I had high hopes due to all of the reviews, but wasn't too impresses. The ham is a sweet ham (super sweet), and I don't think it worked well on the sandwich. The bread is good, it would be great to take the Bread cross the street to Jersey Mike's-that would be a good marriage!
3	I really wanted to like this place because I loved our neighborhood Capriotti shop in Henderson NV. However the black and blue salad was MISSING the blue cheese! Got the order to go and did not know they forgot the blue cheese until we were home.  I will return but will check the order thoroughly before paying and leaving the shop.
2	Very expensive...... Not a problem if you get what you pay for. Missing ingredients on two of our orders. This has happened to me at a couple of Capriotti's locations. I also feel every time I walk in that your are almost shammed to leave them a tip. Come on...it's a high dollar Subway.
2	First time eating here and I wasn't too impressed. I told the person working the register that it was my first time there as I was looking over the menu. She was very helpful and told me what the top sellers were and what her favorites were. I ordered the Italian sausage and was a bit disappointed. The sandwich was sausage with cheese and that was it. No other kind of condiments or vegetables in it. They should have told me when I ordered that it was only sausage and cheese and if I wanted anything added to it. My wife's sandwich came without any condiment either and she had to go to the counter and ask for mayonnaise. The meal was not that great but might have been pretty good with something other than cheese with it.
3	This time I went for the Bobbie and I was much happier.  My visit to the Mesa location was excellent on the customer service side just like the one in Scottsdale.  The people are friendly, knowledgeable, and seem only interested in making sure their customers are well taken care of.  This location is in a new development that has tons of food choices and I would definitely say they should be on the top of anyone's list.
2	Service was great, but the food is incredibly bland and flavorless. Definitely not my first choice for a good sandwich.
4	Delicious food, but the staff was just ok, and it smelled of sewer smell. Not very appealing, so we won't be back. Too bad though, since we both loved our sandwiches!
3	Had the ham and cheese and it was good but definitely not worth the nearly $7 I paid. As with most sub places, you get one tiny piece of cheese that you can't even taste. Skipping it saves a few calories!I also got mustard and mayo, which meant my sandwich was now swimming in mustard and mayo. Next time I will ask for light mustard and mayo. Will go back, maybe if we get a gift card :)
2	The one in Vegas is Much better!
3	Service was great! Very friendly and helpful for being our first time.The place was very clean and overall a nice experience. Unfortunately neither my wife or I enjoyed the sandwiches. Both of ours were really chewy, a first for me and I don't like chewy bread. Surprisingly with the oil and added seasoning the sandwiches still had no flavor to us but maybe we just have high expectations??I notice their advertising states voted best sandwiches but not for us however I am sure others must like it.
1	Came here with my wife and daughter, and none of us were impressed. The roast beef and pastrami sandwiches were overly dry, the syrup to soda ratio was off, and the employees were unattentive.My wife had to ask for extra cups of mayo to make the sandwich edible, and of the three drinks I tried, I could barely tell a difference between them - they all tasted like carbonated water.Definitely won't be returning.
1	Not impressed! Tried to make things easy for me and my co-workers by ordering online......not the case. While ordering online I got all the way though my order typed in my information (card # name, ect.) and went to go cash out. My card was decline though i had money. They charged my account six times. a 65 dollar bill! It completely drained my account. I went in to the store and I was pretty much told to get over it and there was nothing he could do to help me. Its been four days, i called my bank and they said i needed to have capriottis call their cradit dept. and say that my money can be refunded into my account. I have been fighting with the shop on baseline over the phone to try to get them to call this number to get my money back. The manager's manager was in the back ground talking for him and would not talk to me in person "it has nothing to do with us, tell him to call his bank"  still nothing.. Went as far as looking up the HQ number. The lady on the line directed me to the exact person i needed to talk to and the matter should be solved by the end of the week.They had the number the whole time. all i needed was a straight answer. BTW the food wasn't even that enjoyable, If i wanted dry turkey and slaw absorbed bread i would have saved the stress and grabbed a sandwich out back at the dumpster.
4	Tried it for my first time today and all I can say is YUM!  Had the Italian 12" which is easily large enough to share with someone. I added sweet peppers and mayo and it was delicious!!! 100% fresh meat, veggies and the bread was perfect.I am definitely a fan and will even say it was the best Italian sub I've ever had.
1	If you have 45 minutes for them to give your order to someone else and then get upset because you expect a sandwich and a refund then this is definitely your place. The food is good but you have to consider if the hassle is worth it
4	Dinner time on a Wed eve and I ordered the Med Capastrami.  Service was lightning fast and it came in a butcher paper roll. As others posted, the 12" sandwiches are long, bit into the first bite and the ample hot pastrami nearly seared me.  Enjoyed the Cole slaw and fresh bread with sauce. Yummy...will def be back
4	I highly recommend the turkey sandwich. Best turkey around. Certainly their specialty.
5	Great food and great customer service. One of the best sandwich shops around. I recommend either the Bobbie, the Capastrami (my favorite), or a the cheesesteak.
2	Who the hell runs out if meatballs? Are meatballs a hot menu item. I bet subway doesn't run out of meatballs! Now I go to spinatos! Why do restaurants always mess with me?
5	I happen to love cheesesteaks and even more so that I found this place. They are known for their Thanksgiving sandwiches but I am thrilled about the cheesesteaks. They use great quality meats and the bread is great as well. I also suggest the Capastrami sandwich as well which is a hot pastrami with thousand island dressing and coleslaw. It's incredible. The restaurant is always clean and the staff is always helpful and easy to deal with. For all of these reasons I give this place a 5 star rating.
5	I have been craving cheesesteaks and being from the east coast it's hard to find a good one. My mom and I decided to try this place today. Great!!! And I will be back. First of all the staff was great, William thank you for you're great customer service! And the cheesesteaks were amazing. Meat well seasoned, hot, and super cheesy. Needless to say this will be my new cheese steak spot!!! Hooray!!!!
5	First time here and it was great, you get your money's worth, a lot of these sandwich shops will pile on the lettuce and very little meat, Not here, so refreshing to finding a good place like this!!
