5	I had a lovely experience at L'Atelier when out with a pack of 12 lady friends celebrating a bachelorette. The space is lovely - small enough to feel cozy, but with ample space between tables so everything feels spacious and calm. We were seated at a huge gorgeous wood table and, in my opinion, the service was exceptional. We were a bilingual chatty (read: loud) group, lots of pregnant ladies and people with dietary restrictions, lots of getting up to switch places, and the staff were friendly, chill and helpful throughout. The food was very refined and universally MMMMmmmmMMmed over all up and down the table - lots of local product on the menu which is reinvented constantly depending on what's fresh. It's pricey, but you save money bringing your own wine and end up spending less than at comparable places that aren't byo. I'd definitely keep it high on my list for this type of event.
4	Very nice restaurant on St. Laurent. The mains were priced nicely, the appetizers were a bit expensive for what was served. The duck poutine wasn't really worth the price. The food was flavourful.
2	sorry to say I did not have a good experience at L'atelier.We were a group so we had a set meal to choose from, which was HEAVILY laden with meat. I don't have anything against meat but when each course (except for desert) is meat centered and every option is meat centered its a bit much. There was no way to choose around this. I had to settle for instead of 4 courses to get 3, with a overdressed salad, but still paid the same price as people who were getting 4 courses of meat. The food in general was not outstanding for the price you pay.The waiter was not very friendly either. seemed more interested in hanging out with his friends who were at the restaurant as well.
4	Bring your own wine. That is awesome. If you forgot to bring a bottle, there's a liquor store on the same street only two blocks away. The servers and host/hotess were all very friendly. A few didn't speak English so it was difficult to help us translate what was on the menu. The food was really good except for the salad with kimchi, bacon, and microgreens. I know Kimchi. That was no Kimchi. It was basically subtle kimchi flavored cabbages tossed with micro greens and bacon in a bowl. Avoid this.
5	Perhaps a little pricey for the portion size but bringing out own wine helped, and the quality and flavours were truly incredible. The salmon sashimi was quite possibly the best fish I have ever tasted, and the pork came with little pork cubes on the side that were to die for. Our server was so lovely and friendly too!
4	l'atelier comfortably accommodated a group of ten for a birthday party. we were the second seating, and while the restaurant wasn't packed, nor did it seem desolate. our server was a peach, obliged a split Anglo/Franco group masterfully, and went the extra mile. while I admit we were eying other more popular BYOW restaurants in the area, everyone was glad we gave atelier the chance. We all had the 5 course table d'hote/group menu and not one of us left disappointed. would recommend.
