3	Everyone that talked about this place raved about how awesome it is......so it was disappointing when I entered.  First off, the surroundings are quite sterile.  It almost feels like you're in a mall instead of a bar or pub.  Pubs should have a cozy dark feeling to them, I think; make you want to sit back and just chill.    No booths, no intimate lighting...and the only thing that seemed to make it a sports bar was some 10 plasmas hanging from the four walls and various sports memorabilia.  (My favorite was the photo of the rugby guys in huddle, round rumps pointing right at ya.  OW!  Reminds me of Las Vegas....but that's another story.)The menu is a mix of Irish traditionals, sandwiches, burgers, etc.  Bar food.I had to try a drink...seeing as I was at a pub/bar whatchamacallit.  So since I had just gotten off of work, I wanted something sweet.  The Irish Candy was pretty tasty.  Mild though...I didn't turn red.It took quite a long time for our orders to get to the table so I passed the time watching our waitress fly from one table to another while another guy (waiter?  bartender?  flirter?) was chatting it up with a couple of girls.I ordered fish and chips....the chips were pretty yummy, but the fish was even better.  Beer battered with what tasted like exceptional beer..I think I got drunk off the batter more than my tasty drink.  The only thing that was a downer was the coleslaw.  This thing was warm and tasted like unloading a spoonful of mayo in your mouth.  Mmmm...warm mayo.My other party ordered the Irish Beef Stew.  Or should I say baby vomit?Encased  in a soggy bread bowl, this brown goop looked already half eaten and processed.  Okay, I'm open minded.  I take a bite.At least it doesn't taste like a baby's diaper...Actually, it doesn't taste like anything at all.  No meat, sad looking pieces of carrots and peas...and an indigestible mass of bay leaves.  Mmmm...warm mayo and bay leaves.  Hits the spot.So here comes the three star part.  We tell the waitress that the stew is icky....she looks horrified and asks if we want something else....so the corned beef sandwich is ordered.  She apologizes maybe three times and takes the nastiness away.  No fuss!And comes the sandwich....WAY better.  With sweet potato fries.OhMySelf.Goodbye McDonald's fries, hello sweet potato fries.  Just thin enough that the fries aren't gooey in the center...nicely seasoned.  The sandwich was a happy alternative...although if you order it and don't like mustard much, tell them to lay off it a little.Here's another tip:  if you eat at a table, try not to face the bar.  It's unpleasant trying to enjoy food when you see hairy arses peeking out from loose jeans.
4	I agree with the previous poster that the environment leads a little to be desired- but we still really enjoy this hole in the wall. If your ass is hanging off the bar stool the bar is actually not a bad place to sit. There is one bartender in particular that makes his way into a conversation with everyone and will remember your drink order even a month later. They serve the beer cold and have a decent happy hour- $3.00 drafts and 1/2 off most appetizers.  There is a big variety of fried bar food with a few unique items. The cabbage rolls are surprisingly good (cabbage, corn beef, potatoes, cheese, fried in a wanton wrapper) and the cheese curds help coat the stomach to handle a few extra beers. If you are a karaoke junkie you will have no problem singing your song on their Thurs night karaoke and they have live music on Friday and I believe Saturday too.Basically if you like hole in the wall drinking establishments- this works.
3	I haven't been here too many times but what I like about this place is that it's so low key.  It's not gimmicky, local people actually go there to watch sports, and the staff are constantly checking on you.  Happy hour from 4-7PM, offers half priced appetizers.  Had the sliders and some combo plate with chicken fingers/mozzarella sticks/veggie sticks. It's a pretty standard, no frills, no BS kinda neighborhood bar with a slight Irish Pub undertone (They offer traditional irish dishes like corn beef & cabbage, etc).  If you wanna watch a sporting event on a bunch of flat screens with other people that are only there for that purpose, definitely check it out.
4	I really enjoy Scoreboards, it doesn't look like much from the outside and the interior is a bit antiseptic for an Irish pub, but the service always seems to be attentive and consistent, the food is always good, and the drinks are reasonably priced.  I especially enjoy the 1/3 lbs scoreburger, with irish beer battered fries and the fact that they don't charge extra to add items like mushrooms to your burger, in fact I think the only thing they charge extra for is bacon which is only like 50 cents, for happy hour I like to enjoy a tall cold smithwicks possibly the fried cabbage rolls or if I'm feeling extra really hungry I could recommend the white cheddar cheese curds.  The servers seem to remember us. they even have live music, Imagine an old weathered ireland born man with long hair and a cowboy hat singing Johnny Cash covers with a thick dublin accent, it really doesn't get any better than this"I harr that train a combin"the interior is a little odd for an irish pub/sports bar with the lack of booths and floor to ceiling windows, but everything else seems to make up for this. Scoreboards is doing a great job of fulfilling the role of a neighborhood grill/pub and I look forward to going back soon.
4	Been here several times. Guiness on draft, good food, good service. as others have said interior is fairly plain for an "Irish pub" but name of scoreboards isn't very Irish either.Great place to stop on way home from work as happy hour prices are very good.[UPDATE: this places seems to have gone under. The place was locked by landlord, last time I went by]
4	Been to Scoreboards a couple times now. Okay, looks like your average strip-mall bar from the outside. The inside, while a little on the plain side does have a pretty wood bar & windows so you don't feel like you are in a cave. Good drink specials, we picked up Blue Moons @ 3.00 a piece during happy hour.My husband says the mens bathrooms are a little dirty but the chics restrooms are clean always. Service is friendly & prompt.
2	We came here tonight with friends for the Friday night fish fry.  It was the most horrible dinner.  We sat there and waited for our meals for over an hour.  Then when we got them, 1 of the fish fry's were still frozen inside and the other 3 were still raw.  The waitress was really nice.  They ended up comping our dinners.
3	Bar is a bar is a bar. Haha stopped in for a drink on the way back from getting my favorite bottle! Not the bar type won't be back. Have a good time all!
