5	For the past few days, I've had a knife riding around in the back of our car. Not a switchblade, not an Exacto blade, but an honest-to-god Wustof Chef's knife. It's not the best kitchen knife out there, and it pales in comparison to the Shun knives in our kitchen. But when I wield that shiny steel and say "auf Wiedersehen" to my college-era Miracle Blades, I turn into Iron Chef Stina-san!The problem? After a year or so of neglect, it was dull. Dangerously dull. Mr. G gave me the tip that Wisconsin Cutlery was the place to go! So I diligently wrapped my knife in layers of newspaper and  finally got around to delivering it to the sharpener's steady hands. He's got a behemoth 36-inch grinding wheel and, in a matter of two or three minutes, my Wustof was good as new! The best part? It only cost me $3. Really? Pay $3 so I don't chop my fingertips off again? Deal.Don't be a rookie like me, however, and ask to charge it. They do accept debit/credit cards, but it's a small business and those fees add up. Bring three bucks and you'll be good to go! There seems to be a great selection of other kitchen supplies, but I didn't take much time to dilly dally in the store today. I had to get home and get choppin'. Next time!
5	I've been searching for a good kitchen supply store ever since I returned to Madison, and finally found one with this place.  How I've managed to drive past the place 100+ times without stopping is beyond me, but I finally stopped in today and boy am I glad that I did!The folks that work here are both friendly and knowledgeable.  The place was busy (a good sign!) but they took time to help me locate a few items, and when one of the items I wanted was determined to be out of stock, they added it to the order list and asked me to stop by next week to pick it up.  No problemo!They have a very nice selection of commercial quality (but without the All-Clad price) cookware; I scored a 3.5qt sauce pan and 10" skillet (both with lids, both tri-ply, both with very heavy duty disks and handles), a few high-temp spatulas, a sieve, a new shears, two half sheet pans, a wire cooling rack, and a few other items... all for less than $150.  One single All-Clad skillet would run nearly $150, and the stuff that I bought was from Halco - super nice stuff, for sure.They sharpen knives while you wait, have a huge selection of Zyliss, Oxo, All Clad, Lodge, and other high-end gear, and their prices easily beat those of Bed Bath and Beyond, Target, or any of the other more mainstream places.  They also have a monster selection of knives - from Wusthof to Mac to Global to Kershaw - they're all there.I'm a fan.  I'm going to bring in my Kershaw Shun knives for sharpening when I go to pick-up my item next week.  I can't wait to go back!
1	I had taken my chef knife to them a couple of times and everytime i did i had to check to make sure he had made the blade straight which each time he sharpened my knife it never was straight so he had to redo it, which eventually wore my knife down to the point where no edge would keep and my knuckles whould hit the cutting board.  in 6 months he made a $150 knife useless.  when i took my knife back to complain that they ruined it the girl didn't offer me a refund or anything.  if you need kitchen supplies or knife sharpening GO SOMEWHERE ELSE
5	This is where I go to buy my knives and get them sharpened. There's a well-curated selection of knives (read: everything), other kitchen supplies and some housewares.  Knives are sharpened while you browse the inventory and will set you back about 4 bucks.  If you have any questions about knives, Bill is your man.
5	There's a lot to like about a personally owned business in this economy.  I find this store to be my first suggested alternative to a Williams Sonoma or BBB.  The pricing is better in some respects, and you aren't buying a lot of shiny crap with some random name on it.  You don't need Rachel Ray's pots.  She doesn't even use them.Great selection of quality knives and pans.  They're predominantly restaurant grade, and I feel comfortable with using them in my home and work kitchens.  They also do knife sharpening.  A lot of the other items you might need, from spatulas to piping tips, are available here as well.  If you're shopping for yourself or for a gift to kitchen oriented types, this place is worth the visit, as well as the nearby Penzey's.Support (quality) local!
5	If anyone asks me where to get a professional chef's knife, or to get knives sharpened, I send them to Bill at Wisconsin Cutlery. My favorite knife is the Mac that Bill recommended to me. This is also a great shop when looking for birthday or Christmas gifts.
2	Brought my knives on a Sunday. "I can't sharpen knives," said the clerk. "I've only been working here a few weeks." Why, then, is the knife sharpening store open if you can't sharpen knives? Sure, you sell some other things, but that's not why I was there.
1	WRT: knife sharpening, only. Sorry to say, because many of my friends are crazy about this store in general and the knife sharpening, specifically. I do a lot of cooking, I buy the best knives I can afford, and I keep them in pretty good shape. I thought I'd give this place a try - NEVER AGAIN. I took in 2 knives that I've had for almost 30 years, and the guy who "sharpened" them took off more metal in a minute than had been removed in 30 years of sharpening at home. CLEARLY this person did not know what they were doing. Basically destroyed 2 beautiful knives. I was heartbroken. And angry. And I will never, ever go there again or recommend them to anyone.
5	Love getting my knives sharpened here. Plus they have great prices and advice. Great knives for sale too.
5	I adore this place. I've gotten knives sharpened here 2 time before and both times they've turned out great. Couldn't be happier. Wonderful selection of kitchen supplies. Yay for a great Madison small business!
5	Very positive experience.  Went there to get 4 knifes sharpened.  They are the best deal in town at $4 per blade regardless of the size.  The only down side is that they use a grinding wheel for their rough grit, but finish by hand sharpening their fine grit.  I was a little bit nervous they might take off too much metal (especially since they were nice Japanese blades), but the job was done very nicely and in under 20 mins.
