4	The first thing that drew me to this place (besides the fact that waffles themselves are enough to bring a man to his knees) was the smell. The smell of fresh belgian waffles and ice cream hung in the air. My friend and I had been to the one in Squirrel Hill so we knew what we were in for. At first we doubted the quality of food that could be prepared in a space comparable to that of Harry's cupboard but we were pleasantly surprised! We had the waffle with speculoos and nutella ice cream. I must advise everyone to get speculoos on their waffle. Why? Because it melts (MELTS) on the warm waffle and becomes a kind of thick syrup and drips over the sides of your perfectly caramelized waffle.  Keep in mind that they do run out of supplies if they get busy so get there before the herd.
5	Wow -- absolutely amazing waffles!After happy hour tonight at The Porch, my husband convinced me to walk over to Waffallonia to give the place a try. The waffles were delicious... soft yet crispy on the exterior and perfectly sweet. They serve up their waffles with Dave & Andy's ice cream. (Well, if you want ice cream... but who wouldn't want ice cream?!) I had never tried Dave & Andy's ice cream before, but after tasting the incredible cinnamon concoction tonight, it's at the top of my must-try places list. I also couldn't resist a little nutella on top.Even though the prices aren't cheap (approximately $5 per waffle), it's totally worth the cost. I actually appreciated the smaller portion size. You could literally make yourself sick off these waffles!They offer plenty on the menu to keep you satisfied and trying something new every time... whipped cream, ice cream, chocolate syrup, strawberries, bananas, nutella, and speculoos. (If you're a Trader Joe's shopper, you probably know what speculoos is! It's a magical peanut butter-type spread made from graham crackers.) I'll definitely be back soon!
4	A great sweet treat for a late night snack! The waffles are superb, and you can top it with chocolate, nutella, ice cream, fruit....whatever you want.
4	I had been hearing about Waffallonia from friends and acquaintances but Squirrel Hills is somewhat of a hike for me in my South Hills location so I was pleasantly surprised to see a stand in Schenley Plaza.I ordered a waffle with speculous and vanilla ice cream - it was delish!  It was HUGE, so huge that I had to throw 1/2 of it away which felt like a crime but I was seriously getting nauseous from the richness of it all.  This makes me want to throw caution to the wind and drive on over to Squirrel Hill!  I highly recommend checking this place out if you have a sweet tooth.
5	5 stars out of 5!This place is a gold mine! It is exactly what the Pitt campus needed. The waffles taste superb. They are flaky, sweet, and have a nice subtle crisp on the outside. Trying to pick which kind of waffle is the tough part, I have been there 3 times and have gotten the 'Bruges' (Strawberries & Whipped Cream), 'Namur' (Bananas & Nutella), and 'Ghent' (Bananas & Speculoos spread*). *(For those of you wondering what speculoos spread is, it is a graham cracker based 'nutella-like' spread... and it is phenomenal!)*. All three waffles were made perfectly, and all tasted devine. I highly recommend this place. I can't wait to continue to tame my sweet tooth at this wonderful establishment. They are a bit pricy once you start adding a bunch of toppings, but it is absolutely worth is.
4	on my way from hillman library to cathedral of  learning , I just couldn't help stopping to buy a piece of waffle as a reward for a day's hardworking.I tried cream with fresh strawberries and tried ice cream with chocolate topping. The cold ice cream is a perfect match with the hot waffle. You should definitely choose this although the price is not low.The good thing is you can use card here. And no need to worry about forgetting bringing some cash with you.
2	Of course..nothing can beat waffles from Brussels (particularly from Maison Dandoy). But this version tasted super artificial..like waffles from a box.
3	Had the waffle with cinnamon ice cream. It was good, but not $6 good. It's somewhat of a trap bc if you really want a waffle that's the only option nearby. If you really want a waffle and price is no option then this is the place to go.
5	I gave Waffalonia my heart the first time I saw the words "sugar waffle."  The deliciousness has fulfilled me and I don't need it back.
3	I went here for the first time a few days ago and it was pretty good, but not heart stopping good. I like my food relatively pure so I got the basic sugar or liege waffle topped with whipped cream. Parts of the waffle were super-duper sweet (like licking a cube of sugar covered in real maple syrup sweet). The sweetness don't stop me, because the whipped cream helped balance it out. If you don't mind paying $4-9 for a simple and relatively small waffle then give this place a try. The waffle iron could have used a good cleaning to avoid burnt sugar all over the waffle, but it was tasty enough. I recommend going here for a snack or with kids, but not as a meal option unless you want to buy 2-3 individual waffles per person. I plan to go to the original Squirrel Hill location, because I've been told that it is so much better.
