5	Top notch facility, customer service and teaching. Miss Jesica our swim instructor ROCKS!
4	My daughter had her first lesson on Friday and keeps asking if it's friday again.  She really enjoyed her time with the instructor and made her feel very important.  As a mom I felt confident with our decision with Hubbard Swim School.
5	This is an amazing place for children to learn swim. Both of my kids have gone here. One graduated many years ago and the other is there now. He didn't take immediately to the lessons but through the patience and professionalism of the teachers there he is improving all the time. I highly recommend this facility for kids of any ability.
4	This swim school is excellent. My daughter has been going to Hubbard since she was 6 months old and has excelled very fast. The classes only have a max of 4 students. You can also get semi-private and private lessons (2 students or individually). Only reason for a 4 rating is that Hubbard could have better calling system, when you call in an absence you have to leave a message and you can not get your local schools phone number, number goes to a central location.
5	We have gone off and on to this location for 2 years and love everything about it. The teachers put you at ease with the subject matter taught. Our daughter who is super shy warmed up right away to the coaches. We love the warm water and being able to have 30 minute swim sessions. It is so easy to make up a class missed as well! They are fabulous and I would recommend them to anyone!
5	We find this place completely delightful. The staff is excellent from top to bottom. They have a great attitude and are just delighted to play with my children. My girls love getting appointment cards at the end of  each session so the guy at the front desk made them some custom appointment cards just because he's a nice guy. It was really nice.
1	They are terrible with special needs children. They believe in only one way to teach children how to swim and do not make accommodations for a child who needs something different. Very unhappy with what I saw and experienced.
5	My wife and son love their classes.  They even provide free classes to children under 6 months, which is great.  I was able to join them for family swim night on Fridays, and see what they'd been doing in class.  The pool and the rest of the facility are really clean and the water was a really comfortable temperature.  My only complaint is that it's so cold outside the pool area, especially as it's cooling down here in AZ.
5	Great swim school! My son absolutely loves it! Coach Dan is really good with the younger children. If your nervous try it out they give you 2 classes for FREE.
5	Great place for beginner swimmers to learn. All ages from infant to beyond. Amazed how quick my daughter picked up on how to swim. Great place and very clean
5	We've been coming here for several months.  My 3 year old daughter loves it.  We've had several instructors (2 main ones) and have had great experiences with each of them.  They all have different styles of teaching the kiddos but each has great patience and loves working with the kids.  I really recommend taking your kiddo here to learn to swim!
