5	I was over at my girlfriends the other night and she had some. All I can say is wow! The cheese and the sauce were great. The crust was fluffy with a slight crispiness around it. I don't know how much it cost but I will be going back there!
3	Pizza is ok but the hot wings were good and the best part.
4	Decided to order from this place on a whim...glad that I did. The pizza was awesome and so were the fried mushrooms. I heard the wings are pretty good too so I'm sure that will be next on the list to try.The only downfall and the reasons they don't get 5 stars...when I called in my order a girl who answered said she was the ONLY one working so she had 2 orders in front of mine that she also had to deliver and they lived really far away so she quoted me a time of an hour to an hour and a half wait for my food. She eventually got there about an hour or so after I had ordered me food. But, hey, she warned me so it's not like I didn't expect it!
2	Their pizza and wings suck. The pizza is way Greecey & thin crustwhich isn't crispy but soggy.  The wings are soggy not to mention only a couple of flavors. The order taker sucked had to repeat myself.  Took over 40min for orderto arrive.Wings are great from Palanos on tbird must try Chipotle raspberry bbq, however didn't like their pizza either.
3	I ordered catfish meal with fries & 10pc wings. Short wait timeTakes 7 mins to get home Got home sauce all over the bag-i drive stable so soneone didnt close the sauce Properly.Wings are small, but average. Not crispy or soggy just inbetween but yummy. Catfish looks n smells good but tasted rubbery. Fries were ok. Some where nice and full but most fries were skinny and had close to no potato in it so its kinda crispy fries to hard. I tried to doctor it up with hotsauce but it tastes just as squishy (the fries). I shouldnt went elsewhere for catfish. Maybe next time ill only get wings.
1	Only deliver within a 3 mile radius, would not deliver 3.5 miles to my house.........NO CUSTOMER SERVICE!     LAME!
1	I've been there a few times. One of the girls that was helping us wasn't very friendly. Also the food was ok but not good. We could have overlooked the food if the service was good.  One of the cooks there is awesome and friendly.
