5	Gold Medal Winner at the Canadian Culinary Championships, Martin Juneau, has opened this bright, lovely, comfortable restaurant up on a northern stretch of St Laurent that's slowly waking up and increasing my love of this neighborhood. Pastaga sits alongside 3 contemporary art galleries and the newly renovated Vices et Versa in the formerly wasteland stretch of the Main above the underpass and before Little Italy. Two pages of all natural wines are just the beginning, I love the staff, the sweet and savoury menus, the big chef's table in the back for eating exceptional food while watching the Habs - the whole spirit of the place is chaleureux, classy but friendly, and I can't wait to go back.
4	Pastaga's interior is very reminiscent of a wine bar, especially with its unusual L-shaped tables.The menu, which is heavy on local ingredients, has no starters or main dishes.  It rather contains a single size of moderately-priced dishes (around $15 each), so one can build their own meal (a great idea for sharing).With its cozy decor, friendly service and great food, Pastaga is a nice place for a fine dining experience or to enjoy a few glasses of wine from their natural wine list.
4	So delicious! Yummy, yummy, yummy!! Portions are a tiny bit small, bread underwhelming, but my GOD!!! Everything else is like a dance party for the taste buds. Holla!!
5	Wow!  Everything we had here was perfect.  The pork belly was so tender and had a brown sugar crust.  The scallops came in a thick corn soup - we could have licked the bowl.  We also had a beet salad and tuna, two selections of cheese, and a chocolate mousse dessert.  All were fantastic!
4	Another beautiful Sunday in Montreal can only mean another Brunch opportunity. This past weekend, my brunch partner and I....and yes... I have a brunch buddy. In lieu of a relationship, brunch is best enjoyed amongst friends, so we have made this a regular occurrence. Great way to maintain friendships you care about. Food for thought (and pun completely intended). Anyway... Pastaga is a restaurant that I have wanted to visit for some time now. Eventually I will go for dinner but for the time being, having been biking by it every weekend for the past 3 months on my way to Jean Talon Market, I decided that brunch was a quicker option for the time being.Pastaga does brunch on Sunday exclusively. On this beautiful day, we arrived before any rush and sat down right away. Right off the bat, the place has a great look and feel. Very simple and fresh decor. The large window in the front of the restaurant provides a large amount of natural light which lights up the space. Simple wood tables, couch chairs and a nice bar in the back. The killer element is the glass wall in the back which exposes the beautiful kitchen for all to see. I could have sat there for hours.Started off with a strawberry smoothie and the complimentary sugared doughnuts with housemate caramel. Smoothie was light but had a great taste. The doughnuts were very good as well. They didn't have the warm fluffy texture of something that has been made fresh to order but were delicious regardless. Nice crunch to them and not too dense. The caramel was the star however. Perfectly rich and smooth.As a main course, I had Pastaga's version of a hash. Grilled potatoes and peppers with bacon, egg and toast. Simple in principle but exquisite in execution. All the elements came together wonderfully for a great dish. The bacon in particular was just perfect. More a large slab of pork than what most would consider bacon but no complaints here. Simply a great dish.My friend had the Benedictine plate. Pastaga's play of this dish included a fowl drumstick. Once again, every element of the plate was perfectly executed. The biscuit was good, the poached egg was perfect, the drumstick was great and the hollandaise sauce was exceptionally light with the same taste one would expect from most hollandaise sauces. Another great dish.Finally, to finish off the meal, we split the petit fours which consisted of 4 mini brownies with a candied grape in the middle of each. A perfect sweet ending to a very good meal.Pastaga was a great brunch experience that I would highly recommend to anyone looking for a nice place to try out. This meal further reinforced my need to come have dinner here as well. Anytime you are in the Little Italy/ Jean Talon Market area, you would be hard pressed to find a better brunch option to enjoy on a nice relaxing Sunday.Cheers!
5	Pastaga is a great place for top-notch chef-quality food. The space is small-ish, but comfortable and bright, with an open kitchen for watching the magic happen. The staff on my recent visit were helpful, knowledgeable, and efficient, but never intrusive. They have a nice wine selection and fantastic cheeses, but the food is the star here, and it shines brightlyHighly recommended
5	Love this new restaurant, ranked one of the best by Air Canada enroute magazine in 2012!
5	This is by far the best Canadian restaurant I've had the pleasure to dine at, and I'm amazed how little it is known in Montreal.The restaurant itself stands out from others with its big, clear windows. The entire dining place is lit with several lightbulbs attached directly to extension cables hanging on the ceiling, and the ambience is slightly more "hipster" and casual.The tables are in different sizes and shapes, and I was seated at a table that was very wide in width but pretty narrow in length, and for my table most of the dishes were presented in long, rectangular plates. The same dish, however, ordered by another table of 2 beside me was presented in a round, large plate because they had more table space. The plating, of course, was also slightly different.It amazes me how much thought process they invested for creating such magnificent dining experience for every individual.The service was quick, efficient and personal, and there is nothing much to talk about. It is possible to make and modify your reservation online via Guestful, and it is very fast and convenient.The food was savoury at every bite. Pastaga's dishes were, in my opinion, about the harmony of flavours and textures. Every element on the plate has its own purpose, whether it was the acidity from pickled eggplant to balance the sweetness of the caramel sauce, or the texture of the soft pancake to contrast the crispiness of the piglet skin, everything just works so well...together!From the interior decor to the presentation of the dishes, everything seemed so simple, and yet so elegant and complex. Chef Juneau has showed me that simplicity is indeed the new complexity.
4	I'm gonna go ahead and be perfectly honest and say that I don't remember much about this place. We went just after Xmas in 2012 and it's now August 2013. I know I had espresso and then another espresso, so the espresso muct have at least been passable. It was brutally cold out so I can say the heat works. And I went to the bathroom, so they have bathrooms. Oh we got breakfast there. I didn't even realize it was primarily an evening kinda place. How about that. Anyway, I don't remember what I got but I seem to remember it being good. D got some sort of eggs benedict concoction and it was good. I think it may have had salmon in it. I know it was tasty and at the end, there was no food left. The guy we met there also ate all his food. There's something to be said about that. So...heat, working bathrooms, good espresso, and food which will cause you to clean your plate. Sounds good to me. I say give it a shot and see what you think.
4	The food in Pastaga is absolutely delicious and I will definitely come again. Very nice natural wine list to explore. The kitchen is separated by glass wall from the dining area and you can observe the chefs preparing the food. The only reason I'm giving 4 stars is the service. We had to wait 30 minutes to be offered water or drinks after being seated. Once we had the attention of our host everything was ok.
5	What a discovery! Dined with a dear friend visiting Montreal and was not disappointed. We each ordered 2 tasting dishes: pan-seared scallops, melt in your mouth pork belly, sturgeon,salmon, vennison & Bavarois with goat cheese.  I list them because each was a superb blend of delicate flavours, beautifully presented. Our Server was fantastic in guiding our choices and in pairing the perfect wine. Totally delectable! Fantastic service in a warm yet modern and lively, (but not too noisy)  environment. Superb! Can't wait to try their brunch!! Pastaga is a must.
5	I won't know the exact names of the menu items, as they were in French; however, I can say that the food was exquisite (as was the company, though I cannot promise they will sit with you when you are there). We went to Pastaga on an empty night (thank you, snow storm). I don't remember the wine that was ordered, but I do remember a delicious cocktail with a silly name (what was that name?) and it was very tasty.For the dinner, I ordered the beet salad (OMG) and the scallop dish. They were both to die for. My partner had the salmon dish as a starter and I wanted to steal it from him. I can't remember what he ordered for the main (check Tripadvisor as he does not Yelp - sorry!).  The service was impeccable and the snow outside glittered as if it was lit by tiny little fiber-optic lights (or diamonds if you want to go that direction). That being said, I cannot promise you will be there when everyone else cancels their reservations and the snow sparkles as if lit from within. What I can say is that the food is worth the reservation, even without the delightful company I enjoyed.If this is what Quebec is to food, then Quebec deserves to be on the food map as much as New York and Paris do.Surprisingly, the prices weren't even as steep as one would expect in the U.S. for food of this quality. Amazing.
5	what an amazing experience!the tables are quite original, carved out of wood, you feel like you're having champagne on a tree trunk! :)the food is absolutely delicious! every single item on the menu is great.I went with our waiter's recommendation and had the Salmon entree followed by the Pork & pancake main dish... both were plate licking good!I actually managed to squeeze in a dessert as well. I chose the Apple tartine. with crushed bretzels & nuts icecream... WOW! My friend had the white tuna as an entree and the veal as main course, followed by the chocolate mousse for dessert! All great choices for her as well!The waiter was super friendly and suggested amazing cocktails to accompany our meals! perfect match!Make sure to reserve in advance, the place is not very big and they are always quickly booked.
5	One of the best hidden gems of Montreal. A little off the beaten path but only a short cab ride from the plateau. One of the best food experiences in years.
5	Absolutely amazing experience. The food was unreal and I enjoyed every dish we tried. Our waiters reccomendation were thorough and very helpful. Hopefully can go back again
5	Excellent food. We went on a Sunday night around 8PM and were seated immediately. The restaurant is very cozy, with nice unique wooden tables. The menu is extensive, offering cold plates and hot plates, cheeses and desserts.The pork belly was the best thing I've ever eaten. The tuna tartar was extremely fresh and delicious. We also tried the burrata, which was not the highlight of the meal, but still very tasty.
4	I was there for the Taste MTL event. Overall great food, perfect flavors, and nice techniques. The servers were quite busy (totally normal during such events) and seemed a little overwhelmed, but the food was just perfect. On my bucket-list for brunches, too !
5	My manager took us out on a Sunday evening. Place was not too packed. We were seated close to another couple which gave us an opportunity to eye our neighbors tasty plates. Portion size looked small but let me tell you it fit just right in my tummy. I started of with oysters and we a shared grilled  octopus. Appetizers were outstanding! Oysters fresh and tasted like from the sea and octopus had that nice char... And really tender! My main meal was the porcelet and pancake - flavors were amazying, I can see why it's their classic dish. Lastly desert was the tarte au pomme -   Omg I was in food heaven. The buttery dough paired with the icecream, nuts and Carmel sauce just made my mouth water. Give this place a try guys, it's a great place to eat well and for me it's worth to spend money on great food & service. Reasonably priced also.
